What Trump actually said was: Our police are amazing. Our local police   they know who a lot of these people are. They are afraid to do anything about it because they don t want to be accused of profiling and they don t want to be accused of all sorts of things. You know, in Israel they profile. They ve done an unbelievable job, as good as you can do. But Israel has done an unbelievable job, and they ll profile. They see somebody that s suspicious, they will profile. They will take that person and they ll check out. Do we have a choice? Look what s going on. Do we really have a choice? We re trying to be so politically correct in our country. And this is only going to get worse. The above screenshot  shows the contradiction. CNN indicates that Trump is supporting  racial  profiling, while they go on to  show his exact quote where he does not state  racial .H/T [ Breaking 911 ] 
STRASBOURG, France (Reuters) - The man expected to become the leader of France s center-right set out his vision for a multi-speed Europe on Thursday, rejecting the deeper integration sought by President Emmanuel Macron. Speaking in Strasbourg, home to the European Parliament, Laurent Wauquiez said some European Union countries should be allowed to limit their commitment to the bloc to free trade, something that theoretically could allow Britain to re-engage. If the 42-year-old is elected next month to lead The Republicans, his challenge will be to rebuild a once-powerful party that was blown apart by Macron s presidential and parliamentary election triumphs. With Macron s fledgling Republic on the Move party dominating the center, Wauquiez is likely to take The Republicans to the right, fishing for support among eurosceptic National Front sympathizers. The Republicans have only 100 lawmakers in the 577-seat National Assembly, after others split to work more closely with Macron, but are the largest opposition group.  With 27 members, Europe isn t working. We have to do something,  Wauquiez told reporters. The EU should have a core of between six and 12 members states that would pursue closer cooperation on matters including tax harmonization and employment rights, he said.  Other members of the euro zone would form a second tier. Countries wanting only free trade would form a third tier, including Britain if it wanted.  I cannot accept that everyone seems to be congratulating themselves that Britain is leaving,  Wauquiez said. In September, Macron painted a sweeping vision for European renewal, calling for the EU to work more closely on defense and immigration and for the euro zone to have its own budget. Describing himself as a  committed European , Wauquiez rejected that as well as any plan to further enlarge the EU further.  Macron s big mistake is to pit French sovereignty against the European project ... to think we need more federalism. I on the other hand believe in a union of nation states,  Wauquiez told Le Figaro. Wauquiez served as the party s interim leader last year after former president Nicolas Sarkozy quit the post to contest the party primary for a second crack at the presidency. One Paris-based senior EU diplomat described him as a  tough politician  whose leadership of The Republicans would squeeze the political space open to the National Front. The National Front suffered its own bruising in the elections, with its leader Marine Le Pen trounced by Macron in the second round of the presidential vote and the party performing weakly in the parliamentary election. Le Pen has softened her anti-EU stance in past weeks as her far-right party, split by deep internal divisions over its view on Europe, seeks to reinvent itself.   
Sarah Sanders is great at getting the White House Press Corps to hurry it up The Supercut below shows the tactics used by this superstar to keep the wild press in line:Go Sarah!ONE OF OUR ALL TIME FAVORITES WAS A RARE OCCASION WHEN SARAH WASN T  FINISHED :Sarah Huckabee Sanders was hot today when she went off on CNN s Jim Acosta over the fake news that s been constant the past few days. Jim Acosta also would not be quiet so Sanders had to get loud and forceful:  I m not finished  Sanders was making a point about reporters making a mistake vs when they report fake news on purpose There is a big difference. There s a big difference between making honest mistakes and purposely misleading the American people something that happens regularly.    Sarah Huckabee SandersFox News Insider reports:White House Press Secretary Sarah Sanders battled CNN reporter Jim Acosta, accusing the mainstream media of  purposefully  putting out false information.As he began a question, Acosta told Sanders at Monday s press briefing that journalists make  honest mistakes  and that doesn t mean it s  fake news. Sanders started to answer but Acosta and another reported interjected. I m sorry. I m not finished!  she countered. There s a very big difference between making honest mistakes and purposefully misleading the American people, something that happens regularly,  she shot back.Acosta asked for an example of a story that was  intentionally false  and meant to mislead Americans.Sanders called out the false report by ABC News  Brian Ross on former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn, which earned Ross a four-week suspension.She called it  very telling  that Ross was suspended. Acosta kept pushing Sanders to let him ask his original question about allegations of sexual misconduct against President Trump, but she refused.
Companies including Cars.com, Peloton, and Leesa Sleep have all given in to pressure to cease advertising on the show over Hannity s pursuit of now retracted claims made by Fox News that murdered DNC employee Seth Rich had contact with Wikileaks before his death.Leesa Sleep even bragged about cutting off their advertising with Sean Hannity on Twitter. They apparently made 11K liberals very happy with their decision. The big question is how many conservatives will they lose as customers for their high-end mattresses?We adjust our media buying every day and we can confirm that we are no longer advertising on Sean Hannity.  Leesa (@leesasleep) May 24, 2017Cars.com would like you to consider purchasing one of their certified pre-owned options. They must be addressing their new liberal audience with this tweet, since conservatives are likely now shopping with their competition like autotrader.com for instance Shopping for a new or used car but don't know about the certified pre-owned option? Find out more here: https://t.co/pTb209UzBs  Cars.com (@carsdotcom) May 20, 2017Peloton bragged about the $1.25 billion value of their company on Twitter yesterday. Bringing a Peloton Cycle bike home with you comes with a hefty price tag of $1,995. You will, however, need to pay a $39 per month subscription fee to continue taking spin classes over the HD screen. Peloton has a link on Amazon where users can review their bikes. Feel free to review their bikes HERE..@WSJ features Peloton's latest round of financing, which values the company at $1.25 billion: https://t.co/MeLC9HULCo #ridepeloton  Peloton (@RidePeloton) May 24, 2017 I totally and completely understand how upset and how hard this is on this family, especially over the recent coverage of Seth s death,  he said.  I ve been communicating with them. I got a very heartfelt note. I also sent them a heartfelt note back. However, out of respect for the family s wishes, for now, I am not discussing this matter at this time,  Hannity continued, although he later contended that he had  retracted nothing  and would continue to  try to get to the truth. In a series of tweets on Wednesday, Hannity accused figures including George Soros, David Brock of Media Matters, and failed presidential candidate Hillary Clinton of  liberal fascism,  after his advertisers were reportedly  inundated with emails  from left-wing groups asking them to stop advertising on the show.  Breitbart
Donald Trump is concerned about the terminally ill   not about their ability to recover, their quality of life, the amount of pain they re in or if they re happy or sad, but he wants them to live until November 8. On Wednesday at a Nevada rally, Trump urged the terminally ill to  hang out till November  so they can assist in the destruction of the United States so they can vote for him. I don t care how sick you are,  The Donald said.  I don t care if you just came back from the doctor and he gave you the worst possible prognosis, meaning it s over. Doesn t matter. Hang out till November 8. Get out and vote. And then, all we re gonna say is,  We love you and we will remember you always,  Trump continued.  Get out and vote. Naturally, Stephen Colbert wasn t about to allow this to go unchecked. On Thursday. he tweeted a new campaign slogan for The Donald:Trump asked the terminally ill to hold on 'til Election Day to vote for him. He s revamped Diddy s slogan  Vote Or Die  to  Vote, Then Die.  Stephen Colbert (@StephenAtHome) October 7, 2016This is what we can expect from Donald Trump s America   he will literally focus on whatever benefits himself as people die and the world burns around him.While it is doubtful that the terminally ill will be lining up to vote for him in November, many people will   make sure that you get out there and do your part to make sure our next president isn t a man whose sole concern is The Vote, no matter where it comes from.Featured image via screengrab/Getty Images (Ethan Miller)
BERLIN (Reuters) - Germany should learn from security shortcomings exposed by a deadly truck attack on a Berlin Christmas market a year ago and increase aid to survivors and families of victims, Chancellor Angela Merkel said on Tuesday. Anis Amri, a failed Tunisian asylum seeker with Islamist links, hijacked a truck on Dec. 19, 2016, killed the driver and then plowed it into a crowded market place, killing 11 more people and injuring dozens of others. Merkel spoke on the anniversary of the attack at the unveiling of a memorial on the Breitscheidplatz square where it took place. The ceremony came amid criticism from families of the victims and from survivors about the government s handling of the incident.  Today is a day for mourning but also a day for the determination of making things better that did not work (in the past),  Merkel said. Merkel, who met victims and relatives of those killed at the chancellery on Monday, said she would meet the group again in a few months to provide updates on lessons learned from Germany s worst Islamist militant attack. Hundreds of people gathered with candles at the site after a  church service at the Kaiser Wilhelm Memorial Church that was also attended by Berlin mayor Michael Mueller and former German President Joachim Gauck.  The church bells tolled for 12 minutes, one minute for each of those killed, at 8:02 p.m., the precise time when the attack occurred. The normally crowded Christmas market at the plaza remained closed all day on Tuesday. The memorial shows the names of the victims carved on the steps of the Kaiser Wilhelm Memorial Church near the scene of the attack. A long crack filled with metal and gold alloy runs through the steps and the Christmas market.     President Frank-Walter Steinmeier said support for the victims of the attack came late and had not been sufficient.  It s bitter that the state could not protect your relatives,  Steinmeier said addressing the families. German Justice Minister Heiko Maas said the government had not been well enough prepared to avert such an attack.  We can only apologize for the victims and the surviving relatives,  Maas wrote in an article published in Tagesspiegel paper on Tuesday.  The German government has agreed to increase compensation payments to victims  families and survivors after complaints that the 10,000 euros ($11,820) compensation the German government had offered was insufficient, Kurt Beck, an advocate for victims and survivors said on Tuesday. Dozens of protesters rallied near the Breitscheidplatz, carrying signs expressing solidarity with the victims but warning against turning the tragic event into a rallying cry against Islam, as some far-right groups have sought to do.  I m angry about the right wing s efforts to instrumentalize this,  said Martin Pfaff, who organized the event.  That s why we re making clear that racism cannot be an answer to terrorism.  
BELGRADE (Reuters) - Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan said on Tuesday the United States should dismiss its ambassador to Ankara if he took the decision to suspend visa services in Turkey, adding he did not regard him as a representative of the U.S. government. Speaking at a news conference in Belgrade, Erdogan blamed the United States for causing the dispute between the two countries and asked how “agents” had infiltrated the U.S. consulate, referring to a consulate worker who was arrested last week and the involvement of a second individual at the mission. 
It s time for the media to start doing their job. Instead of making baseless claims about Trump to fulfill their insatiable desire to label him a  racist,  perhaps they should be questioning Hillary about her DOCUMENTED racist history Dolly Kyle, a long-time friend of the Clinton s, wrote a scathing  tell all  book exposing the sickening hidden truth about Bill and Hillary Clinton. Hillary s war on just about anyone who is beneath her, or who would dare to get in the way of her ascent to the White House.Kyle claims that when the Clinton s were behind closed doors they were a very different couple than the public sees. Behind the Reverend Jesse Jackson s back, the Clinton duo called him,  That G**damned n****r .When will the media do their job and report the truth about this horrible opportunist?
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Donald Trump has shown a fascination with populist 19th-century U.S. president Andrew Jackson since he has occupied the Oval Office, hanging “Old Hickory’s” portrait in the Oval Office, visiting his plantation in Tennessee and placing a wreath at his tomb. In an interview that aired on Sirius XM satellite radio on Monday, Trump suggested that if Jackson had governed a little later than his 1829-1837 presidency, the American Civil War might have been averted. Trump also questioned why the bloody conflict had to happen. “Had Andrew Jackson been a little later, you wouldn’t have had the Civil War. He was a very tough person, but he had a big heart,” Trump told Sirius XM. He said that although Jackson was a “swashbuckler,” after his wife died, Jackson visited her grave every day. Jackson, a slave owner who was instrumental in the forced removal of Native American tribes from the U.S. Southeast in the so-called Trail of Tears, died nearly 16 years before the start of the Civil War. But Trump told Sirius XM that Jackson “was really angry that he saw what was happening with regard to the Civil War.””He said, ‘There’s no reason for this,’” Trump said. “People don’t realize, you know, the Civil War — if you think about it, why? People don’t ask that question, but why was there a Civil War? Why could that one not have been worked out?” It was not clear what Trump believed Jackson would have done to avert the 1861-65 conflict, which cost 620,000 lives. In a tweet later on Monday, Trump acknowledged that Jackson had died 16 years before the start of the war but said he “saw it coming and was angry. Would never have let it happen!” The events leading to the Civil War have been extensively researched, with slavery being one of the root causes. Slavery and its legacy have been a source of division in the United States since. By the time of his death, Jackson owned about 150 slaves who lived and worked at his plantation, the Hermitage. During his time in office, Jackson denounced the growing activity of abolitionists seeking an end to slavery. Trump and his supporters have likened his election victory to Jackson’s triumph in 1828, when Jackson became the first U.S. president from what was then the western frontier of Tennessee. The populist Democrat famously opened the White House to all comers after his inauguration, turning the normally dignified executive mansion into a mob scene. 
Diamond and Silk light up the crowd at a Trump rally in NC. They remind Crooked Hillary, that just because Obama s cronies are protecting her from being indicted doesn t mean the American voters are going to give her a pass: And we will render our verdict in November. Are you on the Trump Train? .@DiamondandSilk have a Precise and Clear Message for Crooked Hillary. @HillaryClinton is still a Crook in our Book.https://t.co/0QV7rTi0mC  Diamond and Silk  (@DiamondandSilk) July 6, 2016Bravo!
We ve written about the amazing filmmaker, playwright and journalist, Phelim MacAleer and his fearless wife Ann McElhinney several times over the past couple of years. They ve brilliantly exposed the Left  and their outrageous lies countless times. They are currently making a movie called  Gosnell  that will tell the truth the media hid about the crimes committed by serial killer,  Dr.  Kermit Gosnell. This husband and wife team are doing the work honest journalists, if they were being true to their profession, SHOULD be doing. Phelim s play  Ferguson,  that is now a movie, (see full-length version below) has completely dismantled the  hands up don t shoot  lie that was coordinated by the White House and professional race agitators.  This lie of course, was perpetrated by a willing media. MacAleer does a brilliant job of dispelling these lies by simply using the actual testimony from the case.From Phelim MacAleer:These are professional actors reading the actual words of eyewitnesses detailing minute by minute what happened in the run up to the shooting of Michael Brown in Ferguson, Missouri. FERGUSON the play consists of unaltered witness testimony, exactly as the Ferguson grand jury heard it. It includes forensic and medical examiner evidence that proves the truth and debunks the liars.You probably haven t missed the many and loud claims that the entertainment industry is racist and not diverse. It seems that  everyone who matters  agrees that diversity is a problem. Or at least that s what they say.But the reality is very different as I found when I wrote a play that offered ten roles for black men and women and even three significant roles for black women over 40   which everyone agrees can be a career death zone for women (of all races).And as a  diversity bonus  the play was going to be about an issue that of huge significance to the black community   it was called FERGUSON and was about the shooting of Michael Brown, a young black man by a white police officer in Ferguson, Missouri.And this was to be no whitesplaining of the issue. I wrote, or rather curated, the play only using actual Grand Jury testimony of witnesses (most of them black). I didn t change their testimony at all. Not a paragraph, word or comma was added. It was to be a minute by minute account by multiple eyewitnesses of the last hours of Michael Brown s life. I decided to have a staged reading of the script over four nights at the Odyssey Theater in Santa Monica. It would be a great way for people to finally hear the truth about Ferguson   in the words of the people who witnessed the whole incident.The cast were enthusiastic at the auditions   there was a huge interest in the play   at last the truth about Ferguson and the shooting of Michael Brown would come out. Their enthusiasm lasted until the end of the first rehearsal. According to an LA Times reporter who was present many of the actors were aghast that the truth from eyewitnesses and forensic experts didn t match their idea of what really happened or what they read in the media. It was clear from the eyewitness testimony that Michael Brown didn t have his hands up surrendering as activists claimed. It was also clear, again from black eyewitnesses, that police officer Darren Wilson had no choice but to shoot Brown who was on a mini-crime rampage that morning.These facts did not please the actors who wanted to tell a different story. However this was Verbatim Theater   the story could only be told in the words of the witnesses. But the actors did not want to hear the genuine voices   even if they were black and under oath. Nine of the original 13 actors walked out. Most of them were black. Then a few of the white cast walked out in sympathy   one just 24 hours before the performance opened.Their walkout made a mockery of claims that there is a need for more diverse roles in the entertainment industry. This was a predominantly black cast in a play about a topic that was about an issue   police shootings of black men   that was of enormous interest to the black community.In reality what activists obviously meant was that they wanted black roles that pushed a left/liberal agenda. They may have wanted the actors faces to be a diverse color but they so did not want diversity of thought or ideas to be presented on the stage. No   those ideas had to be shut down. And it s not as if those ideas don t get a lot of interest. The staged reading of Ferguson   over a four night run   in a 99-seat theater was one of the most talked about plays of the year in Los Angeles. As a writer for liberal LA Weekly put it FERGUSON achieved something  almost unheard of in L.A. s stage community   it moved theater from the arts section to the front page. Despite the walkout I was determined the Show Would Go On. Eventually we hired replacement cast for all the actors and the play was staged for its planned four night run. It was an enormous success.LA Weekly said Ferguson was  divisive, but riveting  and  an incendiary night of theatre . It was covered by a huge range of media outlets including NPR, The Hollywood Reporter and Rush Limbaugh.Now that is true diversity!To ensure the truth about Ferguson reaches as big an audience as possible I have now filmed the staged reading.Please enjoy it. The truth is compelling.  Phelim MacAleer
Talk about projecting! On Fareed Zakaria s CNN show, former New York Times editor Jill Abramson decries  false equivalency  between Democrats and Republicans, saying Republicans are disproportionately responsible for the divisive political climate. HUH? This angry shrew is showing just how much she is blinded by hate!ED LUCE: It s very hard to imagine how civility can ensue when people don t even meet each other or live near each other who hold different positions or let their children marry or wish their children to marry people of different views. So that s my concern, there is no public square.FAREED ZAKARIA: Jill, you ve written that you think that while all this is true, this is not a situation where both sides are equally at fault.JILL ABRAMSON: I do think that both sides are not equally at fault, and that there s been a bit of a false equivalency at work, especially in the discussion over the past couple of days. I think that in terms of political leadership right now that both President Trump and the congressional leadership on the Republican side are extremely divisive and that they are really benefiting from a kind of rage machine that operates in this country.This woman must have been in a coma for the past couple of years!Does she NOT remember the horrible attacks on conservatives during the 2016 campaign? Does she not remember the 2016 Inauguration? Oh, how about Berkeley?There are just way too many examples of the left s unhinged violence and rhetoric. From the leaders of the Democrat Party to the George Soros sponsored Antifa thugs, we can say without any hesitation that this woman and all others who refuse to see the problem are seriously delusional and blinded by their hate.
The nationwide depression among democrats, specifically Hillary supporters, has not declined much since the initial election day devastation occurred.They have now come up with a name for their plight, they re calling it  Post-Election Stress Disorder.   The title is a nod toward the condition that many returning veterans experience, Post Traumatic Stress Disorder.PTSD is a serious disorder, it is believed to be responsible for suicides in a large number of active duty military and veterans. Every day, 22 veterans take their own lives. That s a suicide every 65 minutes. As shocking as the number is, it may actually be higher.*Some veterans are taking exception, with good reason, to liberals even insinuating that their disappointment over Hillary Clinton losing an election comes close to what is experienced on the battlefield.'Post-Election Stress Disorder': Vets take issue with new term for upset liberals https://t.co/IHrPi2CGCC pic.twitter.com/vlMe9lUqnZ  Fox News (@FoxNews) February 21, 2017(Source: Fox Insider)
TEL AVIV (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump, speaking shortly after arriving in Israel on Monday, urged regional leaders to work together for peace and said his trip to Saudi Arabia had brought him new hope for that prospect. “We have before us a rare opportunity to bring security and stability and peace to this region and to its people,” Trump said during a welcoming ceremony after Air Force One touched down. “But we can only get there working together. There is no other way.” 
The world is reeling from the shocking news of the death of musical icon Prince on Thursday. There has been an outpouring of grief, as well as amazing tributes to the man who shaped pop culture and music like no other. Among the many tributes being paid to Prince are two amazing musical displays from the casts of Hamilton and Color Purple on Broadway.Both casts finished their Thursday night editions of their musicals by singing Prince songs. The Hamilton cast chose to dance to an instrumental rendition of  Let s Go Crazy,  which is one of the icon s most famous and timeless songs. Here is video of that performance via Raw Story:The cast of Color Purple, instead, chose to sing the iconic classic  Purple Rain.  That is the song that really catapulted Prince to the top of the charts upon its release on the album by the same name in 1984. Here is video of that  beautiful tribute, led by Color Purple star Jennifer Hudson:These tributes are nothing short of absolutely beautiful and definitely appropriate. Prince has to be one of the most important figures in modern music, and his influence is legendary. He will truly be missed, by fans, celebrities, and everyone in between worldwide.Thank you, Broadway, for giving us these beautiful tributes in our time of mourning.Featured image via Michael Ochs Archives/Getty Images
Donald Trump doesn t have much foreign policy experience, but he loves his golf courses, especially the ones overseas. He s no longer associated with Miss Universe, but surely that prepared him for foreign policy and running a country, just as his golf courses in Scotland did. President Obama s labor secretary, Tom Perez, took Trump to the cleaners over this during an interview on Meet the Press, because Perez knows that Trump doesn t know foreign policy at all.Host Chuck Todd asked Perez how he would describe his own foreign policy, and Perez replied with a smirk and razor-sharp sarcasm: Well, I haven t run a Ms. Universe pageant, and I don t own any golf courses in Scotland, Chuck, so I don t have what Donald Trump has, and I m very sorry about that. That hits King Dunce right where it hurts, because King Dunce doesn t know how to take advice, let alone actually learn anything. Remember, King Dunce the man who gave us this little nugget of disease-ridden feces: I m speaking with myself, number one, because I have a very good brain and I ve said a lot of things I know what I m doing and I listen to a lot of people, I talk to a lot of people and at the appropriate time I ll tell you who the people are. But my primary consultant is myself and I have a good instinct for this stuff. He has a touch of instinct for business, and that s it. He thinks government, and particularly foreign affairs, are just like business and he can treat them with strong-arm tactics and threats of lawsuits   oh wait, war  if they don t give in.King Trump s foreign policy sounds great to ignorant voters who can t think for themselves. It s all about  America first.  It s a lot of the same mentality that led to Brexit, and it s true that world s uppermost caste has left working class people in the dust in the pursuit of their own black and vile greed. However, Trump wants to bully and muscle other countries into doing what he wants. He doesn t want actual negotiations.It wouldn t be surprising to discover that His Royal Narcissist thinks that his  me first  mentality is the same as having an  America first  mentality. His confidence in his own greatness is part of why he talks about all his businesses, including his golf courses, as though they ve given him all the experience he needs to run one of the most powerful countries in the world.As Perez explained, Trump the Dump is all about himself and his own profits and glory rather than America first, because otherwise, he wouldn t fight labor unions and he wouldn t have his clothing and campaign gear made in the very foreign countries he demonizes regularly on the campaign trail.Perez nailed him to the wall on this.Featured image by Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images
Oh, Mr. Spicey. Our favorite press secretary because we love to hate him. His gymnastics around Donald Trump s antics and gaffes (along with his own) are already the stuff of legend, and not in a good way. It makes his relationship with the press acrimonious, and he may well have just about had it with that. Today, he turned chickenshit, tucked his tail between his legs, and ran away from his own press briefing, leaving the White House Press Corps absolutely stunned.Cries of,  Sean! Hey Sean! Seeeeeean! Ah come on, Sean! He walked away!  are among just a few of the loud and disappointed protests coming from a press corps that undoubtedly had a squillion uncomfortable questions for him.Watch below:.@PressSec literally fled press questions today pic.twitter.com/S9uIapiBn4  American Bridge (@American_Bridge) May 2, 2017Near the end of the video, you can hear someone say,  Really?  Yes, really, apparently. And people on Twitter are going at Spicey for being a coward with gleeful abandon:@American_Bridge @PressSec Live feed on sean spicer running out the WH.. pic.twitter.com/wt4J2Q45WE  diane1261 (@diane1261) May 2, 2017@American_Bridge @PressSec pic.twitter.com/pqz03w8WhL  Jas (@barteej) May 2, 2017@American_Bridge @glasgowdick @PressSec @PressSec  Quick, the press are here. Run! Hide!  pic.twitter.com/y2Jib6YrZB  Sean Callaghan (@keanespirit) May 2, 2017@American_Bridge @PressSec Moments before: pic.twitter.com/U2XzJwewlF  Judge Steve Reinhold (@Galileo908) May 2, 2017@American_Bridge @wycam1 @PressSec Maybe Spicey had to GO POTTY ??? pic.twitter.com/KeSHWDnYsM  NY Justice Seeker (@NYJusticeSeeker) May 2, 2017Just in, footage of Sean Spicer at today s presser  pic.twitter.com/BNVX2m9CmA  Tynisa Walker (@Kalarigamerchic) May 2, 2017@American_Bridge @PressSec pic.twitter.com/lClJnDpGBt  L M J (@ViewFrom14thFlr) May 2, 2017@American_Bridge @PressSec Damn Sean. At least do it with a little style. pic.twitter.com/YTB8hEt05Z  Bob Parker (@BobusParkorum) May 2, 2017@American_Bridge @Marengel4 @PressSec I wouldn t put it pass you @seanspicer smh  pic.twitter.com/6K8jCnqKgl   R?G  (@lastbreath8) May 2, 2017@American_Bridge @PressSec pic.twitter.com/6DMtkNi0W9  Allbizness (@TerniValentine) May 2, 2017@American_Bridge @PressSec A coward dies a thousand deaths  pic.twitter.com/X0hCvrpzkn  Erin Larkin Foster (@larkster_Erin) May 2, 2017Live look at Sean Spicer ghosting the WH press pic.twitter.com/W9vmc2Ef4g  Andi Zeisler (@andizeisler) May 2, 2017@JakeTurx The childish nature of this Administration never ceases to amaze me. I honestly wish they would stop. pic.twitter.com/Z7uCwa8aaJ  ACTIndivisible (@ACTIndivisible) May 2, 2017Scaredy Spice @PressSec is too much of a coward to face the free press reps in White House press briefing! @maddow #Spicer #100DaysOfShame pic.twitter.com/xNTmw4xYeQ  Daniel Quinn (@MightyQuinnUSA) May 2, 2017Actual pics of Sean Spicer fleeing the press briefing today pic.twitter.com/NnogAnWC5w  Prubjot Kaur (@prubjotkaur) May 2, 2017Sean Spicer fleeing the WH press corps like pic.twitter.com/S1jns97dfN  Jenn Lerner (@JenniferLerner1) May 2, 2017Poor @seanspicer he s such a huge pussy that @realDonaldTrump is going to be grabbing him all day long. https://t.co/pJ9Ej1TMw1  Pretty Hat Machine? (@PrettyHatMech) May 2, 2017What s the rush? Sean Spicer leaves WH press briefing without fielding questions  https://t.co/U1rd4B6cZ2  All American Girl (@AIIAmericanGirI) May 2, 2017Sean Spicer leaving that press conference was not shocking to me. That looks me putting my kids to bed everynight pic.twitter.com/BHwAJhOYGw  Lulu Chatter (@LuluChatter1) May 2, 2017Sean Spicer leaves White House briefing without taking questions from the press Where s Spicer? pic.twitter.com/afi8EMgIqf  Mangoman (@69mangoman) May 2, 2017Actual footage of Sean Spicer at today s press briefing. pic.twitter.com/2xHZdKhTkm        (@slickvandal) May 2, 2017Some of the media are unhappy with this development, too, and really not afraid to say so. Mother Jones called it  the soundtrack for a presidency.  The Hill said that Spicer  stunned reporters. Market Watch noted that the press was left  volleying questions toward an empty podium: Sean? Sean? Hey, Sean, come on! What about the Putin call, Sean?  The caption under their photo reads,  It just like concluded. The Root had its own take: Perhaps Spicer needed some time to compose the  alternative facts  he knew he d have to present after Salmon-Skin Stalin said Tuesday that the new budget has enough money for a down payment on the wall, and Sen. Patrick Leahy (D-Vt.), the Senate Appropriations Committee s ranking Democratic member, responded on Twitter with,  To be clear, there is NO funding in this bill for ANY kind of down payment on construction of a new border wall. Or, maybe Spicer was nervous about responding to Trump s tweets from earlier Tuesday insisting that the government needed a  good shutdown.' While some blindly loyal Trump supporters are saying that he just owned the press, unfortunately for their narrative and for Spicey here, answering questions he doesn t necessarily like or want to answer is part and parcel of his job. He doesn t get to run away when he doesn t want to talk, or without explaining that his time is getting cut short for something else. Really, Spicer just got owned here.Featured image via screen capture from embedded video
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Robert Mueller, the special counsel investigating possible ties between the Trump election campaign and Russia, is expanding his probe to assume control of a grand jury investigation into former national security adviser Michael Flynn, three sources told Reuters. The move means Mueller’s politically charged inquiry will now look into Flynn’s paid work as a lobbyist for a Turkish businessman in 2016, in addition to contacts between Russian officials and Flynn and other Trump associates during and after the Nov. 8 presidential election.      Federal prosecutors in Virginia are investigating a deal between Flynn and Turkish businessman Ekim Alptekin as part of a grand jury criminal probe, according to a subpoena seen by Reuters.  Alptekin’s company, Netherlands-based Inovo BV, paid Flynn’s consultancy $530,000 between September and November to produce a documentary and research on Fethullah Gulen, an exiled Turkish cleric living in the United States. Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan blames Gulen for a failed coup last July.  Alptekin, an ally of Erdogan, told Reuters he hired Flynn to provide research on how Gulen is “poisoning the atmosphere” between Turkey and the United States. Gulen has denied any role in the coup and dismisses Turkey’s allegations that he heads a terrorist organization. The grand jury in Virginia has issued subpoenas to some of Flynn’s business associates involved in the work for Inovo, two people familiar with the probe say. The subpoena seen by Reuters seeks bank records, documents and communications related to Flynn, his company, Flynn Intel Group, Alptekin and Inovo. Flynn’s lawyer, Robert Kelner, did not respond to questions about Flynn’s work for Inovo or Mueller’s investigation. A spokesman for Mueller declined to comment. Alptekin declined to comment when asked about the investigation into Flynn and whether he or anyone he knows has been subpoenaed.  Mueller’s move to take over the Virginia grand jury’s criminal investigation highlights his broad powers as special counsel. Reuters could not determine when the grand jury was first convened, but its existence has been previously reported. Until now the investigation has been led by Brandon van Grack, an espionage prosecutor in the Justice Department, and federal prosecutors from the Eastern District of Virginia. It is not clear whether Van Grack and others who have been working on the case will continue to do so. Deputy U.S. Attorney General Rod Rosenstein appointed Mueller, a former FBI director, on May 17 to oversee an investigation into any links or collusion between Russia and individuals associated with the Trump campaign. Rosenstein also gave him authority to pursue “any matters that arose or may arise directly from the investigation.” Some members of Congress have asked the Justice Department to define the scope of Mueller’s inquiry. Mueller’s appointment followed an uproar over Trump’s firing of FBI Director James Comey, who had been investigating alleged Russian meddling in the 2016 election. Democrats and some of the president’s fellow Republicans had demanded an independent probe of whether Russia tried to sway the outcome of November’s election in favor of Trump and against Democrat Hillary Clinton. Trump, who has said there was no coordination between his campaign and Russia, has decried the investigation as a “witch hunt.” One of Trump’s most trusted aides during the election campaign, Flynn had a long career in the military. He set up the Flynn Intel Group, an Alexandria, Virginia-based intelligence consultancy, after President Barack Obama dismissed him as head of the military’s Defense Intelligence Agency in 2014. Mueller, who takes over leadership of an FBI investigation that began last July, can present evidence to grand juries and hear testimony from witnesses. Trump fired Flynn in February after it became clear that he had falsely characterized the nature of phone conversations he had with Russian ambassador Sergei Kislyak in December, just after the Obama administration imposed new sanctions on Russia for what U.S. intelligence agencies had concluded was a Kremlin-led effort through computer hacking, fake news and propaganda to boost Trump’s chances of winning the White House.  Flynn’s work for Inovo came under scrutiny after he published a commentary on a political news website on Election Day calling Gulen a “radical Islamist” who should be extradited to Turkey. Along with the editorial, the Flynn Intel Group also produced a 75-page report on Gulen based mainly on news reports and some video footage for a documentary that was never made, according to three people familiar with the project. Alptekin, who is chairman of the Turkey-U.S. Business Council, told Reuters he was satisfied with Flynn’s research because it had helped him understand how Gulen’s network operates in the United States. He said the $530,000 payment to Flynn’s firm came “mostly” from his personal funds. The rest came from Inovo’s corporate revenues, Alptekin said.     On Nov. 18, the day after Flynn was appointed Trump’s national security adviser, Trump transition team lawyer William McGinley raised concerns on a call with the Flynn Intel Group and others involved in the Inovo project over who had paid for  Flynn’s commentary, according to two people with knowledge of the conversation. Flynn did not participate in that call, they said.     At the time of the call, Flynn had not disclosed that his work for Alptekin meant he was being paid to represent Turkish interests during the election campaign. Flynn Intel Group had said in a September 2016 filing that it was lobbying for Inovo but did not disclose its Turkish links. In March, Flynn retroactively registered under the Foreign Agents Registration Act. In a letter accompanying the March filing, Flynn’s lawyer, Kelner, said the disclosure was being made because Flynn’s work for Inovo “could be construed to have principally benefited the Republic of Turkey,” which he noted was seeking to extradite Gulen.     The House of Representatives intelligence committee, which is also investigating  Russian interference in the election, subpoenaed records from Flynn on Wednesday. The Senate’s intelligence committee, which has a separate probe under way, has also served subpoenas on Flynn and two of his businesses, and earlier this week Flynn indicated that he would start turning over relevant materials. 
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump did not ask former Federal Bureau of Investigation Director James Comey to pledge loyalty to him when the two had dinner in January, the White House said on Friday, disputing media reports. Asked whether the accounts were true, White House spokesman Sean Spicer told reporters, “No.” “I think the president wants loyalty to this country and to the rule of law,” he said. Asked whether anyone in the White House had an audio recording of the dinner, as Trump suggested in a tweet earlier on Friday, Spicer said: “I’m not aware of that.” 
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump on Friday directed his administration to review U.S. trade deficits and clamp down on countries that abuse trade rules in two executive orders he said would start a new chapter for U.S. workers and businesses. “Today I’m signing two executive orders that send this message loud and clear, and that set the stage for a great revival of American manufacturing,” Trump said in the Oval Office. “We’re going to get these bad trade deals straightened out,” Trump said. 
Despite the fact that Donald Trump received fewer votes than his opponent, Hillary Clinton, he s the victor from Tuesday s election and his supporters aren t handling it well. The worst have behaved deplorably, with hate crimes on the rise. You ve probably seen the less violent Trump supporters on social media, where they have been smug and sometimes verbally abusive. The takeaway, though, at least to them, is that there is still only one group of voters who matter in this country, and that s the white working class. The rest, according to Trump voters, should just bow down.This was the sort of behavior on display on Sunday s This Week with George Stephanopoulos, where the guests included right-wing shill Mary Matalin and liberal icon Van Jones. Needless to say, Jones didn t let Matalin go far with her condescending and downright insulting whitesplaining.After the election, Jones emotionally called the election what it was,  whitelash.  Here it is:The right, who could have chosen the magnanimous route and addressed Jones  concerns, instead chose to belittle him. Matalin did just that by telling him how, as a successful and educated black man, he should ignore racism and simply tell his fellow African-Americans that they too should bow to the white working class. Here s the transcript and video via Media Matters:MARY MATALIN: Van has, to my mind, retracted your whitelash with what you just said   No, that we have to not focus totally on the toxic stuff   OK, but you should, and if you don t you re wrong. You are not   that s not the path for progressives. We ve all agreed at the outset of this show that the path, which is Ellison s message, you say, is to go back to the rust belt and the rednecks   you re not going to get there with climate change and Putin and all the rest of  JONES: Now listen, I said and stand by it. I said that race was a part and there was a part, that alt-right part, it was a part of a whitelash. If you listened to the whole quote you would agree with what I said, so I don t take that back  MATALIN: I did listen and you said  what do I tell the kids.  What I would tell your kids,  I m a black man in America who went to Yale, who s written books, who served a president and now  JONES: And I m a ninth generation American man and I m the first one in my family born with all my rights. I m a ninth generation American, and so we have not escaped, because I went to Yale, all the problems of this country.Matalin went on to say that Jones should be a racial reconciler, not a polemicist. That s when Jones very politely and very quietly lost it.JONES: You should be ashamed of yourself for attempting to say that to my face. I have spent more time  MATALIN: Would I say it behind your back would be better?JONES: I spent more time than you have trying to be a racial reconciler in this country.MATALIN: Really? How do you know that? Do you know anything about me?JONES: Apparently you don t know anything about me.[ ]Here s the video:Trump voters need to know a few things. First off, only about a quarter of Americans voted for their candidate. Secondly, his election does not give them the moral high ground, and they certainly have not behaved well enough to lecture us on our behavior. Not that they ll listen to me. The implication with Trump s election is that for the next four years, discussions of racism and inequality are off the table. That s frightening. Any progress we ve made over the last several decades will go up in smoke.If Van Jones were any less a man, he probably would have lost his temper, and really, who could blame him. Instead, he handled being whitesplained to with class and elegance. That s so much more than Trump voters have shown him or the rest of us.Featured image via video screen capture. 
We re living in such  historic  times I can barely take all the diversity and equality Help us to choose the woman the Obama regime will select to replace Alexander Hamilton on the $10 bill (below). The Treasury Department is preparing to announce that they are putting a woman on the $10 bill, as a source has confirmed what appears to be a premature tweet.Treasury Secretary Jack Lew will announce Thursday that the Bureau of Engraving and Printing will put a woman on the bill as soon as 2020. Via: Weasel ZippersWednesday evening, Nancy Lindborg tweeted:Sec Lew announced 2day historic decision to feature a woman on new 10 dollar bill. About time! Share ideas on who to feature #TheNewTen.  Nancy Lindborg (@nancylindborg) June 17, 2015We have a few guesses as to whom the Obama regime will choose as Alexander Hamilton s replacement:The  honorable  and very alert US Supreme Court Justice, Ruth Bader GinsburgWhite House puppet master, Valerie JarrettAmerica s first Food Nazi and 5-star vacation MoochAmerica s first transracial, habitual liar and former Spokane, WA NAACP PresidentAnd finally America s most dishonest presidential candidate 
Introducing his 2004 film The Libertine, about a 17th-century poet who notoriously drank himself to an early death, the 54-year-old chose to discuss American politics. I think [Donald] Trump needs help,  he said.  There are a lot of dark places he could go. I just woke up and you were so sweet and nice, were not even fighting this morning. All I did was say sorry. However, things go from bad to worse with Johnny appearing to threaten the 30-year-old star. You wanna see crazy?  he says. I ll give you f***ing crazy. Daily Star   In the wake of shocking leaked footage and pictures, Eric Schiffer, CEO of ReputationManagementConsultants.com, explained that Johnny would have to play his cards carefully if he wanted to emerge with any semblance of a career. When you look at Johnny s audience, the damage to credibility is catastrophic. This is a legendary movie star who has fallen into complete madness   and everyone can see it,  he told Daily Star Online, exclusively. As for the videos   this is insane asylum behaviour, he is clearly extremely ill and needs help. Did Johnny Depp really think making a  joke  about assassinating our President would help his lackluster career? 
Katie Couric took to Twitter to call out Charlottesville, VA protesters who allegedly sprayed urine at two of her producers. What leftist hack Katie Couric doesn t mention is that the protesters who sprayed her producers with urine were actually ANTIFA protesters. By leaving that little factoid out of her tweet, she has clearly attempted to mislead anyone reading her tweet into believing that the offending protesters were part of the white nationalist group. While we strongly condemn any group that believes they are superior because of their race or skin color, these people actually obtained a permit to protest, and until Antifa showed up, their protest was peaceful.Two of my producers just got sprayed with urine. Lovely. Hard to keep your cool.  Katie Couric (@katiecouric) August 12, 2017Citizen journalist and lawyer Mike Cernovich called out Katie Couric for attempting to mislead her Twitter followers:ANTIFA, a left wing organization, threw urine on a left wing media outlet. https://t.co/xMxHwqGSfJ  Mike Cernovich   (@Cernovich) August 12, 2017Another person on Twitter verified what Mike Cernovich reported:AntiFa has been hyper aggressive at the #UniteTheRight rally. Throwing urine, feces, paint, chemicals, smoke canisters, & pepper spraying.  Millie Weaver (@Millie__Weaver) August 12, 2017THEY'RE NOT ACTIVISTSThey're DOMESTIC TERRORISTSThey're #Antifa & #BLMAnd THEY'RE the ones provoking violence in #Charlottesville pic.twitter.com/TWJmnwuh5S  Boca Vista (@bocavista2016) August 12, 2017Fox News reported about the #UniteTheRight (no affiliation with conservative Americans who think of themselves as being right of center) having permits to protest in Charlottesville, VA:#UniteTheRight had rec'd proper permits to be assembled. #Antifa was Violent pic.twitter.com/HnIl1V2IfR  TrumpsBlonde  Angie (@TrumpsBlonde) August 12, 2017A couple of hours ago, a car drove down one of the streets where protesters were walking and drove into several people. Numerous people were injured. Some of the protesters reportedly have life-threatening injuries. Reports are coming from people who are at the rally that an Antifa member was driving the vehicle that smashed into protestors.https://twitter.com/polNewsForever/status/896429441588629506
LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - The Republican presidential debate held without front-runner Donald Trump attracted 12.5 million viewers to Fox News Channel on Thursday, according to preliminary Nielsen data. Trump boycotted the event after Fox News, owned by 21st Century Fox, refused to yield to his demand that network anchor Megyn Kelly be replaced as a moderator.  (Reporting by Lisa Richwine; Editin gby Tom Brown) SAP is the sponsor of this coverage which is independently produced by the staff of Reuters News Agency.
Everyone laughing after Trump rebranded CNN as #VeryFakeNews. Then they go on their networks saying how "dangerous" and "not funny" it was   pic.twitter.com/d3IiaVh5VL  Asa J   (@asamjulian) February 17, 2017Those who accuse CNN and other mainstream media outlets of  fake news  will probably revel in a recent decision by a federal judge in Atlanta, Georgia. While Judge Orinda Evans didn t all out declare that CNN was peddling in falsehoods, she did take aim at the network in an initial judgment in favor of a former hospital CEO who sued CNN accusing them of purposely skewing statistics to reflect poorly on a West Palm Beach hospital. Judge Evans didn t mince words in her 18-page order allowing the case to move forward, and dismissing CNN s attempt to get it thrown out of court.Davide Carbone, former CEO of St. Mary s Medical Center in West Palm Beach, filed a defamation lawsuit against CNN after they aired what he claims were a  series of false and defamatory news reports  regarding the infant mortality rate at the hospital. CNN s report said the mortality rate was three times the national average. However, Mr. Carbone contends that CNN  intentionally  manipulated statistics to bolster their report. He also claims that CNN purposely ignored information that would look favorable to the hospital in order to sensationalize the story. In our case, we contended that CNN essentially made up its own standard in order to conduct an  apples to oranges  comparison to support its false assertion that St. Mary s mortality rate was 3 times higher than the national average. Accordingly, the case against CNN certainly fits the description of media-created  Fake News.  said Carbone s attorney L. Lin Wood, in a statement to LawNewz.com.Wood says that as a result of CNN s story Carbone lost his job and it became extremely difficult for him to find new employment in the field of hospital administration. False and defamatory accusations against real people have serious consequences. Neither St. Mary s or Mr. Carbone did anything to deserve being the objects of the heinous accusation that they harmed or put babies and young children at risk for profit,  Wood said.On Wednesday, Federal District Judge Orinda Evans ruled that the case could move forward, even ruling that she found that CNN may have acted with  actual malice  with the report   a standard necessary to prove a defamation claim. The Court finds these allegations sufficient to establish that CNN was acting recklessly with regard to the accuracy of its report, i.e., with  actual malice,  the order reads. CNN had tried to get the case dismissed.  LawNewz
MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - Mexican authorities on Wednesday arrested a former high-ranking official of President Enrique Pena Nieto s party in a corruption investigation in the northern state of Chihuahua, the state s governor said. The arrest extends a streak of corruption allegations dogging the ruling Institutional Revolutionary Party (PRI), with four former governors arrested on such charges this year. Entrenched corruption is expected to be a key issue in the runup to Mexico s next presidential election in 2018. Alejandro Gutierrez, who was the adjunct secretary to the presidency of the PRI, was arrested in a joint operation by state and federal police, Chihuahua Governor Javier Corral wrote in a post on Facebook. The Chihuahua prosecutor s office accused Gutierrez of participating in a  sophisticated scheme  to divert public funds of 250 million pesos ($13 million) earmarked for educational programs in 2016. Gutierrez will present himself before a judge early Thursday, the office said in a statement. This week, Mexican newspaper Reforma published reports on an alleged Chihuahua corruption scheme to funnel the money into the PRI s campaign fund, through avenues such as fake contracts for workshops for parents and expensive software. The reports were based on testimony to prosecutors by former state finance minister Jaime Herrera that the paper obtained.  Gutierrez  arrest took place in Coahuila. This week, he rejected allegations against him in an interview with Mexican newspaper Vanguardia, saying he was considering suing for defamation.  I am thinking, I will have to look into it, if I initiate some legal proceeding,  he said.  I do not know, I repeat to you, I did not know not even one official, nor ex-official, of finances... I see things that are absolutely false.  Gutierrez  arrest  contributes to the clearing up of the crimes of political corruption that have been attributed to the former governor, C sar Duarte J quez,  said Corral, of the National Action Party.   The government is determining whether others should be held responsible for the funneling of funds to PRI coffers in 2016, Corral added. In March, a Mexican judge issued an arrest warrant for Duarte on suspicion of embezzlement. Corral has said he is a fugitive from justice. A spokesman for the PRI did not immediately respond to a request for comment. The PRI was routed in 2016 regional elections, losing several of its bastions, including the states of Veracruz, Tamaulipas and Quintana Roo, as voters expressed discontent over a series of graft scandals.  
The Obama administration s well guarded Osama bin Laden documents were released on Wednesday by CIA director Mike Pompeo. The documents were seized in a raid after U.S. SEAL Rob O Neill killed Osama bin Laden. The Obama administration basically politicized the intelligence agencies when they hand-picked just a few of the 470,000 documents to release. They hid damning evidence that could have hurt Obama s chance at reelection in 2012 .OBAMA RAN THE CLOCK OUT AL QAEDA WAS NOT  ON THE RUN :Steve Hayes of the Weekly Standard:  In a manner of speaking, Barack Obama wanted what al Qaeda already had: a mutually beneficial partnership with Tehran. Revealing to the American people the truth about Osama bin Laden s cozy working relationship with the Iranian government might have fatally undermined that diplomatic quest, just as the ongoing vitality of al Qaeda, amply testified to in the bin Laden documents, would have contradicted Obama s proud claims in 2012 that al Qaeda was  on the run.  So Obama, with the eager cooperation of some in the intelligence community, bottled up the bin Laden documents and ran out the clock.IRAN S CLOSE TIES TO AL QAEDA COULD HURT THE IRAN DEAL:Within the documents is an assessment by a senior jihadist with al Qaeda   Tehran ties: how Iran supplied  everything needed,  including  money, arms  and  training in Hezbollah camps in Lebanon,  including safe haven for other jihadis, the New York Post reported.The assessment is raising questions as to how much then-President Obama knew about Iran s ties to al Qaeda before making his controversial deal. And it points to the reason why the former administration might have kept the documents under lock and key.The Obama White House had this information for five years before making the nuclear deal that critics argued would ultimately make it easier for the terror state to build nuclear weapons. Bin Laden had called Iran a  main artery for funds, personnel and communication  for al Qaeda, the Post reported.That wasn t the only suspicious dealing Obama had with Iran. In August 2016, Republicans were furious over a reported deal Obama had made to release American hostages in Iran.The former administration denied paying $400 million in  ransom  for the hostages, arguing that it was part of a legal settlement in a long-standing case. However, it was only the first of three payments to the Iranians totaling $1.3 billion that took place after the hostage release, as the Wall Street Journal disclosed. And strikingly, much of the case came by way of plane-loads of cash in international currencies.But the revelations about bin Laden and the former administration don t end there.MUSLIM BROTHERHOOD CONNECTIONS TO BIN LADEN:In one of the 10,000 videos files contained within the newly released documents, bin Laden is asked to name is his influences. The terrorist leader didn t hesitate, The National reported. From a religious aspect, I was committed within the Muslim Brotherhood. Bin Laden also suggested the Muslim Brotherhood sponsored his first trip as a young jihadi. It was the first time I travelled to a country where I did not know the language,  he writes.  I carried a pistol and went. The Brotherhood, they had poor knowledge about things. If they knew, I would not have had to travel through Syria to Antakya 12 hours by bus to reach Istanbul. It was easier from Jeddah to Istanbul by plane. Three hours by plane. MUSLIM BROTHERHOOD CONNECTIONS TO CLINTONS:Critics of the Muslim Brotherhood have long warned of its terror affiliation and infiltration into the West. One Brotherhood official Gehad el-Haddad was arrested two years ago in Cairo for inciting violence. El-Haddad (pictured below) previously worked as an executive for the Clinton Foundation. Via: BPR
As the Democratic Primary heats up heading into yet another  Super Tuesday   where Pennsylvania, Rhode Island, Maryland, Delaware and Connecticut will decide who to support for the 2016 presidential election, questions (and hostilities) are flaring up yet again over the designation of superdelegates.Questions remain whether or not Hillary Clinton will be able to amass the 2,383 delegates needed to secure a nomination without the support of superdelegates. Clinton s campaign says they are not worried about falling short, but Jane Sanders, wife of presidential candidate Bernie Sanders, thinks otherwise. However, after a crushing blow in New York, team Sanders has had to come up with a new strategy if they hope to win the nomination   that strategy, according to reports, is to persuade superdelegates to back him, a move the Clinton campaign has cried foul on.But in all, it really doesn t matter one way or another. What many people may not know is the superdelegate system, since its introduction in the 1984 election, has never determined who the Democratic nominee is.That s right. Superdelegates have never been responsible for putting Walter Mondale, Michael Dukakis, Bill Clinton, Al Gore, John Kerry or Barack Obama on the national stage for the general election. In 2008, the primary showdown between Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton was even closer than it is now, and still superdelegates weren t responsible for Obama s win.While appearing on Fox News with Maria Bartiromo, Debbie Wasserman Schultz, head of the DNC and a congresswoman from Florida, reminded audiences of this crucial fact, as hostility intensifies within the party.Politifact decided to fact check this claim, using information and second opinions from a multitude of political scientists, and concluded that Wasserman Schultz is right (with one little detail left out), and gave the rating as  Mostly True,  writing:The first election where Democrats used superdelegates was in 1984, where they helped Mondale secure the nomination on the first ballot at the convention. It s not clear that they were the  determining  factor. Some say Mondale would have won without them.Since that time, a Democrat has won the nomination early enough where the superdelegates haven t mattered.What that means is the elections between two candidates (or more) in the Democratic primary have never been so close that superdelegates were needed to break the  tie  or push one candidate over the edge to victory. By the time the conventions have rolled around, it s been clear who the people (and pledged delegates) have picked.Only Mondale got help with superdelegates, but sources differ on whether they determined his win.Essentially, the superdelegates have been a symbolic vote by those within the Democratic ranks as to see which direction they want the party to head in. But why should we have them, then? According to the Wasserman Schultz, their purpose is to make sure that party activists who want to be delegates to the convention don t have to run against much better-known and well-established people at the district level. So whether or not you love them or hate them, just remember they have never been responsible for nominating the candidate you love or hate. Featured image via Justin Sullivan/Getty Images
Shawn Helton 21st Century WireAnother active-shooter  false alarm  made the headlines this past week, as war propaganda images continue be dispensed by Western media   multiple narratives that have contributed to an environment of confusion, fear and uncertainty in the War On Terror era.The timing of these current events cannot be overstated, revealing a deeper social engineering agenda at play underneath the larger geopolitical drama unfolding worldwide   PULP FICTION    Photo illustration 21WIRE s Shawn Helton The Nonexistent Shooter &  Loud Noises This past weekend, according reports, another  active shooter  scenario played out at LAX International Airport, a story which dovetailed an alleged active-shooter hoax at JFK International Airport earlier in August. CBS s Los Angeles affiliate CBSLA, described the latest incident at LAX in the following passage: The LAX Airport Police Department on Sunday discounted reports of a shooter at the airport saying loud noises apparently set off a panic. Several terminals were evacuated. Many people went on social media to say they were standing on the tarmac surrounded by tons of police.The incident was first reported just after 8:30 p.m.The LA Airport PD cannot confirm an active shooter was ever identified. The CBS article continued by discussing eyewitness accounts of the alleged active shooter event at LAX, as well as JFK airport, two incidents which oddly resulted in the same bizarre conclusion out of law enforcement   as the panic was supposedly caused by loud noise: Earlier this month, JFK officials said an elaborate hoax was perpetuated there, as well. Reports of a shooter at JFK were discounted as bogus, according to the New York Times.KCAL9 Anchor Leyna Nguyen was at the airport returning to Los Angeles from Atlanta. She said it was  surreal  to see so many people running.LAFD is also on scene investigating and noted  no significant incident has been noted thus far  as of 8:47 p.m.At of 9:40 p.m., police officially said there was no shooter and no incident. It will still take some time to re-screen all the passengers, officials said. Interestingly, even though individual accounts of this week s LAX event varied, a Yahoo News reporter named JP Mangalindan, stated that he was in the terminal at the time of the shooting. However, following the panic inducing incident, he posted to social media with the following message, after police had already confirmed there was  no shooter  two hours earlier: Shooters at LAX running around. Cops running around. I m down on the ground,  at 11:51pm.Question: Why would Mangalindan state that multiple shooter s were  running around  at 11:51pm when cops disclosed that the situation was basically a non-incident by 9:40pm?It s possible that Mangalindan was confused during the heat of the moment but however you look at it, his messages may have caused additional panic, potentially creating a greater risk for passengers fleeing the airport to safety.Here s a string of tweets confirming Mangalindan continued to heighten the situation from inside LAX Eventually Mangalindan conceded that the event was in fact a false alarm (was this a potential drill?) at 1:08am, according to the Daily Mail  as he readied himself for a future pizza delivery.As this story rapidly unfolded, there proved to be other bizarre aspects associated with the official narrative, as a man dressed as the fictional character Zorro (armed with a plastic sword), was initially apprehended in dramatic fashion following the reported active shooter scenario at LAX. He was then promptly released by authorities after the strange incident.  ZORRO?    An unidentified actor dressed as Zorro was an initial suspect during an active-shooter alarm at LAX. (Image Source: Daily Mail)Active Shooter or Live Drill?The Daily Mail described the LAX false alarm in the following manner: An actor returning from an audition dressed as masked hero Zorro, complete with plastic sword, shut down LAX airport and sparked fear of an active shooter situation on Sunday night.The unidentified, middle-aged black man dressed in an all black satin costume with gloves, hat and large belt was apprehended on a bench as he waited  for a ride home .Police were initially responding to claims that a man had opened fire near a baggage reclaim, and set about evacuating thousands of passengers and grounding flights.After a thorough search and the eventual arrest of the costumed man outside a terminal, LAPD admitted the entire incident was a false alarm. The Daily Mail article continued by adding that, LAX also tweeted that the reports of a shooting had not been confirmed and police were investigating, before adding which parts of the airport have been shut. Upper/Departures & Lower/Arrivals levels of Central Terminal Area (CTA) closed. Pls check w/ airlines if heading to LAX (sic),  a tweet read. Was it possible that the event at LAX was a drill?  EVACUATION    Passengers ordered to evacuate after reports of an active-shooter at LAX. (Image Source: twitter)LAX International Airport is no stranger to active shooter situations and drills Back in 2002 according to reports,  Hesham Mohamed Hadayet [a person previously known to Egyptian authorities with multiple ID s] 41, went to the ticketing counter of El Al, Israel s national airline, at Los Angeles International Airport July 4 carrying two handguns and a hunting knife. He opened fire at midmorning, killing two people and wounding three others before he was killed by an El Al security guard. The incident occurred days after the airport was slated for a $9.6 billion airport security  redesign proposal,  something that would require passengers to go through screening prior to reaching their terminal for boarding a plane. The event conveniently underscored new security measures put in place after 9/11, insuring the continued growth of the TSA. Additionally, the Hadayet shooting displayed many of the conflicting aspects reported following other high profile shootings today.In 2013 21WIRE reported that the LAPD conducted an  active shooter drill  in October with the Los Angeles Airport Police Department at the L.A./Ontario International Airport, acting out an almost exact scenario that played out during a TSA-related shooting at LAX in November.According to a report by the San Bernardino Sun, written by Doug Saunders, the active shooter drill had an  armed man  shooting  three people  before officers locked down the scene.  THE AIRPORT SHOOTER    LAPD shooting drill at L.A./Ontario International Airport, month prior to LAX shooting in November of  2013.Setting the StageFollowing a major LAPD airport drill a month earlier, it was reported that Paul Ciancia moved through a crowded LAX airport terminal asking people if they were  TSA  agents or not, supposedly letting go those who were not agents prior to opening fire.It was also alleged that Ciancia, was carrying  anti-government and anti-TSA  writings contained in a bag on his person, one such paper was even an apparent reference to the global conspiracy meme NWO (New World Order), adding a conspiratorial twist to the dramatic shootout.All too often we see the  stage persona of any alleged killer being touted as hard evidence, despite the fact that even strong circumstantial evidence of any apparent crime would likely result in many hours of analysis and debate, potentially without a definitive conclusion, even if the evidence eventually reached a court room setting.Mass media appeared to have worked out their own formula for laying out a familiar series of polarizing political points in the aftermath of this  tragic  mass-shooting, as they have with many others since. Appearing once again, to purposefully redirect the public to look at a ready-made laundry list of hateful rhetoric and random writings as an ironclad motive for the crime. Rapidly descending into an overindulgent barrage of media speculation and theorizing.  UNNATURAL BLOOD    Incredibly thick, red acrylic paint-like blood appears next to what is meant to be the  shooter    allegedly a person said to be Paul Ciancia. The image in question was initially released by the NY POST immediately after the incident.Some critics of the event stated that Ciancia s blood could have been mixed with a coagulant called Celox, noting that this blood also looked suspiciously like the blood left at scene of the Boston Bombing.Watch the LAPD describe 2013 s dramatic TSA involved shooting which was allegedly carried out by Paul Ciancia Not more than 3 weeks ago  we practiced the exact scenario that played out today   we played out today.    the LAPD s response to 2013 s LAX shooting The photographs below were obtained from a Facebook page by the name of Team LAX that was referenced in an article by Digital Journalism Saturday, November 2nd, 2013.The Team Lax page, is the official event page for the LAX Airport Police and the images below were posted on October 8th of 2013. Here s a description of the photos from the same post on Facebook: As we posted previously, this past weekend Airport Police officers participated in an active shooter drill at Ontario Airport. An integral part of this training were the many volunteers who brought reality to the scenario by acting as victims. These  victims  were actually Youth Cadets from Airport Police and several divisions of the LAPD. The LAPD cadets came from the following divisions: Pacific, Hollenbeck, Southwest, Mission, Devonshire, Hollywood, West L.A., Topanga, Central, Rampart, Wilshire and 77th. Leading the cadets were Youth Services Officers (YSO s), William Lara and Ericka Holliday from LAXPD and LAPD Sgt. Stephen Showler, Pacific Division Training Coordinator. 69 cadets participated on Saturday and 115 on Sunday. We d like to thank all the Youth Cadets for their participation and boundless energy in making this training so realistic for our officers.   MOCK SHOOTING    Youth Cadets with L.A. airport police act out an  active shooter drill  in October of 2013. (Image Source: SocioEconomic History).The actors used in these  drills  (photo, above) might as well be mannequins, because the idea that you can recreate a real-life defensive strategy from a choreographed shooting scenario is far-fetched, especially when you consider the video game, Hollywood film style, hair-trigger,  shoot first  narrative repetitively on observed during these staged events   offering very little in terms of a defensive game plan.There is no question that active shooter drills have been used to get the public to accept and acquiesce to new  rules of engagement  in the War On Terror era and arguably, they ve flatlined in terms of public safety   while continuing the steady growth of the security apparatus in America and abroad.  SHELTER IN PLACE    The strange scripted scene at JFK International Airport in August after false reports of an active shooter running loose. (Image Source: mashable)The Panic RoomWhile the recent LAX/JFK airport active shooter situations were fear inducing in and of themselves, we once again saw the larger role played by mass media in distorting fact, which was also on display earlier this summer, when they inaccurately claimed there was an active shooter at a US military facility.In July of 2016, while US media including ABC, CNN and other   went into a code orange alert mode for over 2 and a half hours, 21WIRE had already recognized that an apparent  active shooter  situation at Joint Base Andrews was only a drill, and called it correctly when the news first broke.Here s a passage from 21WIRE discussing the nature of the Joint Base Andrews drill: We re told that initial reports of a  active shooter  were prompted by an emergency 911 call to outside law enforcement about a gunman seen on the base. The fact that this alleged  distress call  came from a  staff member  at the Malcolm Grow Medical Facility located inside Andrews (one of the country s most secure closed military facilities) should have raised some pertinent questions   like why base security were not informed first, as one would expect. Furthermore, any reports by the US mainstream media characterizing the event as a genuine  active shooter  crisis should have been immediately squashed by the fact that Joint Base Andrews was also running a no-notice  Active Shooter Exercise scheduled for 9am that morning. Sadly, this did not happen, and all US media outlets began their crisis reporting   complete with the usual panel of security  experts  and  justice correspondents on CNN and other mainstream networks. In an article from the LA Times, we see that the controversial think-tank Rand Corporation is observing the psychological effects of mass shooter/active shooter situations, no doubt gauging the social engineering aspects of these events: For all the investments in post-9/11 security improvements and training, the confusion and chaos stemming from a false report of violence can actually be harder to handle than dealing with a gunman, officials say. The hunt for a gunman takes much longer when there is no one to find. To keep people calm, you d like to say that there s nothing going on, but you don t know that, and you can t say that,  said Brian Jenkins, a security and terrorism expert at Rand Corp., the Santa Monica think tank. People do unpredictable things in panic situations. Adding to the danger of these modern active shooter events, it was recently reported that local law enforcement in Punta Gorda, Florida, accidentally used live rounds during a so-called  shoot/don t shoot  scenario, fatally shooting one woman participating in the drill that suddenly went live. Punta Gorda Police Department (Facebook)Staged Propaganda, False Imagery & Embedded Journo s As staged active shooter drills and mass casualty incidents have become the norm, we ve also seen an escalation in war time images meant to polarize the public, something aimed at shifting attitudes politically.In February 2015, 21WIRE reported how British journalist John Cantlie s video message  From Inside Aleppo  was part of an elaborate PR effort to  humanize  ISIS and its future generation of fighters. The decidedly pro-ISIS video was heavily promoted by the intelligence group SITE as well as the ISIS media arm, Al Hayat Media Center.Mainstream pundits and broadcast journalists maintain that  Cantlie  is and was under duress, having been forced into operating as a crack reporter for the ISIS terror brand. The narrative borders on the ridiculous, yet it has been totally accepted without question.Cantlie s prominent role in the YouTube video series  Lend Me Your Ears,  prompted some in new media circles to question the British journo, along with his links to USAID connected reporter, James Foley   one of the as of yet, forensically unproven deaths at the hands of the estranged terror persona Jihadi John .Nothing in the video appeared to be authentic, as Cantlie failed to disclose the true nature of the West s role in inciting terror in the region, through its various  arms trafficking and  Train and Equip  programs linked to so-called  moderate  rebels in Syria.Recently, 21WIRE contributor Branko Mali  of Kali Tribune, deconstructed another active Gladio-style shooting in Munich, Germany, and its apparent relation to the bizarre incident in Nice, France. In fact, rather uncannily, journalist Richard Gutjahr, was in France to capture the white lorry truck rampage on Bastille Day as well as the strange shooting incident in Munich. Here s a passage from his report, an article which outlines deep media and political ties: He [Richard Gutjahr] is a M nchen based journalist, talk show moderator, blogger and  new media technologies  enthusiast, currently employed by Bavarian TV company, BR 24. For uninitiated into Gutjahr s impressive, if somewhat bizarre, CV his name will probably remain in memory simply because he decided to visit Nice for an  extended weekend  to experience the July, 14. Bastille Day celebration and, quite accidentally, found himself on the balcony of his hotel room, when white lorry driver commenced his rampage. While driving through M nchen, Richard got the call from a friend informing him that there s a shootout in the Olympia-Einkaufszentrum.The whole episode reminds one of Goran Tomasevic, a Serbian photographer who works with Reuters and has also captured pivotal political events over the past 20 years, such as his picture of a U.S. Marine witnessing the toppling of a Saddam Hussein statue, the Arab Spring, so-called moderates in Aleppo and the suspiciously staged Westgate Mall massacre in Kenya in 2013.Similarly, new forms of subliminally arresting and deceptive propaganda have appeared recently in Western media and more broadly, over the past year from NGOs linked to the military alliance NATO and to known Islamist terrorist groups.Over the last two weeks, an emotionally charged scene supposedly depicting a Syrian child rescued after an airstrike became a polarizing story exploited by Western media.Here we see 21WIRE contributor, Jay Dyer of Jay s Analysis discuss the dust boy propaganda Aleppo Syria  Dust Boy  Image StagedWhile watching the entire video footage of the event, the dust-covered boy who appears to be bleeding after an apparent airstrike (yet the blood has already coagulated) is left unattended, as he is oddly propped up in an ambulance seat while being photographed by Mahmoud Raslan   an alleged  media activist  who has been seen fraternizing with terrorist groups in Aleppo. This has prompting some critics to charge that Raslan may actually be linked to the White Helmets, a group funded largely by NATO and an NGO embedded with Al-Qaeda members, who regularly dispense staged humanitarian media images and video for public consumption.From this information, we might observe that the recent so-called rescue operation in Aleppo, was specifically produced for maximum emotional impact and internet viral capability, and always dovetailing with the West s regime change plot in Syria   with the support of a so-called  first-responder  or  human rights  NGO.The strange and disembodied footage of a blood and dust-covered boy, was also reminiscent of last year s migrant crisis image of a child washed ashore   yet the mainstream media failed to question the geopolitical angle behind the photograph as well as the engineered migrant crisis itself.In many ways, this type of drive-by  shock and awe  imagery is linked to past political staging in the Middle East, as well as other hotbed areas around the world. STAGING WAR    An allegedly staged war image from the Ukraine. (Image Source: rt)It was also recently revealed that a war image in the Ukraine had supposedly been staged just as things have been politically been heating up in that region. RT explains:The dramatic picture in question which went viral this month shows two Ukrainian soldiers, carrying their wounded comrade, while a huge explosion is visible behind their backs, sending a plume of smoke into the air.The author of the photo Dmitry Muravsky, an amateur photographer who served as an adviser to the Ukrainian Defense Minister claimed it was made on June 4 in the village of Shirokino, located on the firing line between the government forces and rebels in east Ukraine.However in an open letter signed by numerous Ukrainian journalists and photographers, people claimed it was a fake and said they strongly condemn such manipulative activities. Interestingly, in 2014, The UK s Express discussed a book entitled Five Came Back by movie historian Mark Harris that revealed a handful of legendary Hollywood directors had  faked combat footage in  Second World War documentaries that have been considered genuine for almost 70 years. John Ford, John Huston, Frank Capra, William Wyler and George  Stevens all enlisted despite their  glittering Hollywood lifestyles and joined other filmmakers recording the Allied advance across occupied Europe and in the Pacific.Their films were allegedly created to  boost morale among troops and cinema audiences  the world over, including apparently staging much of the epic scenes during the Pearl Harbor attack in 1944.Additionally, the report states that  Decades later both Capra and Huston admitted in interviews that some of their bogus work was  disgraceful  but  Huston was less frank publicly about the authenticity of his acclaimed documentary The  Battle Of San Pietro, which, in 1991, was selected for America s  prestigious National Film Registry of the Library of Congress because it was considered historically significant. The West continues to see a media blitz of false, fake and doctored criminality often masking many real-life conspiracies READ MORE DAILY SHOOTER NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Daily Shooter Files 
 
 Disrupt the Inauguration. The Majority have spoken   by nearly 2.7 million votes &counting! Silence is not an option https://t.co/HSmP3pREvy  Michael Moore (@MMFlint) December 7, 2016On Friday, January 20, 2017, Donald Trump will be inaugurated as President of the United States.We call on all people of good conscience to join in disrupting the ceremonies. If Trump is to be inaugurated at all, let it happen behind closed doors, showing the true face of the security state Trump will preside over. It must be made clear to the whole world that the vast majority of people in the United States do not support his presidency or consent to his rule.Even though he won in a landslide. Have you seen the map?Trump stands for tyranny, greed, and misogyny. He is the champion of neo-nazis and white Nationalists, of the police who kill the Black, Brown and poor on a daily basis, of racist border agents and sadistic prison guards, of the FBI and NSA who tap your phone and read your email.He is the harbinger of even more climate catastrophe, deportation, discrimination, and endless war. He continues to deny the existence of climate change, in spite of all the evidence, putting the future of the whole human race at stake.The KKK, Vladimir Putin, Golden Dawn, and the Islamic State all cheered his victory. If we let his inauguration go unchallenged, we are opening the door to the future they envision.OOPS Wrong again! It looks like ISIS has the same, or similar plans:Trump s success confirms the bankruptcy of representative democracy. Rather than using the democratic process as an alibi for inaction, we must show that no election could legitimize his agenda. Neither the Democrats nor any other political party or politician will save us they just offer a weaker version of the same thing. If there is going to be a positive change in this society, we have to make it ourselves, together, through direct action.From day one, the Trump presidency will be a disaster. #DisruptJ20 will be the start of the resistance. We must take to the streets and protest, blockade, disrupt, intervene, sit in, walk out, rise up, and make more noise and good trouble than the establishment can bear. The parade must be stopped. We must delegitimize Trump and all he represents. It s time to defend ourselves, our loved ones, and the world that sustains us as if our lives depend on it because they do.Somewhere in America there s a straight jacket with media whore Michael Moore s name on it 
You might just die of cute when you see the video the White House just posted. 106-year-old Virginia McLaurin had always dreamed of going to the White House. Her dream was just fulfilled, and she got to dance with President Obama and the First Lady. They laugh, they joke, and she is just so excited. The Obamas compliment her beautiful manicure, and she expresses just the most ecstatic happiness. She says she is there to celebrate Black History Month. The White House just posted the video with the caption:What s the secret to still dancing at 106? Watch 106-year-old Virginia McLaurin fulfill her dream of visiting the White House and meeting President Obama. #BlackHistoryMonthAnd here is the embed of the post:// < ![CDATA[ // < ![CDATA[ // < ![CDATA[ // < ![CDATA[ (function(d, s, id) { var js, fjs = d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0]; if (d.getElementById(id)) return; js = d.createElement(s); js.id = id; js.src = "//connect.facebook.net/en_US/sdk.js#xfbml=1&#038;version=v2.3"; fjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js, fjs);}(document, 'script', 'facebook-jssdk')); // ]]&gt;What s the secret to still dancing at 106? Watch 106-year-old Virginia McLaurin fulfill her dream of visiting the White House and meeting President Obama. #BlackHistoryMonthPosted by The White House on Sunday, February 21, 2016This is just another reason in a VERY long line to love our current First Family, and why we will miss them so much.Congratulations on fulfilling a lifelong dream, Mrs. McLaurin.Featured image via video screen capture
 Barry, the Democratic party has done nothing for the black American. Your presidency has proved that. And you re going to call us disrespectful if we don t vote for Hillary? I m insulted you even asked Barry. https://twitter.com/hectormorenco/status/780254967273693185Obama's Legacy: Almost 8 years of Violence, rioting, looting & burning down communities. Time 4 real change. Everyone Should vote Trump!  Diamond and Silk  (@DiamondandSilk) September 22, 2016Obama's legacy of hate and racism is about to end, in 50 days @POTUS  MT Gilbert (@tponews) September 20, 2016Since Obama has come into office terrorist attacks and race riots have become a regular occurrence. Hillary will only continue this legacy.  Hispanics for Trump (@HispanicsTrump) September 23, 2016Here s angry Obama threatening the Black community to vote for him:https://twitter.com/P0TUSTrump/status/777707415601049600Here is a brilliant response to Obama s threat by an outspoken black critic of Obama s insulting presidency:Here are more responses to Obama s angry demand that minorities support Hillary, lest he be  insulted .LOL!SeriouslyWe're not slaves anymore. No Obama, we're not voting for Clinton bc of your legacy honey. Put the pipe down #CrackIsWack  RejoiceMagazine.net (@TemiaBrinson) September 19, 2016Obama claims that Trump is out to ruin his legacy, no honey, Trump is out to #MAGA. You ruined your own legacy by being a terrible president  Black Women 4 Trump (@TallahForTrump) September 18, 2016I'm insulted by Obama more concerned about his damn legacy! What? Transgendered toilets?  Ex-Dem Latina (@terrymendozer) September 19, 2016https://twitter.com/P0TUSTrump/status/776625654762725376As an added bonus, we ve included a few additional remarks from American voters about Barack s legacy:LIST: The Race Riots  https://t.co/lM7Kye9lxw  DRUDGE REPORT (@DRUDGE_REPORT) September 25, 2016https://twitter.com/CajunKangaroo/status/779830457445781504You cut a deal to ransom Americans from Iran, Obama.You funnelled > a BILLION dollars to our ENEMY.This is your 'legacy?'Enjoy.  Linda Suhler, Ph.D. (@LindaSuhler) September 23, 2016https://twitter.com/NolteNC/status/780001984522977280Obamacare is imploding, Obama.In six years you single-handedly destroyed America's healthcare system.Some 'legacy.'Enjoy.  Linda Suhler, Ph.D. (@LindaSuhler) September 23, 2016Let us know if we missed anything in the comment section below. 
This is hysterical, but sadly it s not far-fetched at all!I took down my Rebel flag (which you can t buy on e-bay any more) and peeled the NRA sticker off the front door.  I disconnected my home alarm system and quit the candy-ass Neighborhood Watch. I bought two Pakistani flags and put one at each corner of the front yard. Then I purchased the black flag of ISIS (which you CAN buy on e-bay) and put it in the CENTER of the yard.  Now, the local police, sheriff, FBI, CIA, NSA, Homeland Security, Secret Service and other agencies are all watching the house 24/7.I ve NEVER felt safer and I m saving $69.95 a month that ADT charged me.Plus, I bought burkas for my family when we shop or travel. Everyone moves out of way and security can t pat us down  Safe at last   only in USA!
NEW YORK (Reuters) - A sluggish forecast for U.S. economic growth as well as an increase in U.S. states’ Medicaid and pension contribution costs is creating a budgetary squeeze in many state capitols, according to a research report issued by S&P Global Ratings on Monday.  While the risk of a recession within the next 12 months has fallen into a 15-20 percent range from 20-25 percent, the rate of economic expansion “is expected to remain fairly anemic at 1.8 percent over the longer term (roughly 10 years), well below the 3.0 percent average growth rate that prevailed from 1980 to 2000,” the report said. “And while the risk that federal policy could trigger a recession has eased, the potential for a dramatic scaling-back of federal aid for Medicaid has never been greater,” the report said. The slow-growth economy is producing sluggish revenue trends for the states, said Gabriel Petek, an analyst at S&P, in a telephone interview.  S&P does not expect Washington will enact a federally funded public infrastructure package in the next two years, which will put further stresses on state budget management. Addressing deferred maintenance and inadequate capacity in public infrastructure will depend heavily on state and local government solutions, the report said. Without a possible bump in growth from a federal infrastructure package, projected GDP growth for 2017 was lowered to 2.2 percent from 2.3 percent, the report said. “Anything that is done at the federal level would imply that more of the burden has to be picked up by the state and local government level in the area of infrastructure investment,” Petek said. The report added that the U.S. mid-Atlantic region (New Jersey, New York and Pennsylvania) will have the slowest growing economy compared to other regions. Real GDP growth for the region is projected at 1.25 percent for 2017, the report said. The best performing region forecast for the current year, with an economic growth forecast of 2.88 percent is the Mountain region (Arizona, Colorado, Idaho, Montana, Nevada, New Mexico, Utah, Wyoming). Overall, regional economies growth rates are expected to peak in 2018 before some of those gains ebb, the report’s data showed. The best performing region forecast for 2018 are the states in the West South Central region (Texas, Oklahoma, Louisiana, Arkansas) with a combined growth rate of 3.36 percent, followed closely by the Mountain region at 3.29 percent and Pacific region at 2.93 percent. 
The Panama Papers recently exposed the worst of the worst in our world -rich, entitled moguls who hide their money in offshore accounts in order to avoid paying their fair share in taxes.This should have come as no surprise, considering this tactic is a staple of crony capitalism. Right now, a crony capitalist is the nominee for the Republican Party   Donald Trump.Recently, Trump has been dodging and flat out refusing to release his much anticipated tax returns   even though the chief of the IRS has debunked Trump s pathetic excuses as to why he s not releasing them, and news outlets have speculated that the delay is because he really isn t as rich as he says it is.There is another theory though, which would perfectly explain his reluctance to show th American public the financial records regarding his  empire    he has a huge hand in the Panama Papers.As Telesur reports have shown, Donald Trump has a direct or indirect link to 32 companies exposed for unethical shenanigans in the papers. One of his personal entities, the Trump Ocean Club International Hotel and Tower in Panama, is listed. In total, financial big wigs referenced Trump a total of 3,540 times.It is important to note that because Trump sold his  name  (aka his brand) to thousands of investors all across the world, these honorable mentions don t necessarily mean he has had any direct involvement in the unethical, shady and seemingly illegal practices associated with the 140 powerful politicians and business elites involved.But it does seem odd that Trump s name appears quite frequently and he refuses to release any tax information until after the election (which he assumes he ll win).While the mainstream media has appeared silent on the issue due to their inherit bias in favor of the GOP frontrunner, some outlets have had the  audacity  to ask questions. While Trump goes across the country telling all his minions how  huge  his proposals (or lack thereof) are, little do they know he might be involved in one of the biggest fraudulent endeavors in world history.Trump is hiding something big or lying about how much he s worth. Either way, he has backed himself into a corner he can t get out of. And people say Hillary Clinton is the untrustworthy one?Featured image via Mark Lyons/Getty Images
(Reuters) - The attorneys general of Maryland and the District of Columbia filed a lawsuit on Monday claiming that government payments to President Donald Trump’s businesses violate the U.S. Constitution. Payments to the president’s enterprises from foreign and domestic governments through his hospitality empire draw business away from Maryland and D.C. venues and put local governments under pressure to give Trump-owned businesses special treatment, according to the complaint.  Foreign and domestic government payments to Trump’s businesses were the target of a similar lawsuit brought in January by plaintiffs including an ethics nonprofit group, and Democratic lawmakers have blasted them as potential corrupting influences on Trump. The Trump Organization has said it will donate profits from customers representing foreign governments to the U.S. Treasury but will not require the customers to identify themselves.  “Every time the president has spoken about drawing a line between his presidency and his businesses, he’s walked those promises back,” said D.C. Attorney General Karl Racine said at a news conference on Monday. The case by Racine and Maryland Attorney General Brian Frosh, both Democrats, has a better chance in court as the first government action over allegations that Trump, a Republican, violated the Constitution’s so-called emoluments clauses, legal experts said.  Democratic attorneys general have taken a lead role in challenging Trump policies, successfully blocking executive orders restricting travel from some Muslim-majority countries.  The Maryland and D.C. attorneys general are seeking an order in U.S. District Court in Maryland preventing Trump from continuing to receive government payments beyond his salary.  White House press secretary Sean Spicer on Monday rejected the claim that Trump’s business interests violated the Constitution and said “partisan politics” were behind the lawsuit. Trump’s lawyers will likely move to dismiss the case, he said. The Justice Department declined to comment.  Trump’s ownership in hundreds of businesses hurts Maryland and D.C. and violates “emoluments” clauses in the Constitution that bar the president from accepting gifts from foreign governments without congressional approval as well as from domestic governments under any circumstances, according to the  complaint.  While Trump turned over management of the umbrella Trump Organization in January to a trust controlled by his two elder sons, he still owns his businesses, including the Trump International Hotel in Washington, and can draw revenue from them at any time. The attorneys general argued they had standing to sue Trump because their citizens will be harmed if payments to Trump are used to influence his allocation of federal funds. They also said local hospitality companies, including state-owned facilities, are being harmed.  The Justice Department on Friday argued in the other lawsuit that the plaintiffs lacked legal standing to sue because they cannot allege enough specific harm caused by Trump’s businesses.  The attorneys general have a better chance of establishing standing, legal scholars said, although they are divided over whether the AGs will ultimately succeed. Plaintiffs typically only have standing to file lawsuits under federal law if they can show they have been injured and a court ruling would remedy the harm.  Fordham Law School Professor Jed Shugerman said state governments’ special duty to protect their citizens means they face a lower bar to standing in federal court, and the AG lawsuit should proceed.  However, Derek Muller, a professor at Pepperdine University School of Law, said it was unclear that this harm could be remedied by a favorable ruling.  The government has also said Trump hotel revenue does not fit the definition of an improper payment under the Constitution. Payments to Trump’s hotels do not qualify as a violation of the emoluments clause, which is intended to cover personal services performed by the president, the government said. “If the Justice Department is correct, the emoluments clause has no meaning whatsoever,” said Frosh, the Maryland official.  “The president can stand over here with his president of the United States hat and he’s not allowed to take payments. But he takes a step over here and puts on his businessman hat, they can funnel as much money to him as they want.” 
Take a good hard look America this is Bernie s utopia. The economic climate is so bad in Venezuela today that people are eating cats, dogs and pigeons.The Panama Post reported, via Townhall:Ram n Muchacho, Mayor of Chacao in Caracas, said the streets of the capital of Venezuela are filled with people killing animals for food.Through Twitter, Muchacho reported that in Venezuela, it is a  painful reality  that people  hunt cats, dogs and pigeons  to ease their hunger.People are also reportedly gathering vegetables from the ground and trash to eat as well.The crisis in Venezuela is worsening everyday due in part to shortages reaching 70 percent. This to go along with the world s highest level of inflation.The population s desperation has begun to show, with looting and robberies for food increasing all the time. This Sunday, May 1, six Venezuelan military officials were arrested for stealing goats to ease their hunger, as there was no food at the Fort Manaure military base.I'd like just one, principled "journalist" to ask Bernie Sanders "What went wrong in Venezuela https://t.co/WSbj4g9Uuo @realDonaldTrump   In God I Trust  (@InGodIDoTrust) May 10, 2016The week before, various regions of the country saw widespread looting of shopping malls, pharmacies, supermarkets and food trucks, all while people chanted  we are hungry. Via: Gateway Pundit 
Marco Rubio sounded so robotic during the last GOP debate that people are now trolling him by dressing up as robots.As you ll recall, Rubio had a terrible performance on Saturday night thanks to the efforts of New Jersey Governor Chris Christie. Christie nailed Rubio for repeating the same line over and over again in a matter of minutes as if the Florida Senator malfunctioned and became a broken record. Let s dispel once and for all with this fiction that Barack Obama doesn t know what he s doing,  Rubio said in response to Christie s charge that Rubio lacks the experience to be president.  He knows exactly what he s doing. Rubio would go on to repeat the line several more times. Let s dispel with this fiction that Barack Obama doesn t know what he s doing. He knows exactly what he s doing. Here s the bottom line. This notion that Barack Obama doesn t know what he s doing is just not true. He knows exactly what he s doing. Christie didn t let Rubio get away with it either. Christie accused Rubio of being scripted. This is what Washington D.C. does,  Christie said.  The drive-by shot at the beginning with incorrect and incomplete information and then the memorized 25-second speech. That is exactly what his advisers gave him. It was a disaster for Rubio, especially since he looked to be rising in the New Hampshire polls. But now, he s seen as a robot who is pre-programmed to say certain things.And he s not going to able to forget about his robotic blunder any time soon.Some clever people had the brilliant idea to troll Rubio by dressing up as robots. In the Twitter image below, you can see two guys in their robot gear. One is named Marco Roboto and the other is called Rubio Talking Point 3000.Outside Rubio s 1st NH event today, per @InesdLC:  Marco Roboto  +  Rubio Talking Point 3000,  from @American_Bridge pic.twitter.com/ISqYoSg9cP  Ben Siegel (@benyc) February 7, 2016As if the Republican primary couldn t get any stranger, we now have robots trolling the candidates and we have Marco Rubio to thank for it.Domo arigato, Marco Roboto. Featured image from Digital Journal
After being assaulted at a Donald Trump rally, allegedly by the candidates own campaign manager Corey Lewandowski, Breitbart reporter Michelle Fields isn t about to take the abuse lying down. In fact, amidst even Trump himself claiming Fields made the story up, she s filed charges against Lewandowski with the Jupiter, Florida police department where the incident took place.According to CNN:Police in Jupiter said they were looking into misdemeanor battery allegations. The police report, obtained by CNNMoney, identifies the complainant as Fields, but does not name a suspect. As for any suspect, that information is being investigated at this time,  Officer Adam Brown said.The police said the incident  occurred at 115 Eagle Tree Terrace (Trump National) on March 8, 2016. Fields simply wanted to ask Trump a question. However, seeing as the candidate likes to be able to control all aspects of media, including, but not limited to, throwing them in heavily secured pens at his events, Fields was grabbed very forcefully, even posting a picture of her bruised arm on social media.I guess these just magically appeared on me @CLewandowski_ @realDonaldTrump. So weird. pic.twitter.com/oD8c4D7tw3  Michelle Fields (@MichelleFields) March 10, 2016The campaign, of course, is denying any wrongdoing ever occurred with campaign spokeswoman Hope Hicks saying: The accusation, which has only been made in the media and never addressed directly with the campaign, is entirely false. With Trump even saying during the latest GOP debate: Perhaps she made the story up. I think that s what happened. However, according to CNN: Washington Post reporter Ben Terris says he witnessed the incident and identified Lewandowski as the person who grabbed her. The fact that this altercation happened at all is made far worse by the fact that not only is the campaign unwilling to apologize, they refuse to acknowledge it ever happened, insinuating Fields is a liar.Lewandowski, the man who allegedly assaulted her took the abuse even further by attacking Fields online by basically calling her a liar and/or that she was asking for it.Daily Caller reporter assaulted by NYPD during  Occupy  protests   professional reporting or attention seeking? https://t.co/FqOQQMvNcy  Corey Lewandowski (@CLewandowski_) March 10, 2016Michelle Fields is an attention seeker who once claimed Allen West groped her but later went silent. https://t.co/J86Ej42eYx  Corey Lewandowski (@CLewandowski_) March 10, 2016We're Calling Bullshit On Michelle Fields   GotNews https://t.co/VKpMaSLnmm  Corey Lewandowski (@CLewandowski_) March 10, 2016Lewandowski and the entirety of the Trump campaign are relentlessly abusive both online and in person, with Trump even calling for violence against protesters regularly.Good on Fields for filing charges. Hopefully this will be the first of many charges filed against an abusive campaign. The violence needs to stop and it needs to stop now. This permissiveness will only lead to more abuse if not something worse. Much worse. Enough is enough.Featured image: YouTube
RAQQA, Syria (Reuters) - U.S.-backed militias expect to push all Islamic State fighters out of their former Syrian headquarters of Raqqa in less than a month, a Kurdish commander told Reuters on Monday.  Under the banner of the Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF), the militias have hemmed the jihadists into a few districts in the north of the city. The Kurdish and Arab militias pushed into the city in June after fighting for months to encircle it with the help of U.S.-led jets and special forces.  As the noose tightens, the reaction of Daesh gets fiercer,  said Jihan Sheikh Ahmed, spokeswoman for the Raqqa offensive, using the Arabic acronym for Islamic State.  In the coming days, the battles will be at their most intense...   We expect, under our plan, that we will be able to liberate Raqqa in less than a month.  Islamic State has lost much of its territory in Syria this year under separate offensives by the SDF and the Russia-backed Syrian military. Its fighters have fallen back to its last major footholds, the cities and towns in the fertile strip along the Euphrates river downstream of Raqqa. The SDF said last week that, after seizing 80 percent of Raqqa, the battle for the city had entered its final stages.  With the Kurdish YPG militia at its forefront, the SDF has closed in from three directions. Islamic State militants put up tough resistance, planting scores of mines around their districts, Ahmed said.  SDF forces sought to  meet up from several axes  to squeeze the Islamic State enclave, said a field commander in the northeast of Raqqa. Shefkar Hemo said his fighters had faced fewer mortar shells and car bombs recently, with the jihadists relying more heavily on snipers.   The breach of enemy lines is clear on the ground... Daesh are hiding behind civilians,  he said.  Another field commander in the city said the latest phase of the battle had proved difficult. SDF officials estimate that 700-1,000 Islamic State fighters are holed up in a pocket in the city. Ahmed said she did not expect them to surrender and the SDF would never allow them passage out.  Thousands of civilians remain trapped there too, and Ahmed accused Islamic State snipers of targeting them.    Daesh is also entrenched in the National Hospital, which they consider a main position,  she said.  Our forces besieged the hospital,  but were being cautious to avoid damaging it, she said. Earlier this month, Physicians for Human Rights said that poorly-equipped hospital was the last medical facility operating in the city.  The New York-based group said intense bombing by the U.S.-led coalition had hit civilian facilities. The coalition says it is careful to avoid civilian casualties during bombing runs in Syria and neighboring Iraq.  The  caliphate  that Islamic State declared in 2014, spanning both countries, lost its de-facto Iraqi capital of Mosul in July when Iraqi forces took the city.  
While speaking at the G-7 Summit in Shima, Japan, President Obama directly called Trump out for his shenanigans and let everyone know that world leaders are  rattled  by Trump s presumptive Republican presidential nomination.Obama also noted Trump s clear priorities, which is that he seems to care more about sending out tweets and Twitter than actually focusing on real-world issues that will have a direct impact on not only the nation, but the entire world.The president said: I think it s fair to say they are surprised by the Republican nominee, they are not sure how seriously to take some of his pronouncements, but they re rattled by him, and for good reason  A lot of the proposals that he s made display either ignorance of world affairs or a cavalier attitude or an interest in getting tweets and headlines instead of actually thinking through what it is that s required to keep America safe, secure and prosperous, and what s required to keep the world on an even keel. The president implying Trump has an  ignorance of world affairs  is being too nice. Trump is utterly naive when it comes to foreign policy and diplomacy, and is, quite literally, a liability to overall geopolitics and international security.He also added: Things don t roll together so well if the United States is not making good decisions. Trump, of course, seemed flattered that the president would say that the world is  rattled  by is nomination, saying  that s good  that the world is mortified of him having the potential to be leader of the free world.The last thing the world needs is another bully.Now, more than ever, we as a nation to come together to make sure Donald Trump gets nowhere near the Oval Office. Not just for us, but for the entire world. Watch President Obama s remarks here:.@POTUS: World leaders  rattled  by @realDonaldTrump https://t.co/LpbDtQgYo9 pic.twitter.com/ZUxvhBv7wf  POLITICO (@politico) May 26, 2016Featured Photo by Drew Angerer/Getty Images
Right-wing radio s  high priestess of hate,  Laura Ingraham, has a few questions about military spending. Namely, she wants to know if taxpayers are still footing the bill for transgender people  to go and cut their private parts to death. On the Friday episode of Ingraham s radio show, she went on an offensive rant about how the U.S. military deals with medical care for those who may be transgender, and she wants some answers. What do you think about all that social experimentation they re doing in the military? They still going to pay for those for sex change surgeries in the military with taxpayer dollars? Aren t they   are they paying for those now, Drew? The operations for the people to go and cut their private parts to death and whatever they do? Wasn t that a push, they want the taxpayer dollars to pay for those sex change surgeries? What do you think old Mad Dog [Gen. James Mattis] is going to think about that? We ve got to cut, but not that way. Ingraham is known for her bigotry, particularly her racist attacks on President Obama. She also gave a nod to white supremacists when she gave a Nazi salute after her speech at the Republican National Convention. Not surprisingly, this has earned her the respect of Donald Trump, who is now considering Ingraham as a contender for White House Press Secretary.As our friends at Winning Democrats pointed out when it was announced that Trump was considering her to be his mouthpiece, Ingraham is also known for her anti-women stances:  Ingraham not only opposes a woman s right to choose, she attacked Anita Hill and worked to smear her for accusing Clarence Thomas of sexually assaulting her. Ingraham also called for defunding the Violence Against Women Act which helps fight domestic violence. Listen to Ingraham question how the military handles transgender healthcare here, beginning around the 6:50 mark:Featured image via Alex Wong/Getty Images
DUBAI (Reuters) - Saudi Foreign Minister Adel al-Jubeir said on Monday his country reserved the right to respond to Iran s  hostile actions , an apparent reference to a missile fired by Yemen s Houthis who Saudi Arabia says are armed by Iran. Jubeir also said on his Twitter account that Iranian interference in the region harms neighboring countries and international peace and security. 
This presidential election has been bringing everyone out of the woodwork to reveal their opinions on who is running. Especially in regards to Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump.One person who seems to be abundantly clear about his opinion on Trump is former Tonight Show host Jay Leno. Sitting down with The Hollywood Reporter, Leno revealed, in so many words, that Trump needs to have some sense knocked into him, and maybe, just maybe, he d be a better person for it.Leno told The Hollywood Reporter: I think this is the problem with Donald Trump. I don t think anybody has just ever beaten the crap out of him, so he has this attitude of  whatever.  When you have the crap beat out of you, you learn how to negotiate, you learn how to deal with people. You learn that kindness is the greatest virtue you can have.I know people that say  Shut the f ing door  and I know people who say  Is it cold in here?  If you say  Is it cold in here?  someone will shut the door for you, and you haven t annoyed anybody or pissed anybody off. And that s my attitude about life, just trying to be kind.When you are poor it s easy to be kind. When you are rich and famous, it s not that it s hard to be kind, but it s harder because people suddenly start catering to your eccentricities or whatever it might be. And that s just the thing, Trump seems to have never been in a situation in his life where he s been forced to be kind. He s so used to everyone bending over backwards to please him, that he doesn t seem to think that he actually should be kind to others in return. This would definitely explain his bully behavior, and how he feels so entitled to pretty much everything, including the White House.Note: This article in no way is suggesting that Trump should be harmed. It is just revealing what Jay Leno said in an interview.Featured image via Kevin Winter/Getty Images
As Addicting Info reported here, Donald Trump is very likely running the biggest campaign scam in American history.While Trump claims to be  self-funding  his campaign, the majority of the candidate s funding comes in the form of loans from Trump owned entities, rather than donations.In reality, Trump s campaign owes Donald Trump tens of millions of dollars. While he claims that the campaign won t be expected to pay the loans back, his most recent campaign filings with the FEC show that this money is still being treated as campaign debt.When Addicting Info first reported on Trump s self-funding scam in April, his campaign owed the candidate $17.5 million. At that time, loans to the campaign from Trump accounted for 70 percent of all contributions received.As NBC reports here, since the campaign s last filing with the FEC the amount owed to Donald Trump has more than doubled, now exceeding $43 million.In spite of Trump s assurances that the loans won t be paid back, this invitation to an upcoming fundraiser, obtained by the Los Angeles Times and published by NBC News here, raises even more suspicion about the loans.Image credit: Los Angeles Times via NBC NewsAccording to the information printed on the invitation, the first $2700 of each donation received during the fundraiser is designated for the Trump campaign to use in the primary election.NBC News verified that the information printed on the invitation is accurate.Since the republican primary election is over, it would seem that the only reason to continue raising money for Trump s primary campaign is to pay off his earlier campaign debts, all of which are owned by the candidate himself.As we reported here, Trump once vowed to be the first presidential candidate to make a profit from his campaign.There is nothing stopping Trump from using future donations to pay himself back for the loans he s made to his own campaign, with interest.The latest FEC filings, along with the details of his fundraising activities, suggest that that s exactly what he s planning to do.Photo by Joe Raedle/Getty Images
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Democratic members of the U.S. Congress called on Monday for the creation of an independent commission to investigate Russia’s attempts to intervene in the 2016 election, similar to the Sept. 11 panel that probed the 2001 attacks on the United States. Their “Protecting our Democracy Act” would create a 12-member, bipartisan independent panel to interview witnesses, obtain documents, issue subpoenas and receive public testimony to examine attempts by Moscow and any other entities to influence the election. The panel members would not be members of Congress. The legislation is one of many calls by lawmakers to look into Russian involvement in the contest, in which Republican Donald Trump defeated Democrat Hillary Clinton in the White House race, confounding opinion polls. Republicans also kept control of the Senate and House of Representatives by larger-than-expected margins. U.S. intelligence agencies on Friday released a report saying that Russian President Vladimir Putin ordered an effort to help Trump’s electoral chances by discrediting Clinton. Russia has denied the hacking allegations. A Kremlin spokesman said Monday they were “reminiscent of a witch-hunt.” “There is no question that Russia attacked us,” Senator Ben Cardin, the top Democrat on the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, told a news conference.        Versions of the bill were introduced in both the Senate and House. In the Senate it has 10 sponsors. In the House it is backed by every member of the Democratic caucus, said Representative Elijah Cummings, the top Democrat on the House Oversight Committee. However, no Republicans currently back the bill, so its prospects are dim, given Republican control of both houses of Congress. While a few Republicans, notably Senators Lindsey Graham and John McCain, have supported calls for an independent probe, party leaders have resisted the idea, saying that investigations by Republican-led congressional committees are sufficient. Senator Amy Klobuchar, who just returned from a trip to the Baltic states, Ukraine and Georgia with Graham and McCain, said Russia’s actions justified a probe by an independent panel of national experts. “This is not just about one political party. It’s not even about one election. It’s not even about one country, our country. It is a repeated attempt... around the world, to influence elections,” Klobuchar said. After Sept 11, 2001, Congress established an independent commission to look into the attacks and make recommendations about how to prevent similar actions in the future. Many of the recommendations were adopted into law. “The American people felt good about what they did,” Cummings said. 
(Reuters) - YRC Worldwide Inc said on Wednesday it closed a terminal in Guaynabo, Puerto Rico as Hurricane Irma closes in on Puerto Rico. Hurricane Irma was about 140 miles (225 km) east of San Juan Puerto Rico, with maximum sustained winds of 185 mph (295 km/h), the U.S. National Hurricane Center said. 
BEIJING (Reuters) - China s air force has carried out exercises near the Korean peninsula, practicing to defend against a  surprise attack  coming over the sea, Chinese state media said. The exercises came days after North Korea s sixth, and most powerful, nuclear test fueled global concern that the isolated nation plans more weapons tests, possibly of a long-range missile. An anti-aircraft defense battalion held the exercises early on Tuesday, near the Bohai Sea, the innermost gulf of the Yellow Sea that separates China from the Korean peninsula, an official military website said. Troops traveled to the site from central China before immediately beginning drills to fend off the  surprise attack  simulating real battle, it said.  The troops  rapid response capabilities and actual combat levels have effectively been tested. It was the first time certain weapons, which the website did not identify, had been used to shoot down low-altitude targets coming over the sea, www.81.cn said, without elaborating. The drills  do not target any particular goal or country , and were part of an annual plan intended to boost the troops  capability, China s Defence Ministry said on its website late on Wednesday, in a response to media.   After weeks of rising tension over North Korea s actions, South Korea and the United States have been discussing the deployment of aircraft carriers and strategic bombers to the Korean peninsula. China is deeply suspicious of any U.S.-backed military build-up in the region, and has repeatedly expressed anger at the deployment of a U.S. anti-missile defense system in South Korea.   
NJ Governor Chris Christie was being heckled during a baseball game at Miller Park. He lost it and got in the face of a Chicago Cubs fan and said  Yeah, you re a big shot . Doesn t he know better than to respond to people like that? What would you do?At #Cubs #Brewers game. #ChrisChristie was getting razzed by fans, so he got in the face of one of them. 5:30 on @WISN12News pic.twitter.com/sx8euMgFy2  Ben Hutchison (@BennyHutch) July 30, 2017In a video, Christie can be seen holding some nachos before going nose-to-nose with the Cubs fan. The Cubs fan was asked by one of the people around him what did Christie say and the fan replied:  You want to act like a big shot? Christie s son works for the Brewers. Christie was recently booed at a New York Mets game after catching a foul ball in the stands. He has also filled in for New York City sports radio host Mike Francesa in what may have been an audition to possibly succeed Francesa, when he retires at the end of the year.THIS ISN T CHRISTIE S FIRST RUN-IN WITH A MAN ON THE STREET:Via: Gateway Pundit
BEIRUT (Reuters) - The party of Lebanese Prime Minister Saad al-Hariri, who unexpectedly quit a week ago while in Saudi Arabia, denounced on Saturday attacks against the kingdom and Iranian intervention in Arab countries. Hariri s Future Movement political party said it stands by him and was  waiting impatiently for his return to Lebanon to handle his national responsibilities in leading this stage.  Hariri s shock resignation, in a broadcast from Riyadh last week, has plunged Lebanon into crisis and thrust it back into the forefront of regional rivalry between Iran and Saudi Arabia. 
The Oregon State Senate has just approved a bill that would increase the state s minimum wage over the next six years in incremental steps.Democrats can be thanked for pushing the measure through on a margin of 16-12, saying that it was necessary to help lift residents out of poverty and handle increasing costs of living. One lone sellout, Democratic Senator Betsy Johnson, voted no along with all Republicans. The bill will raise the minimum wage to $14.75 in Portland, $13.50 in other urban counties, and $12.50 in rural counties to prevent harming business in lower cost of living areas. The current minimum wage in the state is $9.25, which is higher than the federal minimum. However, it still is inadequate, especially in urban areas.The bill passed after a floor debate that lasted six hours. It was introduced by Democratic Senator Michael Dembrow, of Portland. Gradual increases will take place yearly, leading up to the maximum numbers in 2022. The measure is set to move to the State House next, with expectations of approval by Governor Kate Brown.As usual, wealthy wanna-be plutocrats have come out threatening doom and gloom over the attempt to make sure Oregonians are not living in grinding poverty. Jason Brandt, CEO of the Oregon Restaurant and Lodging Association released the following statement: It will kill jobs, harm consumers, force school and government service cuts and hurt Oregon farms and small businesses. We urge the House to defeat this plan that puts election year politics ahead of Oregon s economy. Source: oregonlive.comAll that anyone needs to do is refer to Seattle Seatac, who raised its minimum wage to $15/hour. The results are amazingly good, with an unemployment rate of only 3.3 percent   a rate not seen since 2008. Seatac is also one of the fastest growing airport hubs in the United States, which destroys the myth that a living wage will stifle growth and explode unemployment.One of the most basic concepts of capitalism is lost on literally every Republican who claims to LOVE the system   the fact that more money in the hands of consumers equals higher demand which increases the need for employment. Everywhere a minimum wage goes up, unemployment tends to trend down, and the anecdotal accounts of it weeding out already-failed businesses or spiteful greedy owners can t counter the right-wing propaganda anymore. It s happening, and the positive results are not going to stop.Featured image from Twitter
LIMA (Reuters) - A public prosecutor in Peru is seeking the pre-trial detention of Luis Figari, founder of an elite Catholic society who is accused of sexually and physically abusing children and former members of the group, the attorney for the victims of the alleged abuse told Reuters on Wednesday. The prosecutor will ask a judge to order Figari and three other former leaders of Sodalitium Christianae Vitae to spend up to nine months in jail ahead of trial, said Hector Gadea.  Gadea said he received a copy of the prosecutor s so-called preventive prison request earlier on Wednesday and a hearing on the request has yet to be scheduled.  The prosecutors  office did not immediately respond to a request for comment. Gadea said prosecutor Maria Leon is charging Figari and other former leaders of the Sodalitium of conspiracy to commit crimes because statute of limitations would prohibit charges for most of the alleged abuse. Figari, who denies wrongdoing, lives in Rome. He is not clergy but Sodalitium has pontifical approval. The accusations against him come ahead of a trip to Peru by Pope Francis, who has promised to hold all sex abusers in the Church accountable. Juan Armando Lengua, Figari s attorney, said on local broadcaster Canal N that the request had no legal basis and no evidence had been found to prove any abuse took place. The attorney general s office first opened a probe into Figari in 2015 following the publication of a book into the alleged abuse by Peruvian investigative journalists Pao Ugaz and Pedro Salinas. Salinas once belonged to Sodalitium, whose members include businessmen, writers and politicians from Lima s upper classes. The book described Figari as cult-like leader who raped and molested vulnerable boys and young men in the group. He also regularly committed physical and psychological abuse to exert control over his followers, the authors wrote. The probe was closed early this year and later was reopened by a new prosecutor.  Without a doubt this is redemption for the victims. This is no longer a struggle we re fighting alone,  Gadea said. Sodalitium was founded in 1971 before expanding in Latin America, Italy and the United States. 
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Hillary Clinton has distanced herself from President Barack Obama on a number of high-profile issues since starting her bid for the White House. Now, under pressure from left-leaning challenger Bernie Sanders, she is embracing him and his legacy with fervor. That strategy could pose problems for Clinton in the long run as Republicans look for fodder to portray her as representing Obama’s third term should she win the Democratic nomination. As she faces an unexpected challenge from Sanders in the early voting states, Clinton’s move to portray herself as an heir to Obama’s policies is aimed at courting young voters and progressives who are part of the president’s political base.  But she could be setting herself up for difficulties with a general electorate weary of the status quo. Over and over again during a tense Democratic presidential debate on Sunday, Clinton, who served as Obama’s secretary of state for four years, played up her ties to the president and accused Sanders of undermining him. Gone were her mentions of differences with the president over Syria, trade, and immigration. Instead, Clinton praised the Affordable Care Act, Obama’s signature healthcare law. She highlighted her connection to the administration’s Iran nuclear deal and lauded the White House for sending staff to Silicon Valley to discuss cybersecurity. Clinton, who ran against Obama for the 2008 Democratic nomination and then joined his administration, said she could accept Sanders’ criticism of her campaign donations - one of the Vermont senator’s favorite critiques - but wouldn’t tolerate similar criticism targeted at her former boss. “The comments that Senator Sanders has made ... don’t just affect me, I can take that, but he’s criticized President Obama for taking donations from Wall Street. And President Obama has led our country out of the Great Recession,” she said. “I’m going to defend President Obama for taking on Wall Street, taking on the financial industry, and getting results.” Clinton played up her service as his top diplomat, emphasized her hours advising him in the Situation Room, and accused Sanders of wanting to throw out Obamacare, all while debating in South Carolina, a state in which Obama is well liked. Republicans welcomed the opening Clinton provided for them to cast her White House run as a bid for a third Obama term. “When you have a president who is so unpopular as President Barack Obama ... and his chief diplomat is embracing those policies and running as his third term, it’s going to be next to impossible,” said Ric Grenell, a former U.S. spokesman at the United Nations under Republican President George W. Bush.  Dissatisfaction with Obama and the agenda in Washington have helped propel two candidates outside the Republican establishment - businessman Donald Trump and Senator Ted Cruz of Texas - to the top of the party’s crowded presidential field. Trump appeared to reference Clinton’s comments about the president’s policies in a speech at Liberty University on Monday, saying the country cannot afford another four years of the same thing. “We can’t have another four years of Barack Obama,” he said. “We can’t have another four years of Hillary Clinton.” Perhaps foreshadowing future ads, the Republican National Committee noted that Democrats at Sunday’s debate had backed the current occupant of the White House. “Not content with Barack Obama’s legacy of a toxic Iran deal and the rise of ISIS in the Middle East, Democrats doubled down on the extreme and failed policies of the current administration,” the RNC said in a statement. Democrats said Clinton was embracing Obama because he is popular with the party’s base, including in Iowa, which holds the first nominating contest, called a caucus, on Feb. 1. “It just makes sense to highlight where you agree with a president who is popular among caucus goers, and Secretary Clinton found ways to get that done,” said Brent Colburn, a former Obama administration official who served as communications director for his 2012 campaign. Democratic strategist Richard Socarides, a Clinton supporter, said Republicans were bound to portray her potential presidency as a third Obama term anyway.  “She deserves a lot of credit for putting the country first and going to work for him,” Socarides said. “After Iowa and New Hampshire especially, that will matter to a lot of Democratic primary voters. And she is right to point out that Bernie has not always been there. She has.”      (Additional reporting by Alana Wise and Sarah N. Lynch; Editing by Caren Bohan, Mary Milliken and Marguerita Choy) SAP is the sponsor of this coverage which is independently produced by the staff of Reuters News Agency.
SYDNEY (Reuters) - Australia will not be allowed to walk away from legal, financial and moral responsibility for nearly 800 men when it closes its asylum seeker detention center in Papua New Guinea (PNG) on Tuesday, PNG s immigration minister said. Human rights advocates are warning of a looming humanitarian crisis when the Manus Island center closes if the men are not properly resettled, with hundreds of the detainees refusing to leave the center for fear of being targeted by locals. PNG Immigration Minister Petrus Thomas said late on Sunday that Australia will remain responsible for the welfare of the men that have been detained in the Australian-funded center for more than four years. Australia refuses to allow asylum seekers arriving by boat to reach its shores, detaining them in camps in PNG and Nauru in the South Pacific. The United Nations and rights groups have for years cited human rights abuses among detainees in the centers.  It is PNG s position that as long as there is one individual from this arrangement that remains in PNG, Australia will continue to provide financial and other support to PNG to manage the persons transferred under the arrangement until the last person leaves or is independently resettled in PNG,  Thomas said in an emailed statement. Australia has already said it would spend up to A$250 million ($195 million) housing the nearly 800 refugees and asylum seekers in Papua New Guinea for the next 12 months after its controversial detention center closes. The Manus center is scheduled to close on Tuesday, after being declared illegal by a PNG court, with 600 men set to be moved to three new transit camps. Just under 200 men have already relocated. Despite threats that basic services like electricity and water will be cut off, the remaining detainees are refusing to move, citing fears for their safety. Fears of violence have been stoked further after PNG sent extra security forces to the camp. The relocation of the men is designed as a temporary measure, allowing the United States time to complete vetting of refugees as part of a refugee swap deal. The United States has agreed to take up to possibly 1,250 refugees from Australia s two Pacific detention centers, but so far only 25 men from Manus have been resettled. In exchange, Australia said it will resettle Central American refugees. Australia has said those detainees not resettled in the United States will be allowed to stay in PNG or the tiny Pacific island of Nauru. But nearly all have refused invitations to settle permanently in both locations. Thomas said PNG will not force anyone to remain.  It is the responsibility of Australia to pursue third country options,  he said. Australia s acting Prime Minister Julie Bishop said on Monday that Canberra was exploring possible deals for resettlement, but added  those who have found not to be refugees should go home .  They ve been found by the (United Nations) not to be owed protection so they should return to their homes,  she said. The bulk of the detainees come from war-torn countries such as Syria and Afghanistan, and Pakistan, Iran, Sri Lanka and Myanmar. 
21st Century Wire says This latest stunt only goes to show what a complete rip-off the US healthcare industry truly is.This week, John Oliver, host of HBO s Last Week Tonight trumped media mogul and billionaire Oprah Winfrey by announcing he will forgive the medical debt of 9,000 people. Presently, the US healthcare industry has the world s highest and most inflated medical pricing on goods and services   pushing millions of Americans into debt over health treatments which should not cost the same as a brand new Lexus SUV or Land Rover. Despite the hype, Obamacare did nothing to address this fundamental flaw in the US system. In fact, it made the situation worse, and has turned out to be absolute boon for the corporate insurance racket.If Obamacare was really all it was cracked up to be, then it would ve done en mass what John Oliver demonstrated on his show   buying up medical debt at a merger one half cent on the dollar, and then putting that into cold storage. Instead, Obamacare only succeeded in RAISING the cost (and debt) of healthcare for individual payers.More on this story here  Watch out, Oprah Winfrey. John Oliver, host of HBO s Last Week Tonight, outdid TV s biggest gift giver on Sunday when he forgave nearly $15m worth of medical debt on his show.Oliver s  giveaway  came at the end of a 20-minute segment on debt collectors. The segment focused on the bad actors in the industry, who buy debt from banks for cents on the dollar. These predatory collectors attempt to recoup the debt they purchased using threats and other aggressive tactics without first verifying the exact details of the debt. Once the company has bought your debt, whether the information is accurate or not, they are going to try to collect on it,  Oliver explained on Sunday.Last Week Tonight spent about $50 to create a debt-acquisition company in Mississippi. The corporation s name is Central Asset Recovery Professionals Inc   also known as Carp. According to Oliver, soon after its creation, Carp was offered a portfolio of medical debt worth $14,922,261.76 at a cost of  less than half a cent on a dollar, which is less than $60,000 .( )  Thanks to this 5 June airing of the HBO comedy series, Last Week Tonight show with John Oliver, there are a lot more of us now privy to this collection industry practice and the debt treadmill it creates,  said Craig Antico, co-founder of RIP Medical Debt.  In a painfully hilarious (debt as funny? Somehow, yes) piece, John Oliver triumphantly out-Oprah s Oprah in giving away valuable gifts. Continue this story at The GuardianREAD MORE HEALTH NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Health Files
GENEVA (Reuters) - Nearly 340,000 Rohingya children are living in squalid conditions in Bangladesh camps where they lack enough food, clean water and health care, the United Nations Children s Fund (UNICEF) said on Friday. Up to 12,000 more children join them every week, fleeing violence or hunger in Myanmar, often still traumatized by atrocities they witnessed, it said in a report  Outcast and Desperate . In all, almost 600,000 Rohingya refugees have left northern Rakhine state since Aug. 25 when the U.N. says the Myanmar army began a campaign of  ethnic cleansing  following insurgent attacks.  This isn t going to be a short-term, it isn t going to end anytime soon,  Simon Ingram, the report s author and a UNICEF official, told a news briefing.  So it is absolutely critical that the borders remain open and that protection for children is given and equally that children born in Bangladesh have their birth registered.  Most Rohingya are stateless in Myanmar and many fled without papers, he said, adding of the newborns in Bangladesh:  Without an identity they have no chance of ever assimilating into any society effectively.    Safe drinking water and toilets are in  desperately short supply  in the chaotic, teeming camps and settlements, Ingram said after spending two weeks in Cox s Bazar, Bangladesh.  In a sense it s no surprise that they must truly see this place as a hell on earth,  he said.  One in five Rohingya children under the age of five is estimated to be acutely malnourished, requiring medical attention, he said.   There is a very, very severe risk of outbreaks of water-borne diseases, diarrhea and quite conceivably cholera in the longer-term,  he added. UNICEF is providing clean water and toilets, and has helped vaccinate children against measles and cholera, which can be deadly, he said.  The agency is seeking $76 million under a $434 million U.N. appeal for Rohingya refugees for six months, but is only 7 percent funded, he said, speaking ahead of a pledging conference in Geneva on Monday. U.N. agencies are still demanding access to northern Rakhine, where an unknown number of Rohingya remain despite U.N. reports that many villages and food stocks have been burned.  We repeat the call for the need for protection of all children in Rakhine state, this is an absolute fundamental requirement. The atrocities against children and civilians must end,  Ingram said.  We just must keep putting it on the record, we cannot keep silent.  
BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Kurdish Peshmerga fighters rejected a warning from an Iraqi  paramilitary force to withdraw from a strategic junction south of the oil-rich city of Kirkuk, a Kurdish security official told Reuters on Sunday. Popular Mobilisation, formed mainly by Iranian-trained Shi ite groups, gave the Peshmerga until midnight local time (2100 GMT Saturday) to leave a position north of the Maktab Khalid junction, the official from the Kurdistan Regional Government s (KRG) Security Council said.  The position controls the access to an airbase and some of the oilfields located in the region of Kirkuk, the official said. The city and its immediate surroundings, including the oilfields, are under Kurdish control. There were no clashes reported about an hour after the deadline, but a resident said dozens of young Kurds deployed around Kirkuk with machine guns as the news of the warning spread. The KRG and the Shi ite-led central government in Baghdad are at loggerheads since a Kurdish independence referendum held last month in northern Iraq. Kurdish authorities said on Friday they had sent thousands more troops to Kirkuk to confront Iraqi  threats.   Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi has repeatedly denied any plans to attack the Kurds. Popular Mobilisation is a separate force from the regular army and officially reports to Abadi. It is deployed alongside the army south and west of Kirkuk. Kirkuk, a city of more than one million people, lies just outside KRG territory but Peshmerga forces deployed there in 2014 when Iraqi security forces collapsed in the face of an Islamic State onslaught. The Peshmerga deployment prevented Kirkuk s oilfields from falling into jihadist hands. The Baghdad central government has taken a series of steps to isolate the autonomous Kurdish region since its overwhelming vote for independence in the referendum, including banning international flights from going there. 
CNN host Anderson Cooper s reactions to Kellyanne Conway throughout this interview are priceless.After firing FBI Director James Comey on Tuesday, the wicked witch of the White House made her return to the cable news circuit to spout more bullshit in defense of her mentally defective boss.Conway was repeatedly reminded that Trump loved Comey during the 2016 campaign, but she repeatedly made an ass of herself by pretending that candidate Trump no longer exists. As a candidate, Donald Trump praised James Comey,  Cooper said.  Donald Trump talked about this on the campaign all the time. All of sudden the White House is concerned about James Comey s handling of Hillary Clinton s email? I think you re looking at the wrong set of facts here, Anderson,  Conway bewilderingly replied.  In other words you re going back to the campaign. This is the president of the United States, he acted decisively today, he acted at the direction of his deputy attorney general. He makes complete sense because he has lost confidence in the FBI director and he took the recommendation of Rob Rosenstein, the deputy attorney general who has been on the job for two weeks. Cooper then proceeded to grill Conway. That makes no sense,  he fired back.  He said one thing as candidate and now he s concerned as president? Clearly, this White House is under investigation, the people around the president are under investigation. You would agree with that, yes? In defiance of the facts, Conway disagreed and whined about people who are  obsessed  with Russia. Then she argued that since she s around Trump and not under investigation that others cannot be. I m around the president,  Conway said.  I m not under investigation. So that person doesn t exist anymore?  Cooper asked.  Candidate Donald Trump, that s a fictional character we are no longer allowed to refer to? We can only refer to the Donald Trump who exists today? Conway accused Cooper of being mean and claimed that Trump fired Comey because he  needs confidence in his FBI director and he doesn t have it. Throughout the interview, Cooper can be seen reacting to Conway s most inane responses with facial expressions. At one point, he even rolled his eyes because of how ridiculous her answers were.Here s the video via YouTube.Clearly, CNN wasted their time and ours by inviting Conway on to spread Trump s propaganda. The only thing saving this interview is Copper s reactions to being gaslighted.The only reason why Trump fired Comey is because the FBI is investigating his Russia scandal. Trump just impeded that investigation and obstructed justice by firing the man in charge of it. Now Trump will likely put someone in charge who will drop the investigation. This is exactly the kid of shady shit that Richard Nixon did in order to cover-up his involvement in Watergate. He resigned rather than face impeachment. Trump should not only face impeachment, he should actually be impeached and put in prison.Featured Image: Screenshot
NAYPYITAW (Reuters) - A Myanmar court on Friday jailed for two months two journalists on assignment for Turkey s state broadcaster, along with their interpreter and driver, for violating an aircraft law by filming with a drone. Cameraman Lau Hon Meng from Singapore and reporter Mok Choy Lin from Malaysia, were detained on Oct. 27 along with their Myanmar interpreter, Aung Naing Soe, and driver, Hla Tin. The four had been working on a documentary for TRT World, the English-language subsidiary of the Turkish Radio and Television Corporation, when they were detained for attempting to fly a drone near parliament in the capital, Naypyitaw. None of the four is a Turkish national, but the case has further strained diplomatic ties after President Tayyip Erdogan accused Myanmar s military of carrying out  genocide  of Rohingya Muslims in the Buddhist-majority country. Police initially investigated whether they had violated an import-export rule that carries a penalty of up to three years in jail, but the judge opted to introduce a fresh charge of contravening the 1934 Burma Aircraft Act, which carries a maximum sentence of three months.  Both the cameraman and reporter pleaded guilty to the lesser charge, and the judge sentenced all four to two months, according to a Reuters reporter at the hearing. A fresh hearing will be held on Nov. 16 to decide if charges of violating the import-export rules are to be made.  The detainees admitted that they committed the crime, hoping they would only be fined, so it shocked us when the judge sentenced them to two months,  said defense lawyer Khin Maung Zaw. The lawyer said he would appeal for the sentence to be reduced to a fine. Before Friday s proceedings began, Mok told reporters in the court they were sorry for any disrespect of Myanmar s laws, but complained that the legal process had lacked transparency.  We have no idea what is going on, and we are not allowed to speak to our family,  she said.  And the rules and procedures are not explained to us. We were asked to sign statements that are completely in Burmese that we cannot understand.  As he was brought to court, interpreter Aung Naing Soe told reporters the four had not been mistreated while in custody, though police had asked about who they had spoken to and trips he made to several of restive Myanmar regions, including Rakhine. David Baulk, of the rights group Fortify Rights, called the judge s decision to accept the charges, deny bail and sentence the four defendants as  ridiculous as it is dangerous .  Once again Myanmar s judicial system has failed to stand up to state security forces and their blatant abuses of power,  Baulk, a specialist on Myanmar human rights for the group, told Reuters by email. Myanmar says the military counter-insurgency launched in August was provoked by Rohingya militant attacks on security posts in Rakhine State, and has denied both Erdogan s accusation and a top UN official s description of the operation as a  classic case of ethnic cleansing .    More than 600,000 Rohingya Muslims have fled Myanmar for neighboring Bangladesh since the military operation began. 
In June of 2016 over 10,000 migrants came to Italy via boat:More than 10,000 migrants have crossed the Mediterranean to Italy in just four days as the European Union fails to provide a deterrent by sending back those found not to be genuine refugees. EU leaders will today be presented with figures that show as few as six per cent of those told go back home to Africa last year actually left.Remember that the European Union is all for open borders in Europe Scattered acts of vandalism by immigrants continued throughout the day as some smashed store windows. Police said that in two separate incidents locals had tried to run over immigrants with their cars. Schools and many shops were closed.Hundreds of local residents gathered outside the town hall on Friday evening, many of them asking that the government intervene against the immigrants. They are the ones who should be afraid now, they should go away,  one resident told Sky Italia television.ANGRY LOCALS REFUSE TO ACCEPT THE MIGRANTS:
These 4 hostages must certainly feel a sense of comfort knowing that our strong Commander In Chief would never desert an Ameri never mind It was reported weeks ago that the American government has abandoned citizens in Yemen, forcing them fend for themselves. Now we re facing the prospect of Iranian allies holding our countrymen hostage.It really is amazing how many parallels Obama shares with Jimmy Carter. Here s a pretty awful one:The rebel group that has seized power in Yemen has taken at least four U.S. citizens prisoner, according to U.S. officials who said that efforts to secure the Americans  release have faltered.One of the prisoners had been cleared for release in recent days only to have that decision reversed by members of the Houthi rebellion that toppled the U.S.-backed government earlier this year and now controls most levers of power in Yemen.The Americans are believed to be held at a prison in Sanaa, the Yemeni capital, which has been bombed repeatedly as part of an air campaign led by Saudi Arabia aimed at dislodging the Houthis from power. The United States has provided intelligence support to that operation.The detention of the Americans has complicated U.S. efforts to navigate the chaotic aftermath of the Houthi takeover, which displaced a government that had cooperated extensively with the United States on drone strikes and other counterterrorism operations against a dangerous al-Qaeda affiliate in the country.U.S. officials said three of the prisoners worked in private-sector jobs and that a fourth, whose occupation is unknown, has dual U.S.-Yemeni citizenship. The officials said none of the four were employees of the U.S. government.Via: SooperMexican 
Looters in Texas are boldly walking into businesses affected by the flooding and literally stealing everything off the shelves. It s hard to fathom that the first thoughts of so many people who have lost everything are to steal as much as they can from others who have also lost everything. Last week, we published a story with a video about one lone, and very brave man who claimed to be a former S.W.A.T. Deputy, standing in the middle of a parking lot defending local store owners from would be looters. Apparently, he s not the only badass in Texas who s sick and tired of watching these thugs steal from local business owners.Meet Sheriff Troy Nehls of Fort Bend County who s putting looters in his county on notice. He s got a message for looters, and he s not mincing words We ve heard of looting around the greater Houston area, specifically Harris County. As far as Fort Bend County, we haven t. I made a comment the other day that we support the Second Amendment here in Fort Bend County, and there are many of us that are armed. I would caution those that want to come and prey on our people here in Fort Bend County that are suffering so much right now. You may want to stay out of Fort Bend County because you could leave this county in a bag. We support the 2nd Amendment  I would caution those that want to come & prey on our people here in Fort Bend County. Watch:Sheriff Troy Nehls: "We support the 2nd Amendment  I would caution those that want to come & prey on our people here in Fort Bend County." pic.twitter.com/akMJsat80V  Fox News (@FoxNews) September 2, 2017The video below shows the shocking disregard for the law, as local neighborhoods are being looted by thugs in the Houston area: 
There are consequences for defying a Supreme Court ruling, and Roy Moore is about to find that out the hard way.When the Supreme Court ruled in June 2015 that same-sex marriage is legal, Alabama conservatives lost their sh*t over it, especially Alabama Chief Justice Roy Moore.Moore issued an order to all probate judges in the state to deny marriage certificates and ceremonies to same-sex couples and repeatedly insisted that rulings made by federal courts don t trump the state constitution.Moore s actions drew comparisons to former Alabama governor George Wallace, who infamously refused to obey desegregation orders handed down from the U.S. Supreme Court in Brown v. Board of Education. Wallace literally blocked a doorway into the University of Alabama to prevent African-American students from enrolling. It took the U.S. Deputy Attorney General and federal marshals, plus President Kennedy s threat to send in the U.S. Army s 2nd Infantry Division, to force Wallace to step aside. Now, Roy Moore is trying to block same-sex couples from entering courthouse doorways.And for defying the highest court in the land, Moore has not only been booted off the bench via suspension for ethics violations, he s about to stand trial.On Monday, the Alabama Court of the Judiciary rejected Moore s effort to get the charges against him dismissed and ordered him to stand trial in September.And like many crazy conservatives, Moore lashed out by accusing the Southern Poverty Law Center of being the power behind the charges made by the Alabama Judicial Inquiry Commission. They re the ones who hired the prosecutor, they re the ones that brought the case for the second time,  Moore claimed.  They don t want anybody opposing the agenda of the homosexual movement. That s what they don t want. Of course, the SPLC is actually not involved so Moore is clearly trying to blame everyone except himself. He s the one who failed as a judge for not carrying out the ruling of a higher court. He s the one who tried to impose his own extreme religious beliefs onto the people of Alabama instead of obeying the United States Constitution, which gives the Supreme Court the final say on what is constitutional or not.SPLC president Richard Chen easily smacked Moore down in a statement. We ve said it many times, he acts as if he is the Ayatollah of Alabama. Instead he is an elected state judge required to follow the oath of his office, which makes federal law supreme, whether he likes it or not. It is unseemly and it is dishonest. Alabama is a great state and deserves better than a chief justice who thinks he is the law unto himself. Roy Moore should be ashamed of himself and the people of Alabama should be ashamed that they ever elected such a lunatic to head their state s highest court. This man should never have been allowed to be a judge and he should be removed for denying gay people the same full rights and privileges that straight Americans enjoy even after the Supreme Court made their landmark ruling.Featured Image: Facebook 
An Islamophobic sack of monkey turds called a mosque in Watauga, Texas, to threaten them with beheadings and tell them to get out of America. This is a person who obviously believes that all Muslims hate America, because he said: F**k you, f**k Muhammad, f**k Islam. This is America. If you don t like the way we do s**t, get the f**k out.We ll start just cutting off the heads of all of you m*******rs. Huh? How would you like that? Maybe we need another Christian crusade, which I think we do. There is nothing to say to this but,  Wow. Just wow.  This person seems to want revenge on terrorist groups by harming innocent Muslim Americans. ISIS regularly beheads people for all kinds of reasons, and it s true that Christians in Syria, Libya and Iraq are in danger from ISIS. That makes people like this caller want to hold all Muslims responsible.Listen to some of his unhinged ranting below (warning: explicit language):This is someone who s apparently an Army veteran in addition to a Christian, and no doubt considers himself a paragon of patriotism for this. Like other right-wing nutjobs who ve served, he doesn t understand that one of the things for which he served was freedom of religion, even religions with which he disagrees.Oh, but wait, these kinds of unhinged right-wing nuts think that freedom of religion only applies to Christianity, and maybe Judaism. Islam? They can go sit on rocks and rotate in these people s eyes.The mosque, sadly, regularly receives calls from bigots who buy into the right s narrative of hate and fear. They ve never received a phone call this extreme, though, and they decided to report it to both the Watauga police and the FBI. The truth is that someone who s this far gone is capable of anything.It s a sickening, but growing, problem, fanned by the likes of Donald Trump and Ted Cruz.In addition to alerting authorities, this mosque has issued a challenge to the population of their town: Come down to the masjid and visit and meet Muslims and people, and talk to us, and see what s going on. We re just normal people who want to worship, practice our first amendment, worship freely without threat of violence. The hate is born of willful ignorance, and this mosque is right that getting to know them can go a long way towards alleviating fear. The fearful, cowering masses that include this nutboy, though, will never do that. They thrive on their hate. They love their fear. It makes them feel righteous. Mosques and Muslims are in danger from these people. Here s hoping this bigot gets caught.Featured image via screen capture from embedded video
Hillary Clinton breaks the law, gets people who work for her killed, lies to the American people and she s still a media darling? How is that possible??? 
To most people watching Trump s disastrous appearance on quack pseudo-doctor, Dr. Oz s show, the appearance was simply an attempt by Trump to prove he s healthy by releasing no information whatsoever. But did you know he also   again   joked about having relations with his daughter?The remarks were edited out of the final copy, but journalists who were there for the taping certainly noticed it was missing.So, uh, looks like the producers of "The Dr. Oz Show" cut out the awkward comments from Oz and Trump about fathers kissing daughters  Jenna Johnson (@wpjenna) September 15, 2016The Dr. Oz show edited out #Trump's comments on kissing daughter Ivanka as often as possible. #TrumponOz  Michelle Fay Cortez (@FayCortez) September 15, 2016So what, exactly, did Trump say? Dr. Oz said when Ivanka Trump came on stage,  It s nice to see a dad kiss his daughter,  reported NBC s Peter Alexander.  Trump responded that he kisses her every chance he gets. Combined with Trump s numerous other sexual remarks about his daughter, this was just too much for Dr. Oz, who edited the statement out of the show entirely in an apparent effort to save Trump the embarrassment of once again proving himself to be the  incest candidate. I ve said if Ivanka weren t my daughter, perhaps I d be dating her,  Trump once said of Ivanka on  The View.  Prior to that, he bragged to Howard Stern about Ivanka s body. More recently, he told GQ: She s really something, and what a beauty, that one. If I weren t happily married and, ya know, her father And, of course, he once said on a talk show that what he and Ivanka have most in common is  sex. Add that to creepy photos of the two like you see below and it s very clear that the Trump family is a mess.A picture of Donald Trump, with his daughter Ivanka, perched atop two concrete parrots having sex. pic.twitter.com/TFse8gM1An  Tim Ireland (@bloggerheads) January 31, 2016Creepy Trump family is creepy. pic.twitter.com/I1SL6gnnsi  Kyle Foley (@KFoleyFL) September 15, 2016Excellent @HuffingtonPost Ivanka Trump feature. Also, this photo is creepy AF: https://t.co/UEgD3FBsOX pic.twitter.com/gktyJE5Km8  Marlow Stern (@MarlowNYC) September 7, 2016This is that creepy photo of #Trump in bed with Ivanka. pic.twitter.com/QNYjipw9qO  Hillary 2016 (@KathyNeeds) August 22, 2016He s also been known to openly fantasize about another daughter s breasts   when she was one year old.Donald Trump is gearing up to face one of his alleged rape victims in court   a woman who was only 13 years old when she says   in too much detail for it to be ignored   Trump violently raped her and another girl younger than she was.This is the GOP candidate, people. This man might be our next President. Think about that and be sure to vote BLUE in November.Watch one of the many, many times Trump has  joked  about banging his daughter below:Featured image via Twitter
ANKARA (Reuters) - President Tayyip Erdogan s spokesman threatened a prominent opposition lawmaker with legal action on Monday for calling the Turkish leader a fascist dictator. In some of the most blistering criticism of Erdogan by a high-profile politician in recent memory, Bulent Tezcan, spokesman for the main opposition People s Republican Party, attacked what he said was a  fearful atmosphere  in Turkey.  If you try to scare people and to create a fearful atmosphere by showing legal words as illegal ones we will not be deterred,  Tezcan said in a speech in the western city of Tekirdag, criticizing local judicial authorities. His comments appeared to be in defense of the local mayor, a CHP member, who was questioned by authorities this month after he reportedly called Erdogan a  dictator  at a party congress.    I don t know if our mayor said that or not. I, here in Tekirdag, say it now:  Erdogan is a fascist dictator ,  Tezcan said. Tezcan s comments prompted a swift backlash from Erdogan s office and lawmakers from his ruling AK Party.  Bulent Tezcan s hate speech is an example of disgrace for the main opposition,  Erdogan s spokesman, Ibrahim Kalin, said on Twitter.  This is not politics, but rather enmity towards the people s will. Legal measures will be sought in this regard.  Insulting the president is a crime punishable by up to four years in prison in Turkey Lawyers for Erdogan, who has dominated Turkish politics for more than a decade, have filed more than 1,800 cases against people including cartoonists, a former Miss Turkey winner and schoolchildren on accusations of insulting him. Following a failed coup in July 2016, Erdogan said he would drop outstanding suits, in a one-off gesture.  Nonetheless, rights groups and some Western governments have voiced concern that Turkey is sliding toward authoritarianism. Some 150,000 people have been sacked or suspended from their jobs and more than 50,000 jailed pending trial on suspicion of links to the failed coup. Erdogan says such measures are necessary to ensure stability and defend Turkey from multiple security threats. 
Senator Mike Lee gives it right back to FOX s Martha MacCallum when she grilled him on why the Senate won t accept a Supreme Court nominee: MARTHA MACCALLUM (HOST): The president has laid out I think what anyone would say is a very fair set of circumstances for nominating someone, so why not give this person hearing?SEN. MIKE LEE (R-UT): OK that all sounds great. We do have to remember Martha, we re talking about a lame duck president in his final months of office who is talking about making a lifetime appointment to the highest court in the land, a court which in recent years has played an increasingly large role in the development of public policy. And we think the American people have a voice, that voice should be heard and the American people ought to be able to choose their next president and have the next president, whether that s a Republican or Democrat, make the choice.MACCALLUM: Yeah but I think, senator, with all due respect, wouldn t the American people say we elected President Obama? We also elected the senators who are currently in office, and we expect them both, on both sides to do their job. The president s job is to name a nominee, your job is to give that person a hearing and either appoint or not. Either consent, to give consent, or not. So why not go through the process? Why do you get to decide that?LEE: You re absolutely right that elections have consequences. President Obama was elected again as president in 2012. Senate elections also have consequences and when Republicans were elected to the majority in the Senate after the 2014 elections, we had an increasingly large role to play in the system. Now you re also absolutely right, the president has the right to nominate. That is his prerogative. It s also the Senate s right to decide when, whether, how, to what extent, to confirm someone and here what we re saying is, we think that it s very important to maintain a tradition, a tradition that goes all the way back to 1888 by the way. 1888 was the last time you had a Supreme Court vacancy arise during a presidential election year, and the last time that that vacancy arising during the presidential election year was filled during the same year, and confirmed by a Senate that was run by a party opposite the president s party.MACCALLUM: I think everybody listens to that and understands what you are saying and that there s   but I don t think that gets around the basic requirement to do the job, to go through the process and if you all decide that you don t want to give consent to that person, well that s absolutely your right. And just given your background and being such an adherent to the Constitution, it seems somewhat surprising I think to some people to take that attitude. And it also feeds in perhaps to the notion that people in your position don t want to   are blocking things from happening on Capitol Hill.LEE: We are blocking this from happening, make no mistake about it. We are blocking this one. And we feel it s our obligation to do so. We think that especially with this president who has overstepped his constitutional boundaries so many times   [CROSSTALK]MACCALLUM: But then why does it make it right on to do that on your side? You can look at this person and say  no thank you, we don t like this person,  but why the hesitation to have a hearing? To do the process? I think that s what people have a hard time understanding.Via: Media Matters
Donald Trump has been vacationing at his Mar-a-Lago resort in Florida nearly every weekend since taking office, and now Palm Beach County intends to force him him to pay for it.The cost of Trump s weekend forays have been devastating for local taxpayers and area businesses.For two months now, they have had to deal with providing extra security, directing traffic, shutting down a local airport, and all the economic hazards Trump has caused.Of course, Trump doesn t care about the people he hurts as long as he gets to throw parties and golf on the taxpayer s dime.So far, Palm Beach County has had to pony up $1.7 million for extra security when Trump is in town.And because of the extra security, businesses in Palm Beach are losing tens of thousands of dollars every weekend, causing many to literally go broke.In fact, Trump s weekend vacations has cost taxpayers on the national level over $10 million and counting and Trump is on pace to play more golf and go on more vacations and spend more money on those vacations in a single year than President Obama did during his whole eight years in office.Palm Beach county residents and officials are especially tired of Trump s visits, and they want their back, which Trump has so far refused to reimburse.So Palm Beach lawmakers are looking to classify Mar-a-Lago as a  municipal service benefit unit  so they can level a special tax on Trump to force the money out of him.County Commissioner Dave Kerner is looking into this method to provide relief to local taxpayers who have had to deal with the burden. It s one thing for a president to visit once in awhile, but every weekend is ridiculous.According to the Palm Beach Post,It could give the county a way to impose a special tax on Trump to reimburse the county for the millions it has shelled out for roadway management and security assistance during the president s frequent trips here.The tax would not be a property tax, Kerner said. Instead, it would be a tax pegged to the value of any  special benefit  the county has provided to Mar-a-Lago s owner   Trump.In other words, if Trump wants to continue taking his little trips to Florida, he ll have to pay the price. And that will at least give the residents of Palm Beach something to smile about when Trump comes to town.Featured Image: Mario Tama/Getty Images
In response to her male GOP colleague s insistence that women s reproductive decisions be ridiculously regulated, a female Kentucky lawmaker is fighting back.Democratic state Rep. Mary Lou Marzian is sick and tired of Republicans attacking abortion rights in her state and she isn t taking it anymore. So she introduced Bill 396, which would require men to seek permission slips from their wives and present the note to their doctor in order to get access to Viagra, a little blue pill that gives men boners.And that s not all. In addition to the note, men must also put their hand on a Bible at the doctor s office and swear an oath that they are married and are only using the Viagra so they can have sex only with their wives. That means  family values  conservative lawmakers would have to promise the Lord that they want to have sex with their wives and not that pretty intern they ve been perving on for weeks.Sorry, Republicans. Not kidding. The bill literally requires a  man to make a sworn statement with his hand on a Bible that he will only use a prescription for a drug for erectile dysfunction when having sexual relations with his current spouse. I want to protect these men from themselves,  Marzian told the Courier-Journal about the legislation.  This is about family values. She knows what she is talking about, too. Marzian is a trained nurse so if she says this is about protecting men s health, then it must be taken seriously.Of course, Republicans will never take this kind of legislation seriously until a women-dominated legislature is in place ready to show men what it feels like to have their bodies and privacy attacked.This isn t the first time a female lawmaker has fought fire with fire. Many have introduced the same kind of bill in states across the country, including Ohio state Senator Nina Turner back in 2012. Her bill would have required men to visit a sex therapist, undergo a cardiac stress test, and get their sexual partner to sign a notarized affidavit confirming impotency in order to get a prescription for Viagra.And like Turner s bill, Marzian s bill is a direct response to an extreme anti-abortion bill. Senate Bill 4, which Kentucky Republicans actually passed, forces women to obtain  informed consent  from a counselor 24 hours prior to getting an abortion. Do we really want a bunch or legislators interfering in private, personal, medical decisions?  Marzian asked.Only male lawmakers do apparently, as long as the interference is in the private, personal, and medical decisions of women and not men.Featured Image: Tim Reckmann/Wikimedia
(Reuters) - Highlights of the day for U.S. President Donald Trump’s administration on Tuesday: Trump will seek to convince Americans of his ability to run the country and negotiate with Congress on Tuesday in a nationally televised speech that offers a chance to move past his tumultuous first weeks in office. The White House and Congress lack agreement on a plan to repeal and replace Obamacare amid signs of growing Republican division on the issue, as Trump prepares to address lawmakers about his 2017 agenda. Trump is considering introducing legislation to provide illegal immigrants a pathway to legal status - but not immediately to citizenship, CNN reported. Trump says “maybe it’s my fault” that his immigration policy was not communicated effectively, but gives himself a grade of A for “what I’ve actually done.” Trump’s nominee to be director of national intelligence pledges to back a thorough investigation of any Russian efforts to influence the 2016 presidential election, seeking to reassure lawmakers worried that partisan politics might interfere with a probe. The National Security Agency risks a brain-drain of hackers and cyber spies because of a tumultuous reorganization and worries about the acrimonious relationship between the intelligence community and Trump, according to current and former NSA officials and cyber security industry sources. The White House denies that Trump plans to issue an executive order to change the national biofuels program, after the U.S. Renewable Fuels Association said the president’s team had informed the group an order was pending. Trump’s attorney general, Jeff Sessions, says the federal government should stop suing local police departments, signaling a sharp departure from the Obama administration’s policy toward law enforcement exhibiting patterns of racism or excessive force. Trump’s proposal to slash funding for the State Department and foreign aid faces stiff opposition in Congress, not just from Democrats, but also from many fellow Republicans. Major U.S. corporations are going to war in Washington over a Republican “border adjustment” tax proposal meant to boost exports over imports, with lawmakers coming under pressure from some of the nation’s biggest employers. Trump signs an order directing regulators to review an Obama administration rule that expanded the number of federally protected waterways as he targets environmental regulations conservatives label as government overreach. Trump signs an executive order aimed at boosting government support for historically black colleges. 
Iran is fulfilling their obligations under the nuclear deal reached with the Obama Administration, and Republicans can t handle being proven wrong by those they consider enemies.On Saturday morning, Iran released several Americans from jail. Among them included Washington Post reporter Jason Rezaian, pastor Saeed Abedini, and former marine Amir Hekmati. As you may recall, Republicans repeatedly used the imprisonment of these three men as a reason to oppose the nuclear deal and demanded that President Obama make their release a condition of the negotiations.But President Obama wisely refused to tangle the two issues, which kept the nuclear deal alive while preserving a future opportunity to bring the prisoners home.And on Saturday, President Obama s wisdom paid off, as all three men have been released just as the deal goes into effect. Not only that, but the United Nations has announced that Iran has honored the terms of the deal in a statement by International Atomic Energy Agency Director General Yukiya Amano.Here is the full statement via the IAEA.Today, I released a report confirming that Iran has completed the necessary preparatory steps to start the implementation of the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action. The report was submitted to the IAEA Board of Governors and to the United Nations Security Council.It was issued after Agency inspectors on the ground verified that Iran has carried out all measures required under the JCPOA to enable Implementation Day to occur.This paves the way for the IAEA to begin verifying and monitoring Iran s nuclear-related commitments under the agreement, as requested by the U.N. Security Council and authorised by the IAEA Board.Relations between Iran and the IAEA now enter a new phase. It is an important day for the international community. I congratulate all those who helped make it a reality, especially the group of countries known as the E3/EU+3, Iran and the IAEA Board.In line with its commitments, Iran will start to provisionally implement the Additional Protocol to its Safeguards Agreement with the IAEA. Together with other nuclear-related measures under the JCPOA, this increases the Agency s ability to monitor nuclear activities in Iran and to verify that they are peaceful.We have come a long way since the IAEA first started considering the Iran nuclear issue in 2003. A lot of work has gone into getting us here, and implementation of this agreement will require a similar effort. For our part, we are ready to get on with the job.In other words, Iran met their obligations and showed the world that Republicans were full of bullshit every time they demonized the deal or accused Iran of not cooperating.Even Secretary of State John Kerry took a victory lap around those who doubted the deal would succeed, calling the deal an  ambitious set of promises  that Iran is keeping, which makes the entire world safer. Iran has undertaken significant steps that many, and I do mean many, people doubted would ever come to pass. And that should be recognized, even though the full measure of this achievement can only be realized by assuring continued full compliance in the coming years. Today marks the moment that the Iran nuclear agreement transitions from an ambitious set of promises on paper to measurable action in progress. Today, as a result of the actions taken since last July, the United States, our friends and allies in the Middle East, and the entire world are safer because the threat of the nuclear weapon has been reduced. Clearly, the deal is working and Iran must continue to honor it since other sanctions won t be lifted for another ten years down the road. For now, however, Iran is working with the world and the world is rewarding them by lifting sanctions.This deal will go down in history as one of the greatest achievements of President Obama s time in office, and will go down as a humiliating defeat for Republicans. The GOP hoped to sabotage the deal in preference of war with Iran that would cost thousands of lives and add even more to our national debt. It s likely they are furious that they failed so badly, but they should really be embarrassed that they stood in the way of history and the diplomatic negotiations that brought the deal to fruition. They acted like little toddlers who didn t get their way while the Iranians and President Obama were the adults in the room. And the results make it absolutely clear that Republicans do not have what it takes to lead or make American foreign policy.Featured Image: Tumblr
We re not sure why Fox News host Sean Hannity posed for this picture (see below) since he s obviously not happy with it but now, Donald Trump s cult member is upset with the New York Times for selecting the photo for the cover of its magazine. Along with the photo, the cover reads,  How Far Will Sean Hannity Go? So @nytimes takes 100 s and 100 s of pics. Obviously they picked the best one?  the Fox News host tweeted to his more than 3.1 million followers.So @nytimes takes 100 s and 100 s of pics. Obviously they picked the best one? https://t.co/6c0yV1lupe  Sean Hannity (@seanhannity) November 28, 2017Here s the photo that s freaking Hannity out.Internet users thought Hannity s reaction to the photo was pretty funny.Snowflake much Sean?  Paul Dickinson (@prdickinson) November 28, 2017We re wondering the same thing.Why would this dummy pose for a photo like that if he didn't want them to use it?     CaptainPajamas (@captainpajamas) November 28, 2017Makes you look young. And deranged. So half-accurate.  Doug Brooks (@Hoosier84) November 28, 2017Hahahajahahaaa  Cathy R   (@CathyMaiRu) November 28, 2017I liked this one.. pic.twitter.com/wL9en474YQ  Hanna (@hanna_shane) November 28, 2017Could be worse. They could have taken a pic when you first got out of bed.  pic.twitter.com/6hKUGGIYRm  greg fuller (@GregFuller4Real) November 28, 2017I think they did.  Loud Asshat  Drain The Trumps (@DrainTheTrumps) November 28, 2017When Donald Trump was the president-elect, he wanted the media to stop publishing unflattering photos of him so naturally, Internet users circulated them quickly. Trump hates photos displaying his many chins. Trump was speaking off-the-record at the time to whine about the unflattering shots. He also complained about photos of himself that NBC used that he found unflattering.At one point, Trump turned to NBC News President Deborah Turness and told her the network won t run a nice picture of him, instead choosing  this picture of me,  as he made a face with a double chin.I hear Donald Trump really hates this photo. So make sure not to retweet it. Ever. pic.twitter.com/6dUnchk8tC  Charles Johnson (@Green_Footballs) November 25, 2016#TrumpleChin is bad. Very weak. I have a tremendous chin. Other chins shouldn't be allowed on Twitter. Sad. pic.twitter.com/mb18VywW3L  Persistent Woman (@PixMichelle) November 25, 2016Apparently Donald Trump is very upset @NBC used an unflattering photo of him.Anyway, here's him and a pelican.Please don't RT. pic.twitter.com/6IAaSYKpzc  Steve Marmel (@Marmel) November 27, 2016We can understand Hannity s obsession with Donald Trump now. They re basically the same person with the same ego. The piece published by the Times was actually a softball interview but Hannity is upset over the photograph.Hannity described himself to the Times as  an advocacy journalist, or an opinion journalist   I want to give my audiences the best shows possible  and we describe him as a Donald Trump sycophant who has a raging hard-on for Hillary Clinton. While Hannity frequently calls liberals  snowflakes,  he continues to be the snowflakiest Fox News host on TV and on Twitter.Image via screen capture.
What a great time for Joe Biden to announce. Hmmm I wonder if Barack had anything to do with the timing of the discovery of these emails? Dirty Chicago politics used against Chicago s hometown girl by their master community organizer  The Obama State Department suddenly discovered and turned over 1,300 pages of emails from former Ambassador Chris Stevens.The emails were delivered just two days before Hillary s testimony before the Benghazi committee.None of the seven previous congressional investigations on Benghazi had access to Ambassador Stevens  emails. And they were just released after more than a year of requests.Via: Gateway PunditThe House Select Committee on Benghazi got a special delivery on Tuesday, two days before its high-profile hearing with former secretary of state Hillary Clinton   1,300 more pages of emails from the State Department.The Republican-led panel took to Twitter to vent about the seemingly late-in-the-game document dump of messages from Christopher Stevens, the ambassador to Libya who died in the Sept. 11, 2012, attacks on the consulate, along with three other Americans.For months, the State Department has been releasing tens of thousands of pages of emails to the committee, but the GOP has consistently complained that the agency has dragged its feet in handing over all the relevant documents. State, for example, only a few weeks ago gave the committee about 900 Libya-related emails from Clinton, which the committee says it asked for at the start of its investigation well over a year ago. Via: Politico
Donald Trump went all in for his man Luther Strange. I mean, he tweeted   in between other pressing matters, of course   at least a dozen times in support of the incumbent Senator in Alabama.Or at least, Strange was the incumbent, until former Chief Justice of the Alabama Supreme Court and all-around douchebag Roy Moore beat him in a runoff primary last night.Trump did everything but attach himself at the hip to Strange, for a reason I ll get into in a minute. But it just wasn t enough to overcome Moore, who was backed by Trump s former right-hand man Steve Bannon, as well as a bevy of other prominent dumbass conservatives. Sarah Palin, Sebastian Gorka, Laura Ingraham and even Sean Hannity lent their support to the ultra-conservative Moore, while simultaneously being careful to tell voters that a vote against Strange wasn t a vote against Donald Trump. Bannon went so far as to say that a vote for Moore was a vote for Trump.They understand something that the president doesn t, and it s this I was alluding to as the reason Trump rolled so deep with Luther Strange. Donald Trump knows he has some kind of power over his supporters, but he doesn t know what it is. He honestly believes that he can make them do whatever he wants them to do and that they will do it happily. And above all, he believes that he is infallible in his decisions.Trump has it all backwards.In reality, it is Donald Trump who does the bidding of his fans. It s because he literally has no idea what he s doing. He has zero experience in politics. He doesn t know or even care what the people of Alabama think about or want in a Senate candidate. Let me put this plainly:If Donald Trump thought that a man like Roy Moore, who was removed from the Supreme Court of Alabama only by outside forces; who never lost the support of his constituents; who is literally the Bible-thumping, gay-hating, end-times preaching Senator that the most redneck state in America has been dreaming about since Reconstruction was going to lose this election to a career politician, well  He s a whole lot dumber than any of us give him credit for.Trump s candidate lost because he was always going to lose. Trump himself lost because he had no idea. Prior to the election, Trump was so confident of his star power and Strange s ability to win by association that he hadn t bothered to learn Moore s first name.And one thing Donald J. Trump doesn t do is lose gracefully. The president went on a deleting spree of tweets he had posted in support of Strange. He was so angry that he couldn t even remember when the general election was being held in Alabama, so when he congratulated Moore after his win, he even had to delete the first draft of that:Trump has, of course, quieted down. Unfortunately for him, the slew of tweet deletions, which may actually be illegal, just makes his timeline look like literally all he can think about is big black men on their knees.As long as nobody s sitting down during the national anthem, I suppose.Featured image via Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images
 Join Patrick every Wednesday at Independent Talk 1100 KFNX and globally at Alternate Current Radio for the very best in news, views and analysis on all top stories domestically and abroad THIS WEEK: Episode 15 This week we cover the America s turbulent transition of power, as President Trump continues to search for his political mojo in Washington DC Tonight, host Patrick Henningsen is joined by special guest, author and roving correspondent for RT News International and author, Calib Maupin, to talk about his new book, The 2016 Elections & The Crisis of American Liberalism, and how the new shifting political landscape in America is shaping up   Trump, Soros and how the old Left-Right binary system is searching for a new coherence. Listen Listen to  EP 15: Patrick Henningsen LIVE with Caleb Maupin  on Spreaker.This program broadcasts LIVE every Wednesday night from 9pm to 10pm MST, post-drive time and after the Savage Nation, on Independent Talk 1100 KFNX over the terrestrial AM band across the greater Phoenix and central Arizona region, and live over global satellite and online via www.1100kfnx.com.LISTEN TO MORE INTERVIEWS AT PATRICK HENNINGSEN LIVE  SHOW ARCHIVESSUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV
The  unborn person  is how Clinton describes the baby in the womb. So if the  unborn  is a person then wouldn t it have rights?  This interview with Clinton shows what a cold-hearted woman she is. She s all for late-term abortion like Obama is but we skewer Trump for being pro-life? The  unfavorable  ratings with women should be sky high for Clinton. In an interview with Chuck Todd on NBC s  Meet the Press  airing on Sunday, Clinton said that while it  doesn t mean that you don t do everything possible to try to fulfill your obligations [to help the unborn person], it does not include sacrificing the woman s right to make decisions.  SHE S JUST COLD  Read more: Daily Caller
America should ve known Hillary would be allowed to skate. When Chicago thug politics mesh with the Clinton Crime Syndicate, American citizens don t have a chance. The Democrat party is starting to make the mafia look like girl scouts .In a scathing video ad titled  Tale of Two Press Conferences,  the GOP plays side-by-side excerpts from Comey s statement and a March 10, 2015 press conference when Clinton was first cornered with accusations about her private email server.The result is a smackdown that casts Clinton as a bald-faced liar. I did not email any classified material to anyone on my email,  Clinton says in the footage on one side of a split-screen. 110 emails in 52 email chains have been determined by the owning agency to contain classified information,  Comey says at screen-right.After Clinton says that she  thought it would be easier to carry just one device for my work and for my personal emails instead of two, Comey is seen rebutting her on Tuesday   declaring that she  used numerous mobile devices to view and send e-mail on [her] personal domain. RNC Chairman Reince Priebus said in a statement that Clinton  has spent the last 16 months looking into cameras deliberately lying to the American people. This video perfectly highlights Hillary Clinton s serial lies over her secret email server, which jeopardized national security, left over 2,000 classified emails unprotected, and covered up unethical conflicts of interests related to her family foundation while she was Secretary of State,  he added.  Via: Daily Mail 
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Senate Armed Services Committee voted overwhelmingly on Wednesday to recommend President-elect Donald Trump’s pick for Secretary of Defense, retired Marine General James Mattis. The committee voted 26-1 to back Mattis’ nomination when it is received by the full Senate from Trump after he is sworn in as president. As a result, Mattis’ nomination will be sent directly to the Senate for a vote without referral to the committee. The identity of the senator who voted against Mattis was not immediately available. Congress cleared the way for Mattis’ quick confirmation last week by backing a waiver that would allow him to lead the Pentagon despite retiring from active duty as a Marine general only in 2013. The 66-year-old Mattis, who is highly respected by many fellow Marines, retired 3-1/2 years ago after more than four decades of military service. The 1947 National Security Act requires a seven-year gap between active duty military service and the Cabinet position. Trump’s fellow Republicans in Congress and Democrats have both heaped praise on Mattis since his nomination was announced.  
While Megyn Kelly is a Fox News anchor, and she definitely toes the GOP line on most things, it s hard to deny that, when it comes to women and women s issues, Kelly is pretty spot-on about things. This never shines more than when she s talking about Donald Trump s misogyny. Trump s campaign manager is a woman, but when Kelly put the screws to her over that very issue, she can t even really formulate an answer.Kellyanne Conway, who regularly appears on Fox News to speak for Trump, appeared to try her best to downplay the blatantly sexist pig that is the Republican presidential candidate. She said that he d just made a couple of comments over the last 25 years, as if saying that women need to be treated like shit, that leaving his own wife on the tarmac for being five minutes late, and bashing Kelly herself over her questions about his sexism, is really just nothing.Kelly hit her back with: You know that s not true. You know. know he has repeatedly made comments about women, about their looks, about their size, their weight. Even in this campaign, talking about [former GOP presidential candidate] Carly Fiorina s face, retweeting a negative picture about Heidi Cruz s face, criticizing Hillary Clinton and her  look.  And, Kellyanne, this is an issue for him, is it not? All Conway could do in response was criticize Hillary s campaign and debate topics. Watch her never figure out how to answer Megyn Kelly s questions below:[ad3media campaign= 973 ]If all Kellyanne Conway can do is parrot Trump, she actually doesn t make a very good campaign manager because she flounders with questions she should be able to answer.Featured image via screen capture from embedded video
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EOr9fwoc_mo
 Are there any Trump donors on the team? GREAT QUESTION BY TOM FITTON! Judicial Watch President Tom Fitton joined FOX News to explain Mueller s latest hire of Andrew Goldstein, a former prosecutor who worked under Preet Bharara in New York. Remember Prett Bharara? Trump fired him! Fitton questioned who is overseeing Mueller s day-to-day conduct, pointing to the 12 hires he has made for his legal team all liberal political hacks!Special Counsel Mueller s investigation is out of control. @realDonaldTrump DOJ should shut it down. https://t.co/IYr9Hiqkix  Tom Fitton (@TomFitton) July 2, 2017A VERY KEY REASON FOR THIS WITCH HUNT TO END IS THAT: Several of the lawyers donated to Democrats and it seems that the team is  searching for a crime. Fitton said:  I don t understand what this investigation is about.. You know my count is 14, 15 lawyers to have working on this one investigation to investigate to investigate what? An employment dispute between Comey and the President? You have the conflicts caused by Comey leaking records to get Mueller appointed, you have Constitutional concerns about the way the office operates. Fitton then pointed out what s a big concern for most people watching this unfold:  Are there any Trump donors on the team? IN CASE YOU HAVEN T HEARD   HERE S OUR RECENT REPORT ON THE LOPSIDED GROUP OF ALL DEMOCRAT DONOR LAWYERS HELPING MUELLER TRY AND BURY TRUMP:Former NH Governor John Sununu let Alison Camarata have it when she asked about the Russia investigation and Robert Mueller. Sununu said that Trump should have been notified if he was under investigation and then he slammed Mueller for hiring all Dems.Camerota:  Should the White House know if the President is being investigated for obstruction of justice? Sununu:  If the President is being investigated for obstruction of justice, the White House should have been officially notified. Sununu:  What bothers me the most and there must be a reason for it, is Mueller making four of his first hires so blatantly biased lawyers, pro-Democrat lawyers with a bias certainly against the President. Maybe Mueller has decided internally that this isn t going anywhere and that the only way he can have credibility on a decision saying that there s nothing there is to have that decision come from a group of lawyers that are so blatantly biased against the President. CNN Reports   Three members of the legal team known to have been hired so far by special counsel Robert Mueller to handle the Russia investigation have given political donations almost exclusively to Democrats, according to a CNN analysis of Federal Election Commission records.
NEW YORK (Reuters) - Myanmar national security adviser Thaung Tun told Reuters on Monday that Rohingya Muslims who had fled to neighboring Bangladesh to escape violence in Rakhine State would be able to return but the process would have to be discussed.   We will make sure that everybody who left their home can return to their home but this is a process we have to discuss,  he said after a ministerial meeting on the crisis hosted by British Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson on the sidelines of the U.N. General Assembly.  We want to make sure that everybody who needs humanitarian assistance gets it, without discrimination. That is one of the things we agreed on,  Tun said. 
Ah, The Simpsons, the hilarious animated show that s been on television for nearly 30 years now, and is a staple of American comedy. They ve never been afraid to tackle controversial and volatile issues within the context of the show, and that includes the 2016 presidential election. And why not? We have Donald Trump this year. He s walking cannon fodder.This video deals with the importance of the 3 a.m. phone call at the White House that means the world s about to end, and looks at how both Hillary and Trump would handle it. They lampoon Hillary here, too, but that s all they do. However, they tear into, and destroy, any and all illusions that anybody may have that Trump would actually make, well, any kind of a president at all.The spoof asks the viewer to consider who they want to vote for based on how each candidate reacts to that crucial 3 a.m. phone call. Watch it below, and remember that guffawing at Trump is perfectly okay.Trump likes to pawn an awful lot off onto other people. Who would he pawn that 3 a.m. phone call off onto while he went back to sleep in the gold-plated bed he ll no doubt have brought into the Lincoln Bedroom following his triumph over Hillary? In the end, though, what this spoof does is put Trump s (ahem) leadership capabilities under a very uncomfortable microscope, as well it should.Featured image via screen capture from embedded video
21st Century Wire says  B ACTING: President Obama and former House Speaker John Boehner getting their kicks making Saturday Night Live videos on taxpayer time.Host Patrick Henningsen opens Episode #133 of the SUNDAY WIRE with a skewering rant about last weekend s annual White House Correspondents  Dinner and takes a hard look at the decaying state of America s near non-existent  Fourth Estate  which has devolved into  Team America  media.This is your brave new world [soundcloud url= https://api.soundcloud.com/tracks/262463038  params= auto_play=false&hide_related=false&show_comments=true&show_user=true&show_reposts=false&visual=true  width= 100%  height= 450  iframe= true  /] . LISTEN TO THE SUNDAY WIRE LIVE & VIA THE ARCHIVE HERE
President Trump on Sunday tweeted a video of him body-slamming World Wrestling Entertainment Chairman Vince McMahon whose face was replaced by the CNN logo.The tweet, which said,  #FraudNewsCNN #FNN,  linked to a video of the president decking, pummeling and then shaving off McMahon s hair during a  Battle of the Billionaires  stunt at WrestleMania XXIII in 2007.#FraudNewsCNN #FNN pic.twitter.com/WYUnHjjUjg  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 2, 2017McMahon is the husband of Linda McMahon, who heads Trump s Small Business Administration.President Barack Obama hosted felon and radical organizer Bob Creamer (the guy who was caught on video talking about how he was organizing paid protesters to incite violence at Trump rallies) at the White House over 100 times while he was in office. After the undercover video was released that exposed the Democrats plan to incite violence against innocent Trump supporters, the media was silent. The media was also silent when it was discovered that Obama s Attorney General Eric Holder, used taxpayer funds to pay people to protest against George Zimmerman in the heated Trayvon Martin case, which was the birthplace of the violent Black Lives Matter movement. Those protests marked the first step in Obama s plan to divide America.In a statement on Twitter, CNN recalled comments from White House spokeswoman Sarah Huckabee Sanders last week that the president doesn t condone violence against the media. The President in no way form or fashion has ever promoted or encouraged violence. If anything, quite the contrary.    @SHSanders45 6/29/17,  the CNN tweet said.Bipartisan condemnation against the take-down video continued to build Sunday morning.GOP Rep. Eric Swalwell urged all Republicans to rebuke the Tweet or be complicit in its message. I am calling on EVERY @HouseGOP Member of Congress to condemn this. You were elected to be a check on power. Check it, or you condone it,  the California representative tweeted on Sunday.Minority House Leader Nancy Pelosi also blasted the tweet. Violence & violent imagery to bully the press must be rejected. This #July4th, celebrate freedom of the press, guardians to our democracy,  she wrote on Twitter.Paul Joseph Watson sums up the media hypocrisy beautifully with this one tweet:Trump is "inciting violence" with a wrestling meme, says same media that literally painted a crosshair target on Trump's head. pic.twitter.com/m8V8XjYHU0  Paul Joseph Watson (@PrisonPlanet) July 2, 2017A Trump administration official said he doesn t view Trump s tweet as inciting violence against the media. Certainly not, though I think that no one would perceive that as a threat. I hope they don t. I do think that [Trump is] beaten up in a way on cable platforms that he has a right to respond to,  Homeland Security Adviser Tom Bossert said on ABC s  This Week. He said cable news shows are  not always very fair to the president,  who developed a social media platform to speak directly to the  American people. Trump is  the most genuine president and the most non-politician president we ve seen in my lifetime,  he said.Watch #FakeNewsCNN  experts  call Trump  Dangerous  and a  Fascist :The president was also the subject of bipartisan scorn last Thursday when he posted the  bleeding badly  tweet about Brzezinski, with many lawmakers saying it was beneath the dignity of the office.Trump defended his use of social media in a tweet on Saturday. My use of social media is not Presidential   it s MODERN DAY PRESIDENTIAL. Make America Great Again!,  he wrote. NYPNOTE TO CNN: Re-tweeting a video that s been around for years showing a fake body-slam by then businessman Trump is a far cry from promoting violence. If you were so concerned about violence, why didn t you do any stories on felon, husband of a United States Congresswoman and Democrat operative who was caught on tape planning to incite violence at Trump rallies before he even became our President? 
21st Century Wire says What a twisted world we have become.A female, black student activist, Kayla McKelvey (image below), has been jailed for tweeting racially charged threats directed at events that she, herself, was organising and attending. She essentially employed the  false flag attack  model, where one claims to be under attack from another, who in actual fact has nothing to do with it, to further an agenda.The so-called  activist  pleaded guilty to causing false public alarm, but claimed the tweets  were meant to raise awareness of racism on campus .One wonders how much racism there really is on campus, if someone has to deliberately go out of their way to create fake racial threats. This then raises the questions, what exactly did McKelvey hope to achieve by creating a  threat  to black people on campus?The threats caused Kean University to shell out $80,000 in additional security costs, costs that McKelvey will now be forced to repay after her 90 days behind bars.Such actions do absolutely nothing to  raise awareness of racism , and only further racial divides. If we stop seeing race altogether, and instead see humanity, we can really solve the problem.Get 10% off a 21WIRE TV membership package today using promo code: STU21WIRETVMORE ON ERODING WESTERN  CULTURE : 21st Century Wire Culture Files
(Reuters) - Republicans in the U.S. Congress reached a deal on tax legislation on Wednesday, clearing the way for final votes next week on a package that, if approved, would be sent to President Donald Trump to sign into law. Formal language of the legislation, expected to add at least $1 trillion to the $20-trillion national debt over a decade, has not been released. The following are known provisions on which House of Representatives and Senate tax writers have agreed, based on conversations with aides and lawmakers: CORPORATE TAX RATE: Falls to 21 percent from 35 percent. The House and Senate bills, as well as Trump, had earlier proposed 20 percent. Going to 21 percent gave tax writers more federal revenue needed to allow the tax cut to take effect immediately. U.S. corporations have been seeking a large tax cut like this for many years.  PASS-THROUGH BUSINESSES: Creates a 20 percent business income deduction for owners of pass-through businesses, such as sole proprietorships and partnerships. The House had proposed a 25 percent tax rate; the Senate, a 23 percent deduction.  CORPORATE MINIMUM: Repeals the corporate alternative minimum tax, which was set up to ensure profitable companies pay at least some federal tax. CLEAN ENERGY: Maintains production tax credit for wind energy and the $7,500 electric vehicle tax credit. The House had proposed repealing the electric vehicle credit and scaling back the wind energy credit. The Senate version did neither. INDIVIDUAL INCOME TAX RATES: There will be seven brackets, and the top rate falls to 37 percent from 39.6 percent. The House had proposed maintaining the 39.6 percent top rate and condensing the current seven tax brackets to four. The Senate had proposed cutting the top rate to 38.5 percent and maintaining seven brackets. PERMANENCE: The expectation is that individual tax rates will snap back to current levels in less than 10 years, possibly after 2024. The individual tax rates in the House bill were to be permanent. The individual tax rates in the Senate bill were to expire after 2025. STATE AND LOCAL TAX (SALT): Both the House and Senate had proposed scaling back the popular individual deduction for state and local tax payments by limiting it to property-tax payments and capping that at $10,000. The compromise bill will keep that $10,000 cap, but allow for continued deduction of both state and local income tax payments, as well as property tax payments. MORTGAGE INTEREST: Caps the mortgage interest deduction for new mortgages at $750,000 in home loan value, down from the current $1 million. The House had proposed a $500,000 cap. The Senate bill left it at $1 million. ESTATE TAX: Roughly doubles the exemption from the federal estate tax on inherited assets to about $11 million per person, or about $22 million per couple, but leaves the estate tax in place, mirroring the Senate proposal. The House bill had proposed entirely repealing the estate tax over several years. OBAMACARE MANDATE: Repeals a federal fine imposed on Americans under Obamacare for not obtaining health insurance coverage. The House bill did not repeal the Obamacare individual mandate.  ANWR DRILLING: Allows oil drilling in Alaska’s Arctic National Wildlife Refuge. The provision was sponsored by Republican Senator Lisa Murkowski of Alaska. 
Some illegal immigrants receive money from Uncle Sam even after they are deported back to their home country, a new report said Thursday.According to Sen. Rand Paul s annual  airing of grievances,  a report that documents the most extreme cases of government waste from the previous year, the Obama administration is using a taxpayer-funded program to provide business support to undocumented immigrants from El Salvador that were deported from the U.S.The Republican from Kentucky also chairs a Senate subcommittee on federal spending oversight.The annual document cites a report first published on Jan. 4, which found that the Obama administration has given $50,000 in taxpayer money to illegal immigrants who were deported from the U.S. back to their home country of El Salvador.
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Senate Democratic leader Chuck Schumer on Monday said he had written to Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell urging bipartisan effort to stabilize the U.S. health insurance market. Schumer noted that McConnell had been quoted recently as saying Congress will need to shore up that market if lawmakers fail to repeal Obamacare. 
NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump said on Thursday he had signed an executive order that would allow the United States to ramp up sanctions on North Korean firms in an effort to dissuade Pyongyang from pursuing its nuclear missile program.  Our new executive order will cut off sources of revenue that fund North Korea s efforts to develop the deadliest weapons known to humankind,  he told reporters ahead of a luncheon meeting with the leaders of Japan and South Korea. He said North Korea s textiles, fishing, information technology, and manufacturing industries were among those the United States could target. 
CHICAGO (Reuters) - An Illinois lawmaker on Monday introduced a bill to ban the forcible removal of travelers from flights by state or local government employees after a United Airlines passenger was dragged from an aircraft last week. The Airline Passenger Protection Act, sponsored by  Republican state Representative Peter Breen, came after Dr. David Dao, 69, was pulled from a United flight at Chicago’s O’Hare International Airport to make space for four crew members.  The treatment of Dao sparked international outrage, as well as multiple apologies from the carrier, and raised questions about the overbooking policies of airlines. Under Breen’s measure, passengers could not be removed from flights unless they were presenting a danger to themselves or others, an emergency was taking place or the passenger had caused a serious disturbance, according to a copy of the bill introduced in the state capital, Springfield.    “A commercial airline that removes validly seated customers without serious cause breaches the sacred trust between passengers and their airlines,” the bill said.  The legislation would also bar the state of Illinois from making travel arrangements, doing business with or having investments in any commercial airline that maintained a policy of removing paying passengers to make room for employees traveling on non-revenue tickets.  Dao, who was traveling to Louisville, Kentucky, on April 9, suffered a broken nose, a concussion and lost two teeth when he was pulled from his seat by officers from the Chicago Department of Aviation to make room for four employees on the overbooked flight.  The three officers, who have not been named, were put on paid leave last week, the department said.  “The treatment of the passenger in last week’s incident at O’Hare is inexcusable and must be stopped,” Breen said in a statement. “It reflected badly on the airline, the City of Chicago, and the State of Illinois.” United Chief Executive Oscar Munoz on Monday again apologized for the incident. [nL1N1HP1HM] United said on Friday it was changing its policy on booking its flight crews onto its own planes. The company did not immediately respond to a request for comment on the Illinois bill. Lawyers for Dao have moved to preserve evidence from the flight, filing a motion to keep surveillance videos and other materials related to United Flight 3411 in preparation for a possible lawsuit.  The city and United agreed to preserve the evidence, Dao’s attorney said on Saturday. 
Lauren Southern is one tough reporter. She s not afraid to jump into the middle of the fire in order to get the truth out to Americans who rely on unreliable leftist sources of information like NYT s, The Huffington Post, PBS, The Washington Post,  CNN, MSNBC, ABC, NBC, CBS. She starts out her video sarcastically telling her viewers,  As we know, right-leaning viewers like myself are some of the most gullible people on the planet.  Southern then tells readers not to worry because, Our corporate masters are so kind and helpful, making sure no wrong thing gets through to our little ignorant minds.  She tells viewers not to worry, us half-wits  are in good hands, because social media corporations like Facebook and Google are helping you out by  cracking down on fake news sources  by using leftist sources like Snopes and Politfact to tell you what you should, and should not believe:  I don t know about you, but once I found out about this amazing system, I realized just how lucky I am that now only myself or any other simpletons online will fall for lies ever again.   Sometimes  fake news  doesn t just blow up in the metaphorical sense, where everyone shares it around on social media, but literally as well. In 1993 NBC actually rigged a truck with explosives in order to claim  General Motors vans were likely to catch on fire after crashing. Lauren has a few tips for Americans who are sick and tired of being told which news people should, or should not believe in. Southern starts out her video rant by pointing out how  fortunate  we are to have large corporations who she identifies as our  corporate masters with a liberal bent telling  right-leaning voters like myself, who are some of the most gullible people on the planet what is and isn t  fake news.' Southern warns against trusting that a group of left-leaning social media corporations have your best interests in mind when they hire leftist organizations to tell you what news you should or should not believe. She asks her viewers:  With all of the fake news that is floating around, what are we supposed to do? Well, it seems like we have 2 options: The first one is to stop reading the news permanently. We all know the corporate media will lie to you for profit. Google is filtering what we see. Facebook is surpassing stories that have a conservative bent and stops them from trending at all. I personally prefer option 2 where Facebook and Google and whoever else can just stop pretending to be the complete arbiters of truth with their stupid filters and promises of  objectivity  and go let s back to using our own heads to discern what is and is not a real news story, and compare and contrast facts provided by all news sites from all political viewpoints. It s not that hard. So Facebook, Google and all the rest of you who want to control our news, why don t you guys just screw off! By the way, it s not just Facebook and Google that are helping you to decide what you should and shouldn t believe, Twitter and Youtube are joining in to help viewers determine what content that users post on their social media platforms they deem  reliable  or  unreliable.  Behind the curtain, you will likely find hosts from CNN, MSNBC, ABC, CBS, NBC clapping their hands like seals, as this effort to shut down alternate media sources is beginning to effect revenue streams of top conservative sites like Breitbart News. Like a  Scarlett Letter,  advertisers are now using lists provided to them by leftist organizations to determine who they should or should not advertise with. And since there are very few (if any) left-leaning websites on those lists, you may have already guessed it, publications like the NYT s who have been losing huge amounts of ad revenues to alternative news sources that are eating their lunches, will be able to re-pocket those profits once they regain their monopoly on the news.
Paul Ryan s  omnibus  spending bill gives Obama funding for his Syrian refugee scheme, Planned Parenthood, Obamacare, amnesty, NSA domestic spying, sanctuary cities for illegals, eliminates the budget sequester, and much more. The bill is another 2,000 page whale that has become so common in the Obama era, so there hasn t even been enough time yet to parse the bill and find out what s in it. Doesn t that sound like a former Speaker of the House? And I m not talking about John Boehner. No, in one fell swoop, Paul Ryan has turned out to be even worse than John Boehner. This bill is downright Pelosian in its terribleness. This is a slap in the face to the American people. We hope that once you recover from shock after reading this list, you ll pick up the phone and call DC to voice your anger. Please make the effort to jam the phone lines with angry patriots who are 100% FED Up! with big government. The Capitol Switchboard: 202-224-3121- Just call and ask for whomever you d like to yell at  Here s a list of some of the most egregious things I ve been able to find about this bill.Bail outs for failing health insurance companies under Obamacare Massively expand the foreign worker program, quadrupling the issuance of low-wage visas Fund Obama s unconstitutional amnesty program Fund Planned Parenthood Fund the Paris climate deal Fund sanctuary cities for illegal immigrants Fund Obama s refugee programs Fund financial assistance to resettle illegal aliens within the United States Fund tax credits for illegal aliens Lock in massive spending increases and permanently eliminate the sequester cuts Fund NSA domestic spying Permanently ends the tax deduction for state and local sales taxes, forcing double and triple taxes on the same income Gives special tax breaks that aren t available to ordinary citizens to film companies, green energy companies, NASCAR, race horses, and more Delays the Obamacare  Cadillac Tax,  buying Democrats more time to preserve the law. Funds a $390 million new headquarters for the FBI Extends tax credits to families that pay little or no taxes to begin with (which is just pure wealth redistribution) Increases spending at dozens of Federal agencies including Obama s corrupt Justice Department and the VA Funds Obama s Net Neutrality scheme Allows Obama s plan for a $500 million donation to the  Green Climate Fund  Funds the EPA s infringement on privately owned bodies of water Funds the EPA s infringement on coal power plants Funds a bailout for the failing IMF Makes it easier for Federal departments to spend more than their budgets allow for by offering  changes in mandeory program spending.  Funds an expansion of the FAA s power (who, by the way, recently started regulating toy helicopters) Renews spending on the Department of Transportations  stimulus  program Funds a bailout for Puerto Rico s failing economy Allows the Federal Government to issue subpoenas without a judges signature for American s private emails Funds multi-billion giveaways to Jordan, Tunisia, and EgyptThere s more but this list is a start!Via: Poor Richard s News
RIYADH (Reuters) - Saudi Arabia s Finance Ministry said on Sunday that the kingdom s decision to set up an anti-corruption committee and detain prominent figures enhanced confidence in the rule of law, Al Arabiya television reported.  The decisions preserve Saudi Arabia s investment climate, the Saudi-owned television channel said.  Saudi Arabia announced the committee and the detentions late on Saturday. 
LONDON (Reuters) - Scotland s independence-minded devolved government said it respected the position of the Catalonian regional government that declared independence from Spain on Friday.  We understand and respect the position of the Catalan Government,  Scottish Cabinet Secretary for External Affairs Fiona Hyslop said in a statement.  While Spain has the right to oppose independence, the people of Catalonia must have the ability to determine their own future,  she said.  Today s Declaration of Independence came about only after repeated calls for dialogue were refused.  She added:  The European Union has a political and moral responsibility to support dialogue to identify how the situation can be resolved peacefully and democratically.   
Screaming leftists interrupted Donald Trump s speech today at the Faith and Freedom Conference in Washington DC. Trump blamed Democrats for the latest outburst. 
Join Patrick every Wednesday at Independent Talk 1100 KFNX and Alternate Current Radio for the very best in news, views and analysis on all top stories domestically and abroad THIS WEEK: Episode 9 This week saw a media storm, as the President-Elect Trump took on the real  fake news  empire led by CNN and NBC s online tabloid BuzzFeed. Also, Yemenis must be celebrating now that globalist UN Secretary General Ban ki-Moon announced he s finally heading for retirement.Host Patrick Henningsen is joined by special guest Doyel Shamley, newly elected Apache County Supervisor and head of Veritas Research Consulting to discuss the serious challenges facing Arizona and the 11 western states, including Native American tribal government, as well as environmental and water issues, problems with federal land management, and the systematic threat to rural living posed by bureaucratic and federal corruption. Listen Listen to  EP 9: Patrick Henningsen Live   With Guest Doyel Shamley  on Spreaker.This program broadcasts LIVE every Wednesday night from 8pm to 9pm MST, right after the Savage Nation, on Independent Talk 1100 KFNX over the terrestrial AM band across the greater Phoenix and central Arizona region, and live over global satellite and online via www.1100kfnx.com.LISTEN TO MORE INTERVIEWS AT PATRICK HENNINGSEN LIVE  SHOW ARCHIVES
LONDON (Reuters) - Britain and the European Union have failed to fully agree a deal on Brexit, the BBC Europe editor said on Monday.  No deal today I ve just been told #brexit,  Katya Adler said.  
BERN (Reuters) - Switzerland and the European Union, its main trading partner, made headway on Thursday on clinching a new treaty meant to cement ties, and Bern pledged fresh contributions to EU coffers. The head of the EU Commission, Jean-Claude Juncker, and Swiss President Doris Leuthard gave an upbeat assessment of ties, which are on the mend after the Swiss parliament last year skirted voters  calls for curbing immigration from the bloc.  Things are going in the right direction,  Juncker told a news conference after meetings in the Swiss capital.  Shaky prospects for progress in the talks had prompted last-minute consultations on Monday to check whether the visit would even take place, a diplomat involved said. But Leuthard said Switzerland was on track to contribute another 1.3 billion Swiss francs ($1.33 billion) in  cohesion payments  to the EU budget over 10 years as a sign of solidarity. Legislation would go to parliament next year. The two sides did not achieve a breakthrough on a  framework  treaty Brussels wants to replace more than 100 bilateral accords now governing relations. This would ensure Switzerland adopts relevant EU laws in return for enhanced access to the bloc s single market, crucial for Swiss exports.  Such a pact is anathema to the anti-EU Swiss People s Party (SVP), the biggest in parliament. Many conservative politicians as well worry that any deal giving EU judges a role in settling disputes plays into the SVP s hands before 2019 elections.  They hope Britain s divorce talks with Brussels may open new avenues for Swiss-EU ties. While Britain seems set to leave the single market and to impose controls on immigration, Switzerland is keen to ensure EU citizens can continue to live and work here   the price for its  enhanced access to the EU market. Juncker said he was taking pains to ensure the Brexit issue and Swiss talks remained separate. Leuthard said the foreign judges issue remained a tricky one but added:  We found some flexibility here and will go into this in more depth in the months ahead.  She did not elaborate. Bilateral ties suffered when Swiss voters in 2014 demanded quotas on EU immigration, but thawed after parliament last year adopted instead a system giving people registered as unemployed in Switzerland first crack at open jobs. Agreements on mutual recognition of industrial standards and combining carbon trading systems followed, and Brussels is expected soon to recognize Swiss financial rules as sufficient. A new treaty could pave the way for heightened Swiss access to EU power markets, cutting costs and ensuring supplies in emergencies. It could also help open the EU market for financial services for Swiss-based banks and insurers. The EU has made clear the treaty is a precondition for such deals, which in theory could make a pact more attractive to Swiss voters in an inevitable referendum. Without accompanying perks, the treaty is  a sitting duck , one EU diplomat said. While a treaty is also a stated aim of the Swiss government, mainstream conservatives are wary of the  foreign judges  angle.  They worry this hands the SVP a stick with which to beat them. A survey this month by gfs.bern for Credit Suisse showed 60 percent of Swiss back the current web of bilateral accords, down sharply from 81 percent in 2016. Support for ending the accords rose 9 points to 28 percent. The survey reflected how contradictory Swiss wishes can be. Nearly 80 percent favor quotas to control immigration, while 85 percent want free access to foreign markets. The SVP has mounted a referendum campaign to scrap the bilateral accords and seize control of immigration to a country whose population is already a quarter foreign.  ($1 = 0.9799 Swiss francs) 
TWO PROTAGONISTS: Jesus Campos, and alleged shooter Stephen Paddock.Last week, 21WIRE reported how the Las Vegas police and FBI had suddenly changed their story of the timeline of events associated with Mandalay Bay security guard  hero  and police star witness, Jesus Campos and the alleged shooter Stephen Paddock. *Note*   The Las Vegas mass shooting, currently modern America s deadliest, has already been cycled out of most trending media reports in less than two weeks, as most mainstream outlets have now focused the public s attention on a ready-to-go show trial involving disgraced Hollywood movie mogul Harvey Weinstein. In addition, reportage by former Project Veritas operative Laura Loomer, suggests that the Campos family may have had a gag order placed on them not to talk about the mass-shooting case.Now we can report that Jesus Campos is missing.This has all the hallmarks of a cover-up. Not surprisingly, the mainstream media appear to be disinterested in this story now.FOX News confirmed this morning:The Mandalay Bay security guard who disappeared last week moments before he was scheduled to break his silence in television interviews has not been seen since he went to a walk-in health clinic, his union president said.David Hickey of the Security, Police, and Fire Professionals of America (SPFPA) told reporters Friday that he got a text the night before saying Jesus Campos was taken to a UMC Quick Care facility, though he did not specify where or whom the text came from.A spokesperson at the UMC Quick Care, which has eight locations throughout the Las Vegas area, told Fox News on Monday that they had  heard nothing  about Campos visiting them.Multiple requests from Fox News for SPFPA to comment on the matter were not returned Monday.Hickey said he was meeting with MGM officials Thursday afternoon in the hours before Campos  scheduled television appearances, including one with Fox News.LAS VEGAS SECURITY GUARD JESUS CAMPOS DISAPPEARS MOMENTS BEFORE TV INTERVIEWS For the past four days he s been preparing   we had a meeting with MGM officials, and after that meeting was over, we talked about the interviews, we went to a private area, and when we came out, Mr. Campos was gone,  Hickey told reporters, according to Fox 5 Las Vegas.Hickey said Campos had requested to go public and wanted to tell his story and move on from the Oct. 1 shooting investigation. Police say he was shot just before the crazed gunman killed 58 at music festival on the Las Vegas Strip   though the sequence of events is still in dispute.Campos was last photographed in public on Oct. 10, accepting an  SPFPA Hero Award  for bravery in the line of duty, while dining with Hickey and others at a high-end Vegas steakhouse. But soon afterward, investigators said that the security guard was shot before the massacre, raising questions about whether the hotel did enough to prevent the bloodshed.Hickey has said that before he vanished, Campus was looking forward to telling his side of the story. Right now I m just concerned where my member is, and what his condition is. It s highly unusual,  Hickey said Friday.  I m hoping everything is OK with him and I m sure MGM or the union will let (media) know when we hear something,  he said.(Fox News  Greg Norman contributed to this report)SEE ALSO: The Las Vegas Mass Shooting   More to the Story Than We ve Been ToldREAD MORE DAILY SHOOTER NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Daily Shooter FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @ 21WIRE.TV
The race card thing is getting old fast The Austin County Sheriff s Office released the dash camera video of a July 14 traffic stop of State Representative Garnet Coleman Tuesday to refute claims Coleman made last week about being disrespected and treated  like a child. Coleman, as the chair of the Committee on County Affairs, held a hearing last Thursday in Austin as the first public inquiry into the arrest and death of Sandra Bland in Waller County. In that hearing, Coleman recounted his own history of being pulled over in traffic stops and gave this account of an I-10 traffic stop that happened just two weeks ago. He talked to me like I was a child,  he said of the sheriff s deputy who pulled him over for speeding.  He was so rude and nasty. Even when he found out I was a legislator, he became more rude and nasty. And I didn t understand why this guy was continuing to go on and on and treat me like a child. And basically like I m saying is treat me like a boy. I want to be very clear about that,  Coleman said in the committee hearing.  Via: Breaking 911KHOU    The Texas Municipal Police Association, the Harris County Deputies Organization, the Houston Police Officers  Union and the Dallas Police Union all issued demands for Coleman to apologize for his  fabrication  of the events in the traffic stop. Sheriff Brandes asked Coleman to apologize for his remarks about the sheriff s deputy. Instead, Coleman seemed to double down on the race card  boy  word. They may not have [thought it was rude],  Coleman told KHOU.  But they weren t sitting in my seat. And, if you know the history of my people, you know that being treated like a child or a boy is not something that we accept very well. The Houston Police Officers Union (HPOU) issued a strong rebuke to Coleman.  Our organization has supported Representative Coleman during his tenure in the Texas Legislature, however, since Representative Coleman refuses to own up to the fact that his statements in committee regarding the stop were in fact not true and completely out of line, we have no choice but to discontinue our support of him. Via: Weasel Zippers Black Democratic Texas State Rep Claims  Mistreatment  By Police During Traffic Stop, Video Shows Anything But
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Members of the U.S. House of Representatives Intelligence Committee are close to an agreement on how to overhaul a controversial National Security Agency surveillance program and hope to complete legislation soon, the top Democrat on the panel said on Wednesday. Representative Adam Schiff said he had proposed a compromise that would let intelligence agencies query a database of information on Americans in national security cases without a warrant, but would require a warrant to use the information in other cases, such as those involving serious violent crime. “This would prevent law enforcement from simply using the database as a vehicle to go fishing, but at the same time it would preserve the operational capabilities of the program,” Schiff told reporters. At issue is Section 702 of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act, which allows the NSA to collect vast amounts of digital communications from foreign suspects living outside the United States. U.S. intelligence officials consider Section 702 among the most vital of tools at their disposal to thwart national security threats. But the program, classified details of which were exposed in 2013 by former NSA contractor Edward Snowden, incidentally gathers communications of Americans, such as when they compete with foreigners. Currently, those communications can then be subject to searches without a warrant. Congress must renew Section 702 in some form by Dec. 31 or the program will expire. Schiff said he believed the compromise would be acceptable to many lawmakers, as well as the intelligence community and the Federal Bureau of Investigation. It is similar to legislation backed by the House Judiciary Committee. However, there are still deep divides in both the Senate and the House over what to do about Section 702, as lawmakers balance demands for more privacy protections with spy agencies’ desire to preserve what they see as a valuable tool. There are different renewal proposals in the House and Senate. One Senate bill would not require any warrants, which Schiff said he did not think could pass the House. It was not clear whether lawmakers will vote on a standalone 702 bill or whether it would be part of a broader must-pass bill, such as a spending measure Congress must pass next month to keep the government open. Another possibility would be a short-term extension to keep the current surveillance system in place and give Congress more time to come up with a solution that could become law. 
 
(Reuters) - The U.S. Supreme Court on Monday upheld federal disclosure rules for political advertising, rejecting an appeal by a Denver-based libertarian think tank that wanted to run an ad without being forced to divulge its major donors. The Denver-based Independence Institute sued the Federal Election Commission, arguing the law requiring such disclosure violated its free speech rights under the U.S. Constitution’s First Amendment. The Supreme Court affirmed a lower court’s ruling last year in favor of the commission. It was the latest in a decade-long series of cases brought by conservatives aiming to roll back federal campaign finance restrictions. The Independence Institute was supported in the case by influential Republican and conservative voices including Republican Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell and the  Judicial Watch legal activist group as well as the U.S. Chamber of Commerce business group. The institute, ahead of the 2014 congressional elections, had sought to run a radio advertisement about increasing prison costs, telling listeners to urge their Colorado U.S. senators to support sentencing reform. Because the ad mentioned a senator by name in the lead up to an election, it triggered a provision in the 2002 campaign finance statute known as the McCain-Feingold law requiring the institute to file with the election commission and disclose any donors supporting the ad. The law was enacted to combat an explosion of what is known as “soft money” in campaigns through so-called sham issue advertisements, which cloaked partisan advocacy in discussions of public policy. Though the Supreme Court allowed unlimited campaign spending by corporations and unions in its landmark 2010 decision in the Citizens United v Federal Election Commission case, the court also upheld disclosure requirements for campaign ads. The Federal Election Commission said that for more than a century federal law has required organizations that influence elections to disclose information about their funding sources, a principle upheld in the Citizens United ruling. The Independence Institute sued in federal court in Washington in a bid to keep the names of its donors secret, arguing that its proposed ad focused on the sentencing reforms that senators were considering, not any senator’s re-election campaign.  Last October, a three-judge panel of the federal court ruled against the group, saying it would be impossible to distinguish genuine issue ads that reference candidates from campaign-style ads that openly promote or disparage a candidate.  
Alert! Alinsky tactics at work here! Remember  Pick a Target? Well, the media and Deep State have picked their target Breitbart News has been exposing H.R. McMaster so now the media and Deep State are going hard after Steve Bannon EVEN HARDER THAN THEY HAD BEEN BEFORE. The media and politicians have been targeting Bannon since the election. They ve been calling him all of the usual names like  Nazi  or  White Supremacist . They re clearly afraid of Bannon because he has the media and the left figured out just like Breitbart did. We re hoping Bannon won t get squeezed out by Kelly and McMaster! This could cause a HUGE policy shift for the Trump presidency. Not good, not good at all for Trump supporters who want America back after 8 awful years of Obama.White House National Security Adviser H.R. McMaster repeatedly refused  say whether he could work with chief strategist Steve Bannon Sunday on  Meet The Press,  dodging the question three times! Three times! This is a Deep State wake up call!IS BANNON ON THE WAY OUT? NOT GOOD!Did you notice that Scaramucci went after President Trump today? AND Steve Bannon? Yes, he was on the morning shows letting it rip on those two!Axios reported Saturday that Bannon has entered President Donald Trump s doghouse and that top officials believe he s part of leaks meant to target McMaster. Bannon was previously executive chairman of Breitbart, and the right-wing website has published a series of stories attacking McMaster in recent weeks.SHOULDN T THE TRUTH COME OUT ON MCMASTER?New Chief of Staff John Kelly has said he will not tolerate the infighting and anonymous comments to the media that characterized predecessor Reince Priebus  tenure, according to Politico.Earlier in the interview, host Chuck Todd asked what was  going on  between him and Bannon. McMaster dismissed the saga as  a lot of noise  and didn t mention Bannon s name.At the end of the interview, Todd repeatedly asked McMaster if he could work together with Bannon, but McMaster wouldn t answer. Can you and Steve Bannon still work together in this White House or not?  Todd asked. I get to work together with a broad range of talented people, and it is a privilege every day to enable the national security team,  McMaster said. You didn t answer. Can you and Steve Bannon work in that same White House?  Todd asked. I am ready to work with anybody who will help advance the president s agenda and advance the security, prosperity of the American people,  McMaster said. Do you believe Steve Bannon does that?  Todd asked. I believe that everyone who works in the White House, who has the privilege, the great privilege every day of serving their nation, should be motivated by that goal,  McMaster said.VIA: WFB 
Donald Trump s damage control regarding his penchant for sexually assaulting women is reaching ever-darker corners of evilness. One of his accusers, Summer Zervos, who was a contestant on  The Apprentice  in 2006, and is a restaurant owner, is now being called a vindictive liar for coming forward about her experience with Trump.By her own first cousin, John Barry.According to Zervos, Trump got very physical with her: He put me in an embrace and I tried to push him away. I pushed his chest to put space between us and I said,  Come on man, get real.  He repeated my words back to me,  Get real,  as he began thrusting his genitals. Trump, of course, denies this and has dug up Barry to issue a statement that is absolutely vile   and is just another reason why so many of his victims stayed silent. This is Barry s full statement: I am completely shocked and bewildered by my cousin, Summer Zervos, and her press conference today. Ever since she was on The Apprentice she has had nothing but glowing things to say about Mr. Trump. For almost a decade, my cousin would talk about how much she looked up to Mr. Trump and viewed him as an inspiration   a success story she wanted to copy. Summer would also talk about how kind and caring Mr. Trump was on the show, and how he would even visit children in hospitals without telling the press. She has praised the good things he s done for her life, and in fact she converted her friends and our family to become Trump supporters even though we ve never been active in politics before.That was until Summer invited Mr. Trump to her restaurant during the primary and he said no. I think Summer wishes she could still be on reality TV, and in an effort to get that back she s saying all of these negative things about Mr. Trump. That s not how she talked about him before. I can only imagine that Summer s actions today are nothing more than an attempt to regain the spotlight at Mr. Trump s expense, and I don t think it reflects well. In a nutshell, Barry alleges that Zervos praised Trump and spoke glowingly of him for years, which obviously means she s lying now. The fact that Trump turned down an invitation of hers just further proves that she s out for revenge, and was never assaulted.There s even an email below Barry s statement that must, obviously, be rock-solid proof that Zervos is lying through her teeth.Right.Because that s always the way it goes. It doesn t even occur to Barry or anyone who believes him that she might have behaved that way out of fear that Trump would ruin her if she did anything. Trump is rich, powerful, impossibly vengeful, and has resources she can t even begin to dream of.In fact, fear of retaliation is one of the primary reasons sexual assault victims stay silent. Does anybody really believe that she could take on a man like Donald Trump, and actually come out of it in one piece? Other than misogynistic jerkwads who think women are to blame for rape culture because they stay silent?Trump and his brainwashed puddles of rotting pig vomit believe that all of this is just too coincidental   that all these women are ganging up on him specifically to derail his campaign. He s creating bizarre theories of a global conspiracy against him, orchestrated by the Clintons, and carried out by multiple institutions with whom he has a gripe.The truth is that he s a sad, paranoid, disgusting excuse of a pig who preys on women because he thinks they re only around to help him get his rocks off.Photo of Summer Zervos by Frederick M. Brown, photo of Donald Trump by Brian Blanco, via Getty Images.
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. House Natural Resources Committee Chairman Rob Bishop on Wednesday said Obama administration proposals to change a Puerto Rico debt relief bill are under negotiation, requiring the panel to cancel a Thursday work session on a Republican bill. “The administration is still negotiating on provisions of the legislation, creating uncertainty in both parties,” Bishop said in a prepared statement. He added that “it is unfair to all members to force a vote” in the committee as negotiations continue. Bishop, a Republican, had hoped to work on the legislation Thursday and hold a committee vote that would have sent it to the full House of Representatives for consideration. One congressional source told Reuters that the Thursday session was being canceled because the legislation lacked adequate support in the committee. 
BUCHAREST (Reuters) - Romania s lower house of parliament, which is dominated by the ruling Social Democrats, approved a bill on Monday that will change the way magistrates are supervised and which critics say threatens judicial independence and efforts to fight corruption.   Thousands of Romanians have rallied in the capital Bucharest and other cities over the past weeks protesting against government plans to overhaul the judicial system in one of European Union s most graft-prone member states. Lawmakers approved the bill by 179 votes to 90 vote. Parliament has been debating the legislation, which the European Commission and thousands of magistrates have said would put the judicial system under political control, since mid-November. The parliamentary commission which has debated the changes is headed former justice minister Florin Iordache, who quit in February after a decree on graft that he drafted triggered the biggest rallies since the 1989 anti-communist revolution. Contested elements of the bill include changes to a judicial inspection unit which oversees the conduct of magistrates. It will also change the way in which chief prosecutors are appointed and strip the president of the right to vet candidates, as well as amending the definition of prosecutors  activity to exclude the word  independent .  Prosecutors carry out their work according to the principles of legality, impartiality, hierarchical control, under the authority of justice minister,  reads the bill.      The bill also refers to the finance ministry s obligation to recoup any losses triggered by a judicial error from the judge who issued the sentence, instead of from state funds. Experts have said this would could potentially distort court judgments. The bill will be sent to the upper house, the senate, for debates. A vote in the senate, which has the final say on the bill, could be scheduled for later this month. Transparency International ranks Romania among the European Union s most corrupt states and Brussels keeps Romania s justice system under special monitoring. In a Nov. 15 report the European Commission said justice reform has stagnated this year and challenges to judicial independence remain a persistent source of concern. 
It s Thursday, July 20th. As of today, Donald Trump has been president for 6 months. The media coverage of the president is overwhelmingly negative: the press remains contemptuous, and they re pushing to get him out before he completes his first term.Investors might think differently. The great success of the Trump presidency thus far, is not what he s done, but what he promises to do, namely, get the economy going again. Evidently, investors believe he might yet get it done.Look at this: since his election win, the Trump rally has added $4.1 trillion to the nation s wealth. Anyone with a 401k, an IRA, college savings, retirement savings, mutual funds. Anyone with a dime in the market has taken a piece of that $4 trillion.   Fox NewsWhile President Trump has been incredibly busy working with American businesses and cutting trade deals with foreign leaders to benefit American businesses and workers, the media intentionally ignores his accomplishments, and focuses instead, on a manufactured Russian-collusion story.  Compare President Trump s first successful 6 months in office to those of media darling Barack Obama:From siding with terrorists hell-bent on destroying Israel, to ensuring federal funds could be used for abortion, to adding 17,000 more troops to a war Obama promised he would end, the first 2 months of Obama s presidency were about as anti-American as our nation has ever seen.  Wasn t anyone in the media just a tad bit curious about Barack Obama s first act as our newly sworn in president, that placed a temporary halt on the trials for terrorists at Guantanamo Bay?20 January 2009  Obama is sworn in as the 44th president of the US  Hours after taking office, Obama requests a temporary halt to Guant namo Bay trials.21 January  Hillary Clinton is confirmed as secretary of state.22 January  The president brings in executive orders aimed at reforming the US s detention policy. He orders the closure of  black sites , where CIA and European security services have interrogated terrorist suspects. He also orders interrogations of detainees across the entire US intelligence community to adhere to the US Army Field Manual and orders the closure of the Guant namo Bay prison within 12 months.23 January- Obama orders the end of the  Mexico City Rule  which had banned federal funding of NGOs that performed abortions or offered abortion counselling. It is strongly criticised by the Vatican.26 January  Obama outlines his energy policy, saying America must become more self-sufficient and calling for an  energy economy  to create jobs. He said the US should not be a  hostage to dwindling resources, hostile regimes, and a warming planet .27 January  In his first TV interview, to the al-Arabiya network, Obama spoke of improved relations with the Middle East. On Israel, he reiterated US support but said:  I do believe the moment is ripe for both sides to realise that the path that they are on is one that is not going to result in prosperity and security for their people. And that instead, it s time to return to the negotiating table. 29 January  Obama signs his first bill into law, the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act. The law ends a 2007 Supreme Court decision that said workers had only 180 days to file a pay discrimination lawsuit.5 February  The last terror trial at Guant namo Bay is halted after the judge dropped charges against a suspect in the bombing of the USS Cole in 2000.17 February  In Denver, Colorado, Obama signs into law the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act, aimed at rescuing the economy.WSJ    The $830 billion spending blowout was sold by the White House as a way to keep unemployment from rising above 8%. But the stimulus would fail on its own terms. 2009 marked the first of four straight years when unemployment averaged more than 8%. And of course the unemployment rate would have been even worse in those years and still today if so many people had not quit the labor force, driving labor-participation rates to 1970s levels. Given that Governments are generally the worst allocators of capital it should come as no real surprise that the money was squandered on non-productive investments. $783,000 was spent on a study of why young people consume malt liquor and marijuana. $92,000 went to the Army Corps of Engineers for costumes for mascots like Bobber the Water Safety Dog. $219,000 funded a study of college  hookups.' 17 February  Obama approves the sending of 17,000 more troops to Afghanistan.26 February  Obama submits to Congress a 140-page summary of his proposed budget for the next fiscal year. The budget restates his commitment to halve the federal deficit, and commits $630bn over the next 10 years to the reform of the health care system.27 February  In a speech at Camp Lejeune, North Carolina the President reaffirms his commitment to withdraw US troops from Iraq by the end of August 2010.3 March  Russia reveals it is considering an implied offer made by Obama last month to drop the US European missile defence plan in return for Russian assistance with Iran. Obama later denies the offer was made, though admits he sent the letter.By the third month of Donald Trump s presidency, the media was in full-frenzy mode over manufactured ties to President Trump and alleged hacking into our elections by the Russians. Every day, a new  unnamed source  was revealed an  unverified fact  about how Donald Trump or his administration was  allegedly  tied to Russian interference in our elections that the press believed ultimately led to Hillary Clinton s loss.  In his third anti-American month as president, the most the media could dig up on Barack Obama, was that his hair was turning grey. 5 March  Newspapers and blogs in the US are abuzz over the possibility that Obama s hair is already turning grey.9 March   The president removes restrictions on funding for stem cell research and a memorandum to protect science from political interference, reversing the Bush administration s strict policy.Barack Obama was only the President of the United States for 3 months (exactly) when he began to cozy up to Iran. At 3 months, he also began his quest to be the entertainment president, or the president who had the closest relationship to Hollywood liberals and hypocrites: 20 March   President Obama releases an historic video message for all those celebrating Nowruz, the Iranian New Year, speaking directly to the leaders of Iran.  Obama appears on The Tonight Show with Jay Leno, the first time that a sitting president has appeared as a guest on a late-night talk show. Commenting on his bowling ability he joked  it was like the Special Olympics, or something . He apologises to Tim Shriver, chairman of the Special Olympics, before the programme is broadcast.24 March  Obama publishes an op-ed piece in 30 global newspapers simultaneously, discussing the economic crisis.27 March  Obama announces a new approach to Afghanistan and Pakistan.Obama famously shook the hand of brutal dictator Hugo Chavez in the month of April. The same month marked the beginning of 8 long years of Obama ignoring the North Korean nuclear threat. It was also Obama s first underreported meeting with Russian president Dmitry Medvedev. One of the most reported news stories of the Obama presidency however, happened in April, when the Obama s purchased a dog for their daughters. 1 April  Obama holds a meeting with Russian president Dmitry Medvedev, looking to thaw relations.No mention was made by the media of Russian collusion or who was in the meeting with Obama and the Russian president. 5 April  Hours after North Korea launched a satellite many think was a cover for missile testing, Obama speaks about an end to nuclear arms in Prague. It was his first big foreign policy speech.Obama would continue to ignore the threat posed by North Korean dictator Kim Jong-Un for the remainder of his presidency, leaving President Trump to deal with a much more dangerous and developed nuclear North Korea 8 years later. Obama made his first public proclamation that we are not at war with Islam on April 6th:6 April  Obama speaks to the Turkish parliament, saying the US is not fighting against Islam.7 April  Obama makes a surprise visit to troops at Camp Victory near Baghdad. In his speech he says it is time to hand over control of the country to the Iraqis, who must make political concessions first.13 April  The Obama children get their promised puppy, a six-month-old Portuguese water dog called Bo.On April 6th, Obama attempts to discredit and humiliate the Bush administration. Meanwhile, George W. Bush has quietly slipped into retirement.16 April  The president releases memos from the Bush era detailing torture methods used by the CIA; he says agents involved would not be prosecuted. Dick Cheney has since defended the methods.18 April  Obama addresses the Summit of the Americas at the opening ceremony in Trinidad and Tobago. While there he controversially shakes hands with Venezuela leader Hugo Ch vez, who gives him a copy of Open Veins of Latin America.30 April  Obama rejects waterboarding as a legitimate form of interrogation.10 May  Obama plays it for laughs at the annual White House correspondents  dinner, making a swine flu joke about Hillary Clinton and alluding to the time Dick Cheney accidentally shot his hunting buddy. Ashton Kutcher tweeted (external site) from the front row.13 May  Obama blocks the release of photographs showing torture of prisoners in Iraq and Afghanistan.17 May- Obama is heckled by anti-abortion campaigners during a speech at the Catholic Notre Dame university, Indiana. The president discussed abortion during the speech.20 May  Obama announces a strict new auto emissions policy aimed at getting greener cars on the road.21 May  In an address at the National Archives in Washington, Obama says he remains determined to close Guantanamo and condemns torture interrogation techniques, a day after the Senate rejected the funding bill for the closure of the detention centre. Former vice president Dick Cheney disagreed.2 June  General Motors, the US s biggest carmaker, files for bankruptcy, the biggest manufacturing collapse in US history. Obama s restructuring plan will see the US government owning 60%.3 June  Obama begins a tour of the Middle East aimed at reviving peace negotiations and improving America s standing in the region. He will visit Saudi Arabia and Egypt, before travelling on to Germany and then France, for D-Day events.16 June  The president calls on North Korea to halt its quest for nuclear weapons.17 June   Obama announces an extension of health benefits to cover partners of gay federal workers.18 June  The president is criticised by animal rights group Peta for swatting a fly during an interview.23 June  Obama condemns Iran s reaction to protests against the disputed election there.27 June  Obama s historic climate change bill is passed by Congress.In July, Obama went to Russia to meet with the president for the second time in his first 6 months in office. The media never uttered a word about potential collusion by  unnamed sources.  July also marked the beginning of Obama s quest to force single payer health care on Americans that eventually led to the failed Obamacare that President Trump and the Republican led Congress is now responsible for repealing and replacing. Finally, the last day of Obama s 6 moths in office (July 31, 2009) will forever be known as the official start of Obama s race war on America: 6 July  Obama heads to Moscow for talks with Dmitry Medvedev, which will include discussions on how to reduce their nuclear weapons stockpiles.9 July  Obama attends the G8 summit in Italy, meeting the Pope and Muammar Gaddafi among others.21 July  Obama launches his campaign to overhaul the US healthcare system.22 July  Obama meets Iraqi president Nouri al-Maliki and confirms his intention to remove all US troops from Iraq by the end of 2010.27 July  A team of senior US officials visit Israel to negotiate for an end to Jewish settlements.31 July  Obama enjoys a beer with black Harvard professor Henry Gates and the white police officer who arrested him on suspicion of breaking into his own home, in an attempt to end the race row brewing over the incident.Obama First 6 months timeline via  The Guardian
DUBLIN (Reuters) - The unlikely choice of Argentinian communist guerrilla leader Ernesto  Che  Guevara, hero of the Cuban revolution, as the face of the new 1-euro postage stamp in Ireland is stoking controversy on both sides of the Atlantic. The traditionally Catholic country, which has never had a left-wing government, only established diplomatic relations with Cuba in 1999, 40 years after Guevara helped lead the Cuban revolution with Fidel Castro.  However Guevara s father, Ernesto Guevara Lynch, was a civil engineer of Irish descent   and the iconic red and black print of the long-haired Che known from t-shirts and posters around the world was produced by an Irish artist, Jim Fitzpatrick. On this basis Ireland s postal service this week issued the new stamp featuring Fitzpatrick s image of Guevara to mark the 50th anniversary of his death.  The postal service described Guevara, killed by CIA-backed Bolivian soldiers in Bolivia in 1967, as  the quintessential left-wing revolutionary.  It said demand for the stamp has rivaled that of its two previously most popular releases, commemorating the sinking of the Titanic and Ireland s 1916 Rising against British rule. But it was quickly reminded that Guevara remains for many symbol of the violent abuses of Cuba s communist government, with one Irish senator describing Guevara as  a barbaric interrogator, jailer and executioner of hundreds of supposed  class enemies .   It is my belief that he is most definitely not a suitable candidate for such an honor,  said Neale Richmond, a member of Irish governing party Fine Gael in a letter to Ireland s communications minister. Cuban-American radio host Ninoska Perez Castellon joined the fray urging listeners to write to the postal service to ask for the stamp to be scrapped. Fitzpatrick, whose 1968 print based on a picture taken by Cuban photographer Alberto Korda was adopted by left-wing students on t-shirts and posters, turning it into a global sign of rebellion, said he was not surprised by the response.  Irish anti-communists threatened to throw a brick through a local shop window when it displayed the image when he first produced it half a century ago.  It s not totally unexpected. It was a revolution and you have two parties of opposites and we had the same after the Civil War in this country,  Fitzpatrick told Reuters at his Dublin home, where the front room doubles as a studio with old drawings and sketches scattered about the desk.  I thought it was amazing that they (the postal service) wanted to do a stamp of Che and It was a great honor for me,  he said. Fitzpatrick, who has designed album covers for Irish rock star Sinead O Connor and the band Thin Lizzy, said in 2011 that he was seeking to obtain the copyright to his image of Che, to prevent  crass, commercial  use of it. A spokesman for the postal service said neither Fitzpatrick nor the estate of the photographer Korda was being paid for the use of the image on the stamp. 
BRUSSELS (Reuters) - In pledging to stay best friends with the European Union after Brexit, Theresa May is getting ahead of herself, say EU negotiators who want her to start putting the divorce money on the table as soon as Monday. Three days after the prime minister s speech in Renaissance Florence promising a warm and vibrant future relationship, her Brexit minister David Davis will launch a new round of talks in Brussels with the EU s Michel Barnier. And the Frenchman first wants details on May s broad promise to pay Britain s bills. Without  significant progress  on that and other elements of a planned treaty to ease Britain s passage out of the Union in March 2019, Barnier said, EU leaders will refuse to open any talks on a free trade and cooperation deal, let alone on the two-year transition to it that May requested. With German Chancellor Angela Merkel concentrating on her likely re-election in voting on Sunday, her coalition deputy still found time to echo French President Emmanuel Macron in ramming home the demand that Britain focus first on its exit.  We heard nothing concrete. It is time for the government of Great Britain to clearly state under what conditions it wants to leave the European Union,  Foreign Minister Sigmar Gabriel said. May s speech was intended to jolt the divorce talks out of deadlock, three months after they began and to demonstrate some unity in her government   notably on remaining in the EU single market and accepting its rules for a couple of years after Brexit, a bitter pill for some hardline opponents of EU membership. But much of her 35-minute address dwelt on the  Shared Future . A Facebook video targeted at continental neighbors emphasized the message with clips from the speech. A Dutch-language version led off with the bold caption:  Wij willen uw beste vriend en partner zijn    We want to be your best friend and partner. The tone went down well with some:  There are many positive elements, especially regarding the future relations,  a senior EU government official said.  On the other hand, on issues related with the separation there is not much clarity. We are looking forward to receiving detailed proposals.  May made two potentially important concessions on the other two criteria for moving on to trade talks: a direct role for the EU-UK exit treaty and for EU case law in British judges  rulings on the future rights of EU citizens in Britain; and she said Brexit would not immediately cost other states money. On the first, Barnier may repeat the EU demand for direct oversight by European Court of Justice; on the second, EU negotiators insist Britain will owe a share of Union spending for years after the budget May referred to, which ends in 2020. One potential benefit from a transition period may be that it lets Britain present its voters with a somewhat less hefty bill for leaving than the 60 billion euros ($70 billion) or so that Brussels reckons it would owe the EU come March 2019. About a third of that 60 billion represents what the EU wants Britain to pay into the current budget for 2019 and 2020, whether or not it remains in the single market. By staying in for a transition period, Britain could deduct that 20 billion euro payment from the one-off, pre-Brexit divorce settlement. Such payments to the EU have become a hot-button issue for British voters, somewhat to the frustration of EU negotiators who note that Britain s annual net contribution to the EU budget represents little more than 1 percent of its public spending. May will meet Donald Tusk, who chairs EU summits, over lunch in London on Tuesday and then the 27 leaders at dinner in Estonia on Thursday, just after Barnier and Davis are expected to have concluded the negotiating round in Brussels.  The Europeans insist they will not negotiate with May over Barnier s head, but this week could be an important moment in setting how quickly they are willing to open trade talks for the future   and indeed in determining how far mutual tactics of bluff and counter-bluff may risk ending in chaos without a deal. 
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The White House on Friday said it had asked Congress for $44 billion in supplemental disaster assistance to help those hurt by recent hurricanes that hit Puerto Rico, Texas, Florida and the U.S. Virgin Islands, far short of the aid some officials have called for. The White House said it expected to seek additional funds after a fuller analysis. U.S. Representative Frank Pallone and Senator Ron Wyden, both Democrats, called the request “a dereliction of duty by the Trump administration to American citizens in Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands that need our help. “This woefully inadequate funding request does not provide the necessary resources required to properly respond to the ongoing humanitarian crisis,” they added. Puerto Rico Governor Ricardo Rossello asked for $94.4 billion to rebuild the U.S. territory’s infrastructure. Texas was seeking $61 billion and Florida had asked for $27 billion. The $44 billion would be in addition to about $50 billion Congress previously approved for hurricane and disaster relief. White House budget director Mick Mulvaney said in a letter to House Speaker Paul Ryan that the $44 billion “does not represent the final request” for assistance for the victims, especially in Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands, where needs were still being assessed. “At this time, the administration is requesting an additional fiscal year 2018 funding in the amount of $44 billion and the necessary authorities to address ongoing recovery efforts,” Mulvaney said in the letter. The administration also wants Congress to approve new tax relief for victims of recent California wildfires, which mirror what Congress awarded recently to hurricane victims. The White House also wants to make houses of worship eligible for disaster relief funding. Senator John Cornyn of Texas, the No. 2 Republican in the chamber, on Thursday dismissed the latest request as “wholly inadequate” for his state. White House spokeswoman Sarah Sanders defended the request. “Up until this point Texas has not put any state dollars into this process. We feel strongly that they should step up and play a role and work with the federal government in this process. We did a thorough assessment and that was completed and this was the number that we put forward to Congress today,” she said. She said the new request “primarily addresses Texas and Florida Those storms took place ahead of Puerto Rico. The assessment for Puerto Rico hasn’t been completed yet. Once that’s done, we fully anticipate that there will be additional requests at that time.” 
21st Century WireAccording to reports, the FBI have obtained a warrant to examine newly discovered emails relating to possible classified material originating from Hillary Clinton s unauthorized private email server. The FBI will now pour through 650,000 emails found while investigating a laptop belonging to former US Congressman Anthony Weiner (photo, left) who has been caught in a  sexting  scandal alleged to have involved an underaged girl. Weiner is estranged husband of top Clinton aid and long-time confidant Huma Abedin. The process has begun, said an FBI source to the New York Times.This comes after a Friday afternoon announcement by embattled FBI Director James Comey stating the agency intended to reopen the previously closed investigation into former US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton s long-running email scandal.21WIRE reported on Comey s shock announcement Friday, and also detailed a leaked  memo supplied to Fox News  indicating that there might be an internal upheaval within the FBI over botching the previous leg of the investigation and possibly caving into the political pressure from the White House and the DOJ to drop the case in order to preserve Hillary Clinton s presidential run.Since the FBI announcement, the Clinton campaign has gone into full damage control mode, while the Trump campaign has enjoyed a small surge which has cut into Clinton s lead across all national polls. All this happening less than 10 days before voters go to the polls on Nov 8th.Oddly, Clinton, a former lawyer, has publicly demanded that the FBI  release all the information, and let the public know exactly what they have,  even though this would be a violation of legal procedures in a criminal investigation.Nevada Senator Harry Reid (photo, left) issued an open letter/press release accusing director Comey of somehow being in violation of the Hatch Act by attempting to interfere with a US election, stating, I am writing to inform you that my office has determined that these actions may violate the Hatch Act,  said Reid. Through your partisan actions, you may have broken the law,  he added.Congressman Trey Gowdy (SC-R), the Chairman of the House Select Committee on Benghazi, was the first to discover Clinton s illegal email server during the initial Benghazi hearings. According to Gowdy, this latest move by the FBI could net an indictment due to possible evidence of a cover-up. Gowdy s reponse on FOX News to Reid s letter was stunning: Thank God he s leaving (office), is my initial reaction. My second reaction is, I did not know Mormons used drugs. Anyone who is capable of sending out that press release has to be under the influence of something. Watch Gowdy here: SUPPORT 21WIRE   SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV 
 
When your presidential candidate is supported by the media of a corrupt tyrannical regime, that s a bad sign.North Korea is a sworn enemy of the United States, threatening us with nuclear strikes for many years and demanding that we pull our military out of South Korea, a move that would almost certainly be followed by a North Korean invasion of our ally.And that s precisely why North Korean media is enthusiastic about Donald Trump.According to NKNews.org,The article published in state media outlet DPRK Today also referred to Trump s proposal to hold direct talks with Kim Jong Un, praising the likely Republican nominee as a  wise politician  and  far-sighted presidential candidate. In my personal opinion, there are many positive aspects to the Trump s  inflammatory policies ,  wrote Han Yong Mook, who introduced himself as a Chinese North Korean scholar. Trump said  he will not get involved in the war between the South and the North,  isn t this fortunate from North Koreans  perspective? Indeed, it would be most fortunate for North Korea because they wouldn t have to fight our military and South Korea s military at the same time in their effort to unite the two Koreas under a single banner. Of course, uniting would come at a great cost to South Korea since Kim Jong Un would still be the dictator of a united Korea. That is non-negotiable as far as the North Korean leader is concerned.Trump has already threatened to pull US forces out of South Korea unless the government in Seoul increases domestic military spending. Furthermore, he has indicated that he would like to negotiate with North Korean dictator Kim Jong Un.DPRK Today especially likes this and urged Trump to do it. Yes do it, now   Who knew that the slogan  Yankee Go Home  would come true like this? The day when the  Yankee Go Home  slogan becomes real would be the day of Korean Unification. They even went so far as to attack Hillary Clinton on Trump s behalf, which every single American should be concerned about. The president that U.S. citizens must vote for is not that dull Hillary   who claimed to adapt the Iranian model to resolve nuclear issues on the Korean Peninsula   but Trump, who spoke of holding direct conversation with North Korea. Seriously, North Korea is part of the  axis of evil  former President Bush spoke of during his tenure in the White House. Now the Republican Party has gone from that to being endorsed by North Korean media.Aidan Foster-Carter of the University of Leeds, who is Honorary Senior Research Fellow in Sociology and Modern Korea, viewed the media support as concerning. Admittedly it is not exactly Pyongyang speaking, or at least not the DPRK government in an official capacity,  Foster-Carter conceded.  But it is certainly Pyongyang flying a kite, or testing the waters. For the rest of us, this is a timely reminder   if it were needed   of just how completely Trump plans to tear up established U.S. policy in the region; and what an irresponsible, unthinking menace the man is. Again, the Republican presidential nominee has the support of North Korea because he has threatened to weaken South Korea if Seoul does not comply with his demands.Trump has even expressed admiration for the way Kim Jong Un kills people to retain power. You ve got to give him credit. How many young guys   he was like 26 or 25 when his father died   take over these tough generals and all of a sudden, you know, it s pretty amazing when you think of it. How does he do that? Even though it is a culture, and it s a culture thing, he goes in, he takes over, he s the boss. It s incredible. He wiped out the uncle, he wiped out this one, that one. I mean this guy doesn t play games. Every American should be very concerned and very scared about this, especially Republicans who claim they care about our national security and the security of our closest allies.Featured Image: Joe Raedle/Getty Images
No matter which candidate you re pulling for to be the Democratic presidential nominee, you re likely to find the cold open from Saturday Night Live s season finale pretty damn hilarious. Of course there will be some who won t see it as funny, and those people need to calm the hell down, because it s comedy and no one is perfect, and SNL just perfectly encapsulated what s happening in the Democratic race, whether you like it or not.Both Kate McKinnon and Larry David reprised their roles as Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders, and met up at a bar to unwind from what s been a pretty grueling race. The bartender announces that the bar is closing, but Bernie refuses to leave announcing that he ll leave when he s good and ready to leave. It s at this point that Hillary and Bernie have one last drink at the bar   Bernie a drink that that s  refreshing and revolutionary  that  draws huge crowds,  while Hillary had a beer  no one likes, but gets the job done. The pair then rehashes over the campaign and what they might have done differently, and while Bernie admits that he secretly imagines being a millionaire and eating fancy foods, Hillary  admits  that she  really really  wants to be president. Something Bernie is keenly aware of.Hillary then invites Bernie to dance where, of course, she insists on leading, and the two dance off throughout the SNL studio.It s going to be a long summer without the SNL cast going after the candidates from both sides at every turn, but one thing is for certain, the season premiere this fall is bound to be pretty damn epic.Watch the cold open here:Featured image via video screen capture
A big slap in the face to an overreaching government who is more worried about protecting the reputations of our tyrannical president in public than our most basic right to free speech The Thomas More Law Center (TMLC), a national public interest law firm based in Ann Arbor, Michigan, filed a federal lawsuit on behalf of the plaintiffs in August 2014, challenging the enactment of the ordinance which restricted the plaintiffs  right to demonstrate and display signs calling for the impeachment of President Obama and the end to illegal immigration on city overpasses over designated highways.U.S. District Judge David Godbey for the Northern District Court of Texas entered the consent judgment, marking the first time that the City of Dallas admitted its ordinance was an unconstitutional restriction on freedom of speech and freedom of assembly.Erin Mersino, TMLC Senior Trial Counsel handling the case, commented,  It is a good day for free speech. Overpasses for America and Valerie Villarreal may now resume their important demonstrations without fear of being fined or retaliated against by the City. We re asking our readers to consider making a donation (in any amount) to this amazing law firm who does so much to protect our freedoms from a tyrannical government: Donate to the Thomas More Law Center by clicking HEREIn November 2014, just three months after TMLC filed their initial lawsuit against the city, the Dallas City Council voted to repeal the ordinance. During the repeal process, however, the City refused to acknowledge that the ordinance unconstitutionally attacked Free Speech that criticized President Obama and the flood of illegal immigration encouraged by the Obama administration s complete disregard of federal immigration laws. The judgment entered by the District Court, however, specifically declares that the Dallas ordinance was a violation of Overpasses for America s First Amendment rights to free speech and free assembly. The judgment also awarded nominal damages as requested by the Plaintiffs in recognition of the City of Dallas  violation of the Overpasses members  Free Speech and Freedom of Assembly rights, and provided a settlement amount for attorneys  fees and costs.Before the enactment of the City s ordinance, the North Dallas Chapter of Overpasses for America had held over 75 demonstrations on the pedestrian overpasses in Dallas, without a single traffic incident. Nevertheless, the City Council moved forward with the restrictive ordinance under the guise that it was necessary for public safety.Overpasses for America is a nonpartisan grassroots movement that calls for accountability among our nation s leaders.Overpasses for America demonstrators frequently use pedestrian overpasses to spread their messages and to reach a large and diverse audience. Several cities, however, have sought to silence these concerned citizens.Richard Thompson, President and Chief Counsel of TMLC, stated:  The concerns of a majority of Americans on crucial public issues have little impact on the Washington political establishment.That s why it s so important to defend the free speech rights of grassroots organizations like Overpasses for America, whose members feel it s their patriotic duty to get their message out and mobilize their fellow citizens. TMLC is currently representing two plaintiffs in a case challenging a similar ordinance in the Town of Campbell, Wisconsin that case is currently pending before the U.S. Seventh Circuit Court of Appeals.Here is the incident that took place in Campbell, WI:Here are members of the Overpasses For America group defending their free speech right in front of the Campbell, WI City Council:Via: Thomas More Law Center
MOSCOW (Reuters) - Ksenia Sobchak, a Russian TV personality planning to run against Vladimir Putin in next year s presidential election, attacked his policies on Tuesday but said she would not personally insult him in the campaign because he was a family friend. Sobchak, 35, and the daughter of a former mayor of St Petersburg for whom Putin once worked, said she does not expect to beat Putin, who is a runaway favorite for re-election in March if he chooses to run again. But she said she wants to provide an alternative choice for Russian voters who are frustrated with mainstream politicians. Alexei Navalny, a fierce critic of Putin, has said he believes Sobchak is being used by the Kremlin to blunt protests by liberals alienated from the political process, though she has  denied doing the Kremlin s bidding.  I tell you honestly: I m running against everyone, and this refers to Vladimir Putin,  she said. But she added:  I personally will not insult Putin.   For some, he is a tyrant and dictator ... but for me this is a person who, first of all, helped my father in a difficult situation and de facto saved his life,  she told a news conference to unveil her campaign team. She did however state her opposition to Putin possibly running for a fourth term in power.  I am against the corrupt system which was built in our country during these years and I am against anyone, including Putin, being in power for 18 years.   The fact that the country has no fair elections is the result of those 18 years.  Sobchak is the daughter of Anatoly Sobchak, a reformist Petersburg mayor who hired Putin as an official in City Hall in the 1990s. Sobchak became his mentor. Sobchak lost the mayor s job in a 1996 election. He later moved to France and became the subject of a criminal investigation in Russia for receiving bribes and abuse of office. He denied wrongdoing, saying the case was politically-motivated. The case against him was dropped in 1999, soon after Putin became prime minister. When Sobchak died in 2000, Putin attended his funeral.  Opinion polls show that Putin, 65, who has dominated Russian politics for nearly two decades, will comfortably win re-election if, as most analysts expect, he decides to seek a fourth term in March. He has so far kept silent about his plans. 
BEIJING (Reuters) - Chinese President Xi Jinping said on Thursday that China will persist with the goal of denuclearizing the Korean peninsula and  solving the issue through talks. Xi made the comment standing next to U.S. President Donald Trump who is visiting China. 
 We are way past any further discussion or debate. Scientists are as sure that humans are causing climate change as they are that cigarette smoke causes lung cancer. So unless you want to debate that point, don t debate about climate change any longer because it is our moral responsibility to act. That responsibility right now is crystal clear and that is why we have taken action.  
Just when you thought Kentucky County Clerk Kim Davis would drift off into obscurity (as she should) she reemerges just as hate-filled and full of drivel as ever during an interview with Frank Wright of D. James Kennedy Ministries. Neither of these people understand how the Constitution works as supreme law of the land.Davis still seems to believe that the laws of  the Bible  reign supreme over her actions serving the public.She said: I was obeying my law I had couples bring in the whole Supreme Court ruling and I said,  You know, I really don t need to see this because that s not a law, that s a ruling  [and they d say]  Well, why won t you do this?  And so then I go to the Bible and I d tell them, [and they d respond,]  Don t be reading me the Bible.  Well, you asked why I couldn t issue you a marriage license and I m explaining to you, I m showing you why I cannot. They didn t want to hear that though. They wanted to shove that paper down my throat and make me eat it for my dinner. Actually, Kim, the Bible has nothing to do with your job and serving the public. If you re to serve the public as your job requires you to do, you are to abide by the law, including federal law, which in this case is the 14th Amendment of the United States Constitution offering equal protections to all citizens, not just the ones that fit your standard under your religion. If you don t want to do your job, might I suggest you resign. You are free to worship as you choose on your own time, but when it comes to restricting others equal protections, you are disobeying the Constitution which was made clear by the Supreme Court. They re not writing new laws to tell you what to do, they are upholding the ones written upon our nation s founding. End of story.Watch part of her interview here via Right Wing Watch:Featured image via video screen capture
J-Lo was sorry. She didn t mean to sing  Happy Birthday  to someone accused of grave human rights abuses.That s what she did when she serenaded Gurbanguly Berdimuhamedow, president of Turkmenistan, over the summer.Turkmenistan is known as one of the  world s most repressive countries,  according to Human Rights Watch. The former Soviet bloc country is regularly criticized for its poor treatment of women, the condition of its prisons as well as the intimidation of journalists.But J-Lo didn t know any of that, and if she had, says her rep, she wouldn t have accepted $1.5 million for the pleasure of singing to its head of state. Via: prl As our childish and biased media chuckles at President-elect Donald Trump s inability to attract some big name stars to perform at his upcoming inauguration celebration, there is a vital part of the story this very same media does not want to tell. The inconvenient part about how a number of these rich and famous celebrities, many of them Obama and Hillary supporters, have willingly performed in the past for murderous dictators, human rights abusers, and Russian gangsters.RELATED: 9 CELEBS WHO PLAYED FOR EVIL FOREIGN TYRANTSDid you know that Beyonc , who has performed live for both President Obama and Hillary Clinton, has also performed for the family of Libya s murderous dictator, the late-Muammar el-Qaddafi? For a fat seven-figure paycheck on New Year s Eve 2009, Bey belted out her hits for the Qaddafis at a lavish, champagne-soaked party. Also in attendance, her husband Jay-Z, hip-hop kingpin Russell Simmons, Usher, and Jon Bon Jovi.Read more: The Daily Wire
GENEVA (Reuters) - The United Nations human rights boss called on Mexico s Senate on Tuesday not to adopt a proposed law on internal security, saying it would enshrine the role of the military in law enforcement at a time when a stronger police force was needed. Zeid Ra ad al-Hussein, U.N. High Commissioner for Human Rights, said that more than a decade after the armed forces were deployed in the  war on drugs , violence had not abated and extrajudicial killings, torture and disappearances  continue to be committed by various state and non-state actors . In a statement recognizing Mexico s huge security challenge and violence sown by powerful organized crime groups, Zeid said:   Adopting a new legal framework to regulate the operations of the armed forces in internal security is not the answer. The current draft law risks weakening incentives for the civilian authorities to fully assume their law enforcement roles.  
BRUSSELS (Reuters) - Polish reforms of its judiciary pose a systemic threat to the rule of law in the country and Warsaw must change tack, the deputy head of the European Commission said on Monday. Poland has been locked in a deepening dispute with the European Union s executive over democratic standards since the nationalist-minded, eurosceptic Law and Justice (PiS) party won power in late 2015. Many other EU member states, the Polish opposition and human rights groups have also sharply criticized the PiS government, but Warsaw says its overhaul of the judiciary is in line with European standards.  I have to say very clearly to you today, the Commission is of the opinion that these laws do create a threat to the rule of law, a systemic threat to the rule of law in Poland,  Frans Timmermans told the European Parliament. The Commission says the new laws undermine the independence of the judiciary by giving the justice minister - a politician of the ruling party - the right to sack and appoint senior judges. Brussels also says the PiS government violated Poland s constitution in its reform of the Constitutional Tribunal, a court which decides whether new laws approved by the PiS parliamentary majority are in line with the constitution.  The PiS government accuses Timmermans, who has led a legal case against it for more than a year, of waging a vendetta against Poland, but the commissioner said his views were shared by a range of international bodies including the European organization of judges and the U.N. Rapporteur on the judiciary.  Surely, surely the Polish government cannot just simply ignore all of that and pretend as if there s only one guy in the Commission that has a problem and there is not an issue at all apart from that,  said Timmermans, who is Dutch.  Surely the Polish government knows by now there are many concerns in many member states about this...,  he said. Timmermans urged the Polish government to heed the warnings.  You have so much room for maneuver with the political mandate you got from your voters without having to go after the rule of law. There s no need to do that. Please refrain from doing that,  Timmermans said. He also said EU member states were too closely linked together for violation of the rule of law in one of them not to affect others.  If we do not maintain the rule of law in Europe, then we will take leave of the most fundamental values of a European cooperation. And this will not just affect the member state Poland. It will affect all of us,  he said. 
A major indicator that Donald Trump s campaign might be over just occurred. The Republican National Committee has put a temporary halt on their program aimed at getting Trump into the White House. According to an email obtained by Politico, at least one top vendor in what is called the  Victory  program and one official at the RNC are named in the email s cc line.  Politico reports: In an email from the RNC to a victory program mail vendor, with the subject line  Hold on all projects,  the committee asked the vendor to  put a hold  on mail production.   Please put a hold/stop on all mail projects right now. If something is in production or print it needs to stop. Will update you when to proceed,  Lauren Toomey, a staffer in the RNC s political department, wrote in an email that was obtained by POLITICO. Officials with the RNC have yet to release a statement on the matter.This, of course, comes after an audio recording was released where Trump can be heard talking about violently groping women. Trump has a long record of using hateful misogynistic language towards women. After hearing Trump s remarks in the recording, several Republicans in Congress have called for Trump to drop out of the race. This includes a video that Senator Mike Lee posted to his Facebook page, where he said that  If anyone spoke to my wife or my daughter or my mother or any of my five sisters the way [Donald Trump] has spoken to women, I wouldn t hire that person. Even Mike Pence, Trump s running mate released a statement where he lambasted Trump for the comments. If your wingman in your campaign has to call you out for making violently misogynistic comments, then your campaign is probably doomed.The evidence is beginning to mount that Trump s reign of terror may finally be over. While Trump dropping out at this juncture would almost assure Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton s victory   it was beginning to look like she already had the election in the bag anyway. It isn t too hard to imagine the GOP accepting that they are damned with Trump or without him. They may have figured the best they can do at this point is to give up and try and conserve their resources rather than try to back a loser.Featured image from Alex Wong/Getty Images
Donald Trump s antics at a campaign rally on Wednesday night were completely and totally unhinged, even adjusting for the strange standards of Donald Trump. Despite media claims that Trump was making a  pivot  towards more seriousness and substance, and the belief that new communications hires would keep Trump more on message, he was a wild man once again.Seemingly out of nowhere, Trump began a riff on how much he hates mosquitoes.Trump doesn't like mosquitoes (in Cincinnati, OH at the Sharonville Convention Center) pic.twitter.com/ZQY0pywHKi  Marcus DiPaola (@marcusdipaola) July 7, 2016Using a weird voice, Trump said,  I don t want mosquitoes around me.  He then slapped at a mosquito on his podium and screamed,  I DON T LIKE MOSQUITOES. I don t like those mosquitoes, I never did. Speaking of mosquitoes, oh hello Hillary how are you doing,  he concluded, before moving on to another topic.Republicans have noted that instead of squeezing some mileage out of the critical FBI press conference on Hillary Clinton s emails, Trump has stumbled from one controversy to the next. First his campaign tweeted anti-semitic imagery about Clinton that they deleted, then he praised Saddam Hussein at a campaign rally, and has now appointed himself the bug-hunter-in-chief.Trump s problem appears to be that he is relying on the headline-grabbing antics of his campaign that worked so well for him against the Republican field. But in the general election, against a candidate in Hillary Clinton who doesn t have to pander to racists, the bombastic Trump style is appearing more and more like a dud.And Trump s antics easily ally him with an existing frame for his campaign that has been exploited by Democrats. Both Clinton and President Obama have invoked the need for a steady hand over the launch codes for America s nuclear launch codes, and contrasted that need to Trump s public rhetoric.The candidate clearly believes he can  wing it  on the way to the White House, but general election audiences are not nearly as enraptured with Trump s antics as Republicans were.Featured image via Twitter
 I m David Duke and this is a quick unscripted response to the CNN interview today with Donald Trump. The inaccurate reporting by the media that I had endorsed Donald Trump  I am not endorsing Donald Trump. 
On February 20, Justin Linden went out to caucus for Bernie Sanders in Clark County, Nevada.As he was waiting to be counted,  he says he saw a volunteer begin passing out ballots to Hillary Clinton supporters, who already had ballots in their hands. When he tried to ask why this was being done, Linden says his questions were ignored.That s when he took out his cell phone and started recording.Over the next 28 minutes, Linden captured footage that shows how easily the caucus process can be manipulated.At the time of the count, there were 33 caucus-goers present to support Bernie Sanders. There were 21 present to support Hillary Clinton.According to caucus rules, only people who are actually present are supposed to be included in the final tally.Yet after the official count was taken, Linden was stunned to see officials adding ballots to the count, from people who were not there.Suddenly, to everyone s surprise, the count on Hillary Clinton s side began to rise.Another caucus-goer, Rhiannon Frauenfeld, confirmed that this is exactly what happened.Frauenfeld told Addicting Info:With the paper ballots of absentee people included, it was 42/31 Bernie still leading. As she went to walk away after counting the Hillary ballots she turns back around and pulls out ballots that were in her hands and counts several more. This is when we were all confused because we didn t know where these ballots came from. She had been holding everything so we didn t know if they were ballots she already counted or where she got them.It gets worse from there.As documented in Linden s video, the tally on Clinton s side continues to rise, although no-one is sure where these extra ballots keep coming from.Linden provided us with a timeline from the video, noting that all of the volunteers mentioned were wearing Hillary Clinton shirts.Here s an overview of the major events, as Linden describes them;6 minutes: Volunteer claims Hillary now has (37) ballots. Is questioned where the extra ballots came from and does not reply.7.5 minutes: Volunteer 1 claims there are even more ballots to add to the count.10.5 minutes: Volunteer 1 claims there are even more ballots to add to the count.12.25 minutes: Volunteer 1 comes back and says  with the extra added,  both camps are tied (42) to (42). The delegate count is (7) to (7). She had not collected ballots from people present at this point.13 minutes: Volunteer 1 collects the ballots of those present14 minutes: Ballots are collected from Bernie s camp, but handed back out to Hillary camp.16 minutes: Volunteer 1 hands ballots to Hillary side, claiming they are filling out second alignment. Bernie s side does not get this opportunity.17 minutes: Volunteer 1 and Volunteer 2 begin counting physical ballots.17.5 minutes: Additional ballot handed to Volunteer 2 from off camera and added to count.19 minutes: Count of (37) for Hillary, Count for Bernie (35) ***Numerous ballets now missing***As the events were unfolding, Frauenfeld placed a call to a legal observer, who confirmed to her that a person must be present in order for their vote to be counted during the caucus.Frauenfeld told Addicting Info:While I m on the phone with him I hear the woman conducting the caucus say now the numbers are at 42 to 42. As I try to approach her and tell her that she can only count people who were there and we can demand a recount, she kept telling me to go away.This encounter is also captured on Linden s video.You can watch the entire video, via Justin Linden on Facebook, below. // < ![CDATA[ // < ![CDATA[ // < ![CDATA[ // < ![CDATA[ (function(d, s, id) { var js, fjs = d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0]; if (d.getElementById(id)) return; js = d.createElement(s); js.id = id; js.src = "//connect.facebook.net/en_US/sdk.js#xfbml=1&#038;version=v2.3"; fjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js, fjs);}(document, 'script', 'facebook-jssdk')); // ]]&gt;Voter fraud. Woman hands out completed ballets for people who are not there. And they get counted despite numerous  Posted by Justin Linden on Saturday, February 20, 2016Linden points out that there is no way to know if the extra ballots were filled out by actual voters. Nor is there any way to know if people filled out multiple ballots.In any case, according to the Nevada Democratic Party s website, people who are not physically present cannot be counted during a caucus.Frauenfeld told us: While I can t say conclusively that I believe that the conduct was a deliberate attempt to cheat the count, it raised doubts about the legitimacy of the process. I feel there was an attempt to skew the results toward Hillary, their favored candidate. Linden told us he believes that the volunteers were aware that they were only supposed to count people who were present.He told us, I find it strange that it was called as an even tie, before the volunteer actually collected the ballots. Linden also said, I find it more strange that Hillary s number kept going up with every count, and that was fine with them, but when a third of the Bernie ballots disappeared, it wasn t an issue. Image credit: video screen capture via Justin Linden on Facebook
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump decided to fire FBI chief James Comey before Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein wrote a memo outlining his own concerns, Rosenstein said in a statement on Friday that lent credence to Trump’s version of events. When it was announced this month that Comey had been fired, White House officials initially pointed to the Rosenstein memo as a reason for firing the FBI director, who was overseeing an investigation into any collusion between Russia and the Trump campaign during the 2016 U.S. presidential election. Trump said in a subsequent interview with NBC News that he had been planning to fire Comey before he received the Rosenstein memo. In a statement on Friday seen by Reuters, Rosenstein writes: “I informed the senior attorney that the president was going to remove Director Comey, (and) that I was writing a memorandum to the attorney general summarizing my own concerns.”  The statement, first reported by NBC News, Rosenstein goes on to outline some of his concerns with Comey’s job performance. But toward the end of the 2 1/2-page document, Rosenstein writes: “My memorandum is not a statement of reasons to justify a for-cause termination (firing).” After Rosenstein briefed members of the House of Representatives on Friday, Congressman Darrell Issa was asked by reporters if Rosenstein indicated whether anyone had asked or encouraged him to write the memo about Comey. “I don’t believe he ... indicated anyone directed him but in fact he wrote the memo,” said Issa, who, like Trump, is a Republican. Some Democrats left the briefing saying they were not satisfied with the information Rosenstein provided. “There was a presentation followed by Q and A and not a whole lot of A,” said Democratic Representative Charles Crist. Representative Brad Sherman, also a Democrat, said Rosenstein “avoided at least 10 times” Democrats’ queries into whether the Justice Department official was pressured to write a memo critical of Comey. Sherman, a member of the House Foreign Affairs Committee, told reporters that while Washington investigations are exploring whether there was collusion between Trump campaign officials and the Kremlin and a possible cover-up, “neither of them have been proven.” 
DHAKA (Reuters) - Bangladesh could start relocating Rohingya Muslim refugees to a flood-prone island off its coast in the middle of next year, a government official said on Thursday, as it pushes ahead with the plan despite criticism from aid agencies and rights groups. Densely populated Bangladesh has seen an influx of more than 620,000 Rohingya to its southern-most district of Cox s Bazar,  fleeing violence in neighboring Myanmar, since August.  This week, it approved a $280 million plan to develop the low-lying Bhashan Char island to temporarily house some of them until they can go home. The Bay of Bengal island, also known as Thenger Char, only emerged from the silt off Bangladesh s delta coast about 11 years ago. Two hours by boat from the nearest settlement, the island  has no roads or buildings and it regularly floods during the rough seas of the June-September rainy season. When the sea is calm, pirates roam the waters in the vicinity to kidnap fishermen for ransom.  We can t keep such a large number of people in this small area of Cox s Bazar where their presence is having a devastating effect on the situation on the ground environmentally, population wise and economically,  H.T. Imam, Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina s political adviser, told Reuters on Thursday.  So, as quickly as we can shift at least some of the burden over to Bhashan Char, that will minimize the problem.  Rohingya have fled repression in Buddhist-majority Myanmar several times since the 1970s, and almost one most million of them live in crowded camps in Cox s Bazar. Mainly Muslim Bangladesh has said it aims to move about 100,000 refugees to the island. Some aid officials speculate that by raising the island plan, Bangladesh could be trying to put pressure on the international community to find a better solution to the crisis. But Imam, who holds the rank of cabinet minister, has denied any such tactic. He said the navy had started work on developing the island, money for which will come from the government. Bangladesh, however, would need financial and other help from aid agencies to move the refugees to the island, he said.  There are some organizations which have assured help but I won t specify who they are,  Imam said.   It s a huge project and includes the development of livestock. They will be given cattle, they will be given land, they will be given houses. They will raise their livestock, there will be other vocations that will be created.  Humanitarian agencies, however, have criticized the plan since it was first floated in 2015.  Having opened its doors to more than 600,000 Rohingya over the past three months, the Bangladesh government now risks undermining the protection of the Rohingya and squandering the international goodwill it has earned,  said Biraj Patnaik, Amnesty International s South Asia Director, referring to the plan to move people to the island.  In its desperation to see the Rohingya leave the camps and ultimately return to Myanmar, it is putting their safety and well-being at risk.  Myanmar and Bangladesh signed an accord last week on terms for the return of hundreds of thousands of Rohingya, though rights groups have expressed doubts about Myanmar following through on the agreement and have called for independent observers for any repatriation. There are concerns about protection for Rohingya from further violence if and when they go home, and about a path to resolving their legal status - most are stateless - and whether they would be allowed to return to their old homes. Imam said Bangladesh was working on those issues but did not give details.  In diplomacy, there are a lot of things that happen but then you don t pronounce them publicly,  he said.  A lot of back-door diplomatic work is being done. People are involved at the highest level.  For a graphic on Bangladesh's Rohingya relocation plan, click tmsnrt.rs/2kULcWn 
Hillary Clinton ally David Brock is offering to pay for new information on Donald Trump, hoping that damaging audio or video on the Republican presidential candidate will be submitted to his super PAC.Brock, founder of the left-wing Media Matters and operator of Correct the Record super PAC, recently posted the plea on Correct the Record s website and is referring to the project as  TrumpLeaks,  NBC News reported.Brock asked for video or audio of Trump that has yet to be released. One of the most important things for voters to evaluate in any election is the full measure of a candidate s views, ideas, and temperament over time,  the website states. In making a choice for president, voters must also consider how various candidates present themselves to the public and to the world. There are few things more important in that regard than access to video or audio in the form of prior television or radio interviews or more candid video from events a candidate may have attended. Brock s super PAC goes on to say they can offer compensation to anyone who has new video or audio that has been obtained legally.Read more: WFB
The recipient of the Presidential Medal of Freedom from Barack Obama in 2012 had this to say when asked about racism: And I want to see a white man convicted for raping a black woman. Then when you ask me,  Is it over? , I will say yes. Age hasn t dimmed the fire in Toni Morrison, 84. The unwavering voice of black America talks about her latest novel and what it will take for racism to be a thing of the past.Toni Morrison is, without a doubt, a world-class novelist. Her work as an editor, however, has received much less attention. Morrison worked at Random House for 20 years, leaving in 1983, just before she set out to write her Pulitzer Prize-winning novel Beloved.At her apartment in lower Manhattan, I ask her about the ways in which American literature has changed, and she volunteers that she  had something to do with that . But she is not referring to her own fiction.  I said, I can t march, I have small children,  she tells me.  I m not the marching type anyway. So when I went into publishing, I thought, the best I can do is to publish the works of those who are out there   like Angela Davis, Huey Newton   and the literature. And let it be edited by someone who understands the language, and understands the culture. Last summer Morrison came to the Hay Festival and made three appearances over three days. In the course of those conversations, she touched on this issue a number of times, spinning it out, examining it, not tub-thumping but the opposite, as if there were still nothing conclusive to say. The question of race, she reflected,  is not static. You just have to swim in it for a bit .Since then, Eric Garner has been strangled by white policemen on Staten Island, Michael Brown has been shot by white policemen in Ferguson, Walter Scott has been shot by a white policeman in South Carolina.  People keep saying,  We need to have a conversation about race,  she says now.  This is the conversation. I want to see a cop shoot a white unarmed teenager in the back,  Morrison says finally.  And I want to see a white man convicted for raping a black woman. Then when you ask me,  Is it over? , I will say yes. Toni Morrison   who was then Chloe Wofford   grew up understanding none of this. In the small industrial town of Lorain in Ohio, where she was raised, the stories told by her Southern parents seemed unreal. Her father was a welder in the shipyards. Most of their neighbours were European immigrants, and in her high-school yearbook there were only two other black students.Had her father really witnessed a lynching when he was 14? Did they really have separate water fountains for white and coloured people in Georgia? It was only when she went to Howard University, a historically black college in Washington, DC, that she began to realise how things were. And off-campus, in the late 1940s, the city was segregated. She stole one of the wooden bars used to keep blacks at the back of buses and sent it to her mother as a grim keepsake.Morrison began to feel an affinity, a fascination. What emerged was a career-long project to   in her words    turn the gaze . She didn t want to write in order to persuade white people, as the abolitionists Frederick Douglass or Solomon Northup had. She wasn t interested in assuming a white person s worldview, like the mid-20th century writer Ralph Ellison ( Invisible to whom?  she says of his famous novel The Invisible Man). She didn t want to join in the black power cries of  screw whitey . When the revolutionary 1960s turned into the 1970s, she wanted to say,  Before we get on to the  black is beautiful  thing, may I remind you what it was like before, when it was lethal? So she wrote from the point of view of little black girls in her first two books, of 17th-century slaves in Mercy, of a child killed by her mother to save her from suffering in Beloved. She combined the metaphorical stories of her grandparents with the facts on the ground, and arrived at what she calls  imaginative resistance . To tell a tale, you have to pick up its pieces, she once suggested, comparing storytellers to Hansel and Gretel.  Their momma doesn t want them. They leave a little trail. That trail is language. In words that are simple and cadences that are sometimes incantatory, through action that is both true to life and magical in its habits of thought, Morrison has conveyed a series of black perspectives, thrown her readers into a world they had not previously met in fiction, and realigned American history by choosing the people through whom it might be told.Via: Telegraph UK
University of Wisconsin Madison, where NOT to send your kids to school The sale of hateful racist sweatshirts or hoodies on campus is really not surprising considering the University of WI Madison has been a hotbed for radical students and faculty for quite some time now. We shared a story about a U of WI Madison student who was given cover by his professor when the police came to talk to him during class after he was caught on camera spray painting racist graffiti all over school property.  Students at the University of Wisconsin-Madison are asking people to buy sweatshirts promoting violence against police officers and classifying all white people as racists. Racism,  claims one hoodie s page,  is a set of systematic, institutional, cultural, and epistemological (although not limited to said forms) structures that inherently empowers white folk and in turn disempowers people of color. This power dictates who lives, have housing, access to education/healthcare etc. Racism has little to do with hatred and mostly to do with who has power. White folk or those who see themselves as white are given said power inherently regardless of socioeconomic class, education etc. This is why white men created race in the first place to maintain power. Racism gave birth to the idea of race. This is a [sic] oversimplified definition,  the description continues.Facebook has already removed an original picture of the sweatshirt for not following Facebook s Community Standards. However, as of this writing, Facebook has yet to remove the post selling the sweatshirts.One of the sweatshirt says  If I Encounter Another Cop With A God Complex I m Going To Have To Show The World That They Are Human , seemingly promoting violence towards police.Via: Campus Reform
 LONDON (Reuters) - Britain said on Friday it believed North Korea was behind the  WannaCry  cyber attack in May that disrupted businesses and government services worldwide, including the National Health Service (NHS) in England.  Security Minister Ben Wallace said Britain believed  quite strongly  that the ransomware attack came from a foreign state.  "North Korea was the state that we believe was involved in this worldwide attack on our systems," he told BBC radio.   We can be as sure as possible - I can t obviously go into the detailed intelligence but it is widely believed in the community and across a number of countries that North Korea had taken this role.   WannaCry infected more than 300,000 computers in 150 countries in a matter of days, demanding victims pay ransoms starting at $300 to regain access to their machines.  Cyber security researchers quickly identified a possible link to North Korea.  More than a third of England s 236 NHS trusts and an estimated 19,000 appointments were affected, Britain s National Audit Office said on Friday in a report on the attack.  It said WannaCry was a relatively unsophisticated attack that could have been prevented by the NHS had it followed basic IT security best practice.  No NHS organization paid the ransom but the government does not know how much the disruption to services cost the NHS, it said.  Wallace said Britain needed to redouble its efforts to strengthen cyber security.   It s a salient lesson for us all that all of us, from individuals to governments to large organizations, have a role to play in maintaining the security of our networks,  he said.  
MOSCOW (Reuters) - There has to date been no confirmation from any Russian government agencies that there was an incident on Russian soil that could have caused raised levels of pollution from a radioactive isotope, Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov said on Wednesday. Russia s meteorological service said on Tuesday it had measured pollution of the ruthenium 106 isotope at nearly 1,000 times normal levels in the Ural mountains.  
MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - Rescue crews and ordinary citizens searched through rubble for survivors as night fell on Tuesday on battered cities in central Mexico, including the capital, where the death toll from a major earthquake grew to at least 226. The magnitude 7.1 quake toppled dozens of buildings, broke gas mains and sparked fires less than two weeks after another powerful quake killed at least 98 people in southern Mexico. It also hit just hours after emergency drills marked the anniversary of a temblor that killed thousands in 1985. Millions of people fled into the streets, where they weathered the violent shaking and desperately sought word about the welfare of family and friends. Emergency personnel in Mexico City, a metropolitan region of about 20 million people, searched frantically with picks and shovels for survivors beneath the rubble of what the sprawling city s mayor calculated to be as many as 44 collapsed buildings, including at least one primary school. Mexican President Enrique Pe a Nieto said late on Tuesday more than 20 children and two adults had been found dead at the school, Colegio Enrique Rebsamen, in the neighborhood of Coapa. Another 30 children and 12 adults were missing, he said.  Emergency personnel and equipment were being deployed across affected areas so that  throughout the night we can continue aiding the population and eventually find people beneath the rubble,  Pe a Nieto said in a video posted on Facebook earlier on Tuesday evening. Rescue workers and soldiers toiled around collapsed buildings where heat-sensing equipment suggested survivors could still be trapped. Bystanders joined in where they could, clearing debris with their bare hands or whatever tools they could find nearby.  My wife is there,  said Juan Jesus Garcia, 33, choking back tears outside one building in Mexico City.  I haven t been able to communicate with her. She is not answering, and now they are telling us we have to turn off our cellphones because there is a gas leak.  The quake had killed 49 people in the capital by late Tuesday, according to civil defense chief Luis Felipe Puente. The highest toll, he said, was in Morelos State, just to the south, where 55 people were killed.  Another 13 people were reported killed in the neighboring states of Mexico and Guerrero. Thirty-two deaths had been counted in the central state of Puebla, also to the south, where the U.S. Geological Survey (USGS) located the quake s epicenter. As many as 4.6 million homes, businesses and other facilities had lost electricity, according to national power company Comisi n Federal de Electricidad. Most of them were in the greater Mexico City area and in the states of Guerrero, Morelos, Puebla, Oaxaca, and Tlaxcala. In the capital, ambulances and fire engines confronted gridlock as millions of workers tried to get home, many of them after participating in annual readiness drills that commemorate the previous disaster on this date in 1985. Much of the country was also shaken when an 8.1 magnitude quake, the strongest in more than eight decades, struck southern Mexico on Sept. 7, killing at least 98 people. Earthquakes of magnitude 7 or above are regarded as major and are capable of causing widespread heavy damage. Another 11 aftershocks were registered after the initial quake at around lunchtime on Tuesday, the most powerful of which measured 4.9, according to the USGS. In addition to the school, a supermarket and a factory collapsed in the capital. Much of the damage was in the fashionable Condesa and Roma districts near the city center.   On Twitter, relatives posted pleas for news of family members. At least one survivor was pulled from a collapsed building in Condesa and another was rescued from a six-story apartment building nearby. Mexican media showed images of desperate locals forming human chains in search of people still trapped in collapsed buildings after nightfall. With power out in much of the city, the work was carried out in the dark or with flashlights and generators. In Obrera, a central neighborhood in Mexico City, people applauded when rescuers managed to retrieve four people alive, with cheers of  si se puede,  or  yes we can,  ringing out. Volunteers continued arriving throughout the night, following calls from the civil protection agency, the Red Cross and firefighters. In Puebla, university student Jevon Minto, 24, said he had just arrived at class when he felt the shaking.  We were seated when the place started shaking real, real hard ... You can literally feel the fear and the panic in this city.  Banker Jesus Gonzalez Hernandez, 55, said office lamps and furniture swayed when the tremor began. He and colleagues rushed to evacuate.  But while exiting down the stairs, the walls were coming apart,  said Gonzalez Hernandez, who fractured his ankle in the chaos. Mexican stocks and the peso currency dropped on news of the earthquake and Mexico s stock exchange suspended trading. At the same time as the earthquake, Mexico s Popocatepetl volcano had a small eruption. A church collapsed during mass, killing 15 people, in Atzitzihuacan on the slopes of the volcano, Puebla Governor Jose Antonio Gali said. U.S. President Donald Trump said on Twitter:  God bless the people of Mexico City. We are with you and will be there for you.  For a graphic on earthquake strikes central Mexico, click: here 
It s not illegal, but it s long been considered unethical for journalists to pay their sources. It still happens, but generally by tabloids. WikiLeaks  Julian Assange believes that his is not a tabloid, and in fact, he believes that he is so far above mainstream media sources, that it s okay for him to pay for stories, which is exactly what he s doing, trying to dig up dirt on both Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump. Police rewards product results. So do journalistic rewards,  a spokesperson for Sunshine Press, of which Wikileaks is a project, told Huffington Post in an email.  Those who take the truth seriously leave no stone unturned to find it. As for the ethics, well, WikiLeaks breaths rarified air: Some lesser publications have poor quality control and as a consequence are not able to maintain accuracy when financial incentives are involved. Or frankly, even when they are not,  the spokesperson said, pointing to the New York Times publishing false information about Iraq having weapons of mass destruction as an example.  WikiLeaks  vetting process is strong enough not to be affected by an increase in source contributions. Wait, what? WikiLeaks has a vetting process? This is the same organization that published more than 80 strains of malware in its most recent email dump. Oh, and there s a reason they re called email dumps   WikiLeaks doesn t vet, they simply dump, leaving other journalists to sort through to find the real information. While the New York Times certainly doesn t deserve the level of respect they had before the Iraq War, I can say with certainty that they ve never infected my computer with malware.This isn t the first time WikiLeaks has paid to play. Last year, they offered $100,000 for information relating to the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP). Earlier in the month, WikiLeaks offered $20,000 for anyone with information that might link the murder of a DNC staffer in Washington D.C. to the Hillary Clinton campaign. All they ended up doing was fueling Alex Jones-type conspiracy theorists.Assange has received a lot of criticism from those on the left, claiming that he s trying to put his thumb on the scale of our electoral process in an attempt to defeat Clinton. I m sure his claim that he s also going after Trump is a convincing cover for that, but think about it. Assange is offering $100,000. Trump could easily double or triple that to keep someone quiet. Yes, the Clintons have money, but not Trump money.Featured image via Carl Court/Getty Images.
Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump touts his business prowess as his number one reason he will be great for working people should he be elected President of the United States. However, thanks to a group of creditors that Trump stiffed while he was busy destroying Atlantic City s economy, we are now privy to a very different story than the one Trump s been peddling on the campaign trail.We all know that Trump built extravagant and ridiculously gaudy and expensive casinos in Atlantic City, New Jersey. This meant hiring many contractors to put the places together. One such contractor was Forest Jenkins, father of Beth Rosser, who was interviewed with others in similar positions on Anderson Cooper 360.Rosser says, It was like we won the lottery,  when her father landed a $200,000 contract to help install toilet partitions in the Taj Mahal casino. Forest s son, Steven Jenkins, echo s Rosser s claims, saying, It was a big job. It was great. We were all excited. I had the fuzz from those carpets on the wheels of my dolly for months after that job. However, things quickly went downhill for the small business when Trump didn t pay them. Steven says of the devastating loss: We weren t this big company. We didn t have tons of money in an account somewhere to cover things. The company was Forest Jenkins  life s work, and he made it grow from the ground up. Trump s stiffing them almost cost them all that work though. Luckily, they somehow survived, and Beth and Steven now operate the company since their father s passing. Trump stiffed the Jenkins family in 1988, and then he filed bankruptcy on the Taj Mahal three years later and ran off with millions.Trump owed the Jenkins family $231,000, and they only got $70,000   and that was only after a years long court battle trying to force Trump to pay up. Beth Rosser says of her feelings regarding Trump today: It s 27 years later. I grit my teeth every time I see him on television blustering about what a wonderful businessman he is. He stepped on a lot of people. Of course, the Jenkins  story is only the beginning. Nat Hyman is also a victim of Donald Trump. In 1996, Hyman went into the snake s den when he managed to land a plum of a spot to begin selling jewelry from his fledgling company   a kiosk in a great spot right in Trump Tower. After having success with his new company, Landau Jewelry, in Trump Tower, Hymen was able to expand into Trump s casinos. That s when the trouble started.Trump began making baseless claims that Hyman was selling shoddy products, and to that end tried to force him to leave Trump Tower and go other places where he would never be able to make a living. When Hyman refused to give up the spot in the Trump Tower lobby, Trump lashed out by pulling the plug on Hyman s ability to set up shop in the casinos. He also wound up having Trump s lawyers sicced on him. Hyman says  of his ordeal: I think I spent over a million dollars in litigation with him. I tried to stand up to him everywhere I could but it s exhausting, and it s silly. To him, it s a sport. To him, it s fun. After Hyman was finally done with his spot in Trump Tower, of course, he was replaced with Trump s own merchandise.Paul Friel s family business is another that fell into the black hole that is working with Donald Trump. His family was hired to install structures for slot machines, desks, and the like in one of Trump s casinos. However   surprise, surprise   Trump bought the contract out from under the general contractor he had hired and refused to pay. Paul Friel is the company s founder s grandson, and says his father lost his business over what Donald Trump did. He says of the experience: We had already worked for three (general contractors), and every single one of them lived up to their word until Donald Trump came to Atlantic City. That s not all, either   Trump used his pull in Atlantic City to blackball the company, and it worked, despite their stellar reputation. After attempting to deal with being taken for a ride by Trump, the elder Friel s company went bankrupt. Paul Friel says: I think it surprised him the most that Donald Trump had blackballed him   even though we had an excellent name in Atlantic City.He was devastated. The fact that we had seen such a huge future in Atlantic City for his business that all of a sudden because of one deal   his business in Atlantic City was done. Edward Friel died in 2006, but Paul Friel is determined to be his voice. He says of his late father: He would say,  Paul, do this for us let the country know what kind of man this is. Here is video of the segment:Donald Trump often brags about his business record, but some small business owners say his tactics cost them. https://t.co/tZMS6nRFwI  Anderson Cooper 360  (@AC360) September 14, 2016Also, I guarantee you that these are not the only ones Trump stiffed. They are just the only ones brave enough to speak out. After all, speaking out against Donald Trump has had disastrous consequences for many people. They have a right to be afraid. However, if these stories are any indication, I think we can all pretty much figure that the only person Donald Trump cares about is Donald Trump, and it would an absolute national emergency to put the future of our nation and the free world in his hands.Featured image via video screen capture
BANGKOK (Reuters) - The leader of Thailand s military junta said on Thursday that Yingluck Shinawatra, the prime minister he ousted three years ago, was in Dubai, where she fled last month to avoid being jailed over a rice subsidy scheme that lost billions of dollars. Prime Minister Prayuth Chan-ocha, the army chief who led the coup, said Thailand would pursue Yingluck through diplomatic channels and police cooperation using Interpol. His remarks came a day after the country s top court found Yingluck guilty of criminal negligence and sentenced her in absentia to five years in prison.  She is in Dubai,  Prayuth told reporters, adding that the foreign ministry had been tracking Yingluck s movements.  The police will now have to proceed and coordinate with the Foreign Ministry and Interpol.  Thaksin s Puea Thai Party did not comment to Reuters on Prayuth s disclosure. But a source in the United Arab Emirates said Yingluck left Dubai for London on Sept. 11, without giving further details. The Supreme Court delayed giving its judgment last month after Yingluck failed to show in court and police discovered she had slipped out of the country. The Thai authorities had not disclosed Yingluck s whereabouts before, though senior party members had told Reuters  she had gone to Dubai where her brother, former prime minister Thaksin Shinawatra, who lives in self-imposed exile to avoid a 2008 jail sentence for graft, has a home. On Thursday, asked by Reuters whether Yingluck had left Dubai for London, Thai deputy national police chief Srivara Ransibrahmanakul declined to comment. Photographs posted on the photo-sharing app Instagram by one of Thaksin s daughters show Thaksin in London since Sept. 15. None of the photos feature Yingluck. For more than a decade, Thai politics has been dominated by the power struggle between the Shinawatras and Thailand s establishment, which includes the armed forces and urban middle class. The Shinawatras remain popular with rural and poor voters, and the rice subsidy scheme had helped Yingluck shore up her support base to get elected in 2011. Throughout her trial, Yingluck said she was innocent and not responsible for the day-to-day running of the scheme, arguing that she was a victim of political persecution. The ruling junta has promised to hold an election in 2018, though changes to the constitution have ensured the military holds on to some role governing the country. Thai police on Thursday raided Yingluck s home in eastern Bangkok, armed with a search warrant. Around a dozen police from the forensics unit entered the large compound carrying gloves and metal boxes, to be met by a lawyer for Yingluck and one of her bodyguards. 
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. House Speaker Paul Ryan on Thursday said the Trans-Pacific Partnership trade agreement still faces an uphill battle for support in Congress and that he was not inclined to bring it up for a vote, because it would not pass. U.S. President Barack Obama’s Pacific trade deal with partners in Asia would “go down” in any vote held now, Ryan told reporters at a regular press briefing. “If you bring it up, it’s going to go down, I don’t think we should bring up a bill that goes down,” Ryan said. 
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Senate Democratic Leader Chuck Schumer on Wednesday called on the Trump administration to preserve all documents related to its dealings with Russia, including during the campaign and transition into office, amid growing pressure for a deeper investigation. Schumer, speaking to reporters, also said Trump campaign officials should be called on to testify publicly over the matter and said Attorney General Jeff Sessions should recuse himself from any related probe on Russia. 
While the mainstream media was salivating over the indictment of Paul Manafort by dirty cop Robert Mueller, for crimes he allegedly committed years before he worked on Trump s campaign, a bombshell was being dropped by the author of  Clinton Cash , Peter Schweitzer about Hillary Clinton and how her dirty dealings while acting as Obama s Secretary of State have compromised our national security.Watch:Hillary's Clinton Foundation took in 145 MILLION frm 9 different Share holders frm Russian Uranium Co. and did NOT report it. Podesta  pic.twitter.com/rsp09SPylt   STOCK MONSTER  (@StockMonsterUSA) October 19, 2017The National Review recently published a great article explaining how the Clinton crime family laundered money through their crooked foundation while putting our national security at risk: The FBI had gathered substantial evidence that Russian nuclear industry officials were engaged in bribery, kickbacks, extortion, and money laundering designed to grow Vladimir Putin s atomic energy business inside the United States,  The Hill s John Solomon and Alison Spann report. They add that an eyewitness, with corroborating documents, indicates that, starting in 2009,  Russian nuclear officials had routed millions of dollars to the U.S. designed to benefit former President Bill Clinton s charitable foundation during the time Secretary of State Hillary Clinton served on a government body that provided a favorable decision to Moscow. Even after this skullduggery was discovered, the federal Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States   on which Hillary sat   decided that Rosatom, the Russian government s atomic-energy company, could capture 20 percent of America s uranium supply, by purchasing a mining company called Uranium One. Rosatom announced its acquisition plans on June 8, 2010. While Hillary weighed this deal, Bill scored $500,000 for his address that June 29 to Renaissance Capital, a Kremlin-tied bank that endorsed Rosatom s move. Before, during, and after CFIUS s deliberations, nine Uranium One investors gave the Clinton Foundation some $145 million. Ultimately, CFIUS approved the Kremlin s transaction, on October 23, 2010.Even worse, despite lacking an export license, Uranium One reportedly shipped uranium out of America. Destination: Unknown. Remember: Uranium is a main ingredient in atomic bombs. Why would the Obama-Clinton administration let Russia have even a firecracker s worth of American uranium? This is the $145 million question.  I was unaware of this criminal probe concerning bribery,  says Peter Schweizer, who first uncovered Uranium One in Clinton Cash, his best-seller on America s most powerful crime family.For entire story: National Review 
We love this guy! Factory worker Keith Ketzler: For eight horrible years I heard,  We don t have control of the House. We don t have control of the senate. We don t have the presidency and when we get in we got a plan and we re going to change stuff.  Well I tell you what, you re in there now and all I see is infighting. It s very dysfunctional.This guy just said whatever American would like to say to Paul Ryan! Notice how the answer was just more rhetoric blah, blah, blah All talk and NO ACTION!Paul Ryan is in the back pocket of the Chamber of Commerce and other special interest groups. He s talking out of both sides of his mouth. He needs to go!PAUL RYAN AUDIO GIVES US INSIGHT INTO HOW HE REALLY FEELS ABOUT TRUMP:AUDIO RELEASED: Paul Ryan Caught On Tape:  I am not going to defend Donald Trump not now, not in the future We all know Paul Ryan was no fan of President Donald Trump while he was running for office. Sadly, unlike the Democrats who held their noses and went  all in  for Hillary, our Republican Speaker of the House went out of his way to NOT support Trump during his highly contentious campaign. Now that a new audio tape has emerged, proving that Ryan went out of his way to make sure his colleagues in the House understood that he would  never  support Trump, this leaves Ryan looking pretty foolish considering the public support Trump has offered Ryan and his increasingly unpopular  Obamacare Lite  proposal.On a never-before-released private October conference call with House Republican members, House Speaker Paul Ryan told his members in the U.S. House of Representatives he was abandoning then-GOP presidential nominee Donald Trump forever and would never defend him ever again. In the Oct. 10, 2016 call, from right after the Access Hollywood tape of Trump was leaked in the weeks leading up to the election, Ryan does not specify that he will never defend Trump on just the Access Hollywood tape he says clearly he is done with Trump altogether. I am not going to defend Donald Trump not now, not in the future,  Ryan says in the audio, obtained by Breitbart News and published here for the first time ever.Now, Ryan still the Speaker has pushed now President Donald Trump to believe his healthcare legislation the American Health Care Act would repeal and replace Obamacare when it does not repeal Obamacare. Ryan has also, according to Trump ally Sen. Rand Paul (R-KY), misled President Trump into believing that Ryan s bill can pass Congress. Paul and others believe the bill is dead on arrival in the U.S. Senate since a number of GOP senators have come out against it, and there are serious questions about whether it can pass the House. This is the first major initiative that Trump has worked on with Ryan and the fact it is going so poorly calls into question whether Speaker Ryan, the GOP s failed 2012 vice presidential nominee who barely supported Trump at all in 2016, really understands how Trump won and how to win in general.The October conference call apparently was intended only for House Republican members. It s unclear which or how many House Republicans took part in the call, whether the participants knew it was being recorded, who made the recording, or whether a recording exists of the entire call. The remarks on the portion provided to Breitbart News certainly sound like they were coming from Speaker Ryan, who seemed to be abandoning his party s presidential nominee altogether just weeks before the election. He says not only will he not defend the Access Hollywood comments, but he will not campaign with Trump at all between this call on Oct. 10, 2016, and the general election for the presidency on Nov. 8 and that Ryan would not defend Trump on anything generally. For entire story- Matthew Boyle, Breitbart NewsLISTEN:
21st Century Wire says After the great crash of 2008, things went a little quiet for the first 24 months, but in the background nothing really changed. In other words, little or reform took placing to prevent a new housing bubble which many experts are warning is due to manifest this year or next. But that s not the worst of it After all the trouble and strife, still, if you have a mortgage, banks are selling those loans to third parties many times and these new corporate  owners  of your home are then foreclosing, and evicting residents, sometimes for no reason at all. After they remove the residents, they then sell the property for well below market value   leaving the ex-homeowner to cover the difference in the price short-fall. Sound like a good deal?How do you fight this international racket? Here is one story from 2011 which we hope will still inspire some folks to start taking the ponzi banks to task  CBS NewsWarren and Maureen Nyerges paid cash when they bought a home from Bank of America in the Golden Gate Estates section of Collier, County, Fla., according to CBS affiliate WINK-TV in Ft. Myers.But that didn t stop Bank of America from trying to foreclose on them.They took their case to court and, a year-and-a-half later, the foreclosure action was dropped.A Collier County judge said Bank of America had to pay the couple s $2,534 legal fees, since it had made the mistake.After more than five months, the bank still hadn t paid up. So, the homeowners  lawyer, Todd Allen, began proceedings to did just what a bank would have to get its money: legally seize bank assets.On Friday, sheriff s deputies and moving vans showed up at the bank. I instructed the deputy to go in and take desks, computers, copiers, and filing cabinets, including cash in the drawers,  Allen says.Inside, says WINK,  The homeowners  attorney was locked out of the bank manager s office by deputies while the bank manger tried to figure out what to do. Continue this story at CBS News READ MORE FINANCIAL NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Financial Files
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Senate Republicans passed a measure on Thursday that would permanently repeal Obamacare’s so-called Cadillac tax on high-cost employer-provided insurance without a single Democratic vote amid a broader debate to repeal the healthcare law.  The measure passed along party lines by a 52-48 vote. To become law, it will need to be passed by the U.S. House of Representatives. 
In the last several months, Joe Scarborough   a one-time Republican politician and now host of MSNBC s Morning Joe   has gone so deep into Trumpmania and anti-Obama hysteria that it s hard to imagine his reputation ever recovering. On a recent Morning Joe broadcast, viewers got to watch as he torched the last bit of his integrity to take yet another cheap shot at President Obama at the expense of both common sense and objective reality.In the episode, Scarborough poured over Obama s recent interview with Fox News and concluded that the president was giving investigators probing Hillary Clinton s email servers coded, hidden messages through the airwaves. Tin foil hat firmly in place, Scarborough accused Obama of tampering with the investigation.Obama  said he wasn t going to talk to the attorney general about the pending investigation, but he just did,  he lamented. Talk about a rigged process. Scarborough s frequent guest and occasional yes man Bloomberg editor Mark Halperin agreed. It seemed ill-advised to say,  OK, I ve got no connection to this, but here s what I know about it and here s my conclusion,    Halperin said on MSNBC. He should just say,  I shouldn t talk about it,    Halperin added.    There s a pending investigation and I should keep myself away from it in every way and leave this to the independence of the Justice Department.  I don t know why he went on at such length defending her, because, in theory, he shouldn t really know the facts of the case. Both men seem to have very little understanding of the investigation or the context in which Obama stated his opinions. Scarborough in particular seems to have gotten his information from right-wing memes he read online. At one point, he claimed  over 100  agents were working on investigating Clinton s wrongdoing   a figure based on a long-debunked right-wing lie started by a Republican politician (for obvious reasons).Equally bogus is the idea that Obama could influence the investigation by stating his personal opinion in a Fox News interview. Given the fact that the president has repeatedly stood by his former Secretary of State, the premise that FBI agents would be oblivious to which way Obama leaned is laughable. He, like most of the country, finds the email  scandal  a waste of time, resources, and money (a lot of money). It s not exactly exposing nuclear launch codes if he tells reporters that Clinton s emails were mostly harmless   that s public record.Not that Scarborough would ever admit it, but even Republican presidents tend to side with their political allies and employees. George W. Bush, he might recall, was a fierce defender of Vice President Cheney s chief of staff  Scooter  Libby even after he was found guilty of lying about his boss s leak of an undercover CIA operative. Bush would later go as far as to commute Libby s sentence just before he left office.Unlike the tangible damage, Cheney s office did to national security, Clinton s email controversy is vague to the point of meaninglessness. The public has had a hard time getting itself worked up over the scandal because as far as anybody can tell, nothing truly damaging happened. As both Obama and Clinton have acknowledged, using a private email was  careless  but it wasn t exactly harmful.And thus Scarborough once again has embarrassed himself with a wild haymaker that failed to land.Featured image via MSNBC
Right-wing Christians are always talking about how LGBT people having equal protections under the law will mean the end of Christianity. Well, the Supreme Court s ruling Obegefell v. Hodges, which made marriage equality legal nationwide was the worst fears of bigots everywhere becoming a reality   but not because of any actual anti   Christian elements to the ruling. The ruling simply says that anyone and everyone can marry whatever consenting adult they like. However, many bigoted Christians see the ability of anyone to do anything they don t like is persecution. On that list of morons who think that way is religious conservative and presidential candidate Ted Cruz.Cruz sat down to speak with right-wing radio host Janet Mefford on Thursday, and of course the conversation turned to his bigoted views on LGBT people. First, he bragged about being endorsed by hate groups such as the Family Research Council and The National Organization for marriage. Then, he went on along rant about how marriage equality was  illegitimate,  and how the Obergefell ruling was nothing short of disastrous Here is the quote (emphasis mine): I believe that decision was fundamentally illegitimate, it was lawless, it was unconstitutional and it will not stand. And I would note, that is precisely why Dr. James Dobson has endorsed me in this campaign, it is why Tony Perkins of the Family Research Council has endorsed me in this campaign, it s why the National Organization on Marriage [sic] has endorsed me on this campaign and has said it cannot support Donald Trump or Marco Rubio because if we re not willing to defend marriage, we are giving up the foundational building blocks of the family, we re giving up the Judeo-Christian values that built this great nation. And that is where you are dead wrong, Senator Cruz. This nation was not built upon Christianity. In fact, our Founding Fathers put explicit walls into our founding documents to ensure a complete separation between church and state. If you do not know that basic fact of our history and of our laws, then you have no business being in any public office, much less the presidency.This is what makes Cruz so dangerous. He is determined to turn America in a giant church via the law should he make it to the White House. That is why it is so important to make sure you VOTE BLUE in November 2016.Listen to the audio below, via Right Wing Watch:[soundcloud url= https://api.soundcloud.com/tracks/247707760  params= color=ff5500  width= 100%  height= 166  iframe= true  /]Featured image from Gage Skidmore/Flickr
LONDON (Reuters) - A parliamentary committee on Thursday accused British Prime Minister Theresa May s government of giving ministers  excessively wide  powers in new bill to transfer EU law into British law. The bill in question sets out the government s plan for transposing European Union law into the British statute book as part of Brexit. But it creates scope for ministers to alter legislation without full parliamentary scrutiny in order to make sure laws works properly once transferred.  The bill gives ministers excessively wide legislative powers beyond what is necessary to ensure UK law works properly when the UK leaves the EU,  said a statement accompanying a report by a committee of lawmakers from parliament s unelected upper chamber, the House of Lords. The government has said the powers created by the bill are strictly limited to what is needed to allow for a smooth transition - something they say is necessary to give businesses certainty over the rules they will face when Britain s EU membership ends in March 2019. Nevertheless, May, whose Conservative Party does not have an outright majority in parliament, could be forced into making concessions to ease concerns from across the political spectrum to clear the remaining lawmaking stages. Thursday s critical report by the House of Lords Delegated Powers Committee set out an alternative proposal that would allow more rigorous scrutiny of changes that the government wants to make when transposing EU law. The report offers a taste of the resistance May can expect to find in the House of Lords, where her Conservatives peers are significantly outnumbered by rivals from other parties.  The Lords will have to approve the withdrawal bill before it can become law. Earlier this month the government cleared the first of many parliamentary hurdles, winning a vote on crucial legislation known as the EU withdrawal bill despite criticism that it amounted to a government power grab. 
Donald Trump has shown his true colors time and time again while running for the Republican nomination for the presidency. Thus far we ve discovered that he advocates for violence at his rallies, he has racist tendencies, and he says many creepy things about women, including his own daughter. While all of these factors have put a dent in his possible nomination, he still has a comfortable delegate lead and he polls well in upcoming contests. Despite the overwhelming evidence that Trump is a certified douche bag, there are voters out there who find his insanity appealing. Now comes another video that the hacker collective Anonymous posted that proves just how absurd it would be to elect this man as the representative of our country and the symbol of our nation.Watch video here:The clip was taken in 2007 at Wrestlemania, and it shows Donald Trump tackling  professional wrestling promoter Vince McMahon and then beating him to the ground. Trump then triumphantly pumps his fists in the air. A disgruntled McMahon is then tied to a chair and Trump is shown shaving his head as the crowd cheers him on.While this video is quite entertaining, it s very hard to imagine that the guy  we just watched clotheline and shave Vince McMahon s head could be the leader of our military, the planner of our economy, and the guy who represents America to the world.Let s hope that Donald Trump running for president is just a short and funny clip in America s history and nothing more. Featured image via video screenshot.
SEOUL (Reuters) - South Korea s foreign ministry said Lee Do-hoon, its representative for six-party nuclear talks, and his Chinese counterpart, Kong Xuanyou, will meet in Beijing on Tuesday. The meeting will be the first since the two officials took office and is an extension of recent meetings between nuclear envoys from South Korea, the United States and Japan, the foreign ministry said in a statement. The officials will exchange analyses on the current situation regarding North Korea s nuclear and missile program and also discuss ways to cooperate in managing the situation in a stable manner, the statement said. 
It is so great to be back in Florida, my second home. Let me also thank our good and dear friend, Chairman Jeff Miller, for joining us here today. We ve worked closely together on developing much-needed reforms to take care of our Veterans.Let me open by making this very important declaration: I love this state, I love the people of this state, and together we are going to have an amazing victory in November.Decades of political failure and corruption will come swiftly to an end, and a New American Future will begin.The citizens of this country will be in charge once more.The special interests have had their day. That chapter in our history is closing. The history book is closing on the failed politicians of yesterday. A new chapter is beginning, and this chapter will be authored by you, the American people.This will be your time. You will be running the show. Not the donors, not the insiders, not the media executives.Once more, we will have a government of, by and for the people.All we have to do is cut our ties to the bitter failures of the past, and anything becomes possible.Change is coming.All the people who ve rigged the system for their own personal benefit are trying to stop our change campaign because they know that their gravy train has reached its last stop.It s your turn now. This is your time.The fact that so many encrusted old political insiders oppose our campaign is the best proof you will ever need that we are fighting for real change   not partisan change.We are fighting for all Americans   Democrats, Republicans, Independents, Conservatives, Liberals   who ve been failed by this corrupt system. We re fighting for everyone who doesn t have a voice.We re also fighting for every region of this country. For every part of Florida, and every part of America. From Pensacola to Pittsburgh, from Baltimore to Baton Rouge, we are fighting for every last city and every last person in this country.Hillary Clinton is the candidate of the past.Ours is the campaign of the future.In this future, we are going to pursue new trade policies that put American workers first   and that keep jobs in our country. All the people who got NAFTA wrong, and China wrong, and who are trying to give us the Trans-Pacific Partnership   are the same failed voices pushing for Hillary Clinton.Our trade deficit with the world is now nearly $800 billion dollars. We ve lost one-third of our manufacturing jobs since Bill and Hillary Clinton gave us NAFTA. China is manipulating its currency and taking our jobs. We are going to stop companies from leaving our country and keep those jobs right here in America. The era of economic surrender is over.We will also have a very strong border that stops people and drugs from illegally pouring into our country   and we re going to build a border wall, and Mexico will pay for it.In this new future, we are going to raise your wages. Household incomes are over $4,000 less today than they were in the year 2000.My tax, trade, energy, immigration and regulation reforms will get your salaries and wages up. Hillary Clinton will continue the failed economic agenda that has only made her friends rich at your personal expense. Many people in this room tonight, and across this country, haven t seen a real wage increase in 18 years.The people getting rich off of our rigged system have sent tens of millions of dollars to Hillary Clinton   much of it to her personal bank account   to keep you from having the future you deserve.But on November 8th, you get to vote for the future you want.In this future, we are going to pursue new education policies. At the center of my plan is school choice. I want every disadvantaged child in America to be able to attend the public or private school that is right for them and their family.In this future, we are also going to keep our country out of the endless wars that have defined Hillary Clinton s career.To keep our country out of war, we will remember those three very famous words: Peace Through Strength.That means rebuilding our badly depleted military. I laid out a detailed plan this week to re-invest in our military and our troops.We are going to build a 350 ship Navy, a 540,000 soldier Army, an Air Force of 1,200 combat-ready fighter jets, and a Marine Core built on 36 Battalions. Crucially, we are also going to pursue a state-of-the-art missile defense.We will start by modernizing our cruisers to provide the Ballistic Missile Defense capability our nation needs.As we expand our Navy toward the goal of 350 ships, we will also procure additional modern destroyers that are designed to handle the missile defense mission in the coming years.Just today we were reminded of the need for missile defense after North Korea performed its fourth nuclear test since Hillary Clinton became Secretary of State.One more massive Hillary Clinton failure.Just like she failed in Iran and put them on the path to nuclear weapons.Hillary Clinton has presided over the greatest series of foreign policy failures and blunders anyone has ever seen. Her policies have produced massive global disorder.She handed Iraq over to ISIS, unleashing that terror group onto the world. ISIS would not be threatening the West today if not for the decisions Hillary Clinton made.She helped destabilize Egypt by supporting the ouster of President Mubarak in exchange for the Muslim Brotherhood. Fortunately, President El-Sisi is now in charge, but terrorists have gained a foothold in that country.She helped push Syria into a prolonged civil war by pushing regime change in that country too   without any plan for the day after.She failed with China, which has only grown more aggressive. By the way, she also let China steal hundreds of billions of dollars in our intellectual property.And of course, Hillary Clinton failed with her Russian Reset. She gave up missile defense in Poland and the Czech Republic in exchange for nothing in return. Then, she gave up 20% of U.S. uranium to Russia  while those who benefited from the deal gave money to the Clintons.Let s not forget, Russia went into Crimea on President Obama s watch.Unlike Clinton and Obama, we will negotiate with Russia from a position of strength   not weakness. And weakness is all we get from President Obama and Hillary Clinton.The difference between me and my opponent on Vladimir Putin, and in all negotiations, is that I negotiate by creating leverage so I can extract a good deal for the United States.Hillary Clinton negotiates but never gets anything of value for the United States. Putin laughs at our leaders, and takes them to the cleaners again and again.That is why we will rebuild our military, strengthen our economy, and regain our position of leadership in the world   so we can negotiate from a position of great strength once again.If I cannot get a good deal for the United States, I will follow the example of Ronald Reagan and walk away. That is completely contrary to the way President Obama and Hillary Clinton negotiate which gets nothing of value for the United States, ever. They just keep losing.I will end this legacy of failure and strongly defend the interests of the United States.But I will also keep focused on the ultimate goal. We will not seek endless conflict and hostility; we won t get trapped in the failed approaches of the past. A future where America can find common ground with countries like Russia and China is a better future for our children.We will pursue these relationships with our eyes wide open, and a clear understanding of our many, many differences. I will advocate the American position with a strength and clarity President Obama and Hillary Clinton never have. No more apology tours. No more bowing to foreign powers. We proudly defend America at every single turn.America will get the respect it deserves.And if we don t, I will walk away from the deal like you ve never seen anyone walk before. And, believe me, within a short while, they will come back   but only on my terms, therefore the terms of the American people.On these principles, we will pursue our long-term goals of peace   for the sake of our kids, and for the sake of the world s future.Hillary Clinton has failed in every single country where she has ever gotten involved, and at a very high price for the world.Her policies have produced only death and destruction, not diplomacy. She s trigger-happy, pushing recklessly for regime change   but never creating or promoting stability, or advancing the core interests of the United States.Her only real achievement as Secretary of State has been getting away with her massive email scandal. She bleached, deleted and destroyed her emails after a subpoena from Congress.She lied to Congress while under oath, and smashed her phones with a hammer to keep them from getting to authorities.By the way, who has thirteen phones in the first place? Only somebody with a whole lot to hide.And we all know what Hillary Clinton was hiding. She was hiding her pay-for-play scandals as Secretary of State.Hillary Clinton isn t just part of the corrupt establishment, she is the corrupt establishment.I just saw her press conference today where Hillary Clinton complained about all of the problems in the world. If only we d had a competent Secretary of State who could have prevented all of these problems from happening.Throughout it all, Hillary Clinton and her Foundation raked in millions and millions of dollars from the most oppressive and brutal regimes on earth. Hillary Clinton and her Foundation have cozied up to regimes that oppress and brutalize women, that murder gays, and that violate human rights on an unimaginable scale.My Administration will be a voice for all people who are oppressed, including the millions of women being oppressed by Radical Islam.Hillary Clinton has been there for 30 years and produced only failure. Yet people keep giving her money and protecting her.It s the powerful protecting the powerful.The insiders fighting for insiders.I am fighting for you.trump im with youAll the people advising Hillary Clinton are the people responsible for the endless wars and conflicts, and the tragedies in the Middle East.I am proud to have the support of the retired generals and admirals who know how to win   and how to avoid endless war.Let me also take this moment to express our deepest thanks and gratitude to everyone who has worn the uniform, but most especially to those who have given the ultimate sacrifice for this country.There is no greater expression of love than the love shown by the men and women who have laid down their lives for their country and its people.It is our duty to ensure that their sacrifices are not in vain. That means we don t issue timetables for political reasons, but that we work with our generals and our leaders to produce a real plan for victory.We will pursue a new, steady foreign policy that seeks to advance the national security interests of the United States   not a reckless, interventionist globalism that has failed this country so badly.And we will be clear in naming our enemy: Radical Islamic Terrorism.The fact that Hillary Clinton can t even say these words proves how unfit she is to lead this country. This is one single fact she can never escape.Any country that shares our goal of defeating this enemy will be our partner in this mission.We will break the cycle of regime change, and refugee crisis, that has gone on for so many years.We simply can t afford to continue down the road we are on right now.That applies to everything.Change is needed at every single level of our society.When I talk about making America Great Again, I m talking about creating a future that includes each and every American.I want the most inclusive, generous and prosperous society we have ever had.The possibilities for our future are unlimited.The Hillary Clinton campaign is so small, so petty, so tired.If we just break from this bitter, divisive past, we can achieve anything.That also means breaking from the lies and the deceit of the Clintons. They want to scare you out of voting for change. The most recent smear comes from Bill Clinton, who said that the theme of Make America Great Again is somehow racist   now they ve unearthed video footage of Bill Clinton repeatedly using this same phrase. It s just one more Clinton lie, one more desperate slander to keep the people from having the future they deserve.When I talk about Making America Great Again, I m talking about making it Great Again for Everyone   but especially for all of the Americans who have been left behind.We are the campaign of unity, and we will deliver amazing things for all of our people.New schools, new factories, new infrastructure.Beautiful skyscrapers will rise all across this nation. We will develop Detroit, Not Beijing.Most importantly, we will fight to end the systemic poverty in our inner cities, and to lift millions of African-Americans and Hispanics out of poverty.Here, in Florida, we have such an amazing and diverse community of Hispanic-Americans   from Cuba, from Puerto Rico, from Venezuela, from Haiti, from all over.These incredible Americans will have in Donald J. Trump a President who is determined to fight for their jobs, their wages, their schools, and their futures.To all Hispanic-Americans who want better jobs and higher wages: I will be your champion.All working people, of all backgrounds and from all places, will have a true friend in Donald Trump.In particular, I have a very special place in my heart for those who make a living as tradesmen, craftsmen and construction workers.I ve spent my professional life among construction workers, bricklayers, electricians and plumbers. I feel more comfortable around blue collar workers than Wall Street executives. There s a reason the hedge fund managers are funding Hillary Clinton s campaign, and not mine.My campaign is powered by my own money, but also small dollar donations from people like all of you who just want their country back.This is our chance. It s our last chance to give the people control over their own futures once again.Gleaming new plants stretching across our nation.Young Latino children getting an amazing education at the school of their choice   and their parents having their jobs protected from unfair competition.Our Veterans will get the best healthcare in the world. You can read the whole plan on our website, DonaldJTrump.com.Massive tax reductions and tax simplification   so that you can keep more of your precious time and your hard-earned money. Hillary Clinton wants to raise your taxes big time.Most importantly, 2017 will be about unity.Once again, we will be One American Nation.We Will Be One American People.Just imagine what we can accomplish together if we set aside our differences, and focus on what we have in common as Americans.We will be one people, living under One God, saluting one beautiful American Flag.We Will Make America Proud Again.We Will Make America Prosperous Again.We Will Make America Safe Again.Friends and fellow citizens, We Will Make America Great Again!
In a shocking interview with Joel Gilbert, producer of  Dreams From My Real Father,  Malik talks about having to come through the back door at the White House or being asked to come at night so no one sees him. He talks about everything that Barack s Aunt Zetouni did for him when he needed her, and how he wouldn t contribute a penny for her funeral. He left it up to the poor villagers in Kenya to figure out how to get her body back to her home country.  He also reveals how Barack has never contributed a dime to help a family member in Kenya.  Ever since President Barack Obama was elected president, many have wondered who Obama really is and what he stands for. Undisclosed and unreported to the mainstream media, Joel Gilbert, who produced the film,  Dreams From My Real Father: A Story of Reds and Deception,  has released an interview with Obama s brother Malik Obama, the Freedom Post reported on Friday. Gilbert conducted the 12-minute interview with Malik Obama on April 10, 2015 and was published on April 22, 2015.The interview shows clips of President Obama speaking of how his father grew up and herded goats and then Gilbert told Malik that Obama had deceived Americans when Obama stated that he would cut the deficit, support Israel, and that Obamacare is not a tax and how he felt about it. Malik responded to Gilbert and said,  Well, the way that he s turned and become a different person with the family is the same way that I see him behaving politically. He says one thing and then he does another. He s not been an honest man, as far as I m concerned, in who he is and what he says and how he treats people.  Gilbert then asked Malik on how he felt about being the oldest brother in the family, Malik responded with disappointment and said,  Disappointed  disappointed, used, used and also betrayed. In the beginning, I didn t think that he was a schemer. His real character, his real personality, the real him, is coming out now. Malik also spoke on how he and Obama s family back in Kenya feel no respect from Obama and was hurt and crushed that Obama would act that way to them.  I don t understand how somebody who claims to be a relative or a brother can behave the way that he s behaving, be so cold and ruthless, and just turn his back on the people,  Malik said.  He said were his family. WATCH INTERVIEW HERE:Joel Gilbert came to the front lines of Obama really is when his book and film was released. The film and book chronicles the life of President Obama, based in part on two years of research, interviews, newly unearthed footage and photos, and the writings of alleged real father of President Obama, Frank Marshall Davis as well as Obama himself. The film and book also chronicles Barack Obama s life journey in Socialism and Marxism, from the day he was born through his election to the Presidency.Via: The Examiner
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump on Tuesday urged Senate Republicans to pass a “generous” replacement program for Obamacare, as the Senate struggled to produce an alternative to the healthcare law. Capitol Hill sources who asked not to be named said Trump described the version of the legislation that passed the House last month as “mean.” That House bill was widely criticized for letting states seek waivers from insurance protections for people with pre-existing conditions. Trump discussed the healthcare bill at a White House lunch he hosted for Republican senators in a bid to help the lawmakers find common ground to move forward with healthcare reform legislation this summer. The White House declined to comment on private conversations between Trump and lawmakers. During the portion of the lunch open to reporters, Trump told the lawmakers their healthcare bill would need to be “generous” and “kind.” “That may be adding additional money into it,” he said, without offering details on how much money might be needed or how it might be used. Trump stepped up pressure for the repeal with a tweet Tuesday morning declaring that the Affordable Care Act, nicknamed Obamacare, “is in a death spiral.” He cited the government’s announcement Monday that some 2 million people who signed up for Obamacare have dropped out this year.  Although Trump’s Republican Party has a majority in both houses of Congress, Trump blamed “obstructionist” Democrats for the lack of progress in repealing President Barack Obama’s signature domestic achievement. Senator John Thune, the No. 3 Republican in the Senate, who attended the lunch meeting, said Trump was open to suggestions that some federal cost-sharing payments to health insurers under Obamacare continue in the near term but that the president did not make any definite pronouncements on that issue. Those payments help cover out-of-pocket medical expenses for low-income Americans. Trump has said he might consider withholding them but insurers say that would wreak havoc in the markets. Thune also said Trump did not give any deadlines to the senators on passing the bill. “I hope that we can stay on schedule to have floor action before the Fourth of July break,” Thune said.       The House of Representatives narrowly approved its version of repeal last month but Senate Republicans have been unable to coalesce around their own version of a bill, with moderates and conservatives pushing in different directions in meetings behind closed doors. The senators Trump invited to lunch included Republicans from both ideological camps. Moderates Susan Collins and Lisa Murkowski were on the list as well as conservatives Ted Cruz and Mike Lee. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell has said senators are closer to bringing up a proposal and other Republicans have predicted for some time that a bill would be ready for a vote before the August recess. Senate aides said the Senate bill was not expected to touch insurance protections that are included in Obamacare for people with pre-existing medical conditions, after the controversy over the House bill that would let states seek waivers from those protections. In states with such waivers, people with pre-existing conditions could still get coverage but they would not be shielded against potentially higher costs. Another senator at the lunch, Finance Committee Chairman Orrin Hatch, said after the meeting that there still was a lot of work to do before legislation can be unveiled.  “The total bill hasn’t been resolved,” he said. 
BERLIN (Reuters) - Members of Germany s Social Democrats (SPD) will get to vote on any decision by the leadership of the center-left party to join a future coalition government, leader Martin Schulz said on Friday.  There is nothing automatic about the direction we are moving in,  Schulz said.  If a discussion results in us deciding to participate in any form whatsoever in the formation of a government, we will put it to a vote of party members.  Schulz made the remarks said during a brief news conference, shortly after the German president announced he would host a meeting next week with Schulz and Chancellor Angela Merkel to find a way out of a political impasse. 
President-elect @realDonaldTrump to protester:  The election ended 3 weeks ago, darling   TCT #Tucker @FoxNews pic.twitter.com/fozZM13tUY  Tucker Carlson (@TuckerCarlson) December 10, 2016
BRUSSELS (Reuters) - The Catalan parliament s declaration of independence has changed nothing and the European Union will only deal with the central government in Madrid, the president of the European Council Donald Tusk said on Friday. Catalonia s parliament declared independence from Spain in defiance of the Madrid government, which at the same time was preparing to impose direct rule over the region.  For EU nothing changes. Spain remains our only interlocutor,  Tusk said on Twitter. Tusk also urged Spain to favor  force of argument, not argument of force.  
In another despicable headline focused on the actions of President Trump, Forbes reported on Tuesday that Trump has funneled over $100,000 in St. Jude Children s Hospital donations into Trump Organization revenue.Trump s son Eric hosts an annual golf tournament to raise millions for the St. Jude children s Research Hospital. The Eric Trump Foundation reportedly funneled $100,000 of the donations right back to Trump s golf courses   to take care of  incurred expenses    instead of going to the charity where the donors had been promised they would go.To top this off, over the past 10 years $500,000 of donated money was conveniently  re-donated  to different charities, including ones connected to family members of Trump. Most of these organizations were using the Trump golf courses for the fund raising tournaments, meaning Trump could have been making additional hundreds-of-thousands off of charities over the yers.The order to bill the Eric Trump charitable foundation for obscene amounts of donated money came directly from Trump himself, says the report. This means that not only did Trump swindle charity money, he also broke federal and New York state laws on misleading donors and self-dealing.The President had announced that he would dissolve his charitable foundation to avoid what people might consider conflicts of interest, but he has yet to act on that promise. New York state s attorney general isn t going to allow him to do anything of the sort while a criminal probe of the charity is on-going. The Trump Foundation is still under investigation by this office and cannot legally dissolve until that investigation is complete,  said Attorney General spokesperson Amy Spitalnick, in December.Really? Hundreds-of-thousands from kids with cancer? Speechless.Photo by Olivier Douliery-Pool/Getty Images
George Soros funded, Obama approved domestic terrorism.   It s all the rage with the progressive left Black Lives Matter activists tried to disrupt the Minnesota State Fair on Saturday and marched down the street, shouting a chant that called for the deaths of police officers:  Pigs in a blanket, fry  em like bacon! The phrase  pigs in a blanket  refers to police officers in body bags and has been used overtly by a Black Lives Matter-influenced activist who murdered two police officers.Video shows that, as the group happily chanted about murdering police officers, they had a police escort protecting their safety and First Amendment rights."Pigs in a blanket, fry em like bacon" #BlackFair #BlackLivesMatter #FTP #ACAB pic.twitter.com/NaQNehnd5g  EMP THY (@MrNikoG) August 29, 2015The chant is part of a pattern of Black Lives Matter taunting police after the deaths of police officers. As the Daily Mail reported at the time, the chant was used by Ferguson protestors following the excecution of two police officers by a killer who used the exact phrase  pigs in a blanket :Shocking video taken at a protest in St. Louis shows several demonstrators taunting police just hours after two NYPD officers were killed in an apparent  retribution  killing following the Michael Brown and Eric Garner grand jury decisions.Bassem Masri has made headlines before for his protest tactics and Saturday he appeared to stay true to form in a video in which he chants at police,  Pigs in a blanket smell like bacon. Hours before, Ismaaiyl Brinsley shot and killed NYPD officers Wenjian Liu and Rafael Ramos after posting he d soon be  putting pigs in a blanket.   Via: Breitbart NewsHERE IS A VIDEO TAKEN BY #BlackLivesMatter PROTESTERS OUTSIDE OF THE MN STATE FAIR: 
Besides Nancy Pelosi, there really isn t a dumber person in Congress than Sheila Jackson-Lee(D-TX). Watch her blame leaked emails on Wikipedia, the online source for information. Uhhh perhaps when you re criticizing someone on TV, you should know who you re criticizing:https://twitter.com/WDFx2EU7/status/789491508781035521Believe it or not, this is not one of the stupidest things she has ever said. Here are a few of Jackson-Lee s greatest hits:Here s Jackson -Lee telling fellow members of Congress that our Constitution is 400 years old:Sheila Jackson-Lee is not only one of the stupidest people in DC, she is also one of the most racist. Here she is blaming Congress for not wanting to raise the debt limit because their  racists :Here is black billionaire Herman Cain s response to dingbat, racist Sheila Jackson-Lee s ignorant comments:Here s Jackson-Lee telling congressional colleagues how much money Americans have to squander. Watch her call for martial law over the non-support of Obamacare by Americans:
First, U.S. District Judge Nathaniel M. Gorton, in Boston, said in a preliminary 21-page ruling that he would not extend a seven-day restraining order that has prevented the travel restrictions from being implemented this week.A short time later on Friday, though, U.S. District Court Judge James Robart, in Seattle, upheld a challenge to Trump s order from the attorneys general of Washington state and Minnesota and issued another temporary national restraining order.On Friday, federal Judge James Robart, who was appointed by former President George Bush in 2003, ruled that the President Trump s immigration executive order would be stopped nationwide effective immediately. GPThis is a great story that illustrates the power one liberal judge can wield from the bench.U.S. District Judge Robart, who is presiding over a 2012 consent decree requiring the city to adopt reforms to address federal allegations of police bias, rebuked the Seattle police union for holding up reforms as it bargains over a new contract, The Seattle Times reported.Watch here:Watch federal judge James Robart's #BlackLivesMatter declaration, plus his challenge to Seattle's police union. pic.twitter.com/UDgQl2XCiu  Ansel Herz (@Ansel) August 23, 2016 Judge Robart, a George W. Bush appointee, said proposed police reform legislation should include putting a civilian in charge of police oversight, shutting down a police-led disciplinary board and creating a civilian position of inspector general.Judge Robart threatened to call a hearing and override the city s bargaining process with the union if he concluded the union was interfering with reform, The Times reported.The judge ended Monday s hearing by citing a statistic that claimed 41 percent of the shootings nationwide by police were of blacks. Black lives matter,  he said, drawing an audible reaction in a courtroom, The Times reported.
 This is the final episode of Patrick LIVE on Independent Talk 1100 KFNX and globally at Alternate Current Radio THIS WEEK: Episode #19 This week we we wrap-up an amazing run on 1100 AM KFNX   first hitting the headlines with Al Gore s hot air, BREXIT and the liberal academia s attack on 21st Century Wire and new scourge of  alternative narratives . So we ask our listeners: is there any objective integrity left in America academia? We ll find out   Tonight, host Patrick Henningsen is joined a Motley cast of VIP callers   to hit the issues of the day, one last time Listen to  EP #19: Patrick Henningsen LIVE   with Open Call Line  on Spreaker.For the last five months this program has been broadcasting LIVE every Wednesday night from 8pm and 9pm PST, in the post-drive time slot and after the Savage Nation, on Independent Talk 1100 KFNX over the terrestrial AM band across the greater Phoenix and central Arizona region, and live over global satellite and online via www.1100kfnx.com and syndicated on the Alternate Current Radio Network. LISTEN TO MORE INTERVIEWS AT PATRICK HENNINGSEN LIVE  SHOW ARCHIVES
NEW YORK (Reuters) - The U.S. presidential envoy to the coalition fighting insurgent group Islamic State said on Friday that Kuwait would hold a conference on reconstruction in Iraq early next year. The envoy, Brett McGurk, also told reporters that military rules of engagement with Russia aimed at avoiding conflicts in Syria were unchanged from previous arrangement. 
MOGADISHU (Reuters) - Somalia s government said on Wednesday it had requested a U.S. air strike that killed scores of suspected militants to help pave the way for an upcoming ground offensive against Islamist group al Shabaab. The U.S. military s Africa Command (Africom) said on Tuesday it had killed more than 100 of the al Qaeda-linked insurgents in the strike on a camp 125 miles (200 km) northwest of the capital Mogadishu.  Those militants were preparing explosives and attacks. Operations against al Shabaab have been stepped up,          Somali Information Minister Abdirahman Omar Osman told Reuters.  We have asked the U.S. to help us from the air to make our readied ground offensive more successful.  Al Shabaab spokesman Abdiasis Abu Musab denied the air strike had taken place.  It is just... propaganda,  he told Reuters.  The United States has ramped up operations in Somalia this year after President Donald Trump loosened the rules of engagement in March. Africom reported eight U.S. air strikes from May to August, compared to 13 for the whole of 2016. Including Tuesday s strike, it has reported five this month alone. The Pentagon said the U.S. military would continue to target militants in strikes in coordination with the Somali government. Al Shabaab has lost control of most of Somalia s cities and towns since African Union peacekeepers supporting Somali troops pushed the insurgency out of the capital Mogadishu in 2011. But it retains a strong presence in parts of the south and center. Somali president Mohamed Abdullahi Mohamed, a dual U.S.-Somali citizen, has taken a harder line than his predecessors against the insurgency since he was sworn in earlier this year. But his plans have been undermined by the poor state of the Somali military and political infighting.  He has also had to try to mend fences with the powerful Habar Gidir clan, following a raid involving U.S. forces on the town of Bariire in August in which 10 people were killed including three children. 
MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russian petrochemical holding Sibur said on Monday it had no direct dealings with U.S. Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross and that its ties to its partners were not in breach of sanctions imposed on Russia over the Ukraine crisis. Sibur was commenting on reports that Ross has kept investments in Navigator Holdings, a shipping firm which has supplied services to Sibur. Stakeholders in Sibur include an associate of Russian Vladimir Putin who is subject to U.S. sanctions. In a statement, Sibur said that in the first half of this year, Sibur spent $15.9 million on services provided by Navigator, or 2.8 percent of Sibur’s overall expenditure on logistics. It said Navigator was never a sole contractor for shipping Sibur’s petrochemical products. “All negotiations and meetings were held solely by Sibur management and solely with management of those companies (which were shipping Sibur’s liquefied petroleum gas) and without shareholders’ involvement,” Sibur said in an emailed statement. “In connection with the introduction in 2014 of sanctions with regard to one of the company’s shareholders, our counter-parties conducted all necessary checks into whether there were any restrictions on working with Sibur. No such restrictions were found,” the statement said. “Sibur expresses its surprise at the politically-charged interpretation in certain media publications of regular commercial activities, over many years, which from the outset were reflected in the company’s published accounts.” Sibur’s shareholders include Gennady Timchenko, a close Putin ally who has been under U.S. sanctions since 2014. Another Sibur shareholder is Putin’s son-in-law, Kirill Shamalov. Shamalov did not reply to an email from Reuters seeking  comment. Spokesman for Volga Group, an investment vehicle for Timchenko’s assets, declined to comment.  The New York Times and other publications, citing leaked documents from an offshore law firm, reported that partnerships used by Ross have a 31 percent stake in Navigator Holdings. Reuters has not independently verified the documents. 
BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Islamic State will be completely defeated in Iraq this year, Iraqi state television quoted Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi as saying on Tuesday. Islamic State s cross-border  caliphate  effectively collapsed in July, when U.S.-backed Iraqi forces captured Mosul, the group s de facto capital in Iraq, after a nine-month battle. The group s last territory in Iraq is now a stretch skirting the western border with Syria following the fall of the town of Hawija and surrounding areas on Oct. 5 in an offensive by U.S.-backed Iraqi forces. 
In the closing days before the Iowa caucus, the very first primary of the 2016 election, Ted Cruz is having a bit of a panic moment. Having enjoyed high polls in Iowa for months, his disastrous last debate performance and general unlikability have him falling fast. In his desperation to win, his campaign decided to try to lie and shame voters into showing up for him   and absolutely NOBODY is happy about it.This week, Iowans began waking up to find a scary looking note in their mail. On yellow paper made to look like a ticket, the letter reads  VOTING VIOLATION  and creepily names the homeowner and their neighbors. The instructions are even more pathetic.You are recieving this election notice because of low expected voter turnout in your area. Your individual voting history as well as your neighbors  are public record. Their scores are published below, and many of them will see your score as well. Caucus on monday to improve your score and please encourage your neighbors to caucus as well. A follow-up notice may be issued following Monday s caucuses.In other words, Cruz s campaign is trying to scare unknowing Iowans into voting (preferably for him) by threatening to make them look bad in front of their community. What s more, Cruz s name only appears in small print at the top of the envelope (and no where on the  ticket  at all). It would be easy to open this up and see  VOTING VIOLATION  blaring at you in read and think you were actually in trouble.How scummy is this tactic? So scummy, in fact, that one of Cruz s biggest endorsers actually swore Cruz would never do something as low as this. He didn t know it at the time, but Cruz s campaign had already confirmed that it had. Yes, they really are that desperate.It now appears that Cruz s underhanded tactics have even caught the eye of Iowa s state government   and they weren t amused. Iowa s Republican secretary of state, Paul Pate, released a statement strongly rebuking Cruz s campaign for trying to pull something like this. He has a personal beef with it too, because Cruz s campaign   in all of its hubris   decided to name his office in the mailer. It implied that Iowa s state government was complicit. Today I was shown a piece of literature from the Cruz for President campaign that misrepresents the role of my office, and worse, misrepresents Iowa election law. Accusing citizens of Iowa of a  voting violation  based on Iowa Caucus participation, or lack thereof, is false representation of an official act. There is no such thing as an election violation related to frequency of voting. Any insinuation or statement to the contrary is wrong and I believe it is not in keeping in the spirit of the Iowa Caucuses. It is, of course, important in a democracy that people vote. (Ironically, Cruz has been instrumental in preventing people from voting. But only the ones he doesn t like.) However, there are any number of reasons why a person would have a  low score  in these ridiculous fliers and still have contributed to the voting process. Some may have been out of state residents who vote by mail. Others may have simply decided to not participate in a Republican primary in which all candidates don t seem to represent their values. In any case, it s not up to Ted Cruz and his desperate campaign to shame a person for not doing what he would like. Worse, making it appear as if the mail recipient is in violation of a law, can make people even more fearful of the voting process.Cruz s campaign has long been built on lies and smears, but it s becoming clear that in his frenzy to catch up with Donald Trump, he s lost all sense of perspective.Feature image via Jamelle Bouie/Flickr
DHAKA (Reuters) - A truck carrying relief supplies for Rohingya Muslim refugees  skidded off a hilly road in Bangladesh and plunged into a paddy field on Thursday, killing nine people and injuring 10, police and aid workers said. The accident happened in a district near the Myanmar border where refugees have been arriving since late last month to escape a Myanmar military offensive against insurgents that the United Nations has described as ethnic cleansing.  Six died on the spot while three died on the way to hospital,  A. K. M. Jahangir, a senior official with the Red Crescent relief group, told Reuters. Some of the injured were in critical condition, he added. The dead and injured were laborers, traveling in the truck to help distribute the aid supplies. About 422,000 refugees from Myanmar have poured into Bangladesh since Aug. 25, when attacks by Rohingya militants on security posts triggered the Myanmar army offensive in response. Buddhist-majority Myanmar denies ethnic cleansing, saying its security forces are tackling Rohingya terrorists. 
ISTANBUL (Reuters) - Turkey said on Tuesday it could expand its military mission in Syria to two other provinces, potentially bringing its forces into confrontation with U.S.-backed Kurdish fighters that Ankara considers its enemies. Turkish troops have operated an  observation mission  in rebel-held territory in Syria s northwestern Idlib province, under a deal with Damascus allies Russia and Iran to help reduce fighting between insurgents and government forces.  It s been considered that the observation mission of the Turkish armed forces in the Idlib de-escalation zone is continuing successfully, and such a mission being performed near Western Aleppo and Afrin would provide a real environment of peace and safety,  Turkey s National Security Council said in a statement. Ankara, which has long backed rebels fighting to overthrow President Bashar al-Assad, has toned down its demands that Assad leave power. It now says its main concerns in Syria are combating both Islamist militants and Kurdish fighters it considers allies of the Kurdistan Workers  Party (PKK) which has fought a decades-long insurgency in southeastern Turkey. Earlier this month, Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan said that Turkey needed to clear the Afrin region of northwest Syria of Kurdish YPG militia fighters as the military operation in Idlib province is largely complete. The Kurdish YPG is the main element in a U.S.-backed force that Washington has assisted with training, weapons, air support and help from ground advisers in the battle against Islamic State. Washington s support for the YPG is a bone of contention between the United States and Turkey, which are allies in NATO. 
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump on Monday fired senior adviser Ed Brookover, two sources close to his campaign said. The sources did not say why Brookover was fired. A statement from the Trump campaign confirmed Brookover had left. “The campaign has parted ways with Ed, but we are thankful to him for his many contributions and appreciate his continued support,” the Trump campaign said in a statement. Brookover did not immediately respond to a request for comment. Brookover, who joined the Trump campaign in March, was appointed in June to serve as a liaison between the Trump campaign and the Republican National Committee. Prior to joining Trump, Brookover served as campaign manager to Ben Carson during his failed bid for the Republican nomination. 
BOSTON (Reuters) - FBI Director James Comey said he has no plans to step down anytime soon in a speech on Wednesday, days after he reportedly pushed back against President Donald Trump’s allegations that the Obama administration had tapped phones at Trump Tower. “You’re stuck with me for another 6-1/2 years,” Comey said at a Boston College cyber security conference, indicating he expects to serve the remainder of his 10-year term. Comey did not speak with reporters during public appearances in Boston on Tuesday and Wednesday, ignoring questions about the wiretapping accusation that Trump made on Saturday without offering any evidence to support it. Comey, who was appointed FBI director by Barack Obama in 2013, had urged Justice Department officials to refute Trump’s claims because it falsely insinuated the Federal Bureau of Investigation broke the law, U.S. officials have said. The department has not acted on his request. The White House said on Monday that Trump still has confidence in Comey despite his assertiveness in challenging Trump’s claim. Comey also reiterated a plea for technology companies to enable authorities to access encrypted data on mobile devices and in messaging apps. He said strong encryption had become more popular in recent years, particularly after former intelligence contractor Edward Snowden’s revelations about U.S. spying programs.  The use of the technology for scrambling data has made it increasingly difficult for law enforcement to investigate crimes, even when authorities have court orders giving them permission to access data, he said. As evidence, he said that FBI technicians were unable to access data in about 1,200 of some 2,800 devices that state and local agency asked the bureau to help open from October to December, hampering progress in criminal investigations. 
LONDON (Reuters) - Britain s foreign minister Boris Johnson said he was not going to resign, when questioned on Tuesday following reports that he could quit before the weekend if his Brexit demands were not met by Prime Minister Theresa May. May is due to make a speech on Brexit on Friday and the Daily Telegraph newspaper reported that close friends of Johnson believe he will have no choice but to walk away if she advocates permanently paying for access to the EU s single market. Speaking in New York, Johnson was asked by reporters if he planned to resign in footage aired by Sky News.  No ... of course not, we re going to deliver a fantastic Brexit,  he said.  We re working together, and the key thing is to make sure Britain can take advantage of the opportunities that Brexit provides.  May later backed Johnson in an interview with Sky News.  Boris is doing good work as Foreign Secretary,  she said, according to a Tweet by Sky News reporter Beth Rigby.  May also said she was confident of getting her whole senior team of ministers to back her Brexit strategy, which she is due to lay out at a specially convened cabinet meeting on Thursday before making her Brexit speech in Florence on Friday. 
It s fascinating that even before any facts related to the Flint water crisis were available, the Hollywood liberal elite and Leftist s across America were calling for the head of Michigan s Republican Governor. Now that the evidence is overwhelmingly pointing to a corrupt and incompetent EPA along with incompetent Democrat public officials in Flint, MI., will the media start correctly placing the blame where it belongs? WATCH big mouth activist Michael Moore attempting to inject his rancor into the Flint water crisis, as a way to draw attention to himself and place blame on Republican Governor Rick Snyder instead of the actual culprit, the incompetent EPA:Four months after being notified about high lead levels in a Flint home, the Environmental Protection Agency was prepared to let the city continue giving lead-contaminated water to customers until at least 2016, emails released Friday show.Jennifer Crooks, the Michigan program manager for the EPA s Drinking Water State Revolving Fund, sent out an agenda on June 8, 2015, for a planned call with Michigan Department of Environmental Quality officials.In that email, Crooks said it was known that Flint had not been adding any corrosion-control chemicals to its water to prevent lead from leaching from the pipes into drinking water since April 2014. She said the city was in its second six-month testing period.It didn t make sense for the city to start a corrosion control program in June 2015, Crooks wrote. Since Flint has lead service lines, we understand some citizen-requested lead sampling is exceeding the Action Level, and the source of drinking water will be changing again in 2016, so to start a Corrosion Control Study now doesn t make sense,  Crooks wrote. The idea to ask Flint to simply add phosphate may be premature; there are many other issues and factors that must be taken into account which would require a comprehensive look at the water quality and the system before any treatment recommendations can/should be made. The email was sent almost four months after EPA researcher Miguel Del Toral was made aware of high lead in Flint s water.Via: Washington Examiner 
A Tennessee man did what thousands of ammosexuals across the nation do on a regular basis   paranoid that someone somewhere is out to get him, he brought an assault rifle and a loaded handgun with him to church on Easter Sunday.The NRA regularly urges gun owners to  be vigilant  and ready to stand up to any and all threats   real or perceived   in the great nation of Amerikastan. Citing unspecified and mostly nonexistent threats, the Second Amendment warriors say that ammosexuals should pack heat wherever they go   just in case a  bad guy with a gun  shows his dirty, rotten, face. Unfortunately, far too many people fall for the right-wing group s propaganda   and one such man is Marcus Donald, 31, of Memphis.Donald was arrested on Sunday after he attempted to enter Easter services at a Baptist church. Like many scared white men across the nation, Donald came to church locked and loaded. For years, the Baptist Church has been  pointing people to Christ with gun giveaways and calls for congregations to arm themselves. While Donald s decision to show up to church armed to the teeth would normally be celebrated, there was one problem   his skin color.Aside from the obvious exterior features   Donald is black   he seems like the typical NRA acolyte. But that didn t stop police from showing up to arrest him. The man came to church with  a loaded 40 caliber Beretta in the pocket of his pants and a 300 Blackout Assault Rifle in a backpack,  according to police. Upon his arrest, he told law enforcement that people in society are a threat to him and that he must be vigilant. If Donald had been white, he would have been permitted to walk straight into the church and endanger the 4,500 people present   but a security guard stopped and disarmed him before he had a chance to make it through the doors. We are thankful for the diligence of (our) security and the Memphis Police Department,  Jim Barnwell, Bellevue Baptist Church, Director of Communication Services, told Fox 13. This is a photo of Barnwell: What were the man s intentions? We don t know,  he said, a question that would likely have not been asked with regard to a white man.  We are thankful for our security people. What a great job that they do. Donald, like many people on the Right should be when they carry an assault rifle around town, to the grocery store, to church, or anywhere else where guns are not appropriate, was taken in for  emergency commitment  despite that Tennessee state law allows guns inside churches unless that property is being used for a school event or if signs are posted that weapons are banned  the only time a mentally ill person can be taken into custody solely for being mentally,  according to the Crisis Intervention Team at the University of Memphis.Barnwell says he is unaware if the church has a policy against guns, but his staff was very quick to call police when they saw a scary black man with a gun even though there was nothing aside from Donald s decision to carry loaded weapons around (once again, something crazy crackers do all the time) to indicate he is mentally ill.Police say he may not be cited for carrying the weapons around if he had a valid permit   but it is interesting that he was accosted by police at all. While this should be the standard reaction whenever anyone runs around with loaded firearms, it s not. Had Donald been white, it would have just been another Sunday at church.Apparently. the Second Amendment simply does not apply to people like Donald, who fail to pass the racial litmus test.Watch a report on the arrest below:Featured image via screengrab
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. military said on Friday it carried out airstrikes on Nov. 20 in Yemen s al Bayda province that killed five militants from al Qaeda s affiliate there, including Mujahid al-Adani, whom it described as one of the group s leaders.  Al-Adani maintained a significant influence within AQAP as well as close ties to other AQAP senior leaders,  the U.S. military s Central Command said in a statement, using an acronym for al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula. 
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The head of the U.S. Consumer Financial Protection Bureau accused congressional critics of relying on “misstatements” to criticize his agency, which was set up under former President Barack Obama to pursue bad behavior by financial institutions. Richard Cordray, the bureau’s director, wrote to “correct the record” in a letter sent to a congressional panel on Wednesday regarding a recent report critical of the CFPB’s work in a high-profile scandal. The five-page letter took issue with multiple conclusions reached in a report released earlier this month by Republican staff on the House Financial Services Committee. Some members of the committee have pushed for Republican President Donald Trump to fire Cordray, who has headed the agency since he was appointed by Obama, a Democrat, in 2012. The report said the CFPB had been an ineffective watchdog against Wells Fargo & Co, missing extensive improper sales practices and taking action only after work on the bank’s unauthorized accounts scandal had been done by others.  The committee’s report also depicted the CFPB as reluctant to cooperate with the panel’s Well Fargo probe. Cordray insisted that his agency had done critical work in policing Wells Fargo, and said the report “devolves into various misstatements and allegations” about the CFPB’s work. The CFPB, along with the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency and the city and county of Los Angeles, struck a $185 million settlement against the bank in September. Cordray argued that improper sales practices were underway at Wells Fargo as far back as 2001, while his agency was only fully staffed in 2014. He maintained the CFPB had acted properly in monitoring the bank, and the CFPB’s presence allowed the federal government to provide relief to wronged consumers across the country as part of the settlement. He went on to accuse Republican staff of refusing to receive a September briefing from his staff on Wells Fargo, instead demanding he personally brief them with one day’s notice, which he was unable to do. He said he also offered to publicly testify at a committee hearing devoted to Wells Fargo, but did not receive an invitation. A committee spokesman did not immediately respond to a request for comment. Cordray is one of a handful of remaining regulatory heads that were appointed by Obama. Republicans have criticized the CFPB since it created as part of the 2010 Dodd-Frank Wall Street reform law. Efforts to fundamentally reshape the agency have ramped up since the November 2016 election. 
CATANO, Puerto Rico (Reuters) - Wading through highways swamped by turbid waters that sloshed over scattered, sunken belongings, residents of this Puerto Rican barrio flooded by Hurricane Maria have begun emerging from their shattered homes. Lying southwest of the capital San Juan, the Juana Matos neighborhood in Catano municipality took a huge hit from Maria after the storm slammed winds of up to 155 mph (249 kmh) into Puerto Rico early on Wednesday, destroying or damaging an estimated 80 percent of housing in the working-class barrio. The storm, the second Category 5 hurricane to batter the Caribbean this month, claimed at least 32 lives across the region, including 15 in Puerto Rico, and shut down power and communications across the island of 3.4 million people. By Thursday, Maria s floodwaters had turned the heart of the predominantly wood-built Juana Matos barrio into a series of waterways more suited to boats than walking.  It s like we re in Venice,  said 69-year-old steel worker Joaquin Rebollo, looking out across a broad channel that is normally teeming with cars.  It was a really bad experience, really bad. I almost died of fright.  Pitching the roof off his home and dozens of others in the area, Maria began to work through the wiring around the house as darkness descended across the island.  It was like (Maria) was chewing the cables,  he said, vividly making as if to bite through power lines with his teeth. Opposite him, residents trudged up to their knees in waters covering what was the main highway connecting Catano with the municipality of Bayamon further south. Rebollo and many neighbors left their homes in the hope the flooding that rose to four feet in some areas would recede. Houses locked for the storm were stripped of roofs or walls. Stranded cars stood half-sunk in driveways and satellite dishes tilted towards the sky to receive signals that had gone.  I peeked my head out during the storm and felt the wind - and saw the wood, the roof, and the windows in the air,  said Domingo Avilez, 47, who took cover inside a small cement stock room beneath his mother s house when Maria struck. By the end, the stock room was the only room left. Local officials estimate upwards of 2,000 people live in Juana Matos, and many too old or unwilling to evacuate watched from upper floors as the floodwaters turned streets into stagnant canals that seeped through their homes.  Well, we re alive,  said 75-year-old grandfather Angel Santos from the debris-strewn second floor of his wooden home.  These are the works of God, so there s nothing you can do,  Santos said, reflecting the faith evident among many Puerto Ricans hit by Maria just days after Hurricane Irma left. Even those on the edge of the flood-prone barrio in homes high enough to avoid shipping huge quantities of water suffered brutal incursions. Magdalena Oliveras, a 52-year-old housewife, showed the twisted metal blinds of her two-meter high washroom window she said had been mangled by a deluge from a nearby building. Lidia Espinal, 57, a longtime Juana Matos resident from the Dominican Republic, suffered a double blow on Wednesday morning before phone lines went down with a call from her homeland to say her younger brother had suffered a fatal heart attack. But Maria s presence meant she could not travel back.  I lost everything in my house, the good things, the roof, the windows. The stove is full of water,  she said.  But the death of my brother taught me that we can t hold on to material things. Because life does not come back.  
THE HAGUE (Reuters) - After blocking U.N. Security Council action against Syria, Russia has proposed changing the rules for inspectors at the world s chemical weapons body in The Hague, a move Western diplomats and experts said would undermine its work. It is the latest confrontation between Russia, a close ally and military backer of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad, and the West over an international inquiry established to determine who is behind ongoing chemical attacks in Syria s civil war. It came as Russian President Vladimir Putin hosted Assad late on Monday for talks aimed at ending a conflict that has now raged for nearly seven years. [L8N1NR3VO] At the Organisation for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons (OPCW), a draft Russian-Iranian decision circulated among the 41 members of the body s executive council, a copy of which was obtained by Reuters, sought to overturn procedures on how  OPCW inspectors work and how their findings are shared. The proposal was to be discussed by the OPCW s decision-making executive council, which was meeting on Tuesday, but had little chance of obtaining sufficient support to pass. Russia s ambassador to the OPCW, Alexander Shulgin, said in an interview that Moscow remained committed to the OPCW and efforts to prosecute perpetrators of attacks. But Russia is  not convinced by some of the findings implicating the Syrian government,  he said, defending the effort to change the mandate. He also questioned the decision not to send OPCW inspectors to Khan Sheikhoun, where nearly 100 people were killed with sarin on April 4,  based on the pretext of the security conditions . The head of the OPCW said at the time the team was not deployed to Khan Sheikhoun due to genuine security risks   they were ambushed and shot at during investigations in 2013 and 2014. The team confirmed sarin poisoning by testing the blood of victims across the border in Turkey. The Russian draft says the OPCW should withhold  findings that are not based on the results of on-site investigations , but experts said this was an attempt to scupper the investigations.  (Russia s) supreme goal is to compromise the ability of the (OPCW) fact-finding mission to do its job professionally and without political interference,  said Gregory Koblentz, a non-proliferation expert at George Mason University, in the U.S. state of Virginia.  This draft resolution has to be seen as part of a Russian strategy to undermine all international investigations into the use of chemical weapons by the Syrian government,  he said. Last Friday, Moscow blocked a proposal to extend the mandate of a joint investigation by the United Nations and the OPCW, saying it was seriously flawed. Under a 2013 U.S.-Russian deal, Assad agreed to hand over his toxic stockpile following a sarin attack in a Damascus suburb. Dozens of countries helped to remove and destroy the lethal chemicals, but attacks have continued. Investigators have already concluded that Syrian government forces were behind later attacks with nerve-agent sarin and chlorine barrel bombs, while Islamic State militants had used sulfur mustard gas. Syria denied using chemical weapons. Sweden and Uruguay are pushing for the U.N. Security Council to revive an international inquiry, but without the support of Russia, which holds a veto, there can be no further U.N.-backed inquiries. 
Wouldn t it be nice if we could just kick bigots out of our country? Well, that s exactly what happened when anti-gay Arizona pastor Stephen Anderson stopped by Botswana for a visit and decided to preach hate.Anderson s road to Botswana was an eventful one, with the United Kingdom banning him from so much as getting on a connecting flight in their country. This forced him to find a  roundabout  way to get to Botswana, where he intended to spend quite some time preaching. But after he suggested that homosexuals be stoned to death in a radio interview, Anderson learned that his hatred is not tolerated everywhere. I have identified Steven Anderson as an undesirable person to travel to South Africa,  Home Affairs Minister Malusi Gigaba told the BBC. The country s Constitution, unlike ours, prohibits hate speech against, among other things, the gay community (even though homosexual acts are illegal in Botswana)   and if you ve ever listened to Anderson speak for five minutes straight, you know hate speech is kind of his  thing.  The government even tweeted to inform everyone he had been declared a  prohibited immigrant :Pastor #StevenAnderson, a #USA citizen has been declared a Prohibited Immigrant and as such is being deported from #Botswana  Botswana Government (@BWGovernment) September 20, 2016What prompted his removal was a radio interview in which he said homosexuals should be  stoned to death.  Anderson also repeated his praise of the Pulse nightclub shooter. While he says he doesn t advocate violence, the victims were  disgusting homosexuals who the Bible says are worthy of death, the Bible says the government should put them to death, so why would I be sad if these horrible people died that the Bible says should die anyway. Anderson told his interviewer, who pointed out that the Bible supports slavery, that while he doesn t believe the Bible condones slavery (it does),  if it did then yes I would condone it  because  the Bible is always right and I am not smarter than God. In the past, Anderson has blamed the terrorist attacks in France earlier this year on the country s acceptance of  f*ggots, has called the Orlando massacre  good news  because a bunch of  f*ggots  died (he later expanded on that by adding that  perfect Christians  would  bathe  in the blood of the slaughtered innocents while singing praise to God), has prayed for the death of President Obama and asked God to rip out Caitlyn Jenner s heart and even suggested executing every gay person in the world  to cure AIDS. You can watch Anderson getting snagged by immigration officials below. If you re anything like me, you ll play it on repeat and laugh.You can see an interview with his camera guy here:Featured image via screen capture
Tune in to the Alternate Current Radio Network (ACR) for another LIVE broadcast of  The Boiler Room  tonight 6:00 PM PST | 8:00 PM CST | 9:00 PM EST for this special broadcast. Join us for uncensored, uninterruptible talk radio, custom-made for bar fly philosophers, misguided moralists, masochists, street corner evangelists, media-maniacs, savants, political animals and otherwise lovable rascals.Join ACR hosts Hesher and Spore along side Jay Dyer of Jays Analysis for the hundred and thirty fifth episode of BOILER ROOM. Turn it up, tune in and hang with the ACR Brain-Trust for this weeks boil downs and analysis and the usual gnashing of the teeth of the political animals in the social reject club.On this episode of Boiler Room the ACR Brain-Trust is running a round table discussion on school systems putting cameras in bathrooms in the US and the EU, Facebook as an extension of the federal intelligence apparatus, silicone valley insiders admit social media was designed to exploit inherent vulnerabilities in human beings to get them addicted to their applications, the selective silencing of dissenting voices in social media, the NY bike path  terror attack  from a non-conspiratorial VLOGer, the Texas church shooting near San Antonio and the first Transexual elected to political office.Direct Download Episode #135 Please like and share the program and visit our donate page to get involved! Reference Links, for your consideration and research:
If you haven t been paying attention then you wouldn t know that this administration has literally thrown us to the wolves. The UN and radical liberals in the Obama administration are so hell bent on the global society that they are flooding us with muslim  refugees  and illegals in the name of diversity. The bleeding heart liberals feel the need to shove what they want down your throat without any consideration for the cost to you. If there is one thing President Barack Obama has accomplished for Islam, it was exposing to jihadists the horrendously soft underbelly of the present day West.During his seven year long hold over America, Obama was the first western leader to fundamentally transform a once thriving nation into a helpless borderless state. Like most of his policies, the borderless country concept was not his original idea, but one he adopted from the global citizen-advocating United Nations.In the upheaval caused by millions of refugees flooding European borders, too many remain unaware that the imprimatur of a defenseless west was both laid bare and originated by none other than Barack Obama.In their centuries-old dream of imposing a Caliphate on the civilized world, the bloodthirsty terrorists of radical Islam didn t have to read teacups this time. They only had to follow Obama s Hansel and Gretel-like bread crumbs to find a surefire way into the West.Almost overnight the same ISIS terrorists Obama refused to name went from graphic Internet videos of beheadings to heartbreaking photos of Muslim  refugees , mostly women and children dying in desperate attempts to reach Europe.For Obama, Marxist superiority went all the way from not crossing his media hyped  red line  to zero lines of defense for the safety of unsuspecting citizens worldwide.The blueprint for taking over the West was there for everyone including the enemy to clearly see.With no boots on the ground and using air strikes for show, Australia, Bahrain, Canada, France, Jordan, Morocco, Qatar, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, the United Arab Emirates and the United Kingdom flocked to Obama for the useless  Coalition of the Unwilling . As the videos got more graphic by day and the media dubbed terrorists with nicknames like  Jihadi John  of John Lennon Beatle fame, it becomes easy to understand the rush to the coalition.Perhaps it was easier to think in the beginning that air strikes and drones would frighten off the terrorists.But recognizing that no boots on the ground meant no hearts in the fight, the terrorists continued the slaughter of innocents, sending out horrific videos as proof.At the end of the day, the Coalition of the Unwilling, the west s answer to the ISIS decapitation videos, laid bare to jihadists that the west had no stomach for swift and substantial retaliation to raging radical Islam. There are 20 million refugees waiting at the doorstep of Europe,  said Johannes Hahn, EU Commissioner for European Neighbourhood Policy and Enlargement Negotiations. (Gatestone Institute, Sept. 14, 2015) Many claim that Europe, facing the crisis produced by the huge influx of Muslim migrants and refugees fleeing mainly Syria and Iraq, should open its doors. But given the realities in Europe and the Muslim world, this suggestion may well be harmful to both the West and to the Muslim world. One of the most common arguments is that Europe is not doing enough for the Muslim refugees and is actually responsible for the turmoil in Syria as well as the rest of the Muslim world. The current wars in the Middle East, however, are not the fault of the West. Obviously, the Obama administration and European governments must do more to stop the bloodbath in the Muslim world, but to say that the wars in the region are the product of Western intervention or some other Western  plots  just shows how clueless and ignorant the people who make such claims are about the history of Islam. Islamic scriptures call on Muslims to wage war on other religions to bring them under submission to Islam. Muhammad, the founder of Islam, said that he was  ordered by Allah to fight men until they testify that there is no god but Allah and that Muhammad is his messenger. Finding room for the biggest wave of refugees since World War II has become a sort of holier-than-thou count game for politically correct western leaders. We re taking in 10,000 more today .  How many have you taken in?  are now prolific claims on the Internet.Even the pope, who all but ignores the plight of Christians at the hands of Islam, but has called on all dioceses to make room under their roof for Syrian refugees, is in on the act.Making full-bore use of the heart-rending picture of little Alan Kurdi even though the circumstances of his death have been since proven fallacious the mainstream media keeps up with the pretense that the Syrian refugees are poor people fleeing the four-and-a-half-year-old Syrian civil war for their very lives.This is the same media that fails to report that terrorists are hiding among the refugees and that the inflow is mostly able-bodied men with few women and children in their midst.Meanwhile, the Islamic terrorists have strategized a way to take over Europe, with a foolproof strategy handed to them by Barack Hussein Obama.If the Muslim invasion of the West has just started to get your attention, this video will catch you up on how Europe is being transformed into an Islamic caliphate right before your eyes  Keep in mind that all these scenes took place BEFORE the recent surge of millions of illegal alien Muslim invaders flooding Europe, the majority of whom are freeloaders looking for welfare, and a significant minority who are rapists and potential terrorists.  Show this to all your bleeding heart liberal friends:One Hour Compilation of how Islam is Ruining Europe and America
PORT-AU-PRINCE (Reuters) - Haitian authorities said on Tuesday a former prime minister and top official have been banned from leaving the country as prosecutors lead a corruption probe in which 12 people, including government officials, have been arrested.      Former Prime Minister Jean-Max Bellerive, who served from 2009 to 2011, and former justice minister Camille Edouard Jr., who served in 2016, cannot travel abroad while an investigation proceeds into corruption-related charges, Haiti s prosecutor Clame-Ocnam Dameus said.  Bellerive, who was premier during a catastrophic earthquake, was ordered to remain within Haiti by a judge who is investigating the 2009 disappearance of a public procurement official and the 2012 death of a construction manager allegedly connected to the case.  Bellerive denied any connection to either incident, or to other acts of corruption.   I believe all this is part of a political lynching,  he told Reuters.  No one can show me where I ve enriched myself or acquired unjustified properties.  Corruption has plagued Haiti for generations and President Jovenel Moise has pledged to fight it as a way to improve the impoverished Caribbean country s social and economic development. Dameus said Edouard could potentially face charges of money laundering as well as misappropriation of public funds and properties.  Edouard did not respond to a request for comment.  The dozen others arrested between November and December, a group comprised mostly of government officials, face corruption charges that include the misappropriation of public funds, Dameus said. 
SINGAPORE (Reuters) - Singapore said on Thursday it has detained a Singaporean man and a woman for affiliations to radical Islamist groups under the country s tough security law that allows for detention without trial.  The man, 25 year-old Abu Thalha bin Samad, is a member of the Southeast Asian Islamist group, Jemaah Islamiyah (JI), and was educated and trained in JI-linked schools in the region, the Ministry of Home Affairs said in a statement.   The Singapore government worked with  a regional government  to deport him back to Singapore for his arrest, the ministry said, but it did not disclose from which country.   He was duty-bound to carry out whatever instructions the JI leaders had for him, including performing armed jihad and sacrificing his life for the JI s violent cause,  the ministry said.  The woman detained is Islamic State supporter Munavar Baig Amina Begam. The 38-year-old Singaporean housewife is originally from India and the second woman in Singapore to be detained under the Internal Security Act.  She is an ISIS (Islamic State in Iraq and Syria) supporter and harbored the intention to make her way to the conflict zone to join ISIS,  the ministry said in the statement.   To influence others to support ISIS, Amina shared materials promoting terrorism on social media, which ... encouraged others to fight and die as martyrs,  it added. Neither of the two was available for comment.  Last week, Singapore banned two popular foreign Muslim preachers from entering the city-state because, it said, their views bred intolerance and were a risk to social harmony. As concern grows about the spread of militancy, there has been a significant rise in the number of detentions under the country s security law. At least 14 radicalized Singaporeans have been put under restriction or detention orders under the ISA since 2015, up sharply from 11 cases between 2007 and 2014, according to data from the ministry. Diverse, affluent Singapore is majority ethnic Chinese with sizeable minority ethnic Malay and ethnic Indian communities, and numerous foreign workers from Asia and beyond. Singapore said late last year it had deported nearly 70 foreigners including five maids for suspected radicalism over the previous two years. Authorities in neighboring Indonesia, which has the world s largest Muslim population, said last year they had arrested six Indonesian suspects with links to Islamic State who were plotting attacks on Singapore. 
Proving that they really don t want anything to do with improving relations with local law enforcement. This hateful and divisive movement is about reparations and getting special privileges. The Oakland Police Department (OPD) extended an invitation to followers of the Black Lives Matter movement to participate in a barbecue to start a constructive dialogue between the two groups. However, the police were met with flat-out rejection by a spokesperson who referred to law enforcement as  pigs.   A BBQ is definitely not going to stop this blockade,  Karissa Lewis, a self-described  radical black farmer from East Oakland,  told local Fox affiliate KTVU.  And as a radical-black farmer from East Oakland, I eat pigs, I don t eat with them,  she said.According to KTVU, Lewis used the  mic-check call and response technique,  which was popularized at many of the Occupy protests, in order to rally support for her response from fellow protesters, who also rejected the offer. KTVU notes that  many of the activists, at least at this one protest, seemed to be in agreement with her about the offer.  Via: Breitbart News
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - In a last-ditch effort to revive a White House plan to protect up to 4 million immigrants from deportation, the Obama administration on Monday asked the U.S. Supreme Court to rehear a case on which the eight-member court was split 4-4 last month. The June 23 high court decision left in place a lower court ruling that blocked the plan, which has never been in effect. The court is currently one justice short following the death of Justice Antonin Scalia in February. In a filing, the Justice Department asked the court to take a second look at the case once it has a full complement of nine justices. It is unclear when that would be, as the Republican-controlled U.S. Senate has declined to act on Obama’s nominee, appeals court judge Merrick Garland. As such, even if the Supreme Court was to grant the request, it is unlikely to rule on the case until well after Obama leaves office in January. Acknowledging that the high court rarely rehears cases, Acting Solicitor General Ian Gershengorn said the immigration case is unique because the court could not in future take another case to resolve the issue if the plan is blocked. The high court “should be the final arbiter of these matters through a definitive ruling,” he wrote. Obama unveiled his plan in November 2014. It was quickly challenged in court by Republican-governed Texas and 25 other states that argued that Obama overstepped the powers granted to him by the U.S. Constitution by infringing upon the authority of Congress. “Because we are right on the law, we have prevailed at every stage in this case, and we are confident that we will continue to prevail,” said Marc Rylander, a spokesman for Texas Attorney General Ken Paxton.  As a result of the high court’s 4-4 split, a 2015 lower-court ruling invalidating Obama’s plan was left in place. The plan never was implemented because the lower courts had blocked it. The plan was tailored to let roughly 4 million people - those who have lived illegally in the United States at least since 2010, have no criminal record and have children who are U.S. citizens or lawful permanent residents - get into a program that shields them from deportation and supplies work permits. Obama took the action after Republicans in the U.S. House of Representatives killed bipartisan immigration legislation that was passed by the Senate in 2013. 
So Trump is going to visit a black church in Detroit this weekend, but his campaign seems to be very uneasy about it. Why else would they script answers to the pre-selected questions that Bishop Wayne Jackson will ask him? Seriously. That s what they did. The New York Times obtained a copy, and it sounds nothing like Trump.It s not uncommon for campaigns to submit pre-written questions that they want a specific interviewer to ask. It is unusual, though, for a campaign to take this step, to say nothing of involving their party s national committee in the scripting process. Trump, lauded by the crazies on the right and his campaign staff as merely  freewheeling,  and  unscripted,  reverts into racism, sexism and childish personal attacks without scripts. Of course, that has the GOP terrified.The first question that Bishop Jackson will ask, according to The Times, is,  Are you a Christian and do you believe the Bible is an inspired word of God? Trump has always had trouble with questions like that, seeing as how he s really not very Christian. He can t name his favorite Bible verses and has fallen flat on his backside when asked about his faith and the Bible. His scriptwriters hope to gloss over all of that with the following answer (if, indeed, it can be called that): As I went through my life, things got busy with business, but my family kept me grounded to the truth and the word of God. His family? Which of his three wives does that answer refer to? It s like they re trying to make evangelicals forget that he thinks wives are disposable.Anyway.They also want him to say: I treasure my relationship with my family, and through them, I have a strong faith enriched by an ever-wonderful God. Har de har har.Another question is,  What he would say to undecided black voters? This answer is more Trumpian, and less Christian than the previous because it ends with a silly lie of a boast: If you want a strong partner in this journey, you will vote for me. I will never let you down. By the way, my support is now up to 8 percent and climbing. Let s be clear: Trump s favorability rating with the black community had reached the lofty dregs of zero less than a week ago. But, this is the GOP. When the truth, or even distorted versions of the truth, don t work, lie. Then get all righteously indignant when someone has the gall to point that lie out.They want him to give this half-answer when asked what his vision is for the black community: If we are to make America great again, we must reduce, rather than highlight, issues of race in this country,  and  I want to make race disappear as a factor in government and governance.' And they want him to avoid the word  racism  altogether, even though he s likely to be asked outright whether he s racist.Interestingly enough, that script isn t the only thing the campaign is doing to keep Trump from tripping over his own tarnished-silver tongue here. The interview will air on Bishop Jackson s television network a week after it takes place so the campaign has time to edit it.Yes, they want to be able to edit it. When Trump is reading prepared remarks, he either sounds lifeless and bored, or he goes off-script anyway. So they re prepping for that very strong possibility. They need this interview to reflect what the campaign wants, and not what Trump really thinks.In short, this is the GOP trying to spin Trump s racism into something grand and good. It s also nothing but a show   it s not a real attempt at outreach, and really, why should it be? The GOP is made up of racists who must cater to the racists. They re kin, after all.Featured image by Aaron P. Bernstein/Getty Images
 Those of us in the swamp knew who the alligators were in the swamp    former Justice Department official Victoria ToensingVictoria Toensing and her husband Joe diGenova are two well respected lawyers in DC. Because of their closeness to the intel community, Toensing has the inside scoop and held nothing back during an interview about whether Comey should have been fired:While the media and politicians from both parties look for deeper reasons for President Trump s firing of FBI Director James B. Comey, a former Justice Department official says the decision was long overdue and needed for obvious reasons. It just came too late, 109 days too late. Those of us in the swamp knew who the alligators were in the swamp and we all tried to warn the White House, and they didn t listen to us,  said Toensing, who also served as a federal prosecutor.And why did they implore President Trump to fire him? Comey was a narcissist,  she said.  It was all about Comey, and he delighted in wanting to bring down powerful people if they were Republicans. On Tuesday, the Trump administration released its rationale for the Comey firing, focusing on his public announcement that no charges should be filed against Hillary Clinton in the wake of the FBI probe into her use of a private, unsecured server through which she sent and received classified information while she served as secretary of state.Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein accused Comey of usurping the authority of the attorney general in making such a pronouncement and for exposing Clinton s misdeeds when he was effectively closing the investigation.But Toensing said Comey made far more mistakes, starting with his repeated misstating of the statute in question. Comey insisted that intent to break the law was required to bring charges, while gross negligence is the standard laid out in federal law. She also savaged Comey for refusing to impanel a grand jury to probe Clinton and for allowing the same attorney to represent multiple witnesses in the case. That s called a conflict of interest, because that lawyer can get all of her clients together and they can all read from the same music,  she explained.  You never do that. Toensing is also dismissing the intense reaction from Democrats, who she said are now appalled after calling for Comey s head for months. She said the idea that Trump fired Comey because of the ongoing Russia investigation is ridiculous, and so are any comparisons to Richard Nixon s  Saturday Night Massacre. In Watergate, there was a crime. There was a burglary. There was a break-in. What s the crime here? What s the crime? Do we have a crime? No, there s no crime,  said Toensing, noting that Russian involvement in U.S. elections is nothing new. Read more: wnd
Throughout the election, Donald Trump s tax returns have remained a mystery. He said he d release them if he won, but so far, crickets. It s not a giant leap to imagine that Trump has something either incriminating or simply something bad in his taxes. Would Trump have run for president if he knew a little known law that makes every single presidential tax return go through an automatic audit?The last time we had a known tax evader in office was during the Richard Nixon administration. His Vice President, Spiro Agnew, was forced to resign in 1973 after pleading guilty to tax evasion. Nixon himself was twice audited by the IRS. In 1974, he had to pay $465,000 worth of back taxes for a three year period.After that, Nixon made all his tax returns public. Since then, all but Gerald Ford, and now Trump, have. The IRS even passed a law requiring that all sitting presidents and vice presidents are audited every year. The requirement for mandatory audits of the tax returns of the president and vice president dates back to the Watergate era in the 1970s,  the IRS said in a statement to McClatchy, noting that non-partisan career employees adopted the requirement.  Since then, this provision has remained in place during both Republican and Democratic administrations as well as under IRS Commissioners appointed by both parties. Source: McClatchyBefore you get too excited, the law also specifically outlines how the President s and Vice President s taxes are handled: in special orange folders, in a secure area and with confidentiality. In other words, if Trump isn t breaking laws, we still won t be able to see his tax returns.There is a chance that Trump could get the law overturned: I don t believe there is anything that would prevent the president from   instructing that this precautionary measure of the IRS audits be rescinded,  said Norman Eisen, who as special counsel to the Obama White House during the first term put in place new ethics guidelines.  He could theoretically do it. Trump could even go beyond having that law overturned. Many Republicans want to abolish the IRS altogether, which is a stupid idea, one which would surely bankrupt the country, but Donald Trump has shown himself to be thin-skinned and completely self-interested. If he has a beef with the IRS, the Republican Congress could be sympathetic.Featured image via Drew Angerer/Getty Images
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. House of Representatives on Thursday approved an $81 billion bill to help widespread recovery efforts from hurricanes and wildfires this year. By a vote of 251-169, the House passed the measure to help Puerto Rico, the U.S. Virgin Islands and states rebuild following the natural disasters. The bill now goes to the Senate where it is expected to be approved this week. 
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A U.S. District Court judge ruled on Monday that President Donald Trump’s administration must allow access to abortion for two pregnant teenagers who are in the country illegally, escalating a high-profile legal fight. Judge Tanya Chutkan put her order on hold, however, to give the U.S. Justice Department time to appeal her ruling.  The Justice Department filed its notice of appeal shortly afterward to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit. The judge’s temporary restraining order marked the latest chapter in a legal dispute with the Trump administration over whether minors who are illegal immigrants have the right to seek an abortion during their detention. The issue was ignited by a 17-year-old who petitioned the court in October to have an abortion, and ultimately had the procedure over the Trump administration’s objections.  In that instance, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit ruled on Oct. 24 that the teen could have an abortion immediately, rejecting the administration’s opposition. The two 17-year-olds in the latest legal action, known to the court as Jane Roe and Jane Poe, requested abortions, but the U.S. Office of Refugee Resettlement has refused to allow them access to the procedure. In her ruling, Chutkan wrote that the girls’  “constitutional right to decide whether to carry their pregnancies to term” needed to be preserved.  She also noted they were likely to succeed on the legal merits of their case, based on the prior ruling in the higher court. “We are deeply disappointed in the decision to grant a temporary restraining order that will compel HHS to facilitate abortions for minors when they are not medically necessary,” a spokesman for the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services said in a statement. “A pregnant minor who has entered the country illegally has the option to voluntarily depart to her home country or identify a suitable sponsor. HHS-funded facilities that provide temporary shelter and care for unaccompanied alien minors should not become way stations for these children to get taxpayer-facilitated abortions.”  
This is hysterical! I could add a few ways to use her book:  
MADRID (Reuters) - The Spanish government could again revise down the country s 2018 economic growth forecast due to the political crisis in Catalonia, Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy said on Thursday.  It is affecting tourism, it is affecting some entities and it is affecting trade. We have seen some worrying figures. And it could be that next year effectively this will lead to a cut to growth,  Rajoy told reporters in the city of Salamanca. The government already revised down 2018 growth from 2.6 percent to 2.3 percent last month.  Rajoy said he would respect the decision of the Spanish Supreme Court which on Thursday is hearing sedition allegations from state prosecutors against the Catalan parliament speaker and five other Catalan lawmakers. 
Daniel Greenfield s take on why Obama spied on Trump is the best yet. He takes you through the twists and turns to expose Obama and his cronies for the liars and cheats they are. We d love to know what you think about this take on why things happened the way they did:Last week, CNN revealed (and excused) one phase of the Obama spying operation on Trump. After lying about it on MSNBC, Susan Rice admitted unmasking the identities of Trump officials to Congress.ACKNOWLEDGED IN A LETTER FROM NUNES AND GOWDY:Rice was unmasking the names of Trump officials a month before leaving office. The targets may have included her own successor, General Flynn, who was forced out of office using leaked surveillance.SUSAN RICE LYING ABOUT THE UNMASKING   IS ANYONE SURPRISED? I know nothing about this. I was surprised to see reports from Chairman Nunes on that count today. What she says is a lie but who is surprised by this? We know that Susan Rice lied 5 times on 5 different morning shows the morning after Benghazi. Why wouldn t she try and cover this spying up to protect herself and others including Obama.Susan Rice is also giving conflicting stories on what she did so it might be a good idea for her to lawyer up right now. She claimed ignorance of the unmasking and spying but today she spoke about doing it. Yes, red flags are everywhere on this! The reality and truth is this was more of a political attack to destabilize the Trump presidency and embarrass him:Andrew McCarthy said it best: The national-security adviser is not an investigator. She is a White House staffer. The president s staff is a consumer of intelligence, not a generator or collector of it. If Susan Rice was unmasking Americans, it was not to fulfill an intelligence need based on American interests; it was to fulfill a political desire based on Democratic-party interests. GREENFIELD:  LAWS WERE BROKEN The bottom line is that laws were broken when the names were unmasked Someone s in BIG trouble! While Rice s targets weren t named, the CNN story listed a meeting with Flynn, Bannon and Kushner.Bannon was Trump s former campaign chief executive and a senior adviser. Kushner is a senior adviser. Those are exactly the people you spy on to get an insight into what your political opponents plan to do.Now the latest CNN spin piece informs us that secret FISA orders were used to spy on the conversations of Trump s former campaign chairman, Paul Manafort (SEE CLAPPER VIDEO BELOW). The surveillance was discontinued for lack of evidence and then renewed under a new warrant. This is part of a pattern of FISA abuses by Obama Inc. which never allowed minor matters like lack of evidence to dissuade them from new FISA requests. Its possible  President Trump s voice was picked up in a wiretap of Paul Manafort, says former spy chief Clapper https://t.co/2ELM48axAa  CNN (@CNN) September 21, 2017Desperate Obama cronies had figured out that they could bypass many of the limitations on the conventional investigations of their political opponents by  laundering  them through national security.If any of Trump s people were talking to non-Americans, the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act (FISA) could be used to spy on them. And then the redacted names of the Americans could be unmasked by Susan Rice, Samantha Power and other Obama allies. It was a technically legal Watergate.If both CNN stories hold up, then Obama Inc. had spied on two Trump campaign leaders.Furthermore the Obama espionage operation closely tracked Trump s political progress. The first FISA request targeting Trump happened the month after he received the GOP nomination. The second one came through in October: the traditional month of political surprises meant to upend an election.The spying ramped up after Trump s win when the results could no longer be used to engineer a Hillary victory, but would instead have to be used to cripple and bring down President Trump. Headed out the door, Rice was still unmasking the names of Trump s people while Obama was making it easier to pass around raw eavesdropped data to other agencies.Obama had switched from spying on a political opponent to win an election, to spying on his successor to undo the results of the election.RICE AND POWER WERE USED TO  UNMASK  TRUMP ASSOCIATES    ALL THE PRESIDENT S WOMEN? Notice how uncomfortable Brennan is when asked about the Ambassador Power:Abuse of power by a sitting government had become subversion of the government by an outgoing administration. Domestic spying on opponents had become a coup.The Democrat scandals of the past few administrations have hinged on gross violations of political norms, elementary ethics and the rule of law that, out of context, were not technically illegal.But it s the pattern that makes the crime. It s the context that shows the motive.Obama Inc. compartmentalized its espionage operation in individual acts of surveillance and unmasking, and general policies implemented to aid both, that may have been individually legal, in the purely technical sense, in order to commit the major crime of eavesdropping on the political opposition.When the individual acts of surveillance are described as legal, that s irrelevant. It s the collective pattern of surveillance of the political opposition that exposes the criminal motive for them.If Obama spied on two of Trump s campaign leaders, that s not a coincidence. It s a pattern.A criminal motive can be spotted by a consistent pattern of actions disguised by different pretexts. A dirty cop may lose two pieces of evidence from the same defendant while giving two different excuses. A shady accountant may explain two otherwise identical losses in two different ways. Both excuses are technically plausible. But it s the pattern that makes the crime.Manafort was spied on under the Russia pretext. Bannon may have been spied on over the UAE. That s two different countries, two different people and two different pretexts.But one single target. President Trump.It s the pattern that exposes the motive.When we learn the whole truth (if we ever do), we will likely discover that Obama Inc. assembled a motley collection of different technically legal pretexts to spy on Trump s team.Each individual pretext might be technically defensible. But together they add up to the crime of the century.Obama s gamble was that the illegal surveillance would justify itself. If you spy on a bunch of people long enough, especially people in politics and business, some sort of illegality, actual or technical, is bound to turn up. That s the same gamble anyone engaged in illegal surveillance makes.Businessmen illegally tape conversations with former partners hoping that they ll say something damning enough to justify the risk. That was what Obama and his allies were doing with Trump.It s a crime. And you can t justify committing a crime by discovering a crime.If everyone were being spied on all the time, many crimes could be exposed every second. But that s not how our system works. That s why we have a Fourth Amendment.Nor was Obama Inc. trying to expose crimes for their own sake, but to bring down the opposition.That s why it doesn t matter what results the Obama surveillance turned up. The surveillance was a crime. Anything turned up by it is the fruit of a poisonous tree. It s inherently illegitimate.The first and foremost agenda must be to assemble a list of Trump officials who were spied on and the pretexts under which they were spied upon. The pattern will show the crime. And that s what Obama and his allies are terrified of. It s why Flynn was forced out using illegal surveillance and leaks. It s why McMaster is protecting Susan Rice and the Obama holdovers while purging Trump loyalists at the NSC.The left s gamble was that the Mueller investigation or some other illegitimate spawn of the Obama eavesdropping would produce an indictment and then the procedural questions wouldn t matter.It s the dirty cop using illegal eavesdropping to generate leads for a  clean  case against his target while betting that no one will look too closely or care how the case was generated. If one of the Mueller targets is intimidated into making a deal, the question of how the case was generated won t matter.Mueller will have a cooperative witness. And the Democrats can begin their coup in earnest. It will eventually turn out that there is no  there  there. But by then, it ll be time for President Booker.There s just one problem.If the gamble fails, if no criminal case that amounts to anything more than the usual investigational gimmick charges like perjury (the Federal equivalent of  resisting arrest  for a beat cop) develops, then Obama and his allies are on the hook for the domestic surveillance of their political opponents.With nothing to show for it and no way to distract from it.That s the race against the clock that is happening right now. Either the investigation gets results. Or its perpetrators are left hanging in the wind. If McMaster is fired, which on purely statistical grounds he probably will be, and a Trump loyalist who wasn t targeted by the surveillance operation becomes the next National Security Adviser and brings in Trump loyalists, as Flynn tried to do, then it s over.And the Dems finally get their Watergate. Except the star won t be Trump, it will be Obama. Rice, Power, Lynch and the rest of the gang will be the new Haldeman, Ehrlichman and Mitchell.Once Obama and his allies launched their domestic surveillance operation, they crossed the Rubicon. And there was no way back. They had to destroy President Trump or risk going to jail.The more crimes they committed by spying on the opposition, the more urgently they needed to bring down Trump. The consequences of each crime that they had committed spurred them on to commit worse crimes to save themselves from going to jail. It s the same old story when it comes to criminals.Each act of illegal surveillance became more blatant. And when illegal surveillance couldn t stop Trump s victory, they had to double down on the illegal surveillance for a coup.The more Obama spied on Trump, the more he had to keep doing it. This time it was bound to pay off.Obama and his allies had violated the norms so often for their policy goals that they couldn t afford to be replaced by anyone but one of their own. The more Obama relied on the imperial presidency of executive orders, the less he could afford to be replaced by anyone who would undo them. The more his staffers lied and broke the law on everything from the government shutdown to the Iran nuke sellout, the more desperately they needed to pull out all the stops to keep Trump out of office. And the more they did it, the more they couldn t afford not to do it. Abuse of power locks you into the loop familiar to all dictators. You can t stop riding the tiger. Once you start, you can t afford to stop.If you want to understand why Samantha Power was unmasking names, that s why. The hysterical obsession with destroying Trump comes from the top down. It s not just ideology. It s wealthy and powerful men and women who ran the country and are terrified that their crimes will be exposed.It s why the media increasingly sounds like the propaganda organs of a Communist country. Why there are street riots and why the internet is being censored by Google and Facebook s  fact checking  allies.It s not just ideology. It s raw fear.The left is sitting on the biggest crime committed by a sitting president. The only way to cover it up is to destroy his Republican successor.A turning point in history is here.If Obama goes down, the left will go down with him. If his coup succeeds, then America ends.Read more from Daniel Greenfield
SEOUL (Reuters) - The billionaire head of South Korea s Samsung Group, Jay Y. Lee, was sentenced to five years in jail for bribery on Friday in a watershed for the country s decades-long economic order dominated by powerful, family-run conglomerates. After a six-month trial over a scandal that brought down the then president, Park Geun-hye, a court ruled that Lee had paid bribes in anticipation of favours from Park. The court also found Lee guilty of hiding assets abroad, embezzlement and perjury. Lee, the 49-year-old heir to one of the world s biggest corporate empires, has been held since February on charges that he bribed Park to help secure control of a conglomerate that owns Samsung Electronics, the world s leading smartphone and chip maker, and has interests ranging from drugs and home appliances to insurance and hotels.  Lee, who emerged stony-faced from the Seoul courtroom in a dark suit, but without a tie, and holding a document envelope, was escorted by justice ministry officials back to his detention centre.   This case is a matter of Lee Jae-yong and Samsung Group executives, who had been steadily preparing for Lee s succession ... bribing the president,  Seoul Central District Court Judge Kim Jin-dong said, using Lee s Korean name. Kim said that as the group s heir apparent, Lee  stood to benefit the most  from any political favours for Samsung. Lee denied wrongdoing, and one of his lawyers, Song Wu-cheol, said he would appeal.  The entire guilty verdict is unacceptable,  Song said, adding he was confident his client s innocence would be affirmed by a higher court. The case is expected to be appealed all the way up to the Supreme Court, likely next year.   The five year-sentence - one of the longest given to a South Korean business leader - is a landmark for South Korea, where the family-run conglomerates - or chaebols - have long been revered for helping transform the once war-ravaged country into a global economic powerhouse. But they have more recently been criticized for holding back the economy and stifling small businesses and start-ups. Samsung, a symbol of the country s rise from poverty following the 1950-53 Korean War, has come to epitomize the cosy and sometimes corrupt ties between politicians and the chaebols.  The ruling is a turning point for chaebols,  said Chang Sea-jin, a business professor at Korea Advanced Institute of Science and Technology.  In the past, chaebols weren t afraid of laws because they were lenient. Now, Lee s ruling sets a precedent for strict enforcement of laws, and chaebols should be wary.  Under South Korean law, sentences of more than three years cannot be suspended. The third-generation de facto head of the powerful Samsung Group, Lee has effectively directed operations since his father, Lee Kun-hee, was incapacitated by a heart attack in 2014.    Some investors worry a prolonged leadership vacuum could slow decision-making at the group, which has more than five dozen affiliate companies and assets of 363.2 trillion won ($322.13 billion). Its listed companies make up about 30 percent of the market value of South Korea s KOSPI stock index. Many tycoons, including Lee s father, were convicted of crimes in the past, ranging from bribery, embezzlement and tax evasion, only to get presidential pardons, as both the government and the public feared going too hard on them would hurt the economy. But South Korea s new liberal president, Moon Jae-in, who won a May election, has pledged to rein in the chaebols, empower minority shareholders and end the practice of pardoning tycoons convicted of white-collar crime. The presidential Blue House said in a statement that it hopes the ruling will serve as an opportunity to  end the nexus of business and politics that has held back the country.  In a June interview with Reuters, Moon said he did not believe Samsung s operations depended just on Lee.   When Lee was taken into custody, the share prices of Samsung went up,  Moon said.  If we were to succeed in reforming the running of the chaebols and also increasing transparency, I believe this will not only help the economic power of Korea but also help to make the chaebols themselves more competitive.  Investors say shares in chaebol companies trade at lower prices than they would otherwise because of their opaque corporate governance - the so-called Korea Discount. Shares of Samsung Electronics dropped more than 1 percent, and other group companies, including Samsung C&T and Samsung SDS, also turned lower after the verdict. The court said Samsung s financial support of entities backed by a friend of Park s, Choi Soon-sil, constituted bribery, including 7.2 billion won ($6.4 million) in sponsoring the equestrian career of Choi s daughter. In return, prosecutors say, Samsung sought government support for the 2015 merger of two of its affiliates, which helped Lee tighten control of the conglomerate. His lawyers had argued that the merger was done for business reasons. Some criminal lawyers had expected Lee to be found innocent of the major charges, as much of the evidence at the trial has been circumstantial. The appeals court and the Supreme Court might put a greater emphasis on prosecutors to provide direct proof of quid pro quo, the lawyers said. Park, who was forced from office in March, faces her own corruption trial, with a ruling expected later this year. Prosecutors have argued that Park and Lee took part in the same act of bribery - so Lee s conviction would appear ominous  for the former president.  Hundreds of Park s diehard supporters who rallied outside the court on Friday reacted with outrage to the ruling.  Our ultimate goal is Park s acquittal and release,  Kim Won-joon, a 62-year-old former construction worker said.  We worry how today s guilty verdict for Lee would affect Park s ruling.  Such supporters are a minority compared with the huge crowds that turned out in Seoul every week to call for Park s ouster after the bribery scandal surfaced late last year. Public approval of Lee s prosecution may underscore growing frustration in Asia s fourth-largest economy that the wealth amassed by conglomerates has not trickled down.  I think it was difficult for a court to ignore public opinion, given that the scandal rocked the country,  said Chung Sun-sup, chief executive of research firm Chaebul.com.  The five-year sentence was low given that he was found guilty of all the charges. I think the court gave him a lighter sentence, taking into account Samsung s importance to the economy.   
Who could forget the  Obamaphone Lady  from Cleveland, OH, who unashamedly told an interviewer she was voting for Obama because all minorities in Cleveland get a free Obamaphone from Obama, and  He s gonna do more!  She actually woke up and admitted that she, and other minorities had been played by Obama in a follow-up video at the bottom of the page.The controversial  Obamaphone  program, which pays for cellphones for the poor, is rife with fraud, according to a new government report released Thursday that found more than a third of enrollees may not even be qualified.Known officially as the Lifeline Program, the phone giveaway became a symbol of government waste in the previous administration. Now a new report from the Government Accountability Office bears out those concerns.The report, requested by Sen. Claire McCaskill, Missouri Democrat, also says the program has stashed some $9 billion in assets in private bank accounts rather than with the federal treasury, further increasing risks and depriving taxpayers of the full benefit of that money. A complete lack of oversight is causing this program to fail the American taxpayer   everything that could go wrong is going wrong,  said Mrs. McCaskill, ranking Democrat on the Senate s chief oversight committee and who is a former state auditor in Missouri. We re currently letting phone companies cash a government check every month with little more than the honor system to hold them accountable, and that simply can t continue,  she said. The program, run by the Federal Communications Commission, predates President Obama, but it gained attention during his administration when recipients began to associate the free phone with other benefits he doled out to the poor.   Washington TimesThe Daily Caller reported:A massive portion of Obamaphone recipients are receiving the benefit after lying on their applications, according to a new 90-page report from the Government Accountability Office (GAO).An undercover sting operation showed ineligible applications were approved 63 percent of the time, and a review that found that 36 to 65 percent of beneficiaries in various categories had lied in easily-detectable ways but were approved anyway.The fraud reached unheard-of proportions because the Federal Communications Commission let the task of screening for eligibility fall to phone companies that profit off of enrolling as many people as possible.GAO undercover investigators applied for free government phones 19 times using criteria that should have been rejected, and  we were approved to receive Lifeline services by 12 of the 19 Lifeline providers using fictitious eligibility documentation. All someone has to do to apply for free cell phone service is say that they are on another welfare program, such as food stamps or disability, known as SSI.When Congress considered reforms, phone companies took out daily full-page ads in publications read by Capitol Hill staffers. The wife of the CEO of TracFone, the largest beneficiary of Obamaphones, was a mega-fundraiser for former President Barack Obama.The cause of the fraud rates, shocking even by federal government standards, was always clear: The FCC allowed companies with a profit motive to sign up as many people as possible to determine eligibility.Phone companies swooped into housing projects in vans with neon flashing lights to register users. A woman approached by one such representative outside of a welfare office told The Daily Caller News Foundation Investigative Group the man encouraged her to enroll her two-year-old.The companies weren t checking eligibility, and the FCC wasn t ensuring they did or punishing those who didn t. Additionally, the FCC failed to provide many companies with the intra-government databases that would give them the ability to perform some checks, the GAO found.The Obamaphone Lady aka Michelle Dowry made an appearance on Alex Jones  show where she admitted to finally waking up, as she discovered that Barack Obama s presidency was a giant hoax. The only thing that Michele and the rest of the the minority community Obama promised to help got during his 8 years in office was a tax-payer funded  free  phone:
Stealing Jobs From Minorities To Satisfy White Environmentalists Is The Worst Kind Of Racism It s always about the money for Hillary. A University of Michigan survey in May found that leaders of environmental groups are overwhelmingly white males, with ethnic minorities occupying fewer than 12% of leadership positions.The environmental groups that are calling for sweeping changes to the economy   moving away from oil and coal to carbon-free sources of energy   seem incapable of making a transition themselves. These almost exclusively white groups are helping to fund Hillary s campaign while stealing the livelihood of hard-working black American coal miners and Blacks in the communities who s livelihood depends on the coal industry.Take a look at the top executives at eight of the top 10 groups devoted to fighting that fight:Sierra Club? White male.Nature Conservancy? White male.League of Conservation Voters? White male.AdvertisementWorld Wildlife Fund? White male.Environmental Defense Fund? White male.Friends of the Earth? White male.National Audubon Society? White male.Nature Conservancy? White male.Yet, Hillary persists in her desire to shut down the coal industry that has given minorities a way to live a middle to upper middle-class lifestyle, as a way to satisfy her white donors and activists.Watch here as coal miner confronts Hillary on her promise to shut down coal industry:https://youtu.be/-aiHD7AcfbsCoal was booming, and work was plentiful. By the 1930s, the industry employed 400,000 miners, 55,000 of whom were black. African Americans were restricted to more physically demanding positions requiring less skill, earning 30 percent less than whites. But their wages were still high by national standards: $118.30 per month, according to one 1929 survey. By contrast, a national study in 1939 later found that black men earned an average income of $460 per year.By the 1950s, African Americans made up 24 percent of McDowell s population, compared with 6 percent statewide. Locals came to refer to the area as  the Free State of McDowell.  Black doctors, lawyers and entrepreneurs also flocked to the county, drawn to the promise of a better life. Even in the Jim Crow era, unions in the area were integrated, blacks in West Virginia enjoyed voting rights, and local political leadership included many people of color. Everybody had money,  says Clif Moore, a current state delegate for McDowell who was born in the county in 1949.  It was sort of like little New York. Like a little Manhattan. Everything was popping. But at mid-century, as machines began to take over the tasks of drilling and blasting coal and hauling it above ground, black miners were the first to lose their jobs. What had once been an all but certain gateway to the middle class began to close. African Americans fled the industry at even higher rates than whites; by 1960, the share of black workers in coal shrank to 6.6 from 12 percent a decade earlier. In 2014, the most recent year for which Bureau of Labor Statistics data are available, only about 2,500 blacks worked as coal miners, less than 3 percent of the total.Coal has seen booms and busts before, but for locals, this time feels different. Production in Appalachia fell last year by 13 percent (and 10 percent nationwide) as tougher environmental regulations and cheaper natural gas choked off demand for the highly polluting fossil fuel. Last month, the Obama administration announced a moratorium on new coal leases on public lands. Many of the area s mines have closed. Shops are often empty; drug use is rampant. McDowell is now West Virginia s poorest county.Still, families who ve lived here for generations say they re reluctant to leave. They praise the region s physical beauty, close-knit family life and friendly Southern manners.  It s a different kind of black folk here.   They dress differently, they talk differently, they carry themselves differently. They have a little arrogance about them,  says Moore with a grin.Wade, like others here, harbors particular resentment for the Obama administration.  He hasn t done anything for us,  says the 88-year-old, leaning back on a couch in his living room overlooking the mountains.  If he were running again, I just couldn t vote for him. And I ve been a Democrat my whole life. When Wade first started in the mines, Franklin D. Roosevelt was president. It was a dangerous gig, but Wade didn t worry much about safety, even after his brother nearly died in a motor accident underground and his father lost an eye in a roof collapse. Wade says he didn t witness much discrimination, either.  I had some of the nicest white friends that you would ever want to meet. He got involved in the mine s union, serving as president, and later took a job with the United Mine Workers of America. From 2005 to 2011, after his retirement, he also served as mayor of Keystone. But while he cared about local politics, his heart was in the mines. Even today, Wade drives the 30 minutes to the union offices once a week just to say hello.For Jeremy McMillian, 25, working in the mines was difficult at first. He was one of just 13 black employees among roughly 400 at the Pinnacle Mine in Pineville, West Virginia, he says. Occasionally, people directed racial slurs his way, but more often, they simply ignored him.  People not talking to you, just walking by you like you re invisible,  says McMillian.  It s been days I wanted to snap, go crazy. They ll push your buttons. But over five years of running a coal buggy in and out of the mine, he gradually grew close to some colleagues.  I can t blame them. Their parents taught them that. McMillian never thought he d be a coal miner. His father was a cop, and his stepdad, who raised him, owned a roofing business. No one in high school had ambitions to work in the mines unless their fathers did, so McMillian never expected to end up there. In fact, he was afraid of the mines. He d heard of coal workers  pneumoconiosis, more commonly known as black lung. (A recent report found that after near eradication 15 years ago, black lung has resurged as coal miners work longer hours, often in dirtier conditions.) And he didn t think it was a profession welcome to black people. So after high school, he found a job as a mechanic.But when a father of a friend, a white man who d worked in the mines for 32 years, told him he could earn six figures as a coal miner, McMillian signed on. His health concerns haven t evaporated, though. You can make $100,00 a year,  he says.  They pay you that much because it s a dangerous job.  Each time a shift of workers prepares to go underground, he says, they pray together.  All I can do and pray [is that] it ain t my last day in the mines. His wife, a cheerleading coach at the local high school, is ready for him to quit. But there aren t many other jobs available. He has two children to provide for   a 7-year-old daughter and 7-month-old girl. He s studying for his roofing license so he can take over his stepfather s business one day. But he plans to keep working in coal as long as it s viable.That may not be long. In October, his employer, Cliffs Natural Resources, announced it was laying off more than 200 people   roughly half its staff   at the Pinnacle Mine. McMillian kept his job, but his overtime hours were capped, costing him about $2,300 a month, he says. He was relieved, though, to still have a job.McMillian says he s frustrated that so many national politicians seem to be turning against coal.  We don t like Obama  cause he don t like us,  he says. Instead, he may vote for Donald Trump:  He talk a good game,  McMillian says.  We ll see if he stick to it. I mean, who wouldn t want to pay less taxes?  He says he pays up to $2,400 a month in state and federal taxes on his monthly salary, which ranges from $4,000 to $4,500, depending on his hours.Two days before New Year s, McMillian was laid off. But as he was making plans to start a job as a truck driver hauling cars and heavy equipment cross-country, he was called back to the mines. He s happy to be back at work, for now. But he imagines he ll soon have to give up coal for trucking.With her long, black dreadlocks; warm smile; and Trinidadian accent, Janice Martin, 62, doesn t look or sound like a typical coal miner. She arrived in McDowell County in the late 1970s when her then-husband returned to his home state to find work in the lucrative coal industry.Following her mother s counsel, Martin searched for a job too. The mines seemed an obvious place to look. But she was shut out.  They said women were not allowed in the coal mines because they thought it was bad luck,  says Martin. But a few years later, after equal opportunity laws forced the mines to hire women, she tried again. This time she was successful and soon was one of the first five women hired at U.S. Steel Co. Mine Number 9 in Gary, West Virginia.At Mine 9, Martin was a mason. She laid blocks and built stoppings to aid air ventilation for $10 an hour, a good salary for a man or woman. She didn t mind the work, but the male-dominated culture could be demoralizing.  They cuss, and they make dirty jokes, and they make women jokes, and they make black jokes, and they make Polish jokes. I mean, that s how life is, and you have to get used to it.  But none of the jokes were personal, Martin says, and she never felt disrespected.Nearly 40 years later, she s still employed in the coal industry, as the only female (or African-American) mine inspector for the state of West Virginia, covering McDowell and a few other counties. She loves her work but believes even bigger job losses are about to hit.  These communities are dying   slowly,  she says.  People are moving out of these areas, and they aren t coming back. As she drives through McDowell in her beige GMC truck, the Trinidadian flag flying from the mirror, she points with sadness and frustration to the retail stores and government buildings that have shut down in recent years   cleaners, banks, grocery stories, a school. The industry s decline is also hitting her at home. Martin once hoped her 19-year-old daughter, Jazzlee, would work in the mines, but instead she s studying to be a welder.  I raised her that she was going to be in the mines, but the mines dropped drastically; there is no future in mining now. Via: Al Jazeera America
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump on Thursday vowed to free churches and other tax-exempt institutions of a 1954 U.S. law banning political activity, drawing fire from critics who accused him of rewarding his evangelical Christian supporters and turning houses of worship into political machines. As Trump used a prayer breakfast to take aim at a long-standing statutory barrier between politics and religion called the Johnson Amendment, civil liberties and gay rights groups expressed concern that he might consider an executive order to allow government agencies and businesses to deny services to gay people in the name of religious freedom. Trump did not reference such an order in his remarks. But he lambasted the Johnson Amendment, which prohibits tax-exempt organizations such as churches and other places of worship, charities and educational institutions from directly or indirectly participating in any political campaign in favor or against a political candidate.  “I will get rid of and totally destroy the Johnson Amendment and allow our representatives of faith to speak freely and without fear of retribution. I will do that, remember,” Trump told U.S. politicians, religious leaders and guests including Jordan’s King Abdullah at the annual National Prayer Breakfast. White House spokesman Sean Spicer told reporters Trump wanted to find ways to make sure people were not penalized for following through on their religious beliefs.  A draft executive order on “religious freedom” circulating among advocacy groups would allow government officials to deny marriage licenses to gay couples and let businesses withhold services from gay people, activists said.  The White House said it was not working on such an order. Trump previously spoke out against the Johnson amendment during the campaign and won the support of evangelical Christian leaders including Liberty University President Jerry Falwell Jr. A change in the law would require action in the Republican-led U.S. Congress, and Republican lawmakers introduced legislation that would reverse the policy. After Trump’s remarks, Republican House of Representatives Speaker Paul Ryan told reporters he has “always supported” eliminating the Johnson Amendment. Critics including the group Americans United for Separation of Church and State expressed alarm. “President Donald Trump and his allies in the religious right seek to turn America’s houses of worship into miniature political action committees,” said the group’s executive director, Barry Lynn. “It would also lead some houses of worship to focus on supporting candidates in exchange for financial and other aid. That would be a disaster for both churches and politics in America,” Lynn said. Peter Montgomery of the liberal advocacy group People For the American Way said Trump wants to pay back religious conservatives who helped get him elected “by letting them turn their churches into political machines with tax-exempt charitable dollars.” Scrapping the Johnson Amendment has been a goal of Christian conservatives, who contend it violates free speech and religious freedom rights. The U.S. Constitution’s First Amendment guarantees freedom of religion and bars the government from establishing an official religion. “We are encouraged to see that President Trump understands the very real constitutional violation posed by the Johnson Amendment and that he is committed to restoring a pastor’s right to speak freely from the pulpit without fearing government retribution,” said Erik Stanley, senior counsel for the conservative Christian legal group Alliance Defending Freedom. Trump used the opening moments of the usually solemn prayer breakfast to deride actor Arnold Schwarzenegger, his successor on a reality TV show, for his viewership ratings.  Trump said Schwarzenegger, the Republican former governor of California, had disastrous ratings on the NBC reality TV program “Celebrity Apprentice,” which Trump previously starred in. “They hired a big, big movie star, Arnold Schwarzenegger, to take my place. And we know how that turned out,” Trump said. “It’s been a total disaster. ... And I want to just pray for Arnold if we can, for those ratings, OK?” Schwarzenegger, who endorsed Ohio Governor John Kasich over Trump for the Republican presidential nomination, shot back, alluding to the controversies of Trump’s first two weeks in office. “Hey Donald, I have a great idea,” Schwarzenegger said in a video. “Why don’t we switch jobs? You take over TV, because you’re such an expert in ratings, and I take over your job. And then people can finally sleep comfortably again.” Spicer later called Trump’s remarks “light-hearted” and part of an “absolutely beautiful” speech. Trump a week ago put a 120-day halt on the U.S. refugee program, barred Syrian refugees indefinitely and imposed a 90-day suspension on people from seven predominantly Muslim countries: Iran, Iraq, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and Yemen. Trump defended his directive on Thursday as crucial to ensuring religious freedom and tolerance in America, and said he wanted to prevent a “beachhead of intolerance” from spreading in the United States. He also called terrorism a fundamental threat to religious freedom. “The world is in trouble, but we’re going to straighten it out. OK? That’s what I do. I fix things,” Trump said. “When you hear about the tough phone calls I’m having, don’t worry about it,” Trump added, apparently referring to telephone conversations including one with Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull. “It’s time we’re going to be a little tough folks. We’re taken advantage of by every nation in the world virtually. It’s not going to happen anymore,” Trump said. 
ISIOLO, Kenya (Reuters) - An expelled student shot dead six of his former schoolmates and a security guard at his school in northern Kenya on Saturday, and was then himself lynched by a furious mob, officials said. The attack took place at a school in the remote town of Lokichogio in Kenya s Turkana region, close to the border with war-torn South Sudan. At least six other students were flown to hospital with bullet wounds. The assailant was a 17-year-old from South Sudan - one of thousands of refugee children who have been living in Kenya and going to school there since civil war broke out in their country in 2013. He was detained in possession of an AK-47, the basic assault rifle of choice in conflicts across Africa and the Middle East.   The school was not attacked by bandits but an errant student on expulsion for disciplinary cases,  regional government official Wanyama Musyambohe told reporters. Security officials said the assailant, whose name has not been disclosed, had been arrested, but then killed by a mob while in police custody.  The attack ... is a painful reminder of the state of insecurity along the border,  tweeted Turkana county governor Josphat Nanok. Close to 2 million people have fled South Sudan since fighting broke out in December 2013, sparking what has become Africa s largest cross-border exodus since the 1994 Rwandan genocide. Some 75,000 of them are now in Kenya. Perennial conflicts have left the region awash with arms, which are smuggled across borders with relative ease. 
Two Florida Republican lawmakers voted against a $15 billion hurricane relief bill just as Irma churned toward the state. Congressmen Matt Gaetz (R-FL) and Ted Yoho (R-FL) claim they have concerns about other provisions of the measure. Irma is now a Category 3 storm with maximum sustained winds of 125 mph but forecasters expect the storm to strengthen. Presently, the Florida Keys is facing a potentially catastrophic force that could threaten to drown entire islands.But, it s obviously more important for Gaetz and Yoho to exercise their conservative bonafides.The relief package sailed through the Senate and the House and was signed by Donald Trump on Friday. The package boosts funding for the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA), a necessary move at this time following the destruction left by Hurricane Harvey and much more expected after Florida feels Irma s force and fury. Also, FEMA is running out of money so the funds are needed.The package will also raise the debt ceiling for three months and includes a short-term budget that would keep the government running until December. The deal struck between Trump and Democratic leaders Sen. Charles E. Schumer (N.Y.) and Rep. Nancy Pelosi (Calif.) sent Republicans into a panic while disregarding that lives are at stake after the deadly storm obliterated Houston, Texas.The Washington Post reports:That latter was a problem for GOP Reps. Matt Gaetz and Ted Yoho, who stuck to their principles of fiscal conservatism despite calls from fellow Florida lawmakers to support the bill. The two, who are among the 90 House Republicans who voted against the bill, do not represent parts of the state that are likely to feel Irma s immediate impact as the massive storm makes landfall on mainland United States this weekend. Snaking in a debt-ceiling increase with funding for victims and communities affected is immoral and reflective of broken leadership in Washington,  Yoho said after the vote Friday.  I do not think it wise to extend our borrowing limit without mandatory spending reforms . . . If this was a clean measure that focused on those affected by Hurricane Harvey, I would have proudly voted for it. Gaetz, whose district includes coastal areas along the Gulf of Mexico, said the debt limit should be raised only if it includes cuts in entitlement programs, which is really heartless since many victims of the Hurricanes will need a hand up after losing everything they owned in the world. I have a pretty strident view that I will only vote to raise the debt limit if that vote is accompanied by reductions in entitlement spending,  Gaetz said.  If conservatives don t start voting no against debt-limit increases, all the FEMA in the world won t save us from our most unfortunate destiny. U.S. Sen. Ted Cruz (R-Texas) was against federal aid for victims of Hurricane Sandy, then a natural disaster struck his state with deadly force. Suddenly, he s cool with aid being provided to his state. Funny how that works. But the other two Republicans just don t want to help anyone, even their own constituents.Photo: Andrew Harrer/Bloomberg via Getty Images.
An employee working at a North Carolina McDonald s was captured on camera telling a Hispanic customer on Saturday to spell  deportation.  The Charlotte woman said she went to a local McDonald s over the weekend when a woman who is identified as a manager at the store flipped her off, then kept repeating Donald Trump s name, then asked,  Can you say deportation? Can you say that? Can you spell deportation? Wendy Rios told Fox 46 that she filmed the confrontation because she had been treated unfairly there previously. I am the kind of person who thinks,  Treat the person the way you want to be treated,'  Rios said.Rios told WECT that the manager seemed angry when she went to pay at the drive-thru and was yelling at other employees inside the store, but when she asked about her food at the second window, the employee lashed out at her. I asked the employee if my order was ready and the manager asked him what I asked. He told her and she said,  Of course her [expletive] order is ready ,  Rios said.  Then I asked for ketchup and he handed me two packets of ketchup. I asked for more ketchup and the manager yelled at the employee,  What is she still doing here?'  Rios said.  He told her I was asking for more ketchup and she started yelling at me and saying bad words. Rios asked for the manager s name, and a male employee promptly wrote it down but she couldn t read it so she asked again.The manager wrote down her name in big letters on the receipt, Rios recalled, but refused to give her last name, so at that point, the customer pulled out her cell phone.The woman is seen on the video footage giving Rios her middle finger. Can you say, Donald Trump? Donald Trump. Donald Trump, Donald Trump, Donald Trump, Yes, Donald Trump, Donald Trump. Can you say Donald Trump?  the manager asked.  You holding up my line, lady. You can stay there all you want. Can you say deportation? Can you say that? Can you spell deportation?  the woman said.  What you need to do is you need to get the [expletive] on. That s what you need to do. Rios posted the video on Facebook and it went viral, garnering 5,000 shares. Rios said that she feels sorry for the woman. Maybe she wasn t thinking straight,  she said.  Maybe she was stressed or something. But I m stressed, sometimes I m really, really angry with something but I m never going to say something discriminating. Watch: McDonald s issued a statement to say the woman is no longer employed by the giant fast food chain. The actions of this employee are inexcusable and in no way reflect the strong values McDonald s and my organization place on diversity, inclusion and providing a welcoming experience for our customers. This individual is no longer employed at my restaurant and we have expressed our sincerest apologies to the customer for this situation.    George Forrest McDonald s Owner/Operator.Enjoy the unemployment line, Ms. Former Manager.Photo via Cate Gillon/Getty Images.
The Republican candidates continue to sink to newer lows on a daily basis. After Ted Cruz denigrated the people of New York by accusing Donald Trump of having  New York values,  Trump immediately saw an opportunity to score points. At Thursday s Republican debate, Trump condemned Cruz s statement by invoking the resolve of New Yorkers following the September 11th attacks. Sounds pretty good so far on Trump s part, right? That s until he milked the opportunity dry on Twitter by posting a picture of 9/11 to attack Cruz. However, some of the responses are not what Trump expected. Here is what he tweeted:Is this the New York that Ted Cruz is talking about & demeaning? pic.twitter.com/rYGX9vazku  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 16, 2016People clearly knew what Trump was up up to. Here are some responses:.@realDonaldTrump See? I'll use some tragedy to further MY goals. I have no shame. I want to win this bitch and will do whatever it takes!  Fake Donald Trump (@TheFakeTrump) January 16, 2016Yes, as Trump would say:  That s disgusting! @realDonaldTrump You forget that the attack was on the USA, not just NYC. AND you forget we came to help!~  Judy Stines (@jstines3) January 17, 2016Indeed, the attack was on the United States and it was the country as a whole that came together with the necessary resolve. The people that died that day weren t only New Yorkers, but people from around the country and around the world. This was an American tragedy that was resisted with American resolve. Tribalizing it for political gain is not only silly and low, but it clouds the true picture.@realDonaldTrump And stop pimping out the worst terrorist attack in US History because your poll numbers are dropping.  Jesse Kelly (@JesseKellyDC) January 16, 2016Donald Trump has shown a knack for being very adept at finding the right moments to attack his opponents. Thus far, he s made a mockery of other Republican candidates, especially Jeb Bush. The media and many in the public have found his antics both humorous and outrageous and have tolerated him and even rewarded him: he s been the most covered candidate by the media thus far.However, we should be very careful with this individual. There will come a time (and that time is coming very soon) when America will have to make an important choice about Donald Trump: Does America want a president who attacks minorities, has clear disdain for women, and uses the worst attack on US history for political gain against his opponent?Let s hope that Donald Trump and Ted Cruz and the rest of the Republican lineup continue to cancel each other out and show their true colors with their classless antics.Featured image via Gage Skidmore/Flickr
SOFIA (Reuters) - Three people were killed and one is missing after torrential rains lashed low-laying parts of Black Sea port city of Bourgas and flooded several surrounding villages in southeastern Bulgaria early on Wednesday, local authorities said. The strong rains cut electricity supplies to at least five villages, forced rivers to outburst their banks flooding dozens of homes and blocking roads in Kameno municipality where authorities have declared an emergency situation.        People in the village of Trastikovo, some 390 km (242  miles) east of Sofia, were evacuated after flooding waters broke a dyke. Weather forecasters say strong rains are expected to continue on Wednesday.   
Sean Spicer resigned today from his position in President Trump s administration. He tweeted out after his resignation a very gracious message of thanks:It s been an honor & a privilege to serve @POTUS @realDonaldTrump & this amazing country. I will continue my service through August  Sean Spicer (@PressSec) July 21, 2017It was speculated that it was a blow when the Trump administration announced yesterday that Anthony Scaramucci had joined the Trump administration as White House Communications Director.A few things   Scaramucci move is also a blow to Spicer, who has sought to have comms director report to him, as Dubke did. No chance here  Maggie Haberman (@maggieNYT) July 21, 2017NYDN reported: Spicer, who will stay on through August, told the President he vehemently disagreed with his choice for the top communications post, and his distaste was evident when reporters approached him about the appointment.ABC News White House Correspondent Johnathan Karl said the former press secretary  slammed the door in my face  when he questioned him on Scaramucci, chalking it up to  strange times. The press is using this move as a sign that the Trump administration is collapsing and in chaos:Chris Wallace:  There is a Game of Thrones quality to this @WhiteHouse; you do have various power centers that are colliding w/ each other.  pic.twitter.com/9mOlVRfxEP  Fox News (@FoxNews) July 21, 2017Chris Wallace speculated about the move with a somewhat negative view of how this will harm communications between Congress and the Trump administration He s clueless!After thanking Sean Spicer, Scaramucci made his first announcement as communications director that Sarah Huckabee Sanders will be the new press secretary:WH Communications Dir. Scaramucci:  Sean is a true American patriot  I love the guy and I wish him well  https://t.co/ZKxpKBPkEw  NBC News (@NBCNews) July 21, 2017Rush Limbaugh concluded his radio broadcast today by saying he thinks Scaramucci won t work in this position. After listening to the press conference, Limbaugh said it s clear that Scaramucci was appointed to make the press understand and  like  President Trump. Not gonna happen!
Contrary to what the media would like us to believe, Obama has not remained silent when it comes to policy that President Trump put in place by executive order. Neither he nor his Democratic henchmen remained silent when President Trump desperately tried to convince Congress to repeal and replace Obamacare, or when he had the opportunity to attack him over his handling of the Charlottesville controversy. The media celebrated Obama s post-Charlotseville tweet designed to make our former President look like he was in favor of uniting the nation (which we all know is a bald-faced lie), while falsely giving the impression that President Trump was choosing sides.Before the media gets into a full-blown tizzy about Obama using social media to bash our current president over DACA, they might consider that most of America aren t stupid enough to believe that Valerie Jarrett didn t move into Barack Obama s DC home because he needed a friend to play checkers with. He may not be making public statements to voice his opposition against our current president, but one thing we do know is that he and Valerie Jarrett aren t sitting on their hands, while President Trump unwinds everything they worked so hard to make happen, including DACA.Hotair   You know it s killing this guy not to be on camera every day scolding Trump in his usual  that s not who we are  terms but that would be a strategic disaster so obvious that silence is really the only option. A  Trump vs. Obama  fight over almost any issue would unify most of the right behind the president and O knows it; the most brutal thing he can do to Trump is to deny him that our-guy-versus-their-guy dynamic. I don t think it s crazy to believe that Trump s job approval would be five to 10 points higher if Obama had spent the last seven months sniping at him regularly. By withholding his criticism, he s made it possible for  soft  Republicans and right-leaning independents to criticize POTUS without fear of being accused that they re carrying O s water.Two days before President Trump s inauguration, Obama warned him that he would come out against him if Trump rescinded his unconstitutional DACA.Why attack Trump now? I think there s more to it than DACA just being near and dear to Obama s heart. He knows that congressional Republicans are going to be jammed up here to an unusual degree. Immigration is a fraught issue for the GOP under the best of circumstances but DREAMers are an especially hard case due to their having come here as children. They re the one class of illegals about whom even Trump speaks warmly. In fact, the president s going to end DACA not because he wants to but because Republican AGs are squeezing him to do so, replete with the threat of a court battle; even then, Trump is still so reluctant to pull the plug that he s willing to hold off for another six months. The entire GOP (apart from Steve King) will spend those six months telling every voter who listens that they re open to legalizing DREAMers. All they ask in return is some face-saving security measures so that they can semi-plausibly argue to their base that they didn t roll over completely on amnesty.Having Obama wade in publicly on the side of DREAMers will complicate all of that. With O banging the drum for amnesty, Republican voters who are lukewarm on the idea in the first place will start to turn frosty. Populists will have a field day attacking Ryan and McConnell (and Trump?) for essentially doing Obama s bidding by negotiating for a DREAM bill. Some congressional Republicans might start to get cold feet. The more hostile Trump and the congressional GOP become towards a DREAM deal as part of a backlash towards Obama, the more ammo Schumer will have to say that Republicans are being cruel to poor illegal children whose only mistake was trusting the federal government. The whole GOP  we like DREAMers too!  messaging effort will be scrambled. Either negotiations will end up collapsing in Congress, with Dems using the DREAM failure against Republicans next fall, or Trump, Ryan, and McConnell will have to swallow hard and approve an amnesty cheered on by Barack farking Obama, which is about the RINO-iest move a modern Republican is capable of making. Either the GOP base ends up angry at the White House or everyone else does. Obama  speaking out  is tinder for the match Trump is about to strike.Let s hope President Trump will be able to locate and tweet this pesky little video of candidate Obama telling his constituents how he disagrees with law breaking illegal aliens living and working in America:
Nothing to see here. No conflict of interest. All feminists please look the other way you didn t really see this Crooked Hillary really is a champion of women s rights just not Saudi women s rights. August 30, 2013   Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton was given a half-million bucks worth of diamond and ruby jewelry by Saudi Arabian King Abdullah bin Abdul Aziz and received $58,000 worth of bling from Brunei.The lavish gifts were among a treasure trove of keepsakes bestowed upon U.S. leaders in 2012, the State Department disclosed Thursday.The Constitution prohibits U.S. government employees from keeping presents worth more than $350. But officials at the U.S. General Services Administration said the gifts were accepted to avoid awkward moments. Via: NY Daily News
This should come as no surprise to anyone who has watched these thugs in action. There is no line the union bosses won t cross to keep the unions dues flowing .The list, obtained by the 7 Investigators, is creating a stir among current and ex-union members in southeast Michigan.The Warren chapter of the UAW, Local 412, appears to publicly shame those opting out of the union   listing 43 workers who,  choose not to pay their fair share. Paying members are encouraged to virtually shun them, the union saying,  do not share any tools, knowledge or support for any of these employees. Here s a little sample (video below) of MI union workers and how they bully and harass anyone who tries to prevent them from forcing workers from joining. This video was taken in Lansing, MI prior to the passage of the Right-To-Work legislation. Leisa and I (Patty) were present at this event when these bullies spent days walking around threatening anyone who opposed them. They knocked over our podium and cut down banners on the stairs leading up to the State Capitol that we reserved. Male union members physically and verbally assaulted us and even went so far as to cut down the tent that AFP rented with several people inside, including a disabled woman with an oxygen tank. Critics say the union is,  Trying to use co-workers to peer pressure [them] to pay the union,  says Vincent Vernuccio with the Mackinac Center for Public Policy.  We ve seen other locals use it. Its just simply intimidation and bullying. Local 412 has a different take on this. They say its simply informational.In the letter, the chapter claims the list is to make sure those ex-members are barred from events and other benefits.The president of Local 412 didn t answer our calls for comment.One of those ex-members singled out in bold by the union is Robert Patchett. In an interview with 7 Action News, he said he feels like he has a  target on my back. He says a number of union workers have visited his office inquiring about him since the December list came out and he fears what that may mean. Via: WXYZ
Wisconsin Governor Scott Walker has blown so much money on his vanity presidential campaign that he put himself $1.2 million dollars in debt. An odd accomplishment for a  fiscally conservative  Republican who says that our government s debt is the most evil thing ever.Walker is trying to sell off the surplus garbage campaign merchandise that nobody wanted to buy the first time around, in order to cover his debts. He sent out an e-mail begging people to buy t-shirts from him for $45. If you really want to wear a t-shirt which will announce to everyone how stupid you are, you can find similar Walker merch online for about half the price.Walker isn t even able to fulfill color or size requests due to a  lack of resources.  He wants you to pay 45 bucks for something you may not even want to, or be physically able to, wear properly. Don t worry, though! If you get a shirt that is 3 sizes too small or a hideous color, he also said in the e-mail that the shirts can be framed or used for  crafty things  like a pillow cover or bag.That  exactly what I d do; Lay my head on a Scott Walker pillow as I stare at a Scott Walker framed t-shirt on my wall.Walker dropped $90,000 a day on his 70-day presidential run, which is a fact he isn t divulging to the people he s asking for cash. 70 days is pretty impressive to go from the great white right-wing hope to  Scott who? In the e-mail that he sent out to the people who are now upset that they forgot to unsubscribe from his mailing list months ago, Walker made some strange statements about how careful he is with money. If there is one thing the American people learned about me during our presidential campaign, it is that I am thrifty. Source: APWalker then went on to cite how he uses coupons and loves hitting up the discount racks when shopping. Do they give coupons for failed presidential vanity campaigns intended for boosting speaking fees and book deals?There s $1,200,000 worth of irony to be found in a  thrifty  guy, who is against big spending, asking people to waste 45 bucks on what is essentially an  I m with stupid  t-shirt. He would need a little over 26,000 people who are bad enough with their money to think this is a good deal, in order to cover his debt.Featured image via Scott Olson / Getty 
When faced with deciding if you re going to perform or not in a state that decided to make discrimination legal, many performers are left feeling there is only one option   boycott. And while very effective, because not only does it remove revenue from the state surrounding the performance, it also pisses off a lot of people who were looking forward to the show. People, who will then want to know why one of their favorite performers decided not to show up, if they didn t know already.Comedian Joel McHale, however, went another route to combat the hatred of the new bigoted North Carolina anti-LGBT law. Instead, he decided to keep his performance date in Durham, yet he then donated  every single dime  from the show to the local LGBTQ organization.McHale s rep told People: Joel is vehemently opposed to HB2 and knows there are many in Durham (which recently passed a measure condemning the law) that share the feeling. He felt this was a good way to raise awareness and much needed funds for a local center that is on the front line of this important cause. The actor even wore a  LGBTQ Durham  shirt on stage in support of the local community who is devastatingly impacted by this outrageous law.@joelmchale @DPAC tonight in LGBTQ shirt & announced1 Donating all $ from show to LGBT Center2 He'll come back to NC after HB2 is repealed  Demetri Ravanos (@DemetriRavanos) April 9, 2016 My good buddy @joelmchale made a nice shirt for the #LGBTQDurham community. #LGBTQ #joelMcHale gave all the money he made tonight to LGBTQ Durham, pretty sweet move.A photo posted by JF Harris (@jfharris_comedy) on Apr 8, 2016 at 7:41pm PDT During a video of the performance you can hear McHale call the law  f*cking crazy,  and completely lay into the absurdity of legislated hate.In this world, you can choose to love and embrace everyone as the people that they are, ironically something the Bible actually urges people to do once you get past the Old Testament, or you can choose to hate and live in the small, myopic mind that you haven t allowed yourself to escape. However, in the words of Dr. Martin Luther King Jr.,  hate is too great a burden to bear,  it s actually easier to love, and hopefully the lawmakers in North Carolina realize this sooner than later.Kudos to you, Mr. McHale, this gesture will not be forgotten.Featured Photo by Angela Weiss/Getty Images
We don t want to jump to any conclusions, so we ll just wait to find out if Victor Alonzo Majia Nunez is a legal US citizen (or not). For some strange reason, it always seems to take days, or even weeks for the media to find out whether or not the suspect in a crime is a legal US citizen A suspect is under arrest after police say a Roswell officer was shot at during a patrol early Friday morning.Officer Brian McKenzie was in the area of Old Roswell Road and Commerce Parkway when police say a passing vehicle fired a shot at the McKenzie s patrol car. He noticed a vehicle slow down and then heard what he thought was either gunfire or fireworks. He looked over and realized it was gunfire coming towards him,  said Roswell police official Zachary Frommer.McKenzie was not hit.Frommer says McKenzie chased 21-year-old Victor Mejia Nunez, but the Riverdale man crashed the stolen SUV he was driving. Detectives have been speaking to him. He s been less than forthcoming so we don t know motive or anything like that,  Frommer said.Frommer says in light of the attacks on police in Dallas, officers here were already on high alert. Then something like this happens and it just perks us up even more,  Frommer said.Mejia Nunez is facing several charges, including aggravated assault on a police officer. He was in an SUV stolen out of Sandy Springs. Via: WSBTV 
As Donald Trump condemned Democrats as  animals  on Sunday because a GOP office was firebombed on Saturday night, it was the Democrats who raised money to help rebuild the office while Trump didn t send a dime.Let s make one thing clear. Whoever firebombed the GOP office in Hillsborough, North Carolina is a terrorist. But we don t actually know who committed the act and we certainly don t know where the perpetrator(s) stand politically.But that didn t stop Trump from immediately blaming Hillary Clinton supporters in his response to the incident.Animals representing Hillary Clinton and Dems in North Carolina just firebombed our office in Orange County because we are winning @NCGOP  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 16, 2016Of course, Hillary s response sounded way more presidential.The attack on the Orange County HQ @NCGOP office is horrific and unacceptable. Very grateful that everyone is safe.  Hillary Clinton (@HillaryClinton) October 16, 2016And while Donald Trump is busy demonizing Hillary supporters and Democrats, it is Democrats who are saving the day in the name of democracy and compassion.A group of Democrats started a GoFundMe account to raise money in an effort to help the Republican Party rebuild the destroyed office and get it running again as soon as possible. As Democrats, we are starting this campaign to enable the Orange County, North Carolina Republican office to re-open as soon as possible,  the account s message reads. Until an investigation is undertaken, we cannot know who did this or why. No matter the result, this is not how Americans resolve their differences. We talk, we argue, sometimes we march, and most of all we vote. We do not resort to violence by individuals or by mobs.So, let s all pitch in, no matter what your party affiliation, in and get that office open again quickly. And while Trump hasn t provided any money to help rebuild the office, these Democrats raised $13,000 in a matter of hours to give to the North Carolina GOP in a spectacular demonstration of American values. This is a moment for graciousness, not fractiousness,  said Jeff Jarvis, one of the Democrats who helped put this fundraiser together.Unlike Donald Trump s selfishness and accusatory rhetoric, Democrats displayed true patriotism and compassion for their fellow Americans even though they are divided by political beliefs. This is the true definition of citizenship and you have to wonder if Republicans would do the same if it were a Democratic office that had been bombed. Surely, they would. But it s hard to say considering Trump is painting Democrats as  animals  who hate America.Featured Image: Jessica Kourkounis/Getty Images
(Reuters) - Federal appeals courts in the states of Washington and Virginia are set to hear arguments this week on the legality of President Donald Trump’s most recent travel ban, which sharply limits visitors and immigrants from eight countries, six of them Muslim-majority. Challengers, including the state of Hawaii and immigrant advocacy organizations and the American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU), argue the ban is discriminatory and violates the U.S. Constitution. The Trump administration says it is necessary to protect the United States from terrorist attacks. The 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals, which is based in San Francisco, will hold a hearing in Seattle, Washington on Dec. 6 and the Richmond, Virginia-based 4th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals has its hearing on Dec. 8. Soon after taking office in January, Trump signed an order temporarily barring all refugees and visitors from seven predominately Muslim countries. The decision led to chaos at airports and numerous legal challenges and the administration eventually replaced it with a second, somewhat narrower order.  When the second ban expired in September, Trump replaced it with a presidential proclamation indefinitely restricting travel from Iran, Libya, Syria, Yemen, Somalia, Chad, North Korea and barring certain government officials from Venezuela.      The administration said the restrictions were put in place after a worldwide review of each country’s ability to issue reliable passports and share data with the United States.  After the most recent order was issued, the same challengers who sued to stop the earlier bans went back to court. They said  the new version still discriminated against Muslims in violation of the U.S. Constitution. The lawsuits did not dispute the restrictions placed on Venezuela and North Korea. All refugees were temporarily barred as part of Trump’s first order but were not addressed in the latest ban. Instead, under a separate directive issued Oct. 24, refugees from 11 countries mostly in the Middle East and Africa now face additional security screening.   The 9th circuit appeals court on Nov. 13 ruled the ban could go partially into effect for everyone without close family relationships to people in the United States. The White House has asked the U.S. Supreme Court to lift those partial restrictions while the cases are moving forward in lower courts so that the ban would apply to everyone. The government argues the president has broad authority to decide who can come into the United States, but detractors say the expanded ban violates a law forbidding the government from discriminating based on nationality when issuing immigrant visas. The administration has repeatedly said the ban is not discriminatory and pointed out that many Muslim-majority countries are unaffected by it. Trump has made statements, however, that his legal opponents say reinforce their contention that his actions are based in anti-Muslim sentiments.  Last week, for example, the president shared on Twitter anti-Muslim videos posted by a far-right British party leader. In response to the tweet, Neal Katyal, attorney for the State of Hawaii Tweeted: “Thanks! See you in court next week.” The ACLU said in a letter sent to the Supreme Court on Monday that the group planned to file a motion that would expand the record to include the recent statements by the President. 
When thinking about who would be the best fit for President of the United States, Republican Senator Ted Cruz should be nowhere near the top of that list. It s pretty much openly known that he s not well liked in Washington, and the only thing he s really ever successfully done was shut down the government (which isn t a good thing, it puts thousands out of work and can be a potential national security risk).Even former Republican presidential candidate and longtime Senator Bob Dole told the NY Times regarding Cruz: I don t know how he s going to deal with Congress. Nobody likes him. Now, at a campaign stop, as Cruz was greeting his daughters after they came off the bus, it was almost poetic how even his own daughter wanted absolutely nothing to do with him. He reached for her and she shooed him away, then as he went for a hug and a kiss, she tried as best as she could to get away from him.Keep in mind, what you re about to see in no way is meant to attack Sen. Ted Cruz s daughter. It s just a video that caught a moment that seems worthy of showing. Children, often times, won t want anything to do with their parents. With that said, here s the clip of Cruz s daughter seemingly wanting absolutely nothing to do with her father, just like the rest of the country. Ted Cruz tries to get a hug from his daughter on campaign trail. (@VaraBBC) pic.twitter.com/jEQCcgRP68  Breaking News Feed (@pzf) January 31, 2016 Video/Featured image: Twitter
TOKYO (Reuters) - A record crowd paid their respects to Japan s 84-year-old Emperor Akihito at Tokyo s Imperial Palace on Saturday, in his first birthday celebration since the date of his abdication was set. The emperor s birthday is traditionally marked by a national holiday and an address at the Imperial Palace, which opens to the public on the day. Well-wishers waved small Japanese flags and held up smartphones as Emperor Akihito, whose position is ceremonial with no political power, addressed them from a balcony, flanked by his wife and other members of the imperial family. The crowd of 52,300, according to the Imperial Household Agency, was the largest birthday attendance during Akihito s symbolic 29-year reign, known as the  Heisei  era, which means  achieving peace  in Japanese.  On this day as we face the cold, my thoughts go out to those who suffered from typhoons and heavy rains, as well as the victims of the Great East Japan Earthquake who continue to lead difficult lives,  he said, referring to the 2011 earthquake and tsunami that killed and displaced tens of thousands on the country s eastern seaboard. Along with Empress Michiko, Akihito has spent much of his reign addressing the legacy of World War Two, which was fought in the name of his father, Hirohito, and consoling victims of disasters such as the 2011 earthquake.  Earlier this month, a 10-member Imperial Household Council agreed that Akihito would step down on April 30, 2019, before passing the Chrysanthemum Throne to his eldest son, Crown Prince Naruhito. In comments made to media, Akihito said he would use the remaining days of his reign to carry out his duties and prepare to  pass the torch to the next era.  Akihito has had heart surgery and treatment for prostate cancer and said last year that he feared he would struggle to fulfill his royal duties due to his age. Japan passed a law this year allowing him to step down in a one-off provision as existing law did not provide for abdication. The last time a Japanese emperor abdicated was in 1817. Throughout his reign, Akihito has consistently urged the Japanese never to forget the horrors of war. His conciliatory remarks contrast with gestures made by Prime Minister Shinzo Abe, who has adopted a less apologetic tone over Japan s past military aggression. 
LONDON (Reuters) - North Korea will continue to regularly test missiles and any military action against it by the United States would prompt “all out war”, a senior North Korean official told the BBC on Monday. North Korea has conducted several missile and nuclear tests in defiance of U.N. sanctions and has said it has developed a missile that can strike the U.S. mainland. Its latest missile test on Sunday failed a few seconds after launch. U.S. Vice President Mike Pence warned North Korea on Monday that recent U.S. strikes in Syria, one of Pyongyang’s few close allies, and Afghanistan showed that the resolve of President Donald Trump should not be tested. “We’ll be conducting more missile tests on a weekly, monthly and yearly basis,” the BBC quoted Vice Foreign Minister Han Song-Ryol as saying in an interview. “If the U.S. is reckless enough to use military means it would mean from that very day, an all out war.” North Korean state media last week warned of a nuclear attack on the United States at any sign of American aggression,  but the White House said there was no evidence it possessed that capability. The BBC reported Han also said North Korea believed its nuclear weapons protect it from the threat of military action by the United States. 
Ever since same-sex marriage became the law of the land, Bible Belt states have been pushing back on it. Of course, we all remember the Kim Davis fiasco, where the Rowan County, Kentucky County Clerk went to jail rather than issue marriage licenses to same-sex couples. Now, we have something similar happening in Arkansas, where the state was refusing to put the names of same-sex parents on their children s birth certificates. However, the Supreme Court handed down a decision forcing the state of Arkansas to treat same-sex couples just like they treat opposite-sex couples.The decision that was handed down was 6-3, with Justices Clarence Thomas, Samuel Alito, and Neil Gorsuch dissenting. This comes as no surprise, since those are the three most conservative justices on the court. Further, it gives us just a taste of what we are in for with Trump s new justice, and it isn t good. The case reached the highest court in the land as the result of two women who filed a suit against the state when they insisted that it was not a right to have both parents listed on their infant s certificate of birth. First, the Arkansas Supreme Court ruled in favor of the state, so the case went to the Supreme Court, where it was struck down.Luckily, this is a 6-3 ruling, so it s not on a razor s edge, like some rulings in favor of equality have been   including Obergefell v. Hodges, the case that legalized marriage equality nationwide. With talk of the potential retirement of Justice Anthony Kennedy, who is usually the swing vote on the Court, there could be a lot of anti-equality rulings if Trump puts another right-wing asshole up for consideration. The last great hope is that the Democrats are able to take the Senate back in 2018, and Justice Kennedy will wait until then to retire. For now, we can be happy that the Court did the right thing in this case.Featured image via Alex Wong/Getty Images
BERLIN (Reuters) - Germany s would-be coalition partners have not agreed to abolish a tax imposed after reunification to help poorer eastern states, a conservative politician told Reuters on Sunday, retracting his previous remarks that a deal on the issue had been reached. Hans Michelbach, a member of Chancellor Angela Merkel s conservative bloc, said earlier that an agreement had been reached with the Greens and the pro-business Free Democrats (FDP) to abolish the  solidarity tax  by 2021. The FDP had made abolishing the tax, which was due to expire in 2019, an election promise. 
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Secretary of State-designate Rex Tillerson visited the State Department on Tuesday for briefings, a spokesman said, a day after the former oil executive narrowly won approval from a Senate committee. “Secretary-designate Tillerson visited the State Department today for briefings,” the State Department spokesman said without elaborating. It was Tillerson’s first meetings at the State Department since U.S. President Donald Trump named him as his choice for secretary of state. The Senate Foreign Relations Committee voted 11-10 on Monday to approve Tillerson, a former Exxon Mobil Corp chairman. 
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. House of Representatives voted on Tuesday to sharply reduce the annual $300 million in U.S. aid to the Palestinian Authority unless it take steps to stop making what lawmakers described as payments that reward violent crime. The House backed by voice vote the Taylor Force Act, named after a 29-year-old American military veteran fatally stabbed by a Palestinian while visiting Israel last year. The measure is intended to stop the Palestinians from paying stipends, referred to as “martyr payments,” to the families of militants killed or imprisoned by Israeli authorities. The payments can reach $3,500 per month. “This perverse ‘pay-to-slay’ system uses a sliding scale. The longer the jail sentence, the greater the reward. The highest payments go to those serving life sentences - to those who prove most brutal,” Republican Representative Ed Royce, chairman of the House Foreign Affairs Committee, said before the vote. Force’s attacker was killed by Israeli police, and his killer’s family receives such a monthly payment. To become law, the measure must also be passed by the U.S. Senate and signed by President Donald Trump. Similar legislation has been passed by two Senate committees, but there was no immediate word on when the Senate might take up the bill. Its passage reflected strong pro-Israel sentiment in Washington. Separately on Tuesday, Trump told Israeli and Arab leaders that he intends to move the U.S. Embassy in Israel to Jerusalem, changing decades-old U.S. policy, despite the Palestinians’ desire to have their capital in East Jerusalem. Trump’s fellow Republicans control majorities in both the House and Senate. Palestinian officials have said they intend to continue the payments, which they see as support for relatives of those imprisoned by Israel for fighting against occupation or who have died in connection with that cause. The measures moving through Congress now are not as severe as had been proposed. The legislation passed by the House had been amended to allow exceptions such as continued funding for water projects and children’s vaccinations. 
Sacrifice, pride, honor 
Just when you might have thought we d get a break from watching people kiss Donald Trump s ass and stroke his ego ad nauseam, a pro-Trump group creates an ad that s nothing but people doing even more of those exact things. America First Policies is set to release this ad, called  Thank You, President Trump,  on Christmas Day and, well, we threw up a little in our mouths trying to watch this.Basically, the spot is nothing but people fawning all over Trump for all the stuff he hasn t actually done. The ad includes a scene with a little girl thanking Trump for bringing back  Merry Christmas,  which never went away (there are even videos of President Obama saying  Merry Christmas  himself). A man thanks him for cutting his taxes. And America First says that everyday Americans everywhere are thanking Trump for being such a great and awesome president.The best president.Nobody s ever done what he s done. He s breaking all kinds of records every day.Believe us.Anyway, the word  propaganda  comes to mind when watching this. That s what it is   literal propaganda promoting someone who shouldn t need this kind of promotion anymore. Watch this ad bullshit below:The way the MAGAs are kowtowing to Orange Hitler is both disgusting and frightening. The man has done nothing, and his policies will harm the very same Americans who are thanking him. Unfortunately, it will take an obscene amount of pain before they ll open their eyes and see they ve been duped by a con man with a bad hairdo.And his ongoing need for this kind of adoration is, at best, unbecoming of his office. This ad is vile.Featured image via Al Drago-Pool/Getty Images
THE PURGE CONTINUES THE NYC MAYOR has just opened a can of worms so big that it ll be hard to control it. He wants to review  all symbols of hate  on city property then leave it to his panel of  experts  to decide what stays and what goes. This should be interesting. Isn t this subjective? Someone might think one thing is a symbol of hate but not another. Where does this purging end?Mayor de Blasio said late Wednesday that the city will conduct a 90-day review of  all symbols of hate on city property  in the wake of violence sparked by white supremacist groups in Charlottesville, Virginia over the weekend.A 32-year-old woman was killed and more than a dozen people were injured when a vehicle slammed into a group of counter-protesters on Saturday, and two state troopers died when the helicopter from which they were monitoring events suddenly crashed.Opposition to the removal of a statue of Confederate Army general Robert E. Lee was at the heart of rallies by white nationalists and KKK members in Charlottesville this year.New York City officials said they re putting together a panel of  relevant experts and community leaders  who will define the criteria and make recommendations for which items to remove.EXPERTS? WHO SAYS?MEANWHILE IN THE EAST VILLAGEThe South is rising   in the East Village.Residents are seeing red over a pair of Confederate flags hanging in the window of an East 8th Street apartment building, following the deadly white power rally in Virginia this week.The flags have been hanging in the fifth-floor window of the building near the corner of Avenue D for months, but anger is boiling over in the aftermath of the weekend s carnage   with neighbors pelting rocks and bricks at the window Wednesday morning. They re scary, we don t know who we are dealing with in the neighborhood. I feel uncomfortable because that represents evil. I see the protests in the news and I come home and see this,  said local Louise Abddhal, 56, as a chorus of others yelled at the window.Residents had turned a blind eye to the offensive banners in the past, but started getting mad after Saturday s rally in Charlottesville, where a neo-Nazi fatally mowed down counter-protester Heather Hayer. It s been there forever and no one said anything. Now it s going crazy. Virginia is bringing more light and attention too,  said longtime resident Janet Brown. .The Dixie-head has changed the flags around several times   there was a  neo-Nazi  one for awhile, according to Brown   and he now has two Israeli flags and an American flag between the Confederate ones.But the baffling collection is just making residents angrier. He is a Jew with a Confederate flag! Are you kidding me?  said one neighbor, who wouldn t give his name. Confederate flags in the window, bro! That is a bunch of racists. Right here in the avenue, bro! In the hood! This sh-t is real. He is looking to start a f ing riot. The building s property manager said he s aware of the flags and is trying to get the resident to take them down.Footage of a man throwing rocks and screaming expletives at the windows on Wednesday morning shows police arriving and telling him to stop   but witnesses say cops didn t make any arrests.Via: NYP
Colin Kaepernick has been taking a whole lot of heat since he made the decision to sit during the national anthem in protest of the way people of color are treated in the United States. On Thursday night, Kaepernick once again refused to stand while the Star Spangled Banner was sung, but this time, he wasn t the only one.Image via InstagramKaepernick was joined in his protest Thursday night by fellow 49er Eric Reid, a safety, who knelt beside the quarterback as the national anthem rang out through the stadium before they played the San Diego Chargers. Reid also serves as the representative for the player s union and has been supportive of Kaepernick all week, despite the uproar over his protest.However, it is not only his teammates who are joining Kaepernick s protest. Seattle Seahawks cornerback Jeremy Lane also sat while the national anthem was sung on Thursday night before the start of their game against the Oakland Raiders.Image via Instagram.The 49ers have played four exhibition games this year and Kaepernick has not stood for the national anthem at any of these games. Nobody seemed to notice until  his first game in uniform, which was last Friday. Kaepernick explained that he wasn t standing as a protest of the way the lives of minorities are continually snuffed out by those who are sworn to serve and protect them. He noted that the only consequence for these  murders  is a paid vacation. I am not going to stand up to show pride in a flag for a country that oppresses black people and people of color,  Kaepernick said.  To me, this is bigger than football and it would be selfish on my part to look the other way. There are bodies in the street and people getting paid leave and getting away with murder. It is good to see other teammates and professional football players standing beside Kaepernick and standing up for all African American lives in America. Hopefully, their numbers will grow and they will continue to use the national platform at their disposal to help bring awareness to the systemic racism plaguing not only the country in general but the criminal justice system in particular.Kudos to you gentlemen. Kudos to you.Featured image via Instagram
A leaked video shows a group of probation officers brutally beating a teen inside a California detention center.The video, which was leaked to Witness LA by someone from inside the probation department, shows four probation officers beating the teen, while a supervisor looks on.According to Witness LA, the video was recorded inside Barry J. Nidorf Juvenile Hall, located in Sylmar, California.The video has no sound, but it does show the 17-year-old talking to the supervisor moments before the attack. The footage does not show the teen threatening the officer in any way.A second officer rushes in from the hallway and begins hitting the teen from behind. As more officers rush into the room, the teenager is tackled and thrown to onto the cell s cot.The officers pile on top of him. Video shows them punching the kid over and over again. At this point he is on his stomach, but his head and upper body are no longer on the cot.The supervisor remains standing near the doorway, watching the entire incident unfold.According to Witness LA:The supervisor, who appeared to be overseeing the beating, was reportedly the facility s  Officer of the Day  meaning, he was like a watch commander at a police or sheriff s station. He was the guy in charge of the whole place.About a minute into the beating another uniformed officer can be seen entering the cell. He watches for a few brief seconds, then exits the room, leaving the officers to continue beating the minor who is in their charge.Witness LA reports that this person was a second supervisor.The beating lasts nearly two minutes.After being seen briefly by a nurse, the teenager was taken to a hospital where he was treated for multiple injuries, including bruising, black eyes, swelling and abrasions. He was also treated for a sprain.Witness LA did not release the entire video. A portion of it was published by ABC 7. Watch the footage below, via YouTube. Image credit: Video screen capture via ABC 7 News on YouTube
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. House of Representatives Speaker Paul Ryan said on Thursday he does not see enough support to bring the Trans-Pacific Partnership up for a vote in the chamber, adding that the Obama administration must do more to persuade lawmakers to accept the trade deal. “I don’t think the votes are there right now because of the concerns about what’s in the TPP,” Ryan told reporters at his weekly news conference. 
(Reuters) - North Korea’s latest display of its military hardware at a parade this month focused more on new missiles and less on tanks and artillery, suggesting it was trying to project the image of a country with advanced capabilities in warfare. The Reuters graphics team has analyzed the weapons shown during the five major parades staged in North Korea under its current leader Kim Jong Un, who took power in 2011 after the death of his father. Here is a link to the interactive graphic (tmsnrt.rs/2ox2IgH) The analysis shows there has been a gradual decline in tanks and artillery pieces on display since 2012, Kim Jong Un’s first parade as leader, and a move to more long-range missiles. “This shift might indicate North Korea wants to redefine the outside world’s perception of its military capabilities from masses of troops and tanks to more advanced weapon systems,” said David Schmerler, a research associate at the James Martin Center for Nonproliferation. Weapons analysts said they believed some of the missiles on display were new types of intercontinental ballistic missiles. The North has said it has developed and would launch a missile that can strike the mainland United States but officials and experts believe it is some time away from mastering all the necessary technology. 
This is not supposed to be a danger to the general population  but raises lots of questions about security when dealing with anthrax. The Pentagon revealed Wednesday that  live anthrax  was shipped, apparently by accident, from a lab in Utah to as many as nine states.Pentagon spokesman Col. Steve Warren assured  there is no known risk to the general public  and said an investigation is under way. But precautions are being taken for potentially exposed workers in labs where the samples were sent. A U.S. official told Fox News that four people in three companies are being treated for  post-exposure  and being prescribed prophylaxis.All samples are in the process of being collected by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.The material in question was prepared at Dugway Proving Ground, Utah, as part of what was described as a  routine  research process. It was then sent out to Defense Department and commercial labs in nine states   the shipments were supposed to include only inactive, or dead, anthrax when they were transferred. These were supposed to be dead spores anthrax, called AG-1,  a defense official said.But a private lab in Maryland, on May 22, informed the CDC that they thought the samples contained live anthrax. The CDC then informed the Defense Department. According to the Associated Press, the government has confirmed the Maryland lab got live spores, and it is suspected the others did as well, though not yet confirmed.Fox News also was told that one sample was sent to a South Korean base. The Department of Defense is collaborating with the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention in their investigation of the inadvertent transfer of samples containing live Bacillus anthracis, also known as anthrax, from a DoD lab in Dugway Utah, to labs in nine states,  Warren said in a statement. There is no known risk to the general public, and there are no suspected or confirmed cases of anthrax infection in potentially exposed lab workers,  he added.  The DoD lab was working as part of a DoD effort to develop a field-based test to identify biological threats in the environment. 
BOSTON (Reuters) - The Washington Post on Wednesday called on Maine Governor Paul LePage to resign, following a series of incidents in which the two-term Republican made racially charged statements and threatened a Democratic lawmaker in an obscenity-laden email. LePage, whose term extends through 2018, last month lashed out at a state lawmaker who criticized his comments blaming black and Hispanic people from out of state for the heroin trade in Maine. In an editorial titled “Maine’s unhinged governor,” the newspaper wrote “LePage threatens to remake his state’s image from a vacation paradise of surreal natural beauty to a hotbed of hatred.” LePage had told reporters he had collected a three-ring binder of people arrested for trafficking drugs in the state and that 90 percent of those in it were black or Hispanic. The governor released the binder this week and a review by local media found that closer to one in three arrestees in it matched LePage’s description. Maine legislative leaders last month briefly considered convening a special session to reprimand LePage for the outburst, but the effort collapsed with the two parties unable to agree on whether they wanted to censure him or pursue impeachment. A spokeswoman for the governor dismissed the editorial as biased. “The Post did not contact anyone from the governor’s office to fact-check this biased piece of propaganda,” spokeswoman Adrienne Bennett said in an email. “Clearly, the Post editorial board is exempt from reporting facts.” Asked about what factual inaccuracies in the editorial concerned the governor, Bennett challenged the Post’s description of LePage declining to attend a 2011 Martin Luther King Jr. Day event hosted by the state’s NAACP chapter, noting that he had instead attended a Rotary Club event honoring the slain civil rights activist. At the time that he declined the NAACP’s invitation, in his first month as governor, LePage said that critics of his decision could “kiss my butt.” 
LONDON (Reuters) - Iranian state television broadcast on Sunday what it described as the confessions of an Iranian academic with Swedish residency who it said had provided information to Israel to help it assassinate several senior nuclear scientists.  His wife, speaking by telephone from Stockholm, said he had been forced by his interrogators to read the confession. Iran s Supreme Court upheld last week a death sentence against Ahmadreza Djalali, a doctor and lecturer at the Karolinska Institute, a Stockholm medical university. Djalali was arrested in Iran in April 2016 and later convicted of espionage. He denied the charges. In the television report, Djalali was linked to the assassination of four Iranian scientists between 2010 and 2012 that Tehran said was an Israeli attempt to sabotage its nuclear energy program.  Djalali said in the report that he had given the Israeli intelligence agency Mossad information about key nuclear scientists.  They were showing me pictures of some people or satellite photos of nuclear facilities and were asking me to give them information about that,  Djalali said in the television report. Vida Mehrannia, Djalali s wife, said her husband had been forced to read a pre-agreed confession in front of the camera.  After three months in solitary confinement, his interrogators told him that he would be released only if he reads from a text in front of the camera,  she told Reuters by telephone from Stockholm.  My husband told me that they shouted at him each time he was saying something different from the text and stopped the filming,  Mehrannia added. The film said Djalali had agreed to cooperate with Israel in return for money and residency of a European country.  We have not received money from anyone and our lifestyle shows that. We don t have a house or a car. We got our Swedish residency after finishing our studies here,  Mehrannia said. The film also contained interviews with Majid Jamali Fashi, an Iranian athlete who was hanged in 2012 over the killings of the nuclear scientists. Djalali is the second person found guilty in the same case.  Djalali did not have any sensitive information about Iran s nuclear program. If he had, he would have been barred from leaving the country,  Mehrannia said. Sweden has condemned the death verdict against Djalali and said it had raised the matter with Iranian envoys in Stockholm and Tehran. Seventy-five Nobel prize laureates petitioned Iranian authorities last month to release Djalali so he could  continue his scholarly work for the benefit of mankind . They said Djalali has suggested it was his refusal to work for Iranian intelligence services that led to this  unfair, flawed trial . The United Nations and international human rights organizations regularly list Iran as a country with one of the world s highest execution rates.  Iran s Revolutionary Guards have arrested at least 30 dual nationals during the past two years, mostly on spying charges. 
Hillary Clinton is a Planned Parenthood s champion. She was greeted like a rock star at the Planned Parenthood Action Fund event in June, 2016. She mocked Donald Trump s defense of life, while highlighting her undying support for destroying the life of the most vulnerable. She s been bending over backwards to pander to Blacks for their votes, while trying desperately to gain the confidence of the Black Lives Matter movement. But isn t Hillary s concern for Black lives just another one of her lies? She is the darling of Planned Parenthood after all, and their stated goal has always been to kill off the Black population? Finally, a prominent Black professional athlete is speaking out and telling the truth about the true intentions of this killing machine for profit.Christian NFL player Ben Watson does not hesitate to call out Planned Parenthood s targeting of minority women and their babies for abortions.In a recent interview with Turning Point Pregnancy Resource Center in San Diego, the Baltimore Ravens player talked about the racial divide in America and how it factors into the abortion issue.  abortion saddens me period, but it seems to be something that is really pushed on minorities and provided to minorities especially as something that they should do,  Watson said.He pointed to Planned Parenthood s founder Margaret Sanger and her eugenic push to exterminate people she deemed  unfit.  Today,  it s working,  Watson said. We sit here and talk about advancing the black agenda, whatever that means, we talk about our interests, and what s important to us   like having political power and advancement and all those things   and then we are turning around and we are killing our children,  Watson continued.  And we are buying the lie that it s our personal decision to make. Here s Hillary Clinton slamming Donald Trump over his defense of life and her willingness to destroy it at a Planned Parenthood event:The NFL star said he is sympathetic to the women who are struggling with an unplanned pregnancy. But Watson, a husband and father of five children, said many men are not stepping up to help their children and the women in their lives like they should. He urged men to take responsibility for their actions. He need to be there to support her through the physical changes of the pregnancy, and help and provide emotional strength, and do it together,  Watson continued.  As much as he has a role in making the baby in the first place, it needs to take both of them the whole way through. Sometimes, Watson said he does have the opportunity to talk with other NFL players about abortion and his pro-life convictions. Just like in almost any career setting, Watson said they talk about many different things, including politics and religion. You ve got guys that consider themselves Conservative and pro-life, and you ve got guys that consider themselves Liberal and pro-choice, and it kind of goes back and forth,  he said.  What I love is that in most of the situations I have been in, not all of them, but most, even if we sometimes talk abrasively to each other, we still have love for each other. Last year, after the Center for Medical Progress began releasing its undercover Planned Parenthood videos, Watson wasn t shy about speaking up for unborn babies either.He posted on his Facebook wall:As horrific as it is, the issue isn t really the sale of human parts. It s the legal practice that allows this to even be a possibility. Killing children and simply discarding the leftovers is not any more acceptable than profiting off of them. #PlannedParenthood  Asked if he has faced backlash for his stance, Watson told Turning Point,  I won t say I m not afraid, and I will say that I ve received some flack for some of the things I ve said   I decided that you know, if the spirit of God has prompted me to say something, I m gonna trust in God and say it. Via: Life News
NEW YORK/ANKARA (Reuters) - The U.S. judge presiding over the trial of a Turkish gold trader accused of evading U.S. sanctions against Iran on Thursday refused to say if the wealthy businessman would be on trial with one of his co-defendants later this month. U.S. prosecutors have charged the trader, Reza Zarrab, and his alleged co-conspirators of handling hundreds of millions of dollars for Iran s government and Iranian entities from 2010 to 2015, in a scheme to evade U.S. sanctions. Nine people have been criminally charged, but only Zarrab and a banker from Turkey s Halkbank, Mehmet Hakan Atilla, are in U.S. custody. Both deny the charges. The case has complicated relations between the United States and Turkey, both members of the NATO military alliance. While the two are due to go on trial on Nov.27, Zarrab has not appeared in court or submitted any filings since September, sparking speculation in Turkish media that he has reached an agreement with U.S. authorities. U.S. District Judge Richard Berman refused to say whether Zarrab would be on trial alongside Atilla when asked by Victor Rocco, one of Atilla s lawyers, at a court hearing on Thursday.  The one perk that comes with being a judge is you don t have to answer questions as witnesses and lawyers do,  Berman said. Rocco told reporters after the hearing that he expected to know more about Zarrab in the next few days. U.S. prosecutors have alleged that Zarrab, a dual Turkish and Iranian citizen, sought support from and invoked the name of Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan to advance his business. Erdogan has not been accused of wrongdoing. The president  has accused U.S. prosecutors of having  ulterior motives  by including references to him and his wife in court papers. U.S. authorities informed Turkey that Zarrab had been moved to a different location and was in good medical condition, Turkish Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu said earlier on Thursday.  They responded after Turkey sent two diplomatic notes to ask about Zarrab s condition after the U.S. Federal Bureau of Prisons website showed Zarrab had been released last week and his lawyers said they had not heard from their client in five days. 
LISBON (Reuters) - Portugal s government on Tuesday survived a no confidence vote in parliament called by the opposition which alleged the government had failed to protect the lives of 110 people who died in two wildfire tragedies in the past four months. This year s fires in Portugal - one in June which killed 65 people and others last week which overwhelmed fire-fighting services and killed 45 people - are the worst on record and led to the resignation of the interior minister. The motion was presented by the center-right CDS-PP after a  barrage of criticism of the Socialist government of Prime Minister Antonio Costa. But the Socialists, together with their far-left parliamentary allies, the Communists and Left Bloc, rejected the motion in parliament by 122 to 105. The lethal wildfires are the biggest challenge faced by the government since it came to power in 2015 and have highlighted a glaring divide between the poor, abandoned interior of Portugal and its coastal, urban centers.   The government failed because its political leaders didn t know how to coordinate or execute a policy capable of stopping the fires,  CDS-PP party leader Assuncao Cristas told parliament during the debate.  Thousands of Portuguese waited for help which never came.  The government says extraordinary weather conditions, including unusually strong winds and extreme drought, made the fires very difficult to avoid. Portugal s yearly summer fires rarely kill civilians. Facing a growing backlash, including protests and demands for action by the president, the government announced a series of measures at the weekend.  We are here because the suffering of the victims and their families and the feeling of insecurity of the Portuguese demands a response,  Prime Minister Costa told parliament during the debate on the motion.  A report on the fire in June pointed to a long list of mistakes, including slow response times by the police, firefighters and civil protection agency. A special communication system for emergencies stopped working during the fire. This year s fires in Portugal accounted for 60 percent of the total area burnt in the entire European Union. Portugal is equal to 2.1 percent of the EU s landmass. In the interior, many have clamored for years for deep changes to land management to prevent fires, by creating viable forestry and farm units that will make land more valuable.   
LONDON (Reuters) - British aid minister Priti Patel was forced from office on Wednesday over undisclosed meetings with Israeli officials after Prime Minister Theresa May sought to reassert her diminished authority as she negotiates Brexit. Patel, a Brexit campaigner who is popular in the ruling Conservative Party, had to abandon a trip to Africa earlier on Wednesday after being summoned by May to answer questions on more unsanctioned meetings that breached diplomatic protocol. After a hastily arranged meeting not long after Patel landed in London, May s office released her minister s letter of resignation, in which Patel said her conduct in Israel had fallen  below the high standards  required of her post.  While my actions were meant with the best of intentions, my actions also fell below the standards of transparency and openness that I have promoted and advocated,  Patel wrote in the letter to May.  I offer a fulsome apology to you and to the government for what has happened and offer my resignation.  May responded in a letter, saying:  Now that further details have come to light, it is right that you have decided to resign and adhere to the high standards of transparency and openness that you have advocated.  It was not clear who would replace Patel, who held the meetings during a holiday in Israel earlier this year. Under British protocol, a cabinet minister would normally organize meetings through the foreign office and be accompanied by officials, and visits with Israelis would typically be balanced with meetings with Palestinians. It is the second resignation in May s top team in a week, underlining her weakness at a time when she faces the complicated task of unravelling more than 40 years of ties with the European Union and holding a deeply divided party together. Patel s meetings with Israeli officials, which May s office said they were not aware of, and a reported visit to an Israeli army field hospital in the Golan Heights, have increased the pressure on the prime minister, who depends on a Northern Irish party in parliament to pass legislation. But while acting quickly to force Patel to resign, the loss of an enthusiastic Brexit campaigner from her cabinet team of top ministers could mean that May faces greater pressure from lawmakers to pursue a clean break from the EU.  Priti is more popular than Theresa, and has more contacts and influence overseas,  a senior Conservative source said.   If I was May, I wouldn t want Priti unleashed on the back benches,  the source said, using a term to describe lawmakers. Patel was sacked a week after May s ally Michael Fallon, her defense secretary, resigned in a sexual harassment scandal that was also caught up two other ministers, including her deputy, Damian Green.  In a week of crises, her foreign minister, Boris Johnson, on Tuesday was pressed to apologize over remarks he made about a jailed aid worker in Iran, which critics said could prompt the Islamic Republic to hand her a longer jail term. With Brexit talks all but hamstrung over how much Britain should pay to leave the European Union, opposition lawmakers and other critics are now openly questioning whether May can continue as prime minister.  There are times when a government has the stench of death about it,  Pat McFadden, a lawmaker from the main opposition  Labour Party, told parliament on Tuesday. 
Did you watch the opening ceremony of the 2016 Olympics in Rio last night? If you did, you probably picked up on some politics slipped into the ceremony. A snoozer on global warming with tons of propaganda was a buzz kill for even those who ve bought into the scam. Also, a bit of colonialism thrown in Overall, with a very small budget, the opening ceremony was great but please, please keep the focus on the athletes! Politicizing the Olympics ruins the spirit of the games!The beginning presented us with HUGE spiders And then super model Giselle walked and walked and walked And then this giant dance number with dancers that look like Teletubbies?Then the ceremony went from this wild Brazilian dance party to a sad trombone .and GLOBAL WARMING PROPAGANDA! UGH!One of the biggest hits of the night on social media was this guy from Tonga John Kerry couldn t quite figure out how to take a photo   he s pulling a Bill Clinton with that open mouth look of cluelessness Each team was introduced by Oops! The Saudis might not like a woman driving Finally! The best part of the night TEAM USA!Michael Phelps proudly brought in our flag! 
Yesterday, Florida voters headed to the polls to cast their votes in the state s primary election. Among those who won their primaries were, as expected, Democrats Patrick Murphy (Senate) and Debbie Wassermann Schultz (House) who won their perspective primaries as did Republican Senate incumbent Marco Rubio.However, there was one controversial incumbent who was sent packing. The State Attorney in Florida s Fourth Judicial Circuit Court encompassing Jacksonville, Angela Corey, was trounced by almost unknown corporate attorney Melissa Nelson, 64 to 26 percent.Here s why that s good.Angela Corey is, in the simplest terms, one of the most unethical, cruel, and heartless attorneys in Florida, and quite possibly the whole United States. An eye-for-an-eye Republican, Corey was notorious for charging children as adults in the justice system. According to Human Rights Watch, 75 percent of the young people who were charged as adults under Corey s watch ended up going to prison, and the disproportional number of these kids were black or Hispanic. These statistics prove to be the highest in the state. Contrast these statistics: Corey s jurisdiction incarcerated 1,475 juveniles in the Jacksonville area, compared to 34 in Miami-Dade (the most populated judicial district with higher rates of youth) during the same time period, 2009-2013.Corey was also the prosecutor who put Marissa Alexander in prison for firing a warning shot at her abusive husband. According to The Nation:Corey charged Alexander with aggravated assault, which carried a minimum sentence of 20 years in prison [Corey sought a 60 year sentence]. Her prosecution of Alexander spurred online petitions and protests from domestic-violence groups, who argued that Alexander was being overcharged for protecting herself. Alexander ultimately served three years in prison. In an interview, Corey told me that she didn t understand why her actions were  newsworthy,  arguing that Alexander had endangered her children, who were in the next room.  How am I the bad guy in that situation?  she asked.One of her cruelest cases involved Christian Fernandez, a 12-year-old boy of Hispanic origin who beat his 2-year-old brother to death, when she charged him as an adult. Ignoring his past of extreme abuse, Corey went ahead and and pressed for first-degree murder charges, which would have put him away for the rest of his life. Christian was reported to have shoved his brother into a bookshelf, injuring his head. Fernandez s mother, Biannela Susana, waited too long before seeking medical attention, and the boy slipped into a coma before dying. A little boy who unintentionally killed his brother was charged as an adult by a vengeful, power- hungry prosecutor. Luckily, Christian Fernandez will not spend the rest of his life in prison, pleaded as a juvenile to manslaughter and aggravated battery, and will be sentenced to prison until he is 19. In a bit of irony, Melissa Nelson was one of the attorneys who worked on Christian s case.If Corey had her way, this young boy would have never left prison.Then there was perhaps the most famous case of them all: the George Zimmerman trial. Corey of course blew it. While representing the state, Corey had Zimmerman charged with second-degree murder, which some felt was an intentional overcharge, and felt that manslaughter would have been better for a  guilty  verdict. Corey also came under scrutiny for withholding information in relation to data accessed on Trayvon Martin s phone. When it came to light that such information was withheld, Corey fired the employee responsible for releasing it. Attorney Alan Dershowitz also accused Corey of filing a false and/or misleading affidavit pertaining to the case, a charge that could have gotten Corey disbarred.Not only all of this, Corey couldn t even uphold ethical standards that are beholden to attorneys and those who are in office:Corey has struggled to rise above several controversies in the run up to the primary, some larger than others. She was accused of forcing her office staff to contribute to her campaign with their time and money. A group of lawyers accused her of voter suppression and criticized by a group of vets for an alleged distorted campaign ad.Corey also used $108,439 of taxpayer money to upgrade her pension plan, and $425,000 in bonuses for her office staff. Corey was able to maneuver around a Florida statute than bans such bonuses for public employees by claiming the disbursements were  one time  pay raises.So the state of Florida made the right decision in sending a racist, lying, thieving prosecutor packing. It remains to be seen how Corey s successor will handle cases regarding people of color and youth, but once crux of this race was ethics, and boy did Angela Corey lack any.Featured image via Win McNamee/Getty Images
JOHANNESBURG (Reuters) - Zimbabweans took to the streets of the Yeoville and Hillbrow districts of the South African city of Johannesburg on Tuesday to celebrate news of Zimbabwean President Robert Mugabe s resignation. Around 3 million Zimbabweans have emigrated from their home country to South Africa in search of work following Zimbabwe s economic collapse. 
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump will not make a decision on whether to pull the United States out of the Paris climate agreement until after he returns from the May 26-27 Group of Seven summit, the White House said Tuesday. White House spokesman Sean Spicer said Trump is continuing to hear from advisers on the pros and cons of the United States remaining in the global accord. He will make a decision when he returns from the G7 summit in Italy, not prior to that, as originally planned.   “It’s a sign that the president wants to continue to meet with his team ... and come to a decision on what’s (in) the best interest of the United States,” Spicer told reporters. Trump advisers had been scheduled to meet at the White House on Tuesday to try to reach a final decision, but a White House official said the meeting was postponed due to scheduling conflicts. His advisers and cabinet chiefs have been split over whether Trump should keep his campaign promise to pull the United States out of the agreement or remain to try to reshape it, according to senior administration officials and several people briefed on the meeting. His daughter Ivanka and son-in-law Jared Kushner, who are senior presidential advisers, as well as Secretary of State Rex Tillerson are in favor of remaining, while Environmental Protection Agency chief Scott Pruitt and senior adviser Steve Bannon have urged Trump to withdraw.  Advisers had been under pressure to deliver a final recommendation to Trump ahead of the May 26-27 G7 meeting. 
LONDON (IFR) - The prospect of Donald Trump becoming the next U.S. president and ushering in a period of increased public spending and de-globalisation has not been adequately priced into bond markets, market participants have warned.  Trump, currently a candidate for the Republican nomination for U.S. president, could prove disruptive for global markets if he comes into power and brings in policies that match the radical nature of his rhetoric. “I think one big uncertainty that has so far been ignored by the market is Donald Trump: what happens if he is elected,” Patrick Barbe, chief investment officer, European Sovereign & Aggregate, BNP Paribas Investment Partners, told IFR. “We don’t have any specific policies from him yet, but the tone of what he is saying suggests increased wages, expansion of the public sector and rising government expenses; everything that bond markets tend not to like.”  While the U.S. markets will be most affected, the repercussions could be felt throughout the world, as the US still accounts for the largest chunk of the world’s GDP; over 22 percent in 2014, according to the World Bank.  Trump this week recorded a comprehensive victory in the New York primary, injecting renewed momentum into his campaign to become the Republican nominee.  The vote scheduled for November has had a limited effect on bond markets so far. US Treasuries have tended to trade much more on rates expectations than on political risk so far this year, and 10-year UST yields have dropped as much as 36bp since the start of the year to 1.88 percent, according to Eikon prices.  Moreover, there has been very little research or analysis done on the subject up to this point, though that is likely to change as the nomination process continues.  “I don’t think the market has fully thought through the implications of Trump as U.S. president, but it is definitely moving up the agenda,” said David Riley, head of credit strategy at BlueBay Asset Management.  “In my view, populist politics typically is also associated with protectionist economic policies. Certainly a concern would be a more isolationist, protectionist U.S., which would reinforce a fear that, after an era of globalization, we would enter an era of de-globalisation.” ISSUERS FRONT-RUN In the public sector market there has been record levels of US dollar bond issuance this month, partly because SSA issuers are looking to get their borrowing done ahead of any political risk associated with the U.S. election. “Market conditions are primarily driving the issuance as it is looking very solid at the moment, but the U.S. election will cause uncertainty the closer you get to it. A lot of people are getting in ahead of these events,” said one syndicate official who covers public sector debt.  There has been $38.9 billion of U.S. dollar bond issuance month-to-date by public sector issuers, according to IFR data, led by the likes of Washington-based supras World Bank and Inter-American Development Bank.  With a week still to go, that is comfortably above the US$35bn raised in January - traditionally the busiest month of the year for the SSA sector. 
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Federal Bureau of Investigation said on Tuesday it had turned over to the U.S. Congress a number of documents related to its probe into Hillary Clinton’s use of a private email server while she was secretary of state. The Democratic presidential nominee has for over a year been dogged by questions about her use of a private email account while she was the nation’s top diplomat. Republicans have repeatedly hammered Clinton over the issue, helping to drive opinion poll results showing that many U.S. voters doubt her trustworthiness. The FBI said it had provided “relevant materials” to congressional committees looking into the matter. “The material contains classified and other sensitive information and is being provided with the expectation it will not be disseminated or disclosed without FBI concurrence,” the agency said in a statement. The Clinton campaign criticized the delivery of the documents. “This is an extraordinarily rare step that was sought solely by Republicans for the purposes of further second-guessing the career professionals at the FBI,” Clinton spokesman Brian Fallon said in a statement.  “We believe that if these materials are going to be shared outside the Justice Department, they should be released widely so that the public can see them for themselves, rather than allow Republicans to mischaracterize them through selective, partisan leaks.” A spokeswoman for the House of Representatives Oversight and Government Reform Committee said in an email that staff for the panel was reviewing the information classified as “secret.” “There are no further details at this time,” the aide said. Senate Judiciary Committee Chairman Chuck Grassley, a Republican, said in a statement that an initial review of the material showed most of it was marked unclassified, and urged the FBI to make as much of it public as possible. FBI Director James Comey told Congress last month that Clinton’s handling of classified information while using  private email servers was “extremely careless.” But he said he would not recommend criminal charges be brought against her. Comey’s statement lifted a cloud of uncertainty from Clinton’s White House campaign. But his strong criticism of her judgment ignited a new attack on her by Republicans, including Donald Trump, her Republican opponent in the Nov. 8 election. The Oversight committee, chaired by Republican Representative Jason Chaffetz, had asked the FBI for the complete investigative file from its review of Clinton’s use of a private email server. The FBI has also provided documents from its investigation to the House Judiciary Committee, an aide said. Chaffetz and Judiciary Committee Chairman Bob Goodlatte, also a Republican, last month urged federal prosecutors to investigate whether Clinton had committed perjury. They said some FBI findings about her email servers were at odds with her previous testimony to Congress about the matter, for example, her statement she had not sent or received information designated as classified. But the FBI, in a letter sent to the committee on Tuesday, said the fact that the agency had uncovered three instances in which Clinton had received emails containing “(C)” markings, which denote “confidential” information, was “not clear evidence of knowledge or intent” to mishandle such material. The letter, which accompanied the FBI’s investigative documents, noted relevant emails had been forwarded to Clinton by staff, lacked “header and footer markings” indicating the presence of classified information, and only one email was later determined by the State Department to contain classified information. Clinton’s fellow Democrats were scornful that Republicans were refusing to let the matter drop. “The FBI already determined unanimously that there is insufficient evidence of criminal wrongdoing,” said Representative Elijah Cummings, the top Democrat on the Oversight committee. “Republicans are now investigating the investigator in a desperate attempt to resuscitate this issue, keep it in the headlines, and distract from Donald Trump’s sagging poll numbers.”  
ABOARD USS RONALD REAGAN, Sea of Japan (Reuters) - The USS Ronald Reagan, a 100,000-ton nuclear powered aircraft carrier, patrolled in waters east of the Korean peninsula on Thursday, in a show of sea and air power designed to warn off North Korea from any military action. The U.S. Navy s biggest warship in Asia, with a crew of 5,000 sailors, sailed around 100 miles (160.93 km), launching almost 90 F-18 Super Hornet sorties from its deck, in sight of South Korean islands. It is conducting drills with the South Korean navy involving 40 warships deployed in a line stretching from the Yellow Sea west of the peninsula into the Sea of Japan.  The dangerous and aggressive behavior by North Korea concerns everybody in the world,  Rear Admiral Marc Dalton, commander of the Reagan s strike group, said in the carrier s hangar as war planes taxied on the flight deck above.  We have made it clear with this exercise, and many others, that we are ready to defend the Republic of Korea.   The Reagan s presence in the region, coupled with recent military pressure by Washington on Pyongyang, including B1-B strategic bomber flights over the Korean peninsula, comes ahead of President Donald Trump s first official visit to Asia, set to start in Japan on Nov. 5, with South Korea to follow. North Korea has slammed the warship gathering as a  rehearsal for war . It comes as senior Japanese, South Korean and U.S. diplomats meet in Seoul to discuss a diplomatic way forward backed up by U.N. sanctions.     The U.N. Security Council has unanimously ratcheted up sanctions on North Korea over its nuclear and ballistic missile programmes since 2006. The most stringent include a ban on coal, iron ore and seafood exports that aim at halting a third of North Korea s $3 billion of annual exports. On Monday, Kim In Ryong, North Korea s deputy U.N. envoy, told a U.N. General Assembly committee the Korean peninsula situation had reached a touch-and-go point and a nuclear war could break out at any moment.  A series of weapons tests by Pyongyang, including its sixth and most powerful nuclear test on Sept. 3 and two missile launches over Japan, has stoked tension in East Asia. A Russian who returned from a visit to Pyongyang has said the regime is preparing to test a missile it believes can reach the U.S. west coast. On Sunday, Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said President Donald Trump had instructed him to continue diplomatic efforts to defuse tension with North Korea.  Washington has not ruled out the eventual possibility of direct talks with the North to resolve the stand-off, U.S. Deputy Secretary of State John J. Sullivan said on Tuesday. 
Here is actor Robert John Davi s brilliant letter that exposes the utter hypocrisy of the left:
LONDON (Reuters) - A 20-year-old man appeared in court on Wednesday accused of plotting to kill British Prime Minister Theresa May by first detonating an explosive device to get into her Downing Street office. Naa imur Rahman, of north London, has been charged with preparing to commit acts of terrorism. He was remanded in custody after a brief appearance at Westminster Magistrates Court. Prosecutor Mark Carroll told the court Rahman planned to detonate an improvised explosive device at the gates of Downing Street and gain access to May s office in the ensuing chaos and kill her.  The secondary attack was to be carried out with a suicide vest, pepper spray and a knife,  he told the court. Rahman was carrying two inert explosive devices when he was arrested last week, the court heard.  His purpose was to attack, kill and cause explosions,  Carroll said. Rahman appeared with a co-defendant, 21-year-old Mohammed Imran, from Birmingham, who is also charged with preparing to commit acts of terrorism. Carroll said Imran was accused of trying to join the Islamic State militant group in Libya. Rahman and Imran gave no indication as to their plea so a not guilty plea was entered on their behalf. There was no application for bail. The men will appear at London s Old Bailey central criminal court on Dec. 20. No. 10 Downing Street is the official residence of British prime ministers. It is heavily guarded and there is a gate at the end of the street preventing members of the public from getting close to the house. In 1991, Irish Republican Army (IRA) militants launched a mortar bomb attack on No. 10. John Major, the prime minister at the time, was inside but not hurt. A Downing Street spokesman declined immediate comment on the case. 
James O Keefe of Project Veritas has used his incredible talents to go undercover and expose crooked organizations like ACORN and Planned Parenthood. During the 2016 election, O Keefe was able to expose the corrupt underbelly of the Democrat Party who used paid plants to incite violence at Trump rallies. O Keefe was also able to tie Barack Obama directly to their chief organizer. Of course, every major #FakeNews outlet completely ignored these horrific coordinated acts of violence against innocent Americans.Over the past several months, O Keefe has been releasing undercover videos he s used to expose the bias and unprofessional tactics used by  news  publications like the New York Times and now, the Washington Post.Today, the Washington Post attempted to embarrass O Keefe for allegedly setting a trap for them with a woman posing as a  Roy Moore  sexual assault accuser.After seeing the woman entering Project Veritas, The Post made the unusual decision to report her previous off-the-record comments. https://t.co/W05qDKlhl8 pic.twitter.com/Q0uJ9iaBoo  Washington Post (@washingtonpost) November 27, 2017Here s a video the Washington Post released on Twitter, of reporters from WaPo ambushing O Keefe at his Project Veritas office.The @washingtonpost attempts to ambush @Project_Veritas anticipating an imminent video release  pic.twitter.com/6UV2tOeiAS  James O'Keefe (@JamesOKeefeIII) November 27, 2017Many Twitter users wondered if the Washington Post was trying to cover up a bombshell that O Keefe was about to drop on the publication owned by billionaire Amazon founder Jeff Bezos?O Keefe tweeted a response to the Washington Post s videotaped ambush, warning everyone to fasten their seatbelts. Hitting export on hidden camera footage into Washington Post shortly. Project Veritas vs Bezos 100mm monopoly. Fasten your seatbelts. Hitting export on hidden camera footage into Washington Post shortly. Project Veritas vs Bezos 100mm monopoly. Fasten your seatbelts.  James O'Keefe (@JamesOKeefeIII) November 27, 2017Josh Caplan suggests that WaPo reporters who hounded O Keefe were panicked. Was the ambush on O Keefe by WaPo reporters over his alleged use of a plant disguised as a  Roy Moore accuser , simply a way to discredit O Keefe in advance of his expose on them?Panicked Reporters Stalk Project Veritas HQ As Rumors Swirl @JamesOKeefeIII Is Set To Expose Washington Posthttps://t.co/BV66enlqbq  Josh Caplan (@joshdcaplan) November 27, 2017BREAKING: Undercover video inside @washingtonpost shows National Security Correspondent @danlamothe and Director of Product @josephjames discussing WaPo's hidden agenda #AmericanPravda #ProjectVeritas Full: https://t.co/2002erd3ub pic.twitter.com/o4qi8DQyAz  James O'Keefe (@JamesOKeefeIII) November 27, 2017This video allegedly shows Amazon founder Jeff Bezos  direct influence in the Washington Post s newsroom:.@josephjames, who works closely with the Jeff Bezos at the Post, sheds light on Bezos's influence in the newsroom. pic.twitter.com/KJcUSCqO5F  James O'Keefe (@JamesOKeefeIII) November 28, 2017Washington Post s Dan LaMonthe calls out the New York Times and CNN for their bias in this video:Looks like @DanLamothe is a fan of our #AmericanPravda series. Here he is attacking #CNN and #NYT for their extreme bias against @realDonaldTrump. https://t.co/PHv7HPFhkQ @washingtonpost pic.twitter.com/p79fzIOc1T  Project Veritas (@Project_Veritas) November 28, 2017Here s another Dan LaMonthe video where he explains how the Washington Post works together to take down Trump following his tweets:WATCH: @washingtonpost reporter: "I can't tell you how many times we get an email at work: 'Oh did you see what (Trump) just tweeted? What are we gonna do about it?" Full video: https://t.co/2002erd3ub pic.twitter.com/OOOjE3kOx5  James O'Keefe (@JamesOKeefeIII) November 28, 2017Finally, Grant J. Kidney claims that Project Veritas just vindicated President Trump and his attack on the  Amazon Washington Post. Project Veritas just vindicated President Trump in his calling of the Washington Post, the  Amazon Washington Post .   pic.twitter.com/FNNhNFNaRg  GRANT J. KIDNEY   (@GrantJKidney) November 28, 2017
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Barack Obama urged President-elect Donald Trump on Wednesday to keep separate the issue of economic sanctions on Russia from the pursuit of talks to reduce nuclear stockpiles. Trump, who takes office on Friday after winning the Nov. 8 election, said in an interview with the Times of London published on Monday that he would propose offering to end sanctions on Moscow in return for a nuclear arms reduction deal. Obama’s administration imposed the sanctions in 2014 after Russia’s annexation of the Crimea peninsula from Ukraine.  “Russia continues to occupy Ukrainian territory and meddle in Ukrainian affairs,” Obama told reporters during his final news conference at the White House. “I think it would probably best serve, not only American interests, but also the interests of preserving international norms if we made sure that we don’t confuse why these sanctions have been imposed with a whole set of other issues,” he said. “It is important for the United States to stand up for the basic principal that big countries don’t go around and invade and bully smaller countries,” the Democratic president added. Trump, a Republican, has said he wants he wants to improve ties with Russia, despite allegations by U.S. intelligence agencies that Russian President Vladimir Putin ordered a cyber campaign to boost Trump’s campaign against Democrat Hillary Clinton. Moscow has denied the allegations. Obama worked on a nuclear arms control agreement with Moscow early in his presidency, resulting in the Strategic Arms Reduction Treaty signed in 2010. “I was prepared to go further, I told President Putin I was prepared to go further. They have been unwilling to negotiate,” Obama said, blaming Putin for “escalating anti-American rhetoric” and resuming what he called a Cold War-like “adversarial spirit.” Obama said a more “constructive relationship” with Russia would be a good goal. The United States and Russia are by far the world’s biggest nuclear powers. “If President-elect Trump is able to restart those talks in a serious way, I think there remains a lot of room for our two countries to reduce our stockpiles,” Obama said. 
Donald Trump seems to go out of his way to do exceedingly dumb things. It s almost as if he is doing them on purpose. On Friday, Trump s moronic action of the day was to break the law. Again. This time, with his Twitter account.Trump just couldn t wait to jump onto his favorite social media platform and brag about his great jobs report   not even for one measly hour to comply with the law. A mere 15 minutes after the job report was released, Trump was bragging about it on Twitter:Excellent Jobs Numbers just released   and I have only just begun. Many job stifling regulations continue to fall. Movement back to USA!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 4, 2017Here s the problem. According to a federal rule, executive branch officials have to wait one hour after this type of information is released before publicly commenting on it. The specific rule, the Office of Management and Budget s Statistical Policy Directive No. 3, has been in place since 1985 and states: Except for members of the staff of the agency issuing the principal economic indicator who have been designated by the agency head to provide technical explanations of the data, employees of the Executive Branch shall not comment publicly on the data until at least one hour after the official release time. Well, okay. Trump s a dumbass. We all know this. You can tell from his vocabulary that he isn t the brightest crayon in the box. So, maybe he just didn t know that he was supposed to keep his big mouth shut for a whopping 60 minutes? Yeah, well, no. He knew. We know he knew because his administration has gotten themselves in trouble before for breaking this very same rule in the very same way.Back in March, Sean Spicer was too excited to wait that hour when the February jobs report was released and couldn t stop himself from tweeting about it after only 22 minutes.Great news for American workers: economy added 235,000 new jobs, unemployment rate drops to 4.7% in first report for @POTUS Trump  Sarah Sanders (@PressSec) March 10, 2017And everybody cried foul when this happened five months ago, so it isn t like no one ever told them about this rule. They knew. Trump knew. He just didn t care because he is convinced that the rules don t apply to him.Featured image via Win McNamee/Getty Images
ABOARD AIR FORCE ONE (Reuters) - The White House said on Wednesday that it does not expect the government to shut down next month, but has contingency plans in place if the U.S. Congress fails to reach a deal on funding the government by a Dec. 8 deadline. “We are not anticipating a shutdown. We think that we’ll be able to work together. But the developments of the last 24 hours are discouraging,” White House spokesman Raj Shah told reporters traveling with Trump. Republicans control both chambers of the U.S. Congress, but their leaders will likely need to rely on at least some Democratic votes to pass the funding measure. “There are always contingencies in place. We hope it doesn’t get to that,” Shah said. Democratic leaders in Congress skipped a meeting with President Donald Trump on Tuesday that was expected to have been focused on the budget, raising the risk of a government shutdown next month with both sides far apart on the terms of an agreement. Senate Democratic Leader Chuck Schumer and Nancy Pelosi, the top Democrat in the House of Representatives, pulled out of the White House meeting because of a tweet that Trump sent earlier in the day attacking them as weak on illegal immigration and bent on raising taxes. Democrats have said they will demand help for young people brought to the United States illegally as children as part of their price for providing votes on the budget measure. 
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin on Sunday said one of the top goals of the Trump administration’s tax plan is to help the middle class, but he could not guarantee that every middle-class family would receive a tax cut. “It is our objective that the entire middle class will get a tax cut,” Mnuchin said on ABC’s “This Week” program. “You cannot make guarantees because every single person’s taxes are different, people take advantage of different things.” President Donald Trump last week outlined his plan, which includes reducing the corporate income tax rate to 20 percent, establishing a new 25 percent tax rate for pass-through businesses and lowering the top income tax rate for individuals to 35 percent. A report on Friday from the non-profit Washington-based Tax Policy Center found that taxpayers in the top 1 percent income bracket - above $730,000 - would receive about 50 percent of the total benefit from the overhaul, with their after-tax income forecast to increase an average of 8.5 percent. The group said about 12 percent of taxpayers would face an average tax increase of roughly $1,800. This includes more than a third of taxpayers making between about $150,000 and $300,000, as most itemized deductions, including for state and local taxes, would be repealed. Mnuchin and other Trump administration officials defended the plan, saying it is not aimed at helping the rich, while acknowledging the details were in flux. “The objective of the president is that rich people don’t get tax cuts,” Mnuchin said. “As we go through this process, we will explain to the American public how this works.”  Mnuchin was also asked on whether a proposed new rate of 25 percent for so-called pass-through businesses would end up being exploited by wealthy people looking to lower their tax bills. About 95 percent of American businesses are pass-throughs such as sole proprietorships, partnerships and S-corporations, according to the Brookings Institution, a Washington think tank. The name comes from the profits and losses of such businesses that pass through directly to their owners, unlike public corporations. Mnuchin said the administration would seek to put “guard rails” around rules for pass-throughs to avoid people using them as a loophole. White House Budget Director Mick Mulvaney told CNN’s “State of the Union” program: “This really is about the middle class and the corporate tax rate, for the president.” Gary Cohn, Trump’s top economic adviser, said no one knows how the plan would affect Americans because it has not been finalized.  “When people come out with these definitive statements of what the tax plan is going to do, or what the tax plan is not going to do, I find it hard to believe, because we don’t even know what the tax plan is going to look like in its entirety,” Cohn said on Fox News’ “Sunday Morning Futures” program. Mnuchin said the administration hoped to have the tax overhaul legislation passed in December. 
Godless heartless and without conscience .Senate Democrats have blocked the Pain-Capable Unborn Child Protection Act from moving forward in the Senate.The Pain-Capable Act needed 60 votes in order to invoke cloture, but failed Tuesday in a 54-42 vote.Sens. Joe Manchin, D-W.Va.; Bob Casey, D-Pa.; and Joe Donnelly, D-Ind., were the only Democrats to support the bill. Sens. Mark Kirk, R-Ill., and Susan Collins, R-Maine, broke with Republicans to oppose it. (See below how your senators voted.)Via: Daily Signal
The woman who wants to be the next Democrat candidate for president is doing exactly what Democrats do best these days, expressing their desire to harm anyone who holds an opposing political view. Oh, we know fake indian and US Senator Elizabeth Warren was only kidding when she told a crowd that she would like to  cut the Republicans open . After all, she s just pandering to her base. Isn t that how the majority of Democrats operate these days? Trash Trump suggest violence against his supporters then talk about how intolerant Republicans are.In a discussion about the repeal of Obamacare, Democrat Elizabeth Warren (who is famous for lying on her application to Harvard and University of Pennsylvania about having Cherokee and Delaware Indian heritage) mocked the Republicans attempt at offering Americans a better option than the horribly failed government controlled health care that Warren voted to support. I hope they leave their bodies to science. I would like to cut them open,  Warren said during an event in Chicago on Saturday. God, what planet do they live on?  Warren asked, before sharing her wish to cut open their bodies.Warren then told the crowd she hoped Republicans donated their bodies to science so she could  cut them open  when they died.Ladies and Gentlemen Introducing the the first  Native American  presidential candidate for 2020 The future face of the Democrat Party LOL!
After years of debate, the House on Thursday voted to repeal key parts of the Affordable Care Act and replace them with new provisions.The vote, which President Donald Trump was planning to tout as a big victory, sends the Republican-sponsored bill to gut Obamacare to the Senate for consideration.But winning approval for the bill could be even more difficult in the Senate than it has been in the House, where Republican leaders struggled for nearly two months to wrangle enough votes in their caucus to secure its passage.The bill passed by a vote of 217 to 213. All 193 Democrats voting opposed the bill; they were joined by 20 Republicans voting  no. A lot of us have waited seven years to case this vote,  House Speaker Paul Ryan, R-Wis., said shortly before the voting began.  Many of us are here because we pledged to cast this vote: to repeal and replace Obamacare. This bill delivers the promises we have made to the American people,  Ryan said.House Majority Whip Steve Scalise, R-La., told MSNBC shortly before the vote began,  We were elected to do this. After the vote, protesters outside the Capitol building yelled,  Shame, shame!  at members of Congress walking down the front steps.  CNBCWashington Free Beacon   One of the amendments, introduced by Rep. Tom MacArthur (R., N.J.), co-chair of the Tuesday Group, allows states to obtain a waiver from federal standards such as essential health benefits and community rating rules. This measure gained the support of House Freedom Caucus members, who said it will significantly lower health costs, even if it does not fully repeal Obamacare. The MacArthur amendment will grant states the ability to repeal cost driving aspects of Obamacare left in place under the original AHCA,  said the House Freedom Caucus.  While the revised version still does not fully repeal Obamacare, we are prepared to support it to keep our promise to the American people to lower health care costs. Another amendment, introduced by Rep. Fred Upton (R., Mich.) adds $8 billion to the Patient and State Stability Fund, which helps reduce premiums and out-of-pocket costs. This amendment would provide additional funding, $8 billion over five years, to ensure a strong safety net and reduce premiums, or other out-of-pocket costs, for those with preexisting conditions,  said Upton.Following the amendment, White House press secretary Sean Spicer said that the White House supported the measure and that President Trump has been working to ensure that Americans have more affordable care. Overall the efforts that were made, and especially the effort this morning with congressmen Long and Upton, help bring more people into this effort and make it even a stronger bill, and ensure that Americans have a health care system that gets them the care that they need at a price that s affordable,  Spicer said. The president has been on the phone constantly,  Spicer said.  I think we have made this an unbelievable bill and an unbelievable replacement for Obamacare, which is failing, and that s what we ve sought to do from the beginning. 
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Making a final push toward the crucial Super Tuesday vote, Super PACs backing Republican presidential candidate Ted Cruz bought $2.4 million in advertising supporting him in eight states, the groups told Reuters.  The ads purchased by Keep The Promise and its various offshoots include radio, television and online and are the latest effort by supporters of Cruz, a U.S. senator of Texas, to dislodge Donald Trump from the front-runner position in Tuesday’s critical 11-state Republican nominating contests. Should Trump sweep the contests, it could make stopping his path to the Republican nomination impossible. The outside groups supporting the presidential candidates have already spent more than $5.5 million on advertising in Super Tuesday states, according to analysis by Reuters of the spending reports filed with Federal Election Commission as of Friday morning.  Super PACs are permitted to raise unlimited amounts of money from individuals and corporations, but are prohibited from coordinating with the campaigns they are supporting. Most of the Super PACs have been used to fund expensive advertising budgets, while the campaigns themselves are responsible for staff and ground organization. Cruz’s backers are hopeful the ads will pull him ahead of Trump. Cruz is locked in a tight battle in his home state of Texas, where 155 delegates to be sent to the Republican National Convention are at stake, out of almost 600 delegates total in the states voting on Super Tuesday.  “On Super Tuesday, voters can both send a message to Washington AND send a serious, proven conservative to the White House by voting for Cruz,” said Kellyanne Conway, president of Keep the Promise I, one of the groups backing Cruz. The groups spent $393,500 on radio ads in seven states. They also purchased more than $990,0000 in television ads that will run in Georgia, Alabama, Tennessee, Arkansas and Oklahoma - the most crucial states for Cruz to narrow the margins with Trump.  The groups also spent $1 million on digital ads in eight states, including Minnesota, where so far none of the outside groups have bought advertising.  (Reporting by Ginger Gibson; Editing by Leslie Adler) This article was funded in part by SAP. It was independently created by the Reuters editorial staff. SAP had no editorial involvement in its creation or production.
Fox News Senior Judicial Analyst Judge Andrew Napolitano discusses whether it s unlawful for the U.S. to pay Iran $400 million as ransom. 
With the nation focused on anti-LGBT  religious liberty  battles, a Mississippi landlord has done something that brings focus back to one of our nation s prior fights over  religious liberty    the right to discriminate against interracial couples. In 2011, a poll taken among Republicans in the Red state of Mississippi revealed that a shocking 46 percent of them want to ban interracial marriages outright.In 1946, then-Mississippi Governor Theodore Bilbo wrote that [p]urity of race is a gift of God   And God, in his infinite wisdom, has so ordained it that when man destroys his racial purity, it can never be redeemed  and that God  was the original segregationist.  He may be dead, and African-Americans may have rights now  (including the freedom to marry anyone they choose) that they did not have when Bilbo was in charge, but his spirit lives on in RV park landlord Gene Baker, who admitted over the weekend that he evicted an interracial couple simply because they were an interracial couple. Me and my husband, not ever in 10 years have we experienced any problem,  said Erica Flores Dunahoo, who is Hispanic and Native American.  Nobody s given us dirty looks. This is our first time.  Her husband, a former National Guardsman of more than a decade, is black   something that bothers the racist landlord s friends, neighbors, and church.In February, Dunahoo and her husband, Standley Hoskins, and their two children were set to move into an RV sace to save money and  get our life on track,  the lighter half of the interracial couple explained. On February 28, she gave Baker a check for $275 to pay for a month s rent. This should have been the end of it   she paid her rent and inexchange she should have been allowed to stay. In fact, there were no problems that first day. He was real nice,  she said.  He invited me to church and gave me a hug. I bragged on him to my family. Unfortunately, the next morning, Baker called her, fuming:Dunahoo told him that she didn t realize it would be a problem. It is, after all, 2016. Oh, it s a big problem with the members of my church, my community and my mother-in-law, Baker told her.  They don t allow that black and white shacking. We re not shacking. We re married,  she replied, but Baker would have none of it, explaining that  it s the same thing. You don t talk like you wouldn t be with no black man,  the church-going  Christian  continued.  If you would had come across like you were with a black man, we wouldn t have this problem right now. Dunahoo explained that her husband is not a  thug,  and told Baker of his distinguished and lengthy service to our country, but that didn t matter to the landlord. All he saw was black. He returned the $275 and forced them to leave. They took refuge at another RV park, where rent is higher   $325 a month.Baker maintains that he is not a racist, telling the Clarion-Ledger that he only refused to provide a space to the couple because of the issues members of his church and community had with a black man and a light-skinned woman shacking.  He even says they would be welcome to attend his church. They just could not be members, because the church does not believe in interracial marriage.To avoid future issues, he plans to completely close his RV park down just in case he ever encounters another interracial couple who wishes to rent a space: I m closing it down, and that solves the problem. Recently, the Mississippi state Senate passed a  religious liberty  bill allowing businesses to deny service to the LGBT community   just like they used to do (and some individuals currently still do) with interracial couples.Hate is hate   and unfortunately the state of Mississippi is full of it, apparently.Watch a report on this blatant and unabashed act of discrimination below:Featured image via screengrab
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A budget plan crucial to President Donald Trump’s hopes for large-scale tax cuts looked set for a close vote in the U.S. House of Representatives on Thursday after some Republicans vowed opposition in an effort to protect a popular tax break. The rebellious faction is resisting a proposal to eliminate a federal deduction for state and local income taxes, which would hit middle-class voters in high-tax states like New York, New Jersey and California.      The idea is one of several that have been floated as Republicans craft a tax-cut plan. The budget blueprint, which has already been approved by the Senate, is central to their efforts to push tax legislation through Congress in the face of staunch opposition from Democrats. The proposal “is obviously an issue of concern to a group of members, and the shared goal is to work together to address the issue and move forward,” an aide to House Majority Whip Steve Scalise said on Wednesday. With the clock ticking toward a vote, the impasse had yet to be settled. Republican lawmakers had planned to meet in House Speaker Paul Ryan’s office at 9 p.m. to try to hammer out a resolution, but the meeting was postponed until after the budget vote, which was set for 10:30 a.m. (1430 GMT). Republican Representative Tom MacArthur of New Jersey told reporters it was possible there were enough votes to block the budget plan. “It’s got to be close,” he said. Scalise predicted victory. “We’re going to get it done,” he told Fox News Channel. Republicans have sketched out a tax package that independent analysts say would cut taxes for businesses and individuals by up to $6 trillion over the next decade, but detailed legislation is not expected to be unveiled until next week. If Congress approves a tax-cut plan, it would hand Trump his first major legislative win since he took office in January. “I am urging Republicans who have questions about SALT (the state and local tax deduction) to vote no tomorrow, and keep voting no until we get some compromise we can live with,” Republican Representative Peter King of New York told Reuters. An aide to Republican Representative Tom Reed of New York said there was discussion of a compromise that would call for a tax credit up to a certain income amount to replace the deduction, and that he would support it. Republican Representative Leonard Lance of New Jersey told Reuters he was not interested in a compromise at this time, and instead wanted the repeal provision taken off the table. “I will be voting no on the budget tomorrow,” he said. 
GOMA, Democratic Republic of Congo (Reuters) - Militants attacked two military bases in northeastern Democratic Republic of Congo on Monday, killing two U.N. peacekeepers and injuring several others, the U.N. mission and the army said. The mission, known as MONUSCO, said it had deployed attack helicopters in response to the raid, and the army said it was battling militants along the main road leading from North Kivu province s Beni territory to the Uganda border. The fighting, which began this weekend, is a fresh outbreak of violence for a region plagued by ethnic tensions and massacres that killed more than 800 people between 2014-2016. Gunmen believed to belong to the Allied Democratic Forces (ADF), a Ugandan Islamist group active near the border, attacked a U.N. peacekeeping base in the village of Mamundioma, over 30 km (20 miles) northeast of Beni, MONUSCO said in a statement.  This region has seen more than enough violence already,  mission chief Maman Sidikou said.  I reiterate to all these armed groups who continue to threaten and kill civilians, MONUSCO will respond, and it will respond strongly.  Army spokesman Mak Hazukay said the attacks were carried out simultaneously and hit a U.N. base housing Tanzanian peacekeepers who formed part of an intervention brigade which has a mandate to conduct offensive operations against militants. Hazukay said later that U.N. helicopters were shelling rebel positions inside Virunga National Park as Congolese troops fought to recover a stretch of road from the rebels.  ADF is believed by authorities to have ambushed and killed many civilians nearby this weekend after a lull in attacks against civilians near Beni this year.  Omar Kavota, who leads an organization that monitors violence in North Kivu, said ADF fighters killed at least three civilians on Saturday by slitting their throats and took another 19 hostages. MONUSCO said that according to initial reports, up to 20 civilians were killed. Congolese authorities have blamed the ADF for nearly all the massacres between 2014-2016. However, independent and U.N. experts say several armed groups as well as national army commanders have been involved. 
Mack Beggs, the transgender wrestler from Euless Trinity High School, is halfway home to capturing the Class 6A state girls wrestling championship in the 110-pound weight class.Beggs dismantled two opponents on Friday s opening day, earning a major decision over League City Clear Spring s Taylor Latham 18-7 and then improving his season record to 54-0 with a major decision over Mya Engert of Amarillo Tascosa 12-4.Both of Beggs  opponents managed to avoid being pinned, but neither provided enough resistance to make the match close at the UIL Wrestling State Tournament.Beggs advanced to Saturday s 10:30 a.m. semifinal against area rival Kailyn Clay of Grand Prairie. Beggs defeated Clay in the semifinals of last week s regional tournament in Allen.For the most part, Friday s action was routine despite the sudden swirling controversy around Beggs, whose gender transition from female to male became a news story after the regional tournament.At the regional tournament, two wrestlers forfeited rather than grapple with Beggs. One, Coppell s Madeline Rocha, who had already qualified for state, lost her opening-round match Friday in Cypress.After losing to Beggs, who has has been on testosterone treatments since October 2015, Engert left the mat in tears and her coach tersely declined an interview request for her wrestler. Many of the coaches have said they re not upset at Beggs, but just the predicament of their girls having to wrestle against an athlete on testosterone.Conservative British actress and talk radio host Katie Hopkins is not one to shy away from a controversy. After reading about a  trans  high school student who takes regular testosterone treatments, beating non-testosterone enhanced females, she tweeted this brutal response:You want to be a boy. And are still prepared to fight girls. Forgive me if I don't applaud. Nasty narcissist. https://t.co/feLK1YqPuO  Katie Hopkins (@KTHopkins) February 25, 2017Watch the video of  trans  student Mac Beggs wrestling a non-enhanced female student:But at least one wrestling parent, Patti Overstreet, yelled  cheater  at Beggs. Look at how beefed up she is,  Overstreet said.  It s because she s taking an enhancement. Whether she s a boy, girl, wants to be purple or blue it doesn t matter. When you re using a drug and you re 10 times stronger than the person you re wrestling because of that drug, that shouldn t be allowed. One athletic director watching the action, who asked for his name not to be used because of the sensitivity of the issue, said he believes  there is cause for concern because of the testosterone,  adding,  I think there is a benefit.  Star Telegram
Every single time Donald Trump makes an absurd statement, his supporters rush in to explain what the president-elect really meant. This country will be led by a man who doesn t know how to communicate. According to a member of the transition team, Trump should be taken symbolically, not literally. Well, that s just great.MSNBC host Stephanie Ruhle pressed aide Anthony Scaramucci on why Trump hasn t held a news conference since July 27th and the president-elect canceled one scheduled for December 15th.Scaramucci suggested that Trump canceled the news conference because  he s a very precise, very detail-oriented guy  who wants to have  all of the answers to all of the types of questions that s he s gonna get thrown,  according to Politico. Hold on. If he s a detail-oriented guy, then how does this statement that we ve been hearing for months   don t take him literally, take him seriously   make sense?  Ruhle asked.  Because that s sort of the opposite. Then Scaramucci blamed the media. You should definitely take him seriously because he s a man of his word, but I do think that some of the things that happens with the media is when he s sending out tweets or he s speaking in a certain way that sets the hair on fire of the nation s media   particularly the left-leaning media   I think his supporters see that more as symbolism and a rejection of sort of that egg and tomato throwing that he s experienced from June of 2015 when he announced his campaign,  he said.Scaramucci said  some people out there that do get a little crazy with the president-elect.  Well, if he d stop putting terrifying creatures in that swamp, maybe people would calm down a little. Just a suggestion.Ruhle shot back saying that Trump puts information out there but doesn t answer questions.Trump is  the most scrutinized person in the world,  Scaramucci said.  And so [as] a result of which, when that press conference comes, my guess is he s gonna have nine and 10 derivative-like questions, and he just wants to be ready for it. And that s why he delayed it, which I think is a sign of his great temperament and very good judgment. Watch: If that were true, Trump would be able to refrain from attacking people on Twitter. That does not display a  great temperament  or  good judgement.  His own aide is suggesting that Trump isn t prepared for the job. And if we take Trump  symbolically,  that kind of sucks, too. He s the hero of every white supremacist group across the board.Image via screen capture. 
ANKARA (Reuters) - Turkish security forces detained 1,210 people over the last week for suspected links to militant groups or last year s failed coup, the interior ministry said on Monday.  A total of 947 of those were detained for suspected links to the network of U.S.-based Muslim cleric Fethullah Gulen, whom Ankara holds responsible for a failed coup in July last year. Gulen denies any involvement. Another 205 were detained for suspected ties to the Kurdistan Workers  Party (PKK), which has carried out a separatist insurgency against Turkey for three decades. More than 40,000 people have been killed in the conflict. Forty-nine people were detained over alleged links to Islamic State and nine others more were held for suspected ties to  leftist terrorist groups , the ministry said. Following the July 2016 coup, Turkey has arrested more than 50,000 people and sacked or suspended more than 150,000 in the military, civil service and private sector. 
RIYADH (Reuters) - Saudi Arabian women rejoiced at their new freedom to drive on Wednesday, with some taking to the roads even though licenses will not be issued for nine months. Hundreds of others chatted with hiring managers at a Riyadh job fair, factoring in the new element in their career plans: their ability to drive themselves to work.  Saudi Arabia will never be the same again. The rain begins with a single drop,  Manal al-Sharif, who was arrested in 2011 after a driving protest, said in an online statement.      King Salman announced the historic change on Tuesday, ending a conservative tradition which limited women s mobility and was seen by rights activists as an emblem of their suppression. Saudi Arabia was the only remaining country in the world to bar women from driving. At the jobs fair, Sultana, 30, said she had received four job offers since graduating from law school two years ago but turned them down because of transport issues.  My parents don t allow me to use Uber or Careem, so one of my brothers or the driver would need to take me,  she said, referring to dial-a ride companies.  I m so excited to learn how to drive. This will be a big difference for me. I will be independent. I won t need a driver. I can do everything myself.  She plans to start taking driving lessons when her family travels abroad for vacation. Other women weren t waiting. Internet videos showed a handful of women driving cars overnight, even though the ban has not been officially lifted. The move represents a big crack in the laws and social mores governing women in the conservative Muslim kingdom. The guardianship system requires women to have a male relative s approval for most decisions on education, employment, marriage, travel plans and even medical treatment. The new initiative recalls previous modernizing milestones that unnerved conservatives at first but were eventually accepted, such as the 1960s start of state education for girls and the introduction of television. The decree is expected to boost the fortunes of 32-year-old Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman, who has ascended to the heights of power in the kingdom with an ambitious domestic reform program and assertive foreign policy. A muted response from Saudi s clergy, which has long backed the ban, suggested power shared between the Al Saud dynasty and the Wahhabi religious establishment could be shifting decisively in favor of the royals. Many younger Saudis regard Prince Mohammed s ascent as evidence their generation is taking a central place in running a country whose patriarchal traditions have for decades made power the province of the old and blocked women s progress. Sharif, the activist, described the driving ban s removal  as  just the start to end long-standing unjust laws (that) have always considered Saudi women minors who are not trusted to drive their own destiny.  A driving instructor at a government-run center said women called all day to inquire about registering a license, but he had received no instructions yet from the government. Um Faisal, a mother of six, said her daughters would get licenses as soon as possible.  Years ago, there wasn t work outside the house. But today women need to get out and go places. This generation needs to drive,  she said, clad in a long black abaya. The Saudi ambassador to Washington said on Tuesday women would not need their guardians  permission to get a license, nor to have a guardian in the car when driving. In a country where gender segregation has been strictly enforced for decades in keeping with the austere Wahhabi form of Sunni Islam, the decree means women will have regular contact with unrelated men, such as fellow drivers and traffic police. Other rules have loosened recently, with the government sponsoring concerts deemed un-Islamic by clerics, allowing women into a large sports stadium for the first time and permitting them to dance beside men in a central Riyadh street over the weekend. Amnesty International welcomed the decree as  long overdue  but said there was still a range of discriminatory laws and practices that needed to be overturned. That risks inflaming tensions with influential Wahhabi clerics with whom the ruling Al Saud has enjoyed a close strategic alliance since the kingdom s founding.  The state-backed Council of Religious Scholars expressed support for the king s decree. Grand Mufti Sheikh Abdulaziz Al al-Sheikh, who has repeatedly opposed women working and driving and said letting them into politics may mean  opening the door to evil , has yet to comment. Some Islamist clerics are currently in detention in Saudi Arabia following an apparent crackdown on potential opponents of the kingdom s rulers this month. Bernard Haykel, professor of Near East studies at Princeton University, said the driving announcement may help explain that.   They might have raised a storm against the government by mobilizing opposition in the name of religion. They have been stymied,  he said.  Still, some men expressed outrage at the about-face by prominent clerics, who in the past have sometimes justified the driving ban by saying women s brains are too small or that driving endangered their ovaries.  Whoever says this is permitted is a sinner. Women driving means great evils and this makes them especially sinful,  one Twitter user wrote. Kawthar al-Arbash, a member of the Shura Council, a government advisory body, acknowledged that resistance, saying:  That s how things go. Everything new is accompanied by fears.  
BRUSSELS (Reuters) - France and Germany edged toward achieving a 70-year-old ambition to integrate European defenses on Monday, signing a pact with 21 other EU governments to fund, develop and deploy armed forces after Britain s decision to quit the bloc. First proposed in the 1950s and long resisted by Britain, European defense planning, operations and weapons development now stands its best chance in years as London steps aside and the United States pushes Europe to pay more for its security. Foreign and defense ministers gathered at a signing ceremony in Brussels to represent 23 EU governments joining the pact, paving the way for EU leaders to sign it in December.  Those governments will for the first time legally bind themselves into joint projects as well as pledging to increase defense spending and contribute to rapid deployments.  Today we are taking a historic step,  Germany s Foreign Minister Sigmar Gabriel told reporters.  We are agreeing on the future cooperation on security and defense issues ... it s really a milestone in European development,  he said. The pact includes all EU governments except Britain, which is leaving the bloc, Denmark, which has opted out of defense matters, Ireland, Portugal and Malta. Traditionally neutral Austria was a late addition to the pact.   Paris originally wanted a vanguard of EU countries to bring money and assets to French-led military missions and projects, while Berlin has sought to be more inclusive, which could reduce effectiveness. Its backers say that if successful, the formal club of 23 members will give the European Union a more coherent role in tackling international crises and end the kind of shortcomings seen in Libya in 2011, when European allies relied on the United States for air power and munitions. Unlike past attempts, the U.S.-led NATO alliance backs the project, aiming to benefit from stronger militaries. The club will be backed by a 5-billion-euro defense fund for buying weapons, a special fund to finance operations and money from the EU s common budget for defense research. Members will also be required to submit national plans and be subject to a review system identifying weak spots in European armies with the goal of plugging those gaps together. Many governments say Russia s seizure of Ukraine s Crimea in 2014 was a turning point, after years of defense spending cuts that left Europe without vital capabilities.   This is a commitment for countries to do better together,  French Foreign Minister Jean-Yves Le Drian said.  It comes at a time of significant tension,  he said, referring indirectly to Russia s rising military reach and Islamic militants who have attacked European cities. Despite an Anglo-French-led EU defense integration effort in 1998, Britain blocked formal collaboration on military matters, wary of the creation of an EU army. Defense integration was revived by France and Germany, with support from Italy and Spain, in a show of unity after Britons voted to leave the EU in June 2016. The EU had struggled in military and humanitarian missions in the Balkans, Libya and in Africa over the past 20 years and were caught off guard by Russia s Crimea annexation. As the EU initiative, known as Permanent Structured Cooperation, has gained momentum, British officials have been pressing for involvement. Britain s aerospace industry and its biggest defense firm BAE Systems (BAES.L) fear losing out, diplomats said.  British Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson likened London s support to Gothic architecture, saying:  We are there, like a flying buttress to support the cathedral,  he told reporters.  In a possible compromise, Britain may be able to join in, but only on an exceptional basis if it provides substantial funds and expertise. 
After reporter and model, Leeann Tweeden accused Franken of writing a sketch where he d come at her for a kiss, but she planned to turn away to get more laughs. After he allegedly insisted on rehearsing the moment, she said he  came at me, put his hand on the back of my head, mashed his lips against mine and aggressively stuck his tongue in my mouth.  She added it left her feeling  disgusted and violated.  Tweeden also shared a photo of Franken grabbing her breasts while she slept on a cargo plane following the event.  I felt violated all over again. Embarrassed. Belittled. Humiliated. It s very disappointing to hear this about Al Franken. He was a very funny comedian at this time, he s a Senator from Minnesota, he s a great advocate for women and other,  Joy Behar said.Yeah, Joy, tell us how hilarious Al Franken really is, I m sure women all over America are dying to hear about what a cut-up you think the pervert/comedian/elected (barely) lawmaker is.The conversation between The View hags took on a more serious tone for a moment, and for a brief moment, the viewers were given the opportunity to see women who cared more about other women than about politics, but it was only for a brief moment. Shortly after rabid, leftist, co-host, Sonny Hostin read Franken s apology, she attempted to get assurance from her fellow hags that everything was okay because Franken apologized? It took all of 1 second for not funny  comedian  and GROPER extraordinaire, Joy Behar to start asking,  What about Trump?  Meghan McCain was quick to remind the hag hosts of The View that it s not about Trump. Co-host Sunny Hostin was quick to turn the conversation back to Donald Trump, saying,  I mean we heard the Access Hollywood tape. 
If Donald Trump were a smart man, he d be doing everything he possibly could to woo New Mexico Governor Susana Martinez who has not yet thrown her support behind him. She is the perfect GOP poster woman    tough  on crime, anti-immigration, pro-corporate tax cuts, opposes Obamacare, and she is anti-gay marriage. However, instead of doing what a typical candidate would do and trying to win Governor Martinez over with his plans for the future, Trump has chosen to attack and bully an endorsement out of her.During a rally in Albuquerque, New Mexico on Tuesday night, the presumptive Republican nominee slammed the governor to his vapid supporters: We have got to get your governor to get going. She s got to do a better job. Okay? Your governor has got to do a better job. She s not doing the job. Hey! Maybe I ll run for governor of New Mexico. I ll get this place going. She s not doing the job. We ve got to get her moving. Come on: Let s go, governor. Trump went on to say, Syrian refugees are being relocated in large numbers to New Mexico. If I was governor, that wouldn t be happening. LIES!First of all, Governor Martinez is one of those Republicans who has no interest in helping Syrian refugees. She believes that the government doesn t vet refugees; basically, she has no idea what she is talking about. Because of her lack of education on how resettlement works, her state is not very welcoming. In fact, the Refugee Processing Center reports only ten Syrian refugees have been settled in New Mexico since 2011, the year Martinez assumed office.TEN. That s the  large number  of Syrians Trump is talking about.So, the question of the day is: Did Trump s speech convince the governor to support him?Not even a little.Martinez spokesman Mike Lonergan issued a statement responding to Trump s criticism: Apparently, Donald Trump doesn t realize Governor Martinez wasn t elected in 2000, that she has fought for welfare reform, and has strongly opposed the President s Syrian refugee plan. But the pot shots weren t about policy, they were about politics. And the Governor will not be bullied into supporting a candidate until she is convinced that candidate will fight for New Mexicans. Governor Martinez doesn t care about what Donald Trump says about her   she cares about what he says he will do to help New Mexicans. She didn t hear anything about that today. Good for her. I may disagree nearly all of Governor Martinez s policies but at least she isn t going to allow a misogynistic jackass bully her into submission.Featured image via Mark Lyons/Getty Images
A Trump sign-stealer gets a verbal beatdown and discovers he s actually a Trump supporter! Bahaha! 
SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Democrats in California’s state Senate announced on Tuesday a series of infrastructure funding bills that would invest billions in roads, bridges, housing and water projects. Infrastructure investment has been at the forefront of political agendas this year, from President-elect Donald Trump’s promise to unveil a massive national infrastructure spending plan to voters’ support of billions of dollars of infrastructure bonds in November’s election. Both Trump and his rival, Hillary Clinton, campaigned promising infrastructure investment. Trump called for $1 trillion in infrastructure spending over 10 years, but it remains unclear how much would come from the federal budget. Democrats in the California Senate proposed five bills on Tuesday, including one that would use $6 billion a year over the next decade to repair roads and bridges and improve transit systems across the state.  According to the proposal, the bulk of the money is to be raised through a phased-in 12 cent per gallon gas tax increase, along with increases to the diesel excise tax and vehicle registration fees. California’s freeway system faces a $59 billion maintenance shortfall over the next decade and local governments face another $78 billion shortfall for local highways and bridges. The need for infrastructure funding is echoed across the country.  “Our transportation infrastructure is in dire condition. The longer we wait to fix it, the more it will cost us,” State Senator Jim Beall of San Jose and sponsor of the transportation bill, said in a statement. Two housing bills raise money for affordable housing, one of them through a $75 fee on real estate transaction documents. California is home to 21 of the 30 most expensive rental housing markets in the country, and many parts of the state face serious housing shortages. Another bill proposes to issue a $3 billion general obligation bond aimed at addressing the housing stock shortage. Senator Toni Atkins of San Diego, sponsor of one of the housing bills, said infrastructure was “at the top of the list” of challenges facing California, and Tuesday’s package of bills would “go a long way toward improving quality of life for Californians and grow our state’s economy.” Another bill would fund state and local parks and water infrastructure through a $3 billion general obligation bond. Despite recent rains, California is in the fifth year of  drought. In 2014, state voters passed a $7.5 billion bond to fund water infrastructure projects throughout California.  Senate leader Kevin de León of Los Angeles, sponsor of Tuesday’s bill, noted that there is still “a high unmet demand for new water and natural resource investment.” 
(Reuters) - Former FBI Director James Comey, who was fired by U.S. President Donald Trump, has signed a deal for a book on leadership and decision-making that will come out in spring 2018, the publisher said on Wednesday. The book deal with Macmillan’s Flatiron Books comes three months after Comey’s firing raised questions about whether Trump tried to interfere with the Federal Bureau of Investigation’s probe into Russia’s alleged meddling with the U.S. presidential election.  Russia denies any interference, and Trump has denied collusion with Russia and interfering with the investigation. The book, which has not yet been given a title, will discuss “what good, ethical leadership looks like and how it drives sound decisions,” Bob Miller, president of Macmillan’s Flatiron Books, said in a statement on Wednesday. Flatiron won the rights to the book after an auction and did not immediately respond to a request for comment.  In addition to reflections on Comey’s interactions with Trump this year, the book will feature anecdotes from his role in leading an investigation into the use of a private email server by Democrat Hillary Clinton during her 2016 presidential campaign.  Comey’s announcement that the FBI was reopening the Clinton email investigation days before the November election led to accusations by some Democrats that he was unfairly influencing the outcome. The FBI eventually closed the probe without taking any action. 
Time to exhale James Barack Obama supporter James Taylor doesn t just think the U.S. president is great   he believes Obama is the greatest of all-time. I ve been watching politics since (Dwight) Eisenhower and Adlai Stevenson, when dinosaurs roamed the Earth, and Obama is my favorite, favorite president,  Taylor said in an interview Wednesday.  I am just thankful for every day that he s in office. I am so proud that he represents my country and I think he represents me   I think he represents the America that I know. Taylor, 67, is a recipient of the National Medal of Arts. The pop icon performed  America the Beautiful  at Obama s second inauguration in 2013. I had a really tough time during the Cheney-Bush years, I did, and I had a hard time accepting that that administration represented me because I don t think they did,  Taylor said.The Rock and Roll Hall of Famer also called Obama s family  precious  and said he appreciates the U.S. leader because he s  sane  and  balanced. He promised to give us a health care system, it s a work in progress, but he has put us on a road to that,  Taylor said.  I m so grateful for what he s done for gay rights and for the emancipation of gay people. Particularly from my point of view, I think that was so overdue and so important, and so important for America to be ahead of the curve on this. Taylor criticized Congress in Obama s defense. I ve never seen a Congress that has been so obstructive and so contrary and so committed to doing anything that will foul up this administration. I just think it s an absolute scandal that he has had so little cooperation,  he said.  So anyway, you hit a nerve and I ll go on forever. But I ll just say it a third time: Every day that Barack Obama and Michelle Obama are in the White House is a day that I am thankful for. Obama isn t the only politician Taylor is supporting: The singer said he s on the Hillary Rodham Clinton train, too. And aside from the fact that she s a woman running, she s the right person.   The whole point   black or white, male or female, gay or straight, Christian, Jewish, Muslim, atheist   it doesn t matter what these other connections are,  he said.  Our country needs to come together and the question is,  Is this public servant someone who will bring us together?  And I think she is. Taylor will release a new album,  Before This World,  on June 16, and will perform a concert for SiriusXM at The Apollo in New York City on the same day. He will also launch a U.S. tour in July.Via: AP News
WASHINGTON, D.C.   May Day is the day for commies to come out in force The Antifa thugs are proudly marching for communism but when a journalist asked why they were carrying a North Korean flag, this happened:Jack Posobiec Attacked by Antifa   Uses Reasonable Force for Self Defense https://t.co/1HQ606sJBt  Jack Posobiec   (@JackPosobiec) May 1, 2017 Attacked again Assaulted by Antifa again and I defended myself #MayDay2017 pic.twitter.com/3DDqK1nAYn  Jack Posobiec   (@JackPosobiec) May 1, 2017The Antifa medics say  We expect violence Antifa yells "Can I get a shoutout on 4chan!" #MayDay2017 pic.twitter.com/QNA8qxULt7  Jack Posobiec   (@JackPosobiec) May 1, 2017The hate for America is big! The sign below says:  SMASH THE STATE AMERICA WAS NEVER GREAT Antifa just can t help but be violent   they have proven to be total thugs! They even sell knives on their website! They were successful in threatening the city of Portland until they shut down a traditional parade:PORTLAND ANTIFA SHUTS DOWN TRADITIONAL PARADE:The irony in this entire cancellation of a tradition in Portland, Oregon is that now the Antifa (Anti Fascists) have pissed off the more moderate lefties. One group was going to speak at the parade event against white supremacy but now they won t get the chance. It s turning out that the Antifa group is more violent than any other radical group we ve known. They re even selling knives on their website!  A threatening email has derailed one of the Portland Rose Festival s signature events, and spurred new debate about the ongoing political protests in Portland.Organizers of the 82nd Avenue of Roses Parade announced Tuesday that the event will be canceled, for fear that the east Portland parade could be disrupted by  the type of riots which happen in downtown Portland.  (see video below)Originally scheduled this Saturday, April 29, the parade is meant to highlight the local community and businesses along Southeast 82nd Avenue, aiming to turn around the negative perception many people have of the area. It started in 2007 and has since become a popular event on the Rose Festival calendar.This year s parade was once again set to feature the Multnomah County Republican Party as one of the many groups slated to march, but that inclusion drew ire from some of the city s left-leaning protest groups.At least two protests were planned for the day of the parade, one by Oregon Students Empowered and another by Direct Action Alliance. Both events were mentioned in an email sent to parade organizers on Saturday, threatening to shut down the event with hundreds of protesters in the street. You have seen how much power we have downtown and that the police cannot stop us from shutting down roads so please consider your decision wisely,  the anonymous email said, telling organizers they could cancel the Republican group s registration or else face action from protesters.  This is non-negotiable. The parade is organized by the 82nd Avenue of Roses Business Association, a part of the neighborhood business organization Venture Portland. Representatives from neither organization returned calls for comment.The cancelation isn t necessarily a win for the protest groups. Jacob Bureros, an organizer with the Direct Action Alliance, said the organization   which intended to speak out against fascism and white supremacy during the parade   is sad to hear the news. We are disappointed that the parade was canceled,  he said.  We re members of this community and this is an awesome parade. James Buchal, chairman of the Multnomah County Republican Party, said his group was ready to march despite the protesters. He said the party had no hand in cancelling the event, and was taken by surprise when they heard the news. After seeing the email last weekend, they had no plans to back out. We weren t willing to just walk away quietly,  he said.  The next thing we knew the whole thing was canceled. The problem is the police said they couldn t offer additional security for the parade so the organizers backed out. We know the Portland Police Department can move to stop this type of activity.Check out this recent shut down of protesters blocking a bus in downtown Portland:Portland protesters were doing the usual idiotic tactic of blocking the street and not letting traffic proceed What they didn t realize is that the police aren t taking this anymore Watch the takedown of these punks Awesome!Check out the lady with the thumbs up! Haha! Read more: Oregon Live
BERLIN (Reuters) - German Chancellor Angela Merkel said on Friday an attack by the United States on a Syrian airbase from which it said a chemical weapons attack was launched this week was understandable given the Syrian people’s suffering. “The attack of the United States is understandable given the dimension of the war crimes, given the suffering of innocent people, and given the blockage in the U.N. Security Council,” Merkel said. She described the strikes as “limited and targeted”. 
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Trump administration officials will likely meet in May to reach a final decision on whether the United States should stay in the Paris climate deal, after holding an initial meeting on Thursday at the White House, an administration source said. The group of advisers, which includes Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, Energy Secretary Rick Perry, and national security adviser H.R. McMaster, was on track to make the decision before a Group of Seven summit on May 26, the source said. President Donald Trump made canceling the Paris agreement part of his 100-day plan for energy policy. He later said he was open to staying in the pact if Washington got better terms.  Tillerson, the former head of Exxon Mobil Corp  and Perry have said the country should remain in the agreement. McMaster shares that view, a source outside the administration said.  Opponents of the pact include Environmental Protection Agency chief Scott Pruitt, the former attorney general of oil-producing Oklahoma, and White House chief strategist Steve Bannon. Nearly 200 countries struck the Paris agreement to limit climate change by cutting carbon dioxide emissions and making investments in clean energy. Many companies such as BP Plc  and Microsoft Corp have urged the United States to stay in the agreement to protect their competitiveness. In addition, a group of nine Republican lawmakers urged Trump to stick to the pact, but to weaken the U.S. pledge to cut greenhouse gas emissions. Representative Kevin Cramer of oil-producing North Dakota and eight other Republican House of Representatives members sent a letter to Trump urging him to use the country’s “seat at the Paris table to defend and promote our commercial interest, including our manufacturing and fossil fuel sectors.”  If the United States is to stay in the 2015 agreement, Washington should present a new emissions cutting pledge that “does no harm to our economy,” said the letter from Cramer, who advised Trump on energy and climate during his presidential campaign. Trump’s Democratic predecessor, Barack Obama, had pledged a 26 percent to 28 percent cut in U.S. greenhouse gas emissions from 2005 levels, by 2025. Most scientists say the world needs to curb greenhouse gas emissions to limit the effects of climate change, including rising seas, deadly heatwaves, and severe storms and droughts. The Republican lawmakers also said Washington should retain its seat on the Green Climate Fund, which aims to tackle climate change in poor countries, but not make additional transfers to it. Obama pledged $3 billion to the fund in 2014, and gave $1 billion to it, with the last $500 million payment coming in his last days as president. 
Culture rot The health professionals who will be forced to care for them will be really impressed when they find out how these sub-humans contracted HIV Sex roulette parties where one person is secretly HIV positive and nobody is allowed to use condoms are on the rise, warn doctors. The parties are usually attended by gay men, who are entertained by the  thrill  of not knowing whether they will be infected or not. Spanish doctors have noted a rise in the parties where attendees often take anti-viral drugs to reduce the risk of transmission.Dr Josep Mallolas of Hospital Clinic Barcelona said that the parties are a sign that people have  lost respect  for HIV, reports el Periodico. There is everything: sex roulette parties, or sex parties you can only attend if you already have HIV,  he told the outlet.He added that some of the parties are known as  blue  parties because attendees take anti-viral medication to cut the risk of transmitting the virus.Psychosexual therapist Kate Morley told HelloU:  Going to sex roulette parties is about the risk, partygoers think the higher the risk, the stronger the thrill. Via: Daily Mail 
BEIJING (Reuters) - The former head of China s powerful internet regulator is under investigation for suspected corruption, the ruling Communist Party said, the latest senior official to be caught up in a sweeping campaign against graft. Lu Wei was suspected of serious discipline breaches, the party s corruption-busting Central Commission for Discipline Inspection (CCDI) said in a brief statement late on Tuesday, using a euphemism for graft. Reuters was unable to reach Lu or a representative to seek comment. At the height of his influence, Lu, a colorful and often brash official by Chinese standards, was seen as emblematic of China s increasingly pervasive internet controls.  Organizers of China s first World Internet Conference in 2014, set up under Lu to promote Beijing s vision of internet governance, irked foreign tech firms by seeking their agreement on a last-minute declaration on  internet sovereignty .  Tech industry representatives ultimately declined to sign the pledge, and rights groups condemned the declaration as an attempt to undermine internet freedom. In 2015, he told reporters,  Indeed, we do not welcome those that make money off China, occupy China s market, even as they slander China s people. These kinds of websites I definitely will not allow in my house.  But courting China s powerful internet regulator, the Cyberspace Administration of China, was a key task for companies hoping to stay in his good graces or gain access to the huge internet market. When Lu visited Facebook Inc s U.S. campus in 2014, Mark Zuckerberg, the founder of the social networking site that has long been blocked in China, greeted Lu in Mandarin, according to a Chinese government website. But Lu s downfall, foreshadowed by his June 2016 replacement as head of the internet regulator and the loss of his other posts, is unlikely to signal a reversal of internet control policies, which have tightened further under successor Xu Lin. In a separate statement on its website on Wednesday, the CCDI emphasized the significance of Lu being the first  tiger , or senior official, to be brought to heel for corruption since the key 19th Communist Party Congress held last month. It said that under Lu, the cyberspace administration did not carry out President Xi Jinping s instructions in a timely or resolute fashion.  The improper use of power occurred on occasion, and the safeguarding of political security was not strong enough,  it said, without elaborating on any of Lu s specific wrongdoings.       Lu worked his way up though China s official Xinhua news agency before becoming head of propaganda in Beijing and then moving to internet work in 2013. He became a deputy propaganda minister after being replaced at the internet regulator.  The government has blocked sites it deems could challenge Communist Party rule or threaten stability, including sites such as Facebook and Google s main search engine and Gmail service. Xi has waged war against deep-rooted corruption since taking office five years ago, punishing hundreds of thousands of officials. 
WASHINGTON/CHICAGO (Reuters) - The head of the Midwest region of the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency offered her resignation over the water contamination crisis in Flint, Michigan, the agency said on Thursday, as it issued an emergency order to resolve the growing problem.     Susan Hedman, the second official to resign since the crisis unfolded, had played down a memo by an EPA employee that said tests had shown high levels of lead in the city’s water, telling Flint and Michigan administrators it was only a draft report. Hedman’s resignation will take effect Feb. 1, the EPA said. Before the agency’s announcement on Hedman, the White House said President Barack Obama will ensure officials will be held accountable if any wrongdoing is found. The EPA on Thursday issued an emergency order requiring Michigan and the city of Flint to take immediate steps after determining that their response to the crisis had been “inadequate to protect human health.” Under the direction of a state-appointed emergency manager, Flint, a working class mostly African-American city of 100,000 north of Detroit, switched water supplies to the Flint River in 2014, to save money. The river is known locally as a dumping ground. The more corrosive river water, which was not treated, caused more lead to leach from the city’s aging water pipes than the Detroit water the city had tapped previously.  Complaints about the water began within a month of the change, but officials did not take steps to remedy the situation until October 2015 after tests showed elevated levels of lead in some tap water in the city and in some children. Lead is a neurotoxin that can damage brains and cause other health problems.  The city switched back to Detroit water in mid October, but the contamination continued. The Flint crisis pushed EPA Administrator Gina McCarthy on Thursday to issue a new policy to elevate any issues that appear to be a substantial threat to public health, or that “other authorities appear to be unable to address.”  “Our strength can become a weakness if we interpret our responsibility as ending with simple technical compliance,” McCarthy said in a memo to all EPA staff. The EPA’s inspector general agreed to evaluate the Midwest office’s public water system supervision program and its implementation of its state oversight.  Representative Jason Chaffetz, chairman of the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee, said “The EPA is rife with incompetence and Region 5 is no exception. Mismanagement has plagued the region for far too long and Ms. Hedman’s resignation is way overdue.” White House spokesman Josh Earnest, noting that the Justice Department was investigating the contamination of Flint’s water supply, told reporters that Obama will make sure that EPA officials are held responsible for any errors that may be uncovered. By the end of next week, Michigan would have access to $80 million for water infrastructure funding agreed to in last month’s bipartisan budget, Obama told a group of mayors at the White House.  Michigan Governor Rick Snyder and other officials will be called to testify next month to a congressional panel. U.S. Representative Brenda Lawrence, a Democrat, requested a Feb. 3 hearing of the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee last week, said spokeswoman Tracy Manzer. The invitation will be specifically for the governor and he cannot send a representative on his behalf, Manzer said. However, Republicans on the committee said nothing about the hearing was set in stone and it was not yet on the committee’s website calendar. Details being discussed about a hearing on Flint “are entirely premature,” said a spokesman for Republicans on the committee who did not want to be named. “There are no confirmed details at this time, particularly with respect to a date or witness invitations,” the spokesman said. Dan Wyant, former director of Michigan’s Department of Environmental Quality, are among the other invitees. Wyant resigned in December over the growing crisis in Flint. The hearing will “identify precisely what went wrong in the process and to ensure that those who were responsible are to be held accountable and that this never happens again,” Manzer said. Snyder, a Republican, has rejected calls from critics for his resignation over the crisis. He asked the Michigan state legislature this week to approve $28 million to assist Flint and said there would be additional funding requests. The Michigan House approved the funding unanimously on Wednesday and the bill was in the Senate on Thursday. In recent weeks, the Michigan Department of Health and Human Services also has said that it has seen an increase in Legionnaires’ disease cases in the county that includes Flint covering the period in which the river water was the primary source. It could not conclude if the cases were related to the water switch. A report released on Thursday found 87 Legionnaires’ cases in the county from June 2014 through October, including nine deaths.  
Tune in to the Alternate Current Radio Network (ACR) for another LIVE broadcast of  The Boiler Room  starting at 6 PM PST | 9 PM EST every Wednesday. Join us for uncensored, uninterruptible talk radio, custom-made for barfly philosophers, misguided moralists, masochists, street corner evangelists, media-maniacs, savants, political animals and otherwise lovable rascals.Join ACR hosts Hesher, & Spore along with Andy Nowicki from Alt Right Blogspot, ACR/21Wire contributor Randy J and Daniel Spaulding from souloftheeast.org. In this first broadcast of 2016 we re going off the rails and off the cuffs, listeners will be hearing us go around the BOILER ROOM on a myriad of topics including the Protest happening in Oregon over the Hammond Ranch incident and the federal abuse of small ranchers and farmers, the usual off-ramp into pop-culture topics, Obama s newest anti-gun executive order and more. If you want to participate, bring something interesting to throw into the boiler Join us in the ALTERNATE CURRENT RADIO chat room.BOILER ROOM IS NOT A POLICTALLY CORRECT ZONE!   Live ACR player below   Show goes live at 6 PM PSTThis week s topics: 
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The United States is asking Israel to temper its response to the U.S. recognition of Jerusalem as its capital because Washington expects a backlash and is weighing the potential threat to U.S. facilities and people, according to a State Department document seen by Reuters on Wednesday.  While I recognize that you will publicly welcome this news, I ask that you restrain your official response,  the document dated Dec. 6 said in talking points for diplomats at the U.S. Embassy in Tel Aviv to convey to Israeli officials.  We expect there to be resistance to this news in the Middle East and around the world. We are still judging the impact this decision will have on U.S. facilities and personnel overseas,  the document said. A second State Department document seen by Reuters, which was also dated Dec. 6, said the agency had formed an internal task force  to track worldwide developments  following the U.S. decision on Jerusalem.  A U.S. official who spoke on condition of anonymity said it was standard to set up a task force  any time there is a concern about the safety and security of U.S. government personnel or U.S. citizens.  The State Department had no immediate comment on either document. Trump reversed decades of U.S. policy by recognizing Jerusalem as the capital of Israel, imperiling Middle East peace efforts and upsetting U.S. friends and adversaries alike. The first document also laid out talking points for officials at the U.S. Consulate General in Jerusalem, the U.S. Embassies in London, Paris, Berlin and Rome and the U.S. mission to the European Union in Brussels.  In its message for the European capitals, the document asked European officials to argue that Trump s decision did not prejudge so-called  final status  issues that Israel and the Palestinians need to hammer out in any peace agreement.  You are in a key position to influence international reaction to this announcement and we are asking you to amplify the reality that Jerusalem is still a final status issue between Israelis and Palestinians and that the parties must resolve the dimensions of Israel s sovereignty in Jerusalem during their negotiations,  it said.  You know that this is a unique Administration. It makes bold moves. But it is bold moves that are going to be needed if peace efforts are finally going to be successful,  it said. The status of Jerusalem, home to sites holy to the Muslim, Jewish and Christian religions, is one of the biggest obstacles to reaching an Israeli-Palestinian peace deal. Israel considers Jerusalem its eternal and indivisible capital and wants all embassies based there. Palestinians want the capital of an independent state of their own to be in the city s eastern sector, which Israel captured in the 1967 Middle East war and annexed in a move never recognized internationally. 
As he was standing next to podium, Donald Trump must have been throwing a silent temper tantrum as Irish Prime Minister Enda Kenny humiliated him and his anti-immigrant policy.St. Patrick s Day may have been a complete bummer this year because of Trump, but during an event at the White House honoring the holiday, Irish Prime Minister Enda Kenny gave the world something to smile about as he delivered remarks about immigration that made Trump fume on the sidelines.Unable to rudely stop the Irish leader, Trump had to listen as Kenny talked about immigration and how immigrants came to America and made our country stronger despite bigots who looked down upon them. It s fitting that we gather here each year to celebrate St. Patrick and his legacy,  Kenny began.  He, too, of course, was an immigrant. And even though he is, of course, the patron saint of Ireland, for many people around the globe, he is also the symbol of   indeed, the patron of   immigrants. Here in America, in your great country, 35 million people claim Irish heritage,  Kenny continued as Trump scowled and squirmed.  And the Irish have contributed to the economic, social, political and cultural life of this great country over the last 200 years. Kenny then pointed out that Irish immigrants were also unwelcome in America as people blamed them for crime and lack of jobs just as Donald Trump and Republicans are blaming Latinos today. Ireland came to America because, deprived of liberty, deprived of opportunity, of safety, and even food itself, the Irish believed, and four decades before Lady Liberty lifted her lamp we were the retched refuse on the teeming shore. We believed in the shelter of America, in the compassion of America, in the opportunity of America. Here s the video via Twitter. We were the wretched refuse on the teeming shore,  Irish prime minister says with Donald Trump in the room. pic.twitter.com/7jEfTVvIzE  Barry Malone (@malonebarry) March 17, 2017Indeed, millions of immigrants came to this country with nothing in order to pursue better lives for themselves and their families just as immigrants continue to do so today. But Trump has made the American Dream a nightmare for millions of immigrants as he continues to persecute Latinos and Muslims.And the Irish Prime Minister just cleverly shamed Donald Trump in the most epic and stealthy way for it.Featured image via screenshot
SHANGHAI (Reuters) - Police in Beijing have detained 18 people following a fire that killed 19 people and injured another eight on Saturday evening, the state news agency Xinhua reported late on Monday. The fire took place in three-storey apartment block in Beijing s southern Daxing district. A large refrigeration facility had been under construction in the building s basement, and preliminary investigations suggested the fire may have started there, Xinhua said late on Monday. Seven managers at the apartment block had been detained, along with seven electricity workers and four construction workers at the facility. None of the workers were properly qualified, it added, citing police. Beijing s Communist Party chief Cai Qi has already ordered a city-wide safety check, which will last four 40 days. The official China Daily said the inspections would cover warehouses, factories, wholesale markets, large residential areas and public places like supermarkets and tourist spots.     
This is a wake up call. Even though this isn t the main computer system, there are 100,000 people out there who re at risk now.Thieves used an online service provided by the IRS to gain access to information from more than 100,000 taxpayers, the agency said Tuesday.The information included tax returns and other tax information on file with the IRS.The IRS said the thieves accessed a system called  Get Transcript.  In order to access the information, the thieves cleared a security screen that required knowledge about the taxpayer, including Social Security number, date of birth, tax filing status and street address. The IRS notes this issue does not involve its main computer system that handles tax filing submission; that system remains secure,  the agency said in a statement.The IRS said thieves targeted the system from February to mid-May. The service has been temporarily shut down. In all, about 200,000 attempts were made from questionable email domains, with more than 100,000 of those attempts successfully clearing authentication hurdles,  the agency said.  During this filing season, taxpayers successfully and safely downloaded a total of approximately 23 million transcripts. Tax returns can include a host of personal information that can help someone steal an identity, including Social Security numbers and birthdates of dependents and spouses. However, the IRS said the thieves appeared to already have a lot of personal information about the victims.Via: ABC
NEW YORK (Reuters) - Michigan Governor Rick Snyder has met with Wall Street credit rating agencies this week, telling them Michigan’s economy is doing “very well” in the face of a lowered credit outlook, Snyder said on Thursday.  “We had a good, healthy discussion,” Snyder told Reuters after speaking at a CUNY Graduate School of Journalism event in New York City. “Michigan economically is doing very well.” Two weeks ago, just before Michigan’s most recent bond offering, Standard & Poor’s Ratings Services lowered the outlook on Michigan’s credit rating to stable from positive. It cited burgeoning costs associated with a lead-tainted water crisis in the city of Flint and with the cash-strapped Detroit Public Schools (DPS).  Those rising expenses “will limit the state’s ability to build reserves over the nest two fiscal years,” S&P analyst Carol Spain said on March 17. Despite the outlook change, Michigan was able to sell about $82 billion of general obligation bonds with a true interest cost of 1.54 percent, showing little sign that the U.S. municipal bond market wanted to punish the state with exorbitantly high interest rates. One encouraging economic sign in Michigan is the 4.8 percent unemployment rate reported in February versus the national jobless rate of 4.9 percent. Snyder said it was a good time to meet with credit rating agencies because the state is not currently in the market. He tries to do it at least once a year.  
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Steny Hoyer, the No. 2 Democrat in the U.S. House of Representatives, said on Wednesday that Democratic representative John Conyers should resign if the sexual harassment allegations against him are found to be true. “Notwithstanding the credibility of the witnesses, we have a process to determine: were these allegations founded? And if they’re founded, yes, he should resign,” Hoyer said in an interview with MSNBC. 
BRUSSELS (Reuters) - U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson reassured his nervous European counterparts over Washington’s commitment to NATO on Friday and pressed them again to spend more on defense, triggering a rebuke from Germany. Foreign Minister Sigmar Gabriel said it was neither “reachable nor desirable” for Germany to spend the agreed NATO target of two percent of member states’ economic output on defense. NATO allies have until 2024 to do that. “Two percent would mean military expenses of some 70 billion euros. I don’t know any German politician who would claim that is reachable nor desirable,” Gabriel told the first meeting of NATO foreign ministers attended by Tillerson.  “The United States will realize it is better to talk about better spending instead of more spending,” he said, noting that humanitarian, development and economic aid to stabilize countries and regions should also count.   In his first remarks to NATO ministers, Tillerson said allies needed to pay up or outline plans for meeting that target when NATO leaders meet on May 25 for the first top-level summit of the alliance to be attended by U.S. President Donald Trump.  Trump has criticized NATO as “obsolete” and suggested Washington’s security guarantees for European allies could be conditional on them spending more on their own defense. He has also said he wants NATO to do more to fight terrorism.  “Our goal should be to agree at the May leaders meeting that by the end of the year all allies will have either met the pledge guidelines or will have developed plans that clearly articulate how...the pledge will be fulfilled,” Tillerson said.  “Allies must demonstrate by their actions that they share U.S. government’s commitment.” In Berlin, German government spokesman, Steffen Seibert, said the government was committed to increasing defense spending and would continue to do so “because we know it is necessary and makes sense to further strengthen our armed forces”. U.S. defense expenditure makes up about 70 percent of the total NATO allies’ defense spending. Only four European NATO members - Estonia, Greece, Poland and Britain - meet the two-percent target. NATO head Jens Stoltenberg rejected Gabriel’s call to include non-military spending toward the goal, but said Germany was moving “in the right direction” with more military spending after years of cuts. He said NATO ministers on Friday discussed national plans for arriving at the target as they prepared for the May summit.  In London, Britain’s Defence Secretary Michael Fallon said that other European NATO allies must “raise their game, and those failing to meet the two-percent commitment... should at least agree to year-on-year real terms increases.” Tillerson did, however, offer assurances of Washington’s commitment to NATO during his brief stop in Brussels, where he did not hold one-on-one meetings with countries, which is customary during such gatherings.  His initial decision to skip his first meeting with NATO foreign ministers had added to questions about the Trump administration’s commitment. The meeting was later rescheduled and he attended on Friday. “The United States is committed to ensuring NATO has the capabilities to support our collective defense,” Tillerson said. “We will uphold the agreements we have made to defend our allies.” Tillerson said NATO was fundamental to countering Russian aggression in Ukraine and said the United States would hold Moscow accountable to its commitments under a two-year Minsk ceasefire deal. He pledged to keep sanctions in place against Moscow until it complies with the Minsk agreement. Trump has said in the past that, as part of a rapprochement he is seeking with Russia, he is prepared to review the sanctions, which were imposed  by Barack Obama over Russia’s 2014 annexation of Ukraine’s Crimea Peninsula. “We do not, and will not, accept Russian efforts to change the borders of territory of Ukraine,” Tillerson said according to a transcript of his remarks. “The United States sanctions will remain until Moscow reverses the actions that triggered our sanctions,” he added, expressing alarm at a surge in violence along the front lines in eastern Ukraine. Stoltenberg said ties between European NATO members and the United States were “rock solid”.  He said “fair burden sharing to keep the trans-atlantic bond strong” and “stepping up NATO efforts to project stability and fight terrorism” were on the agenda on Friday as the bloc seeks to respond to the new, harsher tone from across the Atlantic. 
HANOI (Reuters) - Vietnam’s prime minister has urged a greater U.S. role in preventing militarization and island-building in the South China Sea, the government said on Tuesday, in a rare call for Washington’s support to curb Beijing’s maritime expansionism. During a summit of Southeast Asian countries in California on Monday, premier Nguyen Tan Dung suggested to U.S. President Barack Obama that Washington uses a stronger voice and “more practical and more efficient actions”, in comments likely to rile China. Tension has spiked since Beijing’s construction of seven islands in the Spratly archipelago. “Prime Minister Dung suggested the United States has a stronger voice and more practical and more efficient actions requesting termination of all activities changing the status quo,” the government said on its news website. The statement did not specifically name China, but it said Dung was referring especially to “large-scale construction of artificial islands” and “militarization”. With a large U-shaped line on its official maps, China claims most of the South China Sea. Malaysia, the Philippines, Taiwan, Brunei and Vietnam have rival claims. Obama and allies from Southeast Asia will turn their attention to China on Tuesday on the second day of a summit intended to improve trade and provide a united front on maritime disputes with Beijing. Whereas China accuses the United States of seeking maritime hegemony in Asia, Washington says its interest in the South China Sea is preserving freedom of navigation. In recent months, the United States raised the stakes by sending guided-missile destroyers USS Lassen and USS Curtis Wilbur close to disputed areas occupied by Beijing.    Though communist Vietnam routinely opposes China’s activities in disputed waters, its leaders are usually wary of provoking a giant neighbor with which it shares over $60 billion of annual trade and maintains close ideological ties. Dung has earned popularity in Vietnam for pursuing stronger U.S. trade and defense links and for taking a tougher line against China, compared to measured responses by other Vietnamese leaders to Beijing’s assertiveness. Dung was controversially overlooked by the politburo last month in its nomination for party chief, meaning the end of his political career when his term ends this year, posing a possible blow for Washington. Dung also asked Obama to fully lift a lethal arms embargo on Vietnam, which would be an “important way to strengthen political trust”, the government website quoted him saying. Obama will visit Vietnam in May, the White House said. 
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - As Republican leaders desperately seek ways to derail the presidential campaign of billionaire Donald Trump, many of the party’s 31 state governors are staying out of the fray.  New Mexico Governor Susana Martinez endorsed Marco Rubio on Friday, making her only the 10th governor to back one of the four Republican presidential rivals left in the race. Much more typical is Governor Rick Scott of Florida, who said on Thursday he would not endorse a candidate before his state’s hotly contested March 15 primary. Such reluctance to commit contrasts sharply with previous elections, when governors lined up solidly behind eventual nominees, helping to winnow the field of candidates early on. The 2016 election differs because a chaotic race has divided Republicans, convincing many to keep a low profile in hopes of avoiding a possible backlash from voters who are increasingly contemptuous of party leaders, Republican officials say. “It’s a lose-lose political situation,” said Fergus Cullen, a former New Hampshire Republican Party chairman. New Jersey Governor Chris Christie last week took a risk, after dropping out of the presidential contest himself, and endorsed Trump, the billionaire businessman. That decision has done little for either of them, according to a new poll. Almost two-thirds of 1,372 adults polled, both Republicans and Democrats, said Christie’s endorsement made no difference in their feelings toward Trump, the Republican front-runner. The nationwide Reuters/Ipsos poll was conducted Feb 29-March 4. Christie has faced relentless criticism since he announced his support for Trump last week. Six newspapers in his home state have called on him to resign. In past elections, a governor’s endorsement could produce a burst of positive news coverage and the support of well-connected local leaders for a presidential contender. That would encourage other elected officials to endorse the candidate as well, creating an impression that the candidate was a favorite of those who knew best and encouraging others to drop out of the race, said David Karol, a University of Maryland political science professor who has found that endorsements were a strong predictor of electoral success between 1980 and 2004. “The absence of most of the governors this late in the process really indicates the paralysis and division in Republican elite circles,” Karol said. Ahead of Election Day on Nov. 8, many governors did not want to talk about Trump, who has unnerved his party’s establishment with his abrasive tone and policy positions, including plans to build a wall on the U.S.-Mexican border, deport 11 million illegal immigrants and temporarily bar Muslims from entering the country. Eighteen undecided Republican governors, contacted by Reuters, declined to be interviewed on their views of the race.  National Republican leaders are struggling for a strategy to stop Trump from becoming the nominee, as Democrats revel in the chaos they hope will boost their chances of keeping the White House. George W. Bush, elected president in 2000, had the support of 26 of the party’s 30 Republican governors before primary voting even started, according to figures compiled by James Madison University political science professor Martin Cohen, who with Karol is a co-author of “The Party Decides: Presidential Nominations Before and After Reform.”  In 2012, 10 of 29 Republican governors had endorsed Mitt Romney by the time he clinched the presidential nomination. This year, governors are not sending a clear signal to voters. Five have endorsed Rubio, a senator from Florida who has won one nominating contest so far. Two have endorsed John Kasich of Ohio, the only governor left in the race, who has won no contests. Two have Trump. One has backed Senator Ted Cruz of Texas. Three others endorsed candidates who have since dropped out of the race. The governors who have made endorsements so far have had little impact. Rubio lost in Tennessee, South Carolina and Arkansas, despite the backing of governors in those states. Kasich got only 4 percent of the vote in Alabama on Tuesday after that state’s Governor Robert Bentley endorsed him.  Iowa Governor Terry Branstad called on voters in his state to reject Cruz before the state’s February caucuses. Cruz won. So far, only Texas Governor Greg Abbott has picked a winner. He endorsed Cruz, who won Texas on Tuesday. Trump has put many governors in a difficult position. The real estate developer is expected to easily win Mississippi’s Republican primary next Tuesday, for example, but his support for Planned Parenthood and government-backed health insurance, among other policies, put him at odds with the conservative positions backed by Governor Phil Bryant. Bryant will support Trump should he end up being the party’s nominee, but he has not decided whether to endorse a candidate before the primary, an aide told Reuters.  In theory, governors should be in a position to shape the outcome of this year’s nominating contests. Republicans at the state level have delivered tax cuts, abortion restrictions and other conservative victories from Maine to Arizona, while their counterparts in charge of Congress have been locked in a stalemate with Democratic President Barack Obama. But the plethora of establishment-minded candidates this year has made it more difficult for governors and other senior officials to decide who to back, let alone try to shape the outcome with an endorsement.  Republican governors in Maryland, Florida, Wyoming, Indiana, Wisconsin, North Dakota, South Dakota, Arizona, Nebraska and Michigan declined to say whether they would back Trump if he were the party’s nominee.  Governors in Utah, Oklahoma, North Carolina and Georgia have yet to endorse a candidate but would back Trump if he won the nomination, aides said.     Massachusetts Governor Charlie Baker told reporters this week he would not vote for Trump in November.  (Additional reporting by Nick Carey, Sharon Bernstein, Ian Simpson, Alex Dobuzinskis and Scott Malone; Editing by Kevin Drawbaugh, Howard Goller and Alistair Bell) This article was funded in part by SAP. It was independently created by the Reuters editorial staff. SAP had no editorial involvement in its creation or production.
Rabbis representing four prominent Jewish organizations have decided that they will not hold their annual conference call with the President because the man currently holding that office openly supports white supremacists.Following Trump s atrocious response to the tragic events in Charlottesville, the rabbis issued a statement explaining that they simply  cannot organize such a call this year.  They said that this decision was made because Trump s reaction to Nazis marching in the streets and the death of Heather Heyer was  lacking in moral leadership and empathy for the victims of racial and religious hatred. We have concluded that President Trump s statements during and after the tragic events in Charlottesville are so lacking in moral leadership and empathy for the victims of racial and religious hatred that we cannot organize such a call this year,  the rabbis wrote. The President s words have given succor to those who advocate anti-Semitism, racism, and xenophobia,  they wrote.  Responsibility for the violence that occurred in Charlottesville, including the death of Heather Heyer, does not lie with many sides but with one side: the Nazis, alt-right and white supremacists who brought their hate to a peaceful community. They must be roundly condemned at all levels. In the days following the white supremacist rally in Charlottesville that left three people dead, Trump insisted that  many sides  were to blame for the violence. The rabbis concluded by saying that they would  pray that President Trump will recognize and remedy the grave error he has made in abetting the voices of hatred.   They added that they will also  pray that those who traffic in anti-Semitism, racism, and xenophobia will see that there is no place for such pernicious philosophies in a civilized society. The statement was signed by the Central Conference of American Rabbis, The Rabbinical Assembly, the Reconstructionist Rabbinical Association and the Religious Action Center of Reform Judaism.Featured image via Bill Pugliano/Getty Images
A New Campaign Video was just released from the Donald Trump Campaign   Your thoughts on this? 
ROME (Reuters) - British Prime Minister Theresa May should make a proposal over what legal rights European Union citizens will have in Britain after it leaves the bloc, the EU s chief Brexit negotiator Michel Barnier said on Thursday. Barnier was addressing the Italian parliament ahead of a speech by May in Florence on Friday when she is expected to explain her vision of Britain s future relationship with the EU.  I am waiting for a proposal on the legal rights of EU citizens in Britain,  said Barnier, who was speaking in French through an Italian translator. He added that the issue of financial compensation between Britain and the EU was outside the terms of the main Brexit negotiations. 
REYKJAVIK (Reuters) - Iceland s president asked the leader of the Left-Green Movement, Katrin Jakobsdottir, on Thursday to form a new government, although it came second in Saturday s parliamentary election. The mandate deals a blow to Prime Minister Bjarni Benediktsson of the Independence Party who called the snap election in September after less than a year in office as a scandal involving his father prompted a government ally to drop out of his ruling coalition.  The Nordic island of 340,000 people, one of the countries hit hardest by the 2008 financial crisis, has seen an economic rebound spurred by a tourism boom. But a string of political scandals have hurt trust in government in recent years.  The election result showed a Left-Green-led coalition was possible if they joined forces with the Social Democrats, the Progressive Party and the Pirate Party. Together, they would hold 32 of parliament s 63 seats. Jakobsdottir s has said she may try to form a broad-based government.  The Independence Party, which has dominated Icelandic politics for decades, fell short of a parliamentary majority. (This version of the story corrects the prime minister s first name in paragraph 2 to Bjarni, not Bjarne) 
MOGADISHU (Reuters) - Somalia s government rebuked its three semi-autonomous regions on Thursday for cutting ties with Qatar, saying it was determined to stay neutral in the Gulf nation s dispute with other Arab states. The region of Galmudug issued a statement on Wednesday saying it stood with the United Arab Emirates and Saudi Arabia in the regional row, followed similar declarations last month by the regions of Puntland and Hirshabelle.  Somalia s federal government responded by saying only it had the authority to speak on foreign affairs. Saudi Arabia, the UAE, Bahrain and Egypt cut political and trade ties with Qatar on June 5, accusing it of supporting terrorism and their arch-foe Iran - charges that Doha denies.     The spat about it in volatile but strategically located Somalia illustrated how far the political ripples from Qatar s dispute have spread.  Somalia s open stance is important for Qatar - Somalia s airspace remains open for Qatar Airways, a critical lifeline amid the blockade.     Gulf Arab States have meanwhile been pouring resources into the semi-autonomous regions.  (The Arab states) are trying to give more energy and emphasize more their relations with these regional governments, trying to pressure them to go against the federal government,  said Nairobi-based Somalia expert Ahmed Roble. The choice by those regions to break from the federal government and reject Qatar, is unsurprising, Roble added.  Somalia s position also underlines its delicate position  - dependent on trade from Saudi Arabia, but increasing close to Turkey, which is backing Qatar in the dispute.  Saudi Arabia in Somalia s top export partner, and the United Arab Emirates supplies the horn of Africa country with key imports from electronics to building materials.  Turkey has poured in more than $1 billion in aid since President Tayyip Erdogan s visit to Somalia in 2011 and is expected to open a military base in Mogadishu this month.  The cabinet reaffirms the federal government s decision in June ... that Somalia is neutral about the conflict of Gulf countries,  read a statement issued by the office of Prime Minister Hassan Ali Khaire.  The statement called on  the conflict be solved brotherly, peacefully and diplomatically.  
OUAGADOUGOU (Reuters) - Two paramilitary police officers were killed and two others wounded in Burkina Faso when a convoy carrying fuel to the Inata gold mine hit a landmine, Avocet Mining Plc and the government said on Wednesday. Nobody immediately claimed responsibility for the incident although security analysts have attributed other recent attacks in gold-rich northern Burkina Faso to a new local jihadist group known as Ansaroul Islam.  The explosion destroyed the leading vehicle, killing two gendarmes and seriously wounding two others,  the defense ministry said in a statement. The explosion was caused by an improvised explosive device on the road from the town of Djibo, about 150 kilometers (90 miles) north of the capital Ouagadougou, it added. The mining firm said it would review security measures and take measures to ensure the safety of the mine and its employees. Burkina Faso, like other countries in West Africa, has been targeted sporadically by jihadist groups, including one founded by a local radical preacher, Ibrahim Dicko, who was released from prison in Mali in 2015. Most attacks have been along its remote northern border with Mali, which has seen activity by Islamist militants for more than a decade. A security source said that short bursts of gunfire rang out briefly overnight near the Inata mine as an anti-terror unit of the paramilitary police pursued the suspected attackers. Suspected Islamist militants killed at least 18 people and wounded several during a raid on a restaurant in Burkina Faso s capital in August. Shares in Avocet closed down 4.9 percent after initially falling some 10 percent on the London stock exchange. Avocet had said earlier this month that its unit, Societe des Mines de Belahouro (SMB), which operates the Inata gold mine, may file for insolvency after a loan repayment freeze with its creditors expired. The company owns 90 percent of the Inata Gold Mine that produced 72,485 ounces of gold in 2016. Avocet is struggling to keep the mine operating after former workers seized a shipment of gold last year. Its shares have dropped nearly 60 percent this year. 
WASHINGTON/NEW YORK (Reuters) - The frequent travels of the head of the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency, Scott Pruitt, to Oklahoma will be investigated following congressional requests, the agency’s Office of Inspector General said on Monday. Pruitt’s many travels to his home state have fueled speculation that he intends to run for the U.S. Senate from Oklahoma. “Administrator Pruitt is traveling the country to hear directly from the people impacted by EPA’s regulations outside of the Washington bubble,” said Amy Graham, an EPA spokeswoman. “This is nothing more than a distraction from the Administrator’s significant environmental accomplishments.” The Office of Inspector General said it would look into the “frequency, cost and extent” of Pruitt’s travels to Oklahoma through July 31, and whether travel policies and procedures were followed. It said the investigation will also aim to determine “whether EPA policies and procedures are sufficiently designed to prevent fraud, waste and abuse with the Administrator’s travel that included trips to Oklahoma.” Pruitt was in Oklahoma on at least 43 of the 92 days of March, April and May, according to copies of his travel records obtained by the Environmental Integrity Project watchdog group and reviewed by Reuters last month. The travel records show Pruitt’s schedule this spring often took him to cities in the U.S. heartland where he held meetings, often with oil and gas industry representatives, made speeches and attended events before flying to Tulsa for extended weekends. The records showed Pruitt paid for some legs of the trips directly related to his visits home, although it was not clear he paid for all such legs. Pruitt has riled environmentalists by raising doubts about climate change and by vowing to sweep away scores of Obama-era regulations to help business. “Pruitt seems to be using these visits to launch his political career,” said Melinda Pierce, legislative director for the Sierra Club, an environmental group that has been deeply critical of Pruitt. “Perhaps he should use polluter money to fund these trips if he’s going to continue doing their bidding.” Before becoming head of the EPA under Republican President Donald Trump in February, he was Oklahoma’s attorney general and repeatedly sued the agency he now runs to block federal environmental rules. 
We re not sure who s doing the polling in America, but judging by the consistently huge crowds clamoring to see Donald Trump vs. Hillary s meager (likely paid) audiences for her rallies, something just doesn t smell right Yesterday, Trump knocked it out of the park in AZ as he delivered a home run speech on immigration. Here are some of the highlights:https://youtu.be/TGVjSCTRgMsTrump s speech obviously resonated with Americans, as enthusiastic supporters crashed his site trying to donate to his campaign. Gateway Pundit took this screen shot of the website crash:Trump website CRASHES Due to high volume of donors after #Immigration speech! @realDonaldTrump pic.twitter.com/xpL69a5R8M  Jim Hoft (@gatewaypundit) September 1, 2016Compare Hillary s crowd at the American Legion convention in Cincinnati to Trump s crowd below:https://twitter.com/redlanews/status/771149826755063809Here s Trump s huge crowd at the same venue:Crowd seems to be slightly bigger today awaiting Donald Trump's speech at American Legion Convention. @WCPO pic.twitter.com/xDd4CRttq7  paula christian (@PaulaChristian_) September 1, 2016
NEW YORK (Reuters) - The largest lobbying group for health insurers has asked U.S. lawmakers weighing the fate of Obamacare to push back the due date for 2018 individual insurance submissions to regulators in hopes of obtaining greater clarity on the program’s future later on.  Republican leaders including President-elect Donald Trump and U.S. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell have said they are keen to repeal President Barack Obama’s signature health insurance program, the Affordable Care Act, which provides coverage to millions of Americans. The process of repealing and replacing Obamacare could take two to three years, however, according to some senators. How much of the law will change and when is still unclear. Trump has said some aspects of the program are good, such as allowing young adults to stay insured with their parents until age 26.  The trade association America’s Health Insurance Plans, or AHIP, has been speaking with senators for the past few weeks, spokeswoman Kristine Grow said on Tuesday. She provided a list of issues under discussion, which touch on the individual exchanges, Medicare and Medicaid. Insurers backed the idea of high-risk pools, saying they can mitigate the risk of adverse selection and deliver effective coverage. Both Trump and his choice to head the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, Tom Price, advocate for use of the pools to insure the very sick. Two of AHIP’s largest members are Anthem Inc and Cigna Corp, both of which plan to sell Obamacare plans in 2017.   Insurers also asked for funding through Jan. 1, 2019, for cost-sharing programs and making the 2016 reinsurance payments to insurers who qualify for them as planned. And they asked for  elimination of two health insurance taxes, which they said would help slow premium growth. They suggested extending the deadline to file health exchange plans by a few months until the summer of 2017, when there will be less uncertainty and more insurers are likely to submit bids. Insurers are asking senators for limited changes to the Medicaid program during the transition period, and to ensure a transition period for states that have expanded Medicaid, the program for the poor jointly funded by the federal government and states. Republicans are considering changing its funding to block grants, which could cut the total amount. On Medicare, the insurers are seeking changes as soon as February, when the government will propose target rates for 2018 Medicare Advantage plans. 
Donald Trump s lawbreaking is probably about to get a lot more blatant now that he s going to be in office. After all, he just told the NYT that  presidents can t have conflicts of interest  and has already used the office of the presidency for personal business. And as it has just been revealed, the Trump foundation openly admits to corruption and breaking IRS rules about self-dealing.In the 2015 tax return for the Trump Foundation, the organization indicates they transferred funds to a  disqualified person  in the last tax year   Trump, a member of his immediate family, or perhaps a business interest   and also indicated they engaged in self-dealing in past years.From Mother Jones:Donald Trump s charitable foundation has admitted to violating an IRS ban  self-dealing,  the Washington Post reported on Tuesday. The rules prohibit leaders of non-profit organizations from using funds to benefit a  disqualified  person, which can include the president-elect himself, members of his family, or their private business interests.The news comes just days after Trump agreed to pay $25 million to settle several fraud lawsuits related to Trump University.The foundation also indicated  yes  to a question regarding whether it had engaged in self-dealing in prior years. And yet conservatives think the Clinton Foundation was corrupt?The form doesn t give any specifics about what, exactly, the corrupt money flowing from the foundation to Trump was spent on. However, we do know that in the past it s been spent on settling personal disputes, a Tim Tebow helmet, two paintings of himself, and settlement money. It s possible that the form was referring to any of those events, but it s also possible there is still more to uncover.Many of the people who voted for Trump will be the ones hurt by his administration, which is rapidly showing itself as a corrupt, quid-pro-quo assortment of rich buddies and high-powered business connections looking to make a profit off the back of the little guy. Donald Trump doesn t care about everyday Americans one iota, and he has no intention at all of playing by the rules. He s going to use the White House to make himself richer at every opportunity.Featured image via Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images
DHAKA (Reuters) - Indonesian Foreign Minister Retno Marsudi said on Tuesday the country is ready to ease the burden of Bangladesh in dealing with Rohingya Muslims fleeing from Myanmar, but the help is likely to be only humanitarian, not financial.  We will continue to discus what sort of support Indonesia could make to ease the burden of Bangladesh government,  Marsudi told a news conference after she met with the Bangladeshi PM and her counterpart in Dhaka. Myanmar has come under pressure from countries with large Muslim populations to stop violence against the Muslim Rohingya. At least 400 people were killed and nearly 125,000 fled to Bangladesh in the deadliest bout of violence targeting the minority group in decades.   
This is a stunning story of how the Left gets away with punishing hard work and accomplishment all in the name of  fairness.  Who decides which minority population is more important than another? In a windowless classroom at an Arcadia tutoring center, parents crammed into child-sized desks and dug through their pockets and purses for pens as Ann Lee launches a PowerPoint presentation.Her primer on college admissions begins with the basics: application deadlines, the relative virtues of the SAT versus the ACT and how many Advanced Placement tests to take.Then she eases into a potentially incendiary topic   one that many counselors like her have learned they cannot avoid. Let s talk about Asians,  she says.Lee s next slide shows three columns of numbers from a Princeton University study that tried to measure how race and ethnicity affect admissions by using SAT scores as a benchmark. It uses the term  bonus  to describe how many extra SAT points an applicant s race is worth. She points to the first column.African Americans received a  bonus  of 230 points, Lee says.She points to the second column. Hispanics received a bonus of 185 points. The last column draws gasps.Asian Americans, Lee says, are penalized by 50 points   in other words, they had to do that much better to win admission. Do Asians need higher test scores? Is it harder for Asians to get into college? The answer is yes,  Lee says. Zenme keyi,  one mother hisses in Chinese. How can this be possible?College admission season ignites deep anxieties for Asian American families, who spend more than any other demographic on education. At elite universities across the U.S., Asian Americans form a larger share of the student body than they do of the population as a whole. And increasingly they have turned against affirmative action policies that could alter those ratios, and accuse admissions committees of discriminating against Asian American applicants.Everyone works hard and struggles. But there s this feeling that it s going to be harder for us.   Lawrence Leonn, 16HERE is a perfect example of how Americans have allowed Asian minority status to be discounted in favor of the more vocal Black students on campus:And there is the case of the young Asian reporter who dared to attempt to cover University Of Missouri s Black Lives Matter event. There was certainly no media outcry at the bullying and the horrible treatment he received by students and faculty alike. Click HERE for the full story and video.That perspective has pitted them against advocates for diversity: More college berths for Asian American students mean fewer for black and Latino students, who are statistically underrepresented at top universities.But in the San Gabriel Valley s hyper-competitive ethnic Asian communities, arguments for diversity can sometimes fall on deaf ears. For immigrant parents raised in Asia s all-or-nothing test cultures, a good education is not just a measure of success   it s a matter of survival. They see academic achievement as a moral virtue, and families organize their lives around their child s education, moving to the best school districts and paying for tutoring and tennis lessons. An acceptance letter from a prestigious college is often the only acceptable return on an investment that stretches over decades.Lee is the co-founder of HS2 Academy, a college prep business that assumes that racial bias is a fact of college admissions and counsels students accordingly. At 10 centers across the state, the academy s counselors teach countermeasures to Asian American applicants. The goal, Lee says, is to help prospective college students avoid coming off like another  cookie-cutter Asian. Being of Asian descent, the junior says, is  a disadvantage.  The problem, she says, is in the numbers.Asian families flock to the San Gabriel Valley s school districts because they have some of the highest Academic Performance Index scores in the state. But with hundreds of top-performing students at each high school, focusing on a small set of elite institutions, it s easy to get lost in the crowd.Of the school s 4,000 students, nearly 3,000 are of Asian descent, and like Yue are willing to do whatever it takes to gain entrance to a prestigious university. They will study until they can t remember how to have fun and stuff their schedules with extracurriculars. But there s an important part of their college applications that they can t improve as easily as an SAT score: their ethnicity.In the San Gabriel Valley, where aspirationally named tutoring centers such as Little Harvard and Ivy League cluster within walking distance of high schools, many of them priced more cheaply than a baby-sitter, it didn t take long for some centers to respond to students  and parents  fears of being edged out of a top school because of some intangible missing quality. I don t want to be racist or anything,  Lawrence said.  Everyone works hard and struggles. But there s this feeling that it s going to be harder for us. Complaints about bias in college admissions have persisted since at least the 1920s, when a Harvard University president tried to cap the number of Jewish students. In November, a group called Students for Fair Admissions filed a suit against Harvard University for admissions policies that allegedly discriminate against Asian Americans. The group cited the 2004 Princeton study and other sources that offer statistics about Asian Americans  test performance.At the University of Texas at Austin, an affirmative action policy that allows admissions committees to consider the race of prospective applicants has been argued all the way to the Supreme Court. (The policies were upheld by a lower court, but that court s decision was voided by the Supreme Court. Another court upheld the policies and another appeal is pending.)Those who defend  holistic  admissions policies insist that considering a broader range of variables ensures that all applicants are judged fairly. And the Princeton study Lee refers to has been widely criticized by academics who argue that it relies too heavily on grades and test scores to draw conclusions about racial bias and that the data the study uses are too old to be relevant.Still, anxiety over racial admissions rates is peaking as cash-crunched public universities increasingly favor high-paying out-of-state and foreign students at the expense of local applicants of every ethnicity. A 2014 bill that would have asked voters to consider restoring race as a factor in admissions to public California colleges and universities sparked multiple public protests and scathing editorials in Chinese newspapers. The bill, Senate Constitutional Amendment 5, was shelved last year. That same ethic causes parents and students to agonize over which box, if any, to check on the race and nationality section of the application. One parent asked Zell whether it would help to legally change the family name to something more Western-sounding.Last year, a rumor that Harvard University would stop accepting any more Asian American students from San Marino High School spread like a trending hashtag.Mollie Beckler, a counselor at San Marino High School, says that Harvard never imposed such a rule. School counselors are continually trying to dispel myths like these, she says, if only in hopes of slightly lowering the huge stress students shoulder because of their intense focus on elite schools. The feeling of failure they get from trying to reach such high standards,  she said,  is very concerning to us in the counseling world. Only a few of the San Gabriel Valley s tutoring centers confront the ethnic admissions issue head-on.Jamie Aviles, a counselor at the ACI Institute, doesn t teach ways to overcome perceived racial bias, she says. But she and many other counselors do agree on at least one thing.As Aviles puts it:  It sucks to be a kid in the San Gabriel Valley. Via: LA Times
An aging audience combined with a devastating sexual harassment lawsuit and the exodus of several high-profile hosts and the resignation of Roger Ailes has all but crippled the conservative propaganda machine in recent months.Fox News has settled with former host Gretchen Carlson for $20 million after she revealed that Ailes had been sexually harassing her for years. Fox & Friends host Steve Doocy was also named by Carlson as a perpetrator but there has been no word as yet on whether he will also get the boot or resign. He probably wouldn t be able to get another job in the media anyway if he did.But soon after Carlson s allegations, Andrea Tantaros slapped the network with a sexual harassment lawsuit of her own, not only naming Ailes but also Bill O Reilly, who allegedly made sexual advances toward Tantaros.That might make it easier for Fox to choose between keeping Megyn Kelly or the longtime host of The O Reilly Factor if reports that the network might have to choose one or the other are true.And now, just after announcing the settlement, longtime host Greta Van Susteren has departed Fox News as well and will be replaced by obnoxious sexist Brit Hume, who once complained that New Jersey Governor Chris Christie can t act like a real man because of feminists and creepily  complimented  Megyn Kelly by marveling about how smart she is despite being pretty.Way to go, Fox. You had a chance to replace Van Susteren with another woman or at least with a male anchor who isn t a misogynist and you failed spectacularly. Replacing her with Hume must mean you didn t learn a damn thing from all the sexual harassment lawsuits being filed against you. We are grateful for Greta s many contributions over the years and wish her continued success,  Fox News said in a brief statement that also included a public apology to Carlson.This is the biggest staff shakeup within Fox News to occur in many years. The sexual harassment bombshell has shattered a working environment that the network cultured for decades and now it is biting them HARD. If Bill O Reilly or Megyn Kelly or both end up jumping ship for calmer waters next year when their contracts expire it could throw the network into even worse chaos.Again, Fox News may have a large audience but their audience is older and that means big trouble for a network that has largely refused to appeal to a millennial audience. Losing Kelly would not help.But considering how many female hosts have left Fox recently and the fact that Fox chose Brit Hume of all people to replace Van Susteren, it appears Kelly could very well decide to leave the toxic anti-women atmosphere of Fox News, which Tantaros described as a media company that  masquerades as a defender of traditional family values, but behind the scenes, it operates like a sex-fueled, Playboy Mansion-like cult, steeped in intimidation, indecency and misogyny. Featured Image: Brendan Hoffman/Getty Images
Meanwhile Trump is about to make history for claiming the most votes ever in the history of the GOP primaries. What was that the mainstream media keeps saying about Trump not being able to beat Hillary? Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton has badly underperformed in 2016 compared with her first run for president in 2008, a new data analysis done exclusively by Breitbart News shows.It s particularly telling that she s gotten fewer votes in 2016 than she did in 2008, especially because of the fact that the 2008 race was a three-way race for some time between Clinton, now President Barack Obama, and ex-Sen. John Edwards. She was, despite being the frontrunner for some time, the ultimate loser of that race and she got more votes that year in a much more competitive primary that she ended up losing than she has this year against a devout, proud socialist in Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-VT) of Vermont.Clinton is widely expected to be the Democratic nominee in 2016, but her poor performance in the primaries which many believe she should have wrapped up long ago may drag her down heading into the general election, as even many Democratic voters seem to distrust her. To win in November, Clinton will need a strong showing from the Democrat base. This data seems to suggest that she has significant problems with her own party s core voters, meaning that if whoever wins the Republican nomination is able to woo these disaffected Democrats into the GOP camp, there could be a blowout in November for the Republican nominee.In 2016, Clinton has received 12,437,734 votes so far. In the states that have already voted this cycle, when she ran and lost back in 2008, Clinton received 12,727,221 votes.Specifically, the data shows, Clinton has seen a decline of 273,321 votes from 2008 to 2016 among states that have already voted this cycle. That 2.15 percent decrease nationally is exacerbated in several key states that Clinton would need to win to secure the presidency in a general election, suggesting that she s extraordinarily weak on the electoral college scale nationally and that whoever wins the GOP nomination will likely be able to thump her in the general in November. Via: Breitbart News
The GOP leadership may want to rethink their position on amnesty for illegals. American citizens (yes, including Hispanic Americans) are more interested in a President who abides by the rule of law than one who is beholden to corporations for donations Build a wall and enforce our border laws it s really pretty simple.Rick Perry blasted Donald Trump for his comments on immigration. It s been widely suggested that those comments would turn off Latino voters and Trump was ridiculed for saying that he could win Latino voters.But the latest, very favorable YouGov poll for Trump, shows Trump doing better with Hispanic respondents than Rick Perry. Trump scores a 19%  very favorable  and a 9% very favorable. He also has a 51% very unfavorable. Rick Perry has a 7% very favorable and a 16% favorable. Of course around a third of Hispanics just don t know who Rick Perry is so it s possible that he could improve his numbers.There are similar numbers for most Republican candidates.Jeb Bush has a 12% very favorable and a 20% favorable. Those are good numbers, but Jeb Bush lags Trump among the very favorables and isn t that far head in the total favorables. Considering that Jeb Bush s people are positioning him as a guy who can talk to Latino voters and has been front and center attacking Trump, those are not impressive numbers.Ben Carson has some of the best numbers among Latinos with a 17% very favorable and a 13% somewhat favorable. His numbers among black voters are actually poor, but he s popular with Latinos.Ted Cruz is at 17% very favorable and 24% favorable. His unfavorables are at a combined 29% with 30% who don t know who he is. These are pretty good numbers.Some of the best numbers come from Mike Huckabee with 19% very favorable and 17% very favorable, but these numbers are skewed because 45% don t know who he is. But his negatives are low. The same goes for Bobby Jindal with 13% and 16% favorables among Hispanics and likewise many don t know who he is.Marco Rubio has a 20% very favorable and 16% somewhat favorable with an unfavorable combined of over 40% with only 21% not knowing who he is.That s the important point about Trump s unfavorability numbers. While they look terrible, it s quite likely that most or all of the Republican candidates will end up with high unfavorables after they become better known and have had enough media attacks leveled against them.When only 11% don t know who Marco Rubio is, his unfavorable numbers will probably still be better than those of Trump, but assuming he won and was nominated, I m not sure how much better they would be by the end of the election.These numbers don t mean that Trump will win the Latino vote. Obviously not. But they do mean that1. The Latino vote is not monolithic. There is concern there about illegal immigration and the resulting gang violence. And economic issues trump immigration. Perry arguably has a better record on that than Trump, but few non-Texans might know that. After all the attacks on Trump, he has some of the highest positive numbers among Republicans. He s beating or neck and neck with immigration panderers.2. Being critical on illegal immigration is not necessarily a political death sentence despite the corporate and media hysteria stirred up to make it look that way.One more piece of bad news, despite Marco Rubio s hard sell as the youth candidate, he s doing no better or worse among younger respondents than Trump. Ted Cruz is doing somewhat better than Rubio.Via: Front Page Magazine
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Reform of Wall Street rules and consumer protects imposed after the 2008 financial crisis is likely this year, and much of the law could be undone through a number of ways, the Republican chairman of a key House of Representatives committee said.  “Dealing with Dodd Frank is a this-year priority. Clearly it comes behind Obamacare, clearly it comes behind tax reform,” House Financial Services Committee Chairman Jeb Hensarling said in a CNBC interview on Tuesday.  
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump on Friday touted Charter Communications Inc’s decision to invest $25 billion in the United States and a plan the company announced before he was elected to hire 20,000 workers over four years. At a White House event with the second-largest U.S. cable company’s Chief Executive Thomas Rutledge and Texas Governor Greg Abbott, Trump praised Charter for planning to close its offshore call centers and move them to the United States. Much of the announcement was not new. Charter said last May that it planned to add 20,000 jobs as part of its merger with Time Warner Cable and acquisition of Bright House Networks. As early as June 2015, Rutledge said Charter would need an additional 20,000 employees after those deals. On a number of occasions, Trump has touted job announcements at the White House that had been previously planned or announced  The company said more than a year ago in February 2016 that it planned to close foreign Time Warner Cable call centers and move the jobs to the United States. On Friday, Trump said, “We’re embracing a new economic model - the American Model. We’re going to massively eliminate job-killing regulations - that has started already, big league - reduce government burdens, and lower taxes that are crushing American businesses and American workers. “You’re going to see thousands and thousands and thousands of jobs, of companies, and everything coming back into our country.” Charter, which has 24 million residential and business customers in 41 states, said on Friday it had committed to Trump to hiring those workers within four years. It plans to invest $25 billion in broadband infrastructure and technology in the next four years. In May 2016 Rutledge said in a recorded interview there would be some overlap in management positions (after the TWC merger) but said the company would hire about 20,000 people over four years.     Rutledge said the broadband investment was being made “in the right regulatory climate and right tax climate ... We’re committed to spending that predicated on the kind of regulatory consistency and efficiency that we expect as a country.” Charter agreed in May 2016 to make significant broadband  investment under a deal with the Federal Communications Commission that was part of winning approval to acquire the cable networks. At that time Charter agreed to extend high-speed internet access to another two million customers within five years, with one million served by a broadband competitor. Federal Communications Commission chairman Ajit Pai said in a statement on Friday that the commission was “working to set rules of the road that encourage companies to build and upgrade broadband networks across the country.” He credited the FCC’s “investment-friendly policies” in part for Charter’s commitments. The agency is considering a petition by the American Cable Association to strike the requirement Charter extend service to areas already served by companies because it could harm smaller competitors. Charter also touted its plans to open a new bilingual call center in McAllen, Texas and said it expects to employ 600 there by the end of 2018. Plans to open a call center in Texas were announced last October.   In December, Trump announced that telecommunications group Sprint Corp and U.S. satellite company OneWeb would bring 8,000 jobs to the United States, and the companies said the positions were part of a previously disclosed pledge by Japan’s SoftBank Group Corp. In January, Sprint Chief Executive Marcelo Claure said of its decision to shift 5,000 call center jobs to the United States that the company “had plans to do this for a while.”  
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Representative Jim Jordan, a leading House conservative, said on Sunday that fellow conservatives are not discussing replacing Speaker Paul Ryan despite unhappiness with the way Republican leaders handled last week’s debt ceiling increase that included no fiscal reforms. Many Republicans are unhappy with the deal President Donald Trump reached last week with Democratic leaders to raise the government’s debt ceiling and allow it to continue financing federal spending programs until Dec. 8. In an interview with Fox News Sunday, Jordan, a Republican, appeared to cast blame for the debt ceiling hike on party leaders including Ryan, saying they had not provided any “good options” to Trump before he struck a deal with Democrats. “In this situation, he (Trump) wasn’t presented with good options,” said Jordan, co-founder and former chairman of the House Freedom Caucus, the most conservative group in the House. “No one is talking about changing the leadership,” Jordan told Fox. He said a Washington Post story last week that reported that conservatives had met with Ryan to express their dismay about the debt ceiling increase was “hardly news,” because the lawmakers meet with Ryan every week. Rebellious conservatives pushed out Republican John Boehner, Ryan’s predecessor, as speaker in 2015. The new plan also authorized spending $15.25 billion in emergency disaster relief for the victims of hurricanes Harvey and Irma. Ninety House Republicans, including many members of the Freedom Caucus, voted against the measure, which Trump has now signed into law. Conservatives have long called for coupling spending reforms with any measures that raise the U.S. debt ceiling. But the deal did the opposite, raising the ceiling and paying for hurricane relief without spending cuts elsewhere. Republican leaders had urged an 18-month extension of the debt ceiling, but Trump accepted the three-month extension  proposed by Democrats. Jordan said he believed Trump has the same vision and focus as the Freedom Caucus, which was to represent people who felt they had been forgotten by officials in Washington. If conservative options are presented to the president, “I’m confident when that happens, he will pick those options that are conservative,” Jordan said. 
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. State Department said on Thursday it was concerned that a non-binding independence referendum planned this year in Iraq’s autonomous Kurdish region will distract from “more urgent priorities” such as the defeat of Islamic State militants. While saying it appreciated the “legitimate aspirations” of the people of Iraqi Kurdistan, the State Department said in a statement it supports a “unified, federal, stable and democratic Iraq” and had voiced concerns about the planned September referendum to Kurdish authorities. “We ... encourage the regional authorities to engage with the government of Iraq on the full range of important issues, including the future of relations between Baghdad and Erbil, on the bases of the Iraqi constitution,” the department said. 
BERLIN (Reuters) - Chancellor Angela Merkel s efforts to forge a three-way ruling coalition dragged into the wee hours of Friday, with some participants warning that differences on climate, migration and finances could still cause the talks to collapse. The conservative leader had set Thursday as a deadline for exploratory talks about forming a coalition with the pro-business Free Democrats (FDP) and the environmentalist Greens - a combination untested at the national level that would allow her to govern for a fourth term as German chancellor. Merkel, 63, had told reporters on Thursday that serious differences remained and the talks could take many hours. Participants girded for a marathon session, or what German media have called the  night of the long knives.  The mood soured noticeably late on Thursday, with parties breaking off to huddle in their respective caucuses before senior negotiators resumed tough discussions on migration. Senior FDP official Alexander Lambsdorff described  serious faces  in a post on Twitter, while FDP deputy leader Wolfgang Kubicki suggested an extension of the talks might be needed. Conservative participants conceded the talks were not going well. The Greens and the Bavarian wing of the conservatives, the Christian Social Union (CSU), even accused each other of blocking an agreement.   Juergen Trittin, a Greens negotiator, used Twitter to illustrate his view of the state of the talks: a clip of reggae star Jimmy Cliff singing,  The harder they come, the harder they fall - one and all.  Failure to clinch a deal could lead to new elections - a scenario none of the negotiating parties wants, for fear the far-right Alternative for Germany (AfD) could make further gains after surging into parliament in the Sept. 24 national vote. Such an outcome would be seen as a so-called black swan event that could weigh heavily on the euro. Merkel tried to break the logjam, at least on climate protection, by offering to reduce coal power generating capacity by 7 gigawatts (GW), sources familiar with the talks said. That is still shy of the 10 GW cut demanded by the Greens, but above an earlier offer of 5 GW. The chancellor is under pressure from her own conservative bloc, particularly the CSU, not to compromise too much to secure a coalition deal, especially on migrants.  The CSU fears losing further ground in a 2018 state election. At stake is a conservative plan to cap the number of people Germany will accept per year on humanitarian grounds at 200,000, a limit the environmental Greens reject.  I don t know if we can resolve all the discrepancies, all the disagreements,  said Joachim Herrmann, a senior member of the CSU, sister party of Merkel s Christian Democrats (CDU). FDP Secretary General Nicola Beer, in a Twitter posting, urged all sides to remain open to compromise:  Don t ask your counterpart for something he can t give. Otherwise you ll get nothing in the end.  Merkel is a skilled negotiator, renowned at European Union summits for building pressure on her negotiating partners and playing on their fatigue. She must leverage all these skills to secure the three-way  Jamaica  coalition, called that because the parties  colors match those of the Caribbean island country s flag.  A failure of Jamaica would be her failure,  wrote the mass-circulation daily Bild. Merkel s partners in Germany s previous  grand coalition  were the center-left Social Democrats (SPD), who have vowed to return to opposition after suffering their worst election result since 1933 in September s national vote. Alice Weidel, co-leader of the far-right AfD, criticized the would-be coalition partners for failing to reach a deal, telling daily Die Welt:  If the (conservative) Union, FDP and Greens don t reach an agreement soon, there should be new elections.  If negotiators agree to a deal after Thursday s talks, it must still pass muster with lower-ranking party officials. A key test would be a Greens conference on Nov. 25, when the party s rank and file would examine any coalition pact. 
On Sunday, thousands of protesters came together for the annual pro-immigration march in downtown Los Angeles, but this year it was as much an anti-Trump rally as it was an immigrant rally. The Republican frontrunner even joined the march and it was awesome.Protesters rolled out a huge balloon effigy of The Donald and marched through the streets chanting about inclusiveness:#MayDay rallies in Los Angeles carry strong anti-Trump theme for his anti-illegal immigration platform pic.twitter.com/xE7elZ8AAg  News18 (@CNNnews18) May 2, 2016 #MayDay Los Angeles pic.twitter.com/6X0isdKPAW  Mike (@mikemcgroarty1) May 1, 2016The march s organizer, Francisco Moreno told the LA Times that the billionaire frontrunner has  no heart :  He s plastic, he doesn t have a heart, he doesn t have a brain. We re not going to vote for Trump! Another protester, Gloria Carrasco, explained why she was at the rally, I m not a drug addict, I m none of what [Trump] says. I want immigration reform. In addition to the pro-immigration theme, protesters were also marching for LGBT rights, worker s rights, Muslims and against police brutality. One sign read, Stand with immigrants, black lives, Muslims, LGBTQ people and low-wage workers! Los Angeles wasn t the only city that held marches on Sunday. In Seattle, thousands of people held their own rally, but the positivity of that event is largely being ignored by media outlets. Instead of reporting about how amazing it was that so many people united for the rights of people across the country, they ve chosen to discuss a few protesters who clashed with police. Yes, nine people were arrested, but this is what the march actually looked like: Several thousand take to streets of Seattle for #MayDay immigration and labor rights details @KIRORadio pic.twitter.com/hKtVjj0Mej  Josh Kerns (@joshkerns38) May 2, 2016Several thousand take to streets of Seattle for #MayDay immigration and labor rights details @KIRORadio pic.twitter.com/hKtVjj0Mej  Josh Kerns (@joshkerns38) May 2, 2016Members of Seattle First Baptist Church giving water to passing marchers. #May1stSea#MayDaypic.twitter.com/LpztGSew4C  El Comit  (@ElComiteWA) May 1, 2016That s what May Day in Seattle actually looked like, not the videos of police violence that you will being played on a loop on the news today.What was clear from the marches in both cities is that the people of this country do not want the bombastic GOP frontrunner as their president. He does not represent us. He does not love this country or its people. The only thing he wants to do is divide us, and immigrants, workers, Muslims, etc. are the scapegoats he needs to appeal to his  poorly educated supporters.  So, remember that when you go to the polls in November and vote blue.Featured image via David McNew/Getty Images
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Eight Republican candidates have qualified for the prime-time Fox News/Google debate on Thursday, with Donald Trump winning the center-stage spot as the top-polling candidate, Fox News announced on Tuesday. But Trump said on Tuesday he likely will not attend the debate. This will be the last one before the Iowa caucuses on Monday marking the first contest in the nomination race for the Nov. 8 presidential election.  Trump has been engaged in a public spat with Fox News that began at a debate last August in which he said he was subject to unfair questioning by moderator Megyn Kelly.  “Let’s see how much money Fox makes without me in the debate,” Trump told the news conference in Marshalltown, Iowa. Senator Rand Paul of Kentucky, who failed to qualify for the main event in the last debate, made the cut this time. The other participants in the 9 p.m. EST debate will be Texas Senator Ted Cruz, Florida Senator Marco Rubio, retired neurosurgeon Ben Carson, New Jersey Governor Chris Christie, former Florida Governor Jeb Bush and Ohio Governor John Kasich. Former Hewlett-Packard Chief Executive Carly Fiorina, former Arkansas Governor Mike Huckabee, former Pennsylvania Senator Rick Santorum and former Virginia Governor Jim Gilmore qualified for the 7 p.m. EST debate for low-polling candidates. After failing to qualify for a prime-time debate held earlier this month, Paul declined to participate in the so-called undercard debate.  (Reporting by Eric Beech; Editing by Eric Walsh) SAP is the sponsor of this coverage which is independently produced by the staff of Reuters News Agency.
A former Muslim and Donald Trump supporter who fled Islam-controlled Kuwait years ago has a warning for Americans this election cycle.Sarah, an ex-Muslim who bravely denounced Islam at a Milo Yiannopoulos speech, said she would absolutely hate it if America started to embrace Islamic culture, the exact culture which led her to flee her native country.She suggested that if American women want to support this oppressive lifestyle, they should go there to experience it. In a nutshell, she s saying,  don t bring it here she came here to escape the intolerance and submissive lifestyle. They [western feminists]show me they really don t care about me by welcoming my attackers into the place that I now call home.' ***Language warning*** I found home in America and I would really hate it if the values that made me find America as my home would be destroyed, so I m with the Trump campaign, I m with the Republican campaign. Keep people out of America that would change America for what we love it for and Milo is just another part of that which is why I support him,  Sarah said.Sarah said she fled Kuwait after her  very Muslim husband  told her that getting a college degree would do nothing for her because she is a woman. If you want to learn about something, go and learn about it,  Sarah said of Americans who are embracing Islam.  You re more than welcome. Become a hostage in Saudi Arabia. Maybe that ll teach you something.  Via: American Lookout 
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A lawyer for U.S. President Donald Trump said on Tuesday that Deutsche Bank (DBKGn.DE) has not received any subpoena for financial records relating to the president or his family as part of the special counsel’s Russia probe. “We have confirmed that the news reports that the Special Counsel had subpoenaed financial records relating to the president are false,” Sekulow told Reuters in a statement. “No subpoena has been issued or received. We have confirmed this with the bank and other sources.” He confirmed the bank in question was Deutsche Bank. 
MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russia is ready to consider easing an arms embargo for Libya, the Interfax news agency cited Russian Deputy Foreign Minister Gennady Gatilov as saying on Wednesday. Libyan Prime Minister Fayez al-Sarraj said this month he was hopeful that a U.N.-imposed arms embargo would be partially lifted against some branches of the country s military. The Libyan government is allowed to import weapons and related materiel with the approval of a U.N. Security Council committee overseeing the embargo imposed in 2011. 
WASHINGTON/HAVANA (Reuters) - Cuba said on Wednesday it was investigating allegations by the United States that unspecified “incidents” caused physical symptoms in Americans serving at the U.S. Embassy in Havana, after two Washington-based Cuban diplomats were expelled.   “Cuba has never, nor would it ever, allow that the Cuban territory be used for any action against accredited diplomatic agents or their families,” the foreign ministry said in a statement late on Wednesday. “It reiterates its willingness to cooperate in the clarification of this situation.” Havana said it had started a “comprehensive, priority and urgent investigation” into the alleged incidents after it had been informed of them by the embassy in February.  Earlier on Wednesday, U.S. State Department spokeswoman Heather Nauert told reporters that the exact nature of the incidents was unclear, but Americans serving in Cuba had returned to the United States for non life-threatening “medical reasons.” The United States first learned of the issues at the embassy in late 2016, she said. “We don’t have any definitive answers about the source or the cause of what we consider to be incidents,” Nauert said. “It’s caused a variety of physical symptoms in these American citizens who work for the U.S. government. We take those incidents very seriously, and there is an investigation currently under way.” As a result, the United States on May 23 asked two Cuban officials in Washington to leave the country and they have done so, Nauert said, an action that Cuba described as “unjustified”.  “What this requires is providing medical examinations to these people,” Nauert said. “Initially, when they’d started reporting what I will just call symptoms, it took time to figure out what it was, and this is still ongoing. So we’re monitoring it.” A U.S. government official said several colleagues at the U.S. embassy in Havana were evacuated back to the United States for hearing problems and other symptoms over the past six months. Some subsequently got hearing aids, said the official, who spoke on condition of anonymity. Washington and Havana re-established diplomatic relations in 2015 after more than five decades of hostilities, re-opening embassies in each other’s capitals and establishing a new chapter of engagement between the former Cold War foes. President Donald Trump rolled back part of his predecessor Barack Obama’s policy toward Cuba, but has left in place many of the changes, including the re-opened U.S. Embassy in Havana. 
The mental exhaustion of being a member of the Republican Party is clearly getting to its politicians. Last week, the (now) Republican congressman of Montana bodyslammed a reporter who asked him for comment on the CBO s devastating assessment of the Republican healthcare bill. This week, Darrell Issa (R-CA) is standing on the roof of his district office. He won t come down.Congressman @DarrellIssa is on the roof of his district office in California avoiding his constituents. No joke. pic.twitter.com/DgwwLl72zY  Yashar Ali (@yashar) May 30, 2017The mental break happened after constituents began showing up at his office to ask him, among other things, about his support for the AHCA which will result in 23 million people losing health insurance. He reportedly spoke with the voters for a few minutes before retreating back into the building.Several hundred in front of @DarrellIssa's office this AM. Issa came out for 5 minutes but refused to engage with those across the street. pic.twitter.com/z6XEw1FPLy  Mike Levin (@MikeLevinCA) May 30, 2017When he re-emerged he was standing on the roof.Yes, this is really @DarrellIssa on the roof of his district office building. Too afraid to come speak with assembled constituents below. pic.twitter.com/wCYRjO8Ev8  Mike Levin (@MikeLevinCA) May 30, 2017Republicans are finding it more and more difficult to defend their actions. Trump, and the party he leads, have begun systematically dismantling many of the programs, reforms, and regulations that have protected Americans and the environment from depredation. Many of the assaults on the country have been done in the name of tax cuts which will disproportionately help the richest people, leaving the poor and middle class with even less than they have now. It s hard to justify that.Adding to the GOP s troubles, their leader is a mentally unstable child whose incompetence is matched only with the apparent corruption running through his administration. Every day more information leaks out about wrongdoing in the Trump White House. And every day, guys like Darrell Issa are forced to defend Trump and further destroy their reputations.So we have a congressman standing on his rooftop refusing to come down, something that would be beyond parody if it hadn t already been explored in comedy.they are making this too easy pic.twitter.com/vtH5aeKzM0  cat comrade (@rachelmillman) May 30, 2017Republican voters need to take a good hard look at who is representing them in Congress. There aren t a lot of things to be proud of. And quite a bit to be completely ashamed of.Featured image via Twitter
BERLIN (Reuters) - German Chancellor Angela Merkel, currently trying to form a new coalition government after September s election, said on Wednesday Germany needed to keep non-wage costs below 40 percent and stressed the importance of budget consolidation. Speaking in a video message played at an employers  conference in Berlin, Merkel said it  remains important to keep non-wage costs under the 40 percent mark . Merkel, who is expected to start coalition talks with the Social Democrats (SPD) after attempts to form an awkward three-way alliance with the liberals and Greens failed, said that during the upcoming talks with the SPD she would emphasize that Germany needed to stick to its course of growth-friendly investment and budget consolidation. 
TOKYO (Reuters) - Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe s ruling bloc scored a big win in Sunday s election, bolstering his chance of becoming the nation s longest-serving premier and re-energizing his push to revise the pacifist constitution. Abe s Liberal Democratic Party-led (LDP) coalition won a combined 312 seats, keeping its two-thirds  super majority  in the 465-member lower house, local media said. A hefty win raises the likelihood that Abe, who took office in December 2012, will secure a third three-year term as LDP leader next September and go on to become Japan s longest-serving premier. It also means his  Abenomics  growth strategy centered on the hyper-easy monetary policy will likely continue. Final official results from the election, which coincided with an approaching typhoon, are expected early on Monday. The U.S.-drafted constitution s Article 9, if taken literally, bans the maintenance of armed forces. But Japanese governments have interpreted it to allow a military exclusively for self-defense. Backers of Abe s proposal to clarify the military s ambiguous status say it would codify the status quo. Critics fear it would allow an expanded role overseas for the military. Abe said he would not stick to a target he had floated of making the changes by 2020.  First, I want to deepen debate and have as many people as possible agree,  he told a TV broadcaster.  We should put priority on that.  The LDP s junior partner, the Komeito, is cautious about changing the constitution, drawn up after Japan s defeat in World War Two. Several opposition parties favor changes, but do not necessarily agree on details. Amendments must be approved by two-thirds of each chamber of parliament and then by a majority in a public referendum.  Now that pro-constitutional change parties occupy more than two-thirds of the parliament, the constitution will be the most important political issue next year,  said Hidenori Suezawa, a financial market and fiscal analyst at SMBC Nikko Securities.   And as we saw in the U.K. ... a referendum could be tricky. So while Abe is likely to be prime minister for the time being, it is too early to say whether he can stay in power until 2021.  Abe declined to say if he would run for a third term. Abe had said he needed a new mandate to tackle a "national crisis" from North Korea's missile and nuclear threats and a fast-aging population, and to approve his idea of diverting revenue from a planned sales tax hike to education and child care from public debt repayment [reut.rs/2yC0pma]. He called the poll amid confusion in the opposition camp and an uptick in his ratings, dented earlier in the year by scandals over suspected cronyism and a perception he had grown arrogant after nearly five years in office. Abe has backed U.S. President Donald Trump s tough stance towards North Korea, which has test-fired missiles over Japan,  that all options, including military action, are on the table. Trump is to visit Japan Nov. 5-7 to reaffirm the leaders  tight ties. Abe s snap poll gamble had seemed risky - some early forecasts saw the LDP losing a significant chunk of seats - after Tokyo Governor Yuriko Koike, often floated as possibly Japan s first female premier, launched her conservative Party of Hope.  That party absorbed a big chunk of the failed main opposition Democratic Party, which abruptly decided to run no candidates of its own. But voter enthusiasm soon waned despite its calls for popular policies such as an exit from nuclear power and a freeze on the planned sales tax rise. Koike did not run for a lower house seat herself - she was  in Paris for a climate change event on Sunday - and failed to say whom her party would back for prime minister.  We had sought to put policies first. But we ended up with a very tough outcome, so I deeply apologize for that,  Koike told NHK. A new Constitutional Democratic Party of Japan (CDPJ), formed by liberal former DP members, got 54 seats, beating the 49 seats of Koike s party to become the biggest opposition group, although both have just a fraction of the LDP s presence.  Day by day, we felt we were getting more voter support for our call to revive more decent politics, and not fret about whether it s right or left wing,  said CDPJ lawmaker Tetsuro Fukuyama. Several experts noted the ruling bloc s win was less a victory for the conservative, long-ruling LDP than a defeat for a divided opposition.  Simply put, this was the self-destruction of the opposition,  said Zentaro Kamei, a senior research fellow at think tank PHP Institute and former LDP lawmaker. Shinjiro Koizumi, the LDP lawmaker son of popular former Premier Junichiro Koizumi, warned against LDP complacency.  It s not just that our party has become arrogant and complacent. People are also getting increasingly fed up with us,  he told NHK. Abe, 63, has already led the LDP and its partner, the Komeito, to four landslide wins since he took the helm of the party. But turnout has been low and the LDP has typically won with about 25 percent of eligible votes. Others either stayed home or backed opposition parties.  Kyodo news agency estimated turnout on Sunday - when heavy rain from powerful Typhoon Lan lashed much of Japan - at 53.7 percent, 1 point above the record low in the last lower house election in 2014. 
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. agency that could bring civil charges against Donald Trump, Jr. if it found he violated campaign finance laws by meeting with a Russian who purportedly had damaging information on Hillary Clinton is often gridlocked by partisan politics and can take years to mete out punishment, legal experts said on Wednesday.  Some Democratic lawmakers want the Federal Election Commission to charge Trump Jr. based on emails in which he eagerly agreed to meet with a woman he was told was a Russian government lawyer with damaging information about Democratic presidential candidate Clinton.  They argue that his enthusiasm was akin to seeking something of “value” from a foreigner, which is prohibited under U.S. campaign laws.  Democrat U.S. Representative Grace Meng wrote to the Federal Election Commission on Wednesday asking it to take up a complaint against Trump Jr. that was filed this week by government watchdog group Common Cause.  The group asked the agency to investigate and said there was “a troubling pattern of President Trump, members of his family and key advisors acting as if they are above the law.”      Judith Ingram, a spokeswoman for the Federal Election Committee, said any complaints it received would be handled confidentially and she declined further comment.    Larry Noble, a former general counsel for the Federal Election Commission who now is senior director of the Campaign Legal Center said he thinks complaints about Trump Jr. have merit and that the agency should investigate. Noble said if the commission rejected or ignored the complaints, outside groups could sue it to try to force an investigation.  The Department of Justice could file criminal charges if there was evidence of wrongdoing by Trump Jr., but such decisions would be left to special counsel Robert Mueller, who is investigating  possible collusion between the Trump campaign and Russia during the 2016 presidential campaign.     The Federal Election Commission consists of six commissioners, traditionally three Republicans and three Democrats, but vacancies have left just one Democrat, an independent and three Republicans.  To begin an investigation against Trump Jr., four of the commissioners would need to consent. If any of the Republicans declined to consent the group would be gridlocked. Former Federal Election Commission Chair Ann Ravel has been a vocal critic of the agency, writing in a report earlier this year that it was “deadlocked” by partisan division. She cited the agency’s refusal to investigate secretly owned shell corporations contributing millions to political groups known as Super PACS, thereby making it impossible to determine the source of the cash. She noted that in 2006 commissioners were deadlocked in  2.9 percent of substantive votes in Matters Under Review that were closed that year. In 2016, the commissioners deadlocked in 30 percent of all substantive votes taken in such matters. In 2006, she wrote, the Commission assessed more than $5.5 million in civil monetary penalties for Matters Under Review. In 2016, it imposed a total of $595,425 in civil monetary penalties for Matters Under Review.  In an opinion piece for The New York Times in February, she wrote, “What we are left with is an agency mandated to ensure transparency and disclosure that is actually working to keep the public in the dark.” Paul S. Ryan, a lawyer with Common Cause who filed the complaint against Trump Jr., acknowledged that the agency’s enforcement power is “very weak.”     “Our best hope ... is going to be Robert Mueller’s investigation,” he said. 
BRUSSELS (Reuters) - The European Union will cut back contacts with Myanmar s top generals in a first step to increase sanctions over an army  offensive that has driven more than 500,000 Rohingya Muslims out of the country, according to a draft document seen by Reuters. Thousands of the Rohingya fled for Myanmar to Bangladesh on Monday in a new surge of refugees driven by fears of starvation and violence which the United Nations denounced as ethnic cleansing. The United States and the European Union have been considering targeted sanctions against Myanmar military leaders, though the European bloc sees its options as relatively limited, with no hard-hitting, direct leverage on the ground.  EU foreign ministers will discuss the situation in Myanmar on Oct.16, and their draft joint statement said the bloc  will suspend invitations to the commander-in-chief of the Myanmar/Burma armed forces and other senior military officers . The text, which will be discussed further by envoys from the 28 EU states on Tuesday and may be modified, said the EU may consider further measures depending on developments in Myanmar but would  respond accordingly to positive developments . The document confirmed support for an existing EU embargo on arms and equipment  that can be used for internal repression .  It called on Myanmar to discuss repatriating refugees from neighboring Bangladesh and praised the latter for its role in the crisis, which started when attacks by Rohingya militants on security posts brought a ferocious military response. Refugees and rights groups say the army and Buddhist vigilantes use killing and arson to drive the Rohingya out of Myanmar. Myanmar rejects accusations of ethnic cleansing. The EU draft characterized the situation in the most-affected Rakhine State as  extremely serious  and said Kachin and Shan provinces were also  of great concern.   It called on all sides to cease violence, told the military to  end its operations  and protect all civilians equally, as well as calling on Myanmar to allow humanitarian access to the affected regions. The West has invested politically in Myanmar leader and Nobel peace laureate Aung San Suu Kyi, who has faced scathing international criticism for not doing more to stop the violence. While the EU feels disillusioned, it also acknowledges Aung San Suu Kyi has little influence over Myanmar s security forces. The move to punish the army head is largely symbolic as the West is also wary of hurting the wider economy or destabilizing already-tense ties between Suu Kyi and the army. Its leverage on the ground fades compared to that of Myanmar s immediate neighbors, including China.  
A former FBI informant who blew the whistle on a high-profile bribery case involving a Russian energy company was intimidated by Obama administration lawyers into dropping a civil suit against the government last year, his attorney says.WATCH: @BillHemmer's full interview w/ Victoria Toensing, the attorney for @FBI informant allegedly threatened by the Obama Administration. pic.twitter.com/MkBlH7Ilq0  Fox News (@FoxNews) October 27, 2017Victoria Toensing spoke to Bill Hemmer This Morning regarding threats to the FBI informant from Obama s DOJ: President Obama  thought it was just okay to threaten a witness who wanted to give information about corruption. Fox News Updated: LIBERTY AND REPUTATION IN JEOPARDY  Victoria Toensing, the lawyer for the informant, told The Daily Caller s Vince Coglianese that Obama Justice Department lawyers told her client that  his reputation and liberty [was] in jeopardy  if he did not drop a lawsuit against the government.On Wednesday, the Trump Justice Department released the informant from a confidentiality agreement, clearing the way for him to testify before several congressional committees about his undercover work at Uranium One, a Canada-based energy company that has ties to Bill and Hillary Clinton and their family foundation.In 2010, the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States (CFIUS), an inter-agency governmental committee that reviews applications for foreign purchases of companies, granted the Russia-owned energy company Rosatom the right to purchase Uranium One. Via: Daily Caller
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump’s administration is preparing an executive order that will require all U.S. food aid to be transported on American ships, according to four sources with knowledge of the deliberations. Currently, 50 percent of such aid must be transported on U.S.-flagged vessels. The sources said Trump is considering going as far as doubling that to 100 percent, a move likely to stir opposition from both Republicans and Democrats. “An executive order is being drafted by the White House,” one source with knowledge of discussions told Reuters, adding that it was being discussed among government lawyers. Although unlikely to have any significant effect on the $4 trillion global cargo shipping industry, the initiative touted as part of Trump’s “America First” platform may slow food aid getting to millions of people and do little to create jobs, critics said.  Aid groups, and members of Congress from both parties have been working for years to lower, or eliminate, the 50 percent shipping requirement. The United States, the world’s largest provider of humanitarian assistance, spent about $2.8 billion on foreign food aid in 2016. About half of that is estimated to go to shipping and storage. The conservative-leaning American Enterprise Institute said in a November report that shipping food aid on U.S.-flagged vessels costs 46 percent more than aid shipped at internationally competitive rates and can take as much as 14 weeks longer.     Supporters say Trump’s initiative would not only create new U.S. jobs in the shipping industry but that U.S.-controlled food shipments are important for national security because the U.S. fleet could be transferred to the military in case of a conflict. Critics argue the order would create few, if any, jobs. Food aid is a very small percentage of the worldwide sea cargo flow, while the security issue is moot as most cargo ships are too slow for use by the 21st century military.   The costs would also be far higher by eliminating competition for shipping contracts with lower-cost international carriers, requiring more U.S. taxpayer dollars to feed fewer people, they say. A spokesman for USAID, which oversees U.S. humanitarian programs, declined to comment, referring the question to the White House.  Natalie Strom, a spokeswoman for the White House said, “We don’t comment on any potential EO’s (executive orders) that may or may not be in the works.” Trump has submitted a budget outline that proposed steep cuts in spending on foreign aid, which accounts for just 1 percent of all U.S. spending. Members of Congress from both parties said they opposed that plan. With the world facing four potential famines, and struggles to care for millions displaced by conflicts in Syria, Iraq and Afghanistan, critics have been pushing to eliminate what they see as an unnecessary regulation that already adds $50 million a year to the cost of providing aid. Tom Hart, North America executive director at The One Campaign, a non-profit group co-founded by U2’s Bono to fight poverty, said the regulation would hinder getting life-saving food assistance to the people Americans are trying to help.     “Millions of people could be denied the food aid they need to survive if the cargo preference requirement is doubled,” said Hart. Senator Bob Corker, the influential Republican chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, has been an especially vocal critic of the shipping requirement. He and another committee member, Democratic Senator Chris Coons, have filed legislation to ease the requirement.  After hearing about the potential order, senators from both parties called senior administration officials to let them know this would not be supported in Congress, a Senate aide told Reuters. “They’ve been warned,” the aide added. 
MOSCOW (Reuters) - A Russian general killed in Syria had been seconded to the Syrian government as a military commander, Russia s military chief of staff said on Wednesday. Moscow has long been a staunch ally of Syria, but the role of the deceased general reveals the extent to which Russia has become an integral part of President Bashar al Assad s ruling system. Lieutenant-General Valery Asapov, 51, was killed on Saturday by shelling from Islamic State positions near Deir al-Zor. He was the chief of staff of Russian forces deployed to the country and later became the commander of Syria s Fifth Corps of volunteers, chief of general staff Valery Gerasimov said. It was known that the Syrian Fifth Attack Troop Corps of volunteers, formed in late 2016, was equipped and advised by the Russians, but Damascus and Moscow had not previously announced it was under Russian command. Speaking at Asapov s funeral, Gerasimov said:  High prestige combined with care were outstanding features of his work.  Of course, those qualities were displayed during his working trip to the Syrian Arab Republic, where he had been deployed from February this year,  Gerasimov said, addressing Asapov s family and colleagues.  He worked as the chief of staff of the group of our forces and then was in command of the Fifth Corps of volunteers ... A treacherous shell cut short his life.  A security specialist, who worked in Syria alongside the Russian and Syrian military, said Asapov was de facto the commander of Syria s Fifth Corps but he may have been listed as chief military adviser on paper.  Syrian officers relied completely on our officers,  he said. Hundreds of people, most of them from the Russian military, attended the funeral at the Federal Military Memorial Cemetery for Asapov who became the highest ranking military officer to be killed in the Syrian war. Inscriptions in Russian and Arabic on some of garlands said they were sent by President al-Assad, Syrian ministers and military commanders. 
Are police officers finally getting sick and tired of walking around on eggshells while being disrespected and abused by the Obama-Soros F*ck The Police crowds?  It s good to see our law enforcement officers actually doing what they re paid to do without coddling Bernie and Hillary s basement dwellers Watch: Protesters outside Trump rally start to attack SD police officers, who hit back. pic.twitter.com/4bSZHVQAck  Jacob Rascon (@Jacobnbc) May 27, 2016Here s a video of a F*ck Trump sign carrier who was pepper sprayed by police. Watch the black man near the end of the video ask her,  Was it worth it? Watch: Protester tries to recover after she is pepper sprayed in the face by a SWAT officer. pic.twitter.com/9nocgenykr  Jacob Rascon (@Jacobnbc) May 28, 2016Here is a great time lapse video of thousands of Trump fans lined up to get into his San Diego, CA rally. It s interesting how there doesn t appear to be a single act of violence anywhere in this video:Time-lapse: Thousands of Trump supporters still in line for SD rally nearly five hours after doors opened. pic.twitter.com/fzcSpZAWV8  Jacob Rascon (@Jacobnbc) May 27, 2016Here are some of the responses to the YUGE San Diego Trump rally line by Twitter users:For the record and your future reporting: San Diego is NOT a big GOP area. Obama won SD County 55-44% in '08, 51.5-46.4% in '12!  George Biagi (@hoyageorge) May 27, 2016https://twitter.com/nancyporras13/status/736351982521192448Here is a tweet from leftist San Diego councilman encouraging anti-Trump protesters. Saying San Diego will #StopTrump :This lady refuses to let go of the Trump pi ata. Says she will carry it until the end. San Diego will #StopTrump pic.twitter.com/BwTPqcGoq2  David Alvarez (@AlvarezSD) May 27, 2016https://twitter.com/realHJTrinity/status/736335102376955904 
LONDON (Reuters) - Donald Trump was being a gentleman, British Prime Minister Theresa May said, describing when the U.S. president held her hand during her visit to Washington earlier this year. In an interview with U.S. magazine Vogue, May played down the importance of the two leaders holding hands. “I think he was actually being a gentleman,” she said. “We were about to walk down a ramp, and he said it might be a bit awkward.” May was the first foreign leader to meet Trump after his inauguration as president, and her visit was hailed by her aides as a resounding success in cementing the “special relationship” between Britain and the United States. But she has been criticized by opposition lawmakers for failing to take the U.S. president to task on contentious issues in order to win promises for future trade as Britain navigates its departure from the European Union. “I like to think we got on,” she told Vogue. “We don’t comment on private conversations that take place. All I would say is, I’ve been very clear: I’m not afraid to raise issues. And the nature of the relationship is such that we should be able to be frank and open with each other.” 
CHICAGO (Reuters) - Any hope for a break in Illinois’ long-running budget stalemate devolved into more partisan bickering and deeper divisions on Wednesday as the state legislature ended its spring session without a deal on a spending plan for a third year in a row. Democrats and Republicans blamed at each other for an impasse that gives Illinois the dubious distinction of being the only state to go nearly two straight fiscal years without a complete budget. A third budget-less year risks potential downgrades of Illinois’ already low credit ratings. Citing Republican Governor Bruce Rauner’s unwillingness to meet, House Speaker Michael Madigan, a Chicago Democrat, said budget talks will move to a June overtime session in which a tougher vote of a three-fifths majority will be needed for approval. “The governor’s reckless strategy of holding the budget hostage to create leverage for his corporate agenda that pads the profits of large corporations and insurance companies has for the third year left Illinois without a budget at the end of the May legislative session,” Madigan said in a statement.  Rauner returned fire at a state capitol news conference. “Today we’ve seen a complete dereliction of duty by the (Democratic) majority in the General Assembly, once again, a tragic failure to serve the people of Illinois, a tragic failure to pass a balanced budget along with critical structural changes to protect taxpayers and grow more jobs,” the governor said.  Democratic Senate President John Cullerton blamed Rauner for blocking a budget by trying to kill a bipartisan spending and reform package in the Senate and later being murky in his preferences for property-tax freeze legislation that he had demanded in exchange for supporting new revenue.  “(Rauner) came in the middle of the process, told Republicans to vote no, didn’t give support and the same thing happened in the House. The Republicans didn’t vote for anything, and as a result, we don’t have a budget,” Cullerton told reporters. The Senate last week passed a $37.3 billion fiscal 2018 budget plan that includes income tax hikes, a sales tax on services and spending cuts without Republican votes. That budget legislation was not taken up by the House. Illinois, the nation’s fifth-largest state, has been limping toward the June 30 end of its second-consecutive fiscal year operating under court-ordered spending, stopgap spending, and ongoing appropriations mandated by law.  As a result, the state’s pile of unpaid bills has topped $14 billion. Rating agencies, which have pushed Illinois down the credit scale six times to a level two steps above junk since  January 2015, have signaled more downgrades are possible.  The state’s cash crunch has delayed $1.1 billion in payments to public school districts, led to big spending cuts at state universities, and put social services providers on life support. Before adjourning, the House and Senate approved a school-funding overhaul, legislation authorizing the sale of the state’s main office building in Chicago, and a minimum wage hike. Republicans opposed each measure, and none passed by large enough margins to fend off potential Rauner vetoes. 
21st Century Wire says What is wrong with Chris Matthews?In the following clip from RT America s Redacted Tonight, host Lee Camp looks at a stunning revelation from MSNBC s Chris Matthews, who once famously said he had a strange feeling up his leg while watching Obama talk; a feeling that he described as an  objective assessment .Matthews flat out states that there is a plan in place at MSNBC to announce Hillary as the clear winner, hours before anything is officially declared, to make people think they will be wasting their time by going out to vote for Bernie.This is a stunning example of the dirty tricks that the mainstream media will play to further their preferred establishment candidate s position in the race: EVERYTHING ON ELECTION 2016: 21st Century Wire Election Files
Remember when Michelle Obama told an adoring crowd at the DNC Convention how she had to suffer through living in the White House that was  built by slaves ?Remember in 2015, when President Barack Obama used the  n  word during an interview where he talked about racism in America, and actually tried to convince the host that blacks are victims of racism today, as much as they were 200-300 years ago.Barack Obama invoked the most charged racial slur in American society during an interview published on Monday, as part of an argument that while the US has made great strides toward equality, racism still pervades the nation. Racism, we are not cured of it. And it s not just a matter of it not being polite to say nigger in public. That s not the measure of whether racism still exists or not,  Obama told comedian Marc Maron, who interviewed the president for his popular podcast on Friday and released their conversation online on Monday. It s not just a matter of overt discrimination. Societies don t, overnight, completely erase everything that happened 200 to 300 years prior. The legacy of slavery, Jim Crow, discrimination in almost every institution of our lives,  he continued,  that casts a long shadow and that s still part of our DNA that s passed on. Watch:Well, it appears that lifetime victims, Barack and Michelle Obama have finally broken the chains of oppression that have been holding them back since they moved from their mansion in Chicago in 2008, to the White House, and then to their multi-million pad in DC, as they set their sites on 2 separate pieces of VACANT land on Martha s Vineyard valued at $12 million and $15 million each.Word around the island is that the Obamas, who ve rented a place on the Vineyard for the past several summers, are looking to buy. The former first family has many friends on Martha s Vineyard   Harvard professors Henry Louis  Skip  Gates and Charles Ogletree, and former Obama adviser Valerie Jarrett, to name just a few   and they would like to own a place of their own on the island.The 44th president and his wife, Michelle, are believed to be focused  up island,  looking at homes or buildable lots in the rural communities of Aquinnah, Chilmark, and West Tisbury. (It s worth noting that the Obamas have always rented  up island,  including for a two-week stay this summer.)No one s talking, least of all realtors, but we re told that one property that may be getting a long look is a magnificent waterfront outpost in Aquinnah owned by Caroline Kennedy and her husband, Edwin Schlossberg. A few years ago, the couple, who inherited from Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis the 377-acre Red Gate Farm overlooking the Atlantic Ocean, subdivided the property and put two parcels on the market.Both are still available   but they don t come cheap. Sotheby s International Realty is listing a 75-acre parcel for $15 million, and a second 40-acre parcel for $12 million.The listing broker, George Ballantyne of Gibson Sotheby s International Realty, declined to talk to us. The properties appear on multiple sites, including Hancock Real Estate and Sand Piper Realty, which are both located on the Vineyard.  Boston Globe 
In a sit-down interview with Fox and Friends, Brian Kilmeade asked President Trump what he thought of Nancy Pelosi s comments yesterday on the cusp of his first major speech tonight. Kilmeade told Trump that Pelosi said,  Basically he s done nothing.   President Trump responded,  Well I ve been watching Nancy s statements and I think she s incompetent actually, you know, if you look at what s going on with uh, the Democrats and the party, it s getting smaller and smaller. We re soon going to have a one-party system. I actually think a two-party system is healthy and good. She s done a terrible job and I don t think she s a good spokesman. "I think she's incompetent, actually, you know, if you look at what's going on with the Democrats and the party."  @POTUS on Nancy Pelosi pic.twitter.com/AtLD3Enayk  FOX & friends (@foxandfriends) February 28, 2017
Shawn Helton 21st Century WireTruth is often stranger than fiction when looking at the bizarre phenomena surrounding many mass casualty incidents   and the Orlando Pulse nightclub shooting was no exception.It was recently revealed that the world s largest security firm G4S, who had employed the man named in the Orlando pulse nightclub shooting, Omar Mateen  is a client of the mass casualty staging company called CrisisCast.  STAGING REALITY    CrisisCast specializes in replicating mass casualty events. (Screen Capture from Crisis Cast)Training for DisasterThe heavily-stylized company CrisisCast, appears to be a revamped version of the Visionbox Crisis Actors project (a crisis actor production emerging after Sandy Hook), with a professional team of actors, elaborate film crews, expert producers and theatrical effects makeup squads mimicking real-life injuries (additional prosthetics)   all focused to deliver a simulated crisis-like reality to the public, later to be managed accordingly through their public relations division via various forms of social media.RELATED: (VIDEO)  Active Shooter  and  Terror  Drills: The Truth WILL Shock YouIn CrisisCast s  about  section we see a sophisticated amalgam of emergency protocol disaster training combined with  internationally credited film crews,  that bring their high-end stagecraft to life, through a collection of  role players, stunts, medical simulations and combat flashpoints, cloaked in visual tricky, with film techniques out of the UK and Australia, so says the group s website.Below is a road traffic collusion demo created by lead CrisisCast producer/founder Brian Mitchell (has worked on Hollywood studios and holds National security clearance) featured on Vimeo. The scenario is filmed from multiple angles, with quick cut editing that disorients, as we see an individual (crisis actor) in the aftermath of a crash   struck by the emotional weight of the scene   screaming out to a gaggle of onlookers after witnessing the staged carnage. The strange episode leaves one with a feeling of phantom trauma that continues to lurk.When recreating large scale mass casualty incidents, Cast may also make use of  pyrotechnics, wardrobe, special effects, covert and aerial footage,  depending on the clients needs.In a passage from their  solutions  section, an outline to basic formatting for a simulated crisis is revealed: Our producers work with your trainers to create a  script  that enables the role play actors to know when to trigger key developments in an evolving crisis management scenario. We brief and rehearse the team   where possible on location   but at least with video surveillance footage.Heads of department manage each discipline and report to the lead producer who is your direct contact at all times. In addition to stage-managing a crisis scenario with a highly fluid production team, Cast also centers its strategy on  lockdown and evacuation procedures, [with] the ability of emergency services to co-operate,   and the ever important task of having the  joint ability to respond to the press,  in a partnership with the company s clients through a multitude of social media platforms on the internet. The  crowdsourcing  techniques employed by Visionbox Crisis Actors comes to mind.  OUR CRISIS    A promotional shot from CrisisCast s website featuring a riot scene in London. (Image Scource: crisiscast) Nothing works as effectively in dealing with real-world disasters as rehearsal.    CrisisCastAlso note worthy, Cast states, it has the ability to create  highly credible, dramatic scenarios to bear preparing your people for the worst, employing both  psychological and practical tools,  in their disaster training   all the while making sure that role playing actors, as well as crew have signed non-disclosure agreements (NDA s) before each scripted event. Here s another passage depicting the kind of psychological implementation used to achieve a successful Cast simulation: Our role play actors are psychologically trained in criminal and victim behaviour. They bring intense realism to simulated mass casualty incidents on the battlefield, during kidnap and ransom and emergency evacuation situations and in hostile threat incidents in urban or public places.In so doing, CrisisCast provides learners with an irrevocable first encounter with the emotional challenges of any hostile incident. Other clients of Cast include The London City Airport and UK Trade & Investment, along with many other leading companies worldwide. From CrisisCast to Hollywood Also featured on Cast s website, Francesca Hunt (Professional actress and lead producer and co-founder of CrisisCast), explaining why  authentic  stress behaviors are so important when recreating a crisis. . According unitedagents.co.uk, Hunt herself is a theater trained actress, having studied at Oxford (1983-86) graduate, Bristol Old Vic (1987-89) and Moscow Arts Theatre 1989. She has been featured in several Hollywood films such as  Charlie and the Chocolate Factory (2005), Strathblair (1992) and A Prince Among Men (1997) on her IMDB page.  The page also states she is married to Brian (Mitchell?, CrisisCast Founder?).  FROM ONE STAGE TO ANOTHER    Here s an image from Charlie and the Chocolate Factory (2005) featuring James Fox, Julia Winter, Francesca Hunt. (Image Source:pinterest)A-LIST: Here s a head shot depicting Hunt as seen on United Agents  On another note, Cast s blog features a host of promotional interviews and research studies, as well as fear inducing titles such as  How to set fire to a school,   Roleplaying for riot control,  and  Columbia   education in the face of violence. In the YouTube clip below, the intricate dynamics within a staged crisis are witnessed when  fictional  European countries are pitted against one another during riot-scene training with the Black Watch, 3rd Battalion, Royal Regiment of Scotland (3 SCOTS)   The video mentions the UN s involvement as well   could this kind of  training  also be used under a modern day Operation GLADIO? They ll have to be prepared for an escalation of force.    Forces TVIn an article published with The Guardian entitled  How to simulate a terrorist atrocity,  Crisis Cast digs into their bag of tricks to deliver:  a drill to test the skills and capabilities of the police, counter-terrorism units, fire and ambulance services in the north of England in the event of a terrorist attack   in this case, involving a suicide bombing and masked gunmen. A video clip shows a bomb going off outside a burger restaurant, which leaves dozens of people lying  killed  or  injured  on the ground, while others run off screaming.   SIMULATED TERROR     Even though you knew it wasn t real, it really felt real,  said one actors from the Trafford Centre terror drill. (Image Source: crisiscast)CrisisCast clients include Deloitte, G4S, the British Home Office, the NHS, and others.As 21WIRE has previously reported, this induces kind of cognitive dissonance for passive audiences, which often blocks a viewer from considering another perspective following a traumatic event   You have to wonder, what is really being learned during these events?Watch the following  suicide terrorist  drill performed with a full cast of paid UK crisis actors held in Manchester, England in May 2016: Looking at what we ve learned above, is it possible that CrisisCast s productions could extend in a recreation of a terror based story line using the concept of a criminal  lone wolf  persona?The Strange Script in OrlandoWe ve been told that in addition to working for one of the largest security firms in the US since 2007, G4S Secure Solutions, the 29-year old Mateen, the alleged Orlando shooter, an Afghani-American located in Port St. Lucie, Florida, was placed under a terror watch list for 10 months (interviewed two to three times by the FBI 2013-14) as well as appearing in two documentary feature films. Most notably, a short interview in a major Hollywood designer documentary called The Big Fix in 2012, discussing the BP oil spill at Deep Water Horizon.Mateen at the 36 minute mark, played the part of a concerned security guard, taking on a scripted activist-type character revealing that  everybody is out to get paid,  and that  they want more disaster to happen, cuz that s where there money making is  even though he was currently working for the world s largest security contractor overseeing the apparent environmental crisis.Indeed, Mateen was also featured in another documentary called Love City Jalalabad (2013), a feature supposedly depicting progressive Afghani youth and a quest for social change, created by the abstract artist/filmmaker George Gittoes, whose works delve into the holographic and hyperreal, as he was also said to be a former collaborator with the famed screen print legend Andy Warhol and holographic pioneer physicist Zoltan Hegedus (hat-tip 21WIRE contributor Randy Johnson).Gittoes has a background in politically charged propaganda films, with him  [Creating a] series of works including The Hotel Kennedy Suite and The Kent State Suite responding to events in the United States, including anti-Vietnam War protests and the Kent State shootings at Kent State University, Ohio,  in 1970.Additionally, during a time of great upheaval, Gittoes  [traveled] to Bosnia (April May) on a privately sponsored trip to document United Nations- monitored elections. Produces series of paintings based on the people of Sarajevo, the capital of Bosnia and Herzegovina, and documents the effects of the 1992 96 Bosnian War for independence, the longest siege of a city in the history of modern warfare. Gittoes then traveled to Iraq four times between March 2003 and May 2004, making a trilogy of films based on The War On Terror.Comparatively, in an article written by Jay Dyer of Jay s Analysis we re reminded of other connections with intelligence agencies and Hollywood. Here s a passage where Dyer observes historical links between the CIA and Hollywood, through the former CIA general counsel: Author John Rizzo has recently published a book titled Company Man: Thirty Years of Controversy and Crisis in the CIA, which is an amazing admission of this scandalous affair between intelligence and the film industry.  The L.A. Times comments: The CIA has long had a special relationship with the entertainment industry, devoting considerable attention to fostering relationships with Hollywood movers and shakers studio executives, producers, directors, big-name actors,  John Rizzo, the former acting CIA general counsel, wrote in his new book,  Company Man: Thirty Years of Crisis and Controversy in the CIA.The CIA also recruits actors to give more visibility to propaganda projects abroad, such as a documentary secretly produced by the agency, Rizzo said. And the agency sometimes takes advantage of the door-opening cachet that movie stars and other American celebrities enjoy. A star who met a world leader, for example, might be asked for details about that meeting.The CIA has officials assigned full-time to the care and feeding of Hollywood assets, Rizzo wrote.  Other former CIA officials added that some of those operatives work in the Los Angeles office of an agency department called the National Resources Division, which recruits people in the U.S. to help America spy abroad. Through the connections above, were also reminded of the alleged Orlando shooter s father, Seddique Mateen, who is closely tied to some of the most powerful leaders and agencies in Washington DC. Here s a passage from a recent 21WIRE report discussing a deeper intelligence connection with the Mateen family: Omar Mateen, worked as a contractor for the US Department of Homeland Security, then we learned that the elder Mateen is also standing to run for President of Afghanistan and is allied with the Taliban leadership   an absolutely ideal profile for a Washington-managed, CIA controlled-opposition political candidate. SEE ALSO: Father of Orlando Shooter is Long-time CIA AssetWhat is the public to make of Mateen s own acting and film background as it relates to America s largest mass shooting   are we again seeing a clear link between Hollywood and military/security services?Was the Orlando shooting also a production of sorts?The theatrical aspects of this event, as depicted in the media over the last 6 days   are so pervasive and over-the-top that one might easily conclude that there is much more at play than a lone gunman and a  saddened but resilient community determined to overcome this senseless and horrific tragedy.  The media script seems already written before the killer is even named.Crisis Actors    Agents of Change Here Peekay Truth shows a video depicting strange elements surrounding the Orlando shooting The  dancing actor  clip depicted above is reminiscent of the October drill said to have taken place during the Canadian Parliament shooting in 2014, where many wondered why police and security services were seen laughing and joking supposedly in the midst of a serious tragedy. As Seen on TV : Orlando s Acting Professionals Additionally, there was a Pulse nightclub goer seen immediately making the media rounds on TV following the dramatic shooting event, one Luis Burbano, an actor/model featured in a few Hollywood films, according to his IMDB bio.Here s a YouTube clip featuring Burbano s media appearance   One of the Orlando shooting survivors has admitted to locking an exit door, putting dozens of revelers  lives at risk during the massacre.The revelations about Luis Burbano s actions the night of the shooting have come to light after he gave an interview, saying he  regrets  his second chance at life.Nearby, he saw people moving through a small  employee s only  door hidden behind a curtain, and followed after. On the other side of the door was a narrow hallway where Burbano estimates about 20 people were crawling over each other to get to the exit at the other end. Burbano says he decided to shut the door behind him because the hallway was getting dangerously overcrowded. Here s another out-of-town Pulse club goer, Shawn Royster Santiago, from New York City, who apparently witnessed the shooting and who also happens to have a media/acting and modeling pedigree as well.According to Santiago s ModelMayhem profile it states, [I ve been] modeling and performing in the entertainment industry off and on since i was 11,  having appeared in a variety of projects such as Television/Commercials,  and he currently works as a  Visual Merchandiser.  Watch him in the news clip below shortly after the Orlando shooting attack Additionally, the YouTube video montages another interview with the professional actor and model named Luis Burbano, where he  admits  was blocking an exit at the time of the shooting The media linked personality, Patience Carter, from Philadelphia, PA, has also caused many to ask questions. Watch this YouTube clip from Now the Truth, to see her role in the Orlando story  Here s a review of some previously covered anomalies here at 21WIRE As we previously reported, though the Orlando shooting attack was officially stated to have been carried out around 2am, The Daily Mail published Facebook posts from people apparently inside the club that contradict the main timeline, suggesting the shooting happened much earlier.Here are the Facebook comments featured in the Daily Mail  for review If these time stamps are correct and the posts have not been doctored in any way, then these posts present a pretty major crack in the official timeline of events at Pulse nightclub.Here s another clip with the animated YouTube personality Peekay Truth outlining the Daily Mail time discrepancy associated with the Orlando shooting The UK s Independent published an article displaying an eyewitness account that directly contradicts the lone gunman theory pushed by all major media outlets in the aftermath of the shooting: Police did not immediately name the gunman or provide a possible motive for the attack but officials have classified the rampage as a  domestic terrorism incident , Orange County Sheriff Jerry Demings said.Javer Antonetti, 53, told the Orlando Sentinel newspaper he was near the back of the dance club when he heard gunfire.  There were so many (shots), at least 40,  he said.  I saw two guys and it was constant, like  pow, pow, pow, . From a logistical stand point Mateen s ability to carry out the shooting by himself seems to be another questionable aspect to an increasingly troubled case.Another club eyewitness Jon Alamo,  heard 20, 40, 50 shots, and then  The music stopped. While the stress of the incident could account for some differences, forensically it s hard to believe Mateen would have been able to have the ability to shoot over hundred people with only 50 some shots.According to multiple eyewitness accounts people inside the club mentioned that there was possibly as many as four shooters in and around the area. The witness seen in the image just below described the following: Then he [Mateen] called someone he knew and he mentioned that he was the fourth shooter, and there were three others. One of the main mainstream media protagonists from the Orlando Shooting event was a man named Chris Hansen, an aspiring actor and entertainer who played a central role as  survivor  and  hero  in a number of heavily rotated media clips depicting the aftermath of the event. Watch:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z1SMbQNnGQI . Fake Trauma & Staged Casualty Drills Back in March, 21WIRE also covered the suspicious Brussels airport attack, that coincidentally revealed a host of inter-agency mass casualty drills taking place on the global stage: In October of 2015, SputnikNews reported massive NATO drills in Belgium and other member countries: On October 21, the largest NATO military exercises in 13 years moved into an active phase testing threat response. The drills involve over 36,000 troops from 30 NATO and partner countries. The first phase of the Trident Juncture drills began October 3, running for two weeks in Canada, Norway, Germany, Belgium and the Netherlands. The second part is taking place in southern Europe   Spain, Italy, and Portugal   as well as in the Mediterranean Sea and the Atlantic Ocean. Similarly, in February, The Daily Mail published an article reporting  Europe s largest-ever disaster response training exercise : Police, firefighters and paramedics will this week work side-by-side with more than 70 partner agencies including local councils, utility companies and specialist search and rescue teams to respond to the disaster during the four-day drill.Disaster victim identification teams from all UK police regions are also working alongside other forensic specialists in a mortuary on site.Teams will also be working alongside firefighters from Italy, Hungary and Cyprus who will also be mobilised to the incident on Wednesday.Although this scenario is not a terrorist attack, we will be practising procedures and systems that are common to any emergency that results in a large number of fatalities and injuries.   CRISIS ACTORS    Two actors seen with fake gory wounds are laughing in between simulated takes. (Photo link livestream)That s not all. Back in 2013,  a full-scale emergency drill at Brussels Airport to test and evaluate the preparedness of our airport emergency services in the event of an incident. Here s a YouTube video depicting the Brussels Airport drill in April of 2013, and then again in April of 2015 Here s a YouTube clip featuring CNN s Poppy Harlow discussing amputee actors engaged in military training drills, to give soldiers a heightened combat-like experience Orlando in SummaryIt should be mentioned again that events like the Orlando shooting and other  mass-shootings , have become a serrated catalyst to usher in calls for endless new protocols for  security , inter-agency fusion, emergency medical procedures, as well as the injection of more and more military terminology into civilian life.Once again, the Orlando shooting attack is an illusory shooting event  winding in the likes of Hollywood, the CIA and the FBI.END OF PART TWOStay tuned for more Orlando shooting updates SEE ALSO: ORLANDO  KNOWN WOLF  Watched by FBI, Worked with DHS, Amid Crisis Actors, Drills & CI sREAD MORE ORLANDO SHOOTING NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Orlando FilesHelp support us by becoming a 21WIRE Member at: 21WIRE.TV
 UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - Nine former U.S. ambassadors to the United Nations warned Congress in a letter on Tuesday that slashing funding for the world body would weaken Washington’s global influence by ceding “the agenda to countries that can be hostile to our interests.”  The ambassadors - Andrew Young, Donald McHenry, Thomas Pickering, Edward Perkins, Madeleine Albright, Bill Richardson, John Negroponte, Susan Rice and Samantha Power - served under both Republican and Democratic presidents.  MORE FROM REUTERS Trump's concession on wall funding removes obstacle from spending talks State prosecutors urge Trump not to withdraw from Paris accord “Cutting funding to the U.N. ... will only damage U.S. national security and our position in the world,” Albright told reporters. “Other powers, most prominently China and Russia, will do everything they can to fill the leadership gap.”  The letter urged Congress to avoid drastically cutting U.N. funding and to give current U.S. Ambassador Nikki Haley and U.N. Secretary-General Antonio Guterres time and space to reform the world body to make it more efficient, effective and responsive.  The United States is the biggest U.N. contributor, paying 22 percent of the $5.4 billion core budget and 28.5 percent of the $7.9 billion peacekeeping budget. These assessed contributions are agreed by the 193-member U.N. General Assembly.  Trump said the U.S. share of those budgets was “unfair” and has proposed an unspecified reduction in funding for the United Nations and its agencies, as well as enforcement of a 25 percent cap on U.S. funding for peacekeeping operations.  Some U.N diplomats have also voiced concern about who could fill a U.S. cash void.  “There is an argument to be made about the U.S. inadvertently creating a ‘China first’ policy, rather than ‘U.S. first’ policy if they walk away and leave space,” said a senior U.N. diplomat, speaking on condition of anonymity.  Trump told U.N. Security Council ambassadors on Monday - over lunch at the White House - that if the world body reforms how it operates, then the U.S. investment would be worth it.  “If we do a great job, I care much less about the budget because you’re talking about peanuts compared to the important work you’re doing,” Trump told the 15 council envoys.  U.N. Secretary-General Guterres met briefly with Trump at the White House on Friday for the first time since both took office earlier this year.  The State Department said this month it was ending funding for the U.N. Population Fund (UNFPA), the U.N. agency focused on family planning as well as maternal and child health in more than 150 countries. Guterres warned that the cut could have “devastating effects.”  
DHAKA (Reuters) - Bangladeshi counter-terrorism police said on Monday they had arrested an Islamist militant wanted for the 2015 killing of a U.S. blogger critical of religious extremism. The militant, identified as Abu Siddiq Sohel, 34, a member of the al Qaeda-inspired militant group Ansar Ullah Bangla Team, is suspected of taking part in the killing of writer Avijit Roy, deputy police commissioner Masudur Rahman said. Roy, a U.S. citizen of Bangladeshi origin, was hacked to death by machete-wielding attackers in February 2015 while returning home with his wife from a Dhaka book fair. Roy s widow, Rafida Ahmed, was maimed in the attack. Sohel, who was identified after analyzing CCTV footage, was arrested in the capital, Dhaka, on Sunday night, Rahman told Reuters. Bangladesh, a deeply religious but moderate Muslim-majority country of 160 million people, is struggling to control attacks by Islamist groups on secular bloggers, atheists, foreigners and religious minorities. The most serious recent attack came in July 2016, when gunmen stormed a restaurant in the diplomatic quarter of Dhaka and killed 22 people, most of them foreigners. Al Qaeda and Islamic State have also claimed responsibility for a series of killings over the past few years, including Roy s. Authorities have consistently ruled out the presence of such groups, blaming domestic militants instead. However, security experts say the scale and sophistication of the restaurant attack suggested links to a wider network.        
Just another day in the life of a thug rapper Things turned violent at a  Stop the Violence  charity basketball game Sunday in St. Louis, MO, after rapper Lil Wayne attacked and allegedly tried to spit on a referee, according to TMZ. The entertainment news and gossip site reports  Weezy  was coaching the Young Money team with little success. He lost his cool on an official after a series of questionable calls in favor of the opposing team, which was led by a man named  Loose Cannon Slim,  who was also the event s organizer.Wayne allegedly charged at the official and even tried to spit on him before the rapper s team chased the man away in an attempt to calm the situation.Police were reportedly called to the scene, but no arrests were made.WATCH Video here(Watch at the 45 second mark, as the big guy or woman? with a red basketball uniform assaults the referee because they didn t like a call she made):Some proceeds from the charity game went to  Put Down the Pistol,  an anti-gun-violence program based in St. Louis, TMZ reports.According to the group s website, Put Down the Pistol is an anti-gun violence program created to promote a  decrease in gun violence through the use conflict-resolution skills, leadership, and anonymous crime reporting. Via: Breitbart News
Sen. Elizabeth Warren (D-Mass.) has been the object of some serious concern in the White House due to her potential as a 2020 presidential challenger, despite the fact she has said she will not run.The White House is teaming up with the Republican National Committee (RNC) to dig up whatever they can on Warren   and whatever they can fabricate   so they can circulate condemning memos to reporters.Meanwhile, aides in the White House are keeping tabs on Warren s criticism of Trump and have used the media to aggressively hit back. Last month The Hill published the Senator s criticism of America s largest non-nuclear bomb being dropped in Afghanistan, the White House quickly scrambled with a rebuttal   an unusually high level of concern over one senator. As somebody who is probably, in the hearts and minds of liberal activists, a leader of the party, that voice carries some weight, and we have to respond,  said a White House official who wishes to remain anonymous.In an effort to put down the Senator, Trump brought back his favorite   and most offensive   Warren insults last month, referring to her as  Pocahontas  while delivering a speech to the National Rifle Associate. I have a feeling that in the next election, you re going to be swamped with candidates,  said Trump.  It may be Pocahontas, remember that. Many see Warren as a likely 2020 presidential candidate, and when Trump can t find legitimated faults with his adversaries, he cowardly resorts to racial insults as attempts to make them look bad. Warren has abstained from engaging in name calling, despite what the Trump administration has to say about her. Elizabeth Warren is the perfect foil for the Trump administration,  says former Trump aide Sam Nunberg.  I always thought she would be the new Rosie [O Donnell]. Our base hates her; we think she s a joke. She s somebody to galvanize us. It was very smart for the president to bring her up at the NRA. The White House claims they are focused on governing but believe they also need to brand the Massachusetts Senator as out of touch and unfit for the presidency, while she holds a 56 percent approval rating nationwide in a recent survey by Morning Consult.It seems the White House isn t very good at hiding the fact they are seriously afraid of Warren s momentum and her potential to reach the blue-collar voters who backed Trump. Luckily, Trump s racist name calling makes him look bad, not her.Photo by Alex Wong/Getty Images
TALLINN (Reuters) - The European Union should add more sanctions on North Korea as part of international pressure following Pyongyang s largest nuclear test to date, the bloc s foreign policy chief Federica Mogherini said on Thursday. While sanctions have so far done little to stop North Korea boosting its nuclear and missile capacity, Federica Mogherini said more such steps were required along with piling on political pressure.  I would propose to ministers today to strengthen the economic pressure on North Korea, supporting a new U.N. Security Council resolution adopting tougher economic measures, starting new autonomous EU sanctions... and working with other partners in the world to make sure that everybody implements fully and strictly the already-decided economic measures,  Mogherini told reporters before meeting the EU defense and foreign ministers in the Estonian capital. The United States and China are discussing options to rein in Pyongyang and South Korea has deployed a defense system aimed at countering North Korean missile attacks. No formal EU decision is expected from the bloc on Thursday and its leverage on Pyongyang, as well as Russia and China   North Korea s main ally   is limited.   It has to be pursued because the alternative in our view is and could be extremely dangerous, especially if in front of you have an interlocutor that might act quite irrationally.  
CNN s President Jeff Zucker has dictated questions that are unfavorable of President Donald Trump to his anchors while they are live on set, according to reports.There have been several instances in which Zucker took the reigns, according to the Hollywood Reporter and the Daily Caller.During a 25 minute long debate between CNN anchor Jake Tapper and White House Counselor Kellyanne Conway on Feb. 7, Zucker called the control room to tell them to ignore commercial breaks. He was telling my executive producer,  Keep going!'  Tapper said.Tapper and CNN s Wolf Blitzer were recapping Trump s Feb. 16 conference when they interviewed Jeff Lord, a former CNN contributor and Trump supporter. During the interview, Lord said that Trump was  relaxed  and  on point  during the press conference. Moments later Zucker called Tapper through a direct line and had him pose a question. What about the 57 percent of people who didn t vote for him? Doesn t he have to be their president, too?  Sucker said. (WATCH below starting at the 3:10 mark.)Within moments, Tapper asked Lord the question structured around what Zucker wanted.As the debate continued, Lord pointed out that Trump asking Urban Radio Networks  African-American reporter April Ryan to set up the meeting with the Congressional Black Caucus is proof that Trump was appealing to the African-American base.Zucker picked up the phone again, and had the anchors ask another question. Then why does he have to ask April Ryan to get a meeting?  Zucker said. (Watch at around the 9:15 mark.)Watch one of the most smug interviews by two liberal CNN puppets you have ever seen. Knowing that their boss Jeff Zucker was feeding these two stooges questions makes it even more embarrassing. It s like watching a real-life puppet show: Zucker and Trump have known each other since before Zucker approved  The Apprentice  in 2004. Sucker told New York Magazine in October that Trump s attacks on his network made him  sad. The Washington Free Beacon
When approached by countless people if I m a Hillary supporter, I will reply,  yes.  However, this is usually followed up with,  is it because she s a woman?  Which is the most absurd thing I ve ever heard. Sure, I m excited for the possibility of the first-ever female president, but in all honesty, it comes down to experience and ability to get the job done, which she has done time and time again throughout her career.Being tired of this question being posed, and having a decent size Facebook audience to deliver my message, I took to my page to lay out my answer once and for all.Here s my response: I can t tell you how many times I ve been asked,  are you voting for Hillary because she s a woman?  Well, to that I have to say,  no,  but if you re going ask, with that criteria, if I m voting for Hillary just because she s a woman, well, I m going to assume you re not voting for her just because she s a woman. And if you use the same attacks that Republicans have been using against her for decades, well, that means you re really no better than a Republican. And if you use her voting record against her, but then willfully ignore Bernie s anti-gun reform votes   well, sorry, you re a hypocrite. And if Hillary is the nominee this November and you refuse to vote for a Democrat or you refuse to vote, you might as well be voting for a Republican. As far as experience, don t even go there. She s clearly the most qualified person for the job. So no, I m not voting for Hillary because she s a woman. I m voting for her because she s the best damn person for the job. However, how revolutionary would it be to finally have the first woman president? It s pretty badass. And as I was going to keep this solely to my page it became apparent when Hillary was accused of ruining the Democratic party with her ambition, that this really needed to be seen again, because that is a ridiculously sexist remark. I mean, how dare a woman have the audacity to be ambitious enough to seek the White House. Is that ever asked of men? Is it? No, it s not.So no, I m not voting for Hillary because she s a woman, but I sure as hell am voting for a woman with ambition and the go-get-it attitude that she has displayed throughout her entire career. But let it be known, that if she s not the nominee for any reason, I will vote blue no matter who, because I m able to be an adult and realize the needs of the country are far more important than just the needs of my ideal candidate winning, and if a Republican wins, we all lose. // < ![CDATA[ // < ![CDATA[ // < ![CDATA[ <span>(function(d, s, id) {  var js, fjs = d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0];  if (d.getElementById(id)) return;  js = d.createElement(s); js.id = id;  js.src = "//connect.facebook.net/en_US/sdk.js#xfbml=1&version=v2.3";  fjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js, fjs);}(document, 'script', 'facebook-jssdk')); // ]]&gt;I can t begin to tell you how many times I ve been asked by Bernie supporters if I m voting for Hillary  just because she s a woman,  so, to make things easier, here s my response.Posted by Opinionated Democrat on Tuesday, February 9, 2016Featured Photo by Justin Sullivan/Getty Images
SID, Serbia (Reuters) - Mudassir, 18, from Pakistan s city of Peshawar has tried to enter the European Union 30 times but was always caught and sent back to his starting point in Serbia.  Now, he and dozens of other migrants are braving near-freezing temperatures in shrubs and fields near Sid, a northwestern Serbian town just outside European Union s member Croatia, hoping to make another border run.  They spend nights in tents and makeshift shelters in a shrub they call - the jungle.   I have tried 30 times, I am in Serbia for 16 months, ... I am tired of sleeping in the  jungle ,  said Mudassir, dressed in a black hooded jacket. Meanwhile, other migrants, all young males, huddled outside an abandoned printing factory in the outskirts of Sid, waiting for a meal delivered by an international volunteer group, the No Name Kitchen.  The so-called Balkan route for migrants was shut last year when Turkey agreed to stop the flow in return for EU aid and a promise of visa-free travel for its own citizens. But people mainly from the Middle East, Africa and Asia continued to arrive in Serbia, mainly from Turkey, via neighboring Bulgaria, attempting to enter Croatia and the EU. According to official data there are as many as 4,500 migrants in government-operated camps in Serbia. Rights activists say that hundreds are scattered in the capital Belgrade and towns along the Croatian border.  Muhammad, 22 from the Moroccan town of Oujda, said he has tried to reach the EU 26 times. Three times he made it to Slovenia, but was caught and deported back to Serbia.  I will try again ... my family is in France and my girlfriend is in Italy,  Muhammad said. Bruno Alvares of the No Name Kitchen said migrants are given two meals a day, water, clothes, footwear and tents.   Even if it is cold, it doesn t matter, they will keep on trying because there s ... no evolution in their lives in camps,  Alvares said.  Migrants who cannot afford to pay smugglers, often hide in passing trucks and freight trains or ride on the top of them. Recently an Afghan girl was killed by a train as she and her family attempted to cross into Croatia. 
We ve been doing articles on this for the past couple of years to tell everyone that the second housing bubble is being forced on the American taxpayers in the name of civil rights. Did we not learn from the first time around that lending to risky people is NOT a good idea no matter what color they are!This really is the definition of insanity   doing the same thing over and over and getting the same BAD results. The only thing is THIS IS YOUR MONEY THAT THE GOVERNMENT IS THROWING DOWN THE TOILET!If you need federal subsidies to pay your apartment rent, it s a good bet you can t afford to buy a new home. But don t tell that to the Obama regime. It s pressuring banks to lend even to Section 8 voucher recipients.In a new regulatory bulletin, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau warns home lenders that they can be investigated for discrimination if they reject Section 8 vouchers as a valid source of income for low-income minorities applying for mortgages. The agency argues that underwriting policies that exclude such welfare payments could have a  disparate impact  on minority borrowers and therefore violate civil-rights laws. The bureau has become aware of one or more institutions excluding or refusing to consider income derived from the Section 8 HCV Homeownership Program during mortgage loan application and underwriting processes,  the three-page bulletin said. Explained CFPB Director Richard Cordray,  Consumers should not be put at a disadvantage just because they receive public assistance.  And strapping them with 30-year debt doesn t put them at a disadvantage? Did Cordray snooze through the subprime crisis? The Homeownership Voucher Program is a Clinton-era program that Obama has expanded. Under it, HUD (that is, you   the taxpayer) helps Sec. 8 recipients make monthly mortgage payments while also subsidizing other homeownership expenses for up to 15 years. The program is geared toward single moms who want to buy their first home. They have to earn at least $14,500 to qualify for the generous stipend, but if they receive Social Security Disability Insurance (SSDI) payments, there is no minimum income requirement. The only other requirement is they have to take a free, three-hour  homebuyer education  class prior to closing the loan. That s right, CFPB expects lenders to bank on the notion that a little financial counseling will turn welfare recipients into a low-risk homebuyers. Last year, the agency warned lenders that they also face race-bias lawsuits if they verify the income of minority borrowers on SSDI benefits. SSDI enrollment has exploded under Obama, and fraud is rampant in the program. A recent probe by Congress found doctors rubber-stamping claims under the program. A random review found that more than one in four cases failed to provide evidence to support claims. No wonder mortgage lenders have been asking for verification. Buried in the fine print of its new Qualified Mortgage rule, which the media erroneously claim is  strict,  CFPB actually mandates that payments from  government assistance programs are acceptable  forms of income for home-loan qualification. But don t stop there .CFPB has teamed up with the Justice Department to order the biggest mortgage lenders in the country, including Wells Fargo and Bank of America, to offer loans to people on  public assistance.  The government is now requiring them to post branch notices promoting the risky welfare acceptance policy. A mortgage requires a stable job and good income   as well as good credit   to avoid defaults and foreclosures. Though President Obama worries about declining home-buying among jobless or underemployed minorities, he s just setting them up for failure all over again by putting them in homes that they can t afford.ANOTHER GREAT ARTICLE AND SOURCE FOR THE BACKSTORY ON THIS MESS:OBAMA S HOUSE OF CARDS   NEW YORK POST, JULY 2012CFPB also has been working closely with the Justice Department to enhance fair lending enforcement. Justice has pressured banks to relax their mortgage underwriting standards and approve loans for minorities with poor credit as part of a new crackdown on alleged discrimination, court documents show. Attorney General Eric Holder, who served as Reno s deputy, has filed a record number of fair-lending enforcement actions against lenders. More than 60 investigations are active or said to be in the pipeline, and dozens of banks have already settled, including giants Wells Fargo and Bank of America. Prosecutions have already generated more than $550 million in rebates, loan set-asides and other subsidies from banks that have settled out of court rather than battle the federal government and risk being branded racist by the media. Leading the charge is Holder s top civil-rights cop, Thomas Perez, another Clinton retread. Perez has compared bankers to Klansmen, arguing that while bankers may discriminate  with a smile  and  fine print,  it s  every bit as destructive as the cross burned in a neighborhood.  He says predatory lenders must now  repair some of the damage done to (minority) communities. Read More: IBD
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republican House Speaker Paul Ryan has told confidants he would like to retire after the 2018 congressional elections, Politico reported on Thursday, but the Wisconsin lawmaker and an aide played down the report, saying he wasn’t quitting any time soon. “Ryan has made it known to some of his closest confidants that this will be his final term as speaker,” Politico said.  Politico said it interviewed three dozen people who knew Ryan - including lawmakers, congressional and administration aides, conservative intellectuals and Republican lobbyists - and that “not a single person believed Ryan will stay in Congress past 2018.” White House spokeswoman Sarah Sanders said President Donald Trump had spoken to Ryan “and made sure that the speaker knew very clearly and in no uncertain terms that if that news was true, he was very unhappy with it.” “The speaker assured the president that those were not accurate reports and that they looked forward to working together for a long time to come,” Sanders said. Ryan is a long-time champion of tax reform who has helped bring Republicans in Congress to the cusp of a tax overhaul for the first time in a generation. If passed, it would be Trump’s first major legislative victory since he took office in January despite being helped by Republican control of Congress. When asked by reporters on Thursday if he was planning to quit, Ryan said with a chuckle: “I’m not, no.” Asked later about the Politico report, Ryan spokeswoman AshLee Strong did not directly deny it, instead saying: “This is pure speculation. As the speaker himself said today, he’s not going anywhere any time soon.” Ryan would be unlikely to publicize any planned departure because it could hurt his fundraising capacity on behalf of fellow Republicans and undercut his ability to make deals in the House of Representatives. A budget hawk who was Mitt Romney’s vice presidential running mate in 2012, Ryan reluctantly took over as speaker in 2015 following the resignation of John Boehner, who had held the post since early 2011 after Republicans won control of the chamber from Democrats. Boehner’s tenure as speaker was marked by fractious divisions among competing groups within the Republican Party. Ryan has tried to move the party beyond those disputes with only limited success.  Party divisions earlier this year prevented Republicans from delivering a promised overhaul of healthcare legislation, and the path toward tax reform has also been complicated by internal  disagreements and intense lobbying from industry groups. 
A Fox host actually debunked a conservative talking point by doing what a real journalist does best: research.An anti-LGBT conservative columnist appeared on Fox News Sunday to defend anti-LGBT laws that ban transgender people from using the bathroom that corresponds with their gender identity.Ben Domenech argued that such laws are necessary to protect women and children from predators whom right-wingers claim will use transgender protections to get into women s restrooms to sexually harass and assault victims. That s actually what people are concerned about,  The Federalist columnist claimed.  They re less concerned about transgender people coming into bathrooms than they are about men using this as a way to get into locker rooms with women and to exploit that opportunity to participate in some kind of criminal act. Of course, predators can already do that and no law will stop them from doing it anyway if they are stupid enough to do it. Besides, sexual assault is a crime whether transgender people are protected by the law or not. So men who willfully go into women s locker rooms and sexually assault them are going to be arrested and jailed for it.These anti-LGBT  bathroom bills,  however, criminalize the act of going to the bathroom and have more to do with bigotry than they do with preventing crimes that haven t even happened yet. It sounds like many of these Republicans have watched the film Minority Report one too many times.And that s the exact point Chris Wallace made in response to Domenech s claim. We actually tried to find out whether it is a public safety issue,  Wallace said.  Whether it is a problem with transgender people misusing bathrooms to prey on others. Wallace then hit conservatives with a PolitiFact ruling stating that they  haven t found any instance of criminals convicted of using transgender as cover in the United States. Neither have any left-wing groups or right-wing groups. Indeed, in 17 states and over 200 cities across the country that have passed transgender protections, there has not been a single example of a predator using the protections to get into a women s bathroom. This seems to be a solution in search of a problem,  Wallace observed.Fox analyst Juan Williams agreed and used the example of a North Carolina Sheriff who said that he had never dealt with this issue over the course of his entire 40 year career in law enforcement. Republicans are creating a  wedge issue,  Williams explained, so that they can court the votes of evangelicals in the same way that Republicans did by putting anti-same sex marriage initiatives on the ballot in 2004. Only this time, the transgender issue isn t having the same power because most of the population doesn t consider transgender people to be a problem.Here s the video via YouTube.These  bathroom bills  are nothing more than a bigoted effort by Republicans to legalize discrimination against the LGBT community and states that have foolishly passed them are facing severe backlash that has resulted in corporations cancelling projects and entertainers cancelling shows. The federal government is even looking into whether federal funding in these states should be revoked over violations of federal anti-discrimination laws which could cost these states billions of dollars.The fact is that Republicans are creating an imaginary issue to justify the passage of bigoted laws and they have brought shame and economic ruin to their states in pursuit of nods of approval from an ever-shrinking evangelical population who wish to use religion as a shield to excuse discriminating against certain groups of people.But Fox News just shattered the bullshit claim made by conservatives to defend these bigoted laws. So the question is what excuse will they invent next?Featured image via screenshot
BRUSSELS (Reuters) - A summit of euro zone leaders will go ahead as planned in the middle of December, the chairman of European Union leaders said on Wednesday, dispelling speculation it might be postponed because of the collapse of German coalition talks.  Just to be clear: The December Euro Summit is on. As part of the Leaders  Agenda we need to discuss what, how and when to move forward on the EMU (European Monetary Union) and the Banking Union,  Tusk said on Twitter. He said he discussed the agenda of the meeting over the phone on Wednesday with the chairman of euro zone finance ministers Jeroen Dijsselbloem. German government coalition talks collapsed on Sunday night as the liberal FDP party pulled out after weeks of  exploratory  talks, plunging the euro zone s most important economy into political uncertainty and raising the prospect of new elections. Euro zone leaders are to set a direction for deeper euro zone economic integration at a summit in the middle of December, at which Germany s input is crucial. The summit is to launch six months of work that would lead decisions in June 2018 on whether or not the single currency area should have a budget, a finance minister and a separate euro zone assembly within the European Parliament. The deeper integration push, championed by French President Emmanuel Macron, also includes the transformation of the euro zone bailout fund into a European Monetary Fund and the creation of a sovereign insolvency mechanism. 
Big news out of the Treasury Department: After much debate, Alexander Hamilton will remain on the $10 bill   and instead, it s Andrew Jackson who is being given the boot.According to Politico, Treasury Secretary Jack Lew is set to announce two major changes to the twenty, neither of which will make America s white supremacists very happy. First, former President Andrew Jackson will be replaced by a black woman, Harriet Tubman. Tubman was a legendary fighter against slavery and is recognized as having personally shepherded hundreds of escaped slaves to freedom in the north during her lifetime. The second change is the Treasury will be changing the $5 bill to  depict civil rights era leaders. Both changes reflect the recent cultural movement to acknowledge and honor the legacy of racial justice in America. It can also be seen as a bit of condemnation for the actions of President Jackson, a man whom historians are quick to point out gave America some of its most shameful actions against Native American peoples   including the forced migration and resettlement of many tribes that would eventually become known as the Trail of Tears.Until recently, it was Alexander Hamilton who was on the chopping block. However, thanks to a resurgence of interest in the founding father s life and legacy and the outrage over Jackson, Treasury Secretary Jack Lew was adamant that Hamilton would stay, even if someone else went. So long, President Jackson!Harriet Tubman being printed on the $20 bill will be a turning point in America s cultural identity. She represents the country at its best   humane, strong and fighting for what s right. She will also be the first woman and first person of color to be represented on paper currency (Native American, Sacajawea is already on a less commonly used dollar coin.)This all has to be quite a shock to the toxic white supremacists in the country who believe that white people are being erased and replaced by  minorities.  The fact that they will have to stare at symbols of racial equality each time they use a $20 or $5 bill is deeply satisfying. Or as my colleague Oliver Willis recently put it:dear wingnuts who are going to freak out about harriet tubman on the $20. give your bills to me.  Oliver Willis (@owillis) April 20, 2016Featured image via ABC7
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The next round of aid to help rebuild Puerto Rico and U.S. states after destructive hurricanes and wildfires is unlikely to be considered by Congress until it takes up a catch-all spending bill that faces a Dec. 8 deadline for passage, the No. 2 Senate Republican said on Wednesday. John Cornyn said a crush of other matters would take up time, so “we probably won’t get to that” (disaster aid) until consideration of a massive bill to fund federal agencies through next Sept. 30. The Trump administration has said it will submit to Congress a third round of disaster aid in mid-November that could total tens of billions of dollars. Congress already has provided over $51 billion Currently, the Republican-controlled Congress is mainly focused on passing a major tax reform bill by year’s end. The disaster aid would help recovery efforts in Texas, Florida, Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands following Hurricanes Harvey, Irma and Maria in August and September. Six weeks after Maria tore through Puerto Rico, the island is struggling to pick up the pieces, and about two-thirds of its residents remain without power. The U.S. territory declared bankruptcy earlier this year and the storm has plunged its economy into deeper uncertainty. The government-wide spending bill could also become a magnet for measures that Democrats, who are in the minority in Congress, want to attach. Those could include a bipartisan plan to temporarily bolster the Affordable Care Act, commonly known as “Obamacare.” Democrats also are hinting that the end-of-year measure could be an opportunity to force passage of legislation protecting from deportation young “Dreamers,” people brought illegally to the United States as children. 
BEIJING (Reuters) - China on Wednesday said that any attempt to hype up its decision to jail a Taiwanese rights activist for subversion would be futile, after Taiwan s ruling political party labeled the result  unacceptable . A Chinese court on Tuesday jailed Li Ming-che, Taiwanese community college lecturer and human rights non-governmental worker, for five years for subverting Chinese state power.  Li was tried alongside a mainland activist, Peng Yuhua, who received a seven year sentence for the same charge. Both were found guilty of attempting to promote political reform in China through discussions of democracy in social media chatrooms. Taiwan s ruling Democratic Progressive Party (DPP) said the result was  totally unacceptable  and called for Beijing to return Li to Taiwan. It is not a crime for Li to share his opinions about democratic freedoms with friends, they said. China s Taiwan Affairs Office spokesman Ma Xiaoguang told reporters at a regular news briefing:  Any attempts to hype up the case for political ends or to instigate opposition between compatriots across the straits will all be futile.  Although Taiwan and Beijing should have mutual respect for each other s social systems and development paths, Taiwan cannot  impose  its political ideas on the mainland or use the cover of democratic freedoms to break Chinese law, Ma said.     Ties between Beijing and the self-ruled island of Taiwan have been frosty since Taiwan s Tsai Ing-wen led the independence-leaning DPP to election victory last year.  Beijing claims the island as part of China and has never renounced the use of force to bring it under its control. Chiu E-Ling, secretary general of the Taiwan Association for Human Rights, told reporters at a press conference on Tuesday that Li s supporters would call on Tsai and her government go beyond mere words to secure Li s release.  They also expressed concern over the verdict s implication for the rights of Taiwanese citizens, saying that Li had expressed his opinions online while on Taiwan soil.  The Global Times, a state-backed tabloid popular with China s nationalists, said in an editorial on Wednesday that the DPP s statement was tantamount to encouraging Taiwanese to come to China and break the law.  We hope that Taiwanese people will not accept the DPP s witchcraft and will not become an assault team or sacrificial victims for them,  the paper said.  One s own safety should be more important than the slogans they utter,  it added. 
Apparently the only thing the National Rifle Association and the White House can agree on is that President Obama would smoke them in a debate on gun control.CNN extended an invitation to the NRA, the nation s most powerful gun lobby, to join Obama during a live town hall on Thursday evening in Virginia to discuss the issue of gun violence. They gracelessly declined.NRA spokesman Andrew Arulanandam seemed willing to assume the NRA would come out of the debate looking very badly. He claimed the White House would rig the event and turn it into a  public relations spectacle. In other words, the NRA believes it would lose and Arulanandam is desperate to think of a good excuse as to why that is.Undermining this excuse, however, is the fact that it is CNN, not Obama, that is organizing the event.A CNN spokesperson said that it was the network, not the White House, that proposed the idea of a town hall on guns, and noted the audience would be evenly divided between organizations that support the Second Amendment including NRA members as well as groups that back gun regulation.The only ones too afraid to show up to this mixed crowd are NRA representatives.And while it s laughable that the NRA already threw in the towel before the debate even began, they are justified in being worried about what they would face if they were brave enough to show up. As Obama proved numerous times during his two presidential elections, he s a formidable debate opponent. It is also clear that the issue of gun control is an area that Obama is fired up about. For years, Republicans in Washington and their pro-gun benefactors have stymied any and all attempts to address mass shootings. Entering his last year in office, Obama is done playing games. Earlier this week, he gave an emotional and powerful speech about the need for better gun control   and what he plans to do about it. Each time this comes up, we are fed the excuse that common-sense reforms like background checks might not have stopped the last massacre, or the one before that, or the one before that, so why bother trying,  Obama said.  I reject that thinking. We know we can t stop every act of violence, every act of evil in the world. But maybe we could try to stop one act of evil, one act of violence,  he added.The NRA seems content to fight against any conceivable campaign to stop needless gun violence. This includes floating reckless lies that Obama is a tyrant seizing people s guns. On social media, the lobbying group regularly promotes misinformation to its gullible followers. They aren t used to being called out on it.Now that it is time to actually face Obama, it s no wonder they can t do it.Feature image via Gage Skidmore/Flickr
MANDRA, Greece (Reuters) - Greeks voiced despair and disbelief on Thursday after a flash flood killed at least 15 people and left hundreds homeless, with many blaming a system that allowed houses to be built on dried up river beds. In the towns of Nea Peramos and Mandra west of the capital Athens, crumpled cars and mangled furniture lay on roads coated in the thick mud left behind by a raging torrent that smashed through homes on Wednesday morning.  We are ruined. My tavern and my house are gone,  said Paraskevas Stamou, a restaurant owner in Mandra.  Everything is gone, the road is gone, the water is still flowing and we were flooded again last night and this morning.  We are expecting another downpour tonight. It s like God hates us,  he told Reuters. To escape the lethal floodwaters, residents took desperate measures.  We had nowhere to sleep. We slept on the roof, we found carpets to cover ourselves,  said a man in Mandra whose house was gutted by the flood but remained standing. Between sobs, his mother added:  Everything went. We don t have anyone to help us. I don t have help from anyone.     Elderly people wandered the streets in muddied clothing, looking bewildered.  What I am concerned about is the indifference - there was no one there by our side to say,  take courage . I didn t want anything else, nothing,  said Mandra resident Maria Kriada.  Did anyone ask me if I had any water to drink? If I had any food to eat? If I had somewhere to sleep? No one came to say this.  Bad weather continued on Thursday. Officials said they were waiting for conditions to improve before giving a clearer picture of the damage. Five people were still missing.  Flags flew at half-mast from state buildings and the Acropolis on Thursday as the government declared three days of national mourning. Newspapers expressed anger.  A Crime,  was the headline in Ta Nea daily, superimposed on a picture of a woman being comforted next to an overturned car.  The Deeds of Man,  wrote the leftist Avgi, referring to unlicensed constructions. Experts blamed haphazard construction which the natural path for water runoff obstructed, and soil erosion on a mountain range hit by fires. Both towns were built along an old motorway linking Athens to the Peloponnese city of Corinth. As building crept closer to the road, streams that would have drained runoff from the nearby Pateras mountains were blocked.  Of course the state wasn t prepared ... we cannot compete with nature,  said Christos Zeferos, head of the research center for Atmospheric Physics and Climatology Academy of Athens, adding that climate change meant people should expect more weather-related disasters.  We should be prepared for more frequent, and different phenomena,  he told Reuters. Many of the victims were elderly. The youngest was a 36-year old truck driver who called his mother as the floodwaters rose around his lorry. The line went dead soon afterwards. 
The following statements were posted to the verified Twitter accounts of U.S. President Donald Trump, @realDonaldTrump and @POTUS.  The opinions expressed are his own. Reuters has not edited the statements or confirmed their accuracy.  @realDonaldTrump : - Tonight, @FLOTUS Melania and I were thrilled to welcome so many wonderful friends to the @WhiteHouse – and wish them all a very #HappyHanukkah bit.ly/2B1EO7q [0036 EST] - I fulfilled my campaign promise - others didn’t! [0041 EST] - Big crowd expected today in Pensacola, Florida, for a Make America Great Again speech. We have done so much in so short a period of time...and yet are planning to do so much more! See you there! [0811 EST] - LAST thing the Make America Great Again Agenda needs is a Liberal Democrat in Senate where we have so little margin for victory already. The Pelosi/Schumer Puppet Jones would vote against us 100% of the time. He’s bad on Crime, Life, Border, Vets, Guns & Military. VOTE ROY MOORE! [1006 EST] - Fines and penalties against Wells Fargo Bank for their bad acts against their customers and others will not be dropped, as has incorrectly been reported, but will be pursued and, if anything, substantially increased. I will cut Regs but make penalties severe when caught cheating! [1018 EST] - MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! [1246 EST] - “The unemployment rate remains at a 17-year low of 4.1%. The unemployment rate in manufacturing dropped to 2.6%, the lowest ever recorded. The unemployment rate among Hispanics dropped to 4.7%, the lowest ever recorded...” @SecretaryAcosta @USDOL [1402 EST] - On my way to Pensacola, Florida. See everyone soon! #MAGA [1825 EST] - Just arrived at the Pensacola Bay Center. Join me LIVE on @FoxNews in 10 minutes! #MAGA [2004 EST] -- Source link: (bit.ly/2jBh4LU) (bit.ly/2jpEXYR) 
There is no word yet, about how Rocket Man plans to respond to the egg on his face South Korea is making sure North Korea doesn t forget about the regime s soldier who defected to the South in a daring escape earlier this month   by blasting updates about the defector s health through its military s loudspeakers at the Demilitarized Zone, a report said on Sunday.South Korean troops broadcasted an update on Sunday about the North Korean soldier s  nutritive conditions,  taking a hit at the Hermit Kingdom s alleged health issues, Yonhap News Agency reported. The broadcasts are reportedly so loud that people within 12.4 miles from the DMZ are able to hear it. The nutritive conditions of the North Korean soldier who recently defected through the Panmunjom were unveiled,  an official told Yonhap News Agency.Consistent updates have been broadcast through South Korean military s loudspeakers since the soldier, identified by his surname, Oh, was shot at least five times while dashing across the Joint Security Area   a strip of land at the DMZ where North and South Korean forces stand face-to-face   on Nov. 13. The broadcast operation is part of an ongoing psychological warfare between the North and the South. The gigantic loudspeakers were switched back on in January 2016 after North Korea s fourth nuclear test.The loudspeakers are also reportedly used to blast propaganda to persuade North Korean soldiers to doubt Kim Jong Un s regime and even convince them to defect to the South, the BBC reported. Those speakers have been used sporadically since the end of the Korean War.Watch the North Korean s daring escape here:The 24-year-old North Korean defector is currently recovering from the gunshot wounds he endured when his fellow comrades fired dozens of rounds at him to stop him from defecting to the South. Video of Oh s dash to freedom released on Wednesday showed him speeding down a tree-lined road as stunned North Korean soldiers began running after him. He fell into a pile of leaves against a small wall before being dragged to safety by South Korean troops.   FOX News 
DUBLIN (Reuters) - The Irish government was on the verge of collapse on Thursday after the party whose votes Prime Minister Leo Varadkar depends on to pass legislation appeared set to break the terms of a  confidence and supply  deal. The opposition Fianna Fail party said it would put a motion of no confidence in Deputy Prime Minister Frances Fitzgerald on Tuesday, a move that would breach the deal it agreed to support Varadkar s Fine Gael government in key votes for three years.  Fianna Fail indicated it might withdraw the motion if Fitzgerald resigned, but Foreign Minister Simon Coveney told state broadcaster RTE that Fitzgerald would not resign. The crisis comes weeks ahead of a European Union summit in which the Irish government has an effective veto on whether Britain s talks on leaving the bloc progress as it determines if EU concerns about the future of the Irish border have been met. 
21st Century Wire says A predictable reaction from a pair of increasingly desperate politicians.Perennial war hawks Senators John McCain and his partner Lindsey Graham, have expressed their outrage of recent comments by Trump Administration officials that regime change is no longer a priority for the Washington.McCain warned that President Trump s downgrading on policy, away from the overthrow of the Syrian government, was somehow bad for US interests.  Such a policy would only exacerbate the terrorist threat to our nation,  said McCain.Since at least 2011, McCain has been intimately involved in helping to foment instability in Syria by leading the program to flood illegal arms into Syria for what he and many other America politicians claimed was for  the moderate rebels  who were  fighting for freedom and democracy.  It wasn t long before the world finally figured out what the Syrian people knew all along   the moderate rebel was a public relation tool, invented by Washington under the Obama Administration.Sadly for McCain, he hasn t been following the news close enough over the last 3 years to realize that the rest of the world has already figured out the West s transparent proxy terrorist marketing campaign.While McCain s public position is predictable   still clinging to the fictional narrative laid down by Obama   that the Syria public do not support their President and is therefore illegitimate in the eyes of NATO member states, his partner Senator Graham s position is even more erroneous; based on the a long-debunked lie that Assad crossed the  red line  and used chemical weapons against his own people. McCain with CIA-backed FSA commander Sam Idris and Mouaz Moustafa of the Washington s creation, the  Syrian Emergency Task Force  (SETF).What makes McCain s rantings even more obscene, is the fact that he has remained completely pro-war in all its forms, and is in total support of proven international terrorists groups like Al Nusra, the  Free Syrian Army  FSA and Arar al-Sham. In 2011, McCain snuck into Syria illegally to promise militants weapons and support, as well as a US bombing campaign against the Syrian state   a war which almost happened under the pretext of a staged false flag chemical attack in East Ghouta outside Damascus in August 2013. BUSY YEAR: 2011 was a busy year for McCain and Graham supporting militants and terrorists. Here they are pictured with Florida Senator Marco Rubio showing off with extremists after the assassination of Gaddafi and before the eventual implosion of the country following the US-led NATO bombing campaign.  Supreme Military Council of Syria meeting US Rep. Adam Kinzinger, Mouaz Moustaf (SETF), and CIA agent Evan McMullin (circa 2013-2014)Since 2011, John McCain, Lindsey Graham, Hillary Clinton, US Congressman Adam Kinzinger and others, in conjunction with Romney-backed CIA operative turned 2016 Presidential candidate Evan McMullin   have led calls to support the various terrorist factions within Syria under the CIA crafted banner of  Supreme Military Council of Syria  and the  The Syrian Revolutionary Front    have consistently sold the American public a false narrative via by the Muslim Brotherhood, an extremist political organization supported by Obama administration.4 years later, they are still droning on with the same discredited talking points  Daniel Chaitin Washington ExaminerSens. John McCain and Lindsey Graham are upset with the Trump administration signaling that removing Syrian President Bashar al-Assad from power is no longer a top priority.During a trip to Turkey, Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said Assad s fate will be decided by the Syrian people. That sentiment was echoed by U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley, who told reporters,  You pick and choose your battles. And when we re looking at this it s about changing up priorities and our priority is no longer to sit and focus on getting Assad out. In a statement Thursday evening, McCain, who is chairman of the Senate Armed Services Committee, said he is  deeply disturbed  by Tillerson s and Haley s comments. Their suggestion that Assad can stay in power appears to be just as devoid of strategy as President Obama s pronouncements that  Assad must go,'  McCain said.  Once again, U.S. policy in Syria is being presented piecemeal in press statements without any definition of success, let alone a realistic plan to achieve it. Graham, also a member of the Armed Services committee, said that such comments would be  the biggest mistake since President Obama failed to act after drawing a red line against Assad s use of chemical weapons. Continue this story at the Washington ExaminerREAD MORE JOHN MCCAIN NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire McCain FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @ 21WIRE.TV 
The comments on her Facebook page are praising the attacks. It s a plethora of Alahu Akbars. Unbelievable!This woman has over 1 million followers on Facebook!TRANSLATED FROM ARABIC   SHE PRAISES THE TACTICS OF THE SUICIDE BOMBERS: Video bombing from another angle.. doesn t show the officer embrace (suicide)The detonation centre mainly inside away from the gate of the metal detector and explosives!! (halfway through the second 17)Suicide s alleged decided to blow himself up in the 2 security officials veiled and undo blast inside the church.. in addition to high morals to go through the gate of explosive explosive detection.. Obviously, there are increasingly sophisticated in ethics ( Bombers) Her Facebook Page: Ayat OrabyThe second video she posted from the bombing in Egypt is a different angle. She claims in her Facebook post that this is all fake and made up by the Christians. Wow!Kick her a** out of the U.S.!
Because books written by authors like Ernest Hemingway, William Shakespeare, Mark Twain and John Steinbeck are so-o-o-o overrated and so culturally irrelevant Chicago area schools are replacing white male authors on student reading lists with minority and women authors who delve into themes like power, justice, humanity and social responsibility. I think yes, book lists in schools are sexist, but I don t think it s the school s fault,  senior Sarah Eiden told the Gapers Block Book Club blog.  I think it s because we still think good literature is only written by white males, which simply isn t true. I do see though that teachers are trying to change that. New Trier High School English teacher Scott Campbell is among them. When we think about summer reading books or adding a new book to a course, we re often looking for woman or people of color,  he told the site.It s some teachers  way of countering the prevalence of white male authors who penned classics like  The Great Gatsby,   Lord of the Flies,   The Catcher in the Rye  and  Of Mice and Men,  Campbell said. Women a hundred or so years ago were not encouraged or expected that they might write, so we re left with literature that seems unbalanced and institutionalized, almost in the way we talk about racism,  he said. Women haven t been championed as writers generally,  Campbell said.  This is just one of the after-effects of male domination. John Hancock College Prep English teacher and curriculum coordinator Natalie Garfield seems to share Campbell s perspective.She hunts out books that are  more culturally relevant  to students at the school than classic books written by white male authors. At the end of their high school career, a kid can pick up any new book and potentially have been exposed to anything like it based on the wide spectrum of texts we offer here,  Garfield told Gapers Block.  (You) make changes and reflect the times and kids in front of you. Those changes include books like  The Absolutely True Diary of a Part-Time Indian,  which is actually a fictionalized story about a 14-year-old Native American teen that attends a mostly white high school with themes of alcoholism, sexuality, violence and bullying, according to the blog.Other titles like  Always Running: La Vida Loca, Gang Days in L.A.  focuses on gang life, unemployment, drug addiction, incarceration and suicide. But in the end, it s a positive, uplifting story of a man who realizes his potential as a Chicano activist and artist and manages to turn his life around,  Gapers Block reports.  This book gives readers a raw look at what it meant to be Latino in Los Angeles during the  80s and how community involvement can truly impact marginalized groups. Some student told the site they appreciate that teachers are catering reading lists to their culture by replacing books written by white male authors with minority-penned prose.Hancock senior Lisseth Perez said books on Hispanics offered in the past are from a white person s perspective. We come from a Hispanic culture, but enven when they give us  Hispanic books,  it s more like, just Hispanic people trying to fit into a white community,  Perez said.  It s the same book over and over: Hispanic kid wants to go into the white community and not get looked down upon. It s the same story with women, Hancock junior Sandra Rodriquez told Gapers Block. These books just talk about men and men and men. And they never actually show women actually doing something,  she griped.  You have to read something you feel good about. Via: EAG News 
No conflict of interest here! Only the most pro-abortion president in the history of the United States would have an  expert  who butchers babies for a living being paid by the American taxpayer to advise on healthy baby births  Deborah Nucatola the Planned Parenthood doc with the stone-cold heart and the lucrative skill of  crushing  babies in just the right spot has been advising the Obama administration on family planning policy since 2010.From April 2010 through April 2014, Nucatola was one of several experts the U.S. Health and Human Services Office of Population Affairs (OPA) and the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) Division of Reproductive Health tasked with creating federal guidelines for  quality family planning services.  A member of the  Expert Work Group  and the  Technical Panel on Clinical Women s Services,  Nucatola was actively engaged in the  multistage process  that produced the government s 2014 report,  Providing Quality Family Planning Services  (QFP).Her responsibilities as a  technical  consultant and an  expert  included analyzing research summaries and professional advisories, providing  individual feedback  on the government s initial recommendations,  reviewing  the CDC-OPA staff s  core recommendations,  giving her expert  opinion,  and then approving the recommendations. (See the report s appendices for the names of Expert Work Group members and technical experts, and detailed descriptions of the experts  involvement in formulating the report s recommendations.)What s the goal of those government recommendations? To help  clients achieve their desired number and spacing of children and increase the likelihood that those children are born healthy. Leave it to the Obama administration to tap an abortionist for  expert  advice on ensuring that children are  born healthy an abortionist, mind you, who relishes butchering a  17-weeker  and bagging up a tiny infant s  heart, lung, liver  to sell for a few extra bucks.Taxpayers Reward BarbarismThe barbaric nature of Nucatola s chosen work, however, is all too clear. That s reprehensible. Sen. Rand Paul and others have announced plans to defund Planned Parenthood in light of the Nucatola debacle. Good, but not enough.We need to delegitimize Planned Parenthood and delegitimize the cruel doctors whose expertise consists in knowing which parts of the unborn baby to  crush  in order to to harvest the money-producing parts  intact.  We need to insist that being an expert in baby dismemberment disqualifies instead of qualifies a doctor from being an  expert  consultant for the government an expert on making sure children are  born healthy,  no less.Planned Parenthood runs a bloody business. Many Americans are seeing, for the first time, the chilling, violent reality of abortion and the insatiable greed driving America s abortion business. Now, the question is: What is Congress willing to do about it?Read more of exclusive story: The Federalist
BEIJING (Reuters) - Meetings between U.S. President Donald Trump and Chinese President Xi Jinping in Beijing this week will focus on addressing trade imbalances between the two countries, U.S. Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross said on Wednesday.  Ross was speaking at a signing ceremony in the Chinese capital for commercial deals worth about $9 billion on Trump’s visit. Trump has ratcheted up his criticism of China’s massive trade surplus with the U.S. - calling it “embarrassing” and “horrible” last week - and has accused Beijing of unfair trade practices, fuelling worries of increased tension between the world’s two largest trading countries. “Addressing the imbalance in China trade has been the central focus of collaborative discussions between President Trump and President Xi and achieving fair and reciprocal treatment for the companies is a shared objective,” Ross said. Data on Wednesday showed China’s exports to the U.S. rose 8.3 percent in October on the year, while imports grew 4.3 percent. That led to a trade surplus of $26.62 billion with the U.S. last month, down from September’s record $28.08 billion, but higher than recent trends. Deals signed on Wednesday included a pledge by Chinese ecommerce company JD.com  to buy more than $2 billion of food products from the U.S. over three years and a pact for Reignwood International to buy additional helicopters from U.S. firm Bell Helicopter.  While 19 deals were signed on Wednesday, some in the U.S. business community have expressed worry that contract wins could come at the expense of resolving long-standing complaints over market access restrictions in China. At the ceremony, China’s vice premier Wang Yang said deals signed between China and U.S. firms would “contribute to the stabilization of the general and overall economic relations between the two countries”. The ceremony was a prelude to a “more important” signing ceremony set for Thursday, he added. Among the companies expected to sign deals on Thursday are Qualcomm, Boeing and Goldman Sachs. Chinese commerce minister Zhong Shan also attended the event in the Great Hall of the People next to Tiananmen Square. 
Just another day in the holy month of Ramadan London is the scene of carnage again with another terror attack. A van plowed into pedestrians on London Bridge with reports of men jumping out of the van to stab random people. We re posting details as they come in from the UK. Several people have been killed and the latest update is that 5 armed terrorists are on the run in London.Meanwhile, a video has been posted on social media showing what appears to be Muslim men who have just witnessed  the London Bridge terror attack and are simply observers of a horrific terror attack against innocent people. You can hear them speaking in Arabic and saying something about 3 attacks, after which time you can hear one of them yell,  Allah Akbar! It s interesting to hear how the Muslim men in the vehicle respond to the murder of innocent people at the hands of Islamic  extremists . After watching this video, one has to wonder how exactly, we should go about differentiating between the  moderate  and  extremist  Muslims Muslims laughing and yelling Allah Ackbar in London after #LondonBridge attack pic.twitter.com/6XjlwwQqQ7  Tanya Tay   (@realTanyaTay) June 3, 2017
On Tuesday, Education Secretary Betsy Devos announced that she will appoint A. Wayne Johnson as the as Chief Operating Officer of Federal Student Aid on Thursday. In the press release put out by the Education Department, Devos cited Johnson s academic and professional achievements as Johnson s skills he is bringing to the department.<FSA currently serves 42 million student loan borrowing clients and administers more than $1.4 trillion in current outstanding Federal Student Loan balances.Reuters reports on the story saying: In last year s election, Donald Trump and other Republicans campaigned on  getting government out of the business of student loans.  Democrats want to stay on the path forged by former President Barack Obama, who moved student lending from the banks to the federal government.DeVos has taken on higher-education finances since being confirmed in February. She recently began rewriting rules on for-profit college debt and decided to put one company in charge of servicing loans. Wayne is the right person to modernize FSA for the 21st Century,  said Secretary DeVos in a press release.  He actually wrote the book on student loan debt and will bring a unique combination of CEO-level operating skills and an in-depth understanding of the needs and issues associated with student loan borrowers and their families. Wayne has worked previously in executive positions at TSYS, First Data, and VISA. He is also the founder and former CEO of First Performance Corporation. Wayne s corporate background has attracted the ire of financial sector watch groups. Allied Progress, a left-leaning anti-Wall St watch group says that Wayne will implement  policies that increase the odds students will default on their loans. This announcement comes just one month after Obama-appointed FSA CEO, James Runcie, resigned from his position as Education Secretary. When he resigned Runcie cited he could not take  the risk  of working in a department ran by Devos. Runcie also claimed that he could not accept Devos  policies that were redirecting critical funds within the department. I cannot in good conscience continue to be accountable as Chief Operating Officer given the risk associated with the current environment at the [Education] Department,  reads the resignation memo Runcie put out in May.This move is a continuation of the corporatization of the federal government that has been seen under the Trump administration. Devos herself has no actual background in education. Yet, she is Education Secretary because she allowed Trump to use her family s arena multiple times, for free, during both his primary and presidential election. The Devos family is also deeply embedded in conservative politics, usually of the Christian fascist variety. They are major donors to the GOP s war chest as well, having given up to a commonly cited total of $200 million dollars to the Republican Party.Featured image via Win McNamee/Getty Images
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump said on Thursday the appointment of a special counsel to investigate Russia and the U.S. presidential election “hurts our country terribly” as it shows how divided the United States is, CNN and CNBC reported. “I believe it hurts our country terribly, because it shows we’re a divided, mixed-up, not-unified country,” Trump told the news outlets.  
Donald Trump is acting like a caged animal. Since around the time he fired FBI Director James Comey, he s been on the defensive. Three days after the firing, Trump, concerned that Comey would leak to the media, tweeted that he hoped there were no  tapes  of the conversations between the two.James Comey better hope that there are no  tapes  of our conversations before he starts leaking to the press!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 12, 2017Comey responded in front of the Senate by saying,  Oh Lordy, I hope there are tapes.  Well, Comey might be disappointed to learn that, at least according to the Secret Service, there aren t. Trump was bluffing. No surprise there.The Wall Street Journal issued a freedom of information request to the Secret Service, who said this: In response to your request, the Secret Service has conducted a reasonable search for responsive records,  the agency wrote.  It appears, from a review of Secret Service s main indices, that there are no records pertaining to your request that are referenced in these indices. That doesn t necessarily mean there are no tapes, but it makes it far less likely. The Secret Service is generally the department that handles Oval Office tapes. They did it for Richard Nixon and for John F. Kennedy. Trump, though, has his own personal bodyguard in the Oval Office, as well as government Secret Service.Still, it s very unlikely there is a tape. While Trump has been teasing it like it s a reality show, his staff has been evading the question.At a press conference Friday, Trump said he would reveal whether he had taped his conversations with Comey  in the very near future  and  over a fairly short period of time.  Bloomberg s Toluse Olorunnipa recently noted that Trump has often made and missed deadlines as a way of delaying or avoiding answering tough questions. Why leave open this question of whether there are tapes?  Reuters  Ayesha Rascoe asked Spicer at his press briefing Monday.  Don t the American people   Do they deserve to know whether Comey was lying to the Senate? Why leave this question open? I think the President made it clear what his intention is on Friday,  Spicer said.Source: Talking Points MemoThis wouldn t even be a question if Trump hadn t proven himself to be a serial liar. Americans overwhelmingly trust Comey, a fired civil servant, over Trump.Featured image via Pool/Getty Images
BEIRUT (Reuters) - Iran s military chief of staff visited a frontline position near the Syrian city of Aleppo, a military news outlet run by the Lebanese group Hezbollah reported on Friday, during a visit that has underlined Tehran s deep military role in Syria. General Mohammad Baqeri visited the position with a number of Iranian officers, according to the report, which was  accompanied by photos showing Baqeri looking at a map and peering through binoculars. Neighboring Israel has expressed deep concern over Iran s role in Syria, where Iranian fighters and Iran-backed groups such as Hezbollah have played a major role fighting in support of President Bashar al-Assad. Baqeri met Assad on Thursday during a visit to set out a joint military strategy, Syrian state media reported.  Baqeri has warned Israel against breaching Syrian airspace and territory and pledged to increase cooperation with Syria s military to fight both Israel and Sunni jihadist militants. Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has said that Iran is strengthening its foothold in Syria, warning that Israel would  do whatever it takes  to protect its security. Helped by Russian air power, Iran-backed groups including Hezbollah played a major part in the Syrian government campaign to recapture eastern districts of Aleppo city from Syrian rebels last year. Rural areas to the south and west of the city are still in insurgent hands.     
 Andre Vltchek Anti DiplomaticoThe following is an interview with ANDRE VLTCHEK by ALESSANDRO BIANCCHI, Chief Editor of the Italian political magazine Anti-Diplomatico:ALESSANDRO BIANCHI: Self-determination of peoples and respect for the borders and sovereignty of a country. This is of the most complicated issue for international law. How can it be articulated for the case of Catalonia?ANDRE VLTCHEK: Personally, I m not very enthusiastic about smaller nations forming their own states, particularly those in the West, where they would, after gaining  independence , remain in the alliances that are oppressing and plundering the entire world: like NATO or the European Union.Clearly, the breaking of the great country of Yugoslavia into small pieces was a hostile, evil design by the West, and particularly of Germany and Austria. The dissolution of Czechoslovakia after the so-called  Velvet Revolution  was a total idiocy.But Catalonia (or Basque Country), if it became independent, would become one of the richest parts of Europe. I don t think it would have any great positive or negative impact on the rest of the world. As an internationalist, I don t really care if they are separate from Spain or not, or whether they are even richer than they already are, as I care much more about what is happening in places such as Afghanistan, Venezuela or North Korea.On the other hand, the way Spain has now behaved in Catalonia, after the referendum, is a total disgrace. They decided to treat the Catalan people in the same way as Indonesians have been treating Papuans for decades. If this continues, it will all reach the point of no return: reconciliation will become impossible. You cannot start sexually harassing women and then break their fingers, one by one, just because they want to have their own state. You cannot injure hundreds of innocent people, who simply don t want to be governed from Madrid. That s absurd and thoroughly sick! Of course Spain used to commit holocausts all over what is now called Latin America, so it is  in their blood . But I don t think Catalans will allow this to be done to them.What about the constitution of Spain? Look, there should be nothing sacred about constitutions. In the West, they were written to protect the interests of the ruling classes. When they get outdated, they should be moderated, or totally rewritten. If Catalans or Basques want their independence, if they really want it, if it is so important for them, then why not   they should have it. Spain is not a  people s country . It is an oppressive Western bully. I would have a totally different position if some part of Bolivia or China were to try to secede.AB: Different situation and different reality. Another issue of fundamental international concern in this period is the referendum of Iraqi Kurdistan, which is likely to become the new fuse ready to explode in that area. Would it be the new Israel in the Middle East as someone has affirmed?AV: Well, that is really a very serious issue. I have worked in the Kurdish autonomous region of Iraq already twice, even on the  border  with Mosul, and what I saw there I did not like at all!It is clearly a  client  state of the West, of Turkey and to some extent, Israel. It is shamelessly capitalist, taking land from its own people, cheating them, just in order to pump and refine huge quantities of oil. It treats Syrian refugees like animals, forcing them to make anti-Assad statements. It is turning ancient Erbil into some bizarre shopping mall with nothing public in sight. Its military top brass is mainly US/UK-trained and indoctrinated. And it provokes Baghdad, day and night.I really strongly disliked what I saw there. If Iraqi Kurds were allowed to have their  independence , the impact on the region would be huge and certainly negative. Baghdad should not allow it, even at the cost of an armed confrontation.AB: Coming to the question of the moment: the nuclear escalation in North Korean and a possible escalation of war on the Korean peninsula. What is your opinion about Kim s strategy and what are the real risks?AV: There is only one real  risk  and danger: that the world is quickly accepting as inevitable the fact that the Western thuggish regimes can get away with absolutely anything. I see no other serious problem that the world today is facing.What is Kim s strategy? To defend his people by all means, against the brutal force that has already murdered millions of men, women and children of Korea. That brutal force is the West and its allies. It is all very simple, but only if one is willing to turn off the BBC and to use his or her own brain, it becomes  obvious .AB: According to many, for Pyongyang the nuclear bomb is becoming more and more vital because it is increasingly feared that the country will end up like Iraq and Libya. Do you not believe that the sanctions of the United Nations are therefore totally ineffective and counterproductive because they fuel this escalation?AV: Of course, but they [sanctions] are still imposed on the victim! It is because almost no one dares to laugh straight in the faces of Western demagogues and dictators. The world resembles the areas occupied by the Nazi Germany and Italy and Japan during the WWII. There, nobody would dare to vote independently, defending victims of fascism.AB: The US Federation of Science (FAS) estimates that in 2017 North Korea has  fissile material to potentially produce 10 to 20 nuclear warheads  even if it is strongly suspected that none can be considered ready for launch. The US possesses 6,800 nuclear heads. The French and British (respectively 300 and 215 respectively) included, NATO s nuclear forces have 7,315 nuclear warheads, of which 2,200 are ready to launch, compared to 7,000 held by the Russians, of which 1,950 are ready to launch. With Chinese (270), Pakistani (120-130), Indian (110-120) and Israeli (80), the total number of nuclear warheads is estimated to be around 15,000 by default. The West is a nuclear oligopoly that can only create an escalation with those who feel threatened, and so the threatened search to procure them. Is North Korea the only source of nuclear threat to the world, as it seems in the mainstream media?AV: Of course, North Korea is no threat at all. I have already spoken about it during countless televised interviews. I visited North Korea and mingled with its people. There, nobody wants war. The North Korean people paid a terrible price for their independence. Its civilians were murdered mercilessly in tunnels by Western forces; its women were brutally raped, entire villages and towns leveled to the ground, or burned to ashes. All this is never discussed in the West, but is remembered in North Korea.Now, absolutely shameless British propaganda is  preparing  the world public for the  inevitability  of the war. You know, if someone in this day and age still believes that the United States is the only culprit, he or she is perhaps living in some deep isolated trench or a cave. Indoctrination and brainwashing is mainly designed,  Made in Europe , most evidently in the UK, where most of the people have already lost all their ability to think rationally. The British colonialist propaganda apparatus is terribly sinister, but strategically it is simply brilliant! It was utilized for centuries, and it even succeeded in  programming  the brains of the victims in the sub-Continent, Africa and elsewhere.Of course, your numbers are correct and all that is happening is thoroughly absurd! But day and night people are told that North Korea represents a true danger to the world. The same was said about the Soviet Union, China, Cuba, Iraq, Afghanistan and many other countries. Most of these countries have already been destroyed.North Korea s sin is that it refuses to surrender, to fall on its knees, to sacrifice its people. It refuses to become a slave. For centuries, European and later US colonialism punished such defiance in the most brutal ways. Western culture is, after all, based and built on slavery. It demands absolute compliance, unconditional submission.If North Korea is attacked, it should fight back! And it will.AB: The United Nations adopted the important Treaty on the Prohibition of Nuclear Weapons in July. The United Nations is often used (in alternate ways and countries): this Treaty is ignored by all nuclear powers, including by members of NATO with US nuclear weapons (including Italy). NATO has banned member states from ratifying it. Can the West have a moralist attitude to those who pursue a deterrent in order not to not end up like Saddam and Gaddafi?AV: The West is like an army of brigands that has managed to overrun some city, to rape everything that moves, burn the center, loot houses and shops and then execute all leading thinkers and defenders. A few days later they see someone stealing a bunch of bananas from a fruit stall. And they catch him, and judge him, and feel totally morally righteous. It is all so comical! But that is not how you are supposed to see it!AB: Russia and China (with Iran, Venezuela and many other countries) are intensifying de-dollarization in their mutual exchanges. Does it envisage a gradual weakening of the dollar capable of affecting international finance and what geopolitical repercussions?AV: Yes, definitely! And you should talk about it to my friend, Peter Koenig, a true dissident, a former economist at the World Bank, who is now actually advising many countries on de-dollarization.US dollars should not be used anymore. Western institutions should be ignored. Totally new structures should be, and are being erected. China and Russia are, of course, in the lead. All this is extremely important and can change the world, in the near future.AB: Venezuela, with the convening of the Constituent Assembly, turned off the coup attempts of the opposition. In Brazil Lula is favored in polls, while in Argentina the former President Cristina Fernandez is back in the Senate with strong popular support. So it was not the end of the progressive cycle, as the mainstream has for years stated?AV: Of course it was not the end! The desire of Lain Americans to live in just and egalitarian societies is too strong; it cannot be destroyed overnight.There were some serious setbacks   in Argentina and Brazil. And Venezuela is suffering immensely, battered by its own shameless elites sponsored from abroad. But the country is still standing.In Brazil, Temer is immensely unpopular. His  constitutional coup  will soon backfire. PT will be back, in its old form or in a new one. And it will be much stronger than before. The same goes for Argentina. You see, despite all the media manipulation, propaganda and shameless lies, people are already realizing that they were fooled. They want some decency back, they want socialism and pride and hope! They want true independence.In two weeks from now I m going back to South America. My book of essays is being published by LOM, soon, and LOM is a very important left-wing publishing house in Chile. These days I go back to South America often. It is one of the frontlines, battlegrounds, where people struggle against Western imperialism and its lackeys!These are very important, fascinating times! I have just published my latest book, about  The Great October Socialist Revolution  of 1917, in Russia. Its legacy is now relevant, more than ever before in history. It gave birth to internationalism, and internationalism is the only movement, which can still save the world, and which can defeat Western nihilism and its barefaced, cynical pillage of the planet!***Andre Vltchek is a philosopher, novelist, filmmaker and investigative journalist. He has covered wars and conflicts in dozens of countries. Three of his latest books are his tribute to  The Great October Socialist Revolution  a revolutionary novel  Aurora  and a bestselling work of political non-fiction:  Exposing Lies Of The Empire . View his other books here. Watch Rwanda Gambit, his groundbreaking documentary about Rwanda and DRCongo and his film/dialogue with Noam Chomsky  On Western Terrorism . Vltchek presently resides in East Asia and the Middle East, and continues to work around the world. He can be reached through his website and his Twitter.READ MORE FROM ANDRE VLTCHEK: 21ST CENTURY IMPERIALISM FILESSUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @ 21WIRE.TV
War veteran Johnny  Joey  Jones praised President Trump for dropping the  mother of all bombs  on ISIS, saying the last administration failed to take appropriate action.Jones, who lost both his legs in an IED explosion, said he might still have his legs if the Obama administration wasn t concerned with public relations backlashes.He said he felt  expendable  because he lost his legs clearing a empty town on-the-ground, because the White House did not want to be seen in the press as dropping bombs on villages.Jones said Trump instead gave his generals the tools to make the decision best for their troops.  FOX NewsHere s Jones  tweet that went viral:I lost my legs because my gov't was afraid to use the tools they had and saw me as expendable. I wish I'd had this admin.  Johnny (Joey) Jones (@Johnny_Joey) April 13, 2017War-hawk, anti-Trump John McCain s daughter Megan took to Twitter to invite Johnny  Joey  Jones to appear on Fox show  Outnumbered  where she is a co-host. He kindly accepted her invitation:Everyone loves you   can you come on the show soon?  Meghan McCain (@MeghanMcCain) April 14, 2017Others on Twitter took the time to let him know how much they appreciate his service and his sacrifice:Real patriots don't see you as expendable.  Jim (@Jim65783) April 14, 2017https://twitter.com/Lord12Almighty/status/852741550790422528thank you sir. Your service to protect me will never be forgotten.  Sbeard74 (@Sbeard741) April 14, 2017Thank you, Joey. Honest to God, thank you from the bottom of my heart for your service. I wish you'd had this administration, too.  NyetToSeeHere (@GRRRR8est) April 13, 2017
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump opened the latest outpost in his real estate empire on Monday, a luxury hotel in a historic building five blocks from the White House that underwent a two-year, $200 million renovation. While staff members at the 263-room Trump International Hotel planned little hoopla for what they described as a “soft opening,” about 40 protesters opposed to the New York real estate developer’s presidential run gathered outside. The opening came eight weeks before the Nov. 8 election. “It kind of fits his personality that he finds a way to be on Pennsylvania Avenue, one way or another,” said protester Judy Byron, 70, a Washington artist. The hotel, which includes a $20,000-a-night suite, is less than a mile (km) down Pennsylvania Avenue from the White House. The hotel is housed in Washington’s third-tallest building, the 1899 Old Post Office, built in the Romanesque Revival architectural style. Trump said on Twitter he had stopped by the property “to thank all of the tremendous men & women for their hard work!” The protesters criticized some of Trump’s positions, including a promise to build a wall along the Mexican border to block illegal immigrants. Protest organizer Andrew Castro of Baltimore said: “We’re out here building a wall against racism.” Dozens of people filtered in and out on Monday afternoon, some to gawk and others pausing for a drink at the hotel’s bar. On his way in, Ric Hedlund, who works in port development, said he had been impressed by the renovations of a building that he said was previously “a dump.” “I’m going in to drink Trump wine,” said Hedlund, who added he also supported Trump as a candidate. Trump’s daughter Ivanka, who helped negotiate the 60-year lease with the U.S. government and oversaw the building’s revamp and design, said the project had come in a year ahead of schedule and under budget. “We have really positioned this hotel to not only be the finest hotel in D.C. but in the country,” she said in a telephone interview. A grand-opening ceremony is planned for next month. Trump attended the 2014 groundbreaking for the renovations alongside local Democratic officials before launching his presidential campaign last year. While Trump’s name is hard to escape in his native New York, where it adorns structures including the Trump Tower as well as a Bronx golf course, the hotel marks his most visible presence in Washington. His comments describing some Mexican immigrants as criminals prompted celebrity chefs Jose Andres and Geoffrey Zakarian to pull out of the project. Trump has sued them. 
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The chairman of the U.S. House of Representatives Appropriations Committee introduced a bill on Monday to provide $81 billion in emergency aid for recent hurricanes and wildfires. The legislation includes $27.6 billion for the Federal Emergency Management Agency and $26.1 billion for community development block grants, Representative Rodney Frelinghuysen said in a statement. President Donald Trump had requested $44 billion last month, which was widely criticized by lawmakers as being insufficient. 
COPENHAGEN (Reuters) - A 17-year-old Danish girl who offered to fight for Islamic State was sentenced on Monday to eight years in prison by the Danish high court for planning bomb attacks on two schools, one of them Jewish. The high court on Friday found the girl - who was 15 years old at the time - guilty of the offences, upholding an earlier district court ruling. The district court had initially sentenced her to six years in jail.  The prosecutor had called for her to sentenced to preventive detention indefinitely. The girl was arrested at her home in January last year and charged with planning the attacks after acquiring chemicals for making bombs. 
Michelle Obama received $70 million dollars from the feds for her pet project to promote eduction for girls. It s really a front and slush fund for her escapades to Europe, Asia and now the wealthy Middle East Traveling the world on taxpayer dollars is what Mooch does best. This time she s outdone herself with the idiocy of speaking to a radical Muslim group about how bad she had it as a kid in America when these radical Muslims don t think twice about Sharia law and the horror that brings for little girls. What a fool!The First Lady is supposed to be a representative of America and shine a light on the good work we re doing around the world. Michelle Obama can t help but repeatedly bash America and especially slam the status quo in American culture. After all, she did say we need to change our traditions.So here s the latest on her America bashing in the Middle East while on the taxpayer s dime:First Lady Michelle Obama is in Qatar this week for a summit sponsored by a state-controlled foundation that is known for operating mosques that have welcomed extremist clerics, according to a range of sources.Obama is in Qatar a country under congressional scrutiny for its financing of terrorists through the end of the week to attend the country s World Innovation Summit for Education, an annual educational conference sponsored by the Qatar Foundation, which has been marred in controversy due to its ongoing hosting of radical clerics.Founded and run by the former Qatari emir s wife, Sheikha Mozah, the Qatar Foundation houses six satellite campuses owned by American universities and other Western schools at a site outside Doha known as Education City.At its mosque there, the Foundation has welcomed multiple radical clerics in the past several months, prompting criticism from some who accuse the charity of quietly promoting terrorism.One cleric who recently spoke at the mosque, Omar Abdelkafi, has mocked the killings of French satirical writers at Charlie Hebdo, calling the terrorist act  the sequel to the comedy film of 9/11.  Another maintained that  Jews and their helpers must be destroyed. The ongoing appearance of these clerics at the foundation s mosque has raised questions about the Obama administration s endorsement of the charity, which has strived to maintain international legitimacy.Read more: WFBObama addressed the foundation on Wednesday:Michelle Obama went to Qatar to give a speech on girls education. There, the first lady of the United States complained about growing up as a girl in America. Back when I was a girl, even though I was bright and curious and I had plenty of opinions of my own, people were often more interested in hearing what my brother had to say. And my parents didn t have much money; neither of them had a university degree. So when I got to school, I sometimes encountered teachers who assumed that a girl like me wouldn t be a good student. I was even told that I would never be admitted to a prestigious university, so I shouldn t even bother to apply,  Obama said at the Qatar National Convention Center in Doha.  Like so many girls across the globe, I got the message that I shouldn t take up too much space in this world. That I should speak softly and rarely. That I should have modest ambitions for my future. That I should do what I was told and not ask too many questions. But I was lucky, because I had parents who believed in me, who had big dreams for me. They told me, don t ever listen to those who doubt you. They said, just work harder to prove them wrong.  And that s what I did. I went to school. I worked hard. I got good grades. I got accepted to top universities. I went on to become a lawyer, a city government employee, a hospital executive, and  - the most important job I ve ever had  - a mother to two beautiful girls.  Obama did say that the U.S. has made progress.  And as I moved forward, so did my country. In each generation, brave women and men fought to end gender discrimination in the workplace, to pass tougher laws against rape and domestic abuse, to ensure equal access to education for women. And while we still have work to do to achieve full economic, political equality for women in the U.S., today, nearly 60 percent of American university students are women. And as for the law school at Harvard University  - which I actually got my law degree   the Dean of the school is now a woman, as are half the students.  Here s a bit from Michelle Obama s speech: 
A Michigan man just received a disturbing letter. The letter alleges that he has violated his probation for  threatening  Michigan s Governor, Rick Snyder, on Facebook.In 2013, Chris Wahmhoff, of Kalamazoo, Michigan was arrested for protesting the rebuilding and expansion of a pipeline that ruptured in 2010, creating the largest inland oil spill in history. In December 2014, Wahmoff was sentenced to probation, in lieu of a jail sentence.Wahmhoff received a letter from his probation officer, claiming that he has violated the terms of his probation on three counts. The first count is for his failure to pay back restitution. The second is for failing to provide his DNA for testing. The third count is where things get quite disturbing.The letter says that he has violated his probation for allegedly threatening Rick Snyder. The letter reads:Count 3: On 1.27.16 the defendant displayed threatening behavior on social media (Facebook) when he responded to a posting pertaining to the Governor of Michigan hiring two public relations firms in lieu of hiring to restore the infrastructure to provide clean water for Flint when he stated  so when y all are ready to march in and take his ass across the street I have my torch, I got warm socks. I m waiting on y all. This is in no way a credible threat of violence. In fact, it is actually quite tame compared to many of the things that have been posted about Snyder. Cher caught wind of the situation going on in Flint, Michigan before the story had reached critical mass. She called for Snyder to be put in front of a firing squad. A Michigan militia has even taken sides against Snyder.WTF IS GOING ON W/POWERMAD,GREED DRIVEN,KILLER,INCOMPETENT,POLITICIANS?THEY R CRIMNALS GOV.RICK SNYDER OF MICH.#FIRINGSQUADWORKSFORME  Cher (@cher) January 6, 2016Whether or not a Snyder and his cronies are found culpable for their role in the Flint water crisis, or not remains to be seen. That being said, the people of Michigan    well, people all over the U.S. and the world for that matter   have already found Snyder to be guilty. He has eroded democracy through his expansion of Michigan s emergency manager law. He has poisoned an entire city. At least ten people have already died from water contamination. When people refer to Snyder as a baby killer, it is by no means an exaggeration.I spoke to Wahmhoff over the phone. He says that he was publicly calling for a citizen s arrest of Rick Snyder. Wahmhoff is emphatic that he does not think that people should go into the Capital building  guns blazing.  He doesn t want any violence to come to Snyder. He does, however, think he needs to be removed from office immediately. Wahmhoff told Addicting Info: I never intended to call for violence against Rick Snyder.. But according to Michigan law 764.16 (b), I have the right to, and do intend to legally invoke the arrest of governor Rick Snyder for felonious child endangerment. Not just for Flint, but for Detroit, for the Kalamazoo River, and for the children who will continue to suffer as long as Rick Snyder is in power. The right-wing has usurped and bastardized the concept of government tyranny and the expulsion of tyrants, to the point where birthers think that President Obama should be removed from office by force. Those people are insane. I by no means support violence. Though I have to say, I am sure that the founders of the United States would consider the Snyder administration a domestic threat. As many have pointed out, the poisoning of an entire city s water supply is an act that any ISIS member would look upon with envy.There are mobs of people out there who actually would tear Rick Snyder to shreds, given the opportunity. In light of that, the idea that someone would actually take a person s vague comment from Facebook seriously enough to consider it a violation of their probation, is absurd. Especially when the person who made the comment is on probation for protesting a corporation that created the worst environmental disaster in Michigan s history   not including the current crisis in Flint, of course. Michigan activists are planning a protest, to stand in solidarity with Wahmhoff. Featured Image Credit: Donkey Hotey via Flickr. With letter screenshot added by Joe Fletcher. 
The Islamic State terrorist group, also known as ISIS, is beginning to admit that the military strategy authorized by President Obama and executed by the United States and its international allies is destroying its grip on the Middle East.The admission is a validation of the President s strategy, which has faced never-ending criticism from the Republican Party and the conservative movement.ISIS has declared for years a  caliphate,  or a sphere of influence and control across several countries   including Syria and Iraq, with the eventual goal of a  worldwide caliphate. But now, after U.S.-led bombing runs, drone strikes, and engagement on the ground by forces trained and armed by America and its allies, the caliphate is weakening.In public messages and in recent actions in Syria, the group s leaders are acknowledging the terrorist organization s declining fortunes on the battlefield while bracing for the possibility that its remaining strongholds could fall.While the death tolls are horrific and the loss of human life unacceptable, recent suicide bombings from those associated with ISIS are more evidence that it is losing in the territory it gained.At the same time, the group is vowing to press on with its recent campaign of violence, even if the terrorists themselves are driven underground. U.S. counterterrorism experts believe the mass- casualty attacks in Istanbul and Baghdad in the past month were largely a response to military reversals in Iraq and Syria.In 2014, under President Obama s orders, the United States launched Operation: Inherent Resolve. In a release announcing the operation, U.S. Central Command (CENTCOM) explained the operation was in place to  reflect the unwavering resolve and deep commitment of the U.S. and partner nations in the region and around the globe to eliminate the terrorist group ISIL and the threat they pose to Iraq, the region and the wider international community. Since then, American-led fighter jet missions have been operating in Iraq and Syria to eliminate the ISIS threat, even as conservatives, Republicans, and their presidential candidates like Donald Trump continued to attack Obama as weak on terrorism.According to the Department of Defense, as of July 12, the coalition has flown 13,803 airstrikes in Iraq and Syria against ISIS targets. Of those, 10,577 airstrikes were executed by American fighter pilots.The Department also reports as of May this year Operation Inherent Resolve had destroyed or damaged 26,374 target under ISIS control. This includes 143 tanks, 6,545 buildings, and 1,620 parts of the oil infrastructure that ISIS has been using to finance their missions.The conflict isn t over, but ISIS is not expanding. It s getting smaller.Featured image via Flickr
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. House of Representatives’ special Benghazi committee approved its report on Friday on the attack in Libya that killed four Americans in 2012, but the Republican-led panel set no date for ending its work after a two-year-long investigation. The committee’s chairman, Republican Representative Trey Gowdy, said the panel voted to approve the 800-page report, with seven Republicans in favor and four Democrats opposed, in a closed-door meeting. Republicans had issued the report on June 28. It included no major new revelations about the assault in Benghazi that killed U.S. Ambassador Christopher Stevens and three other Americans. But it criticized presumptive Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton, who was secretary of state at the time of the violence, saying both she and her staff showed a “shameful” lack of response to congressional investigators looking into the attack on a U.S. diplomatic compound.  It also accused Clinton’s State Department of failing to protect the Americans killed. Last October, Clinton, already a Democratic presidential candidate, calmly deflected harsh Republican criticism of her handling of the attack during a testy 11-hour hearing before Gowdy’s committee. Democrats have derided the report as a political vendetta against the former secretary of state. Republicans said the committee’s work would not wrap up until materials related to the report are reviewed for classified information and potential perjury claims, which would be referred to the Federal Bureau of Investigation. “If you thought a vote today would be the end of this partisan chapter of our history, you would be wrong,” Representative Elijah Cummings, the ranking Democrat on the panel, said in a statement. “The Select Committee is poised to last for months - perhaps until right before the presidential election - and that appears to be the Republican plan,” Cummings said. Republicans plan more interviews, including one next week with Stephen Hedger, the head of legislative affairs at the Department of Defense, Cummings said. Panel Republicans issued a joint statement calling the investigation “a great privilege and honor.” They urged President Barack Obama’s administration to clear for public release all of the supporting evidence and documents referenced in the report. 
Yes, big government is using YOUR money to pay off bad actors so they won t terrorize America. It s really unreal but if you ve been watching the  fundamental transformation  in Minnesota you d know it s probably par for the course in that state. Minnesota was chosen to be flooded with Somali Muslims who ve since not made any effort to assimilate and have been basically a royal pain to the community. Recently, six young Somali refugees were charged with conspiring to support ISIS in Syria. So the government is calling this bribe to would-be terrorists  crime prevention . Why not just kick them out of America if they plan on supporting any terrorist organization?Hibaaq Osman has a glow that changes the energy in a room, or in her case, the energy of the restaurant her family owns in Karmel mall, the oldest Somali mall in Minneapolis. The cafe is right near the mosque on the top floor of the building, past rows of entrepreneurs selling wares in individual stalls, sipping hot drinks in small cups and chatting in Somali.Osman retains her glow, even in anger. And after a press conference held outside the mosque, she is upset. I feel like we as a community need to wake up,  she said.  We need to wake up and say,  You know what? Enough is enough.  We are citizens, we are taxpayers, we own businesses, we need people to understand that we also are part of this country just the way anybody else is.  [ ]Opponents of the CVE program point out that these 40 individuals make up less than 0.3% of Minnesota s Somali population.Already, the CVE pilot program has been re-branded with a new name, Building Community Resilience. Luger s office says it captures the essence of his vision: to keep teens from Minnesota from traveling to the Middle East and blowing themselves up. Luger says it will do so by providing $216,000 in federal funds   in addition to other local and private support   which will be disbursed to community groups through a grant-making organization.The social services supported by the funding serve as crime prevention, he contends.But a statement issued from a coalition protesting the program asserted:  The Minnesota Muslim community is united over its growing concerns of the CVE pilot program, which so far has only alienated the very communities it was seeking to influence. While attempting to derail the communities  own initiative to enhance its ability to build community resilience. Via: The Guardian
COPENHAGEN (Reuters) - Denmark will no longer automatically accept a quota of refugees under a U.N. resettlement program after passing a law on Wednesday that enables the government to determine how many can enter each year. Since 1989, Denmark has agreed to take 500 refugees a year selected by the United Nations under a program to ease the burden on countries that neighbor war zones.  But after the European migration crisis in 2015 brought almost 20,000 claims for asylum, Denmark has refused to take any U.N. quota refugees. Under the new law, the immigration minister will decide how many refugees will be allowed under the U.N. program, with 500 now the maximum except in an  exceptional situation .    It s hard to predict how many refugees and migrants will show up at the border to seek asylum, and we know it may be hard to integrate those who arrive here,  Immigration and Integration Minister Inger Stojberg said last month when her ministry proposed the law. The opposition Social-Liberal Party said opting out of the U.N. program would increase pressure on countries already accommodating large numbers of refugees, and the move could encourage other countries to follow suit. Last year, more than 6,000 people claimed asylum in Denmark. Between January and November this year just over 3,000 people did.   (Corrects throughout to show new law only applies to U.N. resettlement quota, not other refugee applications.) 
We all already know that Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump is a loose cannon, especially when it comes to his Twitter habits. Tuesday night during the vice presidential debate was no different.Trump began the night by already assuming CNN is against him, so he declared he d turn to the Republican media branch, Fox News.Wow, @CNN is so negative. Their panel is a joke, biased and very dumb. I'm turning to @FoxNews where we get a fair shake! Mike will do great  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 5, 2016From there he let everyone know (at least we had a warning this time) that he was about to light up Twitter with his repeated nonsense.I will be live-tweeting the V.P. Debate. Very exciting! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 5, 2016Then, he told us to enjoy his live-tweeting, because of course he did.Here we go   Enjoy!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 5, 2016Things started decent enough, with Trump even throwing both his running mate Mike Pence and Hillary Clinton s running mate Tim Kaine a compliment.Both are looking good! Now we begin!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 5, 2016Then the sh*t started to hit the screen:"@RoadkingL: @mike_pence Wow, Kaine couldn't go 12 seconds without a lie. Marines and military are scared of the liar running. #bengazi"  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 5, 2016"@lainey34210: @realDonaldTrump Great opening Pence?"  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 5, 2016"@Susiesentinel: #pence is so much more likeable than Kaine #cbsnews @realDonaldTrump"  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 5, 2016Keep in mind he s quote retweeting people because he clearly can t move his tiny thumbs fast enough to keep up."@bigdog_joey: @realDonaldTrump @timkaine is so angry. Our @mike_pence looks great. kaine can't defend all those lies #makeamericagreatagain  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 5, 2016"@elisac006: @nycmia @realDonaldTrump I agree. Kaine looks like a fool!!"  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 5, 2016Not only  like a fool!  but also apparently like a Batman villain:"@Jnelson52722: @realDonaldTrump @Susiesentinel Kaine looks like an evil crook out of the Batman movies"  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 5, 2016Then some lies:"@TeamTrump: .@mike_pence & @realDonaldTrump are PROVEN job creators and are prepared to bring JOBS BACK to the American people!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 5, 2016.@mike_pence is doing a great job   so far, no contest!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 5, 2016 "@ifdanyt: @realDonaldTrump Loving @mike_pence he's so likeable and sensible. Kaine is just talking bull!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 5, 2016And more lies:"@bcuzimdamomma: @FreeDavidKing No she only gets #Americans killed #Benghazi   we need @realDonaldTrump #MAGA"  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 5, 2016.@timkaine wants to tough on crime   fails to talk about defending rapists and murders #VPDebate  Sean Spicer (@seanspicer) October 5, 2016With a bit of racism and lack of acknowledging a disconnect within these very communities:Law enforcement officers bring communities together & keep us safe. @mike_pence & @realDonaldTrump RESPECT & stand by them! #Debates2016 pic.twitter.com/ugUaKugjFO  Official Team Trump (@TeamTrump) October 5, 2016Then some more lies:"@GeeVeeM: @realDonaldTrump @Susiesentinel Pence is so prepared! He did his homework to outperform Kaine."  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 5, 2016.@HillaryClinton Sneers At Millions Of Average Americans.https://t.co/gEfURjRCfu #VPDebate #BigLeagueTruth  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 5, 2016I agree Mike   thank you to all of our law enforcement officers! #VPDebate"Police officers are the best of us "@Mike_Pence  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 5, 2016ALL CAPS:WHAT THEY ARE SAYING ABOUT MIKE PENCE  DOMINATING  THE DEBATE:https://t.co/mUw9S5GgNM #VPDebate  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 5, 2016And really big lies:.@mike_pence and I will defeat #ISIS.https://t.co/oCIIDwtptV #VPDebate  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 5, 2016MORE CAPS:CLINTON S FLAILING SYRIA POLICY WAS JUDGED A FAILURE:https://t.co/ICZxn7Q3vZ #VPDebate  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 5, 2016.@timkaine is the ANTI-DEFENSE SENATOR. #VPDebate #BigLeagueTruth https://t.co/qWkvGFARA1  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 5, 2016CAPS AND LIES:ICYMI: PENCE: I RAN A STATE THAT WORKED; KAINE RAN A STATE THAT FAILED. https://t.co/XuWaueNkH0  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 5, 2016Then more lies:.@timkaine is wrong for defense: https://t.co/QN9qqoq1kH #BigLeagueTruth #VPDebate  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 5, 2016Sanctions Relief From Clinton-Obama Iran Nuclear Deal Likely Go to Terrorists:https://t.co/lM80JriF9k #BigLeagueTruth #VPDebate  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 5, 2016AND CAPS:CLINTON S CLOSE TIES TO PUTIN DESERVE SCRUTINY:https://t.co/wPYm5vQoyt #VPDebate  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 5, 2016Quick pause, how much projecting is there in that last tweet, or hell all the tweets? You can pretty much assume anything Trump says to attack Clinton has been used against him.Okay .MORE LIES IN ALL CAPS:CLINTON IS WEAK ON NORTH KOREA:https://t.co/8pRednmnFX #VPDebate  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 5, 2016Then he simmers for a moment, but still lies:.@HillaryClinton s Careless Use Of A Secret Server Put National Security At Risk: https://t.co/OiAEMnrGcy #VPDebate#BigLeagueTruth  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 5, 2016Clinton s Top Aides Were Mired In Conflict Of Interest At The State Department: https://t.co/wWfdaECtVu#VPDebate #BigLeagueTruth  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 5, 2016Retweets! (tiny thumbs need a break):"@Gsimmons03Ginny: @realDonaldTrump ..Kaine is awful, Trump and Pence are the ticket..no more lies, we are ready to see America Great Again!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 5, 2016"@AnyoneTennis: @timkaine Cannot believe how often the moderator interrupts #Pence vs the other guy so obvious @FoxNews" So true!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 5, 2016Then before the debate was even over:Mike Pence won big. We should all be proud of Mike!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 5, 2016Let s put it this way, Trump still probably thinks he won his debate with Hillary as well. And while Pence did as good of a job as he could, staying calm, etc. while Kaine was feistier, he still couldn t defend Trump s blatant misogyny and racism. Hell, Pence himself is a misogynist, against the LGBT community, and fiercely anti-worker and anti-immigrant.All in all, this tweetstorm during the VP debate shows us, yet again, how ill-suited Trump is for the office of the presidency and simply isn t fit to lead.Featured Photo by Joe Raedle/Getty Images, Twitter
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson on Thursday welcomed Chinese efforts toward North Korea amid tensions over Pyongyang s nuclear weapons program, but said Beijing could do more with its oil exports to pressure North Korea.    The Chinese are doing a lot. We do think they could do more with the oil. We re really asking them to please restrain more of the oil, not cut it off completely,  Tillerson said in remarks at the State Department. 
WASHINGTON/NEW YORK (Reuters) - The White House promoted President Donald Trump’s tax cut plan on Friday with a forecast of faster U.S. economic expansion and wage growth, as independent analysts said the plan would swell the budget deficit and provide little spark to the economy. The rival projections reflected the many unknowns swirling around the plan, expected to be unveiled in legislative form on Wednesday. Republicans were still undecided on some of the hardest parts, such as how to pay for the costly cuts proposed. Weeks and possibly months of debate lie ahead for a project that Trump promised to tackle in his 2016 election campaign. In September, he unveiled a rough framework for cutting taxes. Now he wants Congress to approve a bill, which would mark his first major legislative victory, before the end of the year. The Trump plan for tax cuts of the sort normally reserved for times of economic recession is taking shape in Congress amid signs the economy is already growing briskly. Gross domestic product increased at a 3 percent annual rate in the July-September period, supported by strong business spending on equipment, the Commerce Department said on Friday. The economic recovery begun under former President Barack Obama after the 2007-2009 recession is in its eighth year and showing little signs of fatigue amid a tightening labor market. “It’s hard to say that we need to have tax cuts at the individual level ... you don’t need to provide further fiscal stimulus when the economy is already strong,” said Bernard Baumohl, chief global economist at the Economic Outlook Group in Princeton, New Jersey. Faced with improving economic prospects, Republicans have shifted their rhetoric on tax cuts away from getting the economy moving again to keeping it on an expansion track. An analysis released by White House economic adviser Kevin Hassett said slashing the top federal corporate tax rate and letting businesses write off the full cost of most capital investments immediately, as proposed in the plan, would bring faster growth and higher wages. Hassett’s projections envisioned a 3 percent to 5 percent increase in GDP that, over 10 years, could represent an additional $700 billion to $1.2 trillion in economic output. But the Tax Policy Center, a nonprofit Washington think tank, released an analysis that concluded the Trump tax plan would not produce a significant, permanent economic boost. The group said the plan would reduce federal tax revenue by roughly $2.4 trillion over the next decade and by over $3 trillion in the decade after that, adding significantly to a U.S. national debt that already exceeds $20.4 trillion. The center said Trump’s tax cuts would drive new activity at first, but that the impact would be blunted in later years by rising deficits, forcing more federal borrowing to finance the tax cuts and driving up borrowing costs for the private sector. Hassett told reporters he does not expect tax reform to add significantly to the deficit. But he conceded that it would become “a big negative” if economic growth failed to materialize and the debt level soared. The framework of Trump’s plan unveiled last month called for reducing the corporate tax rate to 20 percent from 35 percent, the small business rate to 25 percent from up to 39.6 percent and the top individual rate to 35 percent from 39.6 percent. It also called specifically for repealing the estate tax on inheritances and the alternative minimum tax, both of which are typically paid by the country’s highest-income earners. Less clear were the plan’s proposals to reduce the number of tax brackets, enhance the child tax credit and possibly put new limits on popular 401(k) retirement pension plans. Because details of the unfinished tax legislation are unknown, its economic impact is unclear, said Omer Eisner, chief market analyst at Commonwealth Foreign Exchange in Washington. Hours after the Commerce Department reported stronger-than-expected third quarter U.S. economic growth of 3 percent. Hassett said the data did not undercut the need for tax cuts. He said economic expansion and stronger stock market performance could be undermined if the Republican-controlled Congress fails to enact the tax cuts. “Firms are optimistic both because of regulatory reform but also because they expect corporate tax reform and overall tax reform,” Hassett said. “The thing that I’m worried about is that if those expectations prove to be incorrect, then I would expect business capital spending to go back to a disappointing path and equity markets to decline as well.” Kevin Brady, chairman of the U.S. House of Representatives tax committee, said progress was being made toward satisfying Republicans who have held back support for the tax plan because it could end a deduction for state and local taxes. “I’m hopeful ... we can find a good solution for them,” Brady said. 
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A convoy of Islamic State fighters and their families remains in the Syrian desert after turning back from the Iraqi border, the U.S.-led coalition said on Friday. The coalition said in a statement that it has asked Russia to tell the Syrian government that the coalition will not allow the convoy of 17 buses to move further east to the Iraqi border.  The Syrian army and Lebanon s Hezbollah group gave safe passage to the jihadists after they surrendered their enclave on Syria s border with Lebanon. The U.S.-led coalition says it was not a party to the deal. 
CAN YOU DO IT? WE D LOVE TO KNOW WHAT SURPRISED YOU. Via: Playbuzz
Lou Dobbs rips into Paul Ryan and it s really awesome! Every word of his commentary is spot on! Bravo! 
BRASILIA (Reuters) - Brazilian lawmakers rejected corruption charges against President Michel Temer on Wednesday evening, shelving a case that had threatened to oust a center-right leader who investors hope will bring Brazil s budget deficit under control. The corruption case, involving the payment of bribes by meatpacker JBS SA (JBSS3.SA), had paralyzed Temer s reform agenda for six months and weakened his government. The lower house of Brazil s Congress, which has the authority to decide whether a president should stand trial by the Supreme Court, voted 251-233 to throw out charges of obstruction of justice and organized crime filed by federal prosecutors.  The vote means that Temer is safe from prosecution while he remains president. But he is still subject to investigation and possible trial by lower courts after his term ends in late 2018. While Temer s opponents were far from the 342 votes - or two-thirds of the seats - needed to put him on trial, he got 12 votes less than in August when the lower house voted 263-227 to block an initial corruption charge against him. The slip in support signals Temer will have trouble passing a pension reform bill that is crucial for plugging Brazil s budget deficit. Many lawmakers are reluctant to back the reform, which would make Brazilians work more years before retirement. The speaker of the house, Rodrigo Maia, said the shelving of the charges against Temer cleared the way for the government and Congress to move ahead with the pension reform debate. Allies said Brazil could not afford the upheaval of removing a second president in little over a year, as Latin America s largest economy struggles to overcome deep recession. Temer succeeded impeached leftist President Dilma Rousseff in 2016. Opponents criticized Temer for making policy concessions and fast-tracking pork barrel spending to win votes to ensure his survival. To please the powerful farm lobby that has two-fifths of the votes in the lower house, Temer agreed to lower fines for environmental damage. He attempted to relax a definition of slave labor, but was forced to backtrack after an outcry. A few hours before the vote, Temer was taken to hospital in pain due to a urinary tract obstruction, a health scare that triggered a brief selloff in financial markets. His office said he underwent a bladder test by catheter and left the hospital later on Wednesday. Temer, 77, was recently diagnosed with a partial coronary artery blockage. Brazil's benchmark Bovespa stock index .BVSP closed up 0.47 percent at 76,706 points after the house reached a quorum allowing the vote to go ahead. Earlier, it touched session lows on the news that Temer was in the hospital. Stocks later pared losses and the currency was flat after his office gave details of his condition.       
After just 10 days and a few firings under his belt, Donald Trump s brand new communications director got the ax, and as the details are emerging, he was treated almost as badly as he deserved. According to new reports, Anthony Scaramucci had to be escorted from the premises, as if he was caught with his hand in the cash register.Anthony Scaramucci was escorted from White House grounds today after ouster, per source familiar with the scene  Jackie Alemany (@JaxAlemany) July 31, 2017Anthony Scaramucci s ouster from Trump Administration might have been a messy affair for the White House, based on a report from CNN s Jeff Zelany about the now-former Communications Director s was led away from the president s mansion.Zeleny was on with Brooke Baldwin to discuss the reports saying Chief of Staff John Kelly removed Scaramucci from his post over his lack of  discipline.  During his report, Zeleny said Scaramucci was  essentially escorted off the White House property earlier this afternoon. Source: MediaiteWhile it may not be that unusual for an ex-employee to be escorted out of the White House, it s safe to say that during Scaramucci s turbulent and tiny tenure, he didn t make any friends. He was reportedly fired because the new Chief of Staff John Kelly didn t approve of  the Mooch s  insane profanity laced phone call with a New Yorker reporter. Even Donald Trump, who has mocked disabled people and Gold Star families, who goes on Twitter tirades against anyone who stands in his way and who is completely fascinated with women bleeding, thought Scaramucci s language was  inappropriate. Here are some snippets of the call that might explain why: Reince (Priebus) is a fucking paranoid schizophrenic, a paranoiac,  Scaramucci said. He channelled Priebus as he spoke:    Oh, Bill Shine is coming in. Let me leak the fucking thing and see if I can cock-block these people the way I cock-blocked Scaramucci for six months.   And about Steve Bannon. I m not Steve Bannon, I m not trying to suck my own cock,  he said, speaking of Trump s chief strategist.  I m not trying to build my own brand off the fucking strength of the President. I m here to serve the country. It takes a whole new level of disgusting to make people feel sorry for Reince Priebus and Steve Bannon, but that s what we have. As for Scaramucci s unceremonious firing, well, he deserved it.Featured image via Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images
On Thursday, GOP Rep. Dave Brat took to CNN to blame, of all people, the media for Donald Trump s relentless attacks on Attorney General Jeff Sessions. Brat represents Virginia s 7th District, which may explain his love of both Sessions and Trump, and his desire to blame someone else for their falling out. The 7th District was created in 1993 by decree of the Department of Justice, who forced the state to create at least one  majority minority  district in order to comply with Section 5 of the Civil Rights Act. Much of the urban areas of Richmond were carved out into a new 3rd District, and what was left   the mainly white voters   were left in the 7th.Being as Trump and Sessions are now the two most powerful racists in America, it stands to reason that a guy representing an area that hasn t voted for a single Democrat in more than 45 years   and never elected a person of color  would want them to get along.In a statement released by Brat s office on Wednesday, he decried the  full-throated obsession over Russia  by the media, which he said could not have been foreseen at the time of Sessions  recusal from the investigation. That recusal has been the source of the recent enmity between the AG and the president. From the statement:The media s attacks have only escalated since Trump s inauguration. Fake news dominates. Anchors now make the news by opinion, instead of reporting objective reality. The President is frustrated with those who have called for his impeachment since day one.But CNN s Kate Bolduan took Brat to task for seemingly blaming the press for Trump s social media outburts. In a testy exchange, she maintained a difficult smile as she said  the media s not forcing the president to tweet his attacks.  Brat s response?  I think you did.  Bolduan was incredulous:Are you kidding me? The media did not force the president to attack Jeff Sessions.Watch the exchange in this tweet from CNN s Katerina Erbiti: I will concede the President did touch his key pad    @RepDaveBrat saying the media forced POTUS to attack Sessions https://t.co/mWkvpjZKjb  Katerina Erbiti (@KaterinaErbiti) July 27, 2017Featured image via Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump will announce new U.S. responses to Iran s missile tests, support for  terrorism  and cyber operations as part of his new Iran strategy, the White House said on Friday.  The president isn t looking at one piece of this. He s looking at all of the bad behavior of Iran,  Sarah Huckabee Sanders, the White House press secretary, told reporters.  Not just the nuclear deal as bad behavior, but the ballistic missile testing, destabilizing of the region, Number One state sponsor of terrorism, cyber attacks, illicit nuclear program,  Sanders continued. Trump  wants to look for a broad strategy that addresses all of those problems, not just one-offing those,  she said.  That s what his team is focused on and that s what he ll be rolling out to address that as a whole in the coming days.  A senior administration official told Reuters on Thursday that Trump was expected to announce he will decertify the landmark international deal curbing Iran s nuclear program, in a step that could cause the accord to unravel. Trump on Friday declined to explain what he meant when he described a gathering of military leaders the evening before as  the calm before the storm,  but the White House said his remarks were not meant to be mischievous. The administration was considering Oct. 12 for Trump to give a speech on Iran, but no final decision had been made, an official said previously. It was not clear to what illicit nuclear program Sanders was referring as the International Atomic Energy Agency says Iran is complying with the 2015 nuclear deal reached with the United States, Russia, China, Britain, France, Germany and the European Union. The Trump administration also has acknowledged that Iran has not breached the accord s Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action, or JCPOA, which is designed to prevent Iran developing a nuclear weapon. The administration, however, contends that Tehran has violated the  spirit  of the deal. The issue came up during a telephone call on Friday between Trump and French President Emmanuel Macron. The pair discussed  ways to continue working together to deny Iran all paths to a nuclear weapon,  according to a White House statement. Macron has been a fierce defender of the JCPOA, denounced by Trump as  the worst deal ever negotiated.  But the French leader also has suggested that restraints on Iran s nuclear program that expire in 2025 could be bolstered, a senior French official said last month. A senior U.S. official, speaking on condition of anonymity, said on Friday that steps Trump is reviewing as part of a broader strategy also include imposing targeted sanctions in response to Iran s ballistic missile tests, cyber espionage and backing of Lebanese Hezbollah and other groups on the U.S. list of foreign terrorist organizations. The administration earlier this year considered, but then put on hold, adding the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps, Iran s most powerful internal and external security force, to the U.S. list of foreign terrorist organizations. The Quds Force, the IRGC s foreign espionage and paramilitary wing, and individuals and entities associated with the IRGC are on the list, but the organization as a whole is not.  Last month, current and former U.S. officials told Reuters the broader strategy Trump is weighing is expected to allow more aggressive U.S. actions to counter what the administration views as Iran s efforts to boost its military muscle and expand its regional influence through proxy forces. Under a 2015 U.S. law, Trump has until Oct. 15 to certify to Congress that Iran is complying with the JCPOA. If he decides to decertify, lawmakers would have 60 days in which to consider reimposing U.S. sanctions on Iran lifted under the deal, an action that many experts warn could unhinge the accord. Knowledgeable sources, speaking on condition of anonymity, have said the administration is looking for ways to fix what it views as serious flaws without necessarily killing the deal. Critics say the flaws include the so-called sunset clauses, under which some of the restrictions on Iran s nuclear program expire over time. Trump s national security adviser, General H.R. McMaster, met with Republican and Democratic lawmakers on Wednesday in an effort to win their support for the strategy. 
Gut-wrenching behavior from a party who hasn t been challenged for the betrayal of their party in decades. You don t even have to be a fan of Trump s to find this story disturbing on so many levels There are so many intriguing twists in this NYT story about behind-the-scenes efforts to stop Trump that you ll save time by skipping this post and reading it yourself. This is the showstopper, though:While still hopeful that Mr. Rubio might prevail, Mr. McConnell has begun preparing senators for the prospect of a Trump nomination, assuring them that, if it threatened to harm them in the general election, they could run negative ads about Mr. Trump to create space between him and Republican senators seeking re-election. Mr. McConnell has raised the possibility of treating Mr. Trump s loss as a given and describing a Republican Senate to voters as a necessary check on a President Hillary Clinton, according to senators at the lunches.He has reminded colleagues of his own 1996 re-election campaign, when he won comfortably amid President Bill Clinton s easy re-election. Of Mr. Trump, Mr. McConnell has said,  We ll drop him like a hot rock,  according to his colleagues. I don t know where to begin. For starters, the fact that McConnell thinks Trump losing to Hillary is a given explains a lot about why Republicans got caught so flat-footed by Trump in the primary. It s not a given. He may lose but he won t get blown out. If we ve learned nothing else over the eight years, we ve learned that there s no such thing as an easy race for Hillary Clinton. Trump will start the campaign as an underdog with poisonous favorables but he s superb at staying on offense, as we ve seen over the past 36 hours   and he ll have endless attacks to pursue against Hillary to fuel the offensive. His alpha-male shtick may get a long look from centrist Democrats too, especially men who are worried about having a woman commander-in-chief for whatever reason.Beyond that, let me blow your minds by gently countering some bedrock conservative conventional wisdom: The media will not cut off Trump s insta-access to their airwaves the day after he clinches the nomination in the name of helping Hillary. The idea that they will is treated as the most elementary fact among righties I know, but there s nothing the media loves more than a circus and Trump is just one big orange-y circus. Their coverage will turn more skeptical, surely, and he might not get quite the same amount of anytime-day-or-night call-in opportunities that he has now, but you re kidding yourself if you think Joe Scarborough will turn down a request from the Republican nominee to spend an hour of airtime gladhanding him. Trump is the ultimate shiny object. He delivers ratings. Hillary will need to figure out a way to counter that.So no, it s not a given that he ll lose. But even if it were, how would an incumbent GOP senator whose seat is up benefit from alienating Trump fans by running attack ads against the party s own nominee? That s insane. Via: Hot Air
In your face progressivism They re not even attempting to hide it anymore. I m starting to believe these radical colleges and universities are wearing their glaring hypocrisy like a badge of honor Despite refusing to grant permission to the College Republicans to host presidential candidate Donald Trump in the school s largest auditorium in September, on the grounds that the space was not open to presidential candidates, Dartmouth College is now permitting Hillary Clinton to speak in the location this Tuesday.Dartmouth College, an Ivy League school located in rural New Hampshire, has hosted many Republican and Democratic presidential candidates this election cycle in a variety of indoor and outdoor spaces across campus. Over Dartmouth s summer term, Hillary Clinton drew a crowd of around 850 spectators at an outdoor venue. This is a prime example of the school attempting to insert their bias onto the student population.  -Trump Campaign Tweet ThisMichelle Knesbach, a junior at Dartmouth and president of the school s College Republicans chapter, told Campus Reform that the College Republicans began to invite candidates to campus after New Hampshire s  First in the Nation  event, where members of the group had the opportunity to meet the candidates and their staff in person. We discussed opportunities for Donald Trump to come up to Dartmouth. We got to the point where it looked like we had a date set for September 30,  Knesbach stated.While previous candidates had drawn sizable crowds when they visited Dartmouth, students and Trump staffers anticipated the need for a much larger space than the other candidates had used. The only space that could fit the anticipated 800 people, Spaulding Auditorium, is located in Dartmouth s Hopkins Center for the Arts, a large building that is home to a number of performance spaces and many of the school s arts programs.Knesbach explained that,  knowing that Donald Trump was going to get a huge crowd, I asked for Spaulding Auditorium in an email to Laura LaMontagne, an events facilitator, around mid-August. I was told that it was a possibility, and we looked at availability. We were initially told, via email, that there might be a possibility of using Spaulding. Shortly thereafter, Knesbach and the College Republicans Vice President Charles Springer decided to expedite the process by going to see LaMontagne in person. Springer recalled that when they arrived to meet with her, they were joined by another college events staff member named Jim, who Campus Reform believes to be Jim Alberghini, the school s events manager. We were initially talking about using Spaulding as a venue for Trump,  Knesbach said,  Then they explained to us that Spaulding was managed by the Hopkins Center and generally only used for Hopkins Center events. Springer corroborated this statement saying,  [t]hey said that there were only very, very rare exceptions to this and that large expenses and bureaucratic drama were required to make the auditorium available for any event not run by the Hopkins Center. Knesbach explained that the administrators listed examples illustrating that they never allow presidential candidates to use the space. They told us that candidates like Howard Dean and Barack Obama could have filled up Spaulding but were not given the opportunity to use it,  Knesback said. Candidates never get Spaulding.  They said that word for word,  Springer reiterated.A series of email exchanges between Knesbach, college administrators, and the Trump campaign followed the in-person conversation. We told the Trump campaign that we could not secure Spaulding for a candidate event. Then they said that they couldn t visit because there was no indoor venue available that could seat at least 800 people,  said Knesbach,  I told the college via email that the Trump campaign required an indoor venue that could hold 800, and they replied that they could only offer us an outdoor location. As no space could be agreed upon, the Trump campaign decided to cancel its visit to Dartmouth College, choosing another New Hampshire location instead.This past Friday, Dartmouth College Democrats sent a campus-wide email advertising another campus visit by Hillary Clinton. Knesbach and Springer said they were taken aback when they learned of the event s location: Spaulding Auditorium.Despite the Clinton campaign claiming the speaking engagement to be an official campaign event, as evidenced by the screenshot above, Dartmouth s Director of Media Relations , Diana Lawrence, told Campus Reform that,  Spaulding is not available for rent by anyone, including political candidates. It is, however, available for use (through reservation) by campus groups holding College-sponsored events. Hillary Clinton s visit on Tuesday is an event sponsored by the Tuck School of Business as part of their presidential candidates  speakers series. Lawrence also pointed out that during the 2012 presidential election cycle Spaulding Auditorium was host to a Republican presidential debate; however thus far during the current election cycle no candidates have been granted access to the space.George Pataki, the former Republican governor of New York, and South Carolina Senator Lindsey Graham have already spoken at Dartmouth as part of the America s Economic Future series, co-sponsored by the Tuck School of Business and the Nelson A. Rockefeller Center. Neither spoke at Spaulding Auditorium.A spokesperson for the Trump campaign told Campus Reform that the claims made by the College Republicans are completely accurate and that the campaign was  told Spaulding Auditorium would be off limits to all presidential candidates this election cycle. The spokesperson added that the Trump campaign believes  this is a prime example of the school attempting to insert their bias onto the student population.  Via: Campus Reform
Rather than do the damn job he swore to do, Donald Trump is now obsessed with complaining about media estimates of his inauguration crowd size.Trump had predicted that his inauguration would draw a record-breaking crowd. To break the record, which is held by President Obama in 2008, Trump would have had to get over 1.8 million people to show up.But he didn t even get half a million as aerial photographs and reports from the DC Metro show that Trump s audience left a hell of a lot of empty space in the National Mall.During a visit to the CIA, Trump complained about the media reports and claimed that his crowd numbered at least 1.5 million. We had a massive field of people. You saw that. Packed,  Trump claimed.  I get up this morning and I turn on one of the networks and they show an empty field. I said,  Wait a minute, I made a speech.  I looked out. The field was it looked like a million, a million and a half people,  Trump said.  They showed a field where there were practically nobody standing there. They said,  Donald Trump did not draw well.  It looked honestly like a million and a half people, whatever it was, it was, but it went all the way back to the Washington Monument and I turn on, by mistake, I get this network, and it showed an empty field. Said we drew 250,000 people. Now, that s not bad. But it s a lie. We had 250,000 people in the little ball that we constructed. Trump then insisted that the entire National Mall was packed all the way to the Washington Monument and then warned the media that they will  pay a price  for accurately reporting the numbers.Here s the video via Twitter:President Trump on crowd size at inauguration:  It looked like a million and a half people.  https://t.co/U5pWhBBMzt https://t.co/NX6vI6UTHR  CNN (@CNN) January 21, 2017Yes, up near the Capitol where Trump spoke was clearly packed, but the National Mall definitely was not.In fact, we can compare Trump s inauguration attendance to President Obama s in 2009 with photographs taken at the same time just before the inaugural address was delivered.For those saying  Trump can t be that hated, look at the size of the crowd    #Inauguration pic.twitter.com/Sczp6Feta5  Stefan Kay (@5tefanK) January 20, 2017What is shown is that President Obama s crowd reaches all the way to the Washington Monument in the photo on the left, while Trump s crowd is, indeed, sparse and does NOT reach the Washington Monument as he claims.Apparently, Trump is thinking of President Obama s inauguration crowd instead of his own.And the DC Metro statistics corroborate the photos.Metro Ridership: As of 11am, 193k trips taken so far today. (11am 1/20/13 = 317k, 11am 1/20/09 = 513k, 11am 1/20/05 = 197k) #wmata  Metro (@wmata) January 20, 2017The fact is that simply by looking at the photo it is possible to estimate the crowd size, and Trump s claim just doesn t match up with reality.Furthermore, it s incredibly disturbing that Trump continues to threaten the media for telling the truth about him, especially when there is photographic evidence that proves him wrong.Trump owes the media a public apology and then he needs to focus on the presidency instead of engaging in petty feuds with the free press.He s just mad because the size of the Women s March in Washington dwarfs his crowd size.Featured image via screenshot
BEIJING (Reuters) - Chinese authorities on Monday arrested a Japanese citizen suspected of spying, local state media said. The arrest was made in the port city of Dalian in the northeastern Liaoning province, which borders North Korea, the official Dalian Daily s online report said. The report said Ken Higuchi was being investigated by the Dalian City National Security Bureau on suspicion of spying against China, and that prosecutors had approved his arrest. The character given for Higuchi s first name could also be the names Takeshi or Takeru. It was unclear from the report, however, whether Higuchi was a new case or whether he had been detained earlier, and the latest development was his formal arrest. China detained six Japanese nationals in March on suspicion of illegal activities. Four of the six returned to Japan in July, three of whom were there doing geological research into hotsprings, according to their employer. China s foreign ministry also in July said that a single Japanese citizen was being investigated on suspicion of harming China s national security. Reuters was unable to contact Japan s foreign ministry by telephone. Monday was a national holiday in Japan. China s relationship with Japan has been strained for decades over the legacy of Japan s wartime aggression, while a maritime territorial dispute over small islands in the East China Sea has in recent years added to the suspicion between the two sides. In 2010, four Japanese nationals were detained in China on suspicion of entering a military zone and taking photographs without permission. At least two Japanese citizens were arrested on suspicion of espionage in 2015. Last year, China said it was investigating a Japanese citizen on suspicion of endangering national security. 
The Republican National Committee seems to be crumbling before His Royal Censorness, Donald Trump, even when it comes to barring unfriendly media outlets from the GOP convention. Open Secrets, a non-profit outlet that scrutinizes lobbyists, federal agencies, politicians of all stripes and more, can t get into the GOP convention this year, despite having gone every year for the past 20 years.They tweeted about it, asking if other non-profit outlets had experienced this problem and shining a nice, bright spotlight on the whole thing:We ve been denied press creds. by RNC, though we ve had them every convention back to  96. Any other nonprofit news orgs in the same boat?  OpenSecrets.org (@OpenSecretsDC) July 1, 2016Welcome to Donald Trump s world.Trumplestiltskin has banned at least nine media outlets from covering his rallies, including major ones like the Washington Post, The Huffington Post and Politico. He s also banned individual reporters from his rallies who work for a much larger range of outlets. They all seem to have a bad habit of making him look bad and, well, King Trump just can t have that.Trump is so sensitive to anyone that doesn t bow and scrape before his dirty little feet that he promised to open up libel laws so it s easier to sue the press and  win lots of money.  In other words, censorship. It s a wonder that Tea Partiers, who allegedly want a return to running the country according to the letter of the Constitution, actually support him given how he s openly threatened to tear up the First Amendment (and others, too).Trump also has a history of filing Strategic Lawsuits Against Public Participation, which is suing someone for exercising their First Amendment rights. It s ridiculously clear that he uses lawsuits as a weapon and a negotiating tool, and he also makes a point of suing anyone he doesn t like. As the GOP s standard-bearer, it s patently obvious that they re kowtowing to him.Open Secrets was allegedly barred because of space constraints. Viveca Novak, the editor of Open Secrets  money-in-politics blog, said that there was no process for appeal, and they re now stuck trying to cancel travel plans without losing too much money. FactCheck.org was initially denied credentials as well, but they got an appeal and succeeded, so what the hell?RNC communications director Kevin Spicer said that the credentialing process goes through the House and Senate press galleries. However, because Open Secrets is a non-profit, they re considered special press and must go through the RNC s special press director. Which is it, space or problems with the credentialing process? They can t get their story straight, and Novak poked them for it: Doesn t seem like it s for lack of space. https://t.co/y6PHJNlCZ6 https://t.co/pf4WvahOO2  Viveca Novak (@vjn) July 1, 2016The Hill has a story listing some of the prominent Republicans who aren t going to the convention this year because of Drumpf, and because of what he stands for. Bush the Greater, Bush the Lesser, and Bush the Least aren t going. John McCain isn t going. Mitt Romney likely isn t going either, even though it s traditional for past nominees to attend. Both John Kasich and Ted Cruz turned down opportunities to speak. And there s a whole host of delegates who won t be in attendance either.Of course, there is a very slim chance that the RNC is telling the truth about space and credentialing and Trump actually had nothing to do with this.Pathetically slim.So slim that it s virtually nonexistent.It s just way too coincidental that they d do this to an outlet that s attended their convention every year since 1996 while preparing to crown the very man that has openly said he wants to censor the press. They also don t have their story straight. Open Secrets will be allowed at the Democratic convention, though, so that s something. Just not the Republican one. Welcome to life under King Trump.Featured image by By WisPolitics.com, CC BY-SA 2.0, Commons
No wonder the stands are mostly empty at the Olympic events in the violent city of Rio Di Janeiro.As Rio de Janeiro rings in its tenure as host city to the Summer Olympics with street violence, deadly pollution, jihadist threats, incomplete facilities, and a plague, many around the world are wondering: who thought the embattled Brazilian city would be a good host for anything of this magnitude?The Summer Olympics is the second major global sporting event Brazil clinched hosting duties for under the rule of the socialist Workers  Party (PT)   and its founder, President Luiz In cio Lula da Silva   two years after its surprisingly uneventful run as hosts of the FIFA World Cup. Brazil winning World Cup hosting duties made sense; it was the only candidate. The Olympic bid, however, was a competitive one, with highly developed cities like Madrid and Chicago making the case that they were safer, better-prepared venues for such an event.Hey Hillary supporters here is a preview of what socialism really looks like:https://youtu.be/BFDHd3UCyaUAt the time of Rio s winning Olympic bid, International Olympic Committee (IOC) president Jacques Rogge said of Brazil,  There was absolutely no flaw in the bid.  IOC Evaluation Commission chair Nawal El Moutawakel implied this was false, but refused to speak ill of Rio de Janeiro. There is a vision between now and many years yet to come, these Olympic Games come right in the middle of a global vision led by President Lula and the entire government,  she concluded.Lula, meanwhile, reveled in the significance of hosting the Games for his socialist movement.  For us, it will be an opportunity to be equal. It will increase self-esteem for Brazilians, will consolidate recent conquests and stimulate new advances,  he said in a speech following the IOC announcement.Lula, an ally of the continent s worst tyrants, from Hugo Chavez to Fidel Castro, did have a vision for Brazil: to use it as a personal piggy bank for himself and his cronies while exploiting the desperation of the poor. Under Lula, officials used the state-run oil company Petrobras to line their pockets with hundreds of millions of dollars by overcharging on contract projects. For years, investigators believed the Petrobras corruption scheme   known by its investigative name, Operation Car Wash   operated without Lula s knowledge.Judge Sergio Moro, who has become a folk hero for his role in exposing the corruption, found evidence that Lula used Petrobras money to buy himself a beachfront home. Moro opened an investigation into Lula, which immediately prompted President Dilma Rousseff to appoint Lula her chief of staff, granting him immunity.Moro posted audio of Rousseff, the nation s Minister of Energy during the Petrobras scandal, assuring Lula she would appoint him to a government position for immunity purposes if police got too close to uncovering his role in the scandal. Rousseff accused Moro of trying to foment a coup against her.Rousseff has since been impeached.  Breitbart News
 (Corrects source in headline and first paragraph of Dec. 5 story; adds source in third paragraph) By Vladimir Soldatkin MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russia has communication channels with North Korea open and Moscow is ready to exert its influence on Pyongyang, Interfax news agency quoted Russian Deputy Foreign Minister Igor Morgulov as saying on Tuesday.  We have channels, through which we are conducting a dialogue, and we are ready to deploy them, we are ready to exert our influence on North Korea,  Morgulov was quoted as saying at a conference in Berlin.      He also said that neither Washington nor Pyongyang want a real war  but such scenarios exist , according to RIA news agency. The Kremlin has traditionally protected the reclusive state though the latest Pyongyang tests have irked Moscow. North Korea, which conducted its sixth and largest nuclear bomb test in September, has tested dozens of ballistic missiles under Kim Jong Un s leadership in defiance of international sanctions. Morgulov called for other measures than isolation to exercise in dealing with North Korea.  We believe that the isolation alone...will not work, this won t take us forward. By doing this, we will only worsen the situation, which is dangerous. We are really on the brink of a real war,  he said. In Washington, a U.S. State Department spokeswoman said the Trump administration still wanted a peaceful, diplomatic solution to the nuclear and missile threat from Pyongyang but said:  (North Korea) has shown through its actions that it is not interested in talks. We must remain focused on increasing the costs for Pyongyang to continue to advance its WMD programs.  Morgulov was also quoted as saying that North Korea was seeking a direct dialogue with the United States on its nuclear program, while it was not in need of security guarantees either from China or Russia. 
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Barack Obama said on Friday he respected Britain’s vote to leave the European Union, and that the United States’ relationship with Britain would endure. “The people of the United Kingdom have spoken, and we respect their decision,” Obama said in a statement. “The United Kingdom and the European Union will remain indispensable partners of the United States even as they begin negotiating their ongoing relationship.” 
With the primaries indicating that Donald Trump is coming closer and closer to securing the Republican nomination for president, the reality of a Trump presidency is actually starting to sink in for many. If that reality terrifies you, you re likely in the majority. If you welcome the idea, what the f*ck is wrong with you?Trump is as racist as he is narcissistic, and he s pretty damn into himself. All the proof you need is at any rally where he makes his talking points about himself, and spends no time actually speaking in-depth on any policy positions. It s always about how much people love him and how  great  he is, or how  great  he ll be for the nation. Just count how many times he says  I,   me,  or  my.  Although, you ll likely lose count after around 1,000.Speaking on behalf of all sane and logical-minded individuals worldwide is none other than the brilliant comedian Patton Oswalt. He took to Twitter on  National Poetry Day  with the quintessential poem most would like to read to Trump.Oswalt perfectly tweets: via Twitter Is it crude? Yes, it sure is. As is Trump if you weren t already paying attention. In fact, Trump isn t only crude; he is vile in his contempt for the  other.  He s scapegoats all the nation s, or for that matter, the world s problems on anyone but those who are just like him. It s always someone else s fault, and he gets his band of merry morons to fall in line and believe him. It s pathetic, it s sad, and kinda scary.So, kudos to Oswalt for telling it like it is.And with the best response that is indicative of how we all likely feel:@pattonoswalt pic.twitter.com/CRLes5OSPp  Alexandra Cruz (@SweetTale4u) March 22, 2016Brava!Featured image via YouTube
Shawn Helton 21st Century WireThe cozy relationship between Goldman Sachs and the Clintons has reached dizzying new heights in recent years, giving the Democratic Party nominee Hillary Clinton an immensely influential partner on Wall Street.As the public and most of the mainstream media is still processing the political bombshell concerning the newly reopened FBI probe into the Hillary Clinton s email server case   the global investment banking firm Goldman Sachs quietly endorsed the Democratic presidential candidate this past week.The financial ties that bind the Clintons and Wall Street banks like Goldman Sachs are nothing new, but never before have the connections been so exposed. Let s take a trip down collusion lane to review some of the more questionable examples of their political and financial merger formed long ago   MONEY CHANGERS    Wall Street s Goldman Sachs are inextricably linked to the Clinton s and The Clinton Foundation. (Photo illustration 21WIRE)The Clintons & Goldman Sachs While campaigning for his first term in the White House, former president Bill Clinton received an enormous amount of support from Washington insider lobbyists and investment banking firms on Wall Street.At the top of the pile sat Goldman Sachs In 1992, the LA Times reported that presidential nominee Bill Clinton, received the largest share of his financial support at least $2.6 million from lawyers and lobbyists,  and that Clinton also received additional support from big securities firms such as Goldman, Sachs & Co. in New York and Stephens Inc. in his hometown of Little Rock, Ark. In fact, Goldman Sachs employees and their family members were responsible for the biggest contributions from a single firm: $98,700. For decades the Clintons have remained close allies to the banking behemoth Goldman Sachs and in the process, a mutually beneficial relationship has taken hold, something that even the NY Times admits: Over 20-plus years, Goldman provided the Clintons with some of their most influential advisers, millions of dollars in campaign contributions and speaking fees, and financial support for the family foundation s charitable programs. By now, there should be little doubt that the Clinton political machine is a wholly owned subsidiary of the Wall Street banking cartel. Their relationship was built over three decades.The real watershed moment came here  BLANK CHECK: Bill Clinton laughs with Wall Street elites after signing the Financial Services Modernization Act in 1999. Key to the Kingdom In one of the most significant financial rulings in the modern era, the Clinton presidency gave big banks like Goldman Sachs the skeleton key to the kingdom by deregulating the investment banking system almost entirely.The Clinton/Goldman Sachs/Wall Street partnership was fully forged after the removal of the Glass-Steagall Act, which banking luminaries cynically named the  Financial Services Modernization Act of 1999  officially titled the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act.  The original Glass-Steagall was a depression-age four-part provision under the Bank Act of 1933 that strictly prohibited securities activities that could be harmful to investors   the same sort of rogue speculating and paper fiat fraud which triggered the Great Depression (1929-1941). In fact, the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act which repealed Glass-Steagall, opened the door for the  shadow banking  realm outside of regulatory oversight which led to a much higher trading risk, as banks became more interlinked.Simply put: Clinton s repeal of Glass-Steagell removed the firewall between speculative investment banking and regular high street retail and consumer banking   which exposed everyone to toxic, subprime ponzi schemes and fake paper products being pushed around the globe by the banking elite   which ultimately caused the global economy to crash in 2008. All that can be laid at the feet of one William Jefferson Clinton. And Hillary still claims that,  My husband did so well with the economy.  Really?In a cross-posted article featured at Huffington Post, Nomi Prins underscored the complicit nature of Wall Street and Washington after the removal of tighter bank regulations under the Clinton administration during the 1990 s: To grasp the dangers that the Big Six banks (JPMorgan Chase, Citigroup, Bank of America, Wells Fargo, Goldman Sachs, and Morgan Stanley) presently pose to the financial stability of our nation and the world, you need to understand their history in Washington, starting with the Clinton years of the 1990s. Alliances established then (not exclusively with Democrats, since bankers are bipartisan by nature) enabled these firms to become as politically powerful as they are today and to exert that power over an unprecedented amount of capital. Rest assured of one thing: their past and present CEOs will prove as critical in backing a Hillary Clinton presidency as they were in enabling her husband s years in office. Prins herself was a former managing director at Goldman Sachs, senior managing director at Bear Stearns, as well as having worked as a senior strategist at the now defunct investment banking firm Lehman Brothers. Following the financial crash in 2007-2008, Prins blew the whistle on the banking world in a book entitled  It Takes a Pillage: Behind the Bonuses, Bailouts, and Backroom Deals from Washington to Wall Street.  Prins has become an advocate for the reinstatement of the Glass-Steagall Act since departing from the investment banking world.The media outlet Common Dreams described the merger between Citicorp and Travelers Group (becoming Citigroup), which was dubbed the  Citi-Travelers Act  on Capitol Hill. It was a conglomeration that went hand in hand with the Clinton administration s influence on banking deregulation marked by the repeal of Glass-Steagall: Then, in 1998, in an act of corporate civil disobedience, Citicorp and Travelers Group announced they were merging. Such a combination of banking and insurance companies was illegal under the Bank Holding Company Act, but was excused due to a loophole that provided a two-year review period of proposed mergers. The merger was premised on the expectation that Glass-Steagall would be repealed. Citigroup s co-chairs Sandy Weill and John Reed led a swarm of industry executives and lobbyists who trammeled the halls of Congress to make sure a deal was cut. At the time, it was the largest financial merger even though it was technically illegal, as stated by the former Bankers of America CEO Kenneth Guenther. In 1999, after 12 attempts in 25 years,  Congress passed the Financial Services Modernization Act, which led to the repeal of Glass-Steagall.The repeal of Glass-Steagall was pushed heavily by Citigroup s co-CEO Sanford Weill and lobbyist Roger Levy and according to a report by The Nation: They laid out more than $290 million for lobbying in 1998, according to the Center for Responsive Politics, and donated more than $150 million in the 1997 98 election cycle a figure sure to be topped in 1999 2000. How much of those contributions made their way to the Clinton family and what kind of impact did this have after they left the White House?In 2005, Bill Clinton was paid over half a million for speaking at three private Goldman events.In 2013, after stepping down from her position as Secretary of State, Hillary Clinton gave a total of three paid speeches at Goldman Sachs events to the tune of $675,000 dollars, in which one attendee said she sounded more like a Goldman Sachs managing director,  according to a quote obtained by Politico. Indeed, Clinton gave a glowing speech to the Goldman gang and in the process, as Wikileaks released in early October, the Democratic nominee believes in  both a public and a private position  on Wall Street reform and that it is an  oversimplification  to suggest that investment banking led to the most recent financial crisis.That Clinton leak provided another window into the much protected alliance between finance and politics, but it s only the tip of a much larger iceberg.In 2015, the Washington Post reported that  Hillary Rodham Clinton and former president Bill Clinton earned in excess of $25 million for delivering 104 speeches since the beginning of 2014, a huge infusion to their net worth as she was readying for a presidential bid.   ANOINTED : Chelsea Clinton with Goldman Sachs-backed hedge funder Marc Mezvinsky.The Clinton family is chock-full of banking connections, as Chelsea Clinton  joined the Avenue Capital Group, which according to reports is a $12 billion hedge fund whose founder has contributed to many Democratic Party campaigns.  Chelsea is married to Marc Mezvinsky, a former investment banker for Goldman Sachs. Chelsea s tenure at Avenue Capital Group was from 2006-2008 just prior to Hillary Clinton s run for president in 2008. Since then Chelsea has risen to vice chairman inside the Clinton Foundation.Marc Mezvinsky was forced to close one of his hedge funds recently, Eaglevale Hellenic Opportunity, after had the fund lost most of its initial investor funds of $25 million   after blowing the money on secondhand junk Greek bank stocks and toxic government debt.The apple doesn t fall far from the tree  As it turns out, Marc is the son of troubled former Congressman Ed Mezvinsky   another close friend of Team Clinton.Politico reports on one of Ed Mezvinsky s financial controversies in 1999:  In the waning days of Clinton s presidency, federal prosecutors and the FBI were bearing down on former Rep. Ed Mezvinsky (D-Iowa), who had fallen for a series of Ponzi schemes and pulled in nearly $10 million money from other investors to cover his losses. Continuing, Politico outlined new information concerning a pardon request sent by from Ed Mezvinsky s wife to then President Bill Clinton: records released last week by the Clinton Presidential Library in Little Rock and obtained by POLITICO show Mezvinsky and his then-wife   ex-Rep. Marjorie Margolies-Mezvinsky (D-Pa.)   pleaded with the former president for a presidential pardon to head off the looming federal case. In 2016, the Daily Mail reported the following: Chelsea Clinton s husband and his partners have suffered a huge loss after trying to bet on the revival of the Greek economy, and are now being forced to shut down one of their hedge funds.Marc Mezvinsky, 38, and his partners, former Goldman Sachs colleagues Bennett Grau and Mark Mallon, raised $25million from investors to buy up bank stocks and debt from the struggling nation.That fund however has lost 90 percent of its value, investors with direct knowledge of the situation told The New York Times, and will now be closed.   THE INSIDERS    A ground-breaking ceremony at Goldman Sachs headquarters in Manhattan in 2005. Hillary Clinton is joined by Michael Bloomberg, Lloyd Blankfein (current Goldman Sachs CEO), Former Goldman Sachs CEO Henry Paulson. (Image Source: ilovemyfreedom)The NY Times further outlined the long-held Clinton/Goldman connection just two years before the 2007-2008 financial crisis: The Clintons  relationships with Wall Street deepened in the 2000s, when Mr. Clinton set up his foundation in Harlem and Mrs. Clinton was elected to the Senate from New York. That brought her in close touch with the big Wall Street firms, a source of jobs and tax revenue for New York   and a leading source of campaign funds for Mrs. Clinton. During her years in Congress, employees of Goldman donated in excess of $234,000 to Mrs. Clinton, more than those of any other company except Citigroup, accordingto the Center for Responsive Politics.Along with other New York politicians, Mrs. Clinton worked to obtain federal tax breaks to resuscitate Lower Manhattan after the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks, and those breaks helped Goldman build its new, roughly $2 billion headquarters. When it broke ground in 2005, Mrs. Clinton and other New York officials were on-site. HOW TO MONETIZE INFLUENCE    Lloyd Blankfein at a Clinton Global Initiative event with Hillary Clinton. (Image Source: sputniknews)The Wall Street RacketTo understand who powers the Clinton Foundation s billion dollar RICO influence-peddling slush fund, you need to understand how money is laundered between Wall Street and Washington DC.Goldman Sachs, JPMorgan Chase, Morgan Stanley, Bank of America and Citigroup and many others were all ordered to pay millions for misleading investors after the 2008 crash, then in April of 2016, Goldman was ordered to settle a federal and state probe for $5 Billion dollars. CNBC reported the following: Goldman Sachs will pay $5 billion to settle federal and state probes into the bank s sale of mortgage-backed securities before the financial crisis, the Justice Department announced Monday.Authorities said Goldman misrepresented the quality of loans it securitized and then sold to investors ahead of the housing bubble and 2008 crisis. The settlement includes a $2.4 billion civil penalty, $1.8 billion in relief payouts to underwater homeowners and affected borrowers and $875 million to resolve various other claims.This resolution holds Goldman Sachs accountable for its serious misconduct in falsely assuring investors that securities it sold were backed by sound mortgages, when it knew that they were full of mortgages that were likely to fail,  acting Associate Attorney General Stuart Delery said in a statement. In 2013, a Bloomberg article questioned how Goldman managed to survive and even thrive during the 2007-2008 economic crisis: Whether Goldman could have gone the way of Lehman Brothers or Merrill Lynch remains the subject of much debate. Goldman maintains that it did not need, or want, the $10 billion bailout that Hank Paulson [ former Goldman alum] pushed on it and other firms in October 2008. But the fact remains that when the Federal Reserve allowed Goldman and Morgan Stanley but not Lehman Brothers to become bank holding companies on Sept. 21, 2008, Goldman was able, three days later, to raise $10 billion in equity, $5 billion from the public and another $5 billion from investor Warren Buffett. That would probably not have happened without the Fed s expedited decision and support. (A week later, Morgan Stanley saved itself from bankruptcy when it negotiated a $9 billion equity investment from Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group.) All told the Clinton friendly investment giant Goldman Sachs (after making record profits) became the fifth mega-bank ordered to pay billions to the Department of Justice after the financial crash of 2007-2008. In addition, the firm was ordered to pay $3 billion to the Federal Housing Finance Agency in 2014   not including pending private lawsuits levied on the firm since the Great Recession.In a New York Review article Goldman Sachs was already under investigation for committing fraud at least a year before the economic crash in 2007-2008: Data gathered mostly from the Corporate Research Project, a public interest website, show that on thirteen occasions between 2009 and 2016, Goldman was penalized by US courts or government agencies for fraudulent or deceptive practices that were committed mostly between 2006 and 2009.   CASHING OUT    Bill Clinton with his top economic strategist Robert Rubin. (Image Source: St. Louis Post-Dispatch)Wall Street Selects  Team Clinton The Clinton connection to Goldman Sachs emerged in the early 1990 s as Robert Rubin, a former senior partner with Goldman (with a 26-year tenure with the firm), joined former President Clinton s economic policy team, later becoming Secretary of the Treasury in 1995. Around that time, the Clinton presidency ushered in soaring tax hikes under the  Rubinomics  banner (aka Clintonomics), the plan raised taxes on most Americans, specifically the middle class, in what was said to be the largest increase in American history at the time.According to Congressional record (Vol.146 part 2),  In 1995, the economy grew at a sickly 1.5%   Clinton s vetoes of spending cuts [insured] continued deficits well into the 21st Century. In a Multinational Monitor report entitled  Wall Street s Best Investment: Ten Deregulatory Steps to Financial Meltdown, by Robert Weissman and James Donahue, a clearer picture of the financial collusion spawned in the 1990 s under the Clinton administration was revealed: During the Clinton Administration, Treasury Secretary Robert Rubin, who had run Goldman Sachs, enthusiastically promoted the legislation. In a 1995 testimony before the House Banking Committee, for example, Rubin argued that  the banking industry is fundamentally different from what it was two decades ago, let alone in 1933.   U.S. banks generally engage in a broader range of securities activities abroad than is permitted domestically. Even domestically, the separation of investment banking and commercial banking envisioned by Glass-Steagall has eroded significantly. With a pedigree that included Goldman Sachs, the Council on Foreign Relations (CFR), The Brookings Institution and the Bilderberg Group, Robert Rubin emerged in 1999 as the vice chairman at Citigroup (1999-2009) after overseeing its merger as well as helping to craft the repeal of Glass-Steagall while serving as Secretary of Treasury. Rubin made a fortune with Citigroup causing sharp criticism in media and from those within the financial sector following the 2007-2008 crash. Here s a passage from Bloomberg regarding Rubin in the aftermath of the banking collapse: When it collapsed, due in part to bank-friendly policies that Rubin advocated, he made more than $100 million while others lost everything.  You have to view people in a fair light,  says Phil Angelides, co-chair of the Financial Crisis Inquiry Commission, who credits Rubin for much of the Clinton-era prosperity.  But on the other side of the ledger are key acts, such as the deregulation of derivatives, or stopping the Commodities Futures Trading Commission from regulating derivatives, that in the end weakened our financial system and exposed us to the risk of financial disaster.   SWORN    FBI director James Comey sworn in by former DOJ head Eric Holder. (Image Source: thewhitehousespin)Under the MicroscopeOver the summer 21WIRE observed some curious connections between the Clinton Foundation and FBI director James Comey, as well as his questionable handling of other cases related to the Clinton family. Here s the following passage to consider in light of the new information related to the Clinton investigation: Many will also be unaware that before Comey was installed by the Obama Administration as FBI Director, he was on the board of Director at HSBC Bank   a bank implicated in international money laundering, including the laundering of billions on behalf of international drugs and narcotics trafficking cartels.Forbes also points out where Comey was also at the key choke-point during the case involving dodgy auditor KPMG which followed on by the HSBC criminal case: If Comey, and his boss Attorney General Alberto Gonzalez, had made a different decision about KPMG back in 2005, KPMG would not have been around to miss all the illegal acts HSBC and Standard Chartered SCBFF +% were committing on its watch. Bloomberg reported in 2007 that back in June of 2005, Comey was the man thrust into the position of deciding whether KPMG would live or die for its criminal tax shelter violations. In 2015, the Guardian discussed the financial relationship between HSBC and the Clinton Foundation receiving a startling $81 million in donations from clients of the large bank: The charitable foundation run by Hillary Clinton and her family has received as much as $81m from wealthy international donors who were clients of HSBC s controversial Swiss bank.Leaked files from HSBC s Swiss banking division reveal the identities of seven donors to the Bill, Hillary and Chelsea Clinton Foundation with accounts in Geneva. A new update on the FBI investigation into the Clinton Foundation was announced over the last 24 hours, in addition the recently reopened Clinton email probe from last week. It remains to be seen how in-depth this new investigation will be.To call it collusion would be an understatement. When looking back at the financial affairs of the Clintons, Goldman Sachs and others on Wall Street   it s clearer than ever that what we are looking at is a criminal syndicate.READ MORE ELECTION NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire 2016 FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE   SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV
BEIJING (Reuters) - China s domestically developed AG600, the world s largest amphibious aircraft, performed its maiden flight on Sunday from an airport on the shores of the South China Sea, the latest step in a military modernization program. China has stepped up research on advanced military equipment as it adopts a more muscular approach to territorial disputes in places such as the disputed South China Sea, rattling nerves in the Asia-Pacific region and the United States. State television showed live images of the AG600 lifting off from Zhuhai airport in the southern province of Guangdong, which sits on the South China Sea coast. It returned about an hour later and taxied to its stand accompanied by martial music and greeted by crowds waving Chinese flags. Xinhua news agency said the aircraft was the  protector spirit of the sea, islands and reefs . It had previously been scheduled to make its first flight earlier this year but it is unclear why it was delayed after ground tests took place in April. State-owned Aviation Industry Corp of China (AVIC) [SASADY.UL] has spent almost eight years developing the aircraft, which is roughly the size of a Boeing Co (BA.N) 737 and is designed to carry out marine rescues and battle forest fires. However, state media has also noted its potential use in the South China Sea, where China, Vietnam, Malaysia, the Philippines, Taiwan and Brunei all have overlapping claims. The AG600 s chief designer, Huang Lingcai, was quoted in the official China Daily earlier this month as saying it can make round trips without refueling from the southern island province of Hainan to James Shoal, claimed by China but which is located close to Sarawak in Malaysian Borneo. Powered by four turboprop engines, the AG600 can carry 50 people during maritime search-and-rescue missions, and can scoop up 12 metric tons of water within 20 seconds for fire fighting trips, according to state media. The aircraft has received 17 orders so far from Chinese government departments and Chinese companies. It has a maximum flight range of 4,500 km (2,800 miles) and a maximum take-off weight of 53.5 tonnes. It can use conventional airports and also land and take-off from the sea. China is in the midst of a massive military modernization program, ranging from testing anti-satellite missiles to building stealth fighters and the country s first indigenous aircraft carrier, to add to an existing one bought from Ukraine. 
A man who shot and killed his own daughter as she came home from her first day of middle school has told authorities that she startled him, so he shot her. He then tried to get rid of his gun after taking her to a hospital, where she later died from her wounds.Timothy Batts originally told police that his daughter, Timea, came in and woke him up, saying she d been shot after getting off the school bus. After police found evidence that he d fired his gun inside his house, he admitted his lies to the police. He told them that he was his daughter s killer after a noise she made woke him up, and her yell startled him.In other words, he thought she was an intruder, and fired his gun before making sure he knew who was in his house. While there s every possibility that he thought it was someone coming after him, this kind of thing is a growing problem as we increasingly refuse to respect the danger that guns are.Worse, he s a convicted felon. Felons aren t supposed to be able to have guns, and yet, he had one. It s not clear how he came to own a gun, despite having previous convictions of felony drug possession and attempted criminal homicide, and yet, he had one. Why?His daughter s death was a mystery in the town of Hendersonville, Tenn., where people were shocked to learn of Timea s death   nobody could figure out what an 11-year old could possibly have done to get herself shot in the few feet there were between the bus stop and her house. Police were confused as to why there were so few clues other than her father s account of what happened.Later that evening, though, the case took a turn when police investigated Batts  house and found that Batts had fired his gun. He s now facing charges of reckless homicide, tampering with evidence, false reporting and felon in possession of a firearm. He s currently being held on a $1 million bond, and his cousin has actually started a Gofundme account in order to raise money for his bail.He could have obtained his gun legally or illegally, but the fact remains that his daughter would still be alive if he hadn t shot first and thought later.Featured image via screen capture
HARARE (Reuters) - Lawmakers from Zimbabwe s main opposition party MDC will hold a meeting on Tuesday to decide whether to join their ruling party rivals to impeach 93-year-old President Robert Mugabe, the minority chief whip said. Although Mugabe s ZANU-PF has the required two-thirds  membership to remove Mugabe, participation by the opposition could give a boost to a process that was started by the military s intervention last week. 
You almost have to feel sorry for Whoopi Goldberg. Her emotional arguments are no match for the very smart conservative Brian Kilmeade, who prefers to use facts and rely on actual history to support his positions.On the 16th anniversary of 9/11, Fox News  Brian Kilmeade asked Interior Secretary Ryan Zinke about the future of the 9/11 Memorial given the current climate of removing memorials that negatively affect some snowflake s politically correct sentimentalities. Do you worry 100 years from now that someone s going to try and take that memorial down like they re trying to remake our memorials today?  Kilmeade asked. I m one that believes we should learn from history,  Zinke responded,  and I think our monuments are part of our country s history. We can learn from it. And since we don t put up statues of Jesus, everyone s going to fall morally short, and I think reflecting on our history, both good and bad, is a powerful statement and part of our DNA. The next day on The View, co-host Whoopi Goldberg had a few choice words for Kilmeade Victims, 9/11. Perpetrators, Confederacy. You understand the difference?  Goldberg said, referring to the Fox News host.  When you see something that is put together to intimidate  and that is celebrating a group of people who decided that they wanted to fight for their right to own slaves. I think it s kind of you can t it s beyond apples and oranges. Get a book, read a book, crack a book, read something. But Kilmeade wasn t about to take any of it lying down. Firing back on his radio show, The Brian Kilmeade Show, that afternoon, the Fox News host said he couldn t  wait to clarify something that they skewed. They are now putting a definer on the Jefferson Memorial in Washington DC. They are now defiling the Lincoln Memorial in Washington DC. They are chopping off heads of Columbus who I don t think fought in the Civil War but I gotta crack a book according to Whoopi Goldberg,  Kilmeade said. To put your values on people that lived 200 years ago, I think it shows the arrogance of our generation,  Kilmeade responded. What about all those people who thought it was perfectly okay for women not to vote?  Kilmeade asked.  What about all those people  that thought it was perfectly okay for blacks to go to the back of the bus? Are they all horrible people? They re brought up in a time where for some reason that was considered the norm. But as a society, we kept getting better. We always keep improving. But you can t say that Thomas Jefferson and Andrew Jackson are bad because you don t agree with everything that they did.   BizPacReviewWatch Kilmeade s epic response below, via Fox News Radio:
New York City begs to differ Of course, this is just another way of Obama saying,  Screw Trump and screw America, we re building Muslim communities in your hometowns and communities with or without your permission. In an official statement on the eve of Ramadan, an Islamic holy month, Barack Obama said the United States would continue to welcome Muslim refugees despite  voices that seek to divide us. I stand firmly with Muslim American communities in rejection of the voices that seek to divide us or limit our religious freedoms or civil rights,  he said in the statement.  I stand committed to safeguarding the civil rights of all Americans no matter their religion or appearance. Obama s speech regarding Ramadan, the monthlong holiday observed by Muslims through fasting during daylight hours, did not mention Donald Trump by name, but clearly seemed to be directed towards the Republican nominee. Here in the United States, we are blessed with Muslim communities as diverse as our nation itself. There are those whose heritage can be traced back to the very beginning of our nation, as well as those who have only just arrived,  he said. Via: Townhall 
There has to something more to this story than what we re being told. If there isn t more to this story, then Atlanta Airport officials and Georgia Power are going to have some explaining to do A complete power outage at the nation s busiest airport, the Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport, grounded flights Sunday afternoon, threatening to cause a holiday travel nightmare for fliers across the country just over a week before Christmas.Thousands of passengers were stranded and flights were grounded or delayed as a power outage crippled Atlanta's Hartsfield-Jackson Airport   the world's busiest airport pic.twitter.com/WpWQLGu5GD  EAGLE WINGS (@NIVIsa4031) December 17, 2017Georgia Power said that repairs are  well underway  at the airport and power is expected to be restored around midnight on Sunday, and the airport tweeted that  Power on Concourse F is back ON! Washington Examiner s Byron York tweeted only two hours ago, that  no one seems to know why  the power outage happened.The Atlanta airport story is huge. By far the nation's largest airport, it just goes dark, operations shut down. Thousands stranded, in very difficult situations. And nobody seems to know why.  Byron York (@ByronYork) December 17, 2017 We are working with great urgency w/ @Georgia Power to restore power through rest of airport,  the tweet read.According to FlightAware.com, 1,161 flights have been canceled at Hartsfield-Jackson as of 8:20 p.m. ET.Delta passengers were not happy with how things were being handled, especially the passengers who were stuck on the tarmac for several hours, unable to disembark from the planes:Oh. My. God. Just left ATL airport last night at midnight after 15 hours of travel. If I had been stuck against my will in my plane on tarmac..Gives me anxiety just thinking about it. That s A LOT of ppl in tight space.  SidNey (@OhGoSquid) December 18, 2017Fox News reported on the outage:Power outage at Atlanta airport causes 'pandemonium,' grounds flights https://t.co/Och4XslbLi pic.twitter.com/VX5lnpZMFQ  Fox News (@FoxNews) December 17, 2017Georgia Power said in a statement Sunday evening that  the issue may have involved a fire which caused extensive damage in a Georgia Power underground electrical facility. The airport said power had been restored to one of its six concourses around 7:30 p.m., about seven hours after the initial outage, and Georgia Power said it expects to have power fully restored to the airport by midnight.CNBC News reporter Ethan Kraft reports that Chick-fil-A s CEO Dan Cathy will coordinate meals for thousands of stranded passengers at the airport:Atlanta Mayor Kasim Reed says he spoke with Chick-fil-A CEO Dan Cathy to coordinate meals for thousands of stranded passengers at #ATLairport, who have been in the dark since 2p ET  Ethan Kraft (@ethan_kraft) December 18, 2017Fire crews were able to extinguish the fire and had begun assessing damage and beginning repairs, but they had not yet been able to ascertain the cause of the blaze, the utility said.  FOX NewsNBC News  Airport officials said a large portion of the facility had been affected and that repair teams had been working to address the situation since around 1:30 p.m. ET.Not everyone is buying the  fire  story however. This Twitter user believes that terror threat is the cause for the evacuation:The #atlairport has been evacuated, passangers are standing outside on the tarmac, no one is allowed to leave. I think a high level #Hivite was trying to get away, or they've disrupted a major terror attack. It's not being reported by @CNN (headquarters in Atlanta) #MediaBlackOut  Sarah Ruth Ashcraft (@SaRaAshcraft) December 17, 2017Many citizens are questioning the story they are being told about a simple power outage, and wondering why, in the largest airport in the world, there isn t any back up power?https://twitter.com/tonyabonya/status/942576639887663104Officials with the Atlanta Police Department told WSB-TV the airport is evacuating travelers inside.A spokesperson told The Associated Press that no areas outside the airport were affected by the outage. However, flights at Chicago airports O Hare International and Midway both have canceled flights   but it s not yet clear if they were canceled due to Atlanta s outage. Dealing with the power outage at the Atlanta airport was actually insane and I'll post other scary videos later. But the staff was having to slide down the escalators to help people and it was amusing. Finally in the car headed home. #atlantaairport #atl #atlantaA post shared by  sarahmanleyy (@sarahmanleyy) on Dec 17, 2017 at 2:54pm PSTDelta Airlines, which is headquartered in Atlanta, said it had canceled approximately 900 mainline and Delta Connection flights. Passengers should check the status of their flights, the airline said. Pending full resumption of power, Delta anticipates a near-full schedule Monday in Atlanta, though some delays and cancellations can be expected,  the airline said on its website.The airline said it would issue a waiver to those who were traveling through Atlanta with the airline on Dec. 17 or 18. The airline also said it would give travelers a refund if they would like to cancel their trip because their flight was canceled or delayed more than 90 minutes.Those arriving for their flights were met with long lines and a pitch dark airport. No escalators, elevators or information screens were operational.Brian Moote, 36, the morning host of an Atlanta radio show, said he was returning home on a flight from Dallas when the power went out in the airport. Moote said he and his fellow passengers had been stuck in their plane on the tarmac for nearly six hours, beginning at around 12:30 p.m. ET. 
MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - The leftist front-runner for Mexico s 2018 presidential election on Thursday proposed a moderate U.S.-trained economist for finance minister, unveiling a planned cabinet made up of men and women in equal measure. Former Mexico City Mayor Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador had a 12-point lead in one recent poll. He wants to overhaul Mexico s approach to the economy, security and education, vowing more support for the poorest but without new taxes or higher debt. For the finance portfolio, Lopez Obrador tapped Carlos Manuel Urzua, an academic who served as finance minister of the Mexico City government from 2000 to 2003 when the candidate, 64, was mayor of the capital. A veteran campaigner, Lopez Obrador was runner-up in the last two presidential contests. A self-declared nationalist, he hopes Mexico will elect him next July, reversing a Latin American trend towards right-leaning governments. If he wins, it could increase friction with U.S. President Donald Trump over his anti-migrant language and policies. Lopez Obrador, or AMLO as he is often known, proposed a cabinet of eight men and eight women, including a onetime interior minister for the ruling Institutional Revolutionary Party (PRI) and a respected former supreme court judge. The naming of Urzua encouraged the view that AMLO would be a more pragmatic manager of Latin America s second biggest economy than critics have warned he would be.   We see an AMLO administration as increasingly moderate from a macroeconomic perspective and the signaling of Mr. Urzua, who is not an extremist economist by any means, corroborates this view,  Marcos Casarin, head of Latin America macro services Oxford Economics, said in emailed comments. An author, researcher and university professor, Urzua earned a PhD and Master in Economics from the University of Wisconsin and a degree in Mathematics from Mexico s Tecnologico de Monterrey. He is also a poet who writes about inequality. For interior minister, Lopez Obrador selected Olga Sanchez, a former Supreme Court justice who helped move the country s top tribunal in a more liberal direction during two decades in the job. For education, Lopez Obrador picked Esteban Moctezuma, who served as interior minister under former President Ernesto Zedillo. For energy, he named Rocio Nahle, a chemical engineer and lower house leader of his MORENA party. In the July 1 election, AMLO looks likely to face former finance minister Jose Antonio Meade for the PRI, and Ricardo Anaya at the head of a right-left opposition coalition. 
Two New Jersey mothers appeared on the Tucker Carlson show to explain why they re upset about Islamic propaganda being taught at their sons  Chatam, NJ middle schools, while prohibiting any mention of Christianity.  The Chatam community turned on the two moms immediately after they appeared on Carlson s show. Watch their appearance here:Astonishingly, seventh graders in this public school are taught:  May God help us all find the true faith, Islam. Richard Thompson, President and Chief Counsel of the Thomas More Law Center, commented:  The promotion of Islam is worse than what the mothers presented to Tucker Carlson. After viewing one of the videos which the seventh graders were directed to watch, I can t imagine any objective person saying this is not Islamic indoctrination. Clueless school administrators across our nation are allowing this type of indoctrination to take place and it s up to vigilant parents to stop it. Libby and Nancy should have been praised, not pilloried. Watch the video shown to the 7th grade students here:Libby Hilsenrath and Nancy Gayer, with sons in different classes in the seventh grade, detailed their concerns in person to the Chatham Board of Education at their February 6, 2017 public meeting. Superintendent Michael LaSusa indicated that any change to the curriculum was unlikely, and the next day also refused their request to meet privately with him to discuss their concerns.Students had been shown a subtle propaganda cartoon video, 5 Pillars, which opens with two boys, one of them a Muslim, kicking a soccer ball. The Muslim teaches the non-Muslim the 5 Pillars of Islam. Additionally, a subtitle of bright, multi-colored words of various shapes pronounces a form of the Islamic conversion creed:  There is no god except Allah and Prophet Muhammad is His messenger.  The cartoon ends with a sad non-Muslim boy, who suddenly smiles when the Muslim boy invites him to join him at the mosque for noon-day prayers. Something the teacher can t personally do, but does through the cartoon. Clever!See the 5-minute video here: Clearly, seventh graders had been presented with a sugarcoated, false depiction of Islam. They had not been informed of the kidnappings, beheadings, slave-trading, massacres, and persecution of non-Muslims, nor of the repression of women   all done in the name of Islam and the Koran.Libby Hilsenrath and Nancy Gayer were subjected to personal attacks throughout their campaign to stop Islamic indoctrination at the Chatham Middle School. They were defamed as  bigots  and  Islamophobes ,  hateful ,  ignorant ,  xenophobes ,  intolerant ,  racist ,  closed minded ,  sad and ignorant  in social media, and the list goes on. The attacks significantly intensified after their appearance on the Tucker Carlson Show.Commenting on the community s reaction, Nancy Gayer stated:  It s just not fair that within this unit of study the Chatham school district taught one religion to the exclusion of all others, and for the community to be so unkind and unwelcoming towards us, just for having raised legitimate questions as concerned parents. Libby Hilsenrath added,  One of my fundamental obligations as a parent is to guide the religious and secular education of my children. That s why I will continue the fight against the Islamic indoctrination now taking place at Chatham, regardless of the personal attacks. Libby Hilsenrath and Nancy Gayer asked the board to review the curriculum and requested that either the Islam lessons be removed or that the school spend equal time on the study of Christianity and other religions.Nancy Gayer contrasted the World Cultures and Geography lessons on Islam to her son s previous experience in fourth grade when he was precluded from including a short quote from the Bible,  he who lends to the poor, lends to the Lord.  (Prov 19:17) The quote was a part of his video presentation related to gathering warm clothes for underprivileged children. Nancy said that her son s teacher informed him that the brief Biblical quote  belongs in Sunday school, not in the classroom.  Obviously, based upon the World Cultures and Geography lessons being taught to children within the same school district, this abridgment of religious speech does not apply to Islam.The Thomas More Law Center (TMLC), a national public interest law firm based in Ann Arbor, Michigan, today announced that it is representing two Chatham, New Jersey mothers who are being pilloried by their community.
ANKARA (Reuters) - Turkey s nationalist opposition will seek support from the ruling AK Party to lower a 10 percent threshold to enter parliament, a party official said on Thursday, in a sign that a new rival political party could shake up Turkish politics. Former interior minister Meral Aksener broke with the Nationalist Movement Party (MHP) and formed her own Iyi Parti ( Good Party ) last month, posing a challenge to the MHP and to President Tayyip Erdogan s AK Party. Speaking to reporters in Ankara, MHP Deputy Chairman Semih Yalcin said his party, which could fall below the threshold if Iyi Parti s apparent early popularity is sustained, would push to lower the barrier.  The MHP has preparations regarding the (threshold) electoral law, and this will be discussed depending on the offers we receive (from the AK Party),  Yalcin said, a day after MHP leader Devlet Bahceli called the threshold  too harsh . Since 1982, political parties in Turkey have needed to win at least 10 percent of votes to be represented in the 550-seat parliament. The country faces presidential and parliamentary elections in 2019. A recent poll suggested that Aksener s party could overtake the main opposition secular CHP and push the MHP and pro-Kurdish opposition HDP out of parliament by forcing their share of the vote below the current threshold. It would also cut into the AK Party share of the vote. The Islamist-rooted AK Party, led by Erdogan, is a broad organization, counting among its ranks nationalists and religious conservatives.  Will they (Iyi) win 20 percent or one percent? We will see... Everyone will see how they hold up after they stand in front of the people in 2019,  Yalcin said of the Iyi Parti. The MHP won as much as 18 percent of votes in a 1999 parliamentary election but slipped below the threshold at 9.5 percent in 2002. It has exceeded 10 percent since then. Under an executive presidential system approved in an April referendum, the president will be given expanded powers. The number of MPs will be increased from 550 to 600, while the parliament s authority will be reduced. Critics argue that lowering the threshold, and the resulting change in the composition of parliament, would not have any great impact under the new presidential system. The AK Party, founded by Erdogan, has dominated Turkish politics since 2002, holding a majority in parliament for 15 years. After winning almost 50 percent of votes in the latest parliamentary elections in 2015, Erdogan and party officials said they aimed to win more than half the votes in 2019. 
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump on Friday signed a $1.2 trillion spending bill approved by Congress, averting a government shutdown that would have begun at midnight. White House spokeswoman Sarah Huckabee Sanders, speaking to reporters at a regular media briefing, confirmed the president had signed the bill. 
 (Corrects spelling of Virginia House of Delegates member David Yancey throughout in this Dec. 19 story.) By Sharon Bernstein (Reuters) - Virginia Democrat Shelly Simonds won a seat in the House of Delegates by one vote, changing the power balance in the state legislature and extending a tide of Democratic victories beginning with November’s capture of the governorship and several legislative seats. Simonds beat incumbent David Yancey in a recount held Tuesday, both parties said in statements released after the unofficial vote recount was completed by officials in Newport News. “Never, ever forget how very much your vote counts,” House of Delegates member David Toscano said on Twitter, one of many Democrats rejoicing that a single vote handed them the seat. “I want to thank the voters who came out on Nov. 7,” Simonds said in a news release. “It wouldn’t have happened without their participation.” Republican leaders in the House of Delegates welcomed Simonds and thanked Yancey for his service, but the chairman of the state party vowed to fight on. “Today, our opponents carried the day,” Republican Party of Virginia Chairman John Whitbeck said in a statement emailed to Reuters. “Tomorrow, we begin again.” Simonds’ election, which still must be affirmed by a panel of three judges, means that the 100-member House of Delegates will have an equal number of Democrats and Republicans.  That could lead to more moderate policies by forcing the parties to share power. Before the Nov. 7 general election, Republicans held 66 seats to Democrats’ 34, along with a majority in the state senate, according to the election information website Ballotpedia. The GOP still holds a slim margin in the senate. Also on Nov. 7, the state elected Democrat Ralph Northam in a bitter race for governor, dealing a setback to President Donald Trump with a decisive victory over a Republican who had adopted some of the president’s combative tactics and issues. Democrats also picked up a hotly contested Senate seat in Alabama this month, after Democrat Doug Jones narrowly defeated Republican Roy Moore in a special election to replace former Senator Jeff Sessions, now President Trump’s Attorney General. Democratic Party activists hope their candidates can ride to victories in the 2018 Congressional elections on a wave of voter disenchantment with Trump and his Republicans.  Four legislative races, including the Simonds-Yancey battle in the 94th District, were slated for recounts. Going into the 94th District recount, Yancey was ahead by just 10 votes. On Tuesday, that changed, and Simonds clinched with a margin of one. 
NEW YORK (Reuters) - Former President Bill Clinton on Thursday faced down protesters angry at the impact his 1994 crime reforms have had on black Americans and defended the record of his wife, Hillary Clinton, who is relying on the support of black voters in her quest for the presidency. The former president spent more than 10 minutes confronting the protesters at a campaign rally in Philadelphia for his wife over criticisms that the crime bill he approved while president led to a surge in the imprisonment of black people.  The Democratic race for the Nov. 8 election has become increasingly heated as Hillary Clinton, stung by a string of losses in state contests, has traded barbs with her rival for the party’s nomination, U.S. Senator Bernie Sanders, over who is better prepared for the White House.  In Philadelphia, several protesters heckled the former president mid-speech and held up signs, including one that read: “CLINTON Crime Bill Destroyed Our Communities.” Video footage of Hillary Clinton defending the reforms in 1994 has been widely circulated during the campaign by activists in the Black Lives Matter protest movement. In the footage, she calls young people in gangs “super-predators” who need to “be brought to heel.” Hillary Clinton, 68, who also has faced protesters upset by her remarks, said in February she regretted her language. Bill Clinton, 69, who was president from 1993 to 2001, defended her 1994 remarks, which protesters say were racially insensitive, and suggested the protesters’ anger was misplaced.  “I don’t know how you would characterize the gang leaders who got 13-year-old kids hopped on crack and sent them out on the street to murder other African-American children,” he said, shaking his finger at a heckler as Clinton supporters cheered, according to video of the event. “Maybe you thought they were good citizens. She (Hillary Clinton) didn’t.”  “You are defending the people who kill the lives you say matter,” he told a protester. “Tell the truth.” Hillary Clinton promised to end “mass incarceration” in the first major speech of her campaign last year. She has won the support of the majority of black voters in every state nominating contest so far, often by a landslide. Spokesmen for the campaign and Bill Clinton did not immediately respond on Thursday to a request for comment. The United States has more people in prison than any other country. According to the Bureau of Justice Statistics, 1.05 million prisoners were held in federal or state facilities in 1994. By 2014, it was 1.56 million. That year, 6 percent of all black men in their 30s were in prison, a rate six times higher than that of white men of the same age. Bill Clinton said last year that he regretted signing the Violent Crime Control and Law Enforcement Act into law because it contributed to the high incarceration rate of black people for nonviolent crimes. On Thursday, he did not explicitly recant those regrets, but appeared to be angry at any suggestion the bill was wholly bad. The legislation imposed tougher sentences, put thousands more police on the streets and helped fund the building of extra prisons. It was known for its federal “three strikes” provision that sent violent offenders to prison for life. The bill was backed by congressional Republicans and hailed at the time as a success for Clinton. Although Clinton is popular among Democrats who view him as a gifted orator and crowd pleaser, he has in the past veered from the carefully calibrated message put out by his wife’s campaign, causing problems for her representatives. During Hillary Clinton’s failed 2008 presidential bid, civil rights leaders and high-ranking Democrats in Congress criticized the former president for statements he made during a heated campaign against then-U.S. Senator Barack Obama. Bill Clinton said Obama’s campaign had “played the race card.” Obama became the first U.S. black president in November that year. Bill Clinton’s remarks on Thursday drew criticism online. Some saw him as dismissive of the Black Lives Matter movement, a national outgrowth of anger over a string of encounters in which police officers killed unarmed black people. Johnetta Elzie, a civil rights activist, wrote online that Clinton “can’t handle being confronted by his own record.” “This is like watching a robot malfunction,” she wrote. Earlier in Philadelphia, Sanders, a U.S. senator from Vermont, assailed Clinton as unqualified to be president as the two campaigns became increasingly testy less than two weeks before New York’s nominating contest. “Are you qualified to be president of the United States when you’re raising millions of dollars from Wall Street, an entity whose greed, recklessness and illegal behavior helped destroy our economy?” Sanders said at a news conference. Clinton this week sharply questioned Sanders’ credentials and ability to carry out a campaign pledge to break up the big banks. Spokesmen for Clinton noted she never said the word “unqualified” when she questioned his preparedness for the presidency, but they declined to say whether she believed in that characterization. Clinton aimed for a more magnanimous tone than her aides when speaking to reporters during a subway ride in New York City. “I don’t know why he’s saying that,” she said of Sanders calling her unqualified. “But I will take Bernie Sanders over Ted Cruz or Donald Trump any time,” she said of the two leading candidates for the Republican presidential nomination. Sanders returned the sentiment in an interview with the “CBS Evening News” later on Thursday. “I think the idea of a Donald Trump or a Ted Cruz presidency would be an unmitigated disaster for this country. I will do everything in my power and work as hard as I can to make sure that that does not happen, and if Secretary Clinton is the nominee, I will certainly support her,” he said.  
PRAGUE (Reuters) - Czechs voted on Friday in an election expected to hand power to businessman Andrej Babis who has won popular support by pledging to sweep aside traditional parties, boost investment and keep out refugees, but faces a criminal probe for suspected fraud. The central European country has enjoyed rapid economic growth, a balanced budget and the lowest unemployment in the European Union, but opinion polls nevertheless show strong voter support for Babis's ANO movement and other protest parties. (Graphic: Czech legislative election - tmsnrt.rs/2vO4hPW) Founded and tightly controlled by the 63-year-old billionaire, ANO - which means  yes  in Czech - has won support from both right and left with promises to cut taxes, turf out corrupt politicians and bring business-style efficiency to government.  We want to form a government and show people that government can work differently to what they are used to. We would be (more) in touch with them,  Babis said after voting in the Prague suburb where he lives. Babis s support has weathered investigation into tax strategies at his empire of food, chemicals, farming and media   worth an estimated $4 billion   that he owned until moving it to a trust fund this year.  He has also been charged by police with fraud on suspicion that he hid ownership of a farm and a conference center so it could receive a 2 million euro subsidy in 2008. He denies any wrongdoing. ANO has maintained its rhetoric of opposition to the ruling system despite serving as a junior partner in the outgoing government along with Prime Minister Bohuslav Sobotka s center-left Social Democrats and the centrist Christian Democrats. Final surveys before a polling blackout began on Tuesday gave ANO about 25-27 percent support, at least twice that of the Social Democrats.    Previous governments kept saying what needs to be changed but did nothing,  said Jarmila, a 66-year old former teacher in Prague who refused to give her last name.  He is rational and can explain things.   Czech elections are spread over two days. Voting began on Friday at 2 p.m. (1200 GMT) and will end at 2 p.m. on Saturday.   Although immigration to the Czech Republic is virtually non-existent, fear of it has played a big part in the election campaign, with most parties pledging to fight any attempts by the European Union to force the Czechs to accept refugees distributed across the bloc. The anti-immigrant mood mirrors similar trends in neighbouring countries. Parties opposed to immigration did well in Germany s election in September and in Austria s last week, and have fed scepticism toward the EU across the 28-nation bloc. Babis s swipes at Brussels have raised concern that he might lead the country into a more confrontational relationship with the EU, emulating the right-wing governments in Poland and Hungary. Babis opposes more EU integration and euro adoption, but has also spoken of the benefits of EU membership and says the Czech Republic should play a bigger role in reforming the bloc.  Analysts say the election may lead to a similar coalition to the outgoing government but led by ANO, which would mean no big change in a foreign policy. A deal with ANO s current partners, or with center-right parties, may run up against their demands that Babis personally stays out of the cabinet because of the police charges. A number of voters in Prague expressed distrust of Babis, who has been fighting allegations he had cooperated with communist-era secret police.  For me this election is about our stance on the European Union, refugees and is mainly (a chance to vote) against Mr. Babis,  said Gabriela Kijova, 23, after voting for the small Pirate Party in central Prague. President Milos Zeman said on Friday he would ask the leader of the biggest party to lead talks on a new government. He said he would allow a month for negotiations before he calls a session of the new parliament, which is the trigger for the departure of the outgoing administration.  There is an outside chance that Babis may form a minority government supported by the Communists and the far-right, anti-EU Freedom and Direct Democracy Party (SPD), which saw its support jump in the final opinion polls. Such a tie-up would be negative for investors and pose questions over policies toward the EU.  
What s happening within the Donald Trump campaign is absolutely disgraceful. The Republican front-runner has been openly condoning violence at his rallies, going so far as to say he would even pay the legal fees of those going after protesters.Then there s the issue of Trump s utter racism which is obvious and abhorrent. He s consistently going after minority groups, blaming them for all the nation s problems, and somehow Trump and his overwhelmingly white group of supporters are apparently the ones who are being oppressed. This is literally reminiscent of another fascist ideologue from Europe in the 1930s and 40s.And of course, Trump s son, Donald Trump Jr., is defending his father the whole way   and completely cementing the fact that they believe the aggression is against them and not the other way around. However, the brilliant and talented John Legend took a moment to step in and school them on what is actually going on..@DonaldJTrumpJr I think they were protesting your racist father. This isn't complicated.  John Legend (@johnlegend) March 12, 2016But of course, some jackass decides to just blindly call Legend uneducated because he had the audacity to disagree with Trump and Trump Junior, so the Grammy Award winner tweets out a very interesting and funny fact..@DanielT03571138 @DonaldJTrumpJr the Donalds and I graduated from the same University, funny enough.  John Legend (@johnlegend) March 12, 2016Legend then drives the point home, after what can only be assumed hundreds of tweet replies telling him that he is really the racist, by posting an article about how Donald Trump turned away people of color. Thus exposing who the true racist is. Yes, Trump trolls. I'm the real racist. https://t.co/xzgMsEPeh4  John Legend (@johnlegend) March 12, 2016Racism is alive and well in America, in particular among those supporting Donald Trump. And this racism isn t new, it hasn t been brought about by anyone, it never went away, but rather into hiding. However, with people like Donald Trump openly spewing his racist rhetoric at any chance he can get, it opened the floodgates for racists everywhere to feel that behavior is now somehow acceptable.But guess what? We are in the year 2016, and racism will be called out. This isn t an infringement on any constitutional right. In fact, it is the right of the protesters to openly dissent and condemn racism where it stands.Featured image via Instagram/Instagram/Twitter
The city of Creston, in the heart of Iowa, sits nestled between State Route 25 and U.S. Highway 34, only a mile from the eastern bank of Summit Lake. The seat of Union County offers two additional lakes to fish in, the glorious Green Valley State Park, and a high school football team full of terrifyingly virulent racists.At least, Creston had that last one until Thursday. Scheduled to play the Clarinda Cardinals Friday night, the Creston Panthers will suddenly find themselves without five of their starters after a viral photo of them wearing hoods and posing with a burning cross, a rifle, and a Confederate flag, made the rounds on social media earlier this week.Clearly, the players didn t do well in history at Creston High. The location of the school in Union County is a stark reminder of which side Iowans fought for in the Civil War.The boys will probably not face legal difficulties. Being a piece of shit KKK member, or even pretending to be one, is protected under the First Amendment, and in a town of fewer than 10,000, it s not likely there s a lawyer in town who could successfully argue that anyone suffered damages as a result of their racist idiocy. Not even Kylan Smallwood, the Panthers  quarterback, who is black. Sadly, Smallwood is already all too aware of the fact that this will blow over like nothing happened once the incident is forgotten. He won t forget, though: It s a bad way to put our town on the map, but I think as a community, we just have to move past it. Deal with it, I guess. I thought these guys were my friends. Like, I ve been to some of their houses before I wanted to ask them why, why they did it, but I haven t had the chance to yet. For their part, Creston High School has said that the students have been punished in addition to their removal from the team, but has not specified what that punishment was. Coach Brian Morrison called the families of each boy personally to tell them their sons were no longer playing for the Panthers.Just another day in post-racial America.Featured image via video screen capture
Mere months after being on the receiving end of one of the most stunning losses in presidential election history, former Hillary Clinton campaign manager Robby Mook said there s a chance the former secretary of state could run again in 2020.In an appearance Monday on MSNBC, Mook was asked by host Greta Van Susteren  what are the odds  that Clinton will run for office again. I m going to let her answer for that,  Mook replied.  I think what happens right now, we ve got to get to the bottom of what happened in 2016, then we can start worrying about the next cycle. But we ve got to make sure that this cannot happen again in two years or four years to anybody else. Mook also refused to rule out a Clinton comeback in 2020 when asked Tuesday by veteran news anchor Dan Rather. I have no idea,  Mook said.  You genuinely would have to ask her.    Breitbart
BRUSSELS (Reuters) - The European Union sounded an alarm on Saturday about moves in the U.S. Congress to step up U.S. sanctions on Russia, urging Washington to keep coordinating with its G7 partners and warning of unintended consequences.  In a statement by a spokeswoman after Republicans and Democrats in the U.S. Congress reached a deal that could see new legislation pass, the European Commission warned of possibly “wide and indiscriminate” “unintended consequences”, notably on the EU’s efforts to diversify energy sources away from Russia. Germany has already warned of possible retaliation if the United States moves to sanction German firms involved with building a new Baltic pipeline for Russian gas.  EU diplomats are concerned that a German-U.S. row over the Nord Stream 2 pipeline being built by Russia’s state-owned Gazprom could complicate efforts in Brussels to forge an EU consensus on negotiating with Russia over the project. “We highly value the unity that is prevailing among international partners in our approach towards Russia’s action in Ukraine and the subsequent sanctions. This unity is the guarantee of the efficiency and credibility of our measures,” the Commission said in its statement. “We understand that the Russia/Iran sanctions bill is driven primarily by domestic considerations,” it went on, referring to a bill passed in the U.S. Senate last month and to which lawmakers said on Saturday they had unblocked further obstacles. “As we have said repeatedly, it is important that any possible new measures are coordinated between international partners to maintain unity among partners on the sanctions that has been underpinning the efforts for full implementation of the Minsk Agreements,” the Commission said, referring to an accord struck with Moscow to try to end the conflicts in Ukraine. “We are concerned the measures discussed in the U.S. Congress could have unintended consequences, not only when it comes to Transatlantic/G7 unity, but also on EU economic and energy security interests. This impact could be potentially wide and indiscriminate, including when it comes to energy sources diversification efforts. “Sanctions are at their most effective when they are coordinated. Currently our sanctions regimes are coordinated. As a result their impact on the ground is increased and through coordination we are able to avoid surprises, manage potential impact on our own economic operators and address collectively efforts to circumvent such measures. Unilateral measures would undermine this,” the Commission said.  “We therefore call on the U.S. Congress/authorities to engage with the partners, including the EU, to ensure coordination and to avoid any unintended consequences of the measures discussed.” 
(Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump and Vietnamese President Tran Dai Quang underscored the importance of free and open access to South China Sea, in a joint statement issued on Sunday. The two leaders called for the  full and effective implementation  of the declaration on the conduct of parties in the South China Sea, and for all claimants to clarify their maritime claims. Trump and Vietnam s Quang said parties should halt escalatory action and militarisation of disputed features. 
MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russian President Vladimir Putin and U.S. President Donald Trump will discuss North Korea when they hold a telephone conversation on Tuesday, Interfax news agency cited Kremlin aide Yuri Ushakov as saying. Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov said earlier on Tuesday that the conversation would focus on Syrian President Bashar al-Assad’s visit to Russia which he made on Monday. 
It s like a bad penny the left keeps bringing back the death panel. Several of Obama s advisors have suggested that the death panel should be part of Obamacare. This is a very slippery slope JONATHAN GRUBER ON ABORTION AND DEATH PANELS: Federal health officials are wading into the politically toxic debate about six years after claims of  death panels  nearly derailed early efforts on ObamaCare.Under current rules, Medicare doctors are only reimbursed for end-of-life consultations if they take place during a patient s annual wellness visit. A change in policy has been endorsed by dozens of leading hospice groups, who say that it is important for doctors to ask patients, for example, whether they prefer to die at home or in the hospital.A provision to compensate doctors for these consultations was included in early versions of ObamaCare but had been withheld after then-Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin (R) claimed that  death panels  would deprive seniors of healthcare.The Centers for Medicare and Medicaid (CMS) tried again in 2010, but was forced to roll back its plans because of political pressure. Via: The Hill
The election of former reality television star Donald Trump has many people   Democrats and Republicans alike   upset that our country will soon be led by a complete moron with zero experience and an unpredictable temper. Now that we re facing a Trump administration, there have been many emerging theories as Americans reflect upon why Trump was able to win the vote over a much more qualified candidate, Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton.A popular suggestion for why Clinton failed to win the presidency is the idea that she didn t appeal to white working class the way that Trump did. While Trump connected to this demographic with fear mongering tactics and false promises, many feel that Clinton completely abandoned the middle class. However, President Barack Obama disagrees and weighed in on what he really things cost the Democrats the election in a revealing interview with former advisor David Axelrod.During this interview, Obama not only accurately stated that he could have easily beaten Trump if he d been able to run for a third term, but he shattered the notion that the Democrats have abandoned the working class. Obama couldn t have been more spot on when he said,  the Democratic agenda is better for all working people.  He continued: I think the issue was less that Democrats have somehow abandoned the white working class. I think that s nonsense. What Obama believed was the real issue during this election was that the Democrats weren t on the ground in rural communities. He also revealed that Clinton had faced a  double standard  that none of the other candidates were faced with.You can listen to Obama weigh in on the election below, via CNN:Obama: Democrats need to show Americans they care and are  bleeding for these communities  https://t.co/6bH8yY0qIo https://t.co/cmeuzDx0iv  CNN Politics (@CNNPolitics) December 26, 2016Featured image via Drew Angerer / Getty Images
Trump was 100% correct when he said,  Hillary doesn t have the temperament to become President. Gary Byrne, author of  Crisis Of Character  tells Sean Hannity about the unusual position Hillary put the Secret Service in by having to protect Bill from Hillary s violent behavior. He also spills the beans about the phony front Hillary puts on for the cameras.WATCH his shocking story here:
ANKARA (Reuters) - Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan said on Saturday that a major military operation was underway in the Syria s northwest province of Idlib, which Free Syrian Army rebel groups earlier said they were preparing to enter with Turkish backing.  There is a serious operation in Syria s Idlib today, and this will continue,  Erdogan told members of his AK Party in a speech.  Much of Idlib is currently controlled by an jihadist-led alliance of fighters.  We will never allow a terror corridor along our borders in Syria,  Erdogan said.  We will continue to take other initiatives after the Idlib operation.  
After Hurricane Harvey devastated Houston, Texas, then Irma barreled through the Caribbean on its way to Florida, two Senate Florida Senators are warning that the U.S. Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) will run out of disaster assistance funding on Friday unless Congress approves more money.Republicans in the House had been looking at cutting almost $1 billion from disaster accounts to help finance Donald Trump s ego-wall on the Southern Border and now that a natural disaster occurred with another expected to hit Florida, the optics would look really bad for the GOP and for the former reality show star.Trump s budget includes slashing FEMA s budget:But the response to the next Harvey could face even stricter financial constraints if President Donald Trump gets his budgetary wishes for the 2018 fiscal year, which begins October 1. The president s budget blueprint calls for FEMA s budget for state and local grants to be cut by $667 million, saying that these grants are unauthorized or ineffective.However, after Hurricane Harvey unleashed its wrath with more storms coming, Senate Republicans agreed to more than double funding to $15.25 billion to FEMA and local block grants to handle natural disasters, according to Reuters. FEMA is stretched, and, of all things, FEMA runs out of money unless we act by tomorrow,  Democrat Senator Bill Nelson said during a speech on Thursday following a letter he wrote with Florida Republican Senator Marco Rubio to congressional leaders warning that more funds were necessary.FEMA had just over $1 billion on hand as of Tuesday, and that s less than half the $2.1 billion it had last week. We re not going to let money get in the way of saving lives,  FEMA director Brock Long told CBS on Wednesday.  Congress knows what they need to do. A Senate vote is planned later on today.On Wednesday, the House voted 419-3 to pass a $7.85 billion package to help victims of Hurricane Harvey.Reps. Justin Amash (Mich.), Thomas Massie (Ky.) and Andy Biggs (Ariz.) were the only lawmakers to oppose the aid.Photo by Alex Wong/Getty Images.
Trump commented about it during the reception: Hopefully it ll start being bipartisan. Because everybody really wants the same thing: We want greatness for this country that we love Chuck Schumer was at the event with a smirk on his face Peach of a guy, huh? He was recently spotted at a swanky Upper East side restaurant yelling at patrons he said voted for Trump. He s blocking literally everything Trump is trying to do including the vote on Neil Gorsuch.President Trump said he considers Schumer a friend He might want to rethink that! Read more: Daily Mail
Despite massive boycott threats by consumers, at least 3 major sponsors of the NFL have come out in support of players disrespecting our flag and our veterans. NFL players have joined the now unemployed 49 ers QB Colin Kaepernick to take a knee on the field during our national anthem as a way to show support for the Black Lives Matter anti-cop movement. The protest exploded over the weekend when President Trump spoke out against the disrespect NFL players are showing for our flag, turning the protest into an anti-Trump protest for players who many believe are still angry that Trump won the election, defeating the seriously flawed Democrat candidate, Hillary Clinton.Ford Motor Co., Armour Inc., and Anheuser-Busch InBev SA issued statements that affirmed NFL players  rights to kneel during the pre-game national anthem, while also sounding patriotic notes and affirming their support for the flag.Ford Motor Co, one of the biggest sponsors of the NFL just revealed that they are supporting the national anthem protests. We respect individuals  rights to express their views, even if they are not ones we share,  Ford stated.  That s part of what makes America great. Ford Motor Co chairman Martha Firestone Ford took her support for the players anti-cop, Black Lives Matter and anti-President Trump protests one step further when she joined her players on the field and linked arms with her daughters. The tangled responses are the latest version of the challenges faced by corporations in a world in which the president makes public demands and denouncements of companies via Twitter. General Motors Co., Campbell Soup Co., ESPN parent Walt Disney Co. and Uber Technologies Inc. have all faced calls for boycotts related to their perceived support of   or distance from   the White House.  BloombergAmericans are not as easily fooled by the actions of these disrespectful athletes and the team owners, as they work together with the media in an attempt to weaken and discredit our President for having the audacity to stand up for America, our flag and for the honor of every brave man and woman who have sacrificed their lives for our great nation.One of the great things about America is that consumers can decide not to purchase merchandise or goods from companies who continue to advertise with the NFL. 
 It was not very high security The IT company Hilary Clinton chose to maintain her private email account was run from a loft apartment and its servers were housed in the bathroom closet, Daily Mail Online can reveal. Daily Mail Online tracked down ex-employees of Platte River Networks in Denver, Colorado, who revealed the outfit s strong links to the Democratic Party but expressed shock that the 2016 presidential candidate chose the small private company for such a sensitive job.One, Tera Dadiotis, called it  a mom and pop shop  which was an excellent place to work, but hardly seemed likely to be used to secure state secrets. And Tom Welch, who helped found the company, confirmed the servers were in a bathroom closet.It can also be disclosed that the small number of employees who were aware of the Clinton contract were told to keep it secret. The way in which Clinton came to contract a company described as a  mom and pop  operation remains unclear.However Daily Mail Online has established a series of connections between the firm and the Democratic Party.The small scale of the firm and its own home-made arrangements which will raise the most significant questions over security and over what checks Clinton s aides made about how suitable it was for dealing with what new transpires to be classified material. Daily Mail Online spoke to former employees of the firm, including Tera Dadiotis, who was a customer relations consultant between 2007 and 2010.Describing it as  a great place to work, but kind of like a mom and pop shop , Tera reacted with disbelief that her former company was hired to manage the email system of Democratic juggernaut Hilary Clinton.Speaking to Daily Mail Online at her home in Castle Rock, Colorado, Tera said:  I think it s really bizarre, I don t know how that relationship evolved. At the time I worked for them they wouldn t have been equipped to work for Hilary Clinton because I don t think they had the resources, they were based out of a loft, so [it was] not very high security, we didn t even have an alarm.Via: UK Daily Mail
Jay Dyer 21st Century WireIf the Trump phenomena showed anything, it showed the consensus reality the mainstream media attempted to create concerning Hillary s certain victory, as well as the consensus reality erected for decades, is not omnipotent.In fact, the earliest days of mass print media were erected on a famous fraud known as the Great Moon Hoax  of 1835  something researcher Chris Kendall has long called attention to   wherein the  educated,   elite  widely accepted the mainstream publications  claim bat people inhabited the lunar surface.In our day, a similar hoax still reigns, as mainstream media is literally as credible as Weekly World News  Bat Boy story. Orson Wells as Citizen Kane (1941)Anyone who has seen Orson Welles Citizen Kane knows the director became a target of one of the most powerful media moguls of all time   William Randolph Hearst (who bought up all the major papers of his day). Not many years later, Skull and Bonesman  Baal,  aka, Henry Luce of Time Magazine fame and his CIA operative wife Claire Boothe would cooperate in promoting the  anti-establishment  hallucinogenic trend, along with the dozens of academic and government institutions associated with MK ULTRA.What was supposedly anti-establishment was in fact promoted by the mass media for the explicit purposes of cultural revolution and social engineering, as Dave McGowan has detailed in his Weird Scenes Inside the Canyon.The major television news companies, and CBS in particular, have their origins in operatives of the OSS, like William Paley and David Sarnoff, while the same goes for print media, as the CIA s tentacles extended to major publications, including Katherine Graham s Washington Post, the Bushes and the Moonies with the Washington Times, as well as the Mockingbird New York Times. Investigations into the CIA s Operation Mockingbird would reveal extensive media control through some 400 top editors and journalists, and even today known establishment and CIA operatives such as Anderson Cooper (CNN-CBS) and Robert Baer (CNN) regularly  report the facts  to millions of Americans.Journalist Robert Parry notes as a further example the mainstream, establishment press covering up numerous scandals for the Reagan Administration, including Nicaraguan drug trafficking and the infamous Iran-Contra: At least since the 1980s, The New York Times has misreported or glossed over many international issues that put the United States and its allies in a negative light.For instance, the Times not only missed the Nicaraguan Contra cocaine scandal, but actively covered up the Reagan administration s role in the wrongdoing through the 1980s and much of the 1990s.The Times lagged badly, too, on investigating the secret operations that became known as the Iran-Contra Affair. The Times  gullibility in the face of official denials was an obstacle for those of us digging into that constitutional crisis and other abuses by the Reagan administration. [For more on this topic, see Consortiumnews.com s  New York Times: Apologist for Power. ]In that same era, The Washington Post performed no better. Leonard Downie, its executive editor at the time of the Contra-cocaine scandal, has continued to reject the reality of Ronald Reagan s beloved Contras trafficking in cocaine despite the 1998 findings of CIA Inspector General Frederick Hitz that, in fact, many Contras were neck-deep in the cocaine trade and the Reagan administration covered up their criminality for geopolitical reasons. Rumsfeld and Saddam: Old BFFs.This scandal was not limited to the GOP covering its ass, but also the other wing of the decrepit vulture of our two party system when the Clintons were implicated in the CIA s drug importation to Mena, Arkansas, through the journalistic work of Gary Webb. The Telegraph explains: Webb summed up the heart of his Dark Alliance series thus:  It is one of the most bizarre alliances in modern history. The union of a U.S. backed army attempting to overthrow a revolutionary socialist government and the uzi-toting  gangstas  of Compton and South-Central Los Angeles.Perhaps most damningly, Webb wrote that crack was virtually unobtainable in the city s black neighbourhoods before  members of the CIA s army  began supplying it at rock-bottom prices in the Eighties.  For the better part of a decade,  he wrote in the intro to the first piece in the trilogy,  a San Francisco Bay Area drug ring sold tonnes of cocaine to the Crips and Bloods street gangs of Los Angeles, and funnelled millions in drug profits to a Latin American guerrilla army run by the U.S. Central Intelligence Agency. Given the mainstream media is almost wholly owned by 6 conglomerates, we can begin to see how the coordination and control once considered a  conspiracy theory  is now made evident. In 1983, there were 50 and now it is roughly six, with NewsCorp owning the largest papers on three continents. That these facts sound like a  conspiracy theory  can only be presumed from a position of ignorance, especially given the full coordination and deception regarding the Trump   Clinton election of 2016, from rigged polls to Wikileaks revelations of 6o plus top media operatives directly promoting Hillary.When the mainstream media and the lying CIA claimed Saddam had  weapons of mass destruction,  it was promulgating fake news. The false claim subsequently led to the deaths of hundreds of thousands of Iraqis for a ridiculous war that aided U.S. and Israeli foreign policy. While the WMD claim is now known to be untrue, the chemical weapons Saddam previously possessed were admittedly given to him by the CIA. When Saddam gassed Iranians in the conflict that saw U.S. arming of both sides of that war, it was done by a man installed and trained by the CIA (Saddam himself). Foreign Policy explains: According to recently declassified CIA documents and interviews with former intelligence officials like Francona, the U.S. had firm evidence of Iraqi chemical attacks beginning in 1983. At the time, Iran was publicly alleging that illegal chemical attacks were carried out on its forces, and was building a case to present to the United Nations. But it lacked the evidence implicating Iraq, much of which was contained in top secret reports and memoranda sent to the most senior intelligence officials in the U.S. government. The CIA declined to comment for this story.It has been previously reported that the United States provided tactical intelligence to Iraq at the same time that officials suspected Hussein would use chemical weapons. But the CIA documents, which sat almost entirely unnoticed in a trove of declassified material at the National Archives in College Park, Md., combined with exclusive interviews with former intelligence officials, reveal new details about the depth of the United States  knowledge of how and when Iraq employed the deadly agents. They show that senior U.S. officials were being regularly informed about the scale of the nerve gas attacks. They are tantamount to an official American admission of complicity in some of the most gruesome chemical weapons attacks ever launched. And as for Saddam as a tool of the CIA, even the UPI reported, based on Miles Copeland, the following: In the mid-1980s, Miles Copeland, a veteran CIA operative, told UPI the CIA had enjoyed  close ties  with Qasim s ruling Baath Party, just as it had close connections with the intelligence service of Egyptian leader Gamel Abd Nassar. In a recent public statement, Roger Morris, a former National Security Council staffer in the 1970s, confirmed this claim, saying that the CIA had chosen the authoritarian and anti-communist Baath Party  as its instrument. Iraq wasn t the only war-based lie (all wars are a racket, as General Smedley Butler said) of note   the entire tale of 9/11 was never questioned by the mainstream media, but in fact propped by coordinated disinformation. Within minutes, the top media outlets were assuring the public  Osama bin Laden  was the culprit, and what do you know, like Saddam, he happened to be another CIA cut-out asset. Not only was this flimsy official conspiracy theory ludicrous, it was compounded with an equally laughable  raid, capture and execution,  that was not televised, photographed or known, apart from the mainstream media simply claiming it was so. The CIA director even admitted as much, adding the infamous  situation room  photo was staged. . Following 9/11, a paper thin cover for expansion into Afghanistan was proffered upon the American population, when Afghanistan had no connection to 9/11 or Iraq. Incoherent and contradictory accounts of who was the villain, where Osama s cartoonish base was and how this somehow related to Iraq was touted by W, while the media worked fully in tandem with this ridiculous foreign policy. Even more absurd, and confirming the tip of the iceberg Webb had uncovered, U.S. occupation of Afghanistan saw the exponential increase in opium production, with Fox even showing America s finest guarding the opium fields! None of this could have been achieved without a massive coordinating deception campaign by the mainstream media.  The  lies have not been as successful in Syria, but we can expect them to keep the staged nonsense rolling.Jay Dyer is the author of the new book, Esoteric Hollywood: Sex, Cults and Symbols in Film from Trine Day Publishers.  Focusing on film, philosophy, geopolitics and all things esoteric, JaysAnalysis and his podcast, Esoteric Hollywood, investigates the deeper meanings between the headlines, exploring the hidden aspects of our sinister synthetic mass media matrix.READ MORE ELECTION NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire 2016 FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE NOW & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV
BOSTON (Reuters) - A proposed Massachusetts ballot initiative that would allow voters to require U.S. presidential candidates to release their tax returns cleared a key hurdle on Wednesday, as state lawmakers mulled a similar bill after President Donald Trump declined to release his returns. The state’s attorney general, Maura Healey, a Democrat, certified the initiative petition along with 20 others covering a variety of topics as having met constitutional requirements for ballot questions. The proposed Massachusetts law would require candidates for U.S. president and vice president to submit to the state’s secretary copies of their federal income tax returns for the last six years that could then be made public. Certification of the petitions means backers can begin collecting the tens of thousands of signatures needed to get their questions onto the November 2018 ballot. Healey’s office said her decision did not mean she supported the petitions. The election-related initiative came after Trump, a Republican, last year became the first major presidential candidate since the 1970s to not voluntarily release at least some of his tax returns. Healey’s certification of the petition came as state lawmakers held a committee hearing and took testimony on a bill that would require U.S. presidential candidates to also disclose their tax returns in order to get onto the ballot. Senator Michael Barrett, the bill’s Democratic sponsor, in an interview said the bill had “a lot of grassroots interest,” and was receiving support from March Forward Mass, which formed after the Women’s March protest held in January a day after Trump was inaugurated. William Galvin, the Democratic secretary of state, testified in support of the bill, saying the public disclosure of tax returns is needed in order for voters to know about a candidate’s potential conflicts of interest. “This bill is not about Donald Trump,” he said. “It’s because of Donald Trump.” Barrett acknowledged such a law could be subject to lawsuits. The U.S. Constitution sets out qualifications to become president, and critics could argue the state’s law would unconstitutionally do the same. But Galvin testified that he believed that a law requiring tax returns’ disclosures could survive a legal challenge as states have a right to set conditions to get on their ballots. Similar proposals are being considered in other states. Republican New Jersey Governor Chris Christie in May vetoed a bill that would have required the disclosure by presidential candidates of tax returns, calling it “politics at its worst.” 
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump criticized the FBI on Friday for failing to stop leaks of national security information to the media and directed the agency to find those who pass on classified information. Trump’s comments come amid media reports saying the FBI refused a White House request to knock down news stories saying members of Trump’s team were in frequent contact with Russian intelligence agents during the presidential campaign. The Federal Bureau of Investigation, the nation’s top law enforcement agency, did not answer a request for comment on Trump’s remarks on Twitter. “The FBI is totally unable to stop the national security ‘leakers’ that have permeated our government for a long time. They can’t even find the leakers within the FBI itself. Classified information is being given to media that could have a devastating effect on U.S. FIND NOW,” Trump wrote. News reports by CNN and The Associated Press said White House Chief of Staff Reince Priebus asked Andrew McCabe, the FBI deputy director, to deny a Feb. 14 New York Times report that said Trump’s presidential campaign advisers had been in frequent contact with Russian intelligence officers. The request came after McCabe told him privately the report was wrong. A senior administration official said on Friday that FBI Director James Comey also told Priebus later the story was not accurate. Priebus asked if the FBI could set the record straight, but Comey said the bureau could not comment. Priebus asked if he could say intelligence officials assured him the story was inaccurate, and Comey said he could, the official told reporters. The FBI is investigating Russian interference in the Nov. 8 U.S. election. FBI counterintelligence agents are also examining financial transactions by Russian individuals and companies who are believed to have links to Trump associates. “There are investigations that are going on and those investigations must find out exactly what Russia was doing in the United States,” Senator Ben Cardin, the top Democrat on the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, told CNN on Friday. “We need a complete investigation and we certainly don’t want the White House at all trying to influence that investigation.” U.S. Representative John Conyers said any White House attempt to influence the FBI was “deeply troubling.” “The White House is simply not permitted to pressure the FBI to make public statements about a pending investigation of the President and his advisors,” Conyers, the top Democrat on the House Judiciary Committee, said in late on Thursday. 
GENEVA (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump must convey to Philippines President Rodrigo Duterte the deep sense of alarm about his apparent shirking of his duty to prosecute human rights violations, U.N. human rights chief Zeid Ra’ad al-Hussein said on Monday.  The White House on Sunday defended Trump’s decision to invite Duterte to Washington, saying his cooperation was needed to counter North Korea, even as the administration faced human rights criticism for its overture to Manila. “So one hopes the message will be very clear and undiluted from the President of United States to the President of the Philippines,” Zeid told a news briefing. 
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A bill to ease restrictions on energy development on U.S. tribal lands has a good chance of passing the Republican-controlled Congress this year, after several failed attempts since 2013, the chair of the Senate Indian affairs committee said. Many Republican lawmakers, along with President Donald Trump, have expressed support for more oil drilling, coal mining and other energy projects on Native American reservations, which are overseen by the federal government. Several additional layers of regulatory bureaucracy have slowed those efforts. “I think we will be able to get the bill through the House this go around,” Republican Senator John Hoeven of North Dakota, who authored the bill with seven other Republican Senators, said in a recent interview with Reuters.  He said he believed the bill also had the support of “a broad spectrum of tribes across the country” and would “empower” Native Americans. The bill, dubbed the Tribal Energy Development and Self Determination Act, would authorize tribes to conduct their own energy resource appraisals. It would streamline the permitting process for drilling and mining and provide incentives for tribes to enter into joint-venture agreements with private companies. Former President Barack Obama had opposed a previous House version of the bill in 2015 because it would have exempted tribes from some federal environmental regulations. Other versions were blocked after being rolled into broader bills that were defeated. Tribal lands cover just 2 percent of the nation’s surface but by some estimates contain as much as a fifth of all remaining U.S. oil and gas reserves. But clearing regulatory hurdles for a single project on tribal lands can take as many as 50 steps, compared to a half dozen on private property, according to Reuters interviews conducted in January with tribal leaders, lawyers, oil company executives and federal regulators. Hoeven and Montana Republican Senator Steve Daines joined around a dozen representatives of mineral-rich tribes for a meeting with White House officials last week to discuss ways to reduce those barriers. Tribal participants at the meeting included representatives of the Crow Agency of Montana, the Three Affiliated Tribes of North Dakota, the Navajo Nation and the Southern Ute Indian tribe of Colorado - all tribes that currently produce oil, gas or coal. “We are just trying to amplify our opportunities, change the narrative of Indian country, and establish access to the administration,” said C.J. Stewart, a representative of the Crow. 
BELGRADE (Reuters) - Serbia has extradited to Turkey a Kurdish political activist who had been seeking asylum, a police official said on Tuesday, defying a recommendation by the United Nations  Committee against Torture. Cevdet Ayaz requested asylum in Serbia earlier this year after fleeing Turkey, where he had been sentenced to 15 years in prison over alleged activities against the constitution, the Belgrade-based N1 TV quoted his lawyer Ana Trkulja as saying. It also quoted her as saying that Ayaz had been extradited to Turkey on Monday and that his brother had been asked to contact a police station in Istanbul where he was being held.  The U.N. Committee against Torture (UNCAT) issued a recommendation on Dec. 18 urging Belgrade to refrain from extraditing Ayaz. The Serbian police official, speaking on condition of anonymity, said Serbian courts had ruled that all preconditions for the extradition had been met and that Justice Minister Nela Kuburovic had acted accordingly.  The motion by the U.N. came after that (decision) ... The police only performed the extradition procedure,  the official said. Officials at Serbia s Justice Ministry, which approved Ayaz s extradition, were not immediately available for comment on the case. On Monday UNCAT chairman Jens Modvig warned Serbia, a candidate for European Union membership, to adhere to its international obligations.  Serbia is in the process of extraditing Mr. Ayaz to Turkey ... Serbia, please be aware of your UNCAT obligations,  Modvig wrote on his Twitter account.  Rights groups accuse Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan of using a state of emergency declared after the 2016 coup attempt to quash decades-long Kurdish dissent and political opposition. Turkey, which is also a candidate for EU membership, denies using torture. Serbia, the legal successor to the now-defunct Yugoslavia, has ratified the U.N. convention against torture, which came into force in 1987.  Serbia s President Aleksandar Vucic has sought to boost trade ties with Turkey, and Erdogan visited Belgrade in October. 
AUSTIN, Texas (Reuters) - The heavily Hispanic Texas border county of El Paso filed suit in federal court on Monday to halt a new law backed by the state’s Republican leaders to punish “sanctuary cities,” saying the measure was vague, cruel and unconstitutional. The law in Texas, which has the longest border with Mexico of any U.S. state, takes effect on Sept. 1 and calls for jail time for police chiefs and sheriffs who fail to cooperate in U.S. immigration enforcement. The suit filed in a U.S. district court in San Antonio on behalf of the county and its sheriff names Republican Governor Greg Abbott and others as defendants. It said the law would invite unlawful racial profiling in the county of about 800,000 people where more than 80 percent of the population is of Hispanic heritage. “History and logic supports that all Texans will not be equally subject to this harassment,” the lawsuit said. Abbott has said the law known as Senate Bill 4 will keep criminals off of the streets. Republican backers said there were no major sanctuary cities in Texas and the law would prevent any from adopting such practices. It was the first such legislation approved by a state since Republican Donald Trump, who has called for a crackdown on illegal immigration, became president in January.  The Texas law allows police to ask people about their immigration status during a lawful detention. Supporters have said immigrants who do not break the law have nothing to fear, while critics contend it allows police to detain people for up to 48 hours for immigration checks, even for minor infractions such as jaywalking. Earlier in May, the small Texas border town of El Cenizo, filed suit against the Texas law in federal court, and many major Texas cities and counties have said they also intend to sue to halt its implementation. The Texas law has also faced criticism from the police chiefs of the state’s largest cities, who said it would divert resources from fighting crime to immigration law enforcement. They added it would widen a gap between police and immigrant communities and eliminate the potential for assistance from immigrants in solving or preventing crimes. In a newspaper editorial last week, Abbott along with the sheriff of Hidalgo County, a border county with about the same population as El Paso, said SB 4 specifically prohibited racial profiling and discrimination. 
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A former CIA officer and congressional staffer on Monday launched a long-shot bid for president, a Republican billing himself as a conservative alternative to Donald Trump who disenchanted voters can rally around. There is virtually no chance that the newly announced candidate, Evan McMullin, could win and only a slight chance he will even be able to get his name on the ballots of key states. McMullin has no name recognition across the country and was not even well known in the Capitol where until Monday he was the chief policy director for the organizational body of all Republicans in the House of Representatives. But that will not stop some conservatives from pitching him as an option in the Nov. 8 election for those who never warmed to Trump and remain adamantly opposed to Democrat Hillary Clinton. “Donald Trump appeals to the worst fears of Americans at a time we need unity, not division,” McMullin wrote in a letter announcing his candidacy. “With the stakes so high for our nation and at this late stage in the process, I can no longer stand on the sidelines.”  McMullin’s campaign was first reported by MSNBC and BuzzFeed. He could not be immediately reached for comment. Trump was formally anointed his party’s nominee last month after beating 16 rivals in the state-by-state primary contests. But many Republicans have been concerned about Trump’s policies, such as his proposal to temporarily ban Muslims from entering the country, and his free-wheeling, often insulting rhetoric. McMullin has never held public office. In addition to lacking a quick source of campaign cash, he will face immediate hurdles to try to get his name on enough ballot papers to make himself a serious candidate. Texas, for example, requires third-party candidates to get more than 79,000 signatures from residents who did not vote in either the Republican or Democratic primary. And the deadline for that was in early May.  Deadlines to get on the ballots have also lapsed for North Carolina, Illinois and Florida, all large states that also could be pivotal in the election. The best McMullin could likely hope for would be to simply play spoiler to Trump in a handful of states, eating away at the New York real estate developer’s ability to win states that are generally reliably Republican. McMullin would join two other third-party hopefuls - Gary Johnson, who was nominated by the Libertarian Party, and Jill Stein, who will represent the Green Party. In recent polls that included Trump, Clinton, Stein and Trump, the two third-party candidates have both struggled to get above 10 percentage points in the polls. McMullin, who according to his LinkedIn profile worked in Congress since 2013, has been a frequent critic of Trump on social media, calling him an authoritarian and criticizing his stance on civil rights as well as his refusal to release his tax returns. Prior to working in Congress, McMullin spent 11 years as an operations officer for the Central Intelligence Agency.  Trump, meanwhile, was seeking to reset his campaign with a big economy policy speech on Monday after a rough patch last week. He was widely criticized, including by some senior Republicans, for engaging in a public dispute with the parents of a Muslim American soldier killed in Iraq. 
 
This is the kind of power grab that justifies armed rebellion.The North Carolina gubernatorial race was a close win for Democrat Roy Cooper but a win nonetheless even though his Republican opponent Pat McCrory challenged the results in every way possible to hang onto power.And because Cooper won, Republicans in the state legislature called a special session in order to pass a bunch of petty bills designed to cripple his administration before it has even begun.Senate Bill 4 is designed to merge the ethics and elections boards into one body and would change the overall makeup of the combined board so that Republicans control the whole thing. Current law gives Democrats the majority because Cooper is going to be governor, and the governor is able to make the majority of the appointments to the board. McCrory had this power himself, but he signed SB 4 to strip it away from Cooper.Furthermore, Republicans also passed House Bill 17 requiring state Senate approval for Cooper s cabinet picks, which means the state of North Carolina will likely be denied leadership in various state agencies because Republicans will more than likely refuse to approve of anyone Cooper picks. McCrory has yet to make a decision about that piece of legislation.Republicans also gave McCrory the power to appoint a member of the Industrial Commission to a six-year term instead of his appointment only being allowed to fill the remaining term of a commissioner who resigned due to health issues. And he picked the wife of his chief-of-staff to fill the seat. The commission hears appeals of worker compensation cases, so McCrory s pick serves as a  f*ck you  to workers across the state.Furthermore, another bill would slash Cooper s staff from 1,500 employees to 300, a move that would cripple the governor s office.Protesters stormed the statehouse over the last two days to voice opposition to the power grab, which is basically a coup. But as usual, Republicans ignored the protests and passed the bills anyway because they are petty losers. You can bet that had McCrory won the race Republicans would not be passing or even proposing any of these bills. They are only doing it to sabotage Cooper.These petty moves by Republicans are unconstitutional and should be declared null and void by the courts. The people of North Carolina should be enraged by what has happened here, and if these new laws are allowed to stand Republicans had better prepare themselves for the retribution that will occur when Democrats retake the legislature. Because turnabout is fair play.Featured image via Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images
BEIRUT (Reuters) - Saad al-Hariri, who announced on Nov. 4 from Saudi Arabia that he was quitting as Lebanon s prime minister, suggested on Sunday he could rescind his resignation. Speaking from Riyadh in an interview with Future TV, a station affiliated with his political party, Hariri said he planned to return to Lebanon to confirm his resignation in accordance with the constitution. But he also said that if he rescinds his decision to quit, the Hezbollah movement must respect Lebanon s policy of staying out of regional conflicts. 
How many times have the press and the Left admonished Trump for saying we need to do a better job of vetting the refugees coming into America? Call me  racist,  but the threat of polio, measles, TB and this horrific flesh eating disease all seem like pretty good reasons to re-evaluated our open borders to Muslim refugees position The Syrian refugee crisis has precipitated a  catastrophic outbreak  of a flesh-eating disease that is spreading across the Middle East and North Africa, according to research published on Thursday in the scientific journal PLOS. Largely missing from news media coverage is that the same news-making scientific report warned the ongoing violence in Syria has  created a setting in which we have seen the re-emergence of polio and measles, as well as tuberculosis, hepatitis A, and other infections in Syria and among displaced Syrian refugees. Indeed, in 2013 the World Health Organization documented new cases of vaccine-preventable diseases such as measles, reporting that year alone the number of confirmed measles cases in Syria reached 139, as compared to no documented cases in 2010 and 2011.The WHO reported that 2013 saw Syria s first outbreak of polio since 1999. According to an April 2015 WHO report, 35 children were subsequently paralysed by polio before the start of a new vaccine campaign.In November, 2014 PLOS documented the spread of measles from among the Syrian refugee population.Regarding the flesh-eating disease, leishmaniasis, PLOP warned in its latest report,  We may be witnessing an epidemic of historic and unprecedented proportions, but it has largely been hidden due to lack of specific information. The PLOP journal reported leishmaniasis is now affecting hundreds of thousands of refugees and has spread to Iraq, Lebanon, Jordan, Libya and Yemen. In Yemen alone, 10,000 new cases have been reported annually, the journal reported. Additionally, the number of cases of CL (cutaneous leishmaniasis) has most likely been severely underreported  due in part to constraints on collecting data from violence-torn regions, PLOP warned. Few countries have mandated reporting of CL and the resultant weak reporting system promotes a lack of disease awareness and public policies for treatment and prevention,  the report added. Due to the violence, Syrians have been forced to flee from their homes and seek refuge across the Middle East, North Africa, and, more recently, Europe,  the journal documented.Volcano-like ulcersLeishmaniasis, meanwhile, is a disease caused by protozoan parasites. It is spread almost entirely by sandflies, including those present in the U.S.There are three main types of the disease: cutaneous, mucocutaneous, and visceral leishmaniasis.Cutaneous is the most common form among Syrians. It manifests in skin sores that typically develop within a few weeks or months from a sand fly bite. The sores can initially appear as bumps or nodules and may evolve into volcano-like ulcers.Mucocutaneous leishmaniasis causes skin ulcers like the cutaneous form, as well as mucosal ulcers that usually damage the nose and mouth.Visceral leishmaniasis, which has also been found among Syrian refugees, is the most serious form and can be fatal. It damages internal organs, usually the spleen and liver, and also affects bone marrow.Threat to U.S.?Refugees who enter the U.S. must undergo medical screening according to protocols established by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, or CDC. Each refugee must submit to a physical examination, including a skin test and possibly a chest x-ray to check for tuberculosis,as well as a blood test for syphilis.The blood tests do not currently look for leishmaniasis. Clearly, an attending doctor could easily spot a patient with obvious skin ulcers. However, leishmaniasis cannot be detected upon physical examination if the patient is asymptomatic, as can be the case for years.In December, Dr. Heather Burke, an epidemiologist from the CDC s Immigrant, Refugee, and Migrant Health Branch, explained to Breitbart Jerusalem that there is generally a window of three to six months from the initial physical examination until a refugee departs for the U.S.She said a medical examination is valid for six months, and explained that patients undergo a second examination just prior to departure   a quicker  fitness to fly  screening. While she conceded that this final examination is not thorough, she said it would pick up any visible skin lesions. Burke told Breitbart Jerusalem that she is not aware of a single case of leishmaniasis entering the U.S. via Syrian refugees.Dr. Jane Orient, executive director of the Association of American Physicians and Surgeons, warned that  most doctors in the U.S. know nothing about leishmaniasis. We d all need to refer patients to tropical diseases specialists,  she told Breitbart Jerusalem in December.  The treatments are toxic and expensive, and some are not widely available. For Orient, the only sensible public health policy is  for all refugees to pass through a quarantined place like Ellis Island. Officials need to know where they ve been and what diseases occur there. We need sophisticated, reliable screening methods and excellent vector control in any areas where refugees stay. For entire story: Breitbart News
BERLIN (Reuters) - Support for Chancellor Angela Merkel s conservatives has slipped and over a third of Germans are still unsure how they will vote, an opinion poll showed on Friday, fuelling uncertainty about what kind of coalition will emerge from an election on Sept. 24. The weekly survey, conducted by pollster Forschungsgruppe Wahlen for ZDF television, showed support for Merkel s conservative bloc falling 2 points to 36 percent   a result that would still make it the largest group in parliament. Support for its nearest rivals, the left-leaning Social Democrats (SPD), rose by 1 point to 23 percent. The business-friendly Free Democrats (FDP) and the anti-immigration, euro-hostile Alternative for Germany (AfD) were both on 10 percent. The poll of 1,383 voters, conducted from Sept. 12 to Sept. 14, also showed that 39 percent of those surveyed were still unsure how they would vote.  More than ever, all these polls should be taken with a grain of salt now. There surely could be some surprises on election night,  said Gero Neugebauer, political scientist at Berlin s Free University. He doubted the SPD could overtake Merkel s conservatives, who he expected to be the largest parliamentary party with the Social Democrats the second biggest.  But in the fight among the smaller parties for third place and possible power in a coalition, everything is still up in the air,  Neugebauer added.     With the election likely to install six parties in parliament, up from four now, Germany will be marked by a more fractured political landscape after the vote. This could make coalition-building difficult. Friday s poll showed support for the far-left Linke stood at 9 percent, with the environmentalist Greens on 8 percent. Foreign Minister Sigmar Gabriel, a senior Social Democrat, told broadcaster SWR he favored a so-called  traffic light  coalition with the FDP and Greens. However, the poll put support for such an alliance at just 41 percent. [B4N1JZ031] The survey showed there would be sufficient support for both a repeat of the incumbent  grand coalition  of Merkel s conservatives and the SPD, and for a so-called  Jamaica  coalition of the conservatives, FDP and Greens. However, Greens co-leader Cem Ozdemir sounded a skeptical note about a possible three-way Jamaica tie-up   a reference to the parties  colors: black (conservatives), yellow (FDP) and green (Greens).  I don t see how we should get together with the FDP,  he told the daily Berliner Zeitung. FDP leader Christian Lindner also played down the likelihood of such an alliance.  The Greens have long since bid farewell to Jamaica by raising their demands to the max,  he told Der Spiegel magazine. Lindner, a potential finance minister if the FDP joins a ruling coalition, also set out red lines on euro zone policy ahead of potential coalition negotiations.  I fear that Chancellor Merkel and French President Macron are agreed on new pots of money in the euro zone to create a gigantic financial transfer system,  he said, before taking aim at European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker.   Mr Juncker wants to expand the euro zone, though its consolidation should be the priority now. Neither would be on with us,  Lindner added, with reference to a transfer system and euro zone expansion. Neugebauer said the FDP was fishing in the AfD s waters.  FDP leader Lindner has turned a former pro-European party into some kind of AfD-light,  he added.  The poll s margin of error was some 3 percentage points. With support for Merkel s conservatives and the FDP   natural allies who have ruled together in the past   at 46 percent, the margin of error suggests they could yet squeak into power. A separate poll released on Thursday showed support for the SPD had slumped to its lowest level this year - at 20 percent - with Merkel s conservatives steady at 37 percent.  There is high volatility not only because of those who are still undecided,  said Neugebauer.  There are also many swing voters who change tack at the last minute for tactical reasons to ensure or prevent a certain coalition option.  
Jesse Waters goes out to try and find out what words are offensive to Princeton students: 
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The internal watchdog at the U.S. Justice Department said on Wednesday he hopes to complete his review by early spring into whether the Federal Bureau of Investigation erred when it announced it was reopening its investigation into Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton’s emails ahead of the 2016 presidential election. “We have interviewed dozens of people. We are not at the 100 level yet, but we’re in the dozens range. We’ve reviewed about 1.2 million records in the course of the investigation,” Justice Department Inspector General Michael Horowitz said, in testimony before a U.S. House of Representatives panel.  “We are aiming to release the report in late winter/early spring, so hopefully in that March-April time period.”  After a deluge of congressional requests, Horowitz’s office earlier this year announced it would review the pre-election decision-making at the FBI. At the heart of the review is whether former FBI Director James Comey improperly made a series of public statements about the status of the bureau’s investigation into Clinton’s use of a private email server for official correspondence while she was Secretary of State. Comey, who was fired in May by U.S. President Donald Trump, had also led an investigation into whether the Trump campaign colluded with Russia to influence the 2016 election. The FBI does not typically discuss its investigations publicly. In the case of Clinton, however, Comey decided in July 2016 to hold a press conference and explain why the FBI had declined to refer Clinton for prosecution. He said at the time her actions were careless, but did not rise to criminal behavior. Comey in October 2016 sent Congress a letter saying the FBI needed to re-open its investigation after it uncovered new emails on the computer of former Representative Anthony Weiner, who had been married to one Clinton’s top aides. Then on Nov. 6, 2016 - two days before the presidential election - Comey said the FBI had not uncovered any new evidence. Comey’s various public disclosures stirred a lot of controversy with some questioning whether he had violated the Hatch Act, which bars government employees from interfering with U.S. elections.  Republicans have also complained about why former U.S. Attorney General Loretta Lynch did not recuse herself from the matter after it was revealed she had met with former President Bill Clinton on board a plane while the investigation was still ongoing. The issues have recently prompted a handful of committees in the Republican-led U.S. Congress to open their own reviews into the same set of facts being probed by Horowitz’s office. 
Evil hiding under the banner of  religion  in our own backyard A 32-year-old woman was harassed and intimidated last week when she tried to pick up her four children from the fundamentalist Mormon sect she bravely left to escape an abusive husband.Sabrina Broadbent Tetzner, 32, fled the sect headed by convicted rapist Warren Jeffs eight years ago and finally gained full custody of her children (ages 8 to 13) last week.But when she tried to pick up her children from the Colorado City, Utah community where they have been living, she was physically stopped by hundreds of cult members hell bent on keeping the kids. Lots of members from the community started showing up. They surrounded her vehicle, the home, fences and the yard. They were kicking the van. They even tried to put a cow and chickens into her vehicle,  ex-cult member Flora Jessop, who helped Tetzner through her legal battle, told KSL.Cell phone footage shows swarms of polygamists surrounding Tetzner s van, the women dressed in conservative floor-length dresses in varying pastel colors. A Mohave County judge ordered the sect to turn over the children at 5pm Thursday, but Tetzner says that when she got to the compound at the arranged time her kids were nowhere to be seen. FOX 10 News | fox10phoenix.comIt was only at midnight that they returned, and were quickly shepherded into their aunt Samantha Holm s house where several dozen fundamentalists kept them from seeing her mother.Tetzner spent the night in her van, fearing the vehicle would be torn apart if she left it unattended. When even about 600 cult members surrounded her vehicle in the morning, and kept her from reaching the home where her children were staying, Tetzner called police to intervene on her children s behalf. Sheriff s deputies had to take out a search warrant to pry the children from the house and into their mother s waiting arms.Allegedly, the children were not so happy to leave, since cult members had scared them into believing their mother was taking them to hell. Deputies escorted Tetzner and her children all the way back to their home in northern Utah, and reportedly FLDS members tailed them the whole way there.Since leaving the sect, she has remarried a man named Chase Tetzner and the two appear to have a toddler son together. A photo posted to her Facebook in August 2012, shows her in a half-white, half-camouflage wedding dress.Defenders of Children, a non-profit group that has been aiding Tetzner through her custody battle, said they fear for her safety and are raising money to pay for a security system and new clothes for the woman s children. Tetzner left the FLDS church eight years ago, about a year after the cult s leader Warren Jeffs was arrested for organizing marriages between men in his cult and underage girls. He is currently serving a life sentence in prison, but continues to head the church from behind bars.Custodial interference charges are pending against Samantha Holm, the aunt who initially wouldn t hand over Tetzner s children.Via: UK Daily Mail
Trying to catch the liar of liars in a lie isn t hard. Getting him and his campaign to acknowledge that Trump is the liar of liars is. Same thing with bullying, but The New York Times put together a spread of all the bullyish things Trump has said and tweeted, and to whom. Now, the Toronto Star s Daniel Dale has been tracking Trump s lies for just six weeks, and the paper has compiled a complete list of those lies, which you can find here.There are literally hundreds of lies in Trump s speeches. They re not all 100% unique, but this is probably the final and ultimate proof that Trump will say anything to smear anyone, including his enemies, while keeping his supporters happy.Is there any presidential candidate in history that has lied this much? Tons of people claim Hillary is a master liar, but first, she s actually more honest than most politicians. Second, even if she could be considered anything like a master liar, she still could not compete with Trump the Liar in any way, shape or form.The Star put the lies into a whopping 20 categories: Clinton s policies, WTF, Daesh/Middle East, Clinton s record, African Americans/Inner cities, The Clintons  corruption, Rigged election, Trade/Economy, Health care, Trump s endorsements, Refugees/Immigration, Polls, Obama s record, The campaign, Russia, Trump s record, Taxes, Sex assault allegations, Clinton s health and Government corruption.They also compiled a list of the top 10 types of lies Trump has told and gave more detailed analysis, beginning with,  The electoral system is rigged.  Of course, it s rigged against him: After plummeting in the polls after the first two debates, Trump began to repeatedly question the fairness of the election.  Rigged  became his catchword.He claimed Hillary Clinton campaign workers hired  thugs  to cause violence at his rallies, twisting the evidence from an undercover video to unfairly disparage Clinton. He claimed there was widespread voter fraud in Philadelphia, Chicago and St. Louis   cities with large black populations that heavily favour Democrats.In Greeley, Colo., Trump told his supporters if they don t trust mail-in ballots, they should vote again in person. So, one did. Trump supporter Terri Lynn Rote, a 55-year-old from Iowa, was charged by police for suspicion of voting twice. Nobody s committing voter suppression and fraud quite like Trumpsters and Republicans.Another is,  Muslims are risky.  This touches on his assertions that we know nothing about refugees coming from Syria, who could be the great Trojan Horse of our time: His claims that Syrian refugees   99 per cent are Muslim   are terrorists plays to the fears of the  other,  even though they are extensively vetted and are predominantly women and children. And their numbers is nowhere near Trump s claims   about 13,000 have been admitted to the United States in 2016. The polls favour Trump.  Har de har har   Trump only looks at the polls he likes, and they re usually unscientific online polls or other dubious polls. Very few of the established, scientific polls favor him. Nevertheless: It seems clear Trump manipulates, exaggerates or makes up polls that make it sound as if he is doing better than he actually is. This  poll denialism  gives his supporters licence to dismiss negative polling data, suggests CNN.His false claims cast doubt on the legitimacy of mainstream polling   and perhaps even the vote itself. If supporters feel Trump should be doing better, then the idea of a rigged election seems more credible.On Oct. 24, he said  I won the last two debates, and every poll showed it.  In fact, every scientific poll showed that he lost.Of course, when unscientific online polls came out in his favour, Trump was quick to promote   and exaggerate   those numbers. But these are just a few of his biggest, most repeated lies. He has also:And so many more, just in the last six weeks! Yes, many of them are repeats, but lies are lies. If Trump sees this, he ll likely throw a livid fit about it and claim that the paper s lying, and continue to sell the myth that he s not the liar of liars being caught in a squillion lies.To see the full list and detailed analysis, click here.Featured image by Chip Somodevilla via Getty Images
LONDON (Reuters) - Scotland s First Minister Nicola Sturgeon said on Tuesday the UK government had to make changes to its European Union withdrawal bill before her devolved government in Edinburgh would agree to back it, but said she was hopeful progress could be made. The devolved governments in Scotland and Wales are worried that the withdrawal bill will sap their powers. They cannot veto the EU bill, but failure to win their consent would be an embarrassing setback for British Prime Minister Theresa May s government and could reignite Scottish demands for independence.  There s a long way still to go and I m very clear that bill has to change,  Sturgeon told reporters after talks with May in London that she described as  constructive and cordial .  Hopefully having had the opportunity to air the concerns we have in more details we will be able to make progress in weeks to come,  Sturgeon said.  The EU withdrawal bill seeks to convert all existing EU laws into British law to provide legal clarity after Britain leaves the bloc and lawmakers started to debate it on Tuesday in Britain s parliament. Scotland and Wales, which currently control policy areas such as health, education, transport and agriculture, say the legislation does not guarantee the status of their devolved powers after Brexit. A spokeswoman for May said that devolved powers would be enhanced after Brexit.  The prime minister reiterated that as powers are repatriated from Brussels back to Britain there will be a significant increase in the decision-making powers for the Scottish Government and other devolved administrations.  Brexit is a source of tension for the four constituent nations of the United Kingdom because Scotland and Northern Ireland voted to stay in the EU, while Wales and England - by far the most populous of the four - voted to leave. 
MOSCOW (Reuters) - A foreign-policy adviser to U.S. presidential candidate Donald Trump avoided all questions about how the United States should shape its policy toward Russia on a visit to Moscow on Thursday. Carter Page said at a lecture he gave to students and business figures organized by Moscow’s New Economic School that he did not want to comment on the U.S. election campaign. Page declined to say whether he was planning to meet anyone from the Kremlin, the Russian government or Foreign Ministry during his visit. Trump, the front-runner for the Republican nomination for the U.S. presidential election, has made contradictory comments about Russia but made headlines with warm words for President Vladimir Putin.  Putin called Trump “very talented”, fuelling speculation the Kremlin would be pleased to see Trump in the White House, but later rowed back from those comments. In his lecture on Thursday, Trump’s adviser Page said Western governments had often had a hypocritical focus on democratization, corruption and inequality in the post-Soviet world. He also accused the United States and its partners of “proactive steps to encourage regime change overseas”. “This may understandably advance a certain level of insecurity,” Page said. Relations between the United States and Russia have deteriorated sharply under U.S. leader Barack Obama, undermined by disagreements over the conflicts in Ukraine and Syria. The Obama administration imposed sanctions on Russia in 2014 over Russia’s annexation of Ukraine’s Crimea region and fights on the opposing side of the five-year-old Syrian civil war. Page worked in Russia for U.S. investment bank Merrill Lynch in the mid-2000s and said in an interview with Bloomberg in March that he was an investor in Russian gas producer Gazprom. 
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. State Department said on Monday Washington was  very concerned  by reports of violence around the Iraqi oil city of Kirkuk, which was seized by Baghdad s forces from Kurds.  We are monitoring the situation closely and call on all parties to coordinate military activities and restore calm,   State Department spokeswoman Heather Nauert said in a statement. 
HONG KONG (Reuters) - A Chinese official admonished Hong Kong on Thursday for failing to introduce a national security law, ramping up pressure on the former British colony to enact the contentious Article 23 that critics say will further choke its freedoms. The global financial hub has been ruled under a  one country, two systems  principle since it returned to China in 1997, guaranteeing freedoms not enjoyed on the mainland, including an independent judiciary and freedom of expression. Those freedoms are outlined in its mini-constitution, the  Basic Law , a document that also demands the city pass its own laws preventing treason, secession and subversion against Communist Party rulers in Beijing. Hong Kong leaders have in the past decade put off passing Article 23, possibly their most sensitive political task, especially as tensions ran high after the months-long pro-democracy demonstrations in 2014. But Beijing officials have not forgotten, and on Thursday Li Fei, who chairs the Basic Law Committee under the Chinese parliament s standing committee, said it was  a duty that cannot be shirked .  I believe we can all see the harmful effects from this legal vacuum,  he said in a speech in Hong Kong.  I d like to emphasize, (Hong Kong should) safeguard national sovereignty and security through legislation and strict implementation of the law.  An earlier planned national security law for Hong Kong was shelved in 2003 after an estimated 500,000 people marched against it. In his hour-long speech, live-streamed in some schools and at times directed at students, Li also lashed out at a nascent independence movement, which has gone largely underground after most of its figureheads were charged for what the government called a  riot  in 2016.  Their behavior is absurd, the nature of it is illegal, and emotionally speaking it s absolutely impermissible,  he said.  We must resist and oppose them without any hesitation.      Li s remarks came after Chinese President Xi Jinping took what some saw as a harder line on Hong Kong s future during his visit in July to mark the 20th anniversary of the 1997 handover. Xi warned then that any attempt to endanger Chinese sovereignty and security, challenge China s power, or use Hong Kong to carry out infiltration or sabotage would be acts that cross  the red line  and were  absolutely impermissible . The city s new leader, Carrie Lam, bent on mending the damaged trust between Beijing and the Hong Kong public, has repeatedly said the timing is not right to introduce security laws, just three years after the youth-led demonstrations directly challenged Beijing s authority.  Even without any new local laws, some Hong Kong lawyers, diplomats and activists believe Beijing may make its own attempt to outlaw independence debates through a formal interpretation of the Basic Law, or extending national laws to cover Hong Kong. Such moves would have to be followed by Hong Kong s courts, deepening fears over the strength of Hong Kong s vaunted rule of law and freedom of speech. Some experts note that Beijing has lowered the threshold for such action after its preemptive interpretation of the Basic Law last year, which effectively disqualified lawmakers who did not take their oaths properly. It also ruled last month to outlaw mockery of the national anthem and decided the law would be extended to Hong Kong, which will take effect after it s been put to the city s legislature. 
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump plans to sign a repeal of Obama-era broadband privacy rules as a bigger fight looms over rules governing the openness of the internet, the White House said on Wednesday. Republicans in Congress on Tuesday narrowly passed the repeal of the privacy rules with no Democratic support and over the strong objections of privacy advocates. The fight over privacy sets the stage for an even larger battle later this year over Republican plans to overturn the net neutrality provisions adopted by the administration of former President Barack Obama in 2015. White House spokesman Sean Spicer said he did not know when Trump would sign the bill. The privacy bill would repeal regulations adopted in October by the Federal Communications Commission under the Obama administration requiring internet service providers to do more to protect customers’ privacy than websites like Alphabet Inc’s Google or Facebook Inc. Under the rules, internet providers would need to obtain consumer consent before using precise geolocation, financial information, health information, children’s information and web browsing history for advertising and marketing. The reversal is a win for AT&T Inc, Comcast Corp and Verizon Communications Inc. Websites are governed by a less restrictive set of privacy rules overseen by the Federal Trade Commission. Republican commissioners have said the rules would unfairly give websites the ability to harvest more data than internet service providers.  Senate Democratic leader Chuck Schumer said in a tweet the vote was “Terrible for American ppl, great for big biz.” Republicans next plan to overturn net neutrality provisions that in 2015 reclassified broadband providers and treated them like a public utility.     FCC Chairman Ajit Pai, a Republican, in December said he believes that net neutrality’s days are numbered. The rules bar internet providers from obstructing or slowing down consumer access to web content and prohibit giving or selling access to speedy internet, essentially a “fast lane” on the web’s information superhighway, to certain internet services. Critics say the rules opened the door to potential government rate regulation, tighter oversight and would provide fewer incentives to invest billions in broadband infrastructure. Pai told Reuters in February be backs “a free and open internet and the only question is what regulatory framework best secures that” but has steadfastly declined to disclose his plans.  Trump has not talked as president about net neutrality but in 2014 tweeted he opposed net neutrality. 
BEIJING (Reuters) - China s air force carried out another round of long-range drills on Monday, flying into the Sea of Japan and prompting South Korean and Japanese jets to scramble, and again around self-ruled Taiwan amid growing tension over China s assertiveness.   China has in recent months ramped up its long-range air force drills, particularly around Taiwan, claimed by China as its own.  The air force said in a statement that fighter and bomber aircraft flew through the Tsushima Strait that separates South Korea from Japan and into international waters in the Sea of Japan. The Sea of Japan is not Japan s, and the drills were lawful and reasonable, air force spokesman Shen Jinke said in the statement, describing the exercises as routine and pre-planned. The Japanese Defence Ministry said in a statement that the aircraft - two SU-30 fighters, two H-6 bombers and one TU-154 reconnaissance plane - had not violated Japan s airspace.  In Seoul, South Korea s Joint Chiefs of Staff said five Chinese military planes were spotted entering the Korean Air Defence Identification Zone, and fighter jets scrambled in response.  The Chinese aircraft also flew through Japan s Air Defence Identification Zone, they said.  Our fighter planes took normal tactical measures, identifying the models of the Chinese planes and flying aerial surveillance until they left,  the South Korean statement said. Chinese air force spokesman Shen alluded to the scrambled aircraft, saying they  responded to interference from foreign military aircraft  but were able to achieve the aim of their drill. Taiwan s military said that China had staged a separate drill at the same time, flying a plane through the Bashi Channel between Taiwan and the Philippines and then returning to base through the Strait of Miyako, to Taiwan s north and near Japan s southern islands. Taiwan monitored Japan sending F-15 fighters to intercept, Taiwan s defence ministry added in its statement. The Japanese Defence Ministry identified the plane as Y-8 electronic warfare aircraft. There was no violation of Japan s airspace in this instance either, the ministry said.     China s air force last week conducted  island encirclement patrols  near Taiwan, after a senior Chinese diplomat threatened that China would invade the self-ruled island if any U.S. warships made port visits there. China suspects Taiwan President Tsai Ing-wen, who leads the independence-leaning Democratic Progressive Party, wants to declare the island s formal independence. Tsai says she wants to maintain peace with China but will defend Taiwan s security. China s air force exercises also come amid regional tensions over North Korea s nuclear and missile programmes, with bellicose rhetoric from both North Korea and U.S. President Donald Trump. 
Donald Trump s running mate, Mike Pence, appeared on Fox News for an interview Sunday morning. Let s just say it did not go well for him. Host Chris Wallace hammered him about Trump s assertion that President Obama and Hillary Clinton  founded ISIS,  backing him into a corner and making him squirm. Ultimately, Wallace came to the conclusion that Pence is nothing more than Trump s  clean up crew. You and he spent a day defending his remarks, saying that they were serious,  Wallace began, playing the video.  Now, Trump says that he was being sarcastic. So, Governor, which is it? Well, I think he was being very serious, and he was making a point that needs to be made, that there is no question that the failed policies of President Barack Obama and Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, in the wider Middle East, created a vacuum within Iraq in which ISIS was able to arise,  Pence replied. So then why is he saying he was sarcastic?,  Wallace asked insistently. Well, he was making a very serious point, and look ,  Pence responded,Wallace was not about to let Pence off the hook and asked again,  Forgive me, why did he say he was being sarcastic? Well, he was making a very serious point. Donald Trump has a way of talking to get people s attention, and it s drawn attention to a very important issue,  Pence replied. There was a time when any Democrat president knew where the buck stopped in the White House,  Pence continued.  And the responsibility for the failed policies in the Middle East that created the environment where ISIS developed belongs to President Barack Obama and Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, and the American people know that. Governor, those are all perfectly legitimate points to make, but that isn t what Trump said. He said that Obama and Clinton were the most valuable players of ISIS, that they were the co-founders of ISIS,  Wallace said.  Then he said, well, I was just being sarcastic about that, just as he said he was just being sarcastic about inviting Russia to come in and release e-mails of Hillary Clinton s. Isn t the sarcastic excuse getting a bit old?,  Wallace asked directly. Well, no, I don t think it s getting old at all, Chris,  Pence stammered.  Donald Trump made his way through a very competitive primary because he spoke not like your typical politician, but just plainly like an everyday American. And speaking plainly is exactly what the American people will anticipate in the course of this election, but more importantly, they re going to have a president who tells them exactly what s on his mind, and the American people are going to hear and hear him loudly. Finally, after pinning Pence down and listening to the steady stream of bullshit the VP was feeding him, Wallace said screw it and asked the former Indiana governor the only question left: Are you the cleanup crew? Watch FOX News host Chris Wallace grill Mike Pence on Donald Trump s claim that President Obama and Hillary Clinton founded ISIS, here:[youtube https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uAokvqEx1-w]Featured image via video screen capture
For like the eleventy-billionth time, Sarah Palin posted a broken link to a Facebook post on Twitter Sunday. Now, at first glance her months of posting dead links and not figuring out how to fix the problem might seem moderately stupid   until you see the content of the actual post on the half-term, half-wit former Governor of Alaska s Facebook timeline.Referencing Clinton s recent, mundane campaign stop at a bar, Palin   who regularly appears to be heavily intoxicated whenever she has a camera in front of her and was involved in a drunken hillbilly brawl in 2014   quipped,  she s gonna drive us all to drink. Thinking she is clever, she then adds that Clinton should have been  thinking Sam Adams  rather than  drinking Sam Adams. Naturally, as Palin brought up drinking, the internet decided it couldn t let this one go:@SarahPalinUSA I see you've already started  Clodagh Smith (@Clodagh831) October 30, 2016@SarahPalinUSA Any excuse to drink, eh Sarah? #Lush  John Yuma (@JohnYuma) October 30, 2016@SarahPalinUSA Have you been day drinking again?  Mr. Wolfcastle (@tew156) October 30, 2016@SarahPalinUSA oh Sarah, remember when you mattered?Me neither. Open another Box O' Wine.  jmsullivan (@Jfordhamusn) October 30, 2016@SarahPalinUSA have you been sober during your speaking engagements? I always thought you were drunk as a skunk.  Jeff Bender (@JeffBikeBender) October 30, 2016@SarahPalinUSAYour kid keeps shacking up with different dudes and Hillary's driving you to drink?  Hot Takes (@HotTakes1) October 30, 2016@SarahPalinUSA From what I've seen, You've been drinking non stop for YEARS!  Steve Derebey (@SDerebey) October 30, 2016Yes, as was heavily pointed out, we have been enjoying Palin s drunken rants for years. Unfortunately for her, she is so irrelevant that mockery is all she has warranted since she helped John McCain lose in 2008.You can enjoy one of her best drunken ravings below:Classic: Visibly Drunk Sarah Palin Fumbles Response to Elizabeth WarrenFeatured image via Getty Images (Darren Hauck)/screengrab
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republicans will consider using planned tax reform to eliminate one of the biggest taxes in Obamacare, if the Senate fails to overturn the healthcare law, a senior Republican in the U.S. House of Representatives said on Wednesday.  Kevin Brady, the top Republican on tax policy in the House as chairman of the Ways and Means Committee, said Republicans will look at the 3.8 percent Net Investment Income Tax in discussions aimed at unveiling a tax reform plan in September. The levy is a weight on economic growth, he said in an interview with Reuters. Efforts by Republicans to overhaul or repeal the Affordable Care Act, known as Obamacare, collapsed in the Senate on Tuesday in a major setback for Republican President Donald Trump. Given a wholesale repeal or overhaul now seems imperiled, Republicans are looking at other ways to attack a law they have vowed to overturn since it was signed by Democratic former President Barack Obama seven years ago. Brady said tax legislation was unlikely to be able to include the repeal of other Obamacare taxes. Doing so would result in about $1 trillion in additional revenue losses over a decade, cutting into efforts to avoid adding to the federal deficit in the overall tax package, he said.  “Will we look at the Net Investment Income Tax provision? Yes, mainly because it is incredibly anti-growth the way it is today,” Brady said. But he was cautious about a full repeal of the tax, given the large revenues involved and the fact that some Senate Republicans resisted overturning it as part of the healthcare bill that was under consideration. The tax raises $172.2 billion in revenue over 10 years to fund Obamacare, including health insurance subsidies for individuals.  Its repeal is viewed by critics, including some moderate Republicans, as a tax cut for the wealthy since the tax hits individuals who earn more than $200,000 a year and married couples with more than $250,000 in earnings. Brady said he was most concerned about the investment tax’s effect on small businesses.  “It doesn’t just affect high earners. It goes across a broad spectrum of small business and captures too much of their activity as well. So we will take a look at that,” he said. However, he noted, “You’ve got to ask the question: if it couldn’t pass the Senate in healthcare, can it pass the Senate in tax reform?”  But he added: “Leaving that in place, from an economic standpoint, is a mistake.” 
PARIS (Reuters) - France s prime minister, whose government has vowed to clean up politics, was forced on Wednesday to defend his decision to hire a private jet for 350,000 euros ($415,000) to fly back from Japan. Opposition politicians decried Edouard Philippe s use of the private charter, and a non-governmental agency that pursues financial wrongdoing in high places accused him of ignoring his own government s pledges of exemplary behavior. President Emmanuel Macron came under fire earlier this month for celebrating his 40th birthday in the grounds of a royal palace. His office sought to play that down, saying the event had been paid for by Macron and his wife. Philippe acknowledged on RTL radio that he and his delegation flew back to Paris from Tokyo, after an official trip to New Caledonia, at a cost of 350,000 euros, but said he had been obliged to do so.  I totally understand the surprise and the questions of the French people,  Philippe said.  We knew there was no commercial flight at the time we needed to return, and we knew we had to return because the President was leaving on the Wednesday morning of our return for Algeria,  he said.  The rule is that, whenever possible, (either) the Prime Minister or the President must be on national territory ... I take full responsibility for this decision.  Karim Bouamrane, spokesman for the Socialist Party, said on Twitter that the flight pointed to  amateurism  regarding the organizational skills of Philippe s team. Macron put financial and ethical probity in public life at the heart of a presidential election race he won last May, and his new government passed a law to tighten up on ethical standards in French politics. He has struggled nonetheless to shake detractors  charges that he is a  president of the rich  after reforms including the scrapping of a wealth tax and reductions in housing benefit - moves Macron says will boost investment and social mobility. In August, social media commentators and political opponents criticized the French president after it emerged he spent 26,000 euros on makeup during his first 100 days in office. Anticor, a non-governmental agency that focuses on financial corruption and profligacy in politics, said use of a private jet was at odds with Macron and his government s declarations that financial probity was a priority. ($1 = 0.8450 euros) 
The only possible explanation for this embarrassing misstep is that either Obama s speechwriter isn t very fond of him or they simply forgot to proof-read his speech There have been no terrorist attacks on US soil during my 8 years.  Except for the ones I m about to list. Merica. pic.twitter.com/snpLxgGrhZ  Cloyd Rivers (@CloydRivers) January 11, 2017 
Donald Trump s bigoted anti-Muslim rhetoric has inspired his equally hateful followers to hold all sorts of bigotry-inspired events to show just how much they hate everyone who isn t a die hard right-wing Christian. Case in point- one Jim Stachowiak who held an armed, open carry event to protest Muslims at the Georgia Capitol, which he dubbed United against Islam and Islamic immigration refugee. He encouraged attendees to come bearing as many arms as they like, and their intended activities included ripping up photos of President Obama, Hillary Clinton, Loretta Lynch, and the Prophet Mohammed. If that isn t offensive enough for you, Stachowiak also intended to rip up a Qu ran.This bigot s so-called rally was an epic fail, though. Guess how many people besides the rally s organizers showed up? ONE. Yep, you read that right. Only one person showed up to the hate rally, when originally there was going to be a supposed 200 people in attendance. The people at the Capitol took what Stachowiak was doing seriously, and rightly so, since Stachowiak is a known right-wing gun nut. According to The Daily Beast:The right-wing agitator has been calling on the government to  STOP MUSLIM IMMIGRATION  for years, loves brandishing his large firearms, and wants you to know that  JESUS CHRIST WAS NOT A PACIFIST. He also enjoys referring to himself as a well-armed, proud  crusader  and  infidel  against the forces of  Islam, and any other Satanic Death Cult that would destroy our Liberty. Capitol Police Chief Lewis G. Young warned people who would have the misfortune of having to work near this insane demonstration that rally participants would liked have a bunch of guns. His warning also said: DPS is currently monitoring the threat risk and, together with GBA, is taking precautions to make Capitol Hill a safe environment. However, it was all for naught, because there was, according the social media evidence, one lone idiot out there at the Capitol protesting Muslims by himself. Here are a couple of tweets documenting that:Anti-Muslim protest setting up. pic.twitter.com/fpgbrBQWOt  Aaron Gould Sheinin (@asheinin) April 18, 2016From today's rally: "We're not Against Muslims" says the man who destroyed a Qur'an just minutes earlier. #gapol pic.twitter.com/01wiw6pRwy  Robbie Medwed (@rjmedwed) April 18, 2016So, in other words, this fool was out there in the hot Georgia sun all by himself, letting everyone in attendance   him and a bunch of reporters   see just how hateful and batshit insane he really is. The only silver lining to this disgusting display of hate is that this moron couldn t find anyone to marinate in his hate with him.Featured image via video screen capture from Twitter
Former Director of National Intelligence James Clapper was way out of line and way too political last night when he showed his cards BIGTIME on President Trump. He followed the latest leftist line that Trump  isn t fit to serve Yes, the loony left has a new play book that makes the false claim that somehow Trump is  unfit  to be president.We ve reported on clapper before but his  not wittingly  comment before the Senate is legend. Remember when he was asked if the NSA spies on Americans and he replied  not wittingly ? Yes, well, that was perjury.More recently Clapper bashed President Trump during a discussion on national security and the Trump/Russia fake scandal.It s clear that Clapper is a political pawn who is out to try and make our president look bad. This is serious Deep State stuff.We re sure this isn t the end of James Clapper s involvement in the opposition to President Trump.
Star Trek legend George Takei gloriously shredded Donald Trump s dipshit son in a column which includes a poem for Trump Jr. to read to pass the time in his prison cell.As we all know by now, Trump Jr. released an email chain of himself agreeing to a meeting with a Russian lawyer who offered to give the Trump campaign dirt on Hillary Clinton to use in the 2016 Election. The information was received from the Russian government through Aras Agalarov, a Russian oligarch who is close to Vladimir Putin and one of Donald Trump s friends.It has since been revealed that a former Soviet intelligence officer also attended the meeting, which took place inside Trump Tower.In a scathing column published on Saturday, Takei recounts the news of the scandal and proceeds to inform Trump Jr. that he is going to jail. The latest  I can t believe this actually happened  bombshell concerns, of course, not Trump himself but his namesake, Donald, Jr., whose emails confirming Russian support for his father and meddling in the election present such low hanging evidentiary fruit that even Jeffrey Beauregard Sessions III could pick them,  Takei wrote.The emails, released by Junior in advance of a damning story by the Times, no doubt in a vain attempt to blunt the story s impact or at least divert its media coverage, has had something of the opposite effect. Importantly, Junior also had copied then-campaign manager Paul Manafort and Jared Kushner on his response, indicating that the campaign s senior staff were willing to accept damaging information on the Democratic opponent from a foreign hostile state. Their subsequent attendance of the meeting confirmed this. In attendance at the meeting itself was not only a lawyer from the Russian government but also a known Russian counterintelligence officer. The story grows, and darkens. This email string thus comprises the first direct evidence of coordination between the campaign and the Russians, but unlikely the last.In light of these damning revelations, Takei wrote a poem to commemorate Trump Jr s crimes against the United States.Lest there be any confusionDon Jr. has dispelled the illusionHis emails revealedWhat they thought was concealedNow he s gonna do time for collusionTakei went on to point out that on the very same day of the meeting, Trump wrote a speech about how Russia has a  blackmail file  on Clinton, and delivered it later that same month along with a plea to Russian hackers to continue attacking her and the DNC in search of emails.Takei couldn t resist taking note of the irony of it all.The president, in tepid defense of his son, remarked that Junior is a  good boy,  a  high-quality person,  and that he applauds his  transparency.  I can t but help think the president probably wishes that level of transparency would render Junior invisible right about now. For with now another member of his immediate family caught up in the Russia investigation, and the curious timing of his speeches, it becomes increasingly implausible that all this was happening without the president s knowledge.And what poetic irony it would be if Trump s downfall resulted from emails.Indeed, it would not only be  poetic irony,  but poetic justice as well.Featured Image: Frederick M. Brown/Getty Images
RTOne of the most visible members of the armed militia that took over a wildlife refuge in Oregon says his four foster sons were taken away due to his involvement in the standoff, and he blames the federal government who  must have gotten to the governor. Robert  LaVoy  Finicum and his wife Jeanette have fostered more than 50 boys over the last decade at their ranch near Chino Valley, Arizona. The couple is licensed and has a care contract with the Catholic Charities Community Services. Many of the children came from mental hospitals, drug rehabs and group homes for emotionally distressed youth, he told Oregon Public Broadcasting (OPB). IMAGE: Robert  LaVoy  Finicum. My ranch has been a great tool for these boys,  Finicum said.  It has done a lot of good. He traveled to Oregon to take part in the takeover of the Malheur National Wildlife Refuge at the beginning of January, leaving Jeanette to care for the four boys. But now the Finicums have no more fosters to care for.A social worker began removing the last four of the family s foster kids on January 4, the fourth day of the Oregon standoff. The last left five days later, he said. They didn t go out at the same time,  Finicum said.  One was there for a year, one of the boys was there six months, another eight months, and a month. I don t know where they ended up. He blamed the kids  removals on pressure from the feds. They were ripped from my wife,  Finicum said.  We are very successful [foster parents]. Our track records are good, it s been a good relationship. [Federal authorities] must have gotten to the governor, who told the state to get them out of there. Continue this story at RTREAD MORE HAMMOND RANCH NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Hammond Ranch Files
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. lawmakers are expected to pass a large aid package for victims of Hurricane Harvey, but specifics of the plan and its price tag are unclear as Congress awaits a funding request from the Trump administration. Rain continued to pound Houston and the Gulf Coast on Monday as President Donald Trump said he expected rapid federal action to help fund a costly recovery. He plans to visit Texas on Tuesday to see storm-hit areas. “We’re dealing with Congress. As you know it’s going to be a very expensive situation,” he told reporters in the White House. Historic flooding from Harvey, which came ashore in Texas last week as a powerful Category 4 hurricane and is now a tropical storm, has killed at least seven people in Texas and was expected to drive 30,000 from their homes. Wall Street analysts estimated insured losses of up to $20 billion, making Harvey one of the costliest storms in history for U.S. insurers. After past disasters, Congress approved billions of dollars in funds to help with relief and recovery, but in recent years, fiscal conservatives have raised questions about costs. Congress will return next week from summer vacation, with the hurricane complicating an already difficult fiscal situation with the federal budget and Trump’s Mexican border wall proposal. Current government funding runs out on Sept. 30. Congress must approve a measure to keep the government funded and prevent a shutdown. Trump threatened last week to shut down the government if Congress did not agree to $1.6 billion in funding to start building his proposed wall on the U.S.-Mexico border. Harvey “will increase the pressure on Washington to not shut down the government, but it also makes the September 30 package more cumbersome and complicated,” Chris Krueger, policy analyst at financial firm Cowen & Co, said in a research note. Asked if Harvey made him reconsider his shutdown threat, Trump said: “It has nothing to do with it, really. I think this is separate. This is going to go really very, very quickly.” Congressional Republicans have not spelled out their plan for dealing with the budget and a related, must-pass increase in the federal debt ceiling. Some aides and analysts have speculated that those issues might be swept into a single piece of legislation, possibly including Harvey aid.  House of Representatives Democratic leader Nancy Pelosi said on Monday that “Republicans must be ready to join Democrats in passing a timely relief bill.” Federal Emergency Management Agency Administrator Brock Long said more than 450,000 people were expected to seek disaster assistance because of catastrophic flooding. “We will help those affected by this terrible disaster. The first step in that process is a formal request for resources from the administration,” said AshLee Strong, spokeswoman for House Speaker Paul Ryan. A Senate Republican aide said it was too soon to say what was needed. “The committee is monitoring the situation in Texas closely,” said Chris Gallegos, a spokesman for the Republican majority on the Senate Appropriations Committee. There is only about $3.3 billion in the federal disaster relief fund. Congress approved $62.3 billion in aid after Hurricane Katrina devastated Gulf Coast communities and flooded New Orleans in 2005. Texas Republican Representative Pete Sessions told MSNBC he expected lawmakers to back any aid package as long as it was not bloated beyond the needed storm response. Some conservatives have balked in the past at authorizing money for disaster relief. In 2005, then-Indiana Republican Representative Mike Pence, now vice president, called on the floor of the House for “offsetting” money spent on Katrina relief with cutbacks elsewhere. Almost the entire Texas delegation - including Sessions and Republican Senator Ted Cruz - opposed the $50.5 billion aid package that Congress approved three months after Hurricane Sandy hit New Jersey and New York in 2012. Opponents argued that the Sandy package funded things unrelated to the disaster.       “The Sandy relief bill had more pork in it than a bacon factory,” said Representative Blake Farenthold, a Republican who represents Corpus Christi, which was hit hard by Harvey. Republican Representative Pete King of New York said in a Twitter message on Monday: “I won’t abandon Texas the way Ted Cruz did New York.” 
JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israeli officials welcomed on Friday what they took as U.S. consent to expand existing settlements, after the White House reversed a long-standing policy of condemning building on occupied land. In its first substantive announcement on the Israeli-Palestinian conflict, the Trump administration said it did not see existing settlements hampering peace with the Palestinians, although it recognized that “expansion of existing settlements beyond their current borders may not be helpful in achieving that goal.” At one level, that appeared to be an attempt to rein in Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, who has announced wide-ranging settlement expansion plans since the Jan. 20 inauguration, including around 6,000 new homes. But on closer reading, the statement was a softening of policy from the Obama administration and even that of George W. Bush, because it does not view settlements as an obstacle to peace or rule out their expansion within existing blocs. “Netanyahu will be happy,” a senior Israeli diplomat said in a text message. “Pretty much carte blanche to build as much as we want in existing settlements as long as we don’t enlarge their physical acreage. No problem there.” Israel’s deputy foreign minister, Tzipi Hotovely from the right-wing of Netanyahu’s Likud party, interpreted it in a similar way, saying construction in the occupied West Bank and East Jerusalem, which the Palestinians want for their own state together with Gaza, would go on unhindered. “It is also the opinion of the White House that settlements are not an obstacle to peace and, indeed, they have never been an obstacle to peace,” she said. “Therefore, the conclusion is that more building is not the problem.” Israel seized the West Bank and East Jerusalem in the 1967 Middle East war. The 50th anniversary of the occupation, which Israel marks as a reunification of Jerusalem, is in June.  There was no immediate comment from the Palestinians. Since taking office, President Trump has largely kept quiet on the Israeli-Palestinian issue, making no comment in response to Netanyahu’s announcements for thousands more settler homes, a silence interpreted as endorsement. During the campaign, Trump said he would not interfere or push Israel to negotiate on a two-state solution to the conflict. He has nominated David Friedman as ambassador to Israel, a religious Jew who has raised money for the settlements and supports moving the U.S. embassy from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem. Trump supported that idea during the election campaign, but it has been put on the back-burner in recent weeks. Under Barack Obama, the White House maintained a firm anti-settlements line, calling them illegitimate and an obstacle to peace. Most of the world considers settlements illegal under international law, a position Israel rejects. The European Union and Britain issued statements this week criticizing Netanyahu’s settlement plans, which they see as further breaking up the West Bank and undermining the possibility of a contiguous Palestinian state ever emerging. Netanyahu, who will visit Trump in Washington on Feb. 15, may see the White House statement as doubly beneficial. As well as not ruling out building within existing blocs, which Israel hopes to retain in any final agreement with the Palestinians, it may allow him to silence far-right voices in his own coalition calling for much greater settlement growth and annexation of parts of the West Bank.  Trump has effectively set a limit on how far-ranging settlement-building can be, so Netanyahu will be able to tell the far-right their ambitions are out of the question. At the same time, Netanyahu may have to curtail some of the plans he himself has announced in recent days. While most of the 6,000 settler homes he has promised are in existing blocs, many are not and may have to be scrapped if he wants to adhere to the White House line. He may also have to rethink a pledge this week to build the first new West Bank settlement since the 1990s. 
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The economy, terrorism and healthcare ranked as the top three concerns facing Americans casting ballots in Tuesday’s presidential election, according to an early reading from the Reuters/Ipsos Election Day poll. The poll of about 35,000 people found that 25 percent of voters picked the economy as the “most important problem.”. Another 14 percent named “terrorism/terrorist attacks” and 13 percent picked healthcare. By contrast, the economy was the No. 1 concern for 46 percent of American voters in 2012, according to the Reuters/Ipsos national tracking poll four years ago. Almost nobody listed terrorism as a top concern in 2012, and 8 percent listed healthcare as the top worry. A signature Trump issue, immigration, was chosen by 7 percent of voters as the most important issue in Tuesday’s poll. The poll reading will be updated as more poll responses are tallied and more votes are counted across the country. 
COX S BAZAR, Bangladesh (Reuters) - Twelve-year-old Nur Hafes would rather be in school or playing football with friends at home in Myanmar. Instead, he waits by the road in Palong Khali refugee camp in southern Bangladesh, looking for visitors who might give him money for his family.  Sole breadwinner for seven younger siblings and his mother since they arrived at the camp in Cox s Bazar two months ago, Nur spends his days watching for Muslim clerics who distribute money collected at mosques for the refugees.  Opening a brown umbrella, Nur offers to shade the visitors from the blazing sun, which can bring in a little extra cash for food and supplies. (Click reut.rs/2AtT2uy for photo essay on Nur Hafes and his family.)    Sometimes I get 50 or 100 taka and some days I come back empty-handed,  Nur said, holding up a 50-taka ($0.60) note he received from a donor.  Nur and his family are among the more than 600,000 Rohingyas who have fled to Bangladesh since August to escape a counter-insurgency operation by the Myanmar military after attacks on security posts by Rohingya militants.  United Nations officials have described the military s actions in Myanmar s northern Rakhine state as  ethnic cleansing , an accusation the Southeast Asian nation denies.  The family left their home in Tharay Kone Yoe Dan village in Rakhine s Maungdaw township when the violence started.   The Myanmar army burnt the houses with the people inside,  said Nur s mother, Rabia Khatun.   I saw many people with gunshot wounds and heard the crackle of houses burning.   She gathered a few belongings - a blanket to protect her children from rain, identity papers and a couple of old photos - and the family fled to her parents  village, Zaw Mat Tat, south of Maungdaw.   The next day, the army showed up there, too. Her husband became upset and suddenly left. Rabia has not seen him since.  Left with eight children, six of them younger than 10, she kept going. That evening, the family took a three-hour boat journey to Shah Porir Dwip, on the Bangladesh side of the Naf River.  Now the family relies on Nur for support. He was a huge help in Myanmar, reselling produce in their village market that his father had bought wholesale.  Nur and his mother said they hope he can eventually do something similar in Bangladesh, although Nur also still talks about school and football. With Nur s family huddled under a tarpaulin tent and his mother needing help to feed his siblings, the youngest two of whom suffer malnourishment, a normal child s life is not in his immediate future.  I know he is young, but he understands his responsibilities. He doesn t behave like a child anymore,  Nur s mother said.  
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump may add a visit to Saudi Arabia to a trip to Europe in May in what will be his first overseas journey since becoming president, a senior administration official said on Wednesday. Such a trip is “being discussed,” the official said, speaking on condition of anonymity. Trump is already planning to attend a NATO summit in Brussels on May 25 and travel to Sicily for a Group of Seven leaders’ summit scheduled for May 26-28. Defense Secretary James Mattis was in Riyadh on Wednesday meeting with senior Saudi officials. He said he hopes his trip could potentially open the door for Trump to visit Saudi Arabia. Former President Barack Obama met leaders of the six-nation Gulf Cooperation Council, Saudi Arabia, Qatar, the United Arab Emirates, Kuwait, Bahrain and Oman about a year ago. Trump has made the Middle East and the fight against Islamic State a focus of his young presidency. He ordered the U.S. Navy to fire cruise missiles at a Syrian airfield after a chemical weapons attack in Syria earlier this month. Saudi Arabia’s powerful Deputy Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman met Trump in Washington in March in a visit that was touted by a senior Saudi advisor as one that hailed a “historical turning point” in U.S.-Saudi relations. [ Riyadh had an often fraught relationship with the Obama administration, especially in the wake of the 2015 Iran nuclear deal. Saudi Arabia felt the Obama administration considered Riyadh’s alliance with Washington less important than negotiating the deal to rein in Iran’s nuclear program.     White House spokesman Sean Spicer said it is possible a Trump visit to the Vatican to meet Pope Francis will be added to the schedule of his European trip. “We’ll be reaching out to the Vatican” to see if a visit can be arranged, Spicer told reporters. 
Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump refused to admit that his belief and promotion of the racist and inaccurate birther conspiracy theory was wrong. The candidate doubled down on the false idea that has been promoted by conservatives for almost a decade now in an interview with the Washington Post:In the interview, conducted late Wednesday aboard his private plane as it idled on the tarmac here, Trump suggested he is not eager to change his pitch or his positions even as he works to reach out to minority voters, many of whom are deeply offended by his long-refuted suggestion that Obama is not a U.S. citizen. Trump refused to say whether he believes Obama was born in Hawaii. I ll answer that question at the right time. I just don t want to answer it yet,  Trump said.When asked about claims in the media from campaign manager Kellyanne Conway that he is no longer a birther, Trump told the paper,  It s okay. She s allowed to speak what she thinks. I want to focus on jobs, I want to focus on other things. He added,  I don t talk about it anymore. Trump has been promoting the birther conspiracy since 2011, and has never renounced it in the ensuing 5 years. He is on the verge of 2,000 straight days of supporting the conspiracy.President Barack Obama was born in Honolulu, Hawaii, on August 4, 1961. His birth there has been certified at the federal level when he was first elected to the U.S. Senate in 2004 and when he was elected President of the United States in November 2008.Despite this, as the first black president in U.S. history, conservatives have consistently pushed the idea that Obama is not a natural-born citizen and instead was born in Kenya, where his father is from. The story is completely false, but has been a running theme in conservative politics.Trump was the most prominent and well-known person pushing the conspiracy theory, and even since running for president, has never renounced nor condemned it.Featured image via Flickr
FBI files reveal missing email  boxes  in Clinton case, allegations of evidence tamperingBuried in the 189 pages of heavily redacted FBI witness interviews from the Hillary Clinton email investigation are details of yet another mystery   about two missing  bankers boxes  filled with the former secretary of state s emails.The interviews released earlier this month, known as 302s, also reveal the serious allegation that senior State Department official Patrick Kennedy applied pressure to subordinates to change the classified email codes so they would be shielded from Congress and the public.The details about the boxes are contained in five pages of the FBI file   with a staggering 111 redactions   that summarize the statements of a State Department witness who worked in the  Office of Information Programs and Services (IPS).  The employee told the FBI that,  Initially, IPS officials were told there were 14 bankers boxes of former Secretary of State Hillary CLINTON s emails at CLINTON s Friendship Heights office.  Friendship Heights is a neighborhood that straddles the Northwest neighborhood of the District of Columbia and Maryland.The State Department witness further explained to the FBI that  on or about December 5, 2014, IPS personnel picked up only 12 bankers boxes of CLINTON s emails from Williams & Connolly. The officials were not sure if the boxes  were consolidated or what could have happened to the two other boxes.  Clinton s chief lawyer at Williams & Connolly, who leads all Clinton-related legal matters, is David Kendall. He has successfully represented Bill and Hillary Clinton together and separately throughout decades of their legal entanglements since the 1980 s, ranging from the former president s sex scandals to missing billing records for Hillary Clinton s work as a partner in The Rose Law Firm on behalf of the failed Madison Guaranty Savings and Loan and Capital Management Services.In the documents provided by Kendall s law firm, the witness told the FBI they were  unable to locate any of her emails from January-April 2009.  This timeframe is crucial as it covers the start of Clinton s term as secretary of state and when she set up a private server for all government business, in turn skirting public records laws.Read more: FOX News
Yes, another brain freeze moment from Nancy Pelosi Why does she do this to herself? She continues to be the poster child for term limits!Comedian James Corden challenged Pelosi to say something nice about several prominent Republicans but he asked last about Trump Say one nice thing about Paul Ryan,  Corden said, holding up a picture of the Speaker of the House.After some awkward silence, Pelosi acknowledged that Ryan is  a gentleman. Corden followed up with Ted Cruz. Memorized the Constitution,  Pelosi said.  That s a good thing. It s a good thing, it s not a nice thing about him,  Corden persisted. Ok, Ted Cruz, good father,  Pelosi replied. Ok, time for the big dog,  Corden said, pulling out a picture of Trump.  Is there one nice thing you can say about Donald Trump? Flag pin,  Pelosi said, pointing to the pin on Trump s lapel. I don t know that that counts,  Corden said,  That s not about Donald Trump, he probably didn t even put that on himself. Is there one nice thing you can say about Donald Trump?  he repeated.Several seconds later, Pelosi replied:  I hope so. I hope I can. But not today?  Corden said. President,  Pelosi said after another long pause.  He s president. You can t think of one nice thing to say about him?  Corden prodded. He s nice to me,  Pelosi said. Is he? Is he respectful?  Corden said. Yeah, respectful,  Pelosi said. Read more: American Mirror
DUBAI (Reuters) - Five Bahraini policemen were lightly injured in a  terrorist explosion  outside the capital Manama on Monday, the state news agency reported. The agency said the blast occurred in the village of Daih on Budaiya road while the policemen were guarding a procession by Shi ite Muslims marking the annual Ashura festival, which commemorates the death of Prophet Mohammad s grandson Imam Hussein some 1400 years ago. The agency quoted the interior ministry as saying on its Twitter account that  the necessary steps  were being taken, without giving any details. The explosion was the latest in a series of attacks targeting policemen in the Western-allied country, where the U.S. Fifth Fleet is based.  The government blames the attacks on Shi ite militants it says are backed by Iran to destabilize the country, a charge Tehran denies. In June, a member of Bahrain s security forces was killed in an explosion in the village of Diraz, the hometown of the spiritual leader of the country s Shi ite community Ayatollah Isa Qassim. The interior ministry blamed  terrorists  for the attack. 
Stadium worker Erich Nikischer quit his job at New Era Field after almost 30 years. I waited until the National Anthem ended, I took off my shirt, threw my Bills hat on the ground, walked out,  Nikischer said in a sit-down interview with Channel 2 at his West Seneca home.Nikischer says he has no problem with players protesting before the National Anthem. It s when the kneeling continued into the song that strong feelings took over. During the National Anthem the song that is about our country, our veterans that fight and die for us, it s just something I feel you shouldn t disrespect that way,  he said.  I believe people have the right to protest; I just don t believe that s the proper venue for it. He s not alone in that latter sentiment. Safety Jordan Poyer s fianc  says that s how the couple feels, and that Saturday night, they decided he wouldn t partake in an on the field protest. I feel like there s a certain time or place where you should make a stand for something, and we both agree that it s not in your workforce, your work field,  Rachel Bush said.  So yeah, I agree there s something that should be done, but we both mutually don t agree that it should be done during their work during their football season. Nikischer said it was a hard decision, and that he will miss those he worked with. I will never step foot in that place again, I will never watch an NFL football game again until this ends,  Nikischer said.Watch his interview here: WGRZ
ADEN (Reuters) - The Saudi-led coalition fighting in Yemen said on Wednesday it would keep the Houthi-controlled Hodeidah port, vital for aid, open for a month despite a fresh missile attack against Riyadh, but it kept up air raids that killed at least nine people. The Western-backed coalition, which controls Yemen s airspace and port access, said last month it would allow humanitarian relief through Hodeidah following a nearly three-week blockade imposed because of a missile attack toward the Saudi capital s international airport. The Saudis say the Red Sea port, which is Yemen s main entry point for food and humanitarian supplies, is also a hub used by the Houthis to bring in weapons, which it accuses Iran of supplying. Tehran denies the charges. On Wednesday, the coalition confirmed it would keep access open to the port despite another missile attack at Riyadh on Tuesday by the Houthis which Saudi forces also intercepted.   Keen to maintain humanitarian aid to the brotherly Yemeni people and as a result of intensified inspection measures, the coalition command announces that Hodeidah port will remain open for humanitarian and relief supplies,  the coalition said in a statement carried by Saudi state news agency SPA on Wednesday. The Saudi ambassador to Sanaa said the coalition would also allow the provision of four cranes to the port to boost aid deliveries to the war-damaged country. The ambassador, Mohammed al-Jaber, who was speaking in a televised news conference, did not give details on how the cranes would be delivered.  Earlier this year, the United Nations said the coalition turned back four cranes the United States donated to the World Food Programme to boost aid operations at Hodeidah.  The cranes would have replaced parts of the port s infrastructure destroyed by coalition air strikes in August 2015, damage that forced ships to line up offshore because they could not be unloaded. The coalition said ships bringing in fuel and food would also be allowed to enter for another 30 days while proposals made by the United Nations envoy to Yemen were implemented, it added. The agency did not elaborate on the proposals. But the coalition has been demanding that a U.N. inspection regime agreed in 2015 be further tightened to prevent weapons from reaching the Houthis. SALMAN-TRUMP CALL Saudi state news agency SPA said King Salman discussed in a telephone call with U.S. President Donald Trump ways  to hold the Iranian regime accountable for its hostile acts and its involvement in supplying the Houthi militia with missiles to threaten the security of the kingdom and the region . The White House later confirmed the call and said the two leaders  agreed on the importance of reinvigorating a political process to end the war in Yemen  and that the king briefed Trump on a Saudi plan  to alleviate the humanitarian crisis  caused by the conflict. Tuesday s missile attack took place as the Houthis marked 1,000 days since the coalition intervened in the Yemen war in March 2015 to try to restore President Abd-Rabbu Mansour Hadi after a Houthi advance on his base in Aden forced him to flee. Saudi Arabia said that since the war began the Houthis had fired 83 ballistic missiles toward the kingdom. More than 10,000 people have been killed and a humanitarian crisis unleashed in a conflict which has intensified since former President Ali Abdullah Saleh was killed on Dec. 4. Coalition forces, which are supported by the United States and Britain, meanwhile launched fresh air strikes overnight.  Residents said at least nine members of the same family, including at least five children, were killed in one air strike which hit their home in Wadi Khair in southern Yemen s Shabwa province. Coalition aircraft have been providing air support for southern fighters and pro-government troops as part of a push to clear the Houthis from Shabwa and the family were killed in an apparently mistaken attack. Residents also reported that coalition aircraft bombed a new parliament chamber, part of a government compound being built in Sanaa, causing damage but no casualties. The coalition had no immediate comment on the report but says it does not target civilians. Similar air strikes in which civilian homes, markets and hospitals were hit are recurrent in Yemen. On Monday, eight women and two children from the same family died when war planes struck a vehicle returning from a wedding party in Marib, east of Sanaa. 
Shawn Helton 21st Century WireThe 1994 cult film Natural Born Killers, is an examination of media manipulation, archetypal psychology and the violence embedded within American pop culture.Although it s been more than two decades since Natural Born Killers (NBK) first shocked viewers with its adrenaline fueled brutality, biting satire and darkly ironic media montages, the enigmatic picture s overall depiction of the American media complex is just as effective today.  CHAOS ROAD    Mickey and Mallory Knox are depraved icons in the twisted world of NBK. (Photo illustration: Shawn Helton)On the film s jarring surface, we see Micky (portrayed by Woody Harrelson) and Mallory Knox (Juliet Lewis) metaphorically reborn (from their violent past) as outlaw-lovers embarking on a psychopathic cross country murder spree   but as well come to find out, there s much more to this psychologically challenging piece of cinema.Over the years, NBK has seen comparisons to Hollywood crime classics such as the Badlands (1973), Bonnie and Clyde (1967), the serial killer  mockumentary , Man Bites Dog (1992), as well as the dystopian mind-bender, A Clockwork Orange (1971). NBK has also been thematically linked to Network (1976), another motion picture with a scathing appraisal of mass media, as well as the 1960 s road-film Easy Rider (1969), and the strikingly similar dark thriller Kalifornia (1993), which also starred Juliet Lewis playing a near identical role.In many ways, much of the media driven subtext of NBK has never seemed more relevant than now, as the film recognized mass media s growing obsession with violence and trashy entertainment all at once. The film also acknowledged the public s fixation with reality TV in all of its incarnations, perhaps envisaging the multi platform information craze in the age of social media.To this day, the Oliver Stone directed controversial feature Natural Born Killers (Based on a story by Quentin Tarantino) remains a harsh critique of American media and pop culture, as it casts a spotlight on the lurid agitprop used to steer public perception through various forms of infotainment.Over the course of this analysis, we ll explore some of the underlying aspects of Natural Born Killers, as well as contextualize its relation to real-life violence seen in the modern era   CULT OF PERSONALITY    Natural Born Killers reflects the heartless transformation of mass media.On The Road: Tragedy & SatireFrom the outset, sight, sound and mood take precedence over a traditional narrative structure throughout NBK. The film begins with a roadside montage of predatory animals (coyote, eagle rattlesnake) struggling to survive while Leonard Cohen s classic song  Waiting for the Miracle  slowly fades in creeping along to the foreboding imagery. The sequence subliminally conjures the all too familiar eugenics based  survival of the fittest  axiom   something which reflects the ruinous and fractured socio-political environment that has become so pervasive in modern America.All the while, the action shifts dramatically from grainy black-and-white footage of America s Southwest, to a red filtered glow, then back to full color, as elliptical-style editing (as well as cross-cutting and parallel) sets the tone for the illusory motion picture magnified by its tension inducing dutch-style camera angles.18 different film formats were used to create NBK in addition to many unusual lighting techniques   everything from black-and-white to dusty old 8mm, to 16mm, to 35mm stock, to CCTV video and animation.  DINE & DASH    NBK sees Mickey Knox on a quest to become Nietzsche s  Overman. When the establishing sequence of NBK finally settles inside the 5 to 2 Cafe, we see a television rapidly changing channel to channel   going from the all-american series Leave It to Beaver, to 77 Sunset Strip, a late 1950 s secret agent crime drama, to the resignation speech of President Richard Nixon, which is juxtaposed against an old horror film relic featuring Boris Karloff.The short panning shot is emblematic of America s dark evolution during the 20th century and serves as a stark bell weather for the rest the high paced surreal picture. In fact, strategically placed images, products and objects are seen throughout the entirety of NBK, evoking a strong emotional response in the viewer   bringing to mind the psychology behind propaganda.   DAEMON    Subliminal dissolves bring a mystical depth to NBK.In the movie s first scene, the camera slips across the cafe, sliding past a character later revealed to be Owen Traft (Arliss Howard), who is a guardian angel or daemon, linked to the Knox pair. Traft vanishes before our eyes (Traft is later seen in the film s prison break sequence) while reading a newspaper about the highway  666  murders, prefiguring the dark media frenzy soon to envelop the Knox outlaws.Celebrating after a fresh deer kill, a pack of foul-mouthed cowboys file into the 5 to 2 Cafe. We then see Mickey order a key lime pie, as his partner in crime Mallory, looking part prostitute, part Pocahontas, seductively dances to the jukebox. Mickey surveys the room and a bright toxic green is contrasted against some of the action within the scene. While some green tones traditionally have a calming restorative quality, the kind used in NBK denotes a sickness inside the mind.  SPIRIT ANIMAL    NBK s cafe cowboys run over a scorpion on the road, impacting their  fate  when facing Mallory and her quasi-totem.Shortly thereafter, Mallory challenges one of the boozed-up misogynistic buckaroos to hand to hand combat just as L7 s Shit List kicks in on the jukebox. The cafe scene erupts into chaos as the soon-to-be famous fugitives dispatch all but one person (the pinball cowboy) in the roadside cafe. The pinball cowboy is kept alive to tell the tale of Mickey and Mallory, in a twisted version of the counting game Eeny, meeny, miny, moe.Following the murderous cafe ruckus, the Knoxes ride out into the desert as wild dissolves intertwine with projected news clippings, images of past crimes and the Hydra myth in the form of a monster flick clip. Additionally, there s a musical schizophrenia to NBK, with a collection of modern and classic songs intermixed with fragmented and atmospheric snippets, signifying a faded, yet stitched together memory in the Trent Reznor/Jane Hamsher selected soundtrack.Later on during a roadside pit stop, Mallory invokes the Book of Revelations and the Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse, as she describes seeing a vision of Mickey riding a red (war) horse, while suggesting the star-crossed lovers might be fallen angels. At that same moment, a floating image of a multi-armed Mallory is seen in the sky, bringing to mind the devouring Hindu goddess Kali.  CUPID S REVENGE    NBK s dingy satire of TV sitcoms of old in  I Love Mallory  serves as a dysfunctional backdrop to Mickey and Mallory s hard-edged romance.Oedipal, Electra & the Hidden OrderContinuing by the roadside, the scene drifts into a dream sequence/flashback in the form of a 1950 s style sitcom parody entitled  I Love Mallory.  Here we see Mallory s dysfunctional family completely controlled by her abusive and incestuous father Ed Wilson (Rodney Dangerfield). The scene is an inversion of the soft TV sitcoms dominating the airwaves in real-life, as the lecherous Wilson unleashes a disturbing diatribe amid a background laugh-track.During the same scene, a deliveryman named Mickey enters the frame, falling in love with Mallory at first sight. Mickey leaves with Mallory and in the process steals Ed s car. Later, Mickey is arrested and imprisoned, managing to escape from a prison work farm during a tornado. NBK s tornado prison break, may be seen as a reference to the classic film The Wizard of Oz  a storm system which forever alters Mickey s future world.Mickey and Mallory return to the Wilson residence, seeking revenge on Mallory s father and mother, in what could be seen as a loose interpretation of the dark lyrical finish to the enigmatic song The End by The Doors. The Wilson s are murdered in a shocking home invasion scene and the house is set ablaze, while Mallory s brother Kevin (Sean Stone) is set free during the inferno.With each new set of kills, Mickey and Mallory grow closer and after their demented Oedipal/Electra complex resolution at the Wilson residence, the two get hitched in a blood ritual ceremony filmed on the scenic Rio Grande Gorge Bridge in Taos, New Mexico. Here Mickey proclaims the couple s  marriage  is sanctified because he is the god of his world, conjuring Friedrich Nietzsche s Overman concept, as well as a Apollonian/Dionysian influence within the killer s process.In an analysis entitled,  The Dionysian and the Apollonian in Nietzsche: The Birth of Tragedy,  by Alexander Gatherer of Cardiff University, we are provided a more detailed look at both the Apollonian and Dionysian philosophical concepts: The opposing concepts of the Dionysian (hereon DI) and Apollonian (hereon AP) are central themes within Nietzsche s first major work, The Birth of Tragedy (hereon BT). His contemplation of such opposing forces of nature are primarily used to analyse Greek culture in general, and Greek art in particular, stating that its role in Greek attic tragedy places these plays at Greece s cultural pinnacle. Continuing, Gatherer s essay analyzes critical aspects of AP and DI: Nietzsche s concepts of the AP and DI, along with the entirety of BT, were not well received initially: the author himself called the book  badly written, ponderous, embarrassing, image-mad and image-confused  (Sweet, 1999, p.49). However, the ideas have left a notable legacy and are still discussed in matters of ethics, politics and art. Indeed, Michael Motta (1991) likens the opposing forces to mental illness, stating how stages of mania in bipolar artists can be likened to that of the DI ( The urge to create is great, but the ability to step back, to control the process is reduced ), with depressive phases linked to the AP ( Critique and reflection take precedence over impulsivity, inhibition holds sway over exhibitionism ). With this in mind, we can interpret Mickey and Mallory s unresolved tension between AP and DI, as a philosophical reason for their dissent into madness.Although in Stone s view, Mickey and Mallory are tragically flawed because of a failed system, which frames the prison system, the police system and mass media, as the true American criminals. However, this ideological stance of the film is itself a false paradigm stuck in a social justice vortex, while masked in Carl Jung s rebel archetype   pointing to Stone s sometimes radical political perspective.Returning to NBK, we see Mickey and Mallory make a blood pact and exchange snake rings presented by Mickey, who is connected to the reptilian realm via his Caduceus chest tattoo. At significant points during NBK, snake imagery is observed, recalling the occult and mythological associations of the serpent. Additionally, there seems to be a Shiva/serpent attachment linked to Mickey as a counterpart to Mallory s Kali connection, with an underlying current of the symbol of immortality, Ouroboros. Other distorted biblical themes are also echoed during NBK, such as the Book of Genesis and the Garden of Eden  exemplified by Mickey s assisted escape from prison by a rattlesnake.Many associations are often seen throughout NBK, which reflect a deeper archetypal presence contained within the film.In Anton Ehrenzweig s The Hidden Order of Art, we can explore a deeper analysis of the unconscious mind   many elements that relate to the main characters in NBK: Some evidence of creative work and poemagogic phantasy points to incomplete superego maturation as an important source of mental illness. The ego has not absorbed the death instinct into the mute workings of the creative process so that self-destruction goes rampant to destroy entire itself. In other words, Mickey and Mallory lack any mature ethical component, which leads to their shared self-destructive psychosis, which in turn, is acted out in their murderous rage. Ehrenzweig, coined the phrase poemagogic, which is interpreted as an aspect emblematic of inducing the ego s creativity in a layered dream state. The nightmare/dream state of Mickey and Mallory visually comes to life in the strewn together time-worn scenes of NBK, like fragmented vitriolic memories.  BLOOD BOND    A ritualistic roadside marriage filmed on the Rio Grande Gorge Bridge.Media Made Political AgitatorsWhen NBK continues, all of the berserker-like chaos is captured by Wayne Gale (Robert Downey Jr.), a ratings consumed tabloid host on the fictitious television series American Maniacs. A show which obsessively covers the violent action of Mickey and Mallory at any cost. Gale is an amalgam of Australian TV s investigative host Steve Dunleavy and the long time reporter and talk show host Geraldo Rivera.American Maniacs uses the image of cult leader Charles Manson, University of Texas shooter Charles Whitman, and the sadistic killer Richard Ramirez during its credits, setting the tone for a sordid crime show reminiscent of The Current Affair and Hard Copy. NBK s representation of popular true crime programming, gives the film another disturbing art imitates life layer. In one scene, Gale describes the targeted killing of several law enforcement officers at the hands of the Knoxes   which ironically, reflects many real-life crimes we see plastered across today s headlines in America.All in all, American Maniacs very well could have been a template for the seedy video-stringer film Night Crawler, while packaged in the marketing gloss of American Gladiators. In a world of news makers, Gale says  repetition works,  and when questioned over reusing reenacted death scenes by producers, he callously exclaims do you think those nitwits out there in zombieland remember anything.  This is where we see Gale s mind warping programming taking shape for maximum psychological impact.This is what Stone s film is truly about, showcasing the often cold-hearted and calculating nature of mass media s carefully engineered narrative.With media analysis in mind, we might also consider this passage from Cult of Distraction in The Mass Ornament by film theorist, sociologist and writer, Siegfried Kracauer: Here, in pure externality, the audience encounters itself; its own reality is revealed in the fragmented sequence of splendid sense impressions. Were this reality to remain hidden from the viewers, they could neither attack nor change it; its disclosure in distraction is therefore of moral significance. Whether its banal programming intermixed with mass media s terror lens, the viewer has a choice to accept the media manipulated distractions at wholesale or attempt to unpack them through critical thinking, questioning the very nature of reportage.   AMERICAN MANIAC    Gale s American Maniacs glorifies tragedy for ratings.As NBK moves forward, we see the media trail and trial of Mickey and Mallory after the duo has been taken into custody. In a mockumentary style scene centered around super-fans and tacit supporters of the Knoxes, there s a decidedly social justice flair to a series of fictitious man on the street interviews.The whole segment relates to various political agitator groups that we see today   like Occupy Wall Street (OWS) and the controversial identity focused activism of Black Lives Matter (BLM), as well as the FBI and the CIA s various counter-intelligence programs from the 1960 s and 1970 s. Both OWS and BLM alliances, are neo-liberal think-tank/NGO designed gatherings, meant to divide and control participants over class, identity and other socio-political concerns.NBK s court house scene featuring fervid  group-think  supporters, could be seen as another signal of social strife in America at the turn of the century   marked pointedly by the polarizing corruption of the 1992 L.A. riots, the gross federal negligence of both the Ruby Ridge incident and the Waco siege, as well as the heavily publicized Menendez murder case (the strange and salacious trials of Lorena Bobbit and Tonya Harding) and the show trial of O.J. Simpson, an all-time ratings bonanza   not counting the 95 million who watched Simpson s car chase on live TV.Interestingly though, the choreographed bombing of the World Trade Center (1993) carried out by FBI handlers and federal informants, was a curiously under reported event at the time. Which could be a reason for its absence from the media montages seen throughout NBK.The volatility of the 1990 s, proved to be an ideal backdrop for NBK, a picture made during a wave of high-profile sensationalized crime. MOTEL MAYHEM    The murderous  bride and groom  conjuring the death of Mickey s innocence at the Lodge. Later on in NBK, with symbols fully on display, we see close camera shots of the pair s tattoos   Mickey s light and dark Yin and Yang symbol and crudely drawn Christ-like tattoo are contrasted against Mallory s scorpion ink, as they ride along to abduct a hostage. As they make their way to the neon-lit Log Cabin Lodge, there very well could be a subtle reference to Freemasonary, when we witness the ritualistic behaviour shown at the  Lodge.  Stylistically, the motel resembles something out of the macabre cinematic world of David Lynch.In the background while Mickey and Mallory are on the motel bed, projected images on a window pane range from clips of raging dictatorships, to a young Mickey haunted by his father s suicide and a pale horse   recalling the book of revelations once again. All of this takes place while a violent torture scene from the Hollywood film Scarface (written by Oliver Stone) plays out on the TV in front of their hostage.When love turns dark, Mickey and Mallory argue as time-lapse imagery of a Pray Mantis is seen   symbolizing the need for contemplation during their chaos. The two separate briefly, as shamanic chanting cascades over their turbulent night crimes with visions of terror projected onto the sides of buildings.Whether its quick cut edits of opposing and often disturbing montages mixing vitriolic live action, clever special effects, absurdly horror filled projections or startling animated graphics reminiscent of Pink Floyd s The Wall  NBK is a conceptual master work.As the hallucinogenic and often kinetic film progresses, a massive manhunt for the deranged Knoxes is launched by Detective Jack  Super Cop  Scagnetti, a masochistic vigilante law-man (Tom Sizemore) who has his own repressed demons to contend with, which manifest in his psychotic behavior towards prostitutes.We later learn that Scagnetti s mother was gunned down by the infamous shooter Charles Whitman at the University of Texas in 1966.  ROADSIDE SHAMAN    The Knoxes come face to face with themselves during Red Cloud s vision.Shifting mood once again, we hear the haunting piano-driven History Repeats Itself  by A.O.S, (named after the 60 s counterculture chemist and sound engineer, Augustus Owsley Stanley III) which atmospherically plays in the background as Mickey and Mallory high on hallucinogens, are lost, out of gas and at odds with one another. This is the first time Mallory questions Mickey and nature of events that led to her becoming a spree killer.While looking for gas, the Knoxes approach Red Cloud and his grandson, first passing by Jacob (four-horned) sheep, revealing another biblical reference with the presence of the rare breed of sheep guardians. This is another significant scene in NBK, as the sovereign Oglala Lakota activist Russell Means, adds unique depth to the sequence playing the Navajo, Warren Red Cloud (perhaps a reference to US Marine Mitchell Red Cloud).Once inside Red Cloud s hut, the inner turmoil of the Knoxes is exposed. We then learn that Red Cloud served in the Vietnam War, reminding one of the staged Gulf of Tonkin false flag that led to the war. The Gulf of Tonkin Resolution, which granted President Lyndon B. Johnson the ability to militarily engage in a full-scale conflict with North Vietnam, was made possible due to the fabrication of a crime.During the latter half of the Vietnam War, the development of controversial counter-terrorism techniques was at the utmost importance for then Director of the CIA, William Colby. One such program materialized named The Phoenix Program (Operation Phoenix), which employed various terror tactics to destabilize the North Vietnamese leadership, claiming to have eradicated the Vietcong through the use of psy-ops, extortion, the release of criminals and random targeting of civilians to achieve its aims. Some geopolitical critics believe that this template for destabilization has been used in Afganistan, Iraq, Libya and Syria in recent years.Given that Stone himself was a Vietnam veteran in the US Army, we can view that the deliberate inclusion of Red Cloud s service record was a significant aspect to the story, perhaps reflecting the false premise that the Vietnam War was based upon.  SKIN-WALKER    Mickey s inner demons come to the surface prior to killing Red Cloud.The pivotal scene with Red Cloud dramatically altered the emotionally unhinged killers, who were taken on a shamanic journey and forced to face their own reality during a cleansing ritual involving chanting, fire and snakes. Here Mickey s torment and abuse comes to the surface with vivid drug induced flashbacks and after being haunted by his past, he awakens and shoots Red Cloud. The tragic death of Red Cloud, is the first time both Mickey and Mallory feel the weight of their actions.With an axe to grind against mass murders Mickey and Mallory, Scagnetti, manages to apprehend the pair in a dramatic shootout at the Drug Zone pharmacy after they were bitten by rattlesnakes following their quasi-spiritual pilgrimage conducted by Red Cloud. While observing the Drug Zone s logo we see the Caduceus image (winged staff wrapped with two snakes) often inappropriately used in medicine, as it is said to be the conductor of the dead.  DRUG ZONE    subconscious slogans envelop Mickey in the Drug Zone shootout with police. This neon green filtered scene also represents the poisonous consumer culture, as Mickey and Mallory, drugged and snake bitten, stalk to store for anti-venom like the walking dead. Mike Smith s energetic cartoon animation is also featured, as the pharmacist ID s the pair while watching Gale s American Maniacs. Mickey revels in his newfound celebrity catching himself on TV, before he and Mallory are taken in by Scagnetti.  WATCHTOWER   Charles Whitman opened fire on the 27th story of the University of Texas clock tower on August 1st, 1966 in one of the most well-known mass shootings in American history. (Image Source: hartford courant)Scagnetti later hatches a scheme to kill Mickey and Mallory with the fast-talking neurotic Warden Dwight McClusky (Tommy Lee Jones), who plans his own twisted brand of justice inside the riotous Batonga Penitentiary. When Scagnetti s plot fails during NBK s prison riot scene, Mallory executes him in her cell.Scagnetti s fictitious link to a well-known true crime, merges the illusory world of NBK with the UT shooting, subconsciously grafting fantasy onto a traumatic event. In effect, the concept mimics the way news stories sometimes strangely and unexpectedly overlap within a blended hyper-reality of fact and fiction.In recent years, there has been a series of surreal and unreal news stories since the Smith-Mundt Act was effectively rendered obsolete by US lawmakers on July 2nd 2013, as confirmed by RT below: Until earlier this month, a longstanding federal law made it illegal for the US Department of State to share domestically the internally-authored news stories sent to American-operated outlets broadcasting around the globe. All of that changed effective July 2, when the Broadcasting Board of Governors (BBG) was given permission to let US households tune-in to hear the type of programming that has previously only been allowed in outside nations. The Smith-Mundt Act has ensured for decades that government-made media intended for foreign audiences doesn t end up on radio networks broadcast within the US. An amendment tagged onto the National Defense Authorization Act removed that prohibition this year. There has been an unprecedented increase in propaganda over the years, despite claims that the NDAA provision offered more transparency to the American public.On another note, there are other uncanny historical elements associated with NBK Fresh off his fame from the hit sitcom Cheers, Woody Harrelson was an intriguing choice to play the character Mickey Knox, as it emerged that his father Charles Harrelson, was a contract killer linked to organized crime. Charles was convicted in the murder of a grain dealer named Sam Degelia Jr in 1968. Later in 1981, he received two life sentences for the murder of US District Judge John H Wood.   THREE TRAMPS    Charles Harrelson (ID d by forensic experts on the left) is believed to be one of three arrested in Dealey Plaza after JFK s assassination in 1963. (Image Source: jfkmurdersolved)It has been stated that after a six-hour  suicidal  standoff with police in 1980, Charles, apparently  high on cocaine  admitted to killing Judge Wood, while also claiming to be involved in President John F. Kennedy s assassination.When considering the Harrelson-Kennedy connection, the 1989 book Crossfire comes to mind.Crossfire, written by the well-known researcher Jim Marrs, was also adapted for the highly controversial and successful Oliver Stone film JFK. Below is a passage from Crossfire, as it relates to the apparent Harrelson-Kennedy link: Aside from being twice convicted of murder for hire, Harrelson   the father of actor Woody Harrelson   had a long history of involvement with Dallas underworld characters linked directly to Jack Ruby. Continuing, the Crossfire also stated: The late Fort Worth graphics expert Jack White, who testified before the House Select Committee on Assassinations, already had noticed the resemblance of Harrelson to the youngest tramp. In a 1981 interview with Chuck Cook, Harrelson claimed to have the  biggest story  the reporter would ever have, when questioned about Kennedy s death. Additionally, Jo Ann Harrelson noted the  similarities  between the tramp photos and her husband. All this coupled with the fact Diane Lou Oswald (the mother of Woody), who had also been married to Charles Harrelson in Midland, Texas, made for a strange background concerning the JFK saga.Throughout 1981, more questions materialized regarding the assassination of Judge Wood in a UPI article, as Defense lawyers maintained [Charles] Harrelson was framed by police and the informant.  Charles an ex-felon, said a friend, Hampton Robinson III, who failed to show up to testify, had driven the car. He suggested someone, possibly federal agents, had planted the guns so he could be arrested. He denied telling [Department of Public Safety agent] Pagel he carried a gun. Below, in a KDFW-TV interview in 1982, Charles Harrelson back tracks somewhat on his claims of killing Kennedy   but does point directly to a larger conspiracy concerning the US government s involvement in the death of Kennedy as well as their alleged link to drug trade in America.The interview is a startling revelation, adding to the enigmatic JFK mystery and in the process   provides another strange backdrop to NBK Do you believe Lee Harvey Oswald killed President Kennedy alone   We ll get back to that   alone, without any aid from a rogue agency of the US government or at least a portion of that agency? I believe your very naive if you do.    Charles HarrelsonOn Independence Day in 1995, Charles along with two other inmates, Gary Settle and Michael Rivers, tried to escape from Atlanta Federal Penitentiary   later surrendering after warning shots were fired by guards.  ENTROPY & ECSTASY  - NBK s mass murder mayhem hits prime time TV.Fragmented Psyche, the Death Drive & Mind ControlWhen exploring the concept of Sigmund Freud s Death Drive and its relation to NBK, we should consider a thoughtful essay by Jon Mills entitled  Reflections on the Death Drive.  Here we can gain a better understanding of the tension at play within the psyche of Mickey and Mallory: Freud did not argue that death [thantos] was the only aim of life, only that it maintained a dialectical tension in juxtaposition to a life principle under the ancient command of Eros, yet the two forces of mind remained ontologically inseparable. In this relational age, the death drive appears to be a drowning man. Through this analysis, we can see the tug of war within the main characters of NBK   caught within a life and death cycle.Also observed throughout the nonlinear narrative of NBK, are the media mobs and throngs of onlookers mesmerized by the murderous duo s violent deeds during the course of the film, arguably revealing a Schadenfreude (joy derived from the misfortune of others).In essence, the abused become the abusers within the fragmented framework of NBK. This twist to the story pushes the observer into accepting and perhaps identifying with the malevolent turn of the Knoxes because of their own flawed and tragic upbringing. This reality is recognized in the rise against perceived corruption (particularly law enforcement) in the form of social justice group think.However, this is where the film purposely presents a false paradigm to those subconsciously seeking their own radical retribution   something which further fractures the viewer s perception by utilizing stereotypical patterns or in this case violent molds to excuse the rampage carried out by Mickey and Mallory Knox.This type of false paradigm forms a preconditioned response in favor of vigilantism; preventing the viewer s ability to see things in an unbiased way, which induces a type of cognitive dissonance in passive audiences, blocking one from considering a rational outlook in the aftermath of trauma.These concepts are central to understanding the nature of NBK, as it stirs questions about morality, societal behavior and the role played by both media and the public in an ongoing celebration of violence. In this sense, we can view NBK s excessive use of trauma-based imagery as statement about the modern age, a culture perpetually inundated by destructive media programming.In many ways, mind control abuse is heavily present within the topsy-turvy world of NBK. However, its presence in the film should be seen not necessarily as an indoctrination of the viewer but perhaps as a warning to those unaware of the psychic assault on their senses from all kinds of media.The film is laced with references to Dissociative Identity Disorder (DID), conjuring the CIA s mind-warping military backed program, MK-Ultra, an illegal project that used hypnosis, sensory deprivation and other forms of torture to coerce an individual psychologically. This is represented in the film s main characters, as they vacillate between periods of ultra-violent behaviour and delusional wishful daydreaming, something which reflects a complex background of abuse.Here s an in-depth ABC news documentary examining Project MK-Ultra and the role played by Scottish-American psychiatrist Donald Ewen Cameron The heart of MK-Ultra is also seen in the controversial paper entitled From PSYOP to MindWar: The Psychology of Victory , written in part by the avowed satanist Michael Aquino, a high ranking security official, who was stated to have been inspired by Lieutenant Colonel John Alexander s article on  pyschotronics,  the employment of extrasensory perception, the transmission and reception of information via the mind.NBK s use of disturbing content might be best understood through its critique of mass media and the larger role that media has played in forcing trauma-based imagery on the public in a manner similar to that of covert military projects. In other words, NBK s volatile imagery is meant to be a savage attack on media itself and should be observed as a critique on media abuse as a whole   not something that overtly supports cruelty.Other aspects of abuse are also present in NBK, whether it s Mallory s unseen abuse by her father Ed, the hostage held captive by the psychotic pair at the  Lodge  motel or Scagnetti s deranged and vile coping mechanism for his own tragic upbringing.Towards the end of the film, under a Stockholm Syndrome spell, crack reporter Gale, attempts to transform himself for the sake of Mickey and Mallory. This later leads to his demise, when he discovers he s not truly a natural born killer. We see the camera capture the action  to tell the tale  of Mickey and Mallory one more time. In the film s final surreal sequence, we see Mickey and Mallory driving in an RV as parents. The idea here is that the Knoxes represent a future society, a future nuclear family, one without traditional moral values, transformed by the death of American culture. This is something which is echoed by Leonard Cohen s song The Future at the end of the film.  PRISON BREAK    Mickey waxes poetic until a prison riot is sparked after talking to Gale. During the prison scene, Stone enlisted some 200 hardened criminals for the realistic riot scene.Cult Crimes & The Daily ShooterWhen concerning America s cult crimes, investigative journalist Maury Terry, and his book The Ultimate Evil, comes to mind. Winding down a dark and treacherous path, Terry s research uncovered the dark details about the so-called Helter Skelter killings, also known as the Tate-LaBianca murders, the  Son of Sam  shootings and other bizarre ritually crafted murders cascading across America from the 1960 s throughout the 1980 s.In an article published by Los Angeles Magazine, writer Michael Bendrix, discussed Terry s controversial book and the  web of terror  surrounding the apparent satanic ritual abuse (SRA) cult cases connected from coast to coast: Although Manson and David Berkowitz never knew each other, they both belonged at different times and on different coasts to the same umbrella satanic-cult organization, called the Process. The Process Church s dark history (splintered off from Scientology), also recalls the Temple of Set church, a reboot of Anton Levay s Church of Satan, as well as Jim Jones and the People s Temple. Interestingly, Jones  friend Dan Mitrione, was an operative trained in  advanced counterinsurgency techniques,  working with both the FBI and CIA, adding to the prevailing mystery of the Brian Jonestown massacre.According to the researcher John Judge, Jones, once a poor preacher, started People s Temple after meeting Mitrione. Judge uncovered much of the media manipulation in the aftermath of the Brian Jonestown massacre. Much of which, was used to besiege the American public through a distortion of facts   something that we see reflected in many high profile cases today.In the arresting book Programmed to Kill by writer and researcher David McGowan, we see an examination of the American media and government agency propelled serial killer saga in a chapter entitled The Myth of the Serial Killer. Here is a passage that directly relates to the narrative of NBK and in some cases, crimes occurring in America today: Most Americans are probably familiar with what is considered the classic serial killer  profile.  This was a notion first put forth by the venerable FBI, which coined the term  serial killer,  and pioneered the concept of  profiling,  in an alleged attempt to understand the phenomenon of mass murder. It appears to be the case though the concept of the  serial killer profile  was put forth largely to misinform the public. In the case of Henry Lee Lucas, few if any of the elements of the serial killer profile apply. For instance, serial killers are said to act alone, driven to do so only by their own private demons. So far removed from ordinary behavior are their actions that they would not, indeed could not, share their private passions with others. In Henry s case, this is a patently false notion. It has been officially acknowledged that Lucas worked with not just one, but at times as many as three accomplices Later, McGowan links the CIA s politically motivated counter-insurgency campaign within Vietnam (Operation Phoenix) to a domestic version (Operation CHAOS) of terror, featuring serial killings throughout the 1960 s, in order to create a climate of fear to push for a police state crackdown.The CIA s Operation CHAOS  collected substantial amounts of information on domestic dissidents from 1967 to 1973,  as admitted by the CIA.Over 40 years ago, a horrific crime spree took place sometime between 1972 -1974 that was dubbed the Zebra Murders. It was a shocking crime spree that shook the San Francisco area to the core.The murders were supposedly refered to as  Zebra , because the radio communications channel that police talked over was channel Z. Reportedly, four Black Muslim men calling themselves the  Death Angels were spawned from a known cointelpro hangout, Nation of Islam.The Death Angels were said to have shot future Mayor of San Francisco Art Angos. Some researchers on the subject have suggested that the Death Angels were trained counter-intelligence assassins tasked with fomenting a race war in America.In the 1990 s the idea of the  lone  serial killer phenomena faded into the background, exploding with the revamped media-driven image of the mass murder around every tabloid corner. When the decade came to a close, tabloid news produced the ratings that networks like ABC, CBS and NBC were starving for. The news world changed after the O. J. Simpson trial, opening the door for larger outlets to run the type of sensational TV programming previously reserved for popular shows like A Current Affair, Hard Copy and Inside Edition   everything from salacious  soft feature  celebrity pieces, to murder stories and courtroom dramas such as Divorce Court and Judge Judy seeped into regular television fair.Similarly in the world today, the public has become reprogrammed by the fear-based odyssey of the  War On Terror  era and in more recent happenings such as the barrage of Daily Shooter mass casualty incidents rippling across America and Europe in the form of Gladio-style operations, we see another phase in the assault on reality. These cases have risen to the forefront in media as there is only a passing footnote concerned about serial killings, largely due to the public s desensitization.This new kind of  crimescape  injects the collective hive mind with a host of socio-political concerns over race, religion, reform and security, while obscuring the forensic synopsis of a crime itself.The notion that serial killers have in fact not acted alone under the  lone wolf  banner, coincides with findings about many of today s mass-shooters, who in a number of cases covered here at 21WIRE, have involved multiple suspects, actors and drills. Most recently in America, the events surrounding the Orlando Pulse night club were called into question, as eye-witness accounts suggested multiple suspects in the alleged lone wolf attack and that the authorities themselves may be to blame for some of the apparent deaths.Additionally, back in 2013, the alleged Pulse nightclub shooter Omar Mateen, was placed under a terror watch list for 10 months (interviewed three times by the FBI between 2013-14) having worked for one of the largest security firms (G4S Secure Solutions, headquartered in Jupiter, Florida) in the US and around the world since 2007. The firm was formerly part of a CIA-linked government contractor and security firm, Wackenhut Corporation. Mateen s extensive background with G4S, reveals another yet another curious connection between security and terror.When discussing the mass shooter phenomena as it relates to terror and security, writer and researcher Jay Dyer of Jay s Analysis, stated the following: The purpose of organized black op events is the psychological warfare effect of mass shootings.  All warfare is psychological warfare, as the intent of the attacking party or army desires to bring about the acquiescence of the enemy. Warfare itself is merely a tool to bring about the psychological submission of the other side, while the intention of wiping out the enemy forces are secondary.  Why deplete one s own forces and resources if the enemy can be molded to think accordingly? In this sense, terrorism is the purposeful display of chaos and fear that arises from the radical disturbance of the normal, daily patterns and social routines of the enemy with the intent of achieving an alteration in the psyche of the target populace. Indeed, as critical pieces of Daily Shooter events come together  evidence often suggests a highly organized and coordinated event involving many players. Those players then craft the three dimensions of how we are to view the event   carrying out the event are as follows: members of the police and security services, and most crucially, members of the global media. The last and most important group provides the fourth dimension of this reality, and that is you the public.How you view any questionable event   is the pinnacle for the architects of any impressive psy-op.A fifth dimension is based on the fourth, which is how the architects and social engineers observe your reactions to the event. From this, data is collected, social media is monitored, then metered, opinions are analyzed, and public reactions are measured. The conclusions will be used to form the baseline and design of future  shock and awe  operations reacting directly to the public s response.  CASTING CRISIS    Media fed madness hits the front page.Reality RebornIn an exploratory essay entitled  Critical Theories of Mass Media: Then and Now,  written by Paul A. Taylor and Jan Ll. Harris, we can see clearer role of NBK and how it relates to the modern era: The  shock  of the modern urban environment is figured in terms of a welter of new micro-perceptions, disorientating cuts and contingent images a realm of experience that also characterizes the cinematic experience. Cinema thus trains the sensorium and helps the subject adapt to this new technological social reality. While NBK covers some dark and sometimes philosophical territory, it often hints at something much darker than our imaginations can comprehend. In this sense, the viewer feels like a guilty voyeur in a culture of violence, reliving trauma gratuitously through the callous and obsessive lens of mass media.In the past critics and media have accused NBK itself of giving rise to  copycat  crimes as well as the Columbine High School massacre, and the Dunblane massacre. But interestingly, these two high profile shootings from the 1990 s have a number of questionable elements forensically, such as conflicting eyewitness testimony and how they were apparently carried out.NBK can be thought of as an ultra or hyper-reality, an unreality more real than reality. While critics of the film cite NBK s dangerous content and presentation, it employs a heavy dose of artificial reality in order to inject certain universal truths about the nature of man and media. In an article for Ceasefire magazine, Andrew Robinson deconstructs Jean Baudrillard s hyper-reality. A concept prominently observed while watching NBK: Hyperreality is a special kind of social reality in which a reality is created or simulated from models, or defined by reference to models   a reality generated from ideas. The term has implications of  too much reality    everything being on the surface, without mystery;  more real than reality    too perfect and schematic to be true, like special effects; and  para-reality , an extra layer laid over, or instead of, reality. It is experienced as more real than the real, because of its effect of breaking down the boundary between real and imaginary. It is a  real  without  origin or reality , a reality to which we cannot connect. In an informative piece by Randy Laist, Ph. D., entitled,  Murder and Montage: Oliver Stone s Hyperreal Period,  we see a complex blended reality at play during NBK: Mickey and Mallory are the icons of the new reality: the image ripped out of its context, the innocent killer, the fictional character roaming free across the video prairies of the new manmade nature.  Natural Born Killers elicits our own complicity with the cultural tendency it satirizes, blending critique with enactment in a way that collapses the border between character and audience as well as between moralistic valuations of guilt and innocence. In this perpetual age of terror, highly sophisticated methods are used to alter, distort and reform the public mind. NBK was able to pull back the curtain on mass media s scripted reign READ MORE ALTERNATIVE HOLLYWOOD NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Hollywood Files
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump will urge President Xi Jinping to make good on his commitments to pressure North Korea when he visits China next month, a senior White House official said on Monday, stepping up a strategy to have Beijing help rein in Pyongyang. Isolating North Korea further over its nuclear and ballistic missile tests is a key goal for Trump on what will be his longest foreign trip to date. Trump will call on Xi to fully implement U.N. Security Council resolutions against Pyongyang and take other steps to pressure North Korea.  China, North Korea s sole major ally, accounts for more than 90 percent of trade with the isolated country. China has said it will strictly enforce U.N. Security Council sanctions banning imports of coal, textiles and seafood, while cutting off oil shipments to the North.      But a senior White House official who briefed reporters ahead of Trump s trip said China needs to do more to comply with two U.N. Security Council resolutions that were approved unanimously, including with China s support.  We would like to see China follow through on those commitments. We would like to see China do things bilaterally as well that might even go beyond things that are mandated by those U.N. Security Council resolutions,  the official said. Though China has been angered by North Korea s repeated nuclear and missile tests and demanded they stop, Beijing also sees the United States and South Korea sharing responsibility for rising tensions because of military drills they carry out in the region. South Korea, the United States and Japan started a two-day missile tracking drill on Tuesday, South Korea s military said in a statement, in preparation for any missile or nuclear threats from North Korea. The exercises will be held in waters off the coasts of South Korea and Japan, South Korea s Joint Chiefs of Staff said, with four Aegis combat system-equipped ships from all three countries participating in the drill. China s special envoy for the North Korea nuclear issue, Kong Xuanyou, met his U.S. counterpart, Joseph Yun, in Beijing on Monday, China s Foreign Ministry said, where they had a  deep exchange of views on the Korean peninsula issue . The ministry did not elaborate. Trump, who has threatened to  totally destroy  North Korea, has frequently asked China to help rein in North Korean leader Kim Jong Un. But this strategy has so far failed to stop Pyongyang conducting nuclear bomb tests at an underground facility and firing ballistic missile tests into the Pacific Ocean over Japan. The threat from North Korea has grown to a  critical and imminent level  and the United States, Japan and South Korea must address the matter, Japanese Defence Minister Itsunori Onodera told his U.S. and South Korean counterparts in talks on Monday. Onodera s remarks underscored the deep concern in Tokyo about North Korean weapons tests as Pyongyang seeks to develop a nuclear-tipped missile capable of reaching the United States. The White House official, speaking on condition of anonymity, said Trump is looking for a peaceful resolution of the North Korea standoff. Asked by reporters whether an offer by former President Jimmy Carter to serve as a U.S. envoy to North Korea would be accepted, the official said:  There s nothing planned.  Singapore Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong said on Monday he outlined for Trump his country s efforts to pressure North Korea over its nuclear program but also advised the U.S. leader to use talks to help resolve the conflict.  There is no quick and easy solution. Pressure is necessary but so is dialogue. The U.S. will need to work with others, including China, South Korea and Japan and Russia to resolve the issue,  he said. With Xi consolidating power in the wake of a Communist Party Congress in Beijing, Trump believes the Chinese president will have a greater authority to take steps against North Korea, senior administration officials said last week. Trump s Nov. 3-14 trip will include visits to Japan, South Korea, China, Vietnam and the Philippines. Trump will also be tough on trade during talks with Xi as he seeks to reduce the U.S. trade deficit with China, the White House official said.  We have huge barriers that Americans companies have to surmount to gain access to the Chinese market. The president is intent on rectifying that situation,  the official said.    Despite Trump s fierce criticism of China s trade practices during the presidential campaign, he has mostly held off on any major trade action while his administration works with Beijing on North Korea. China has insisted it is doing all it can, and some Chinese diplomats say the Trump administration has overestimated how much influence Beijing has over its defiant neighbor. Even as China has shown signs of tightening enforcement of sanctions on North Korea, it has stopped short of agreeing to U.S. demands for a fuel embargo and has urged the United States to negotiate with Pyongyang. 
Adding insult to injury, not only will Donald Trump force U.S. taxpayers to build the wall along the southern border, he will use that money to hire Mexican companies to build it.During his inaugural address, Trump claimed America would follow tow rules.We will follow two simple rules: BUY AMERICAN & HIRE AMERICAN!#InaugurationDay #MAGA??  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 20, 2017That s right. The man who buys materials for his hotels from overseas and has his products made by overseas laborers literally commanded Americans to buy American made goods and to hire American workers.And Trump is already breaking those rules as president.Trump repeatedly promised his supporters that he would build a wall alongside the entirety of the U.S.-Mexican border and force Mexico to pay for it. Trump then said that American taxpayers would pay for it and Mexico will simply reimburse us for the cost. Just before taking office, Trump went to Congress to ask them for the money to build the wall.Yesterday, Trump declared once again on Twitter that he is following through with building the wall.Big day planned on NATIONAL SECURITY tomorrow. Among many other things, we will build the wall!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 25, 2017But now it appears that Trump is getting ready to screw over American taxpayers, American workers, and American companies because he intends to hire Mexican companies to build the wall.According to The Guardian,The construction consultants Gleeds Worldwide said building a 1,000-mile wall   the border is 1,889 miles long but large parts are protected by natural barriers including mountains and the Rio Grande   would cost $31bn and take 40,000 people more than five years to construct.And because Mexican laborers and Mexican companies are less expensive, Trump will likely pay them to build it, thus depriving American workers and companies from benefiting. The idea of building a 1,000-mile wall which is designed to be impenetrable is something that may well come back to haunt the president,  Gleeds chairman Richard Steer said.  You ve got to build roads to move the materials and machinery and get the workforce to the location as the wall is being built. You would need a very big labor force to build it   some 40,000 people working over five years. Steer went on to state that Mexican workers would benefit the most from the massive project because they are closer to the site and make less pay.Mexican companies are also poised to benefit most from the project because materials are cheaper.Analysts at Bernstein investment bank plotted the location of nearby plants and quarries and found that the Mexican building company Cemex was best-positioned to provide materials on both sides of the border.In short, Trump is going to do the same thing he did in order to build his hotels. He s going to screw over American companies and American workers by using foreign labor and buying materials from foreign companies to do the job. And the taxpayers are going to fund every last wasteful dime of the cost and get nothing in return except a useless ugly wall that will do nothing to stop immigration and will draw comparisons to walls built by other tyrannical regimes such as the Berlin Wall built by the Soviet Union.It s time for Trump supporters to wake up and realize that Trump doesn t give a damn about them at all.Featured image via Drew Angerer/Getty Images
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Democrat Hillary Clinton called on Friday for voters to reject the “bigotry” of Donald Trump’s White House campaign, releasing a television ad criticizing his efforts to appeal to black voters and saying she was reaching out to people from all parties who are troubled by his candidacy. The ad shows video of Trump’s controversial pitch to black voters, in which the Republican candidate urges them to support him by asking, “What do you have to lose?” It also shows headlines about a racial discrimination lawsuit the New York real estate mogul faced in the 1970s. Clinton’s presidential campaign said the ad, released a day after she gave a speech accusing Trump of fueling America’s “radical fringe,” would air in the hotly contested states of Florida, North Carolina, Ohio and Pennsylvania. Polls give Clinton a wide margin over Trump among Hispanic voters, but he is on a pitch to reduce her advantage by stressing he would create jobs for all. Trump pressed on with trying to broaden his appeal to minority voters on Friday, as he met with Hispanic business leaders at his signature hotel in Las Vegas. “We’ve been doing very, very well with the Latinos. We’ve been doing amazing, far, far greater ... than anyone understands. They want to see jobs come in, we’re going to bring jobs. They want to see things happen,” Trump said. He said the country’s GDP growth rate of 1.1 percent in the second quarter was not a good sign for the U.S. economy. “The country has some very, very serious problems,” he said. Clinton, meanwhile, followed up on Thursday’s tough speech by saying that Trump’s temperament and divisiveness made him unfit for the White House. “I am reaching out to everyone, Republicans, Democrats, independents, everyone who is as troubled as I am by the bigotry and divisiveness of Donald Trump’s campaign,” she told MSNBC, adding she was asking “fair-minded Americans to repudiate this kind of divisive demagoguery” at the Nov. 8 election. Clinton attacks came during a difficult week for her campaign, as the release of new emails from her time as secretary of state revived criticism of her decision to use a private address and server rather than a government one. The emails also stoked scrutiny of her family’s charitable foundation, including accusations that major corporate and foreign donors gave money in hopes of securing more access to then-Secretary Clinton. Her campaign says no donors received any special favors. Republican National Committee spokesman Sean Spicer told MSNBC Clinton was only talking about Trump and race this week to deflect attention from that controversy.     Trump countered her rhetoric on Friday by releasing a video showing Clinton in the 1990s discussing a crime bill and referring to “super-predators,” or at-risk youth she said needed to be brought under control. The video also shows U.S. Senator Bernie Sanders, Clinton’s main opponent in the Democratic primary this year, calling that phrase a “racist term.” In targeting what she terms Trump’s bigotry, Clinton hopes to remind voters of controversial statements he has made over the course of the campaign. Those include describing some Mexican immigrants as criminals and rapists, suggesting a judge could not be fair because of his Mexican-American heritage, and proposing a temporary ban on Muslim immigration to combat terrorism. Trump has tried to sidestep these dust-ups by saying Democrats have failed minorities with their economic policies, leaving them living in poverty and attending failing schools. Jennifer Hochschild, a professor at Harvard University who focuses on race and immigration, said she did not think Trump could fix his relationship with black and Hispanic voters. “General cluelessness about racial dynamics will diminish any possible black support that comes from Trump’s emphasis on job creation,” Hochschild said in an email. “And Clinton has a lot of deep roots among black politicians.” Trump also has been criticized for vowing to deport millions of people living in the United States illegally. In recent days, he had appeared to hold out the possibility of toning down his hardline stance, although his precise plans on immigration have been harder to pin down. On Thursday, he denied he would loosen his proposed immigration restrictions. 
WASHINGTON/NEW YORK (Reuters) - Presumptive Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton has taken more money from employees of America’s 15 biggest pharmaceuticals companies than all of the Republicans who attempted a run for the White House this year combined, according to campaign finance disclosures. The donations, which were nearly double those accepted by Democratic rival Bernie Sanders, came even as the former senator and secretary of state vowed to curb price gouging in the industry if elected. Clinton’s campaign took nearly $240,000 from employees of the industry between its launch and the end of April, compared with just under $168,000 for all of the Republicans together, including around $1,700 for presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump, according to the filings.  The money, a drop in the bucket of Clinton’s nearly $190 million in overall individual contributions, has tended to come from people in top jobs: 54 percent of the donors list their position as executive, director, manager or lawyer. Donors and company officials contacted by Reuters declined to comment on the contributions. Industry insiders say the sector may be drawn to Clinton for a few reasons: She has a good chance of winning against Trump in November, her policies are relatively transparent and predictable, and she’s more supportive of international trade than rivals. Many of the biggest pharmaceuticals companies are also headquartered in areas of the country that are more heavily populated by liberals, like New Jersey and New York – another potential reason for the Clinton-heavy employee donations. “(Trade) is, in particular, an issue for the pharmaceutical industry. They all operate trans-nationally,” said Dan Mendelson, president of Avalere Health, a consulting firm that works with companies across the health sector. He added: “We have very limited ability to predict what would happen in a Trump administration. We don’t know the people, we don’t have a lot to go on.” Trump, who largely self-funded his primary bid, only recently began soliciting donations for the general election, meaning his contributions from supporters in all industries are likely to rise in the coming months. Clinton tapped into widespread public frustration over soaring health costs this winter when she outlined a plan to curb drug price hikes and singled out pharmaceuticals company Valeant, saying she would “go after them” if elected. Trump’s campaign seized on Clinton’s donations from the industry as proof that she would be unlikely to follow through.  “Hillary Clinton will be totally controlled by the special interests,” Trump spokeswoman Hope Hicks said. Clinton has rejected the idea. “Hillary Clinton has spent her career fighting to crack down on rising prescription drug prices and hold drug companies accountable,” spokesman Josh Schwerin said.  Clinton’s donations from drug companies have grown since the last time she ran, in 2008, but fall far short of her rival in that race, President Barack Obama, who took in more than $500,000 in contributions from employees of pharmaceutical companies during the equivalent period of time. Clinton’s total in this race so far, however, beats the combined take in the 2012 election of Obama and Republican nominee Mitt Romney from employees of the industry of $170,000, according to the filings. 
Leave it to Obama to politicize our money some think the past presidents should be on the money but now Obama s made our money like a postage stamp. He s made this political and racial which really is what you d expect from this pitiful man.Abraham Lincoln will not be the only person depicted on the $5 bill much longer.The Treasury Department announced Wednesday that it will overhaul the design of the $5 note, a move overshadowed by its decision to revamp the back of the $10 bill to include women and to feature Harriet Tubman on the front of the $20.Civil rights icon Martin Luther King Jr., famed opera singer Marian Anderson and first lady Eleanor Roosevelt will be depicted on the back of the updated $5 bill.All three will be portrayed in historical moments in front of the Lincoln Memorial, which is currently pictured on the back of the bill. King will be shown delivering his 1963  I Have a Dream  speech. Anderson will be shown performing in 1939, when concert halls were still segregated and she was banned from singing in Constitution Hall, supported by Roosevelt.In redesigning the $5 bill, a previously unannounced step, the Treasury will disrupt Lincoln s long-running tenure on both the front of the bill, in a portrait, and on the back, captured as a statue within the Lincoln Memorial. The basic layout of the note hadn t changed since 1929.Read more: WE
21st Century Wire says In yet another interesting end of term move, Obama has commuted Bradley/Chelsea Manning s sentence. He is now scheduled to be released in May of 2017 rather than 2045. Is this a power play against Trump? A potential  call of bluff  to Julian Assange, who s said he would turn himself over to the US courts if Obama frees Manning?Adam Garrie of The Duran brings some interesting analysis to the table in the article below. Adam Garrie The DuranWith less than three days left until he leaves office, Barack Obama has commuted Bradley/Chelsea Manning s sentence. Manning was to be released in 2045 but will now be released in May of this year.This surprise move is not the morally courageous move that it may appear to be. Obama, content to leave office sans dignity is clearly making a challenge to Julian Assange who recently challenged Obama to pardon Manning in return for Assange voluntarily traveling to the US to face what some would call justice, but anyone would a brain would call a show trial.Although I am personally happy that Manning will be released early (why the delay though), my sincere advice to Julian Assange is to do the following:With Donald Trump in power it may be possible to strike some sort of bargain whereby Assange can receive safe passage to Ecuador or any other country willing and able to grant him unconditional asylum. This would have to be guaranteed by President Trump.If Assange fights this battle from within the United States, elements of the deep state or worse yet, rogue agents working on behalf of the deep state or anti-Assange political interests, could take matters into their own hands.In another kick of the political football, Obama has now put yet another problem on Donald Trump s White House doorstep what to do if Assange makes good on his promise?The best thing that could possibly happen is for Assange to negotiate safe-passage out of Britain, brokered by a Trump administration. If anyone thinks the absurd charges in Sweden could impact this, they do not realise who has pulled the strings all along in this matter.If my suggestion is brought on board, Trump can tell his pro-Assange grassroots supporters (think Ron Paul followers and Infowars listeners) that he did the right thing regarding Assange. At the same time, he will be able to tell his deep state and Congressional opponents that he acted pragmatically rather than ethically in order to  move on  from the  Assange problem  instead of dragging out in a kangaroo court. Absurd though it is, some American politicians would sooner praise a pragmatic decision vis- -vis an ethical one.In any case, Manning won t be free until May of this year and a lot can happen Continue this report at The DuranREAD MORE US NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire US NewsSUPPORT 21WIRE   SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER@ 21WIRE.TV
DANANG, Vietnam (Reuters) - Asia-Pacific nations must  uphold multilateralism , Chinese President Xi Jinping said on Friday, countering U.S. President Donald Trump s message at a summit that the United States would stay out of trade deals that surrender its sovereignty. Globalization is an irreversible trend, but the world must work to make it more balanced and inclusive, Xi told leaders gathered in the Vietnamese resort city of Danang for the Asia Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) meeting. His comments came moments after Trump told the same audience the United States would not tolerate chronic trade abuses from partners.  Should we steer economic globalization, or should we dither and stall in the face of challenge? Should we jointly advance regional cooperation or should we go our separate ways?  Xi asked.  Openness brings progress, while self-seclusion leaves one behind,  he said. During the past year, Xi has positioned China as a defender of globalization in speeches around the world, contrasting himself with Trump, who has pursued his  America First  agenda, and pulled the United States out of the regional Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP) trade deal. Trump s predecessor saw the deal as a way for the United States, and not China, to write Asia s trade rules.  Having just concluded a state visit to China, Trump said the United States was ready to make a bilateral deal with any country in the Indo-Pacific region, but only on the basis of  mutual respect and mutual benefit . He blasted the World Trade Organization and multilateral trade deals, and some analysts expect tougher action may be imminent from the White House to fight bilateral trade imbalances with China exacerbated by Beijing s state-led economic model. But Xi s efforts to seize the mantle of free trade have rung hollow to critics of China, who argue it erects more market barriers to foreign companies, using state-driven industrial plans, than any major economy. In Danang, Xi said China would  significantly ease market access  for foreign firms, and all businesses registered in China would be treated as equals. Soon after Trump left Beijing, China said it would raise foreign ownership limits in financial firms, a move cautiously welcomed by business groups as an important step in opening up a tantalizing multi-trillion-dollar financial services market.  The 11 countries still party to the TPP have been looking for a way forward for the deal on the sidelines of the APEC meeting. Japan had lobbied hard to proceed with the pact that could also help to contain China s growing regional dominance, as it is not involved. Xi has been selling an alternate vision for regional trade by promoting the Beijing-backed Regional Comprehensive Economic Partnership (RCEP), which includes Australia, India and more than a dozen other countries, but not the United States. The RCEP is seen as an alternate to the TPP for a path to the broader Free Trade Area of the Asia-Pacific (FTAAP) that APEC aspires to.  We should support the multilateral trading system and practice open regionalism, to allow developing members to benefit more from international trade and investment,  Xi said. China will speed up negotiations with partners on free trade pacts, and work for the speedy conclusion of RCEP talks, he added. 
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. and Chinese diplomatic and defense chiefs will meet Wednesday for a security dialogue that Washington says will focus on curbing North Korea’s nuclear and missile programs. The talks in Washington will involve U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, Secretary of Defense Jim Mattis as well as  China’s top diplomat, State Councilor Yang Jiechi, and General Fang Fenghui, chief of state of the People’s Liberation Army, the U.S. State Department said. It will be the inaugural session of the U.S.-China  Diplomatic and Security Dialogue, a framework launched by President Donald Trump and Chinese President Xi Jinping during a summit in Florida in April. The State Department said the aim was “to expand areas of cooperation while narrowing differences on key diplomatic and security issues.” U.S.-China ties have warmed since the April summit, in spite of continued U.S. concerns about China’s pursuit of territory in the South China Sea and a large trade imbalance.      Tillerson has said North Korea will top the agenda next week and made clear that Washington wanted more help from China in pressing Pyongyang to abandon its weapons programs, calling Chinese efforts so far “notable” but “uneven.” The focus on North Korea has been sharpened by dozens of North Korean missile launches and two nuclear bomb tests since the beginning of last year.  North Korea says it is working to develop a nuclear-tipped missile capable of hitting the United States, and this week Mattis called it the “most urgent” threat to U.S. national security. China is party to U.N. economic sanctions on North Korea.  But it remains the country’s main ally and trading partner and has been reluctant to impose the sort of punishing measures experts say are needed to get Pyongyang to abandon its weapons programs. In Beijing, asked about the talks, China’s foreign ministry spokesman, Lu Kang, said, “The two sides are in close communication about the schedule, but the issues discussed will be those that both countries are concerned about and that involve China-U.S. relations.” He did not elaborate. On Tuesday, Tillerson said Washington was considering imposing “secondary sanctions” on foreign firms doing business with North Korea and had been in discussions with Beijing about the activities of entities inside China. A Washington think tank said this week that North Korea’s effort to circumvent sanctions was complex but could be defeated by targeting relatively few Chinese firms. The U.N. Security Council expanded targeted sanctions against North Korea this month in the first such resolution agreed by the United States and China since Trump took office. Washington has been pushing for even tougher steps, including an oil embargo, bans of North Korea’s airline and overseas workers and interception of its cargo ships. 
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Pentagon said on Monday it was reviewing  adjustments  in arms for U.S.-backed Kurdish forces in Syria but stopped short of declaring a halt to weapons transfers, suggesting such decisions would be based on battlefield requirements. Turkey said on Friday that U.S. President Donald Trump told President Tayyip Erdogan he had issued instructions that weapons should not be provided to Syrian Kurdish fighters, which Ankara views as threat. It called on Monday for Washington to follow through on its pledge.  We are reviewing pending adjustments to the military support provided to our Kurdish partners in as much as the military requirements of our defeat-ISIS and stabilization efforts will allow to prevent ISIS from returning,  said Pentagon spokesman Eric Pahon, using an acronym for Islamic State, which U.S. and U.S.-backed forces are battling in Syria. 
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Donald Trump’s campaign paid $50,000 to the law office now representing Donald Trump Jr. a little more than a week before news surfaced of an unreported meeting with a Russian attorney that has prompted new accusations of collusion. The payment to the Law Offices of Alan S. Futerfas, dated June 27, was disclosed in a filing with the Federal Election Commission on Saturday. It was described as covering “legal consulting” fees.  Trump Jr. admitted to meeting with a Russian lawyer in New York City during the 2016 presidential campaign after he was told she might have damaging information about his father’s rival, Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton. The payment was made to Futerfas’ firm days before the story about the meeting broke, which caused a scramble inside the White House and Trump Tower to contain it.  The disclosures do not say who Futerfas was hired to represent. Spokesmen for Trump’s re-election campaign and Futerfas did not respond to requests for comment.  Futerfas was revealed as Trump Jr.’s lawyer on Monday after a New York Times report detailed meetings between the president’s eldest son and the Russian lawyer. Futerfas has not said when he was hired.      Separately, the campaign also paid more than $538,000 to Jones Day, the law firm that represented Trump’s campaign during the election. The campaign also paid $89,561 for “legal consulting” to The Trump Corporation, which is owned by the president. The payment was dated June 30th. A federal special counsel and several congressional panels are investigating allegations by U.S. intelligence agencies that Russia meddled in the 2016 U.S. presidential election, as well as potential connections between Russian officials and the Trump campaign. Moscow has denied any interference and the president and Trump Jr. have denied any collusion. The Federal Election Commission has previously ruled that candidates and federal office holders may spend campaign funds on legal fees incurred because they were a candidate. Trump has also hired a longtime legal adviser, Marc Kasowitz, as outside counsel. His campaign finance disclosure did not list any payments to Kasowitz. The White House confirmed in a statement on Saturday that veteran Washington attorney Ty Cobb will serve as special counsel, and sources familiar with the hiring said Cobb would handle the White House’s response to the Russia-related investigations. Cobb, a partner at the law firm Hogan Lovells, is expected to be an intermediary between the White House and Congress, as well as outside attorneys as the probes continue.  In the second quarter of 2017, Trump’s re-election campaign raised about $8 million and spent $4.4 million, according to Saturday’s disclosures. Much of the money raised from individuals came in the form of “small dollar” donations, classed as donations of less than $250. Trump and his campaign have frequently touted the number of small-dollar donors as proof of his widespread support. Trump filed for re-election the day after taking office - allowing his campaign to continue to raise and spend money while he is in office. 
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A Senate committee suspended rules on Thursday to approve U.S. President Donald Trump’s controversial choice to lead the Environmental Protection Agency on Thursday, amid a boycott of his nomination by the panel’s Democratic members. John Barrasso, chair of the Senate’s environment and public works committee, said the panel would “suspend several rules” temporarily to approve the nomination of Oklahoma Attorney General Scott Pruitt as EPA administrator. Democrats on the committee boycotted Wednesday’s meeting to approve Pruitt, saying that he doubts the science of climate change and has too many conflicts of interest with the companies he would be charged with regulating. The full Senate will now vote on Pruitt’s nomination. The date for that has not yet been confirmed, but with Republicans holding a majority in the Senate, the nomination will likely be approved. Barrasso justified the move by saying that Pruitt, who sued the EPA 14 times as Oklahoma’s top attorney, reflects the agenda of the president who won the 2016 election. “Elections have consequences and a new president is entitled to put in place people who advance his agenda,” he said. Environmental groups, which have strongly criticized the choice of Pruitt, raised concerns that the nomination was pushed through to the full Senate. “If he is approved by the full Senate, he will start on day one as the worst EPA administrator in history,” said Ken Cook, president of the Environmental Working Group.  
SEOUL (Reuters) - South Korea plans to buy an additional 20 F-35A stealth fighter aircraft from the United States, a South Korean newspaper reported on Thursday, less than two months after U.S. President Donald Trump announced Seoul would be purchasing billions of dollars in new military equipment. South Korea s Defence Acquisition Program Administration has  established a process for procuring the 20 additional aircraft, the Joongang Ilbo newspaper reported, citing multiple government sources. In 2014 South Korea formally announced a plan to buy 40 F-35As from American defense contractor Lockheed Martin. 
ANKARA/BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Turkish tanks carried out drills at the Iraqi border on Monday, the army said, a week before a referendum across that frontier on Kurdish independence that Ankara has called a threat to its national security. The exercises came as Turkey, the central government in Baghdad and their shared neighbor Iran all stepped up protests and warnings about the looming plebiscite in semi-autonomous Kurdish northern Iraq. Iran, which like Turkey fears fuelling separatism in its own Kurdish population, warned of unspecified consequences if the vote went ahead.      Turkey s Prime Minister Binali Yildirim said any threats from inside or outside its territory would face immediate retaliation. The military command released pictures of the tanks speeding along roads and kicking up dust during exercises. Iraq s Supreme Federal Court ordered Kurdistan region to suspend the vote, Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi s office said. Baghdad, its neighbors and Western powers fear the referendum could distract attention from the fight against Islamic State militants across the region. But the Kurdish leadership showed no sign of bowing to pressure to call off the vote, including from the United Nations - which urged Erbil to resolve disputes with Baghdad over land and power sharing through dialogue. In Turkey, around 100 military vehicles, mostly tanks, took part in the drill near the Habur border gate, a crossing point into Iraq, the private news agency Dogan said. Vehicles carrying missiles and howitzers also participated. Turkish military sources said the drill was due to run until Sept. 26, a day after the planned Kurdish referendum. Turkey has not spelt out what response it might take if the referendum goes ahead. It has brought forward meetings of the cabinet and its national security council to Friday, three days ahead of the vote, to look again at the situation. Separately, Turkey s military said it carried out an air strike in northern Iraq on Monday and that  four terrorists were neutralized . Turkish forces often launch cross-border attacks they say target members of the outlawed Kurdish PKK group, which has waged an insurgency in southern Turkey for three decades.  Those who are chasing dreams in Syria and Iraq should know very well that any attempt that threatens our national security, from inside or outside our borders, will be immediately retaliated in kind,  Prime Minister Yildirim said in a speech in the southern Turkish town of Sanliurfa.  Kurdish forces have, with U.S. backing, been in the forefront of the battle against Islamic State in Iraq and Syria. The Kurdish involvement in Syria strains relations between Washington and Ankara.  The Iraqi Supreme Federal Court approved Prime Minister Abadi s demand to consider  the breakaway of any region or province from Iraq as unconstitutional , his office said in a statement. The court is responsible for settling disputes between Iraq s central government and regions including Kurdistan, but  has no means to implement its rulings in the Kurdish region which has its own police and government, led by Massoud Barzani. Iran issued a veiled warning to the Kurds that their security could be affected if Iraq s unity was threatened.  Any damage to this strategic principle would lead to the revision of and serious alteration in the existing cooperation between Iran and Iraq s Kurdistan region,  said Ali Shamkhani, the secretary of Iran s Supreme National Security Council,  according to state-run Press TV. Turkey s protests in the build-up to the vote had been relatively muted. It has built good relations with Barzani s semi-autonomous Kurdish administration in northern Iraq, founded on strong economic links as well as Ankara and Erbil s shared suspicions of other Kurdish groups.     The Kurdish Regional Government, led by Barzani s KDP party,exports hundreds of thousands of barrels of oil per day to worldmarkets via Turkey and said on Monday that Russian oil major Rosneft (ROSN.MM) would invest in pipelines in the Kurdish region to export gas to Turkey and Europe.  
LONDON (Reuters) - The British government will soften its seven-year grip on public-sector pay with police and prison officers set to get increases above a 1 percent cap, media reported. The reports suggested British Prime Minister Theresa May and her finance minister Philip Hammond want to take a cautious approach to increasing pay for public sector workers. Police account for around 5 percent of the 5.1 million public sector workers in Britain and prison staff represent a smaller group. Based on calculations by the Institute of Fiscal Studies, an increase in pay for police to match Britain s current 2.6 percent inflation rate would cost about 145 million pounds ($191 million) this year, a small extra strain on the budget which is likely show a deficit of 58 billion pounds. If the government gave all public sector workers a 2.6 percent increase this year, the additional spending would rise to nearly 3 billion pounds, IFS analyst Jonathan Cribb said. News reports published late on Sunday said ministers were expected to accept recommendations for bigger pay rises this week, paving the way for similar increases for other government employees in future. The higher increases for police and prison officers are based on the recommendations of independent pay-review bodies, with recruitment and retention problems being cited in the case of prison officers, the BBC said. Asked on Monday if the public sector pay cap was still in place, the prime minister s spokesman said the pay review process was continuing. A spokeswoman for the finance ministry declined to comment on the reports. Public-sector pay was frozen for all but the lowest earners in 2010 and increases were limited to of 1 percent a year from 2013. May has been under increasing pressure from ministers and lawmakers to end the cap since her party lost its majority in parliament in elections in June. Britain s inflation rate has risen sharply since last year s Brexit vote hit the value of the pound and is likely to reach about 3 percent soon, squeezing the spending power of households. The Bank of England is watching for signs of pay growth as it considers when to raise emergency-level interest rates for the first time since the global financial crisis a decade ago.    
BOSTON (Reuters) - Donald Trump once described Jamie Dimon as “the worst banker in the United States,” but the president-elect has helped make the boss of JPMorgan Chase & Co (JPM.N) $50 million richer. Dimon is the top beneficiary among the 30 chief executives who run companies in the Dow Jones Industrial Average index from a stock rally inspired by Trump’s election, according to a Reuters analysis of their option grants.  Trump’s proposed policies for lower taxes, less Wall Street regulation and more infrastructure spending have energized the U.S. stock market since the real estate magnate’s Nov. 8 victory.  The post-election rally even resurrected the value of an option award held by Goldman Sachs Group Inc (GS.N) CEO Lloyd Blankfein that was worthless on the eve of the election.  Dimon, a lifelong Democrat, has seen his stock options surge in value by more than $50 million to $146 million since the Republican candidate’s White House win.  Trump criticized Dimon in 2013 for reaching a $13 billion settlement with the U.S. government over the sale of toxic mortgages instead of fighting the case. Nevertheless, he appointed Dimon to the President’s Strategic and Policy Forum, a group of high-profile business leaders he set up last month to advise him on economic growth and job creation.  Dimon declined to comment on Trump’s criticism or the rise in value of his holdings. Stock options held by Dow 30 CEOs surged in value by 23 percent to about $1 billion in 2016, with most of the gain coming after Trump’s election win.  The figures reflect outstanding stock options that could be exercised at the end of 2015. Options that expired or vested in 2016 were excluded from the analysis.  In a few cases, CEOs exercised some of those options during 2016, U.S. regulatory filings show. Visa Inc (V.N) CEO Charles Scharf did not need a Trump-led stock rally to hit the jackpot. About two weeks before the election, he exercised nearly 800,000 options for gross proceeds of almost $33 million, U.S. regulatory filings show. He resigned from Visa effective Dec. 1. For a look at how the post-election rally has affected Dow 30 stock options, click here (tmsnrt.rs/2iCbvvT)     Trump campaigned on the slogan “Make America Great Again,” vowing to bolster the prospects of the American working class by preventing jobs from moving abroad, restricting immigration and renegotiating trade pacts. In 2015, Trump called high salaries paid to CEOs a “joke” and a “disgrace” and said these were often approved by company boards stacked with CEOs’ friends. PRO-BUSINESS AGENDA To be sure, Trump’s election has helped investors big and small. Hopes of a pro-business agenda have driven the Dow 30 close to 20,000 - a level it has never breached - in a boon for workers’ retirement plans. “With the recent Trump/Republican win, it appears that investors are getting more excited about potential growth and animal spirits are on the rise,” top investment strategists at Morgan Stanley said this month in a wealth management report. “This is likely to lead to the final euphoric stage of this cyclical bull market which could be quite powerful in 2017’s first half.”    Big stock option gains for Goldman Sachs head Blankfein, American Express Co (AXP.N) CEO Kenneth Chenault and JP Morgan’s Dimon may be a surprise, given that their companies have reduced or even eliminated option grants in recent years in favor of stock awards tied to hitting financial targets. Blankfein’s 322,104 outstanding options, granted in 2007 with a $204.16 strike price, were under water by $7.3 million on the eve of the presidential election. But by the end of 2016, their value had soared to $11.4 million. That was an $18.7 million swing, thanks to the Trump-inspired stock market rally and the U.S. Federal Reserve’s decision to increase interest rates, a boost for banks and credit card companies. Blankfein declined to comment. Alan Johnson, managing director of pay consulting firm Johnson Associates in New York, said the big gains for the leaders of American Express, Goldman Sachs and JPMorgan reflect how stock option compensation can magnify gains in a company’s share price. “When the stock goes up, with options, you get more leverage,” he said. Critics of stock options say the grants can produce large amounts of wealth for CEOs even with mediocre performance. One reason is that grants often are not linked to any financial performance metric, such as return on equity. And so as the United States nears the eighth year of a bull market, options can increase in value even if the CEOs are running companies whose share price has lagged broad benchmarks during their tenure. For example, shares of Caterpillar Inc (CAT.N) rose 54 percent during Douglas Oberhelman’s tenure as CEO of the big equipment maker from mid-2010 to the end of 2016, while the Dow 30 more than doubled during that span.  But the value of Oberhelman’s options rallied during his last year as CEO, climbing to $20.3 million after being under water by nearly $9 million at the start of 2016. The options’ value got a $10.6 million booster shot after Trump’s victory. Caterpillar shares rose 36 percent in 2016, making it one of the best performing stocks on the Dow. Trump has said he would use Caterpillar tractors to build a wall between the United States and Mexico. Caterpillar and Oberhelman declined to comment. Not all CEOs have been winners, however. Coca-Cola Co (KO.N) CEO Muhtar Kent, who contributed $2,700 to Hillary Clinton, Trump’s Democratic rival for president, saw the value of his options decline by $11.3 million to $143 million.  Coca-Cola shares are off 3 percent since Trump was elected amid lingering concerns about consumers cutting their consumption of sugary drinks. A Coca-Cola spokesman declined to comment.  
(Reuters) - United Nations Secretary-General Antonio Guterres condemned North Korea s nuclear test on Sunday as  profoundly destabilizing for regional security  and called on the country s leadership to cease such acts, his spokesman said in a statement.  This act is yet another serious breach of the DPRK s international obligations and undermines international non-proliferation and disarmament efforts. This act is also profoundly destabilizing for regional security,  U.N. spokesman Stephane Dujarric said.  North Korea is also known as the DPRK. 
Hillary Clinton slips when stepping behind Biden during a rally today. The Dems have rolled out Biden in a desperate move to help Clinton. Joe biden then pulls the old trick out of his bag:  We can t trust Trump with the nuclear codes Now that s pretty funny since Hillary has pretty much sold out the country to the highest bidder. Remember she sold our uranium to the Russians! She left 4 Americans to die in Benghazi! I could go on but this is ridiculous! Awkward and lingering hug between two slick politicians   Joe just won t let go! LOL! 
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Barack Obama, keen to preserve his legacy on domestic health care and the Iran nuclear deal, is not expected to make major moves on Israeli-Palestinian peace before leaving office, U.S. officials said on Thursday. One official, who spoke on condition of anonymity, said the last word on the president’s failed peace effort might come from Secretary of State John Kerry at an appearance on Sunday at an annual Middle East conference in Washington. Obama’s aides are wary of being seen picking a fight with Donald Trump at a time when he hopes to persuade the Republican President-elect to preserve parts of his legacy, including the Iran nuclear deal, Obamacare and the opening to Cuba. While Obama has yet to present his final decision, several officials said he had given no sign that he intended to go against the consensus of his top advisers, who have mostly urged him not to take dramatic steps, a second official said.  “There is no evidence that there is any muscle behind (doing) anything,” said a third official. Putting new pressure on Israel could be seen as a vindictive parting shot by Obama at Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, the first official said, noting they have had a testy relationship. There is concern that Trump, in response, might over-react in trying to demonstrate his own pro-Israel credentials, for example by moving the U.S. Embassy to Jerusalem from Tel Aviv, a step that would enrage Palestinians and create an international furor. Officials said Obama has weighed enshrining his own outline for a deal in a U.N. Security Council resolution that would live on after he gives way to Trump on Jan. 20. Another idea was to give a speech laying out such parameters. These options appear to have lost steam. Kerry, who led the last round of peace talks that collapsed in 2014, appears on Sunday at the Saban Forum conference of U.S., Israeli and Arab officials. Officials could not rule out that Obama might also talk about Israeli-Palestinian diplomacy before he leaves office. The White House and the Israeli embassy declined comment. The central issues to be resolved in the conflict include borders between Israel and a future Palestinian state, the fate of Jewish settlements in the West Bank, which most nations regard as illegal, the fate of Palestinian refugees and the status of Jerusalem. Israeli officials remain concerned that Obama and his aides have not explicitly ruled out some kind of last-ditch U.S. action, either at the United Nations or in another public forum.     U.S. officials said Obama could also have his hand forced, notably if another nation like France put forward a U.N. Security Council resolution condemning Israeli settlement activity as illegal or illegitimate, daring Washington to veto it as it did a similar French-proposed resolution in 2011. U.S. ambassador to Israel Dan Shapiro, asked if Washington would again veto a French proposal, told Israel’s Army Radio: “We will always oppose unilateral proposals.” He added: “If there is something more balanced, I cannot guess what the response will be.” 
Huma Abedin is Hillary s  Bad cop  and is exposed as a scheming supporter of Hillary in the just released e-mails by Judicial Watch:Another 296 pages of Hillary Clinton s emails were released Tuesday   exposing key Clinton aides doing favors for billionaires and, on one occasion, leaving the then-secretary of state s daily schedule in an unlocked hotel room.The documents were released by Judicial Watch, which is suing to recover Clinton s emails under Freedom of Information Act laws.In an April 2009 email to Clinton s State Department aides Huma Abedin and Cheryl Mills, President Clinton s former body man, Doug Band, the founder of corporate consultant Teneo, urgently asked them to set up a meeting with an ambassador for a major donor to the Clinton Foundation. We need Gilbert Chagoury to speak to the substance person re lebanon. As you know, he s key guy there and to us and is loved in lebanon. Its jeff feltman,  Abedin wrote back, referring to Ambassador Jeffrey Feltman, America s former top diplomat to Lebanon.  I m sure he knows him[.] Ill talk to jeff. Less than 20 minutes later, Band replied,  Better if you call him. Now preferrable. This is very important. Chagoury is a Lebanese-Nigerian billionaire and a Clinton Foundation donor, giving somewhere between $1 million and $5 million.Read more: NYP
PARIS (Reuters) - French Environment Minister Nicolas Hulot said on Friday extreme weather conditions like the powerful hurricane bearing down on Florida risked becoming the norm, and took a dig at U.S. President Donald Trump s stance on climate change. In an interview with France 2 TV about Hurricane Irma, Hulot implied that Trump - who has called global warming a hoax - was ignoring the reality of man-made climate change, which most mainstream scientists regard as an established fact. Trump said in May he was pulling the United States out of the landmark 2015 global agreement to fight climate change that was brokered in Paris, saying it would harm the U.S. economy and cost jobs. Irma - described by Trump as a storm of  absolutely historic destructive potential  - pummeled Cuba and the Bahamas on Friday, and a second powerful hurricane was tracking towards the northeastern Caribbean. Asked if the storms might force Trump to rethink his  climate change policy, Hulot said:  What will change in the United States are the federal states, the cities, a whole section of society. I think that is what will make up for the reservations of the American president on the links between cause and effect.    
It s a given that any Democrat from California is going to be against President Trump but this guy is through the roof against Trump to the point where he s seething with bitterness. PLEASE REMEMBER THAT THIS GUY IS PART OF THE COMMITTEE INVESTIGATING TRUMP!I just happened to see this interview and could not believe my ears! Not only are they over the top with the bashing of our president but they are lying through their teeth!Here s exactly what President Trump said about Putin: What I said is, I believe Putin believes that,  Trump said at the press conference in Hanoi, Vietnam.  I believe that he feels that he and Russia did not meddle in the election. As to whether I believe it or not, I m with our agencies, especially as currently constituted, with their leadership. I believe in our intel agencies. I ve worked with them very strongly Rep. Adam Schiff (D. Calif.) said on Monday that President Donald Trump is putting Russian President Vladimir Putin before the interests of the United States. Schiff, Ranking Member of the House Intelligence Committee, agreed with the  Andrea Mitchell Reports  host and argued Trump insinuated with his comments that the intelligence agencies are political and can t be trusted ADAM SCHIFF NEEDS TO GO! He s saying basically    you just can t trust them because they re part of a political establishment, but now I ve got my own political establishment. I m doing my own politicization of the intelligence agencies so now I can rely on them,'  Schiff said. That s a horrible message that nobody within the IC intelligence community believes or accepts, but it denigrates the agencies nonetheless,  Schiff continued.  This is just how he operates. Schiff said Trump is trying to portray the message that everything that came before him was  awful, and bad, and wrong,  and  now everything is great. THE COMMENT BELOW IS UNBELIEVABLE AND A TOTAL LIE: He doesn t put the country first   He s putting Vladimir Putin first,  Schiff said.  He s putting his own that is, Donald Trump s own narrow, personal self-interest before the country, and that is a terrible quality to have in the President of the United States. Read more: WFB
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. House of Representatives Speaker Paul Ryan said on Wednesday that tax reform will take longer to accomplish than repealing and replacing Obamacare would, saying Congress and the White House were initially closer to agreement on healthcare legislation than on tax policy. “The House has a (tax reform) plan but the Senate doesn’t quite have one yet. They’re working on one. The White House hasn’t nailed it down,” Ryan told an audience in Washington.  “So even the three entities aren’t on the same page yet on tax reform,” he added. 
In 1991 a reporter for the London Times found a very interesting memorandum composed in 1983 by Victor Chebrikov, the top man in the KGB.  The memo was addressed to Yuri Andropov, the top man in the USSR.  The subject: Sen. Edward KennedyThe memorandum reads in part:  On 9-10 May of this year, Sen. Edward Kennedy s close friend and trusted confidant [John] Tunney was in Moscow.  The senator charged Tunney to convey the following message, through confidential contacts, to the General Secretary of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union, Y. Andropov. The message included an offer to visit Moscow  The main purpose of the meeting, according to the senator, would be to arm Soviet officials with explanations regarding problems of nuclear disarmament so they may be better prepared and more convincing during appearances in the USA.   Kennedy was offering to help Soviet Russia deal with President Reagan, by telling them how to paint their propaganda picture.Via Forbes: The document,  Kengor continues,  has stood the test of time. I scrutinized it more carefully than anything I ve ever dealt with as a scholar. I showed the document to numerous authorities who deal with Soviet archival material. No one has debunked the memorandum or shown it to be a forgery. Kennedy s office did not deny it. As part of the deal, Kennedy promised to make sure that certain American news networks gave Andropov air time and would go soft on him while still making it look like true journalism.Why would Kennedy do this, you might ask? Tunney remarked that the senator wants to run for president in 1988,  the memorandum continued.  Kennedy does not discount that during the 1984 campaign, the Democratic Party may officially turn to him to lead the fight against the Republicans and elect their candidate president. So apparently, if a democratic senator actually seeks out help from Soviet Russia to beat his opponent, that s ok, but if a Republican cabinet member so much as has contacts in Russia, the gloves come off.(Source: Forbes)
Traditionally, during Mexico s celebration of Holy Week citizens gather in the streets to burn effigies of the infamous Judas Iscariot, the biblical character who is said to have betrayed Jesus.This year, however, the figure of Judas Iscariot was replaced with the effigy of Donald Trump.According to Reuters: In Mexico City s poor La Merced neighborhood, hundreds of cheering residents yelled  death  and various insults as they watched the explosion of the grinning papier-m ch  mock-up of the real estate tycoon, replete with blue blazer, red tie and his trademark tuft of blond hair. Reuters reports that similar rituals were seen across Mexico, from Puebla to Monterrey.According to scholars, the Holy Week effigy burnings are a way of bringing the people together, helping to unite them around a common enemy.Effigies are burned on the night before Easter, which is celebrated throughout Mexico as  Black Saturday. During Black Saturday, burning effigies of Judas in towns like San Miguel de Allende are rampant because it symbolizes his treachery, however, Mexicans would also create effigies that resemble corrupt and  Satanic  politicians. It s clear that the people of Mexico have no love for Donald Trump. And why would they? His racist comments about the Mexican people have been shockingly ignorant and offensive.Trump s presidential campaign has lit a fire of fury across the entire country, provoking angry comments from government officials and sparking anti-Trump protests along with Mexican-American border.Felipe Linares, the artist who created the paper-mache effigy of Trump which was burned in Mexico City, told Reuters that his family has been making Judas Iscariot effigies for more than fifty years.When asked why he decided to make a Trump effigy this year, Linares said, Since he started his campaign and began talking about immigrants, Mexico, and Mexicans, I said  I ve got to get this guy.' Here s an image of the Donald Trump effigy created by Linares burning in Mexico City.YURI CORTEZ/AFP/Getty Images Featured image credit YURI CORTEZ/AFP/Getty Images
Bravo! It s about time some of the conservatives shot back (no pun intended) at the liberal pundits who re doing everything they can to bury Trump. It s gotten so out of hand! Dan Bongino goes at it with Don Lemon Awesome! 
Donald Trump s obsession with lashing out at people on Twitter instead of attending national security briefings caused Michael Moore to plead with him to do his job.Say what you want about the filmmaker, no one can deny that Michael Moore is absolutely right about this issue no matter what side of the political aisle you are on.During an appearance on Late Night with Seth Meyers, Moore pointed out that Trump has only attended 3 out of 21 daily briefings offered to him since Election Day.Needless to say, these briefings are incredibly important because they give president-elects the opportunity to learn more about the threats facing our nation so they are prepared for whatever may happen during their term in office. And as this country brutally learned in 2001, these briefings can warn us about possible terrorist attacks so that we can try to prevent them.But George W. Bush was not engaged as he should have been during his first year as president and also missed or ignored daily briefings. One of those briefings warned that Osama bin Laden was poised to launch a terrorist strike against the United States using airplanes.Bush went fishing and America suffered the consequences on September 11th.But Trump is even worse than President Bush. He would rather spend his time bashing Saturday Night Live on Twitter instead of attending a briefing that may warn of another terrorist attack. And that puts our nation at serious risk. As a CEO, Trump s biggest concern was how to make a profit. Now he has a job that includes being responsible for the lives and safety of all Americans. But he isn t taking it seriously and Michael Moore looked into the camera and spoke directly to Trump asking him to do his job. You have to pay attention, you have to attend these briefings,  Moore said.  This is our country, this is our security, this is our safety. You re horsing around with all this nonsense, and you re not doing your No. 1 job. And the No. 1 job of the president is to make sure the country is safe. I m asking you to do your job. For the sake of the people who may end up dead. Here s the video via YouTube:Donald Trump needs to start taking the presidency seriously. That means attending the daily briefings and studying up on how things work instead of being on Twitter all the time. Because if Trump doesn t do his job, the next terrorist attack will be his fault. And Republicans will not have anyone else to blame but themselves.Featured Image: Screenshot
During the 2016 presidential campaign, President Donald Trump made a lot of promises on immigration. He was going to build a wall between the United States and Mexico, that Mexico would fund. He was going to keep Muslims from coming into the country. Lastly, he was going to cut funding to  sanctuary cities.  Now it looks like none of that is going to happen. The travel bans have been struck down. The border wall is never going to happen. Now, a federal court has ruled against taking funding away from sanctuary cities.Sanctuary cities are those that refuse to work with Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) to deport undocumented immigrants who report crimes. It s important to note that lacking documentation is a civil offense, not a criminal one. This is the second of Trump s main policy initiatives to be struck down because it violates the U.S. Constitution.Both San Francisco and Santa Clara County won orders squashing an executive order, signed by Trump on January 25, 2017 to halt funding to any cities who refuse to deport undocumented immigrants for minor offenses. The president has said these cities can cause,  immeasurable harm to the American people and to the very fabric of our republic.  U.S. District Judge William Orrick did not see it that way. He sided with San Francisco and Santa Clara County.While Trump wants to appear powerful, it is clear that he is not aware of what limits there are on presidential power. The president does not decide how federal funds are spent. That s Congress s job. The budget that is submitted by the White House every year is simply a wish list of what the president would like to see federal money spent on. Congress is under no obligation to follow the budget. By the same token, once funds have been allocated for a program, a president cannot just block that funding because it suits his or her objectives.The White House promises to appeal the decision and Chief of Staff Reince Priebus has said that the courts in California are  going bananas.  He added,  The idea that an agency can t put in some reasonable restriction on how some of these monies are spent is something that will be overturned eventually, and we ll win at the Supreme Court level at some point. For its part, the Department of Justice assets that federal agencies are still allowed to act against any cities or towns that violate or ignore federal immigration laws. Department spokesman Ian Prior said,  The court upheld the government s ability to use lawful means to enforce existing conditions of federal grants,  Ian Prior said in an emailed statement. The ruling is not just a victory for these two jurisdictions. Its impact will be felt in sanctuary cities and jurisdictions across the nation. Cities such as New York, Chicago and Los Angeles. This ruling is also giving energy to Californians who want to be seen as leading the resistance against the Trump administration. The Californian state Senate put through the  California Values Act.  This would turn the entire state into a sanctuary zone.
Ohio State University Assistant Director of Residence Life Stephanie Clemons Thompson may have urged sympathy for suspected Monday attacker Abdul Razak Ali Artan in a Facebook post. The Daily Caller News Foundation was not able to independently verify the authenticity of the post, and Clemons was unavailable for comment at press time.Clemons apparently repeated urging for her friends not to share the Facebook post, suggesting she was aware of the controversial nature of her language.  Daily Caller 
The death of Justice Antonin Scalia at the age of 79, while sad for his family, represents an opportunity to change the Supreme Court and America with a single nomination.The Supreme Court has leaned conservative for decades now, which has had devastating effects om laws and policies that were championed by the Court during the progressive era between the Great Depression and the early 1970s.Only hours after Scalia s death was confirmed, Republicans vowed to block any nominee President Obama makes to replace him. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell has already said that he would rather wait until the next president takes office to confirm a new Justice. Ted Cruz, who hopes to be that next president, has made the same statement.If Republicans have their way, Americans will have a Supreme Court with only eight Justices on the bench for the next year or more instead of doing their job to help fill the new vacancy as soon as possible. That means we could have many cases that end in a tie, unresolved, for that span of time or longer depending on how long it takes for them to get back to the Court. Those cases would have to be brought back to the Court later when it has a full bench again.Scalia s death effectively changes all the cases that are currently on the docket, including an affirmative action case, a public sector unions case, and an abortion case that almost certainly would have gone in favor of conservatives had he lived to make his decision. So these issues could live on to fight another day.And that s why the 2016 Election has become even more important. We have heard multiple times that this election is an important one because the next president could end up making several nominations to the nation s highest court in the next four years. Well, if we weren t taking that seriously before, we certainly must take that seriously now.If Senate Republicans say  no  to confirming any nominee President Obama makes during his last year in office, it would fall to the next president to nominate someone after taking office in 2017. It could delay the Court from settling cases effectively for over a year since we would have to wait for a new president who would then have to go through the nominating process. The nominee would then have to be confirmed in what would likely be a long and grueling process if Republicans still hold the Senate and Democrats remain in control of the White House. Keep in mind that the Senate is up for grabs as well in this election.If a Democrat like Hillary Clinton or Bernie Sanders wins the presidency, we would see a seismic shift in the Court. With one nomination, and the possibility of others over the next 4 to 8 years, the Supreme Court could become a liberal-leaning or liberal-dominated Court that would have the power to not only keep abortion legal and protect affirmative action, it would have the power to reverse decisions made by the Court during Scalia s tenure, including Citizen s United which struck down campaign finance reform and Shelby County v. Holder which weakened the Voting Rights Act. A nomination by a Democratic president would end the constant 5-4 decisions that have rolled America back.If a Republican wins on the other hand, we could end up with a nominee who would be as conservative as Justice Scalia or even more extreme. Ted Cruz is desperate to become president, and you can bet that he ll pick a nominee who would vote to end Obamacare, abortion, same-sex marriage, and basically vote the way conservatives want that new Justice to vote. Conservative dominance of the Court would continue on and any policy that liberals care about would be in serious jeopardy.The next pick for the Supreme Court will have an enormous impact no matter if a Republican or a Democrat makes the selection. But if a Democrat makes the choice, it would certainly have the most impact of all.Senate Republicans could obey precedence and immediately begin the process of confirming a nominee President Obama chooses, therefore the Supreme Court issue wouldn t play nearly as big a role in the election, essentially keeping it out of politics where it belongs. But it looks like Republicans want to play politics with the Court and neglect to do their jobs again in the hope that they can delay long enough so that a Republican can make the selection in 2017, and potentially more selections if other Justices die or retire.In short, it really doesn t matter if Hillary Clinton or Bernie Sanders wins the nomination. What is important is that all Democrats vote for whoever the Democratic candidate is so that a Republican will not be making the choice of who sits on the Supreme Court. America s future could very well depend on it. Featured image from Wikimedia
Never mind that a new poll shows Americans oppose bringing Syrian Refugees to America by a 2-1 margin! Carry on King Barry to hell with the American people For five days a coordinated DC Media has been attacking as racists anyone opposed to President Obama s plan to resettle thousands of Syrians refugees here in America. A new poll shows that the emotional blackmail being hurled by both Obama and his DC Media allies has failed miserably. By nearly 2-to-1 (53% to 28%), Americans oppose the resettlement program.The Obama administration launched a hashtag last night to promote the concept of welcoming Syrian refugees into the United States after a growing number of governors proposed halting the program after the terrorist attacks in Paris.The White House debuted a hashtag on their Facebook page last night: #RefugeesWelcome Even as we intensify our efforts in coordination with our partners to take out ISIL, we cannot turn our backs on those most threatened by the terrorist group,  the message on the White House page read.A video on the page insisted that U.S. law enforcement officials were vetting each of the refugees before allowing them to settle in the United States.On the White House website, Deputy Assistant to the President for Homeland Security Amy Pope denounced Republicans for calling to block refugees in the country. The Administration rejects the flawed view that we can t ensure our own safety while also welcoming refugees desperately seeking their own safety,  she wrote.  The truth is: America can and must do both.  Via: Breitbart News
Yesterday, a man who is likely an illegal alien was arrested on suspicion of arson in the sanctuary county of Sonoma, where wildfires have devasted the lives of hundreds of thousands of Californians and destroyed structures worth billions of dollars. The only news, however, that most of America will read about today, is news of an unproven allegation by a Democrat Representative from Texas about a conversation President Trump allegedly had with a grieving military widow. This story, of course, is a much bigger story, with actual evidence that points to the very real possibility that the Sonoma County Sheriff s office has, in their custody, the arsonist who s responsible for the largest fire in California s history. It s also quite possible, that without the aid of the local and state government officials, who have gone out of their way to protect illegal aliens living in their communities, we wouldn t even be reading about these horrific wildfires.Sonoma County fires have killed dozens. 172 are still missing and 102,000 residents have been dislocated   about one-fifth of the entire population. The latest financial losses include 3,819 unincorporated parcels with 100 structures valued at $2,016,962,239, and 2,907 homes and 86 commercial units lost in the city of Santa Rosa valued at $1.18 billion.Breitbart   The U.S. Immigration & Customs Enforcement Agency (ICE) issued a detainer request on the Sonoma County Jail for Jesus Fabian Gonzalez, who was arrested Sunday on suspicion of arson in Wine Country fires that have killed at least 40 residents.Breitbart News reported earlier this week that Sonoma County Sheriffs had arrested Jesus Fabian Gonzalez, 29, at Maxwell Regional Park in Sonoma County after a series of reports of ongoing fires in the region. Mr. Gonzalez was observed around 3:00 p.m. PDT wearing a jacket and walking  out of the creek area and a plume of smoke behind him,  according to the Santa Rosa Press Democrat.LA Times    He was screaming really bad things at the police when he was arrested,  recalled David Moreno, 29, who witnessed the arrest.  He was yelling things like,  I m going to teach you a lesson you ll never forget. Three Sonoma County probation officers patrolling Maxwell Farms Regional Park just before 3 p.m. noticed a plume of smoke rising from an area near the Sonoma Creek, Sheriff s Department spokeswoman Misti Harris said.Gonzalez walked away from the fire as the officers approached, Harris said. Nobody else was in the area,  Harris said.Sonoma County Sheriff s Department deputies followed Gonzalez to a nearby McDonald s. Gonzalez had  previous contacts  with law enforcement, she said.Gonzalez told police he started the fire because he was cold, Harris said. Officers found a lighter in his pocket.*The recorded temperature at the time that the fires started was a balmy 78 degrees.Some homeless people who knew Gonzalez said that he had a habit of setting fire to brush along the creek bed.Tensions were already high in this smoke-filled region, about 25 miles east of Santa Rosa.Local mechanic Shawn Stephensen, 40, said,  A few days ago I was walking down the street with a gas can and someone driving by stopped to say,  I wouldn t be carrying a thing like that around at a time like this. At first I didn t get it,  Stephensen, who knew Gonzalez, said.  Then it dawned on me    Oh yeah, instant felony case. Mr. Gonzalez was booked into the Sonoma County Jail for suspicion of felony arson. His bail was set at a steep $110,000, according to the Sonoma County Sheriff Public Information Officer.Sargent Spencer Crum told Breitbart that Mr. Gonzalez is also on a U.S. Immigration & Customs Enforcement Agency (ICE) detainer request, despite Sonoma County declaring itself as a  sanctuary county  in May 2014. The county only cooperates with  ICE holds  if the prisoner has been convicted of a felony or any misdemeanor offence that falls within the Trust Act within the last five years. Mr. Gonzalez s immigration status has not yet been announced.The American Civil Liberties Union argues detainers are a violation of  unreasonable searches and seizures  under the U.S. Constitution s Fourth Amendment.The Sonoma County Sheriff Department s  1.0 Policy Statement  reads:  No person shall be held solely on the basis of their immigration status.  The policy adds that  the immigration status of a person, and the lack of immigration documentation, should have no bearing on the manner in which Sheriff s Office personnel execute their duties. Gonzalez is being held on bail of $110,000, according to Sonoma County booking records   $10,000 for the felony arson charge, and $100,000 for a bench warrant issued in Ventura County.Gonzalez was scheduled to be arraigned Monday in a county jail facility because the courts were closed due to the disaster. The arraignment was closed to the public and media.Sonoma County Sheriff Rob Giordano on Tuesday afternoon tried to tamp down speculation that Gonzalez was responsible for fires that have killed more than 40 people in Northern California and destroyed thousands of homes.Sonoma County Sheriff Rob Giordano on Tuesday afternoon tried to tamp down speculation that Gonzalez was responsible for fires that have killed more than 40 people in Northern California and destroyed thousands of homes. There is no indication that he is responsible for these fires,  Giordano said. 
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republican U.S. senators John McCain and Lindsey Graham said on Sunday that President Donald Trump’s order halting arrivals of refugees and others from seven Muslim-majority countries may do more to help recruit terrorists than improve U.S. security. “Ultimately, we fear this executive order will become a self-inflicted wound in the fight against terrorism,” they said in a statement, adding that the United States should not stop green card holders “from returning to the country they call home.” “This executive order sends a signal, intended or not, that America does not want Muslims coming into our country. That is why we fear this executive order may do more to help terrorist recruitment than improve our security,” said McCain, of Arizona, and Graham, of South Carolina. 
FOX News reporter Mike Tobin interviewed former New Black Panther leader Malik Shabazz who promised violence on the Republican National Convention: Malik Shabazz: From what I know many of the groups on the left, mainly the white left, and others, I know for a fact that there s going to be the blocking of highways and there s going to be arrests and there s going to be some things. I hear, that s going to go on next week. It s highly likely there s going to be arrests, there s going to be tear gas. It s going to be happening. This is the same man who called police officers  occupiers !
Despite all efforts to stop this from happening, Donald Trump  cruised to victory  today in the Electoral College, according to the Associated Press. Now, unless something really bizarre happens when Congress certifies the vote, Trump is officially the 45th President of the United States.Iowa s electors cast all six of their votes for Trump, Montana cast all three of theirs for Trump, Michigan cast its 16 for Trump and Florida its 19, and Missouri and Arizona put him up to 245 when their votes came in.It was apparently Texas that put Trump over the 270-vote threshold. Texas said earlier today that they might replace three electors who supposedly were ineligible to hold federal jobs, and there was a fourth who resigned. Election officials would have made sure that any replacements made would be solidly in Trump s camp, and that s exactly what happened.Other than that, though, there was little sign of defection from Republicans, even though there were people who insisted that as many as 30 would  go rogue  and vote for someone else.Now that he s solidified his win, what s going to happen? Well, for one thing, we can probably expect him to continue using his position to make himself richer. The Trump Organization has been pressuring foreign diplomats to hold their events at his hotel in D.C. Trump also canceled a press conference slated for Dec. 15, in which he was supposed to tell us how he was going to divest himself of his businesses.There s a chance he ll be impeached fairly quickly after assuming office because of that, depending on whether there s a case over the Emoluments Clause of the Constitution.Aside from that, though, Trump is now the president. We re probably in for a wild ride, and not in a good way.Photo of Donald Trump by Bill Pugliano/Getty Images. Photo of Hillary Clinton by Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images
Hillary would like American voters to believe the  alt-right  media (new nickname for media who s not afraid to  out  her and the Clinton Crime family) is out to get her and they would be correct. Hillary and Bill have been given a pass by the mainstream media for decades. Thanks to alternative media sources, Hillary is no longer able to behave like the queen of the Clinton Crime Syndicate and get away with it. Hillary should be afraid of the  alt-right boogeyman they can t be bought and won t be frightened by the Clinton Crime family. And best of all, they re not going away until every American knows the truth about #CrookedHillary #HillarysBoogeyMen #Trump #Breitbart @RealAlexJones #pepe #pickle #Brexit #Putin #Harambe https://t.co/Oj98iIxEAZ pic.twitter.com/L2pQjUmdef  BenGarrison Cartoons (@GrrrGraphics) August 29, 2016Here s Hillary interrupting  her seizures, coughing fits and 3-day naps  to call out the  Alt-right :
When Khizr Khan took the stage at the DNC to give a heartfelt speech about the very real sacrifice his Muslim son made in Iraq, and to call out Trump on his anti-Muslim hatred as the height of insult against people like Capt. Khan, many probably expected the GOP to hop on board and repudiate Trump. After all, insulting those who fight to keep us safe from terrorism is just sick and wrong.It seems now that we ll all be waiting a long time to hear them do that. House Speaker Paul Ryan, and Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, have indeed issued statements against Trump, but they re so weak and watery that they re meaningless, empty gestures.McConnell said: Captain Khan was an American hero, and like all Americans I m grateful for the sacrifices that selfless young men like Capt. Khan and their families have made in the war on terror. All Americans should value the patriotic service of the patriots who volunteer to selflessly defend us in the armed services. And as I have long made clear, I agree with the Khans and families across the country that a travel ban of all members of a religion is simply contrary to American values. Some of that is word-salady enough to make us tilt our heads and think,  Say what?  Ultimately, though, McConnell got what he deserved from the Twitterverse. They see right through the meaninglessness of this statement, particularly because it s paired with the GOP s continuing endorsement of Trump.    Paul Ryan s statement wasn t much better. He said:  America s greatness is built on the principles of liberty and preserved by the men and women who wear the uniform to defend it. As I have said on numerous occasions, a religious test for entering our country is not reflective of these fundamental values. I reject it. Many Muslim Americans have served valiantly in our military, and made the ultimate sacrifice. Captain Khan was one such brave example. His sacrifice and that of Khizr and Ghazala Khan should always be honored. Period. His statement is clearer, but no less empty than McConnell s. Twitter saw right through him, too.     Given that Trump has since insulted both Khizr and his wife publicly, instead of apologizing to a grieving family for his cold-hearted fuckery, it s more important than ever for the GOP to publicly reject him. In fact, Khizr has pleaded with them to do just that. They won t, though. These statements make that clear.The only way for Republicans to prove that Trump doesn t speak for them on this issue is to directly and bluntly reject him, since he obviously doesn t represent American values. They should have done this months ago, and they didn t because they re impotent. Now they re stuck supporting Trump, which makes them the party of all the hate Trump spews forth from his black and shriveled soul.Image of Paul Ryan by Joe Raedle/Getty Images. Image of Mitch McConnell by Drew Angerer/Getty Images. Images merged by Rika Christensen
The Republican Party is truly screwed if Fox News is thinking like this.During an appearance on the O Reilly Factor on Friday night, Fox News Sunday host Chris Wallace delivered a scathing analysis of the GOP Debate held on Thursday, calling it an  embarrassment for the Republican Party. Let me just say first of all- big picture- I thought it was an embarrassment for the Republican party. There were a lot of shots taken, a lot of shots scored, but there was precious little vision. Almost no serious discussion of issues, you know, what are are you going to do, how are are you going to improve people s lives? If you saw someone acting presidentially on that stage, you got better eyesight than I do. Here s the video via YouTube:Indeed, the GOP Debate was a complete circus that saw every candidate sniping at each other with ridiculous attacks. Clearly, Trump brought Cruz and Rubio down to his level of gutter politics.Here s a clip demonstrating the debate in a nutshell:// < ![CDATA[ // < ![CDATA[ (function(d, s, id) { var js, fjs = d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0]; if (d.getElementById(id)) return; js = d.createElement(s); js.id = id; js.src = "//connect.facebook.net/en_US/sdk.js#xfbml=1&#038;version=v2.3"; fjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js, fjs);}(document, 'script', 'facebook-jssdk')); // ]]&gt;#GOPDebate In A NutshellIn case you couldn t watch the laughable mess that was the GOP debate, here s the clip that really showcases what it came down to. Do ANY of them seem presidential? Let us know your thoughts in the comments. Want to make it extra fun? Tag your favorite Republican friend and ask them to explain this.Like Americans Against The Republican Party for more!Posted by Americans Against The Republican Party on Thursday, February 25, 2016It truly was a pathetic display that should horrify the Republican Party and the American people. And Republicans only have themselves to blame because they welcomed crazy extremists into the mainstream of the party years ago when they sold out to the Tea Party in 2010. Now it s coming back to bit them in the ass so hard that not even Fox News can spin them out of it.Featured Image: Screenshot
Who would ve guessed? A coalition of U.S.-based Muslim groups claiming that anti-Muslim backlash is on the rise in the wake of the terrorist attacks in Paris and San Bernardino hopes to register one million people to vote before the 2016 election as part of a  civic empowerment initiative. Oussama Jammal, the secretary general of the U.S. Council on Muslim Organizations, also announced in a press conference held Monday at the National Press Club that the group will  seek to increase emergency preparedness for Islamic institutions and individuals to address the rising number of incidents of hate crimes that are unfortunately happening nationwide. While the press conference participants   who hailed from such groups as the Council on American-Islamic Relations (CAIR), the Islamic Society of North America (ISNA), and the Islamic Circle of North America (ICNA)   focused little attention on the recent terrorist attacks, they focused on some of the political rhetoric that has followed.To address what they perceive as public and political backlash, the groups plan the massive Muslim voter outreach as well as a  major educational outreach  which will include a  One America  program aimed at helping non-Muslims understand Islam.One speaker, ISNA vice president Atlaf Husain, urged local, state and federal politicians who  aspire to political victory  to engage Muslims.He also cautioned:  If you as a political candidate choose to spew hatred, bigotry and to vilify Muslim-Americans, you do so at your own political risk. We will use every democratic   small  d    democratic means political strategies to ensure that your candidacy never succeeds. Press conference participants were vague on how the massive Muslim voter registration effort will unfold.Responding to a reporter s question on the matter, Jammal said that the coalition will mobilize the Muslim community through early voting efforts and by busing and shuttling voters to polling stations. Via: Daily Caller
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - When Donald Trump’s administration put together its controversial executive order on immigration, it was Steve Bannon – the populist firebrand fast emerging as the president’s right-hand man – pushing a hard line. Senior officials at the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) interpreted the order to mean that lawful permanent residents - green card holders – who hailed from the seven Muslim-majority countries targeted in the immigration order would not face additional screening when they entered the country.  But they were quickly overruled by Bannon, who is Trump’s chief strategist and oversaw the drafting of the executive order along with White House senior policy adviser Stephen Miller, a close ally of Bannon’s, the officials said. “They were in charge of this operation,” one senior DHS official said, adding that the experts were “almost immediately overruled by the White House, which means by Bannon and Miller.” A senior national security official described the pair as a “tag team” pushing Trump’s key policies, including the immigration order which bars the entry of refugees and places a temporary hold on people from seven countries - Syria, Yemen, Iraq, Iran, Sudan, Somalia and Libya. The inclusion of green card holders from those countries intensified opposition to an executive order that sparked legal challenges, protests at airports and sharp criticism from inside the Republican Party, including from some Trump allies. DHS officials say there was little or no White House consultation with immigration, customs and border security agencies on the immigration policy change, causing widespread confusion over how to implement Trump’s order. A senior administration official said the order went through a review by “key people” at DHS and the White House National Security Council, and that several immigration staff on Capitol Hill were involved in drafting the order.  But officials said Bannon was the driving force throughout. The White House declined to comment on his role. Critics have accused Bannon of harboring anti-Semitic and white nationalist sentiments. Under Bannon’s leadership, his Breitbart website presented a number of conspiracy theories about Trump’s Democratic rival in the 2016 election, Hillary Clinton, as well as Republicans deemed to be lacking in conservative bona fides. Bannon has ascribed his interest in populism and American nationalism to a desire to curb what he views as the corrosive effects of globalization. He has rejected what he called the “ethno-nationalist” tendencies of some in the movement. After becoming chief executive of Trump’s election campaign in August, the former Goldman Sachs banker and Navy veteran helped lead him to victory over Clinton. He was then appointed by Trump as senior counselor and chief strategist - jobs not subject to U.S. Senate confirmation. He has been an almost constant presence by Trump’s side in the first 10 days of the administration - in the White House for a meeting with American manufacturers, at CIA headquarters the day after Trump was sworn in, and in the Oval Office during British Prime Minister Theresa May’s visit. He appears to have greatly expanded his power in the first 10 days of Trump’s presidency. Trump gave him an unprecedented seat in the NSC’s top-level meetings and potentially narrowed the role played by the director of national intelligence (DNI) and the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff. Bannon has also asserted authority over almost all written statements from the White House and the NSC and has sent back documents for rewrites as he sees fit, one NSC official said, speaking on condition of anonymity.  Critics, including four senior U.S. intelligence officers, called the decision to formalize Bannon’s role at the NSC meetings a mistake, saying it risks politicizing decisions on national security. White House spokesman Sean Spicer on Monday defended Bannon’s inclusion in the NSC. Susan Rice, the former national security adviser in former President Barack Obama’s administration, tweeted on Sunday: “This is stone cold crazy. After a week of crazy.”  Bannon and Miller are drowning out the opinions of more moderate advisers like White House Chief of Staff Reince Priebus, said a senior DHS official and two people in Washington who work closely with the White House on immigration and a range of other issues. One of those people and the DHS official said Priebus felt he had placed enough of his fellow moderate Republicans in key positions at the White House as a counterbalance to Bannon and Miller, but he has been frustrated at their outsized influence so far, especially on issues of immigration and national security.  The White House dismissed the views of the officials as gossip. 
Donald Trump s White House is the leakiest in living memory. This is because the people around him understand that he is incompetent and never should have been president in the first place. They simply work there to hold things together, not because they like it. Working for Donald Trump is the hardest job in Washington these days. To make that worse, Trump is increasingly volatile due to the fact that he now realizes just how much trouble he could be in over the Special Counsel investigation into Russia.When a Trump adviser was interviewed for a Politico article on the Russia scandal and Trump s flirtation with ordering the firing of Special Counsel Robert Mueller, naturally at one point a comparison to President Richard Nixon s  Saturday Night Massacre  was made. However, it might be Nixon s ghost that keeps Trump from doing it. It seems that the orange wannabe president is not oblivious to how Nixonian people think he is. It has also been pointed out that many lawyers in the modern day Department of Justice likely would not do Trump s bidding, no matter how many people he fired. Brian Fallon, formerly of the Obama Justice Department and the Clinton campaign says of the situation: I think the Watergate scenario would make most self-respecting lawyers loath to put themselves in the role that Bork ended up playing. Most career-minded independent lawyers that have high regard for the Justice Department as an institution would be loath to be the modern-day equivalent to Bork. An unnamed adviser to Trump says that Trump is definitely aware of what such actions would look like. From Politico:But Trump, too, is cognizant of the comparison to Nixon, according to one adviser. The president, who friends said does not enjoy living in Washington and is strained by the demanding hours of the job, is motivated to carry on because he  doesn t want to go down in history as a guy who tried and failed,  said the adviser.  He doesn t want to be the second president in history to resign. Of course he doesn t want to look like a loser to the entire nation and world. Trump only got himself elected to prove that he could do it. He never actually wanted the job, or even believed he could do it. He just wanted to prove everyone wrong and sit in the Oval Office like some kind of king, lording over everyone. However, he is quickly learning that the federal government is not the Trump Organization, and that he is not above the law. The best thing that could happen is for the whole administration to wind up in prison for treason, and we get a new election and elect someone competent to run this great nation.Featured image via Mark Wilson/Getty Images
GOP Rep. Jim Jordan on Lou Dobbs: Listen you can t make this stuff up. It gets worse each and every day. What deep down scares me, if this actually happened the FBI had a concerted effort with the people at the top to go after one party s nominee to help the other party s nominee. If that actually happened in the United States of America and everything each and every day points to more and more likely that that is what took place, it is sad for our country if that took place. And I think it did based on everything I am seeing. All the evidence points to that..@Jim_Jordan on Peter Strzok: "In case the American people, in his mind, are crazy enough to elect Donald Trump we need something else to stop Trump. That's what this guy was thinking at the highest levels  at the FBI." pic.twitter.com/vNWUhDvDuE  FOX Business (@FoxBusiness) December 14, 2017The Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein testified yesterday about the clear case of corruption and political bias in our intel agencies. Changing Hillary s charge from grossly negligent to extremely careless is disturbing enough but it s clear that Jim Jordan knows this goes much deeper. Hillary was protected by the political hacks in the intel agencies but a target was put on President Trump s back using the FISA court to open up spying on the him and those around him using a doctored up opposition research document that was never proven to be anywhere close to true The questioning from Jordan is well worth watching:BYRON YORK:An insurance policy? From the Strzok-Page texts. https://t.co/Ru5P1dWFXI pic.twitter.com/hiyApwb7Jg  Byron York (@ByronYork) December 13, 2017BRET BAIER:Text-from Peter Strzok to Lisa Page (Andy is Andrew McCabe): "I want to believe the path u threw out 4 consideration in Andy's office-that there's no way he gets elected-but I'm afraid we can't take that risk.It's like an insurance policy in unlikely event u die be4 you're 40"  Bret Baier (@BretBaier) December 13, 2017ANDREW MCCARTHY COMMENTED ON THE TWEET THAT EXPOSED THE AGENTS FOR THEIR POLITICAL BIAS:Obviously, this is not political banter. Clearly indicates professional duties infected by political viewpoints, which is disqualifying. I was going on the published accounts I'd seen, which didn't include this one. Should follow my own advice to wait til all facts in. https://t.co/fXk7GPnk5U  Andrew C. McCarthy (@AndrewCMcCarthy) December 13, 2017
(Reuters) - The sixth televised Republican presidential debate, hosted by Fox Business Network on Thursday night, had millions on social media weighing in on immigration, guns and jobs, among other issues. Here are the talking points that went viral: The most-tweeted topics during the #GOPDebate were, in order: 1. Foreign affairs 2. Gun control 3. The economy The three most-tweeted moments were, in order: 1. New Jersey Governor Chris Christie’s punchy statement directed at President Barack Obama: “We’re going to kick your rear end out of the White House.” 2. The comment by Ted Cruz, a U.S. senator from Texas, about New York “values” and real estate mogul Donald Trump’s response, which referred to the city’s recovery from the Sept. 11, 2001 attacks. 3. Trump and Cruz’s sparring over polls. On Facebook, the top issues discussed during the Republican debate were, in order: 1. Iran 2. Immigration 3. Islamic State (ISIS) 4. The economy  5. Guns Trump, front-runner in the race to be the Republican nominee for the November presidential election, was the top searched candidate during the debate, followed by Cruz and Florida Senator Marco Rubio, according to Google Trends data.  
(Reuters) - A group of Republicans in the U.S. House of Representatives on Wednesday urged keeping federal tax breaks on private activity bonds sold by the developers of hospitals, nursing homes, airports and toll roads to reduce costs. A tax bill in Congress to eliminate that exemption, plus tax breaks on advance refunding bonds used to lower interest costs, stunned the $3.8 trillion municipal debt market. U.S. Representative Randy Hultgren, an Illinois Republican and co-chair of the Congressional Municipal Finance Caucus, said a letter he and 20 other Congressmen signed to object to the proposals was aimed at highlighting the value of tax-free debt issuance. “It’s really important for projects. We’ve seen multiple returns in jobs created,” he said, adding that supporters will continue to push to retain these tax exemptions as the bills work their way through Congress. The proposals are incompatible with President Donald Trump’s push for greater infrastructure investment, the letter stated. “This change in policy contradicts the growing need of the federal government to rely more, not less, on states and municipalities, as well as the private sector, to help to finance needed infrastructure in a market driven, cost effective manner,” the letter said. It added that advance refunding of municipal debt issues  over the last five years will translate into saving taxpayers in every state billions of dollars in interest costs. Legislation that passed the House earlier this month, as well as a bill pending in the Senate would disallow states, cities, schools and other issuers from refinancing on a tax-exempt basis bonds that are more than 90 days from the date the debt can be bought back by an issuer. This is done by issuers in order to save money by taking advantage of lower market interest rates. Current refundings of debt within a 90-day call date window would remain tax-exempt.  The House bill would also yank the tax exemption for new private activity bonds (PABs) used by nonprofit organizations and governments to finance projects including hospitals, nursing homes, colleges, affordable housing, economic development, ports, toll roads and airports at lower costs. Tim Fisher, legislative and federal affairs coordinator for the Council of Development Finance Agencies, said the letter may help if and when a Congressional conference committee meets to hash out differences between the House and Senate bills. “(The letter) is a good sign that shows certain House Republicans are willing to go on the record,” he said. The elimination of PABs would raise nearly $39 billion for the federal government between 2018 and 2027, while removing tax-exemption for advance refunding bonds would generate $17.3 billion over that time period, according to an estimate from the Joint Committee on Taxation. 
The U.S. Senate Intelligence Committee hearing with Attorney General Jeff Sessions took place today in what turned out to be quite the drama show. An obviously nervous and intimidated Jeff Sessions skirted around a lot of tough questions asked by Senators about Trump and Russia. Kamala Harris (D-CA) was interrupted multiple times by Sessions and a Republican senator. Harris, a former hard-hitting prosecutor, tore into Sessions on Twitter for being so scared to answer her simple questions.It was a simple question. Can Sessions point to the policy, in writing, that allows him to not answer a whole host of our questions today.  Kamala Harris (@KamalaHarris) June 13, 2017It's unacceptable that Sessions   the top law enforcement official in the country   cannot name his legal basis for evading questions.  Kamala Harris (@SenKamalaHarris) June 13, 2017 I don t know.   I don t recall.   I don t remember.  Did you refresh your memory with any written documents? #SessionsHearing  Kamala Harris (@KamalaHarris) June 13, 2017Before becoming a Senator, Harris built a reputation as a fierce prosecutor in the courtroom while heading the Career Criminal Unit in the District Attorney s Office of San Francisco. She also became the Attorney General of California.Kamala doesn t hold back when it comes to getting the answers Americans need and deserve.Watch the show go do in a dramatic exchange with Senators Kamala Harris, John McCain, and Richard Burr at the hearing today.Featured image via screencapture
Today, President Obama endorsed Hillary Clinton for President of the United States. The media was abuzz, Clinton s campaign website saw a spike in viewership, and Sanders supporters started uniting behind the nominee.But there was one person who was not impressed: Donald J. Trump.In typical Trump fashion, the blowhard Republican nominee decided to take to his precious Twitter account to bash both President Obama and Hillary Clinton:Obama just endorsed Crooked Hillary. He wants four more years of Obama but nobody else does!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 9, 2016Clinton, who has chided the Republican candidate over his sophomoric use of Twitter, clearly didn t have time for his crap, so she decided to send a message (a message most Americans probably agree with): Delete your account. https://t.co/Oa92sncRQY  Hillary Clinton (@HillaryClinton) June 9, 2016In the Twitter world, then one tells another to  delete your account,  that usually means the person has said something so incredibly stupid or offensive that they shouldn t have the grace of even being on social media   in Trump s case, that s exactly what Clinton s implying.Now the number of retweets doesn t explicitly show who is more favored, but it should be noted Trump s cheap, little attack got a mere 11 thousand RT s while Clinton s cool, confident comeback reached over 140 thousand (and counting)   the most on her Twitter account.But in all seriousness, Clinton, who plans a major speech denouncing Trump similar to the one she gave last week, is done with his Twitter games and is ready to take him on in the general.Mainstream media is already branding this the beginning of the Twitter wars, but some would argue the Twitter wars happened when Clinton reminded Trump of all his stupid comments from the past:You literally said all those things. https://t.co/6VX5AfR7gL https://t.co/U8LfWdPU7x  Hillary Clinton (@HillaryClinton) June 3, 2016One lesson Clinton seems to be learning from the 2008 campaign is the use of social media, which the Obama campaign used to help usher in a win.The message is clear: Donald Trump is unstable, and he really should delete his account.Featured image via Justin Sullivan/Getty Images
Germans call it Backpfeifengesicht. It s a colloquialism which translated means  a face that needs to be hit.  However, you don t need to be German to want to punch Ted Cruz in the face. While there hasn t been any formal polling on the question, I personally would feel safe wagering money on it being over 50 percent of America. But what does this all mean? Are we a nation of unreasonable bullies for wanting this?Doctor Richard Cytowic has taken some time to explain to America why they are not a nation of bad people for their burning desire to smash a knuckle sandwich into Ted Cruz s jaw. It turns out this is all a very natural and very scientific thing we are experiencing.While I would never actually suggest someone would do something like punch Ted Cruz in the face (I m not suggesting they don t either), the feeling that you want to means you are operating at a normal mental state   so just enjoy the feeling and embrace it within reason.Dr. Cytowic explained that humans learn to read facial expressions from the day they are born. It s one of our most rudimentary and instinctual means of communication. Our brains have had a million years of practice at reading facial expressions, generating an instant like or dislike of the person that they are attached to. To put it more simply, it s an evolutionary survival trait to determine friend from foe, and our brains are extremely good at it by now.With this in mind, it explains a lot about why practically everyone hates Ted Cruz. It isn t just his policy. There are oodles of idiot Republicans we could hate for that same reason. Ted brings out a more visceral and emotional reaction, unlike most others. Even among his fellow Republicans nobody likes him, and that says a lot.Dr. Cytowic goes on to describe how Cruz s facial expressions do not shift the way normal Human expression does. He has rarely observed a normal smile from Ted Cruz. In a normal smile the corners of the mouth go up, and the muscles circling the eyes contract making them narrow and forming crow s feet at the outside corners. When it comes to Ted, his mouth just tightens into a straight line, and on the rare occasion that it deviates from this, the corners bend downward.  The outside of his eyes bend downward as well, which is completely opposite of what is normal, as the eyebrows typically bend upwards.To put it simply, Ted Cruz has a look of disgust on his face that only gets worse when he tries to look happy and smile. It s like he is some kind of anti-politician, because you would think that someone who has his kind of fan base would naturally be able to express themselves more pleasantly. So remember, when you see Ted on TV and you want to throw something at the screen, it means you re ok because it s only natural.Featured image from Twitter 
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republican Donald Trump’s choice of Indiana Governor Mike Pence as his vice presidential running mate on Friday helped bolster support among some conservatives skeptical about his policies, a crucial step as he prepares to accept the party’s nomination next week. Some conservatives who had fought against Trump’s ascendancy in the Republican nominating race welcomed his announcement that he had picked Pence, a well-known social and evangelical conservative. The Club for Growth, a conservative economic group, had sharply criticized Trump’s support for protectionist trade policies. On Friday, the group noted that as a member of the House of Representatives, Pence had been a strong voice for “free markets and economic liberty” at a time when the Republican leadership had been weak on these issues. “Today’s news gives a similar hope that Mike Pence will be  effective in pulling the Republican ticket toward economic conservatism and limited government,” the group said. Other conservatives were also heartened by Trump’s VP pick, which the businessman announced in a tweet ahead of a joint appearance in his hometown of New York on Saturday. “Pence is a principled conservative, man of faith, and talented messenger for Republican ideas,” said Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell. “His addition to the ticket will bring even more excitement to the voters who are eager to put a Republican in the White House and deny a third term for President Obama’s liberal agenda.” Trump, 70, chose Pence, 57, over two politicians he considers friends and close advisers, former House of Representatives Speaker Newt Gingrich, 73, and New Jersey Governor Chris Christie, 53. Pence is viewed as a safe choice for Trump. The Indiana governor’s low-key demeanor is a contrast to that of the bombastic real estate developer. And he could take the fight to the Democrats in the months leading up to the Nov. 8 election without upstaging Trump. He and Trump will have to smooth over some policy differences. Pence has said he does not support trade protectionism or a temporary ban on Muslims entering the United States, two policies that are central to Trump’s campaign message. In his first public remarks after Trump announced his running mate, Pence appeared to soften his opposition to a temporary ban on Muslims entering the country after he called it  “offensive and unconstitutional” in a tweet last December. “I am very supportive of Donald Trump’s call to temporarily suspend immigration from countries where terrorist influence and impact represents a threat to the United States,” Pence told conservative Fox News commentator Sean Hannity. “We have no higher priority than the safety and security of the American people,” Pence said, adding that he suspended a Syrian refugee program in Indiana after a shooting rampage last year in San Bernardino, California.  Pence also said he “absolutely” backed Trump’s promise to build a wall between the United States and Mexico to stem illegal immigration and make Mexico pay for it. Trump said Pence had done a great job in Indiana and that of all the people he had interviewed for the job, “there’s nobody that agrees with me fully on everything.” Pence’s selection was slammed by Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton’s campaign. “By picking Mike Pence as his running mate, Donald Trump has doubled down on some of his most disturbing beliefs by choosing an incredibly divisive and unpopular running mate known for supporting discriminatory politics and failed economic policies that favor millionaires and corporations over working families,” said Clinton campaign Chairman John Podesta. Trump had faced a midday Friday deadline to announce Pence because the governor had to declare by then whether he would be on the ballot in his home state for re-election. Trump had postponed his announcement, which had been planned for Friday, out of respect for the victims in Nice, France. An attacker in a heavy truck drove into crowds celebrating Bastille Day, killing at least 84 people and injuring scores more in what President Francois Hollande called a terrorist act. Trump is set to be formally nominated as the party’s candidate for the presidential election at the convention, which opens in Cleveland on Monday. Traditionally, the vice presidential choice is used to build enthusiasm among party loyalists. The Republican National Committee expects the convention to draw 50,000 people to the Ohio city, whose population is about 390,000. U.S. authorities were preparing for the possibility of violence, whether from demonstrators or planned attacks. The Cleveland conclave and the Democratic Party Convention the following week in Philadelphia have been given the status of special national security event by the federal government for the first time, and security will be heightened, said Republican Party spokesman Sean Spicer. The Department of Homeland Security will send more than 3,000 personnel to each convention, Secretary Jeh Johnson said on Thursday, speaking before the Nice attack. No specific or credible threat to either gathering has been reported, he said. 
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A new Republican bill to replace Obamacare will be unveiled in the U.S. Senate on Monday with backing from President Donald Trump, according to one of two Republican senators who have crafted the legislation. The lawmaker, Senator Bill Cassidy of Louisiana, told reporters he was optimistic the legislation could pass before a Sept. 30 deadline, if it can attract the bare minimum of 50 votes needed to succeed in the Republican-led Senate with tie-breaking support from Vice President Mike Pence. The bill, which Cassidy is sponsoring with Senator Lindsey Graham of South Carolina, could revive Republican hopes of overturning the Affordable Care Act weeks after their last attempt on July 28 came up one vote short in a humiliating defeat for Trump and Senate Republican leader Mitch McConnell. The new measure, which would give more healthcare powers to the states, is a revamped version of legislation that did not gain enough support during the summer healthcare debate.   “Mitch has said that if we get 50 votes, he’ll hold a vote. I can tell you that the president’s all about it,” said Cassidy, noting the bill had also drawn some favorable comment from a key July ‘no’ vote, Republican Senator John McCain of Arizona. Some Senate Republicans doubt there will be a successful last-ditch effort this year to replace former Democratic President Barack Obama’s signature healthcare law.  “It is not easy to get 50-plus-one (votes). Everybody’s kind of got another idea. But I’m open to it,” said Senate Majority Whip John Cornyn, the chamber’s No. 2 Republican. Cassidy said the legislation has had fulsome support from White House officials including Pence, who he said had sought to rally the support of state governors. Graham and former Republican Senator Rick Santorum have held discussions with the conservative House Freedom Caucus, which played a key role in getting an Obamacare repeal bill through the House of Representatives earlier this year.  If approved in the Senate, the bill would need to be reconciled with the House legislation. Both chambers would then need to vote a second time. Since Democrats oppose repealing Obamacare, Republicans need to use a parliamentary procedure known as reconciliation to move healthcare legislation on a simple majority through the Senate, which they control by a 52-48 margin. The tool that allows reconciliation is contained in a 2017 budget resolution that will expire with the fiscal year on Sept. 30. 
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Two prominent U.S. Democratic senators are raising questions about President Donald Trump’s special adviser, Carl Icahn, asking in a letter on Thursday if the activist investor is attempting to persuade the government to lift its “too big to fail” tag from insurer American International Group. On Friday, the Financial Stability Oversight Council, comprising the chiefs of U.S. financial regulatory agencies, will discuss AIG’s designation as a “systemically important financial institution,” commonly known as one that is “too big to fail.” In an agenda for the meeting, the council did not say which institution it will discuss.  However, there are only two non-banks designated as so large and interconnected that they would ruin the financial system if they failed - AIG and Prudential Insurance (PRU.N). The labels trigger stricter oversight and greater capital requirements. Trump has ordered a review of the designation process, currently at the heart of a lawsuit involving MetLife Inc. (MET.N), which many expect will lead his administration to rescind the current designations to try to lighten regulation it considers burdensome.  In a letter to U.S. Treasury Secretary Steve Mnuchin, Senators Elizabeth Warren and Sheldon Whitehouse said Icahn has retained “his massive business interests” while advising Trump on regulation, including his sizable investment in AIG (AIG.N).  AIG company received a $182 billion taxpayer bailout during the 2007-09 financial crisis, which prompted Congress to call for the designations of non-banks in the Dodd-Frank Wall Street reform law as systemically important. Icahn owned a 4.95 percent stake in AIG as of March 31. Concerned about compliance costs, Icahn had publicly pressed AIG to shrink, and tried to convince the FSOC that AIG no longer qualified for the label. Recently though, after AIG sold some assets and appointed a new chief executive, Icahn has not pushed the issue further.      Senators Warren and Whitehouse also noted Icahn met with one current FSOC member, Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) Chair Jay Clayton, after Clayton was nominated for the position. “Given Mr. Icahn’s recent modification of his position on the breakup of AIG, and his past interactions with administration officials, we write to seek assurances that Mr. Icahn has not provided input on or received information on the pending FSOC decision on AIG’s SIFI status,” they said. The two senators asked about any FSOC measures to ensure  individuals with an interest in its decisions do not inappropriately influence its members. They also asked if any members are subject to recusal on AIG because of interactions with Icahn, and about any staff-level conversations regarding Icahn’s investments. AIG declined to comment, and the White House and Treasury did not respond to requests for comment. 
VATICAN CITY (Reuters) - The Vatican said on Saturday it had opened an investigation into  reports that a former teenage altar boy, who allegedly repeatedly forced a dormitory mate to have sex with him, went on to become a priest. The allegations concerning the St. Pius X Institute, known as a pre-seminary, were made in a recent book and in Italian television reports. The pre-seminary is a residence inside the Vatican for altar boys who serve at masses in St. Peter s Basilica mostly presided over by priests, bishops and cardinals. At times they also participate in papal liturgies.  The boys go to Italian schools while they live in the Vatican, a sovereign city-state surrounded by Rome. The reports said that despite complaints to superiors against the teenager, he was accepted into what is known as a major seminary when he became an adult. He was later ordained a priest and is now serving in a parish in northern Italy, they said. The statement said an initial investigation in 2013 had resulted in  no adequate confirmation . A new investigation had been opened following the latest reports in order to try to shed  full light on what really happened , it added. 
DENVER (Reuters) - A Colorado talk radio host who once chaired the state Republican Party and has accused Democrats of widespread voter fraud has been charged with forging his ex-wife’s signature on a mail-in ballot in the 2016 election, court records showed on Wednesday. Steven Curtis, 57, who served as state GOP boss from 1997 until 1999, is charged with one felony count of forgery and one misdemeanor count of tampering with a mail-in ballot, according to a criminal complaint filed in Weld County District Court. The case stems from an inquiry lodged with the Weld County Clerk and Recorder’s Office by Curtis’s former spouse, Kelly Ireland, who contacted the agency in October to check on the status of her voter registration after the couple split. Ireland was informed then that a signed mail-in ballot bearing her name and voter information had already been submitted, according to Carly Koppes, an elected Republican who serves as the county clerk. “At that point, my office researched the situation further, and the signature was questionable, so we then contacted the District Attorney’s Office to start an investigation,” Koppes  told Reuters. If convicted, Curtis faces a maximum three years in prison for forgery and up to 18 months in jail and a $5,000 fine for ballot-tampering, said Tyler Hill, a spokesman for the district attorney. Curtis’s lawyer, Christopher Gregory, declined comment. The former Republican Party boss hosts a morning political talk show on conservative Denver radio station KLZ-AM called “Wake Up With Steve Curtis.” Curtis spoke about election tampering in a segment titled “Voter Fraud and Other Democratic Misbehaviors” on his Oct. 6, 2016 broadcast. “It seems to me, and correct me if I’m wrong, but virtually every case of voter fraud I can remember in my lifetime was committed by Democrats,” Cutis said, according to an archived podcast on the station’s website. Prosecutors allege that weeks after that broadcast, he forged his ex-wife’s ballot. A spokeswoman for Colorado Secretary of State Wayne Williams said the Curtis case is the only allegation of voter fraud in the state from the 2016 election cycle that has resulted in a prosecution. Curtis on Tuesday made his first appearance in court, where he was advised of the charges. A disposition hearing has been set for May, the District Attorney’s Office said. Republican President Donald Trump has claimed, without presenting evidence, that millions of illegal voters cast ballots in the 2016 election. 
SATURDAY NGHT LIVE S COLD OPEN last night brought back Larry David as Bernie Sanders in a great skit about the Brooklyn debate. Julia Louis-Dreyfus reprises her role as Elaine Benes from  Seinfeld    The best part of the skit was Kate McKinnon who s spot on as Hillary Clinton. 
So the NYSE, Wall Street Journal and United Airlines have all been experiencing  technical issues,  but there s no correlation?United Airlines grounded flights across the country for part of Wednesday after experiencing computer problems.An airline spokeswoman said that a router problem reduced  network connectivity  for several software applications.Around midday, spokeswoman Jennifer Dohm said,  We fixed the router issue, which is enabling us to restore normal functions. The Federal Aviation Administration lifted a ground-stop order after nearly two hours, allowing United planes to fly again.United did not immediately say how many flights were affected.United, the nation s second-biggest airline, has suffered similar technology problems before, also leading to mass delays and cancellations.The airline briefly halted all takeoffs in the U.S. on June 2 because of a problem in its flight-dispatching system. United said then that about 150 flights were affected.United also struggled through a series of computer outages in 2012 after switching to the passenger-information system of Continental Airlines after that carrier merged with United. Those outages caused hundreds of flights to be delayed. High-paying business travelers were outraged; United CEO Jeff Smisek apologized for failing to provide good customer service.After a 2010 merger, United elected to combine many computer systems and frequent-flier programs all at once. Executives believed that any disruptions would thus be short-lived. By contrast, Delta and Northwest integrated their systems in stages after a 2008 merger, and American Airlines is taking Delta s same go-slow approach now as it absorbs US Airways.Other airlines, however, have also been hit by computer problems. In April, more than 50 American flights were delayed when a software glitch prevented pilots from seeing some airport maps on their tablet computers.After Wednesday s problems, United apologized to customers and said they could change travel plans without being charged the usual $200 reservation-change fee. In some cases, the airline said it would also waive any difference in fare for the rescheduled trip. We don t know everything behind this morning s issues yet, but today s incident underscores the sense that something is very wrong at United,  said Gary Leff, co-founder of frequent-flier website MilePoint.Shares of Chicago-based United Continental Holdings Inc. fell $1.25, or 2.3 percent, to $53.06 in midday trading.WSJ: The Wall Street Journal s website homepage was not accessible Wednesday afternoon, shortly after the New York Stock Exchange had to shut down due to a computer glitch. The WSJ.com displayed a 504 error, which means the server was acting too slow to process HTTP requests and therefore be visible by users.The error appeared on the desktop version of the site, tested in Google Chrome and Safari. The website s homepage still functioned on mobile browsers. On desktop, individual pages of the Wall Street Journal were accessible.UPDATE, 12:30 p.m. EDT: A modified version of the homepage went online shortly after the glitch. The site now reads,  WSJ.com is having technical difficulties. The full site will return shortly.  We reached out to Dow Jones, the Wall Street Journal s parent company, for comment on the glitch, and are waiting to hear back.The Wall Street Journal s website homepage was not accessible Wednesday afternoon, shortly after the New York Stock Exchange had to shut down due to a computer glitch. The WSJ.com displayed a 504 error, which means the server was acting too slow to process HTTP requests and therefore be visible by users.The error appeared on the desktop version of the site, tested in Google Chrome and Safari. The website s homepage still functioned on mobile browsers. On desktop, individual pages of the Wall Street Journal were accessible.UPDATE, 12:30 p.m. EDT: A modified version of the homepage went online shortly after the glitch. The site now reads,  WSJ.com is having technical difficulties. The full site will return shortly.  We reached out to Dow Jones, the Wall Street Journal s parent company, for comment on the glitch, and are waiting to hear back.UPDATE, 12:50 p.m. EDT: The Wall Street Journal s homepage is back up in full form after Wednesday s outage. Dow Jones has yet to issue comment. Via: IB TimesFind updated story on NYSE shutdown here: https://100percentfedup.com/breaking-nyse-shut-down-all-trading-suspended/
The Satanic Temple just forced a total shutdown of all prayer at Phoenix City Council meetings, by requesting that they also be allowed to offer prayers at the start of meetings like their Christian counterparts.Phoenix lawmakers have been trying to figure out what to do regarding the request for weeks. They couldn t allow all prayer, because it would have meant they supported Satanists in some people s minds. They couldn t allow only Christian prayer, due to inevitable lawsuits, so ultimately they came to what shouldn t be   but is   a very controversial solution: Banning prayer completely from the meetings.Lawmakers decided in a 5-4 vote that council meetings will now begin with a moment of silence instead of a Christian prayer. The moment of silence is intended to allow individuals to pray to whatever god is their personal choice, and leaves it out of the public domain completely. This is a pretty reasonable solution, since there isn t to be any mingling of church and state. However, these are red state Christian extremists we are talking about. Their struggle is REAL.The objections have been emotional, loud and generally ignorant. Christians are pushing for their right to pray, but they don t seem to understand the fact they can t allow their prayers while banning others. The Phoenix council had an option of either allowing the alternate prayers, or banning them while facing a First Amendment-based lawsuit that is practically a guaranteed loss for them. They chose a third option of banning all prayer (the best option) completely. Now they are being threatened with even more lawsuits from Christians that want to insert religion into government   as long as it s only Christian religion.The blubbering outcry by the Christian extremists is almost comical. Councilman Sal DiCiccio said: This is what that Satanist group wants. A moment of silence is basically a banning of prayer. It s to agree to the Satanic goal to ban prayer. Yup, that s it alright. They just let The Devil win! Actually, the Founding Fathers had the crazy idea to ban religion from public governance, but hey, facts don t really matter when it comes to religion.There were a great deal of gasps and clutching of pearls, but somehow Phoenix was not consumed by the desert in a massive sandstorm by the wrath of God. Frogs have chosen to not fall from the sky and the firstborn of Arizona are currently safe from the angel of death. Funny isn t it, how Republicans claim America is a  Christian  nation, but the only ones who care about the Constitution are the atheists, agnostics, and Satanists these days.Watch Christian outcry on the victory of Satan over Freedom below:Featured image from video screen capture
Proving what we already knew, loyalty to radical Islam first, female family members dead last literally.AN ISLAMIC State (ISIS) jihadi has executed his own mother before a baying crowd after she urged him to flee the terror organization.The rights group Raqqa is Being Slaughtered Silently (RBSS) said 20-year-old Ali Saqr killed his 45-year-old mother Leena Al-Qasem for abandoning Islam.The postal worker was executed outside the post office where she worked in the ISIS-held city of Raqqa as hundreds looked on.It is believed she was shot with the Syrian Network for Human Rights reporting that her actual crime was  communicating with a third party .The brutal regime regularly carries out public executions with images of people being beheaded, shot and burnt posted online.RBSS posted a picture of a man it claimed was Ali Saqir and an initial Tweet saying his mother was 35-years-old was later changed to say she was 45.The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights also confirmed the killing saying they had been able to document it.The group said its activists were able to verify that the woman, from the city of al-Tabaqa, was sentenced to death under the pretext of  inciting her son to leave the Islamic State  with a view to fleeing from Raqqa.She reportedly told her son that the coalition would  kill all members of the organisation  and he had to leave with her.However, her son, a member of the murderous regime wich is also known as Daesh, reported his mother to ISIS leaders for apostasy and later carried out the savage killing.The news emerged after it was revealed that well-respected journalist, Ruqia Hassan, was also executed by ISIS for writing about life in the beleaguered city of Raqqa.The 30-year-old was accused of being a spy and was executed.Via: UK Express 
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Senate confirmed private equity executive William Hagerty on Thursday as President Donald Trump’s ambassador to Japan, filling a post considered especially crucial in light of neighboring North Korea’s recent missile tests. The vote was 86 to 12 in the 100-member Senate.  Hagerty, founder of the private equity firm Hagerty Peterson, spent several years in Japan with the Boston Consulting Group and later served in the White House under former President George H.W. Bush. Trump’s choice of Hagerty was taken as a sign of the interest in economic ties to Japan by the Republican president, a real estate developer and reality television star, who had never held public office when he was elected in November. North Korea has been worrying and frustrating neighboring countries and U.S. officials with a series of missile tests, more so since Pyongyang last week test-launched its first intercontinental ballistic missile. Trump has been criticized for being slow to name ambassadors to important U.S. allies like Japan, especially in light of the crisis. There is still no new U.S. ambassador to South Korea. Hagerty succeeds Caroline Kennedy, an attorney and daughter of the late U.S. President John F. Kennedy, who held the position from 2013 until Trump took office in January 2017. 
PRESIDENT TRUMP IN PHOENIX SPEAKING TO HIS SUPPORTERS MAGA! Live Stream below:This is where President Trump is best! He s 100% right on what he s done so far for the American people ALL of the American people!WE BELIEVE PRESIDENT TRUMP WILL BRING UP AFGHANISTAN AND THE INCREASE IN TROUPS. HE SAID IT S ABOUT DEFEATING TERRORISM: Just a reminder that President Trump said he would  knock the h*ll out of ISIS  in the video below. We believe his move in Afghanistan is helping that cause .Here he is at the Rolling Thunder Rally Enjoy!Donald Trump addressed thousands of motorcyclists, many of them military veterans, attending the annual Rolling Thunder gathering to honor the nation s soldier missing-in-action. The bikers have been great supporters of Trump as he mentioned last week:  I am doing it in honor of the great bikers who have been totally supportive of my campaign and now I want to be supportive of them. I look forward to it! GREAT! WE MADE THE RIGHT CHOICE AMERICA!
CNN Anchor Carol Costello acts like she s never heard about the lying that came from Hillary Clinton when Clinton told Patricia Smith that she d get to the bottom of what happened to Mrs. Smith s son in Benghazi. Was Ms. Costello unaware or was she playing dumb? We ll probably never know but the press has been covering for the Obama administration on Benghazi since day one. The cover-up is real and it s happening from the press on up to the White House. The bottom line is that Mrs. Smith is correct and screaming it from the rooftops as any mom would for their child. It s so shameful and sad that once again politics comes before doing the right thing with Obama and Clinton. Both scumbags who left Americans to die in Benghazi  CNN Newsroom host Carol Costello was taken aback when Patricia Smith revealed in conversation that she actually didn t know much about what happened to her son   despite the fact that the Benghazi attack occurred three years ago. Smith responded in kind, claiming that although Clinton promised to  get back to  her following her son s funeral ceremony in Washington, D.C., no one had since contacted her on the matter.  She has not called me. She has not contacted me. She has not given me any information,  she said,  except to tell me that I am not a member of the immediate family and I do not need to know. They told you that?  an obviously surprised Costello asked.As alarming at Smith s claims were, however, she really let her feelings be known when Costello played a clip from Clinton s testimony in January 2013. At the time, Clinton said that it was their job  to figure out what happened and do everything [they could] to prevent it from happening again. Smith s response?  She s lying! She s absolutely lying! The frustrated, bereaved mother of Sean Smith went on to repeat her claim that   despite being the mother of the fallen diplomat   she wasn t told anything after the funeral ceremony because they didn t consider her a member of the immediate family. I saw on TV the bloody fingerprints on the walls over there. I asked specifically,  Are those my son s fingerprints crawling down the walls?  she cried.  Somebody s got to tell me! Clinton previously spoke with Smith during a town hall event in June 2014. Despite the direct address, however, the grieving mother later expressed her frustration with Clinton and demanded the truth.Via: mediate
LONDON (Reuters) - A British teenager was found guilty on Monday of planning to drive a car into a crowd in the Welsh capital Cardiff, with a Justin Bieber concert and a shopping center among the list of possible targets for his Islamic State-inspired attack. The 17-year-old boy, who cannot be named for legal reasons, wrote a  martyrdom letter  in which he said he was  a soldier of the Islamic State . Police found the letter in a rucksack in his bedroom which also contained a large knife and a hammer. The Crown Prosecution Service (CPS) said he was planning an attack of a similar type to one near Britain s parliament in March, where a man in a van drove into pedestrians on London s Westminster Bridge before stabbing a policeman.  This teenager s behavior over many months leaves no doubt that he intended to kill and maim as many people as possible in an attack reminiscent of the incident on Westminster Bridge,  said Sue Hemming, head of the special crime and counter terrorism division at the CPS.  He was also posting extremist content online that could have encouraged others to commit terrorist acts and downloading instructions on how to carry out  lone wolf  attacks.  The Westminster attack was one of five major attacks this year that British authorities are treating as terrorism incidents. Five people including the policeman and the attacker, Khalid Masood, died in the Westminster incident. The CPS said the Welsh schoolboy had posted Islamic State propaganda on his Instagram account, and his Instagram password was  Truck Attack . He researched possible targets including Cardiff Castle, a theater, a library and a shopping center, as well as the Bieber gig, which took place in June. The teenager admitted that he owned the knife and hammer and had written the letter, but denied intending to harm anyone.  He will be sentenced in January. 
MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russia’s parliament applauded on learning that Donald Trump had won the U.S. election. But prospects for better relations with Washington have suffered setbacks since then and the resignation of Trump’s national security adviser is the biggest blow yet. The Kremlin still believes a rapprochement is feasible, even if it might take longer than initially thought. But the clock is ticking: Vladimir Putin is expected to run for another presidential term next year, and an easing in Western sanctions could speed Russia’s recovery from a recession and safeguard his national popularity. For now, Russia plans to keep working with the Trump administration towards a rapprochement, looking to improve the atmosphere. With relations having sunk to a post-Cold War nadir under Trump’s predecessor Barack Obama as a result of Moscow’s 2014 annexation of Crimea, they could hardly get worse. A first meeting between Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov and U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, expected in Germany later this week, will give the Kremlin a chance to grasp what Washington is now thinking and where this may lead. The resignation of national security adviser Michael Flynn, who was seen in Moscow as a leading advocate of warmer ties with Russia, has underscored for the Kremlin the difficulties of reaching a settlement with Washington and drove home the urgent need to find new areas of common interest.  Flynn, who shared dinner with Putin in 2015 and favoured Washington uniting with Russia against Islamic State militants, quit on Monday after revelations he had improperly discussed the issue of U.S. sanctions on Russia with the Russian ambassador to Washington before Trump took office. A U.S. official said Flynn indicated to the envoy that the sanctions “would not necessarily carry over to an administration seeking to improve relations between the U.S. and Russia”.  “Flynn, unlike many other high-ranking Americans, was at least open to dialogue,” said Konstantin Kosachev, head of the upper house of parliament’s foreign affairs committee. “Either Trump has not gained the requisite independence and  is being gradually (and not unsuccessfully) backed into a corner, or Russophobia has already infected the new administration.” Other Russian politicians suggested Flynn had been forced to resign to harm relations with Moscow. But the Kremlin, anxious not to feed fears of Russian media manipulation to influence U.S. politics, said only that it was an internal U.S. matter.  Trump came to power talking of wanting cooperative U.S.-Russian relations, for example to take joint action against Islamic State militants. So far, there’s been scant improvement.  Trump spoke by phone to Putin on Jan. 28, but Reuters learnt that the call had not gone smoothly: Trump used it to denounce a treaty that caps U.S. and Russian deployment of nuclear warheads as a bad deal for the United States. The Kremlin is also struggling to set up a meeting. Dmitry Peskov, Putin’s spokesman, said on Tuesday he could not say when or where the Russian leader would meet Trump and that it was “premature” to even talk about what direction U.S.-Russian relations might take. A series of U.S. Senate confirmation hearings for Trump’s cabinet nominees did not go the Kremlin’s way either, with the incoming defense secretary and secretary of state both raising concerns about the dangers of Russia as an unpredictable military player.  Russian officials are frustrated too that Trump has not yet filled key senior staff positions at the State Department, leaving Russian diplomats feeling they have nobody to work with.    “To have cooperation, you need someone to promote it from the other end,” Maria Zakharova, spokeswoman for the Russian Foreign Ministry, testily told a news briefing last week. Moscow seems to have been taken aback by the strength of Congressional opposition to Trump overseeing a rapprochement with Russia, a factor that would make it hard for him to ease sanctions even if he wanted to. In a further reverse for the Kremlin, senior U.S. senators have introduced legislation that would give Congress the right to review any move to relax sanctions on Russia. Sergei Kislyak, Russia’s ambassador to the United States, told state television last week Moscow was aware of how difficult the domestic U.S. scene was becoming for Russia.    “Does the lack of political consensus inside the U.S. create problems for our bilateral relations?” Kislyak asked rhetorically. “That is an objective reality.” There were muted expectations in Moscow that Trump might move fast to reverse Obama’s expulsion in December of 35 suspected Russian spies over allegations of Russian-backed cyber attacks on U.S. election campaign groups to help Trump win. Obama shut down two Russian compounds at the same time that he said were used by Russian personnel for “intelligence-related purposes”. Back then, Trump praised Putin for refraining from retaliation, calling him “very smart”. But Trump has given no indication since that he will roll back any of the measures. One of the biggest setbacks for Moscow followed a flare-up in fighting in eastern Ukraine where government forces are facing off against pro-Russian separatist forces.  Before the escalation in January, which both sides blame on each other, the Trump administration gave the impression it was open to looking at reviewing sanctions on Russia. Afterwards, Nikki Haley, the new U.S. ambassador to the United Nations, blamed Russia for the fighting and said Ukraine-related sanctions would not be lifted until Moscow returned Crimea to Ukraine, something Russia says it will never do. Flynn’s resignation may hurt more, though. “Flynn was the main lobbyist for the ‘big deal with Putin’ project,” said Russian opposition activist Ilya Yashin.   “There was nobody in Trump’s entourage who so persistently lobbied to cancel the sanctions as Flynn. Today is a black day for Kremlin diplomacy and for Putin personally.” 
BERLIN (Reuters) - Parties seeking to form Germany s next government found common ground in areas of social policy and digital infrastructure on Monday, but remain far apart on issues that provoked stormy clashes last week. Talks between conservatives, Greens and Free Democrats (FDP) resumed on Monday after Chancellor Angela Merkel convened a weekend meeting to clear the air between ideologically diverse parties forced by electoral arithmetic into awkward partnership.  The weekend pause for thought did us good,  said Andreas Scheuer, a leader in the conservative Christian Social Union (CSU), the Bavarian sister party to Merkel s Christian Democrats (CDU). Other party leaders agreed. But Monday s talks, on education, digitalization, pensions and labor issues, as well as domestic security, were always expected to be less contentious than the immigration, fiscal and climate policies that divided them last week. One sign of the division came in an interview Merkel ally Peter Altmaier gave to the newspaper Die Zeit, where he shot down media reports about a reshuffling of ministerial portfolios. Der Spiegel magazine reported the FDP might head a weakened finance ministry, with key European affairs functions hived off to another ministry.  The finance ministry is a strong ministry and should remain so in future,  Altmaier told Die Zeit. Altmaier runs Merkel s office and has been acting finance minister since Wolfgang Schaeuble s move agreed last month to leave the post and become president of parliament . Negotiators emerged on Monday with a document spelling out areas where they had reached agreement, including commitments to universal gigabit-speed internet by 2025, and spending 3.5 percent of economic output on research and development. After discussions that ran late into the evening, they also signed up to Merkel s election campaign pledge of achieving full employment, without giving a specific target date. Merkel, whose conservatives came first but lost seats in the Sept. 24 national elections must forge a so-called  Jamaica  coalition - named because the three camps  colors match that country s flag - that is untested at national level. Three more rounds of more detailed exploratory talks are planned for this week and four for next. If successful, the parties can then begin formal coalition talks. 
Sometimes you could wonder if some of the people running for the Republican nomination for president are actually serious. When people like Donald Trump and Ted Cruz are leading the pack   two men who if not in positions of power would be considered certifiably crazy   are able to say the darndest things and get away with it, it makes one wonder if they re stupid, or if the people they re convincing have the mental capacity of a stone.While at a campaign event on Friday, Ted Cruz invited his prized endorser Duck Dynasty star and bigot extraordinaire Phil Robertson to speak. Cruz also, in a lame attempt at humor (sadism?), decided that if he were to be president he may name Robertson as Ambassador to the United Nations. This suggestion was probably in jest, but really, who knows anymore.When talking about Robertson, Cruz says: You know there s a reason he terrifies the mainstream media. He says the things you re not supposed to say. He actually remembers who we are as Americans and just speaks it with a joy, not with an anger, not with a hatred, with a joy in who we are. Then after saying he d name Robertson to the coveted position of UN Ambassador, he said: How much would you pay to see the Russian ambassador s face when Phil says,  What is wrong with you people?' Okay, here s the thing: Russia would probably really like Robertson because they have the same stance on homosexuality. So, who knows, maybe it would be a budding bromance.If Robertson s views are  who we are as Americans  then, quite frankly, we re up shits creek without a paddle. Most folks who admire common sense and decency for all humans regardless of race, gender of sexual orientation would tend to disagree with the horrendous statements both Robertson and Cruz regularly state.However, it is not at all surprising that Cruz would pander to his idiot base of voters with such a moronic suggestion as Robertson at the UN. His pandering knows no bounds, as was evident when he went full camo in Robertson s official endorsement of him.Needless to say, this is something we should not fret over, because Ted Cruz will not be president if the American voters have anything to say about it.Featured image via flickr
Hillary Clinton, currently leading the race to become the Democratic candidate for President in Election 2016, made an appearance on The View this week. She was asked what it will mean for women if the GOP wins this year, and her answer was perfect.Hillary was poised on the couch with the women of The View, when co-host Joy Behr got real with the candidate over a growing issue with the GOP campaign: their despicable attitudes and policies around women. Behr begins, Women seem to be under fire right now   more than ever. She then goes on to list a number of worrying events coming out during the GOP primary race. She includes the slut-shaming attacks made by Ted Cruz and Donald Trump against each other s wives, all three GOP candidates being in favor of a total ban on abortion (even in cases of incest and rape), and a female reporter even being thrown by by Trump s campaign manager. It s frightening,  she says What do you think will happen to women if a Republican gets in the   if Trump wins, god forbid?  She added:  What s gonna happen to us? Hillary takes a pause to consider her answer, but when it lands, she really nails it. Instead of joining the ever escalating war of insults which is what the GOP race has reduced to   Hillary Clinton stays classy, and gets to the heart of the issue facing America right now. He has insulted everybody and he has demeaned everybody,  Clinton says, running us through a grim reminder of various individuals and groups that the GOP and Trump have taken aim at over the months. I don t think the vast majority of Americans   let s hope   want to reward that hateful behavior. This is the core of the issue for the vote in 2016, what do we want to reward as an electorate? Which America is going to win in 2016? The hopeful progressive version that brought us so far in the world, or the scared, envious, divided America that will lose it s way in a fast-moving world bent on progress? It s difficult to recall a time where an election where so much was at stake, and our votes counted to much. Featured image via screencapture
TRIPOLI (Reuters) - Across Libya s capital residents have started drilling through pavements to access wells in a desperate search for water after the taps ran dry in a new low for living conditions.  After years of neglect, workers turned off the water to do urgent maintenance earlier this month, cutting supplies to many Tripoli households. Then an armed group sabotaged the system, prolonging the misery.  The water crisis is a powerful symbol of state failure in a country that was once one of the wealthiest in the Middle East but has been gripped by turmoil since a 2011 uprising unseated Muammar Gaddafi. For Libyans the chaos has meant power cuts and crippling cash shortages. These are often made worse by battles between armed groups vying for control of the fractured oil-rich state and its poorly-maintained infrastructure.  We haven t had water for ten days. The state does nothing,  said Nasser Said, a landlord in Tripoli s upmarket Ben Ashour district. Already equipped with a generator to keep the power running during outages that sometimes last more than a day, he hired drillers to dig some 31 meters to extract groundwater for the six apartments in the residential block he owns.  No water, no electricity. You become a state in a state,  he said, standing next to his building on a leafy sidestreet.  We last had to do this maybe 20 years ago.  Like many Libyans, Said is skeptical about the chances of U.N.-led peace talks unifying rival factions that have been fighting for control. The talks were adjourned last week with little sign of progress in creating a government that could stabilize Libya and stand up to armed groups that have repeatedly seized oil facilities and other state assets to make demands. The U.N.-supported Government of National Accord (GNA) has struggled to impose its authority since its leaders arrived in Tripoli in March last year.  Early last week an armed faction in the south said it had turned off water supplies from Gaddafi s Great Man Made River, a pipeline system that pumps water from underneath Libya s vast southern desert to coastal areas such as Tripoli.  The group is seeking the release of a leader imprisoned by a rival faction in the capital, said Tawfiq Shwehaidi, a manager at the Great Man Made River based in the eastern city of Benghazi.  We had started maintenance work on the 16th (of October) and cut supplies to Tripoli,  he said.  Afterwards an armed group... set one power plant on fire which closed three other plants and shut down 24 wells.   That has deprived residents of water while boosting the business of drillers who for 4,000-6,000 Libyan dinars ($2,940-$4,410 at the official exchange rate) access groundwater unused in some neighborhoods since the Great Man Made River started pumping water to Tripoli in 1996.   We drill about three wells in two weeks   it takes about three to four days to drill a well,  said Abdulsalam Forganea, a 23-year-old worker helping to operate an ageing drilling rig. Parts of Tripoli offer a semblance of normality and power cuts have eased since the summer. The city has seen fewer big clashes since a handful of armed groups aligned with the GNA earlier this year. But security is still fragile. A former prime minister was abducted in August for nine days by one of the two most powerful armed groups, while the other engaged in a battle this month that shut down the airport. A Reuters reporter recently saw a traffic clogged commercial street suddenly empty as a man was fatally shot by militiamen. Kidnapping for ransom is rife. A conflict that escalated in 2014 has put extra pressure on a Tripoli population that swelled to an estimated three million with the arrival of displaced families from other Libyan cities. Public health services are failing, inflation has spiraled, and the start of the school year has been delayed by several weeks because teachers are striking over salaries.  Shutdowns crippled oil revenues so little has been spent on repairs and maintenance, and the water network and other infrastructure have been corroded. Most government spending goes on public salaries, including for former rebel groups that forced their way onto the state payroll after Gaddafi s overthrow.  No budget has been transferred... since 2011 except the emergency budget, which is the result of the financial difficulties experienced by the Libyan state,  said Naji Assaed, head of the Libyan Water Authority. Production at desalination plants has fallen sharply, with output at a plant in the western town of Zuwara dropping from 80,000 cubic liters to 16,000 cl annually. Assaed said officials were working hard to resolve the crisis, but it was not clear when supplies would be restored. As he spoke a tanker arrived up to deliver water for his tattered ministry building.  In the absence of adequate spare parts, lack of budgets, lack of stability in the security situation, security chaos, people do not comply with the law and all this has affected the performance of the system,  he said. ($1 = 1.3607 Libyan dinars) 
Does anyone remember these girls?Dixie who?Just days before the release of the drug cartel thriller Sicario, actress Emily Blunt is taking more fire for saying during an interview last weekend she regrets becoming a U.S. citizen after watching the first Republican presidential debate.The star told The Hollywood Reporter,  I became an American citizen recently, and that night, we watched the Republican debate and I thought,  This was a terrible mistake. What have I done? During the interview, Blunt also described Sen. Elizabeth Warren (D-MA)15% as  pretty impressive. Tuesday, on Fox & Friends, co-host Anna Kooiman hit back hard at Blunt for those and other comments, saying,  You know what, then why don t you leave Hollywood, California, and let some American women take on the roles that you re getting? Because Americans are watching your movies and lining your pockets. Co-host Brian Kilmeade agreed, saying,  I agree with you. Longtime co-host Steve Doocy then compared Blunt s comments to those made by the country group the Dixie Chicks, who never rebounded after making critical, anti-war comments of President George W. Bush in 2003. You know what Emily Blunt just did? She just Dixie Chicked herself. She has alienated half the country, and now will think twice about going to one of her movies,  said Doocy. I actually didn t know she was, and I ve seen a lot of movies,  Kilmeade said.He added,  Congratulations You re an American citizen and you re very unhappy. https://youtu.be/h3DmvsASbaUBlunt doubled down on the comment Tuesday during a conversation with PEOPLE, when the mag asked her if filming the movie scared her. You know, what scared me was watching the Republican debate after becoming a citizen,  she said at a New York screening of Sicario.Blunt has now appeared four times in the last week to make disparaging comments about becoming an American. The actress became a naturalized citizen on Aug. 4 in Los Angeles, CA.Her comments are being portrayed by numerous media outlets as if they were made as a joke, while a number of those outlets are discounting Fox & Friends for holding her accountable for making them. Via: Breitbart NewsHere she is on the Jimmy Kimmel show admitting that she looks down her nose at Americans.  I m not sure I m entirely thrilled about it. People ask me about the whole day. They were like,  Oh, it must have been so emotional.  I was like,  It wasn t! It was sad!  I like being British. : 
Most Americans wish that the 2016 Presidential Election were already over, but we all have to wait three more weeks, which means hearing more claims from Trump that the election is rigged against him. The Republican nominee has been making such claims since the conventions for both parties ended in July and Hillary Clinton came out with a large lead over him.He has accused the media and the Clinton campaign of colluding to fix the election in Hillary s favor and is urging his supporters to go to polling places on Election Day to intimidate voters. Trump has drilled his rhetoric about election rigging into his supporters  heads so deep that many of them are already threatening bloody violence and the assassination of Hillary Clinton if she wins.Well, President Obama has had enough of Trump s bullshit whining, and he slammed him for it during a White House news conference on Tuesday.Calling Trump s claims  irresponsible,  President Obama pointed out that Trump s whining  doesn t show the kind of leadership and toughness that you want out of a president. President Obama addressed the absurdity of Trump s claim by noting that America s election system is decentralized, which means elections are run by local and state governments, and that there are way too many votes being cast across 50 states that it s impossible to rig an election.Indeed, over 100 million Americans voted in 2012 and a comprehensive study concluded in 2014 that out of one billion votes cast since 2000, only 31 credible cases of voter fraud were found.So Trump s claim that the election is rigged has no historical evidence to suggest election rigging has occurred in the past. And President Obama declared that such claims are unprecedented I have never seen in my lifetime, or in modern political history, any presidential candidate trying to discredit the elections and the election process before votes have even taken place. It s unprecedented,  Obama said.  It happens to be based on no facts. Trump  started whining before the game is even over,  Obama continued.  I d advise Mr. Trump to stop whining, and go try to make his case to get votes. President Obama then took the high road by saying that if Trump wins on November 8th he will meet with him at the White House like an adult and escort him to his inauguration for a peaceful transfer of power. And that is the total opposite of what Trump and his supporters say they will do if Hillary Clinton is the winner.Here s the video via YouTube.Donald Trump is a threat to our democracy. His repeated claims that the election is rigged is making his supporters paranoid and bloodthirsty. As President Obama said, Trump must congratulate Hillary Clinton if he loses and concede defeat gracefully. Calling the results rigged and refusing to admit defeat would only hurt our democratic process and could result in violence and chaos, especially if his supporters try to overthrow the federal government.If that happens, Trump and his supporters should be arrested and charged with committing treason against the United States. Period.For now, Trump needs to stop whining and abandon his rhetoric about rigged elections. It s not helping him. He s only embarrassing himself and making himself look even more unfit to be president.Featured image via screenshot
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The top Democrats on the U.S. Senate and House of Representatives intelligence committees called on Wednesday for the White House to consider declassifying and releasing any intelligence community assessments of the hack into the Democratic National Committee email system. Experts have attributed the breach to Russian hackers. “Given the grave nature of this breach and the fact that it may ultimately be found to be a state-sponsored attempt to manipulate our presidential election, we believe a heightened measure of transparency is warranted,” Senator Dianne Feinstein and Representative Adam Schiff wrote in a letter to President Barack Obama. Obama said in an interview broadcast by NBC News on Tuesday that the Federal Bureau of Investigation was investigating the leak of more than 19,000 DNC emails, which showed the committee had favored Hillary Clinton over Bernie Sanders for the party’s presidential nomination. 
The entire weekend, and now the beginning of the week, has had the news cycle spinning madly with news of the meeting Donald Trump Jr., Jared Kushner, and Paul Manafort had with a shady Russian lawyer during the 2016 presidential campaign. The plot has thickened as Trump Jr. s stories regarding the reasons for the meeting and the nature of the conversations that took place there kept changing. Finally, things really exploded on Tuesday, when Lord Cheeto s mini me was forced to tweet out the actual emails that led to this meeting   because if he hadn t the New York Times would have printed them for him. Said emails show that Trump Jr. knew he was meeting Russians for the explicit purpose of possibly gathering information that would damage the Clinton campaign.As if all of that isn t looking grim enough for Trump s eldest tyke, it seems that the meeting may have been recorded. Claude Taylor, who has worked on three Democratic presidential campaigns, tweeted out that potentially damning fact:A source with knowledge of the investigation tells me that IC had "ears on" Russian lawyer. The meeting was recorded. Donald, Jr is toast.  Claude Taylor (@TrueFactsStated) July 10, 2017Now, we all know that the Trumps routinely lie. They prove that all the time. Trump Jr. s story has changed radically over the course of the last few days alone. That in and of itself really should warrant scrutiny from the House and Senate Intelligence Committees, as well as Special Counsel Robert Mueller. In the meantime, Jared Kushner s security clearance needs to be revoked immediately, as he is a national security threat.As for Donald Trump Jr.   if this meeting really was recorded, Claude Taylor s tweet is correct. He s toast. He has put out false statement after false statement, and something tells me he s still not telling everything the way it really went down. It should only be a matter of time before the entire Trump criminal enterprise is in jail.Featured image via John Sommers II/Getty Images
Nothing says  authority  like an unarmed officer in a mob of lawless thugs Footage showing at least six Home Office immigration officers being hounded off the streets of Peckham has emerged on the internet.The short video shows two officers getting into a brief physical altercation with one man, pushing him back into the crowd. Then another in the crowd is heard shouting  I ll f*** you up! I ll f*** him up next time .The officers, including a female officer, look nervous before getting into two vans and pulling away, to the delight of the mob.The footage is believed to have been shot on Saturday afternoon. The video emerged first on Facebook on Saturday evening, and then on YouTube on Sunday.Rabble reported:  we know that these raids happen frequently in Peckham and in other black and migrant areas. And this is not the first time that they have been resisted and chased off. Similar YouTube videos dating from 2013 and 2014 show scenes in Southall, London and the West End. In both cases, opposition to the Enforcement Agency was organised by socialist activists.In a West End restaurant, the officers are shown asking to see people s passports and asking questions such as  when did you get your British passport?  Pro-immigration activists with British accents can then be heard telling locals  You don t have to answer any questions  and  Everybody is free to leave whenever they want. You can just get up and walk out.  The officers are then hounded down the streets by a mob chanting  Off our streets, racist scum. In Southall, the Southall Black Sisters Against Enforcement shout  UK BA [Border Agency] Go Away  and  Our streets, out rights  down megaphones held inches from officers  faces. The two officers politely inform members of the crowd that they can meet to discuss concerns.Activism against immigration officers is encouraged by the Anti-Raids Network, which posted this weekend s video to their site, along with the commentary:  The video of the incident offers a rare glimpse of the beautiful moment when often-silenced voices on the  debate  on immigration come together in a message loud and clear for those in power: enough of your populist racist bullshit, enough of your demagoguery, enough of your divide-and-rule tactics   we live and work side by side one another, and we will fight for each other. Elsewhere, activists writing for the website vow to  show maximum solidarity with our  illegal  brothers and sisters,  by actively opposing the deportation of illegal immigrants, who they claim are being  socially cleansed : We have a vision. A city   a country, a world   with zero tolerance for attacks and harassment by cops, home office  enforcers , or private security. Where if the uniformed bullies turn up to smash someone s door in, barge their way into a workplace, or stop people in the street, they get surrounded by neighbours and passers-by who know the score and won t take their bullshit.Via: Breitbart News
Are there any coincidences in the quid pro quo world of Obama s Chicago style politics?  Here s the link story we posted about Chobani and their naked lesbian ad. The video of their ad can be seen below:New York yogurt manufacturer Chobani just landed a massive U.S. Department of Agriculture contract for school lunches after years of lobbying lawmakers and President Obama on its products.The upstate-New York Greek yogurt maker will be distributing its products to schools nationwide next year as a USDA-approved meat substitute for school lunches, capping off a pilot program in a dozen states made possible by extensive lobbying efforts.Chobani Greek Yogurt first gained approval by the USDA for school lunches in 2013 as part of a pilot program after U.S. Sen. Charles Schumer and other New York lawmakers pressured USDA officials to include it in a pilot program for four states. The USDA s typically years-long approval process for new products was miraculously slashed to only about 8 months for Chobani.That pilot program was expanded last year to a dozen states after reportedly positive feedback from students, Syracuse.com reports. After at least three calls from the persistent senator, (U.S. Secretary of Agriculture Tom) Vilsack helped arranged a Sept. 20, 2012 meeting in Schumer s Capitol Hill office with Kevin Concannon, the key official for food, nutrition and consumer services,  the New York Daily News reports.Chobani owner Hamdi Ulukaya was also named by President Obama as a  Presidential Ambassador for Global Entrepreneurship,  which included a  closed-press  meeting with the president at the White House, according to the Daily Sabah.The special treatment was undoubtedly the result of Ulukaya s savvy political sense.According to a Green Monsters! blog about the original pilot program:  Chobani has made a significant financial investment to be at the forefront of this new program and potentially come out as the victor. The New York-based company has already paid $80,000 to Cornerstone Government Affairs to lobby Congress on its behalf. Among its lobbyists are former agricultural department employees.The lobbying firm was also hired following New York Senator Charles Schumer s petition to the USDA asking that Greek yogurt be added school lunch program.The decision on Greek yogurt came rather quickly in just eight months although the agriculture department typically takes years to assess a new product.  The tofu industry waited a decade before an ok,  reports NY Daily News.Senator Schumer also worked with Senator Kirsten Gillibrand of New York to push the Greek yogurt pilot program through. Both senators see it as a win-win for the children and the diary industry.The financial benefit has the potential to be quite considerable for New York in particular. Five years ago, the New York dairy industry was producing barely any revenue. Now it generates almost 40 percent of the $6.5 billion in U.S. yogurt sales annually. Businessweek magazine has even called upstate New York  the Silicon Valley of yogurt. So, after a couple of years of lobbying and a pilot test program, Chobani   the top selling Greek yogurt brand in the U.S.   landed a contract for schools in all 50 states in April. The initial contract is worth $148,019 for the first two months of the 2015-16 school year, Syracuse.com reports.The government will then seek quarterly bids for the remainder of the school year.Chobani s fast-track to school cafeterias across the U.S.   with a contract awarded faster than other companies have even gained approval for their products   raises the same question Green Mosters! blogger Kristina Pepelko first raised in 2013: is the National School Lunch Program and the tightened restrictions on school food truly designed to produce healthier students, or are special interest lobbyists driving menu recommendations from Washington, D.C.?Chobani s senior director of nutrition and regulatory affairs, Robert Post, obviously wants the public to believe it s the former. This is an important step that Chobani is taking in its continued mission to bring nutritious, delicious and natural food to all people of all ages,  he said in a statement. Allowing children to have healthy and delicious options for their lunch tray ingredients is one of the most important things Chobani can do as a company, and we decided to offer out products at significantly reduced prices as we want to extend our mission beyond our cups and into the communities we live in,  Post said.Chobani officials have not disclosed the  significantly reduced prices  for their products, or the potential value of the new government contract, Syracuse.com reports.Via: EAG News
Donald Trump, if nothing else, is the white man s last grasp at power. Look for these next four years to be, much like our entire history, all about the white man, only this time, his role will be victim.On Tuesday, Rep Mo Brooks (R-AL) made his plea for the apparently endangered white majority by saying that putting Trump s Attorney General pick, Jeff Sessions, through a nomination hearing was partly due to a  war on whites. During the Ronald Reagan administration, Sessions was nominated as a federal judge.One of Sessions  primary critics at his Senate hearing three decades ago was Thomas Figures, a black assistant U.S. attorney who had previously worked for him. Figures, who died in 2015, told the committee that Sessions had called him  boy  more than once   a slur meant to demean and disrespect when used to address black men.Sessions also joked about the Ku Klux Klan, according to Figures: He recalled Sessions describing the KKK as  OK until he learned that they smoked marijuana.  And Figures said Sessions had called the NAACP, the storied African-American civil rights group,  anti-American. Source: Huffington PostDuring his first confirmation hearing, more than 30 years ago, Sessions was deemed too racist to serve on the bench. Is it any wonder that today, the same questions have arisen?Sessions denies that he still holds these beliefs. During this round of hearings, Session said that the KKK had a  hateful ideology  and that he supports civil rights. He does, however, support voter ID laws, which most courts agree are discriminatory.Brooks, though, who s from Sessions  home state, paints a different picture. He sees Sessions as a victim. He also sees white people as victims of the Voting Rights Act.The Alabama congressman argued that the VRA treated certain areas  differently  by requiring federal pre-clearance of changes to voting laws in states where there had been a history of voter suppression, until that provision was gutted by the Supreme Court in 2013. That s only a tool that the Democrats are using,  he said of VRA pre-clearance. It s really about political power and racial division and what I ve referred to on occasion as the  war on whites,  he added.  They are trying to motivate the African-American vote to vote-bloc for Democrats by using every  Republican is a racist  tool that they can envision, even if they have to lie about it. Source: Talking Points MemoHere s the audio:Whether or not Sessions is confirmed (he probably will be), look for these next four years to be a major crackdown on all sorts of civil liberties, including freedom of speech and freedom of the press. Minorities will not be safe and neither will women. Legal marijuana could also be a victim of the Trump presidency.Featured image via Mo Brooks  Facebook page
 
Making a political endorsement by the NAACP completely irrelevant You d think in order to get an endorsement from the NAACP or its members that you d have to demonstrate loyalty and allegiance to black causes, but you d be wrong. All it takes is some cold hard cash. An NAACP chapter president is offering up political endorsements from a Political Action Committee he represents in exchange for a fat stack of Ben Franklins.Hezekiah Jackson is the Birmingham, AL NAACP chapter president. He is also the co-chair of Team Seven, a powerful local PAC whose endorsements promise to deliver votes from the black community. Team Seven is hosting a banquet on February 4 for local candidates to connect with voters. Of course this banquet is not free to the candidates, but there s something even dirtier about it.I know that I wrote in my headline that Jackson was busted for selling endorsements, which implies he was sneaking around and got caught. In actuality, he was flaunting this pay-off scheme and didn t care who noticed. According to AL.com, Jackson sent the following e-mail to candidates he hoped would slide a little money his way. It s basically a list of how much things cost and what you get for it:1. Deadline to submit payment is Friday, January 23, 2016 to me (Jackson) or Pastor Webb (Ad committee co-chair Gwen Webb).2. Candidates purchasing an ad ($500) will have two minutes to speak.3. Candidates purchasing a table ($500) will have two minutes to speak.4. Candidates purchasing a combo (ad   $250 and table for eight   $500 = $750) will have three minutes to speak.Pay close attention to the next one:5. Candidates who do not purchase an ad nor a table WILL NOT be considered for endorsement.Did you get that? The candidates either pay up or they won t even be considered for an endorsement from Jackson s PAC. No matter how you look at it, that s unethical as hell and probably illegal. Political Action Committees are bound by certain laws and I d like to believe shaking down politicians for endorsements is a big no-no.This is a classic Al Sharpton race-hustling scheme. You want an endorsement? You want to be absolved of offending the black community? You want to avoid bad press and a boycott? Just pay some tribute to the good Reverend and he ll handle everything. Some may see this as extortion, but to Sharpton it s just black activism. Via: DownTrend
JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israeli intelligence experts are gravely concerned that U.S. President Donald Trump’s sharing of classified information with Russia may have compromised an Israeli agent, but don’t expect any long-term consequences for intelligence cooperation. Trump has confirmed via Twitter that during a meeting with Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov at the White House last week he shared information related to a potential airline plot by Islamic State, thought to involve a laptop bomb. The New York Times, citing a current and a former U.S. official, reported on Tuesday that the information Trump divulged came from an Israeli intelligence asset based in Islamic State-held territory in Syria.  Israeli officials have declined to confirm whether they were the source of the information Trump shared, but have been quick to say counter-terrorism coordination with the United States is strong. On Tuesday, Trump called Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu to discuss his visit to Israel next week, but the two did not discuss the intelligence leak during their 20-minute conversation, the prime minister’s office said.  “The security relationship between Israel & our greatest ally the United States is deep, significant &  unprecedented in volume,” Defence Minister Avigdor Lieberman said on Twitter, remarks that were echoed by the intelligence minister.  Ron Dermer, Israel’s ambassador to Washington, issued a similar statement, saying: “Israel has full confidence in our intelligence-sharing relationship with the United States and looks forward to deepening that relationship in the years ahead under President Trump.” Israeli intelligence experts said they could not confirm whether an Israeli asset was the source. But they said Israel had developed a deep network of human and signal intelligence across the region and it was plausible that it had managed to infiltrate Islamic State as part of that long-running effort. “Israeli intelligence agencies have shown that they can have such human sources,” said Aviv Oreg, former head of the Al Qaeda and global jihad desk in the army’s military intelligence department, who now runs a counter-terrorism consultancy.  “It would take a lot to put someone inside ISIS. If there is an agent, I’m sure it’s the only one. If we have really lost a human source over there, it’s a major loss and it will take years to regenerate another one,” he said. “Israel will be furious about it,” he added, highlighting that it was likely to have implications for how Israel operates its human intelligence assets more broadly, and may make others unwilling to cooperate with it in the future. At the same time, he said Israel understood that Trump, as president and commander-in-chief, had the authority to divulge the information, even if in doing so he had shown that he “has no experience in how to deal with intelligence.” Kobi Michael, a senior research fellow at the Institute for National Security Studies and the former deputy director of Israel’s ministry of strategic affairs, described Trump’s leak as “very concerning” if there was a risk of having endangered an Israeli asset. While there were good reasons to assume the compromised source was an agent, he said it was also possible it was a well-placed piece of signal intelligence.  “When it comes to ISIS, they are very active in the social network world and on digital platforms. So who knows, all options are valid, even if as far as I understand the context, it looks like a human intelligence source.” Michael described Israel as having far better intelligence capabilities in the region than the United States, making it a critical partner for Washington. Yet both sides have an interest in continuing to cooperate fully on intelligence. “What happened is a problem, it shouldn’t have happened. But mistakes do get made, not only by the Americans, but sometimes by the Israelis too,” said Michael.  “I assume that Trump had other considerations in mind and was perhaps not aware of the consequences of what he was saying. But this should not change the level of cooperation, which needs to be constantly broadened and deepened.” Amnon Sofrin, former head of Mossad’s intelligence directorate, said the issue was unlikely to be touched on when Trump visits Israel on his first foreign trip next week. Handling the fallout from the leak would be dealt with through intelligence channels — between Mossad and the U.S. Central Intelligence Agency — not diplomatic ones. “Cooperation between our two organizations is so solid that I don’t believe that a special event will cause any big damage, it may cause local damage, but not a disaster,” he said. “None of us in Israel’s intelligence community likes this event. But I think it can be put aside and allow (Trump’s) visit to be very fulfilling and I hope very successful.” 
If any other American company did this, Donald Trump would be attacking them on Twitter.But Trump has a double standard when it comes to his own business and the businesses owned by his family members.As you may recall, Trump has openly attacked Ford, General Motors, and a slew of other companies for building factories overseas instead of building them here and hiring American workers to do the jobs.Trump even attacked a Japanese automaker for building a factory in Mexico instead of in the United States.The hypocrisy here is that while Trump is attacking these companies for not hiring Americans, his own son is begging the Labor Department to let him hire foreign workers instead of giving jobs to Americans.Eric Trump owns Trump Vineyards, and for the second time he is asking the Labor Department to let him hire foreign workers.According to the petition filed, the workers would be paid over $11 an hour to perform manual labor in cold weather. Workers would also be exposed to chemicals and would have to lift up to 60 pounds of grapes onto a truck.Here s a screenshot of the specific section.Again, this is hypocritical. Donald Trump is constantly promising Americans that he will make sure they have jobs but his own son wants to hire foreign workers.This is yet another example of Trump not following the rules he s setting for everyone else.A real leader leads by example and if Trump refuses to tell his own son to hire American workers why should companies like Ford comply with his demands?Keep in mind that Trump is ordering raids to round up undocumented immigrants because Trump claims they take jobs away from Americans. The reality, however, is that these immigrants take jobs that most Americans do not want to perform, such as managing and harvesting crops. That doesn t mean there aren t American out there who wouldn t take them, and that means Eric Trump is taking jobs away from Americans by trying to hire foreign workers instead. That s shameful, especially since his dad promised to put America first.Featured image via Joe Raedle/Getty Images
I appears that Hillary Clinton is really in a big mess with this e-mail scandal. She could have just turned the server over and dealt with this at the beginning but she s made this into a HUGE mess. Her trustworthiness is about as low as it gets as her opponent gains points in the polls. Shades of 2008 with Barack Obama? Hillary Clinton relented Tuesday to months of demands she relinquish the personal email server she used while secretary of state, directing the device be given to the Justice Department.The decision advances the investigation into the Democratic presidential front-runner s use of a private email account as the nation s top diplomat, and whether classified information was improperly sent via and stored on the home-brew email server she ran from her house in suburban New York City.Clinton campaign spokesman Nick Merrill said she has  pledged to cooperate with the government s security inquiry, and if there are more questions, we will continue to address them. It s not clear if the device will yield any information   Clinton s attorney said in March that no emails from the main personal address she used while secretary of state still  reside on the server or on back-up systems associated with the server. Clinton had to this point refused demands from Republican critics to turn over the server to a third party, with attorney David Kendall telling the House committee investigating the 2012 attacks in Benghazi, Libya, that  there is no basis to support the proposed third-party review of the server. Republicans jumped on Tuesday s decision to change course, as well as the additional disclosure that two emails that traversed Clinton s personal system were subsequently given one of the government s highest classification ratings. All this means is that Hillary Clinton, in the face of FBI scrutiny, has decided she has run out of options,  Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus said in a statement.  She knows she did something wrong and has run out of ways to cover it up. Federal investigators have begun looking into the security of Clintons  email setup amid concerns from the inspector general for the intelligence community that classified information may have passed through the system.There is no evidence she used encryption to shield the emails or her personal server from foreign intelligence services or other potentially prying eyes. Kendall has said previously that Clinton is  actively cooperating  with the FBI inquiry.In March, Clinton said she exchanged about 60,000 emails in her four years in the Obama administration, about half of which were personal and were discarded. She turned over the other half to the State Department in last December.The department is reviewing those emails and has begun the process of releasing them to the public. As she has said, it is her hope that State and the other agencies involved in the review process will sort out as quickly as possible which emails are appropriate to release to the public, and that the release will be as timely and transparent as possible,  Merrill said Tuesday.Also Tuesday, Kendall gave to the Justice Department three thumb drives containing copies of work-related emails sent to and from her personal email addresses via her private server.Via: Yahoo
BRUSSELS/BERLIN (Reuters) - Germany’s Foreign Minister said on Monday that U.S. President-elect Donald Trump’s comments that NATO was obsolete had aroused concern across the 28-member alliance. Frank-Walter Steinmeier, speaking after a meeting with alliance Secretary-General Jens Stoltenberg in Brussels, said Trump’s remarks contradicted views expressed by designated Defense Secretary James Mattis. He spoke also of “amazement”. “I’ve spoken today not only with EU foreign ministers but NATO foreign ministers as well and can report that the signals are that there’s been no easing of tensions,” Steinmeier told reporters when asked about Trump’s interview with Bild newspaper and the Times of London. “Obviously the comments from President-elect Trump, that he views NATO as obsolete, were viewed with anxiety,” he said. Trump, who is due to be sworn in as president on Friday, said NATO was obsolete because it had not defended against terrorist attacks.  He said also he had always had “great respect” for German Chancellor Angela Merkel, but criticized her 2015 decision to allow in a wave of a million migrants as a “catastrophic mistake” that opened the door to terrorist attacks. U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry said it was “inappropriate” for Trump to weigh directly into the politics of another country by his remarks. “He will have to speak to that, as of Friday he is responsible for that relationship.” NATO has been seen since the 1950s as the keystone of western European defenses, extending its zone of activity in the post-Cold War period to the borders of Russia - much to Russia’s chagrin. The alliance’s founding treaty commits members to consider an attack on any one state as an attack on all. A Kremlin spokesman said he agreed with Trump that NATO, characterized by Russian officials as a hostile remnant of the Cold War, was obsolete. Germany’s transatlantic coordinator, Juergen Hardt, told Reuters he did not expect Congress to allow Washington to give up its leadership role in NATO. He said key U.S. lawmakers, including Senate Armed Services Committee Chairman John McCain, had told him several weeks ago they expected Washington to remain a reliable partner in the 28-nation bloc, and he did not expect Trump to reverse the deployment of 4,000 U.S. troops to Poland. Norbert Roettgen, head of Germany’s foreign affairs committee, said Germany should fight to restore Western unity. “Europe is not able to replace the security role of the United States so there is a lot at stake - the very foundations of liberal order internationally and European security. And for that we should fight because it is our very existential interest,” Roettgen told Reuters. Trump repeated criticism of NATO members that fail to meet spend at least 2 percent of gross domestic product on defense. Germany is working to gradually boost its military spending, Defence Ministry spokesman Jens Flosdorff told a news conference. Merkel in November said she could not promise the NATO target would be met “in the near future.” 
Trump supporter Scottie Nell Hughes has made some moronic comments in the past, and it s epic every time she gets called out on it. Just days after she got slammed for her comments on gun violence, Hughes got fact-checked AGAIN on CNN by news anchor Poppy Harlow and activist Bakari Sellers.Commenting on Trump s horrendous standing amongst minorities, Harlow noted that Trump is doing worse in this area than even third party candidates. Hughes tried to defend the Republican nominee, stating that Trump holds rallies  all over the country  and that the  doors are open  to everyone. In actuality, Trump usually holds his rallies in mostly-white areas, and has kicked out his own supporters for having dark skin in the past.Making a reference to Trump s recent pathetic attempt to appeal to the African American community, Sellers told Hughes that Trump wouldn t be getting a  participation trophy  just because he happened to visit one black neighborhood during his whole campaign. Sellers said: I know that many surrogates and many supporters of Donald Trump like to take the man away from his baggage, but you cannot sit here and not remember that Donald Trump is the one who supported the  Birther  movement   and just yesterday in Philadelphia he refused to even apologize for it. To drive his point home, Sellers brought up the fact that Trump hadn t wanted to have black tenants in New York City, along with Trump s infamous full-page ad that called for the death penalty for the Central Park Five decades ago. Hughes countered this by saying that Trump s racist housing woes were probably 30, 35 years ago  and  obviously Mr. Trump addressed it.  Then, she accused the press of trying to  trap him in different aspects. Hughes continued on to say that even though former KKK leader David Duke had endorsed Trump, Clinton s endorsement by  California grand dragon KKK leader today  was worse. She said: Hillary Clinton has yet to disavow him, so there s ties on both sides. Harlow tried to grasp just what Hughes was trying to say, and she asked her to clarify. Hughes responded, I m saying that Hillary Clinton has actually stronger ties, that has not disavowed a KKK endorsement. Sellers jumped in and defended the former Secretary of State: Scottie and any other surrogate and Donald Trump himself are going to have an extremely hard time with this argument. I think they re actually going down the wrong path that somehow Hillary Clinton is the bigot in this situation, or has some racist past or racist history, because that s simply not the case. Then, Hughes made the mistake of trying to accuse Clinton of being involved in the Birther movement during the 2008 campaign. Unable to stand this insanity any longer, Harlow jumped in and shut the whole thing down. She said: Scottie, that is not factual. That is not factually correct. Hillary Clinton never questioned the birthplace of Barack Obama when she was running against him. Trump, on the other hand, has   several times and continues to do so today. You can watch this brilliant moment below:Featured image via screen capture
DUBAI (Reuters) - Iran has halted flights to airports in Iraqi Kurdistan at the request of the central government in Baghdad, the semi-official Fars news agency reported on Sunday, a day before a Kurdish independence referendum. The agency quoted Keyvan Khosravi, spokesman for Iran s top security body, as adding that Iran was also closing its airspace to flights originating in Iraqi Kurdistan. 
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Several intriguing scenarios could unfold after Tuesday’s U.S. election to break the deadlock over filling a Supreme Court vacancy that has provoked a bitter nine-month standoff between President Barack Obama and Senate Republicans. Obama nominated U.S. appeals court judge Merrick Garland on March 16 to replace long-serving conservative justice Antonin Scalia, who died on Feb. 13. The Republican-led Senate, in a move with little precedent, has refused to consider the nomination, saying the winner of the presidential election should make the pick. If Republican Donald Trump wins, Garland’s nomination would be dead. Trump has already put forth a list of conservative jurists as potential nominees. If Obama’s fellow Democrat Hillary Clinton wins, there are ways Garland could secure Senate confirmation to the lifetime post before Obama leaves office on Jan. 20. Senate Republican Leader Mitch McConnell has been adamant that Obama’s successor should select Scalia’s replacement and that he will not consider Garland’s nomination during a post-election “lame duck” session. But McConnell could come under pressure by some Senate Republicans to allow confirmation hearings and a vote on Garland, who has a reputation in Washington as a moderate, out of fear Clinton could instead choose a more liberal nominee. The Senate’s inaction on Garland has made the Supreme Court a potent issue in the election. After many years of leaning conservative, a new Democratic appointment could tilt the court to the left for the first time in decades. Scalia’s death left the court split with four liberals and four conservatives. Conservative activists dismiss the notion Garland is a moderate, saying he would vote with the four liberal justices on major, ideologically divisive issues. “Garland is a liberal, not a centrist,” said Carrie Severino, a lawyer with the Judicial Crisis Network. Liberal activists like Caroline Fredrickson, president of the American Constitution Society, said Republicans should move forward on Garland. “He’s got every qualification you could ask for. He’s exactly the type of judge they claimed they wanted,” Fredrickson said. If Democrats win control of the Senate in Tuesday’s election, the new congressional session would begin on Jan. 3, and they could decide to move forward immediately on Garland’s nomination before Obama’s term ends. Clinton would play a major role by deciding whether or not she wanted to stick with Garland, who was named to his current job by her husband Bill Clinton in 1997, or choose her own nominee. “Chief Judge Garland is the most experienced nominee to the Supreme Court in our nation’s history,” White House spokeswoman Brandi Hoffine said. It is time for Republicans to “stop putting politics over the best interest of the country and do their job by giving the president’s nominee to the Supreme Court a hearing and a vote,” she added. Clinton has said Garland should be confirmed this year but has not committed to re-nominating him if she wins. Some Republicans have floated the idea of staunch opposition to any Clinton nominee, raising the possibility of the seat remaining vacant long-term. McConnell has said no Obama nominee will be confirmed this year. There are no signs so far of Republican leaders backing off that position. Garland, 63, and other members of the Washington legal community joined the eight current justices inside the Supreme Court’s ornate courtroom on Friday at an memorial event honoring Scalia, four days before the election that will help decide his fate. There has been little controversy over Garland’s suitability to sit on the Supreme Court as there has been with some past nominees. He is widely respected in the legal community and has won praise from Democrats and Republicans. 
CHARLOTTE, N.C. (Reuters) - Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump’s campaign rallies have turned into eruptions of barely contained emotions from his impassioned followers, who urge him to fight on despite a series of gut punches that have put his chances of winning in doubt. With the Nov. 8 election now only weeks away and polls turning against him, Trump is spending precious time in campaign speeches defending himself from accusations from several women who say he made unwanted sexual advances toward them. What he would do if elected is covered, but much of his speeches are spent belittling his Democratic opponent, Hillary Clinton. He also accuses the U.S. news media of a plot to bring him down, and charges that the women who have made the accusations against him might be doing it for a taste of fame. Opinion polls show a gloomy picture for Trump. A week after a video surfaced of him bragging in lewd terms about groping women, the latest Reuters-Ipsos poll on Friday showed Clinton up, with 44 percent to Trump’s 37 percent. And the crowds have gotten more protective of their hero. One woman at a rally in Cincinnati, Ohio, on Thursday wore a homemade T-shirt that said “Trump Can Grab My,” with an arrow pointing to her crotch. On Friday in Greensboro, North Carolina, a man wearing a “Gays for Trump” shirt punched a protester who held up an upside down American flag. Both were ejected. Trump’s message has gotten through to his supporters in a big way about Clinton, who Trump calls a criminal for her handling of classified information as secretary of state. “She would be the most dishonest and corrupt ever elected to high office,” he said. A crowd of young voters had a ready response when he brought up Clinton at an event in Columbus, Ohio, on Thursday. “Lock her up!” they chanted, mimicking the lines voiced by older voters at other events. Trump could only smile and shake his head.  “So young and so jaded already,” he said. The New York businessman feeds off the energy generated by crowds that pack his rallies by the thousands. But he is easily distracted, lurching from topic to topic based on whatever happens to sprint to mind. On Wednesday in Lakeland, Florida, Trump jumped from bashing the news media as “the most dishonest people you’ll ever see,” to tout his performance at a debate in St. Louis on Sunday - “which I won big league” - to Clinton’s stroll across the stage in front of him at that event. “And the papers said I invaded her space,” he said. “Believe me, the last space I want to invade is hers.” There are moments of levity. A woman who recovered from a brief fainting spell in the heat of Lakeland was pointed out by Trump. “That woman was out cold and now she is recovered — a little ding to the head,” he said, approvingly. Trump can form an attack line against Clinton out of pretty much anything that springs to mind. Venting about Chinese trade practices before a raucous crowd of perhaps 20,000 in Cincinnati on Thursday night, Trump  suddenly imagined how China might treat Clinton given her bout of pneumonia a month ago, which had caused her to nearly collapse at an event in New York. “If she goes down in Tiananmen Square, they’ll just leave her,” he said. “They’re tough people.” Trump’s crowds sometimes get agitated. Many of his supporters are upset at the news media, whipped into a frenzy by both Trump and former New York Mayor Rudy Giuliani, who in Cincinnati introduced Trump by condemning “the insanity of the media, the insanity of the way they cover him.” Upon entering the arena, Trump’s traveling press corps was booed by thousands of people who chanted “tell the truth.” Trump boosters near the media work area repeatedly cursed and taunted reporters. “When are you all going to be ashamed of yourselves?” one man shouted. “Lower than Congress — that’s what your approval rating is.” 
 Patrick Henningsen 21st Century WireThere exists a famous quote often attributed to 1918 US Senator Hiram Warren Johnson, who once said,  The first casualty when war comes is truth.  The same could be said for Waco, or Ruby Ridge   or with the federal government s version of recent events in Burns, Oregon.  What really happened on Highway 395? We re not sure yet, but in the meantime, it seems as if the mainstream media have already decided who is guilty and and who is not.Regarding the Tuesday evening s events at the Oregon Standoff, where federal agents shot and killed rancher Robert  Lavoy  Finicum, a campaign of disinformation appears to be rapidly underway. The following is a prime exhibit of how the mainstream media can spin a story to favor the government version of events.The Washington Post s brash headline reads,  Report: LaVoy Finicum, armed with a handgun, reached for his waistband just before he was shot. In the absence of any actual evidence, or even analysis to support this deceptive headline, instead Washington Post writer Mike Miller attempts to weave together a classic example of yellow journalism.Any speculation or public skepticism could be easily put to rest by the FBI releasing all video footage of the event in question. (Above screen shot: Washington Post)Miller begins his piece establishing Finicum s guilt in his own murder by nature of the fact that Robert  Lavoy  Finicum had been seen previously carrying a gun. Everyone knew that LaVoy Finicum kept a Colt .45 on his hip. That common knowledge could help explain how the occupier in Oregon died. Miller s article then hammers home the federal thesis that any injured or dead protesters  brought it on themselves : The occupiers had ample opportunity to leave peacefully,  FBI Special Agent Greg Bretzing said Wednesday morning.  They brought this on themselves. In other words, according to the FBI, and with the help of the media, dead rancher Lavoy Finicum is guilty in the court of public opinion.Marginalizing the WitnessMiller immediate moves to cast doubt on the testimony of 18 yr old Victoria Sharp, who was a passenger in the truck Finicum was driving, crassly describing the young woman as a  self-described witness . He adds: Another self-described witness disputes that, saying that authorities opened fire before the getaway chase and that Finicum had his hands up when he was shot.  STOIC: Ammon Bundy, Ryan Bundy and Lavoy Finicum at the Wildlife Refuge last week.Instead, Miller relies heavily on a YouTube video recorded and uploaded by a man named Mark McConnell who was not at the scene of the actual shooting (he admits that he was one mile away) when federal agents reportedly killed Finicum. Admittedly, McConnell s testimony, claiming that Finicum had  charged at the officers  is only second-hand, or possibly third-hand, depending on the accuracy of what he is attempting relaying from other passengers riding with in the vehicle with Sharp at the time, Ryan Payne and Shawna Cox.Here, McConnell is, in effect, issuing a proxy statement on behalf of Victoria Sharp s fellow passengers, Shawn Cox and Ryan Payne. This is hardly admissible, as both Cox and Payne are currently in federal custody and are not able to verify the accuracy of McConnell reiteration. And yet, mainstream media outlets are propping-up McConnell s account as if it were somehow factual.Clearly, this is a  nudging  exercise, carefully attempting to minimize and discredit the young female witness Sharp. The Post s Miller makes this blatantly obvious when he subtly inserts that Sharp,  who said she was the 18 year old in the car with Finicum . What?  Who said she was the 18 yr old ? Here is in context: McConnell s account conflicts with statements made by Victoria Sharp, who said she was the 18-year-old in the car with Finicum. One would think that a Washington Post headline journalist would have ample resources to confirm whether or not Sharp was in the truck or not.Why are mainstream media outlets so quick to try and discredit the testimony of Victoria Sharp? Unlike the mainstream media s  go-to  man McConnell, Victoria Sharp is an actual eye witness who saw first-hand the fateful event in question, and described it in detail immediately after the event during a phone interview. What s more amazing is how a newspaper like the Washington Post, presumably with a good reputation for high journalistic standards (one would think so anyway) would grab a recycled, second-hand account which first appeared on the tabloid news website Raw Story.What The Post is attempting to do here is clear: to try and align a secondhand speculative guess by McConnell with a vague  anonymous  statement leaked from the FBI to CNN.Sadly for news consumers, it s not uncommon that networks like CNN will often accept vague anonymous leaks from  sources  in order to construct an official narrative of any event   with absolutely zero accountability from either the government source, or the news network.It s almost as if Miller is writing this piece on behalf of the FBI.At the very least here, the Washington Post is playing a supporting role   acting as an additional PR channel and echo chamber for a claim which neither CNN or the government are required to either confirm or deny. Sources  Say Finicum Was Reaching for His WaistbandRather than question any of the claims fashioned by CNN and its  sources  journalist Mike Miller does the opposite   he tries to reinforce the government narrative.CNN International s report hinges on a  anonymous government source  claiming that Finicum was killed by federal agents because he was  reaching towards his waistband.  Miller writes: In the moments before he was shot by authorities Tuesday afternoon, Finicum led a high-speed getaway attempt. He then reached for his waistband, prompting authorities to open fire, according to a CNN report.The report, which cites anonymous law enforcement officials but has not been confirmed by The Washington Post, is corroborated by a statement from an occupier who said he was traveling with Finicum at the time of the traffic stop. The fact the media have chosen to label this incident as a  traffic stop  indicates an obvious agenda designed to minimize the obvious   that this was a pre-planned, elaborate ambush by the FBI and Oregon State Police.The Washington Post then tries to enhance CNN s phantom report by aligning the government narrative with the second-hand story presented by Mark McConnell, further propping-up the government s version of events:This same unnamed  source  cited by CNN has also told the network that the incident was captured on video by the FBI, but that authorities  have not decided whether or not the release the video. One indication that this anonymous leak to CNN is likely bogus is the fact that the statement says Finicum  reached for his waistband , but chose not to say,  reached for his gun    which offers the government a convenient exit from their previous statement should an unincriminating video ever surface for public viewing. In addition, the fact that the alleged damning video has not already been released could mean that the video footage in question does not support the government innuendo story which has been leaked out via government-media information channels.Any public distrust or skepticism of the federal authorities would immediately be dispelled by speed release of all video footage (with dozens of agents and surveillance, there should have been more than one video feed taken, including body and gun sight cameras) of the event. Whether or not, and how fast this will happen remains to be seen.Two Versions of EventsWhat s abundantly clear after listening to both McConnell and Sharp s conflicting testimonies, is that McConnell s statement  is quite obviously unreliable and full of self-contradictions and caveats, while Sharp s is clear and concise.The following is the testimony of Victoria Sharp, recorded in the immediate aftermath of the shooting on Oregon highway 395:  Anyone looking at this story can see clearly that protesters  vehicles were traveling to a pre-arranged community event in the nearby small town of John Day   an event supported by neighboring Grant County Sheriff Glenn Palmer. Palmer was sympathetic to the Bundy s protest and publicly called for the release of the Hammond family whom he believes were wrongfully imprisoned. Oregon Live reported the Palmer was there at the FBI roadblock on Highway 395 alongside a large contingent of armed Federal Agents. If true, this would indicates that Palmer had prior knowledge federal ambush, but more importantly, that he clearly ceded his own legal and Consitutional authority as the county s chief law enforcement official over to the FBI s special agent in charge Greg Bretzing. Absent of any public statement from Palmer on the matter, onlookers can only speculate about this situation.IMPORTANT NOTE (UPDATE 1-30-16): According to this recent report by Pedro Quintana from Central Oregon local affiliate News Channel 21, Sheriff Palmer was not at the federal roadblock and had no prior knowledge of the FBI ambush of the Bundy convoy. According to the chat session relayed in Pedro Quintana s report, Palmer was asked in an online chat,  Did you witness Lavoy shooting, or no? , to which Palmer replies,  NO  The shooting from what I hear was close to 4 and I heard of it at about 5:45pm.  News 21continued: Palmer responded he had no knowledge of anything about the plans or who was coming to the public meeting. He went on to say that the  FBI and Oregon State Police know me, they shared nothing with me and they know I wouldn t have allowed it. Earlier mainstream media reports that Palmer was present at the FBI roadblock would lead Bundy supporters to believe that Palmer had betrayed the Bundys and Lavoy Finicum. One the main sources, if not the main source of the original Sheriff Palmer controversy appears to be none other than Oregon Live staff writer Les Zaitz who has slipped-in this key piece of line into his report which which says: They said they didn t know how long the roadblock would be place. Grant County Sheriff Glenn Palmer was there.  Not surprisingly, this has set-off a virtual backlash online against the Grant County Sheriff, as evidenced by the following screen shot of Google search link found here:  Is this a case of media dirty tricks by Oregon Live? Certainly, Oregon Live s coverage of Burns events has been skewed from the beginning, and have been running character assassination pieces against Malheur occupiers in a effort to discredit the protest. Sheriff Palmer is clearly on record as being sympathetic to the Hammond Ranch protest and had recently opened up a constructive dialogue with the Bundys and occupiers from Malheur Wildlife Refuge. If Pedro Quintana s News 21 report is indeed accurate, then one might conclude that Oregon Live put out a piece of disinformation, likely designed to further divide the protest movement and create dissension in militia and activist ranks. However, until Sheriff Glenn Palmer comes out and issues clear statement declaring where he was   and where he wasn t, then people will continue to speculate what really happened. (END OF UPDATE)NOTE: See more in depth and legal analysis on Sheriff Palmer and the FBI s operation at Free Capitalist.Amazingly, The Post s writer Mike Miller goes on to all but admit a premeditated ambush of the protester s vehicles on Highway 395, and yet, will not call it what it was   an ambush: According to the CNN report, the FBI and Oregon State Police had been watching occupiers come and go from the Malheur National Wildlife Refuge near Burns for days before they spotted a rare opportunity to nab the militant movement s leaders all at once: Finicum, Ammon Bundy, Ryan Bundy and a handful of others climbed into two trucks and drove from the refuge to a meeting in John Day, Ore., two hours north. Authorities chose a cold, deserted stretch of highway to attempt a traffic stop. One vehicle complied with orders and pulled over, but the other  allegedly driven by Finicum  sped off at high speed, according to the report. It should be noted (although never by the Washington Post or CNN) that the protest s leader, Ammon Bundy, had met with FBI negotiators that morning continuing an open dialogue that had been going on for weeks. This, plus the fact that Sheriff Palmer had invited Bundy and his fellow protesters to the community event in John Day, demonstrated that both the Federal government and the local Sheriff had acted in bad faith by drawing all of the main protesters out to the town of John Day, along a pre-planned route, before staging such an ambush with overwhelming force just hours later. The fact that a man is dead definitely underlines the seriousness of their course of action   which appears to be a case of deception on the part of authorities.Similarly, right after the event most mainstream media were calling the event a  shoot-out , even though it was obvious that no shots were fired by vehicle passengers. Granted, such deceptive language by media is nothing new, but it s still further indication that there was a deliberate attempt to skew the narrative in favor of law enforcement s official version of events.UPDATE 1-28-2016 at 11:30PM ET: Due to public pressure and intense speculation about the events of Tuesday evening, and because of the YouTube recording of 18 yr old eye witness Victoria Sharp, the FBI has released the unedited aerial video footage from Tuesday evening s incident which took place along Highway 395 here. According to the official FBI statement:  We feel that it is necessary to show the whole thing unedited in the interest of transparency.  The FBI video entitled,  Complete, Unedited Video of Joint FBI and OSP Operation 01/26/2016 , does show the victim Lavoy Finicum exiting the truck awkwardly in at least two feet of snow, and he clearly does not  charge towards  the SWAT team, and his hands are clearly held high above his head as he exits his truck when confronted by a SWAT team, before being shot multiple times by marksmen and falling in the snow. Also, the scale and size of this operation is very evident by the footage, and the apprehension of the protesters was not the result of a mere  traffic stop  as it was wrongly characterized in multiple mainstream media reports. On its own, this FBI drone footage would appear to support previous government and media claims by CNN, Washington Post and others that the victim was indeed  reaching towards his waistband  which gave federal and state police justification to unleash deadly force. However, it is still not completely clear from this aerial footage whether or not Finicum was holstered (he is said to normally carry a gun on the right hip, but FBI are claiming he had a 9mm gun in his inside left breast pocket), but also whether or not he lowered his arms before, or after he was shot multiple times. For example, if Finicum had his hands in the air and was then was shot in the abdomen first, then any man s natural reaction would be to then lower his hand(s) and clutch the wound. Additionally, if any shots were fired, even in the vicinity, then confusion could have ensued which might have prompted Finicum to reach for his weapon. Either way, it is impossible to make any such a forensic determination without a corresponding audio track  which would help to determine if any shots were fired before Finicum s hand(s) could be seen lowering. WARNING: The following images depict violence and death which some readers may find disturbing. Watch: Finicum appears to temporarily lose his balance in the snow at the very moment he looks to be hit by agents.What is clear however from this video is that armed agents did not shoot to disable their suspect, but shot to kill and even had a laser sight trained on him for many minutes after he was downed. Clearly, multiple SWAT shooters could be seen emerging from the woods. After killing Finicum, police then left the victim to bleed to death laying in the snow, and did not check on him for at least another 8 minutes.Flash-bang rounds can be seen around the 14:00 mark of the FBI s  unedited  version, and the FBI has said that it fired CS gas and  non lethal rounds  (possibly pepper spray rounds, or rubber bullets) are said to have been fired at the truck while the passengers were inside. This begs the question: with nonlethal rounds already in play   why did multiple SWAT shooters use so many deadly rounds against Finicum when he exited the truck with his hands up?See 21WIRE s detailed report of the federal ambush on Highway 395 in Oregon here.READ MORE OREGON STANDOFF  NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Oregon Files
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump will speak to Republican members of the House of Representatives on Tuesday about the Republican healthcare legislation before Congress, congressional aides said. Republicans are divided over the healthcare overhaul, which is Trump’s first major legislative initiative. It aims to fulfill his campaign pledge to repeal and replace Obamacare, the healthcare program of his Democratic predecessor, Barack Obama. A House vote is expected on the bill on Thursday. 
(Reuters) - The financially distressed city of Scranton, Pennsylvania, will soon sell its public sewer utility to a subsidiary of American Water Works Company Inc. for $195 million, a city official said on Tuesday. The deal would mark another step forward in the city’s efforts to stabilize its budget. An old steel and coal town known as the Electric City and as the setting for the television series “The Office,” Scranton’s finances have been under state oversight since 1992. The city’s previous administration made headlines in 2012 when it cut police and firefighter pay to minimum wage for two weeks because it could not make payroll.     “Without this deal the city wouldn’t have been able to survive, financially anyway,” Mayor William Courtright said late 9on Monday in televised remarks on the sewer utility sale. The Scranton Sewer Authority’s board authorized the sale to Pennsylvania American Water late on Monday, City Solicitor Jason A. Shrive told Reuters. Before the transaction can close, it needs governmental approvals from state public utility regulators and state and federal environmental protection agencies. The deal is expected to save the city $350 million over 30 years, plus another $140 million the authority must spend on environmental mediation under a consent decree. Ratepayers will likely see their rates increase on average 1.9 percent per year for the next 10 years, Shrive said, compared to 4.5 to 5 percent every year for the next 30 years if there were no sale.  That amounts to $7,600 of savings total for each ratepayer over the next three decades, Shrive said. A spokeswoman for Pennsylvania American Water, which already owns Scranton’s drinking water system, declined to comment. Nationally, American Water expanded its customer base in 2015 by nearly 42,000 customers, with just over half of those coming from acquisitions that closed that year, according to a transcript of the company’s fourth-quarter earnings call in February. Earlier this month, Scranton city officials also disclosed details of a $31.5 million deal to pay off a long-overdue labor award inherited from the previous administration. The city will pay about $29.3 million in back pay to police and firefighters, including retirees, and put a total of $1.59 million into the city’s public pension funds. These steps, combined with a planned long-term lease of the city’s parking authority that could be finalized by June, could get the city out of the state oversight program for distressed cities by the end of 2017, Shrive said. 
What s all the fuss about if there s no there, there? Is anyone else sickened by the left s efforts to discredit President Trump for months when they knew there was NOTHING THERE!Feinstein had visited CIA headquarters on Tuesday and was briefed on the investigation but months before this we all knew the truth It s just that Feinstein finally admitted it:  Not at this time NOT AT THIS TIME???The Democrats owe President Trump the BIGGEST apology!THE FOLLOWING COMMENT EXPRESSES HOW AMERICA FEELS ABOUT FEINSTEIN AND HER CRONIES: It s been hundreds of days since the  Russian  smear campaign conducted by MSM, democrat operative morons like Olbermann and late night  comedians , and Clintons political cronies   and yet still nothing. Nothing. Not a single thing. A few more months and then they will quietly say  case closed  and hope and pray that we all forgot. Sorry but we won t and we watch you all very differently now, we see right through you. Our patience is just about out and your time handling our power is up. FEINSTEIN EMBARRASES HERSELF DURING QUESTIONING TO NEIL GORSUCH:Senator Dianne Feinstein is no match for Supreme Court nominee Neil Gorsuch. In her questioning today she really made a fool of herself when she tossed out a question that made it clear she hadn t done her homework on Gorsuch. He answered her question by citing numerous specific cases in his legal history. It s understandable that the Democrats are trying to play to their base by dragging out the process of asking ridiculous questions of this perfect nominee for the SCOTUS. This is embarrassing and we have two more days of it! It seems this is backfiring on the Democrats RETIRE ALREADY!
Donald Trump flew in an unmarked jet to a meeting with Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto Wednesday. The meeting was hastily put together but we give huge credit to Trump for making the effort. Hillary chose to troll Trump. Trump laid out his 5-step plan to improve relations with Mexico, which includes a border wall.The meeting ended in a news conference with both men standing at podiums within a few feet of each other. Trump stood his ground and handled the press like a champ. It was really a great opportunity for Trump to show he can negotiate and meet with world leaders. Ending illegal immigration, not just from Mexico but from Central American countries  Having a secure border, which Trump says is a sovereign right and mutually beneficial  Dismantling of the drug cartels and ending the movement of illegal drugs, weapons and funds across the border  Improving NAFTA  Keep manufacturing wealth in our hemisphere Nieto said the US-Mexican border security must address illegal flow south of arms and cash, as well as immigration north. Trump said while he understands why some Mexicans have been offended by Trump s comments, he believes he can work with Trump to achieve goals that will improve the situation in Mexico as well.  We recognize and respect the right of either country to build a physical barrier or wall on any of its borders to stop the illegal movement of people, drugs and weapons,  said Trump. Trump said while the two men discussed the border, he said they didn t talk about who would pay for the wall. After the news conference, Pena Nieto said he told Trump that Mexico won t pay for a border wall, contradicting Trump.To wrap up his speech, Trump said his meeting with Nieto was  excellent  and it was a  tremendous honor. Read more: kban
PHILADELPHIA (Reuters) - When Hillary Clinton first ran for president in 2008 she was badly stung by a backhanded compliment from rival Barack Obama, who called her “likable enough” before going on to win the Democratic nomination and the White House. Eight years later, with her party’s nomination to succeed Obama firmly in hand, the question of her likability, trustworthiness and honesty still hangs over her bid to become America’s first woman president, this time in a Nov. 8 election against Republican Donald Trump. The Democratic National Convention in Philadelphia this week is, in part, an effort to reintroduce her to American voters, more than half of whom view her unfavorably, according to Reuters/Ipsos polling. The criticisms have dogged her for years: She can appear stiff in front of crowds, struggling to show off the compassion her supporters say she shares in private and leaving some voters with the impression she is not giving straight answers to tough questions. Clinton recognizes the problem, aides say. “She knows that she has work to do to earn people’s trust,” said Jennifer Palmieri, Clinton’s communications director. “She also realizes there aren’t some magic words you can say to earn that trust overnight.” Speaker after speaker at the convention took the stage on Monday and Tuesday to offer testimonials on her behalf, including her husband, former President Bill Clinton, who filled his prime-time speech on Tuesday with anecdotes and private moments shared by America’s best-known political couple. Gay basketball player Jason Collins told of the support she offered when he went public with his homosexuality; a grandmother described how her daughter’s battle with drug addiction inspired Clinton to address the drug crisis. A parade of others offered behind-the-scenes glimpses of the former first lady, U.S. senator and secretary of state, describing how she drove through a blizzard to attend a funeral, planned birthday parties and visited survivors of the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks.  Clinton’s personal image, which has fluctuated during her 25 years in the public eye, slumped after a divisive Democratic primary, a lingering controversy over her use of a private email system while serving as the top U.S. diplomat, and repeated Republican attacks on “crooked Hillary.” Reuters/Ipsos polling showed 55 percent of Americans had an unfavorable view of Clinton. Trump is even less popular, with 61 percent holding an unfavorable view. Many Americans think both candidates struggle with the truth. Some 59 percent of Americans believe she is not “honest and truthful,” while 53 percent think the same of Trump, according to the poll. Republican strategist John Feehery said it was too late to rehabilitate Clinton’s image. “You only get one decade to make a first impression,” he said.  Instead, a  better strategy would be to focus on tearing down Trump, given that his negatives surpass her own, Feehery added. Clinton’s campaign appears to be trying just that, running an ad in which Trump can be seen in newsclips, as children watch, swearing, condemning Mexican immigrants as rapists and drug dealers, and mocking a disabled journalist. Clinton, 68, has been a lightning rod for conservative attacks for more than two decades and Republicans serenaded speakers at their convention in Cleveland last week with chants of “Lock Her Up” and signs touting “Hillary for Prison.”  For many Democrats who back Clinton, the poor polling numbers are the result of those relentless attacks - along with a strong dose of sexism toward a woman seeking power. “If you have somebody who is out there pounding you and pounding you and pounding you, eventually it’s going to take a toll,” Richard Trumka, head of the AFL-CIO labor federation, said. “I’ve said this and I’ve said it publicly: Hillary Clinton has to do A+ work to get a C-.” For Democrats, this week affords perhaps their best chance before the election to fortify her against inevitable attacks by Trump that could further dent her image. Praise came from invitees ranging from party superstars (First Lady Michelle Obama) to unknowns (former White House interns).    In one video broadcast to delegates, Clinton embraces and comforts an 11-year-old girl who fears her parents will be deported. In another, shown before the appearance of the Mothers of the Movement - mothers who lost children to gun violence or in police-involved incidents - she encourages them in a private meeting to band together and speak out. “A 30-minute meeting turned into two hours because she listened to us. Nobody else listened to us,” said Sybrina Fulton, mother of Trayvon Martin, a 17-year-old whose fatal shooting death by a neighborhood watch volunteer in 2012 launched a series of protests around the country. Actress Eva Longoria said it was time for Democrats to rally to Clinton’s defense. “She’s had a 25-year smear campaign run against her. It’s understandable Americans are confused about what is true and what is not,” she told a women’s delegate caucus on Tuesday. 
The protesters are breaking all the rules and creating total chaos at every turn during the Dem convention. It is truly a case of the liberals eating their own! Fun to watch! 
21st Century Wire says One of the great myths being spun by the establishment media was that Donald Trump had no support from women, latinos and blacks in the US. As it turned out, this was a lie propagated in a failed attempt to margnalize Republican voters and give a false impression of a liberal Democratic mandate in America. In the end Trump gathered 29% of Latinos, 9% of African Americans and 49% of college educated white women. For months, mainstream media pundits and polls insisted that all of these demographics were exclusively for Hillary Clinton. How could they have got it so wrong?Psychologist and intenet radio personality Kiki Green explains how blacks were conned into voting for Hillary Clinton by the partnership between the Democratic Party, Hollywood and the Clinton campaign   by cynically using celebrities like Beyonce, Jay Z and Katie Perry WARNING: ADULT LANGUAGE please be advised:  SUPPORT 21WIRE   SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV
BAGHDAD/ERBIL, Iraq (Reuters) - Government forces breached the city limits of Tal Afar in northwestern Iraq on Tuesday on the third day of a U.S.-backed offensive to seize it back from Islamic State militants. Tal Afar, a longtime Islamic State stronghold, is the latest objective in the war following the recapture of Mosul after a nine-month campaign that left much of that city in ruins. U.S. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis, speaking just before arriving in Iraq on Tuesday, said the fight against IS was far from over despite recent successes by the Western-backed government. The Sunni Muslim jihadists remain in control of territory in western Iraq and eastern Syria. On Tuesday, however, army and counter-terrorism units broke into Tal Afar from the eastern and southern sides, the Iraqi joint operations command said. About three quarters of the city remain under militant control, including the Ottoman-era citadel in its center, according to an operational map published by the Iraqi military.    The main forces involved are the Iraqi army, air force, Federal Police, the U.S.-trained Counter Terrorism Service (CTS), as well as units from the Shi’ite Popular Mobilization Forces (PMF), who began encircling the city on Sunday.  Located 80 km (50 miles) west of Mosul, Tal Afar is strategic as it lies along the supply route between Mosul and Syria. It has produced some of IS’s most senior commanders and was cut off from the rest of IS-held territory in June.    Up to 2,000 battle-hardened militants remain in Tal Afar, according to U.S. and Iraqi military commanders. “ISIS’ days are certainly numbered, but it is not over yet and it is not going to be over anytime soon,” Mattis told reporters in Amman.  As was the case with the battle for Mosul, aid organizations groups are concerned about the plight of civilians in Tal Afar. U.S. Brigadier General Andrew Croft, chief of coalition air operations over Iraq, said between 10,000 and 20,000 civilians remained in Tal Afar. Up to 20,000 are thought to remain in the surrounding areas, but aid agencies say these are just estimates as they have been without access to Tal Afar since 2014.  Waves of civilians have fled the city and villages under cover of darkness over the past few weeks. Those remaining are threatened with death by the militants, who have held a tight grip there since 2014. About 30,000 have fled Tal Afar since April, according to the United Nations. In Geneva, the U.N. refugee agency UNHCR said those fleeing this week were suffering from dehydration and exhaustion, having lived off unclean water and bread for the past three to four months.  “Many talk of seeing dead bodies along the way, and there are reports that some were killed by extremist groups,” UNHCR spokesman Andrej Mahecic said. “Others appear to have died due to dehydration or illnesses.”  People were also arriving at camps with wounds from sniper fire and exploding mines, he said. Several thousand civilians are believed to have been killed in the battle for Mosul, where Islamic State tried to keep them in areas it controlled to act as human shields against air strikes and artillery bombardments. Defense Secretary Mattis met Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi and Defence Minister Arfan al-Hayali in Baghdad to discuss the role of U.S. forces in Iraq after the recapture of the remaining cities under Islamic State. ‘’There are plans under consideration... that will look at residual presence in the future,” Lt. General Steve Townsend, the U.S.-led coalition’s commanding general, told reporters in a joint press briefing with Mattis. Croft said that over the past two or three months, he had seen a fracturing in the Islamic State leadership. “It just seems less coordinated. It appears more fractured, less robust, and sort of flimsy, is the word I would use... it is sporadic,” Croft told reporters.  Islamic State leaders fled Mosul during the fighting there and the whereabouts of its chief, Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi, are unknown. Unconfirmed reports in the past few months have said he  is dead.   U.S. officials said that while big cities like Mosul have largely been cleared of Islamic State militants, there were concerns about the ability of Iraqi forces to hold territory. Pockets of resistance remained in west Mosul, including sleeper cells, Mattis said. Islamic State is also on the back foot in Syria, where Kurdish and Arab militias backed by the U.S.-led coalition have captured swathes of its territory in the north and are assaulting its main Syrian stronghold of Raqqa. McGurk said about 2,000 Islamic State fighters remained in Raqqa and as much as 60 percent of the city had been retaken. The jihadist group is now falling back deeper into the Euphrates valley region of eastern Syria. Mattis said the next step for forces fighting Islamic State in Syria would be a move against the middle Euphrates valley, a reference to the militants’ stronghold in Deir al-Zor province southeast of Raqqa. A U.S. official also said Mattis would press Massoud Barzani, president of the autonomous Kurdistan Regional Government, to call off a planned referendum on independence. Iraq’s Kurds have said they will hold the referendum on Sept. 25 despite concerns from Iraq’s neighbors who have Kurdish minorities within their borders and a U.S. request to postpone it. However, a senior Kurdish official said the Kurds may consider the possibility of a delay in return for financial and political concessions from the central government in Baghdad. The United States and other Western nations fear the vote could ignite a new conflict with Baghdad and possibly neighboring countries, diverting attention from the ongoing war against Islamic State militants in Iraq and Syria. For a graphic on the map of Iraq conflict, click: here 
Donald Trump Junior was attending a rally when a heckler yelled out a question:Protester: What about your dad s taxes? I want to see his taxes!Donald Jr.: Oh, I don t know. I think Rachel Maddow released something that showed he made $150 million bucks and paid $45 million in taxes. I think the ones that were released showed he paid a much higher percentage in tax than Bernie Sanders and Barack Obama. And made a lot of money in the process. So guess what? You can do it all! You can be successful. You can pay your taxes. And I think that s what he did. So I really appreciate it. Thank you for the intro to that because I wouldn t have gone there.KFBB.com News, Sports and WeatherGreat answer!
The Cincinnati Enquirer has endorsed Republicans for president for nearly a century but Donald Trump forced the paper to break the streak..Despite having reservations about Hillary Clinton, the longtime newspaper could not justify supporting the Republican nominee this time around. Trump, despite all of his bluster about wanting to  make America great again,  has exploited and expanded our internal divisions,  the Enquirer noted.The Enquirer has supported Republicans for president for almost a century   a tradition this editorial board doesn t take lightly. But this is not a traditional race, and these are not traditional times. Our country needs calm, thoughtful leadership to deal with the challenges we face at home and abroad. We need a leader who will bring out the best in all Americans, not the worst.That s why there is only one choice when we elect a president in November: Hillary Clinton.The Enquirer pointed out that Clinton has worked on both sides of the aisle to craft bipartisan legislation and has the experience necessary to be a good president in both domestic and foreign affairs. Furthermore, the Enquirer appreciates that her campaign is inclusive, noting that she has fought for LGBT rights and supports income equality for women.Trump, however, only represents national ruin and embarrassment.Trump is a clear and present danger to our country. He has no history of governance that should engender any confidence from voters. Trump has no foreign policy experience, and the fact that he doesn t recognize it   instead insisting that,  I know more about ISIS than the generals do    is even more troubling. His wild threats to blow Iranian ships out of the water if they make rude gestures at U.S. ships is just the type of reckless, cowboy diplomacy Americans should fear from a Trump presidency. Clinton has been criticized as being hawkish but has shown a measured approach to the world s problems. Do we really want someone in charge of our military and nuclear codes who has an impulse control problem? The fact that so many top military and national security officials are not supporting Trump speaks volumes.The Enquirer also noted that Trump is aligned with white supremacists and has filed bankruptcy multiple times, which defeats the notion that he is a successful businessman.In the end, there is only one real choice for president in 2016, and the Enquirer bucked a 100 year tradition and picked Hillary Clinton.In these uncertain times, America needs a brave leader, not bravado. Real solutions, not paper-thin promises. A clear eye toward the future, not a cynical appeal to the good old days.Hillary Clinton has her faults, certainly, but she has spent a lifetime working to improve the lives of Americans both inside and outside of Washington. It s time to elect the first female U.S. president   not because she s a woman, but because she s hands-down the most qualified choice.This endorsement is particularly important because Ohio is a swing state that will likely be a close call this November. A newspaper endorsement like this one could help many voters make up their minds and could even change enough minds to make a difference. The fact that this newspaper endorsed a Democratic nominee for the first time in about a century is, in the words of Joe Biden, a  big f*cking deal. Featured image via Justin Sullivan/Getty Images
BERLIN (Reuters) - A senior member of the pro-business Free Democrat (FDP) party that is likely to be a partner in Chancellor Angela Merkel s new government said in a magazine interview he did not expect the coalition to form before the end of the year. Next week Merkel s conservatives - who remain the biggest bloc in parliament despite losing support to the far right in a September election - are due to start talks on forming a tricky  Jamaica  coalition with the FDP and the Greens. The alliance, which derives its name from the three parties  colors matching the Jamaican flag, is untried at national level and is likely to be fraught with disagreements on issues like migrants, tax, European Union reform and the environment. Asked whether the parties could work together, FDP deputy leader Wolfgang Kubicki told news magazine Der Spiegel:  It can succeed. The most important thing is that trust needs to be built between participants and that takes time.  That s why it would be illusory to believe we could conclude negotiations by Christmas.  Finance Minister Wolfgang Schaeuble said on Thursday he was optimistic that Merkel and her conservatives - of which he is a member - would be able to forge a new coalition government before Christmas. [nL8N1MN61D] Merkel s Christian Democrats (CDU) and their Bavarian sister party (CSU) removed a major stumbling block to the coalition talks on Sunday by ending a dispute over migrant policy with an agreement to limit to 200,000 the number of people Germany would accept per year on humanitarian grounds. [nL8N1MJ0EG] But Kubicki said the deal was just a starting point:  If the CDU and CSU think their agreement needs to be implemented exactly like that, we ll stand up and leave,  he said. Speculation is rife that the FDP will demand the post of finance minister as a price for joining a  Jamaica  coalition and Kubicki said it was up to FDP leader Christian Lindner to decide whether Lindner would fill that post or be FDP parliamentary floor leader. But Volker Kauder, the CDU s leader in parliament, recently said the Finance Ministry should remain in the hands of his party to further the work of Wolfgang Schaeuble - expected to become parliamentary president. Interior Minister Thomas de Maiziere, a member of Merkel s  conservatives, urged the parties to be pragmatic.  We d be well advised not to be perfectionists in the upcoming coalition negotiations but rather to be open and to build trust that a government will be formed that acts sensibly even during unforeseeable crises,  he told newspaper Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung. 
Yesterday, an eight-year-old girl from Flint, Michigan got a response from President Barack Obama that she ll never forget.Mari Copeny, also known around her town as  Little Miss Flint , had written to Obama about Flint s water crisis, which had been poisoned and contaminated with lead thanks to corruption and negligence by the state s Republican administration. In her message to the President, Copeny spoke up for many children growing up in Flint when she wrote: I am one of the children that is affected by this water, and I ve been doing my best to march in protest and to speak out for all the kids that live here in Flint. Copeny also mentioned that she would be in Washington, DC this week  to watch the congressional hearings of our Governor Rick Snyder and wanted to meet the President and First Lady Michelle Obama despite the fact that My mom said chances are you will be too busy with more important things. Copeny was hopeful, but she didn t expect a prompt response from the busy commander-in-chief. Little did she know, her request was about to be fulfilled in a major way. Obama wrote back, and his response was nothing short of the amazing warm-heartedness that we ve come to expect from our President: Thank you for writing to me. You re right that Presidents are often busy, but the truth is, in America, there is no more important title than citizen. And I am so proud of you for using your voice to speak out on behalf of the children of Flint.That s why I want you to be the first to know that I m coming to visit Flint on May 4th. I want to make sure people like you and your family are receiving the help you need and deserve.Letters from kids like you are what make me so optimistic for the future. I hope to meet you next week,  Little Miss Flint. The White House confirmed those plans in a statement that read, On Wednesday, May 4th, the President will travel to Flint, Michigan where he will hear first-hand from Flint residents like Mari about the public health crisis, receive an in-person briefing on the federal efforts in place to help respond to the needs of the people of Flint, and speak directly with members of the Flint community. Despite her young age, Copeny is a big activist in her community and frequently uses YouTube to raise awareness for the important issues the area is facing. To make sure that no one forgets that people in Flint are still depending on bottled water for their drinking, cooking and bathing needs, Copeny has created a video where she speaks about the hardships the community must endure. You can watch it below:Unfortunately, the polluted water in Flint will be life-altering and affect future generations to come. Not only will children have learning disabilities and behavioral issues, but the lead will be passed onto younger generations by women who are pregnant. Until every last lead pipe in Flint is replaced, this situation will not be resolved. We can only hope that the President s visit to Flint will push Congress to find a solution to this injustice.Featured image via Alex Wong/Getty Images and screenshot
 
One would think that, after all the accusations that Hillary lied to Congress about everything in all of creation, they d be especially sensitive to anybody else lying to them. Especially when it s easily proven. Trump s pick to head the EPA, Scott Pruitt, used a private email account for some of his government business during his tenure as Oklahoma s attorney general. It s not illegal for him to use private email under Oklahoma law as long as the emails are made publicly available, but they weren t, and he lied to Congress about it anyway.Pruitt answered a written questionnaire that asked him whether he used private email. He responded with: I use only my official OAG email address and government issued phone to conduct official business. He later told the Senate Energy and Public Works Committee that he didn t know why a personal email address was listed as part of his business addresses. 7,500 pages of emails, presumably from that address, have been released after an Oklahoma judge ruled that Pruitt had been withholding them illegally.Senate Democrats say this raises serious questions about Pruitt s credibility, which is already on shaky ground because he was suing the EPA as Oklahoma s attorney general. One of the concerns about his emails is that he was working closely with fossil fuel companies to resist the government s efforts to limit carbon emissions   something the fossil fuel industry and all its lackeys hate because it hurts profits.That s a serious conflict of interest, and lies about it just compound the whole situation.Sen. Ron Wyden, an Oregon Democrat, said of Pruitt s credibility: Now that he is in charge of protecting clean air and water in every community across the country, the public must decide for themselves whether they can trust Pruitt when he can t even be honest about his email or his ties to the oil and gas industry. Sen. John Barasso, a Wyoming Republican, wouldn t comment on the matter and other Republicans appear to be silent as well. Why? Likely because they want someone at the EPA who s willing to render it toothless, if not dismantle it entirely, and also because this reflects extremely badly on them given their insistence that Hillary s use of private email was the world s worst crime ever.Pruitt will probably remain at the head of the EPA even though lying to Congress is perjury. Republicans never want to admit when they ve screwed up.Featured image by Aaron P. Bernstein via Getty Images
Donald Trump s visit to a historically black church in Detroit, Michigan on Saturday is being met with fierce condemnation from black leaders. Reverend Wendell Anthony is one of those leaders who is calling out Trump. On Saturday, Anthony, who is the head of the Detroit NAACP chapter, appeared on CNN where he derided the entire visit as a  scam. This is nothing more than a ruse. This is a scam,  Anthony said during the segment.  Mr. Trump is seventy years old, I believe. That election now is less than seventy days from now. It s gonna take a whole lot of conjecture and whole lot of programming to undo what has been done. Anthony is correct. Trump has polling numbers so low with voters of color that it seems almost absurd at this point to try and win them over so close to the election. Considering Trump s support from white supremacist groups, and his recently solidified multi-media brand promotion deal relationship with the reactionary media site Breitbart, which has historically upheld white supremacist positions, there isn t a snowball s chance in hell those numbers will go up. In fact, since Trump began his new strategy of begging voters of color to take a chance on him, his polling numbers with the voting bloc have plummeted even further.Then there s also this long list of reasons that Anthony lists off: Before you talk about the can-do, let s talk about the undo,  he continued.  Let s undo what Mr. Trump has done. Part of what he said is that we need to unite the country. Well his policies, or lack thereof, his commentary, his rhetoric, is doing no more than dividing this nation. When you talk about  I don t want black people counting my money,  or rather have  short folk with yarmulkes counting my money    that s divisive! It s rather amusing to see someone whose entire political career thus far has been made possible by the far right s racism and xenophobia try and pander to voters of color. There s also something sad about it. Very sad!You can watch the video below.Featured image from video screenshot
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Justice Department has gathered enough evidence to charge six members of the Russian government in the hacking of Democratic National Committee computers before the 2016 U.S. presidential election, the Wall Street Journal reported on Thursday, citing people familiar with the investigation. Federal agents and prosecutors in Washington, Philadelphia, Pittsburgh and San Francisco have been cooperating on the DNC investigation and prosecutors could bring the case to court next year, it said. By identifying individual Russian military and intelligence hackers with charges, U.S. authorities could make it difficult for them to travel, but arrests and jailing would be unlikely, according to the Journal report. The hacking investigation, conducted by cybersecurity experts, predates the appointment in May of federal special counsel Robert Mueller to oversee the probe of alleged Russian meddling in the 2016 election and possible collusion with President Donald Trump’s campaign. Mueller and the Justice Department agreed to allow the technical cyber investigation to continue under the original team of agents and prosecutors, the Journal said. U.S. intelligence agencies have said Russian intelligence agencies were behind those cyber attacks, which resulted in thousands of emails and other documents being made public by WikiLeaks last year. The intelligence community concluded in January that Russian President Vladimir Putin ordered the campaign to sway the election in Trump’s favor. Russia has denied it meddled in the election and Trump has denied that his campaign colluded with the Russian government. If the case is brought by federal prosecutors, it would pinpoint the specific Russian military and intelligence hackers behind the attack on the DNC and the emails of John Podesta, who was campaign chairman for Trump’s Democratic opponent, Hillary Clinton. It would be the second time the United States charged Russians with cyber crimes. In March, the Justice Department  charged two Russian intelligence agents and two hackers with masterminding the 2014 theft of 500 million Yahoo accounts. (Corrects last paragraph to say ‘It would be the second time the United States charged Russians with cyber crimes,” instead of “It would not be the second time ...”) 
21st Century Wire says Reframing the current diplomatic crisis in North Korea is essential if genuine progress is to be made in diffusing the current tense situation.Former US President Jimmy Carter is suggesting just that. But will the hawks in Washington listen?. The Carter CenterThe harsh rhetoric from Washington and Pyongyang during recent months has exacerbated an already confrontational relationship between our countries, and has probably eliminated any chance of good faith peace talks between the United States and North Korea. In addition to restraining the warlike rhetoric, our leaders need to encourage talks between North Korea and other countries, especially China and Russia. The recent UN Security Council unanimous vote for new sanctions suggests that these countries could help.  In all cases, a nuclear exchange must be avoided. All parties must assure North Koreans they we will forego any military action against them if North Korea remains peaceful.President Jimmy CarterI have visited North Korea three times, and have spent more than 20 hours in discussions with their political leaders regarding important issues that affect U.S.-DPRK relations.In June 1994, I met with Kim Il Sung in a time of crisis, when he agreed to put all their nuclear programs under strict supervision of the International Atomic Energy Agency and to seek mutual agreement with the United States on a permanent peace treaty, to have summit talks with the president of South Korea, to expedite the recovery of the remains of American service personnel buried in his country, and to take other steps to ease tension on the peninsula. Kim Il Sung died shortly after my visit, and his successor, Kim Jong Il, notified me and leaders in Washington that he would honor the promises made by his father. These obligations were later confirmed officially in negotiations in Geneva by Robert Gallucci and other representatives of the Clinton administration.I returned to Pyongyang in August 2010, at the invitation of North Korean leaders, to bring home Aijalon Gomes, an American who had been detained there. My last visit to North Korea was in May 2011 when I led a delegation of Elders (former presidents of Ireland and Finland and former prime minister of Norway) to assure the delivery of donated food directly to needy people.During all these visits, the North Koreans emphasized that they wanted peaceful relations with the United States and their neighbors, but were convinced that we planned a preemptive military strike against their country. They wanted a peace treaty (especially with America) to replace the ceasefire agreement that had existed since the end of the Korean War in 1953, and to end the economic sanctions that had been very damaging to them during that long interim period. They have made it clear to me and others that their first priority is to assure that their military capability is capable of destroying a large part of Seoul and of responding strongly in other ways to any American attack. The influence of China in Pyongyang seems to be greatly reduced since Kim Jong Un became the North Korean leader in December 2011.A commitment to peace by the United States and North Korea is crucial.When this confrontational crisis is ended, the United States should be prepared to consummate a permanent treaty to replace the ceasefire of 1953. The United States should make this clear, to North Koreans and to our allies.READ MORE NORTH KOREA NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire North Korea FilesSUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV
21st Century Wire says Well, isn t this interesting. Saudi Arabian princes are giving lessons in democracy?Incredible. The headline reads:  Saudi Prince Begs America to Reject Trump. In summary: here we have a hereditary monarch, from a Wahabi theocratic dictatorship now lecturing Americans on who they should vote for in their elections.  During his recent dinner speech at the Washington Institute For Near East Policy at the Mandarin Oriental hotel, Prince Turki- al-Faisal (photo, below), a graduate of Georgetown University, made his passionate plea to the American electorate not to elect Donald J. Trump as president.NOTE: The word  election  is a treasonous concept in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, and if you are ever caught asking for it   you will not only be jailed, but will likely face capital punishment. The Mail Online reported:A Saudi prince has urged Americans not to vote for Donald Trump in the upcoming general election. Turki al-Faisal, who served as Saudia Arabia s ambassador to the US from 2005 to 2007, spoke against the presumptive Republican nominee during a foreign policy dinner in Washington, DC on Thursday.He blasted Trump s proposal to ban Muslims from entering the US, which the billionaire first formulated in December last year before renewing his vow on Wednesday. For the life of me, I cannot believe that a country like the United States can afford to have someone as president who simply says,  These people are not going to be allowed to come to the United States,  Turki said according to the Huffington Post.Prince Turki currently serves as the chairman of the Saudi Arabian-funded Washington DC-based think tank,  King Faisal Center for Research and Islamic Studies.  Interestingly, the Saudi Prince was sharing his Washington DC event stage with none other than Israeli general Yaakov Amidror, the former national security advisor to Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu. Amidror presided over a number of violent operations against the native Palestinian population, including the slaughter of over 500 civilians in Gaza in 2012Whether or not one likes (or loathes) the presumptive Republican Party presidential nominee, it s important to consider the Prince s comments in perspective So who is a greater threat to peace and stability in the Middle East and Central Asia, and elsewhere   Donald Trump or the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia? Let s quickly examine some of Saudi Arabia s  progressive  and democratic credentials.Oil-based MonarchyThe current ruling family in Saudi Arabia, the House of Saud, was installed into power by the British in the early 20th century. Since the development of Saudi Arabia s oil fields, mainly by US and UK firms, tribal elites have had the luxury of having  money on tap , amounting to many trillions of dollars in continuous energy revenue, with almost all of the wealth channeled into the hands of hereditary and royal elites. Saudi s repression of democracy is not limited to its own borders, however. When a true  Arab Spring  event broke out in neighboring Bahrain in 2011, Saudi Arabia deployed its army to put down any popular uprising, and still patrols those streets today.More recently, their vast oil fortunes have been channeled into building-up a militarized state, and recently, with the backing of the US and PR cover by the UN, have openly waged war on its neighbor, Yemen.Regressive SocietyEven in the 21st century, Saudi Arabia still manages to win the near submissive support of the US and the UK, despite the fact that it is running an openly regressive, medieval theocratic autocracy, where hundreds of its citizens are executed in the street, many via beheading. Last year, in 2015, was a record year for beheadings under the newly crowned King Salman. PATRONAGE: President Obama paying tribute to the new King Salman of Saudi Arabia.No Religious FreedomThe Kingdom is also actively repressing its own native Shi ite population, as well as others who are not born into the right royaly-favored religion or tribe.  Practicing Christianity is also forbidden in the Kingdom and any attempted conversion from Islam is punishable by death.Genocidal Military StateFor the last 14 months, and with the assistance of the US, Saudi Arabia and its GCC allies have been waging an illegal and highly brutal military war of aggression against its neighbor Yemen   killing tens of thousands of Yemeni civilians and displacing millions more.World s Premier Supporter of Islamic Extremism and TerrorismHistorically, it is now accepted as fact that Saudi Arabia the world s leading financial supporter of Islamic extremist terrorism in the Middle East and beyond. This has been the case for many decades starting from the Kingdom s central role, together with the CIA and others, in supporting Mujadhedin militants and al Qaeda in Afghanistan from the late 1970 s and all the way through to their involvement in 9/11. This trend continues today, with Saudi, along with its tribal monarch cousin, Qatar, as the primary source of funding and support for terrorist fighting groups like Jabhat Al Nusra (al Qaeda in Syria) and also Islamic State (ISIS), as well as a direct financier of radical Mosques all over the world.Saudi Nuclear Weapon PlansIn the same interview this week, Prince Turki also dropped  another bomb , so to speak, by announcing Saudi Arabia s somewhat disturbing ambitions to acquire nuclear weapons:Saudi Arabia has accepted the Iran nuclear deal, which lasts 10-15 years, Prince Turki said. But what happens after that is  open to question. That s why I ve always maintained that we   must consider all options, including the acquisition of nuclear weapons,  the prince added   though he emphasized his preference for a nuclear weapons-free zone in the region.So who is the real threat in the region and beyond? One thing should be certain by now   it s not Iran, or Donald Trump.READ MORE SAUDI NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Saudi Arabia Files
The occupation of the Malheur Wildlife Reserve in Harney County, Oregon, has now reached the two week mark, and there are no signs of a coming resolution. Many people want this over and done with, especially those whose lives have been disrupted by the presence of Cliven Bundy s sons and a bunch of other pathetic wannabe  patriots.  Well now, the founder of another militia group, the Oath Keepers, has a message for the authorities who are monitoring the situation.Stewart Rhodes uploaded his warning message to the group s website, and insisted that the government better watch out because there will never again be a free Waco,  and if they aren t careful there will be  a conflagration so great, it cannot be stopped, leading to a bloody, brutal civil war. While Rhodes and his group are deliberately staying out of the Bundy situation, his message was no less threatening. In the piece, entitled Warning to U.S. Military and Federal LEOs: Do Not Follow Orders to  Waco  Ammon Bundy Occupation, or Risk Civil War, Rhodes said: This situation (Oregon occupation) must not be handled in a military or paramilitary fashion, using military assets, military rules of engagement, or otherwise attempting to end it suddenly by use of dynamic assault, resulting in catastrophic loss of life, as has occurred twice in recent American history, with horrific results (at Ruby Ridge in 1992, and at Waco Texas in 1993). If you do it  Waco  style here, you risk pushing this nation over the edge into a civil war, because there are  no more free Wacos. This is precisely why, frustrating as it is, these people are still being allowed to occupy this space unlawfully. The authorities have already suggested that another Waco is exactly what these idiots want. Rhodes went on to say: Despite that reality of there being no emergency here, we have very good reason to believe that ideologue leftist bureaucrats within the Obama Administration   such as within the D.O.J., and their politically minded  perfumed prince  puppets within the D.O.D.   are pressuring you to prepare to use military assets and military rules of engagement to conduct a dynamic raid. We hear things. We ll just leave it at that. After this warning, Rhodes went on to attack the Obama Administration, as well as President Obama, himself. We agree, and therefore we warn you to do this right, no matter what the Obama Admin overlords try to demand.  Do it right, or risk starting a conflagration so great, it cannot be stopped, leading to a bloody, brutal civil war. And do it right, because it is your duty to refuse those orders, under your oath to defend the Constitution against all enemies, foreign and domestic. And that includes the domestic enemies now  occupying  Washington D.C. Your brothers in heaven are watching.  Do the right thing.  Stand down, and refuse to obey evil, ghoulish sociopaths who salivate at the prospect of watching Americans die on camera, like they watched during Benghazi,   he stated.  Tell them that if they want American patriot blood, they need to strap on a plate carrier, chest rig, and an M-4 and go do it themselves. That s what these numbskulls don t get. These people are not patriots. They are criminals. This occupation cannot go on forever. Something will have to be done. While it is understandable that no one wants to see bloodshed, this cannot continue indefinitely.Then again, the Oath Keepers are a fringe group of lunatics much like these Bundy idiots, only much more organized, which also makes them more dangerous. Hopefully, the authorities aren t listening to a word they have to say, and will move to get these yahoos out of that wildlife refuge so that the local residents can get back to living their lives.Featured image via screen capture from Raw Story
President Trump made a surprise appearance at a wedding at Trump National Golf Club in Bedminster, N.J. last weekend. He greeted the bride and groom who were obviously shocked and excited to see President Trump. The wedding guests started chanting,  USA, USA, USA! Trump made surprise stop at wedding reception last night at Bedminster. The crowd broke out into chants of  USA!  (Video obtained by CNN) pic.twitter.com/sfe6zFdOlI  Ashley Killough (@KilloughCNN) June 11, 2017A few guests of the wedding posted photos on Instagram of Trump with the bride and groom.Trump crashes wedding at his NJ golf club this weekend. pic.twitter.com/N3Khbpe3Oi  Caitlin Yilek (@hausofcait) June 11, 2017Kristen Piatkowski and Tucker Gladhill s wedding was suddenly extra special when President Trump decided to crash it! The press was kept in the dark on this and only found out when social media exploded with photos and video. See the comment from CNN below:The White House has been largely silent about the President s weekend activities in Bedminster. Members of the traveling press corps, which did not have access to the club, learned of the wedding visit when images started to appear on social media.Trump was to headline a private fundraiser at the club Sunday night for Rep. Tom MacArthur, R-New Jersey, before returning to Washington Sunday night. MacArthur found himself at the crux of the health care debate this spring when he proposed an amendment to the GOP health care plan that got enough conservatives on board to pass the measure. Via: CNN
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump will discuss ways to expand trade with Britain when British Prime Minister Theresa May meets with him at the White House on Friday, although trade may not be the central focus of their conversation, the White House said. “I’m sure that there will be a discussion of trade ... the degree to which I don’t know yet,” White House spokesman Sean Spicer told reporters on Monday. “He’s going to have a great conversation about the potential for greater trade with the UK.” Spicer added that he did not believe there were currently any plans for the two leaders to hold a joint news conference. Trump, asked in the Oval Office what his agenda was for the meeting, would not go into details, saying only, “I look forward to seeing her.” 
MOSCOW/BEIJING (Reuters) - Prospects for a meeting between Russian President Vladimir Putin and U.S. counterpart Donald Trump at this week s Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation summit were unclear after the Kremlin said a meeting was definite before saying it was just a possibility.     Putin and Trump, who had their first face-to-face meeting in July to discuss allegations of Russian meddling in the 2016 U.S. election, are both planning to attend this week s summit in the Vietnamese city of Danang.  The Kremlin, which wants to try to improve battered U.S.-Russia ties, says it has been trying to set up a meeting and Trump told Fox News before his Asia tour that he might meet Putin in Vietnam to talk about Syria, Ukraine and North Korea.  Kremlin aide Yuri Ushakov told Russian news agencies on Thursday that such a meeting would happen on Friday, but Dmitry Peskov, a Putin spokesman, rowed back on that later on Thursday after U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said no decision on formal talks had yet been taken. Tillerson, on a visit to Beijing with Trump, also questioned whether the two leaders would have enough to talk about to justify such a meeting.  There s never been an agreement, certainly not to a full bilat(eral),  said Tillerson, who said it would not be unusual however if the two men had a spontaneous  pull-aside meeting  chat if they bumped into each other.      The question is whether we ve got sufficient substance (for a more formal meeting) and we re working with the Russians as you know on a number of difficult areas,  said Tillerson.  We re in contact with them and the view s that the two leaders are going to meet if there s something sufficiently substantive to talk about that would warrant a formal meeting.  Asked about Tillerson s comments, Peskov, Putin s spokesman, told reporters on a conference call that a possible meeting was still being discussed before predicting that the two men would cross paths  one way or another.      Putin and Trump first got together at a G20 summit in Hamburg in July when they discussed accusations of Russian interference in the U.S. election but agreed to focus on better relations rather than litigating the past.  But ties have soured further since then. Trump in August grudgingly signed off on new sanctions against Russia, a move Moscow said ended hopes for better relations. Putin ordered Washington to cut its embassy and consular staff in Russia by more than half. Tensions have also flared over the conflict in Syria. 
WATCH NOW IN FULL: @oreillyfactor s exclusive #SuperBowl interview with President @realDonaldTrump. pic.twitter.com/p2gIid0fzE  Fox News (@FoxNews) February 5, 2017
A four-year-old Iowa boy died as the result of a gunshot injury on June 18.According to KWWL, the boy and his mother were visiting a friend s home in Elgin at the time of the shooting. The two women had stepped outside, leaving the four-year-old and a second child inside the home to play.The unidentified preschooler found the loaded gun and reportedly shot himself in the face.Neither of the women had a cell phone to call 911. The boy s mother ran across the street for help.KWWL reports that several members of the local community rushed to the child s aid. A local business owner attempted to perform CPR, but the boy was not breathing.He was rushed by ambulance to Palmer Hospital where doctors pronounced him dead.According to police, the gun belonged to the owner of the home who was not present at the time of the child s death.So far this year 263 children under the age of 11 have died from a gunshot injury. Another 1,336 children between the ages of 12 and 17 have also been killed by guns. You can read their names and learn their stories here.No matter how many times we read about children who are injured or killed by improperly stored guns, careless and irresponsible gun owners still leave loaded weapons within easy reach of four-year-olds.If you ask republicans they ll tell you these are just  tragic accidents.  They ll say there s no one to blame and there s nothing that can be done to prevent it from happening over and over again.That s not the truth. According to Children s Defense Fund,  U.S. children and teens are 32 times more likely to die from a gun homicide and 10 times more likely to die from a gun suicide or a gun accident than all their peers in the other high-income countries combined. The statistics tell us that we re doing something wrong, while countries that have enacted sane gun laws, like many of those located in the UK, are doing something right.Protecting the most vulnerable members of society is right, no matter what the NRA or their republican lapdogs in Congress say.Here s more on this story from KWWL.KWWL   Eastern Iowa Breaking News, Weather, ClosingsFeatured image via wikimedia commons
KAMPALA (Reuters) - Foreign victims of an attack on aid workers in South Sudan began giving testimony via video link from the United States on Wednesday in the trial of government soldiers accused of murder and gang rape. The assault on the Terrain Hotel in the South Sudan capital Juba in July 2016, at the end of a battle between government and rebel forces, left a South Sudanese aid worker dead and at least five foreign women raped.  We had testimony from one of the victims through a video conference,  prosecution lawyer Philips Anyang told Reuters, without giving details. He added that a second victim was scheduled to testify on Thursday. Six witnesses are to testify from the United States, with the assistance of the FBI. The military trial in Juba is not open to the media. U.N. investigators and rights groups have frequently accused both the South Sudanese army and rebels of murder, torture and rape, and say such crimes almost always go unpunished.  The civil war, which has killed tens of thousands, broke out in 2013 between the army of President Salva Kiir, an ethnic Dinka, and rebels of former vice president Riek Machar, a Nuer. The trial of 12 suspects in the hotel attack is the first prosecution in South Sudan of soldiers accused of committing atrocities. It had been stalled due to a lack of witness evidence. Previously, the court in Juba demanded witnesses travel to South Sudan to testify, but most were unwilling to do so out of safety and confidentiality concerns. The court has now dropped that requirement.  For [the court] to concede that point was a sign that they were willing to accept victims  concerns and victims  wishes to be a lot more sensitive,  one woman who was raped in the attack told Reuters before the trial began. Another woman told Reuters before the trial that she had been gang-raped by 15 men in the hotel incident. She said she wanted to testify because most victims of such crimes in South Sudan did not get justice.  To stand up and put it on the record that these atrocities are being committed by forces ... is an amazing opportunity that I had to take,  she said. Also testifying will be at least one eyewitness to the murder of the South Sudanese aid worker, John Gatluak, a Nuer who had worked for U.S.-funded organization Internews, Anyang told Reuters. 
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. government officials declined on Tuesday to characterize the treatment of Myanmar s Rohingya Muslims as ethnic cleansing, but listed new measures including targeted sanctions Washington is considering to address the crisis.  I m not in a position ... to characterize it today, but to me this very closely resembles some of the worst kind of atrocities that I ve seen during a long career,  Mark Storella Deputy Assistant Secretary of State from the Bureau Of Population, Refugees and Migration said at a Senate hearing, when pressed to say whether he viewed the situation as ethnic cleansing. Hundreds of thousands of Rohingya Muslims have fled Myanmar s Rakhine state since security forces responded to Rohingya militants  attacks on Aug. 25 by launching a crackdown the United Nations has denounced as ethnic cleansing. Myanmar, also known as Burma, rejects that accusation, insisting action was needed to combat  terrorists  who killed civilians. But it has left the world community counting the cost as international organizations and the government of Bangladesh, which has taken in the vast majority of the refugees, race to provide food, water and medical care. Many U.S. lawmakers have clamored for a strong U.S. response to the crisis and criticized government leader Aung San Suu Kyi, a Nobel peace laureate once hugely popular in Washington, for failing to do more.  She s an impressive person, but she s not taking on the challenge,  said Senator Ben Cardin, the ranking Democrat on the Senate Foreign Relations Committee. Cardin said he considered the treatment of the Rohingya genocide. The State Department said on Monday that Washington is taking steps and considering a range of further actions over Myanmar s treatment of the Rohingya, including targeted sanctions under its Global Magnitsky law. [L2N1MZ01T] At the foreign relations committee hearing, Patrick Murphy, Deputy Assistant Secretary of State for East Asian And Pacific Affairs, said broader sanctions were also being considered, but cautioned that doing so could lessen the U.S. government s ability to influence the Myanmar government to change. 
Hillary Clinton was reportedly drunk at a rally in New Jersey according to several sources but you be the judge: Rumors of Hillary Clinton s chronic alcohol use have been swirling around the politician for years, but have proven especially rampant this campaign season with the focus and national debate on the Democrat s lingering health issues. And for good reason. Wikileaks recently released an email chain where her aides talked of sobering up the Democratic presidential candidate.An Aug. 2015 email from communications aide Jennifer Palmieri instructs campaign chairman John Podesta to locate and sober Hillary up so that she can return or respond to documents that were emailed to her hours before. I think you should call her and sober her up some,  Palmieri said.The Wikileaks email chain between Palmieri and Podesta shows that Clinton was not reachable throughout the entire afternoon on Aug 8. Additionally, other emails released by Wikileaks and Judicial Watch indicate Clinton sleeps well into mid afternoon on many days and as secretary of state, overslept and missed key national security meetings and daily briefings.New York Times national reporter Amy Chozick covered the Clinton s vicious primary campaign in 2008 against Barack Obama. In a 2015 profile for ABC News about Clinton, Chozick said she was surprised how much booze Clinton swilled on the campaign trail. Chozick said: Hmm. She likes to drink. We were on the campaign trail in 2008 and the press thought she was just taking shots to pander to voters in Pennsylvania. Um, no. Clinton family insider and campaign manager at the time in 2008, Terry McAuliffe, now governor of Virginia, concurred: She loves to sit, throw  em back. So to me this is nothin  new,  McAuliffe said.  We all hear about the story that she and John McCain actually had a shot contest, I think in the Ukraine or somewhere around the world. And she actually beat John McCain in a shot contest. She s a girl from Illinois who likes to throw  em down with the rest of us. Actually, it was on a congressional tour of Estonia: Read more: True Pundit
TOKYO (Reuters) - Heavy rain and powerful winds are expected to lash large areas of Japan on Sunday as a strong typhoon sweeps ashore, possibly hindering voter turnout in a national election. Typhoon Lan was classified as an intense Category 4 storm on Saturday, with winds of up to 250 km/h (156 mph), according to the Tropical Storm Risk web site. By midday, it was south of South Borodino Island, east of Okinawa, and moving northeast at 15 kph, the Japan Meteorological Agency said. It is expected to weaken to a Category 1 typhoon as it nears the Tokyo metropolitan area on Monday morning, Tropical Storm Risk said. Authorities in Okinawa and Hyogo prefectures have moved voting ahead a day for some remote islands as the storm neared, media said. Saturday marked the last day of campaigning for the parliament s lower house seats, and bad weather could deter some voters. Prime Minister Shinzo Abe s Liberal Democratic Party-led (LDP) coalition is on track to roughly match the two-thirds  super majority  it held in parliament s lower house before dissolution, helped by divisions in the opposition camp and jitters over North Korea s nuclear and missile programs, media forecasts have said. 
BANGKOK (Reuters) - Hotels in Bangkok s bustling old town, home to a backpacker enclave favored by foreign tourists, are booked up as Thailand prepares to host the lavish funeral of its revered King Bhumibol Adulyadej next week, the hotel association said on Monday. The funeral of King Bhumibol, who died on Oct. 13 last year after seven decades on the throne, will run for five days next week, with most events centering on the Grand Palace and Sanam Luang, a public square in the historic quarter. About 250,000 mourners are expected to attend the funeral, which will feature gold-tipped pavilions built for the occasion, and Oct. 26, the day of the cremation, has been declared a national holiday.  Many Thais wishing to attend the cremation feel it would be more convenient having a place to stay nearby, so most hotels have been booked out already,  Supawan Tanomkieatipume, president of the Thai Hotels Association, told Reuters. A Reuters survey of three hotels on the Khao San Road, the main artery of the Banglamphu backpacker area, found no rooms were available.  We are fully booked during the royal cremation,  said Preechaya Amngeun, 23, a guest services agent at the Ibis Styles Bangkok Khaosan Viengtai, part of French hotel group Accor.  Around 80 percent of the guests we have are Thais. The other 20 percent are foreign tourists.  Thailand s tourism industry, which accounts for 12 percent of GDP, has been a rare bright spot for an economy that has struggled since a 2014 coup. It has weathered political turbulence and a major natural disaster over the past decade. (This story has been refiled to insert place in dateline) 
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A Democratic U.S. senator pressed Deutsche Bank (DBKGn.DE) on Wednesday to release information about issues including President Donald Trump’s debt and any bank meetings with Trump administration officials, saying he had “great concern” about possible conflicts of interest. “I write to you with great concern regarding conflicts of interest between Deutsche Bank and the President of the United States and how these conflicts may impact ongoing investigations and regulatory oversight of your institution,” Senator Chris Van Hollen wrote in a letter addressed to the chief executive of Deutsche Bank USA, which he released to the public. Van Hollen is a member of the Senate Banking Committee. A spokeswoman for Deutsche Bank declined comment. White House officials did not respond to a request for comment. Van Hollen’s letter said prior financial disclosures listed two loans and two mortgages for which Deutsche Bank was the lender and Trump the borrower. Those loans amounted to about $340 million, with another $950 million extended to a venture in which Trump owns a 30 percent stake, he wrote. The letter also noted that Jared Kushner, Trump’s son-in-law and senior adviser, holds a multimillion-dollar line of credit at Deutsche Bank. Van Hollen asked for a response by May 12. 
It doesn t take a rocket scientist to know that having a Russia-U.S. cybersecurity unit is the most backwards, moronic idea an administration could come up with   which is exactly why Donald Trump is encouraging it.When Trump introduced the idea earlier this month that Russia would be working with the United States on cybersecurity   even though Russia interfered with the election and is our primary digital adversary   Americans across the country were outraged in a collective mix of disbelief and disgust. It seemed as though Trump was purposely trying to throw his Russian scandal in everyone s face, ignoring the severity of the entire situation. Fortunately, director of the National Security Agency Adm. Mike Rogers shares the feelings of many Americans, and has publicly announced his disapproval of the cybersecurity project.In response to Trump s discussion with Russian leader Vladimir Putin on the creation of an impenetrable Cyber Security unit  to prevent further election hacking and cyber threats, Rogers stated at the Aspen Security Forum in Colorado that now  is probably not the best time  for a project like that, diplomatically stating the obvious: Trump s plan is idiotic.This is just the latest criticism Trump is facing on the proposal   right after he announced it, Trump was hit with backlash from several lawmakers, which forced him to flip-flop on his proposal. Trump later said: The fact that President Putin and I discussed a Cyber Security unit doesn t mean I think it can happen. It can t-but a ceasefire can, [and] did! As long as people like Roger continue speaking out and acknowledging that Trump has a massive Russian scandal that is currently unfolding before our very eyes, none of Trump s ridiculous schemes to keep befriending Russia will have any success.Trump has an extremely shady, problematic relationship with Putin   one that has undermined our democracy as the Kremlin s interference in the election has been confirmed by the U.S. intelligence community (although Trump keeps denying it). The fact that Trump is having secretive meetings with Putin and thrusting Russia into join projects with the U.S. should not be taken lightly. Trump must be watched closely, and he needs to be called out accordingly.Featured image via Alex Wong / Getty Images
(Reuters) - Republican presidential candidate Marco Rubio aimed to capitalize on rival Ted Cruz’s recent missteps leading up to Tuesday’s Nevada caucus, where a strong finish could bolster his position as the establishment favorite for his party’s nomination. Looming over the tight race between the two first-term Cuban-American U.S. senators is Republican front-runner Donald Trump, the billionaire businessman who has won two of the first three state nominating contests for the Nov. 8 election and is expected to dominate the field in Nevada. With Trump, a blunt-spoken political outsider, commanding a double-digit lead in a handful of Nevada opinion polls, political strategists in the state said Rubio and Cruz had a more modest goal: a clear win over the other, which could propel them through the busy voting month of March. “They’re playing for second,” said Nevada political analyst Jon Ralston. A recent CNN/ORC poll put Trump ahead by 26 percentage points in Nevada, at 45 percent, followed by Rubio, from Florida, at 19 percent, and Cruz, from Texas, at 17 percent. Lagging behind were retired neurosurgeon Ben Carson, who  stoked controversy on Tuesday by suggesting that Barack Obama, the first African-American U.S. president, was “raised white,” and Ohio Governor John Kasich. Carson was at 7 percent and Kasich was at 5 percent. Kasich, who finished second to Trump in the Feb. 9 New Hampshire primary, kept his focus on bigger states, including Michigan and Virginia.  Trump took to Twitter as polls opened on Tuesday night to encourage voters to turn out and cast ballots for him, taking a jab at Cruz, whom he has continually described as dishonest. “Make sure you get on the Trump line and are not misled by the Cruz people,” he wrote. “They are bad! BE CAREFUL.” Hoping to gain an edge in Nevada, Cruz spent time engaging rural voters and far-right conservatives. Rubio, the son of former casino workers who spent six years in Nevada as an adolescent, played up his ties to the region. “He’s not pushing it hard, like, ‘I’m really a Nevadan’,” said Eric Herzik, a political science professor at the University of Nevada-Reno. “But both he and his surrogates have highlighted he has the best understanding of Nevada because he actually lived here.” The rivalry between Rubio and Cruz, who won the first-in-the-nation Iowa caucuses on Feb. 1, has intensified as both seek a boost going into the nominating contests in a dozen states on March 1, known as Super Tuesday. Rubio beat Cruz by fewer than 1,000 votes for second place in South Carolina’s Republican primary on Saturday.  Strategists said Rubio was benefiting from the withdrawal of one-time establishment favorite Jeb Bush, some of whose donors were preparing to shift to Rubio immediately after Bush dropped out on Saturday night. Rubio has picked up endorsements from several Nevada party leaders since then, including U.S. Senator Dean Heller and Nevada Lieutenant Governor Mark Hutchison. He touted those gains at a campaign rally in Michigan on Tuesday, saying he was “proud” of supporters who had made the switch to him after Bush’s exit. The Cruz campaign, meanwhile, lost a key staffer on Monday when the candidate fired his main spokesman, Rick Tyler, for posting a video that falsely showed Rubio dismissing the Bible. The firing came amid intense criticism of the Cruz campaign for unethical behavior from both Trump and Rubio. Trump, known for his blistering attacks against his rivals, continued to focus his venom on Cruz on Tuesday, writing on Twitter that he “lies like a dog.” Cruz aimed to quiet one of Trump’s most common attacks - that he isn’t eligible to run for president because he was born in Canada - on Tuesday when he asked a federal court in Houston to throw out a class-action lawsuit questioning his eligibility.  (Reporting by Megan Cassella in Washington; Additional reporting by Alana Wise; Editing by Peter Cooney, Jonathan Oatis, Leslie Adler and Paul Tait) This article was funded in part by SAP. It was independently created by the Reuters editorial staff. SAP had no editorial involvement in its creation or production.
With his decision to withdraw from the Paris climate agreement, President Trump just gave the #ResistTrump crowd a new reason to hate him. Meanwhile, his supporters can add another check mark in the  promised kept  category. We all know how rare it is for a politician to actually do what he promised he d do while campaigning for office. Now it s up to Trump supporters to make sure they have his back President Trump said he was elected to represent the citizens of  Pittsburgh, not Paris,  during remarks Thursday explaining his decision to withdraw the U.S. from the Paris climate agreement. We want fair treatment for our taxpayers,  he said.  We don t want other leaders and other countries laughing at us anymore, and they won t be. They won t be. I was elected to represent the citizens of Pittsburgh, not Paris. Trump appeared to name-drop Pittsburgh because of its historic ties to the coal and manufacturing industries.However, Democratic Pittsburgh Mayor Bill Peduto rejected Trump s words, saying his city would follow the guidelines of the agreement to curb greenhouse gas emissions.  WFBThe mayor of Pittsburg, Bill Peduto, took to Twitter to show his opposition to and disrespect for our president who dodged a major bullet by his brave decision to not go along with the Paris Agreement:As the Mayor of Pittsburgh, I can assure you that we will follow the guidelines of the Paris Agreement for our people, our economy & future. https://t.co/3znXGTcd8C  bill peduto (@billpeduto) June 1, 2017Apparently not everyone who follows the radical mayor of Pittsburg agreed with his tweet. Here are some of the responses he received:Enjoy your last term Mr mayor  Ed Serrano (@bugkiller7803) June 1, 2017You're more likely to be shot or killed in Pittsburgh than in Chicago. Maybe mayor Peduto should fix that before the climate @PressSec #MAGA pic.twitter.com/uigrOKxHxQ  Democrats are NAZIs (@iResistAll) June 1, 2017
What in the world is it with Obama and criminals? He releases them early and acts as if they were wrongly accused. Perhaps, in his eyes they were wrongly accused but he s not judge, jury and executioner. He s said he feels like African American males have been wronged in the criminal justice system when it comes to drug charges. In other words, they are the victims!  About one in every 35 African American men, one in every 88 Latino men is serving time   African Americans are more likely to be arrested.    ObamaA new federal audit just came out and it looks like Obama favors criminals over just about everyone in the military and our senior citizens too! President Obama has repeatedly demonstrated that there s an extra special place in his heart for incarcerated criminals, but this is a bit much. The administration spends a lot more money on the medical care of jailed convicts than retired seniors on Medicare, active U.S. military personnel or veterans, including an extra $100 million in one year alone, according to a federal audit released this month.The Federal Bureau of Prisons (BOP) consistently pays outside doctors and hospitals more to treat inmates than Medicare or other federal agencies would pay for the same services, according to the report which is the result of a Department of Justice (DOJ) Inspector General investigation.  We found that the BOP is the only federal agency that pays for medical care that is not covered under a statute or regulation under which the government sets the agency s reimbursement rates, usually at the Medicare rate,  the report states.  Instead, the BOP solicits and awards a comprehensive medical services contract for each BOP institution to obtain outside medical services. This means the BOP negotiates its own rates for medical services, which is outrageous and ends up costing American taxpayers tens of millions of dollars annually. Without the cost regulations that apply to all other federal agencies, the BOP pays a premium above applicable Medicare rates for medical care. In fiscal year 2014, for instance, the BOP spent at least $100 million more for medical care than it would have if it had paid Medicare rates. Other law enforcement agencies, including those within the DOJ like the U.S. Marshals Service and the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI), stay within the Medicare rates to provide outside medical services for individuals in their custody. So does the Department of Defense (DOD), the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) and the Indian Health Service to treat members of the military and their dependents, veterans and Native Americans.In many cases the same medical providers that work for other federal agencies, charge the BOP a premium above the Medicare rate when treating inmates, the DOJ watchdog reveals. From fiscal year 2010 to 2014, BOP spending for outside medical services increased 24%, from $263 million to $327 million and the figure is only going to increase.  Medical spending constitutes a significant and increasing portion  of the BOP s budget, the IG found. Specifically, the agency spent $905 million of its $6.2 billion budget on inmate medical care in one year alone, according to the figures provided in the report. This includes salaried BOP medical staff, prescription drugs, medical supplies and outside providers. In all, the agency purchases outside medical care at inflated rates for more than 170,000 inmates nationwide at a cost of more than $300 million annually. The contracts have reimbursement rates at least 15% above the Medicare benchmark rate, the report says.Read more: Judicial Watch
JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Nazareth, the Israeli Arab city where Jesus is thought to have been raised, has canceled some Christmas celebrations in protest at U.S. President Donald Trump s recognition of Jerusalem as Israel s capital, an official said. Trump announced the move last week, reversing decades of U.S. policy and recognized Jerusalem as the capital of Israel, jeopardizing Middle East peace efforts and upsetting the Arab world and Western allies alike. Nazareth, the largest Arab town in Israel with a Muslim and Christian population of 76,000, is one of the Holy Land s focal points of Christmas festivities.  We have decided to cancel the traditional Christmas singing and dancing because we are in a time of dispute, because of what Trump has said about Jerusalem,  city spokesman Salem Sharara said. Nazareth is traditionally thought to be where Jesus grew up. The imposing Basilica of the Annunciation in central Nazareth is built on a site which many Christian faithful believe was the childhood home of Jesus  mother, Mary.  Sharara said the town s market stalls and the traditional Christmas church services would be held as they are every year. Within an hour of the announcement, the Palestinian towns of Bethlehem, Jesus s traditional birthplace, and Ramallah in the Israeli-occupied West Bank briefly switched off their Christmas lights in protest.  There was no word from the Bethlehem municipality whether it was also weighing a cutback on its celebrations at a crucial time of year for the town s tourist trade. 
One woman s awful experience at the airport could soon be what we all go through to travel by air. This is the day of terrorism where Islamists will do pretty much anything to hide explosives or a weapon so we now have to endure a very  intimate  examination in order to keep us all safe when flying. The new procedure was put in place a month ago-Please see the specifics below.Do you have a story to tell? We d like to hear it. Here s Jenna s story below:Jenna MacFarlane was on the way to visit a friend in Baltimore in April when her carry-on bag triggered an alarm at Charlotte s airport.A Transportation Security Administration screener told MacFarlane she would have to undergo a full-body pat-down by a female officer. Late for her flight and with no option other than to be searched in private, MacFarlane agreed.The pat-down, done over her clothes, explored her breasts, crotch and buttocks. I did not imagine that she would ask me a few times to spread my legs wider and in fact touch my vagina four times with the side of her hand,  MacFarlane later wrote in a complaint to the TSA.Just a month before her search, TSA had launched a new,  more involved  pat-down procedure:Pat-down procedures are used to determine whether prohibited items or other threats to transportation security are concealed on the person. You may be required to undergo a pat-down procedure if the screening technology alarms, as part of random or unpredictable security measures, for enhanced screening, or as an alternative to other types of screening, such as advanced imaging technology screening. Even passengers who normally receive expedited screening, such as TSA Pre  passengers, may at times receive a pat-down.A pat-down may include inspection of the head, neck, arms, torso, legs, and feet. This includes head coverings and sensitive areas such as breasts, groin, and the buttocks. You may be required to adjust clothing during the pat-down. The officer will advise you of the procedure to help you anticipate any actions before you feel them. Pat-downs require sufficient pressure to ensure detection, and areas may undergo a pat-down more than once for the TSA officer to confirm no threat items are detected.TSA officers use the back of the hands for pat-downs over sensitive areas of the body. In limited cases, additional screening involving a sensitive area pat-down with the front of the hand may be needed to determine that a threat does not exist.You will receive a pat-down by an officer of the same gender. TSA officers will explain the procedures to you as they conduct the pat-down. Please inform an officer if you have difficulty raising your arms or remaining in the position required; an external medical device; or areas of the body that are painful when touched. You may request a chair to sit if needed.At any time during the process, you may request private screening accompanied by a companion of your choice. A second officer of the same gender will always be present during private screening.Read more here: Charlotte Observer
The last accuser who could have been the nail in the coffin for Bill O Reilly spoke on The View about her sexual harassment lawsuit. Perquita Burgess and her lawyer were on The View for their 15 minutes of fame. Attorney Lisa Bloom should know better than to send her client on to speak out about her allegations. Lisa Bloom has a track record as a high profile lawyer for cases like this She should know better but it could be that she s trying to gain sympathy for her client.Please listen to the video and let us know what you think about what she said and about sexual harassment in the workplace:O Reilly settled with other women over sexual harassment but how do we know if any of them has any credibility? How does a man protect himself from such charges?If this could be brought up on charges, then every high profile man out there needs a witness when he walks around anywhere.Are the comments (if true) that this woman said Bill O Reilly made considered sexual harassment to you? What exactly is sexual harassment? If it s how you feel then men are in big trouble because of all of the  offended  women out there. Should the definition be broader or should it be more narrowly defined. We feel with our litigious society, the cases for sexual harassment should be very closely scrutinized. 
 Shark Tank  star and insanely successful real estate mogul Barbara Corcoran has known Republican nominee Donald Trump for over three decades   and she recently showed that there s no one better to drop a truth bomb on America about who The Donald really is.In an epic interview with Erin Burnett, Corcoran added more weight to the allegations of the twelve women who have come forward against Trump, claiming that the business mogul sexually assaulted them. Corcoran admitted that she saw inappropriate behavior from Trump quite often, and she was even the victim of his misogynistic, degrading behavior at one point in time.Corcoran admitted that when she was pregnant, Trump began talking excessively about her breasts while they were in a business meeting. Corcoran recalled the time Trump sexualized and objectified her: I was pregnant with my first child at the time. So was his second wife [Marla Maples]. And he compared my breast size to his wife by putting his hands in the air, telling me how large they are. If a man is that way   so inappropriate   I just assume it s that way all the time. Corcoran showed solidarity with Trump s victims and not only said that she believed them, but said she thought it was preposterous that he s claiming he s done nothing like that. The popular investor also said she hoped she was wrong about her earlier prediction that Trump might win the election, noting that she thinks he will self-destruct before he gets any closer to the White House.You can watch Corcoran blow the lid off Trump s lies below:Corcoran is now the second  Shark Tank  investor to rail against Trump, following billionaire Mark Cuban, who has been destroying Trump every chance he gets for the last several weeks.Featured image via Frederick M. Brown and Brian Blanco / Getty Images
In one glorious opening statement, Rep. Elijah Cummings made it clear that Michigan Governor Rick Snyder should face prison time for the tragedy afflicting the city of Flint.As Snyder sat waiting to testify about his and his administration s role in the Flint water crisis that has poisoned residents since 2014, Cummings kicked off the grilling by making it clear to Snyder that if he were a corporate CEO he would be hit with criminal charges already.Cummings began by noting that the special prosecutor in the case has already said that public officials, including Snyder and members of his staff, face prosecution because they knew about the crisis and did nothing. We re here to investigate what possible crimes there are, anything [from] involuntary manslaughter or death that may have happened to some young person or old person because of this poisoning, to misconduct in office,  Special Investigator Todd Flood said last month.  We take this very seriously. Cummings then read emails from top level members of Snyder s staff revealing that the administration knew of the crisis as far back as October 2014   shortly after the emergency manager Snyder appointed to control Flint switched the city s water supply from Lake Huron to the Flint River, which had not been used for decades because it was unsafe for human consumption, all to save a minuscule amount of money in the budget. Now the crisis will cost Michigan billions of dollars to fix.In fact, The October email proved that Snyder had a chance to get ahead of the issue before the crisis became a huge deal because his Chief of Staff was advised to switch back to the Detroit water system as swiftly as possible to avoid the very crisis that has unfolded over the last few months.Cummings then laid into Snyder for allowing an  entire generation of children  to get lead poisoning which will cause serious health problems that will affect them for the rest of their lives. There is no doubt in my mind that if a corporate CEO did what Governor Snyder s administration has done, he would be hauled up on criminal charges. There will now be an entire generation of children who suffer from brain damage, learning disorders, and many other horrible effects of lead poisoning that were afflicted on them by Gov. Snyder s administration.Here s the video via YouTube.While questioning Snyder, Cummings said he found it  hard to believe  that he didn t know about the crisis until it was too late. once again pointing out that members of his senior staff knew in late 2014 that there was a serious problem brewing. After much back and forth about whether or not Snyder actually discussed the Flint crisis with his Chief of Staff, Snyder made a desperate effort to blame the state Department of Environmental Quality and the state Department of Health and Human Services. But Cummings refused to let Snyder off the hook. It seems like there are two basic possibilities. Either your chief of staff told you about these concerns and you did nothing, or he didn t tell you and you are an absentee governor. Here s that video via YouTube.Make no mistake, Rick Snyder is in the hot seat today and he s getting his ass handed to him right now. And he deserves it just as much as he deserves a pair of metal bracelets and an orange jumpsuit.Featured image via video screen capture
LIMA (Reuters) - Four former and current executives of Peruvian construction companies were detained pending trial on Monday, accused of colluding with Brazilian builder Odebrecht [ODBES.UL] to bribe a former president. Judge Richard Concepcion ordered the men, who deny wrongdoing, to be held in pre-trial jail to ensure they do not flee or obstruct the law, as prosecutors prepare criminal charges. The decision marked the first time executives from major Peruvian companies have been jailed in the  Car Wash  scandal, Brazil s largest-ever corruption probe that has widened to include other Latin American countries. Odebrecht has admitted to bribing local officials in 12 countries to secure public works contracts over the course of a decade and promised authorities that it would provide details. Prosecutor Hamilton Castro accused Jose Alejandro Grana and Hernando Alejandro Grana, who once headed Peru s biggest construction group Grana y Montero, and Fernando Gonzalo and Jose Fernando Castillo, who work for two private contractors, of providing $15 million of a $20 million bribe that Odebrecht paid. The money was paid to ex-president Alejandro Toledo to secure highway contracts that the companies partnered together on a decade ago and had been disguised on company books as the cost of  additional risks  covered by Odebrecht, Castro said at a court hearing. The judge also ordered Gonzalo Ferraro, a former Grana y Montero manager who was in local hospital, to be placed under house arrest. All five men deny any wrongdoing and are appealing the judge s ruling, said Ferraro s attorney Roger Yon. Grana y Montero, and the two private companies, JJC Contratistas Generales and Ingenieros Civiles y Contratistas Generales, declined to comment. The three companies have previously denied knowing about or taking part in Odebrecht s bribes. Grana y Montero s U.S.-listed shares closed 6.9 percent lower on Monday.  The corruption probe has shaken up the local construction sector as the government prepares to award nearly $8 billion in contracts for rebuilding infrastructure and housing destroyed by flooding. President Pedro Pablo Kuczynski, who served in Toledo s cabinet when the highway contracts were awarded, has said he knew nothing about the alleged bribe for Toledo.     Toledo, ordered to pre-trial detention in February, has denied taking bribes from Odebrecht. Peru is seeking his extradition from the United States. A second former President, Ollanta Humala, has been in pre-trial detention since July and denies allegations he took illicit funds from Odebrecht.                     
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - For a Republican Party trying to woo Hispanic voters, the timing of the U.S. Supreme Court’s review of the legality of President Barack Obama’s executive action on immigration could not come at a more awkward time.  The case, which will consider whether Obama exceeded his constitutional authority to spare from deportation millions of immigrants in the country illegally, is set to be argued in the coming months with a decision due by the end of June. That would land the issue squarely in the middle of the U.S. presidential race, just weeks before Republicans gather for their convention to choose a nominee in November’s election. A Supreme Court win for the Republican-governed states that sued to block Obama’s action surely would have conservatives in the party celebrating but might have those in the party who are concerned about reaching Hispanic voters fretting. “As a Republican, you would take a quick victory lap and then not talk about it,” said Rodell Mollineau, a Democratic strategist and former aide to Senator Harry Reid of Nevada. “Either way, whatever happens, you want it to happen quickly.” Republican strategists have long worried that the hard-line stance taken by the likes of Donald Trump and Ted Cruz toward Obama’s immigration policies would cost the party the opportunity to secure the badly needed support of Hispanic voters in the general election.  In the 2012 election, Hispanic voters preferred Obama over Republican nominee Mitt Romney by a massive margin, 71 percent to 27 percent, causing Republican leaders afterward to warn that if the party did not start broadening its appeal to that swiftly growing demographic, it would be on the losing end of presidential contests for years to come.  John Feehery, a Republican strategist who has argued that the party needs to a do a better job courting Hispanics, conceded that those voters largely would blame Republicans if Obama’s policy is blocked by the justices. But, Feehery said, those voters also might fault Obama for trying to bypass Congress to do something he was not empowered under the Constitution to do, setting back the cause of immigration reform in the process. Hispanic advocates are already angry with Obama over recent deportation raids by the Department of Homeland Security.  “Latino voters will of course blame Republicans, but should the Supreme Court decide against the president, he will blamed also, especially in conjunction with his increased enforcement against illegals,” Feehery said.  Democratic presidential candidates seemed eager on Tuesday to have the court rule on the case, contending that it provides an opportunity for the court to ratify the president’s action  and end the debate over its legality. And they seemed mindful of the issue’s potency on the campaign trail. “(Obama’s) action should be upheld so families can stay together and live without fear of deportation,” Hillary Clinton, the front-runner for the Democratic nomination, wrote on Twitter.  Her top rival, Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont, said he was “confident the president has the legal authority” for the order. Sanders called on Congress to move forward on immigration reform, but pledged that, as president, “he would uphold and expand the president’s action.” Criticism of the 2014 executive order, and of the president’s use of his executive authority generally, has been standard fare among Republicans on the campaign trail. Cruz, a senator from Texas and a leading contender for the Republican nomination, has been a long-time critic of Obama’s immigration policies. Cruz, a Harvard-trained lawyer and former Supreme Court clerk who once served as his state’s top advocate before the high court, said it was significant that the justices will decide whether Obama violated the U.S. Constitution’s requirement that presidents “take care that the laws be faithfully executed.” “He did not do that, and I trust that the court will reach that conclusion,” Cruz said.  Senator Marco Rubio of Florida, who co-sponsored bipartisan immigration legislation that passed the Senate in 2013 but died in the House of Representatives, has also been a longstanding critic of Obama’s use of executive power. Rubio has since backtracked on his support for the legislation.  “I’m confident (the Supreme Court) will agree Obama executive orders are unconstitutional,” Rubio wrote on Twitter. “Regardless, as president, I will end them.” 
DUBAI (Reuters) - Bahrain said on Wednesday a bomb attack on a police bus which killed an officer and wounded nine last month was carried out by a militant cell trained by its arch-foe Iran. After authorities quashed Shi ite Muslim-led  Arab Spring  protests on the Sunni-ruled island in 2011, militants have launched deadly bombing and shooting attacks against security forces that Bahrain blames on Tehran s Shi ite theocracy.  Iran denies any role in Bahrain s unrest. There was no immediate Iranian reaction to Wednesday s Bahraini interior ministry statement, which added that authorities had arrested one member of the cell while others were fugitives in Iran.  The terrorist cell received extensive training in Iranian Revolutionary Guard camps on the use and manufacture of explosives and firearms, as well as material and logistical support,  the ministry said. Bahrain said earlier this week that an explosion at its main oil pipeline on Friday was caused by  terrorist  sabotage, linking the unprecedented attack to Iran. A key Western ally and host to the U.S. Fifth Fleet, Gulf Arab monarchy Bahrain has for years grappled with protests and sporadic violence coming from its Shi ite majority. 
Donald Trump s stunning neglect to disavow the Nazis who stormed through the streets of Charlottesville, Virginia in his name while shouting Nazi Germany era slogans prompted an African-American CEO of a major pharmaceutical company to resign. Kenneth C. Frazier announced his resignation from Trump s American Manufacturing Council. Our country s strength stems from its diversity and the contributions made by men and women of different faiths, races, sexual orientations and political beliefs,  Frazier wrote. America s leaders must honor our fundamental values by clearly rejecting expressions of hatred, bigotry and group supremacy, which run counter to the American ideal that all people are created equal,  the CEO continued.pic.twitter.com/a1PNQZism5  Merck (@Merck) August 14, 2017Frazier said his resignation was a  matter of personal conscience  and he felt a  responsibility to take a stand against intolerance and extremism. Trump remarks in which he blamed  many sides  for the attack in which a Nazi murdered 32-year-old Heather Heyer, and injured 19 others caused a backlash.Trump responded by lashing out at Frazier on Twitter, writing,  Now that Ken Frazier of Merck Pharma has resigned from President s Manufacturing Council, he will have more time to LOWER RIPOFF DRUG PRICES! Now that Ken Frazier of Merck Pharma has resigned from President's Manufacturing Council,he will have more time to LOWER RIPOFF DRUG PRICES!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 14, 2017That didn t go down well on Twitter.His vague "Violence on MANY sides" WAS seen by them as approval.(From #NeoNazi paper The Daily Stormer)#RealNews ? https://t.co/nWj67BHMmP pic.twitter.com/6pRpR0YR37  Alexander Hamilton (@AHamiltonSpirit) August 14, 2017Trump has surrounded himself with the Alt-Right.We are NOT exaggerating. His Deputy Asst .@SebGorka. is LITERALLY a NAZICheck out his cool Nazi threads from Hungary#FireGorka #FireBannon pic.twitter.com/CR4ed9YTTy  Alexander Hamilton (@AHamiltonSpirit) August 14, 2017Trump did not disavow his Nazi supporters, but he did attack this guy.Trump had no harsh words for nazis and klansmen over the weekend, but he just rage tweeted this African American CEO  _( )_/  pic.twitter.com/QBUp1eseIf  Robert Maguire (@RobertMaguire_) August 14, 2017Trump would rather attack a principled black man who was formerly on his own team than condemn white supremacy.  Adam Best (@adamcbest) August 14, 2017Trump cannot disavow Nazis because they elevated him to the White House.Way to go, Mr. Big Pharma guy. Wait, did I just type that out loud? It s remarkable that someone who is with Big Pharma has more principles that our so-called president. That speaks volumes. Anything Trump says now about the Charlottesville attack is moot since it s been days since the young lady was murdered and he just CAN T find it in himself to call out the group responsible   because they are his people. Trump was supported by white supremacist groups accross the board during his campaign.Photo by Ron Sachs   Pool/Getty Images.
21st Century Wire says Our weekly documentary film curated by our editorial team at 21WIRE The 1995 bombing of the Alfred P. Murrah Federal Building in Oklahoma City was an event that shook the United States domestic scene. Up to that date, it was the largest act of  domestic terrorism  in America, killing some 168 people including nineteen children. However, many have questioned the government s official account of events. A Noble Lie re-investigates the bombing and re-examines the event s alleged perpetrators, as well as other unlikely role player on the periphery. What this film reveals may shock many viewers who thought they knew what happened that day, exposing information never before examined or brought to the attention of the American public. Watch:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vHDIhxeMOcI . Run time: 2 hours Director: James Lane Writers: Wendy Painting, Holland Vandennieuwenhof Production: Free Mind FilmsSEE MORE SUNDAY SCREENINGS HERESUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @ 21WIRE.TV
NEW YORK (Reuters) - Lawyers for Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump asked the California federal judge he attacked last week as biased based on his Mexican heritage to end the Trump University fraud class action currently scheduled to go on trial in November.  In filings late on Friday, Trump’s lawyers argued the case should not continue as a class action including all students who took the classes in California, New York and Florida. The lawyers claimed the students’ cases were too dissimilar to be heard as a class because they were exposed to different marketing and advertisements and were told different things by Trump University employees. San Diego U.S. District Court Judge Gonzalo P. Curiel is overseeing two class action lawsuits over Trump University. Last week, the presidential candidate said Curiel had treated him unfairly because he was a Mexican opposed to Trump’s proposal to build a wall along the U.S. border with Mexico. The judge was born in Indiana to Mexican parents. Trump’s lawyers on Friday sought permission from Judge Curiel to renew an earlier motion to decertify the class. The judge previously ruled the case could proceed as a class action on the issue of liability, though each student would have to prove damages separately. In April, Trump’s lawyers also filed a motion to decertify the class in the other California case. The judge has not yet ruled on that motion. If the judge were to decertify the classes, former Trump University students would have to bring individual lawsuits.  Trump and his for-profit real estate seminars have been accused of bilking students who paid as much as $35,000 for an opportunity to learn the businessman’s real estate investment strategies. The students claim they were defrauded, including by false claims that he had handpicked instructors to teach them his secrets.  “Given TU students’ radically different experiences, plaintiffs cannot show that TU students were exposed to the same ‘core’ misrepresentations,” Daniel Petrocelli, a lawyer for Trump, wrote in Friday’s filing.  Lawyers for the plaintiffs declined to comment on the filing. 
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Barack Obama in an opinion piece published in the Washington Post on Monday announced that he is banning solitary confinement for juveniles in federal prisons, citing concerns about its harmful psychological effects. The move comes amid a national movement demanding criminal justice reform, which was sparked by numerous high-profile police killings in recent years. In the opinion piece, Obama also said solitary confinement could no longer be used as a punishment for low-level infractions. He said the package of changes would include an expansion of treatment for mentally ill prisoners and an increase in the amount of time inmates in solitary can spend outside of their cells.  He said the changes would affect some 10,000 federal prisoners and stemmed from a review of the practice he directed the U.S. Justice Department to conduct last summer. Obama cited the story of Kalief Browder, a black 16-year-old who was arrested in 2010 and spent almost two years in solitary confinement in New York City’s Rikers Island jail before his release in 2013 and eventual suicide two years later. Solitary confinement, Obama wrote, is “increasingly overused on people such as Kalief, with heartbreaking results — which is why my administration is taking steps to address this problem.” Obama said research suggests solitary confinement has been linked to depression, alienation, withdrawal, a reduced ability to interact with others and the potential for violent behavior.  He said states that have worked to cut back their use of the technique have seen drops in assaults on staff and more prisoners engage in rehabilitation programs. Obama said he hoped the changes he has ordered in the treatment of federal prisoners would serve as a model for reforms by state and local corrections systems.  “There are as many as 100,000 people held in solitary confinement in U.S. prisons - including juveniles and people with mental illnesses,” Obama said. “As many as 25,000 inmates are serving months, even years of their sentences alone in a tiny cell, with almost no human contact.” Just last month, New York state agreed to end its “overreliance” on solitary confinement as a means to discipline inmates in its prisons, as part of a settlement to a lawsuit brought against the state by the New York Civil Liberties Union. California last September also agreed to sharply cut its use of solitary confinement as part of a sweeping settlement to a lawsuit brought by prisoners.
WASHINGTON/NEW YORK (Reuters) - The most worrying thing about James Hodgkinson, experts on violent extremism say, is how unremarkable the 66-year-old home inspector from Illinois seemed until he opened fire on Republican lawmakers as they played baseball.  Violent clashes between left-wing and right-wing groups at rallies and protests around the country have increased since the election of President Donald Trump in November.  Experts say detecting and heading off anti-government attacks from people driven by political ideology is increasingly difficult because of the abundance of partisan rancor, particularly on social media.  Hodgkinson wrote a series of strident messages against Trump and other Republicans on his Facebook account. But so have many other Americans as politics have become more polarized in recent years, particularly since the divisive 2016 presidential election campaign. None of Hodgkinson’s posts suggested he would end up opening fire at a baseball field outside Washington on Wednesday morning. He wounded a top Republican lawmaker, a Congressional aide, a lobbyist, and a Capitol police officer before being shot himself. He later died from his wounds. In one Facebook post, Hodgkinson wrote: “Trump is a Traitor. Trump Has Destroyed Our Democracy. It’s Time to Destroy Trump & Co.” However, there is no evidence so far that he was linked to any radical or violent groups. Like millions of other Americans, he supported Senator Bernie Sanders, an independent who sought the Democratic presidential nomination and condemns violence. Steve Bongardt, who worked until 2015 as an FBI special agent focusing on threat detection, said traditional counter-terrorism tools such as behavioral profiling and surveillance are less effective because so many otherwise harmless people  post virulent messages on social media.  “The problem isn’t that behavioral profiles don’t work. The problem is the utility of them, because they give us so many false positives,” said Bongardt, who now heads The Gyges Group, a security firm. Mark Pitcavage, a senior research fellow in the Anti-Defamation League’s Center on Extremism, said the intensity of  emotions on both sides of the political divide could be dangerous. “When you have people with basically mainstream opinions so worked up that they’re willing to commit acts of actual violence, it illustrates in a very stark way how divided our country is right now,” Pitcavage said. A spokesman for the Justice Department said the department is considering a possible statute to target “ideologically motivated crimes of violence” from radical groups or individuals inside the country. Jerry Boykin, executive vice president of the conservative Family Research Council, which a gunman attacked in 2012 over its opposition to same-sex marriage, said Wednesday’s shooting showed that both sides need to “tone down their rhetoric.” “This is an opportunity for a fresh start for everybody in a position of leadership, all the way up to the president,” Boykin said. Most political violence in the United States still comes from right-wing groups, according to Brian Levin, director of the Center for the Study of Hate and Extremism at California State University, San Bernardino.  However, the United States also has a history of violence from left-wing groups such as the Weather Underground, which was active in the 1970s. It then eased substantially over the past three decades but has risen again in recent years with violence at protests against globalization, police brutality and the Trump administration, Levin said. Left-wing extremists “might be the junior varsity, but they’re now on the radar screen,” he said. It is too early to say if Hodgkinson’s attack was part of a post-election trend of left-wing violence, said J.J. MacNab, a fellow specializing in anti-government extremism at George Washington University’s Center for Cyber and Homeland Security. “We are a cycle-of-violence country. It looks like we may be going into a left-wing phase now, but I’m not sure the violent right-wing is ready to shut up yet,” MacNab said. 
NC REPUBLICAN HEADQUARTERS Firebombed By The Terrorists On The LeftINDIANA REPUBLICAN OFFICE VANDALIZED:DELAWARE COUNTY, Ind.   The Delaware County Republican Party said vandals struck at their office last week.Someone threw two landscaping bricks through a window on Oct. 8. Signs for Donald Trump and Todd Young were hanging on the window at the time, according to the group s Facebook page.Officials said it would cost about $1,200 to replace the broken window and said anyone interested in helping cover the cost could donate online.This week, Delaware County Sheriff Ray Dudley said his office has received reports of campaign signs being taken from yards in the Yorktown and Mount Pleasant Township area.Dudley said the reports were being taken seriously and that removing signs without the authority to do so may be criminal conversion under Indiana s criminal code. Via: FOX59
It s no secret that world-renowned political theorist Noam Chomsky does NOT want Donald Trump in the White House, and thinks it s an absolute tragedy that the presumptive Republican nominee has even managed to get as far as he has.In an interview with Art Is Power, the author and MIT professor criticized The Donald for using  generalized anger  and his racist white supporters  fear of becoming a minority to his advantage, knowing full well that it was a strategy that would work in the polls. Chomsky also likened Trump s hateful rhetoric to Adolf Hitler as he explained Trump s formula for success: So every time Trump makes a nasty comment about whoever, his popularity goes up. Because it s based on hate, you know, hate and fear. And it s unfortunately kind of reminiscent of something unpleasant: Germany, not many years ago. Chomsky pointed out how interesting this year s presidential primaries had been   not in a good way   and used the business mogul as a prime example. He s a clown   literally, he could be in the circus. He s getting huge support from people who are angry at everything. Mostly white males. Working-class, middle-class, poor white males. And their wives and traditional families. They are furious about everything. In his analysis of Trump s campaign, Chomsky explained that all the disgraced candidate had done was tap into America s nativism. In the past, Americans had been worried about being  replaced  by Germans or Irish immigrants. All Trump did was change the words to make his racist supporters scared of Muslims and Mexican immigrants   and he did a great job fear mongering and relentlessly attacking those specific minorities to achieve his goals.You can watch Chomsky rip Trump below:Chomsky has expressed his disgust over the presidential candidate before, when he called the GOP  the most dangerous organization in human history , criticizing it for creating the kind of hostile, extremist political environment that would allow a joker like Trump to rise.Featured image via William B. Plowman and Spencer Platt / Getty Images
BOGOTA (Reuters) - Colombia s government is urgently working with Congress on a law that would lay out terms of surrender for crime gangs such as the Gulf Clan, President Juan Manuel Santos said on Thursday, after the gang declared a unilateral ceasefire. The Gulf Clan, also known as the Usuga Clan and the  Autodefensas Gaitanistas, has been accused of operating drug trafficking routes in partnership with Mexican cartels and taking part in illegal gold mining. It announced a ceasefire on Wednesday and has said its members were willing to turn themselves in. Santos, speaking at a event about the eradication of coca crops in Antioquia province, hailed the ceasefire and said a surrender of the group would be welcome, but added that security forces will not halt actions against the group.   If this organization wants to surrender to justice it s very welcome and we re working with the justice minister to put together some decrees and there s a law in Congress to facilitate the collective surrender of the Gulf Clan that we are classing as urgent,  Santos said. The president has said the government will not negotiate with the group because members are criminals and not politically motivated rebels like the now-demobilized Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia (FARC) or National Liberation Army (ELN). Defense Minister Luis Carlos Villegas, speaking at the same event, said operations against the Clan will continue.  The fact that they won t shoot is good news but if they continue to commit crimes they will be targeted,  he said.  We are not going to suspend operations or lower our guard.  
As a college student, I know first-hand how quick liberals are to attack someone for expressing a political opinion that is different from their own. This is another one of the many examples of the hate young conservatives endure for simply doing what they believe is right.A Twitter user out of Wyoming with the handle  makenna_mg  posted the pictures on Wednesday and they proceeded to go mega-viral.Makenna, a girl from Wyoming posted pictures of herself cleaning graffiti off of Trump s star and was subsequently berated for her respect for the President. I m guessing her looks were also triggering to some of the angry girlsStopped to clean @realDonaldTrump Hollywood Star. Nothing but respect for MY President. #RaisedRight pic.twitter.com/jL4sqx4rlh  Makenna (@makenna_mg) June 28, 2017Trump-haters responded by attacking her as a  dumb white b*tch  and saying they want to violently attack every  white girl  that  looks slightly like  her. Politics aside it's sad that our country criticizes and taunts a young lady who did what she thought was right. @makenna_mg I'm proud of you  Paul Miller III (@pdmiller307) June 30, 2017Mike Cernovich nailed it:Two Americas   which will you choose? pic.twitter.com/5UkmN15XOS  Mike Cernovich   (@Cernovich) July 1, 2017 
If you haven t noticed, no one associated with the Trump administration (including The Donald s mail-order bride) has any respect for people who aren t white fake Christians.Naturally, people thought it was a bit odd when Melania Trump announced she would be visiting schools to tell kids to be nicer to each other   you know, since her husband spends the majority of his time treating black people, Latino(s)s, and pretty much everyone conservatives hate en masse, like trash.Donald Trump accuses African-Americans of racism three times more than he does whites and pushes dangerous lies originating with Nazi groups about black crime rates.During her visit to Orchard Lake Middle School  in the suburbs of Detroit, Melania told kids to  make sure everyone feels included    a strange statement considering her husband s attempts to ban Muslims from entering the country, his attacks on African-Americans, and his decision to build a wall to keep Mexicans (whom he calls  rapists  and  drug dealers ) from coming into the United States. It is our responsibility to take the lead in teaching children the values of empathy and communication that are at the core of kindness, mindfulness, integrity, and leadership,  she said in a statement regarding the visit.Melania s message would be a positive one coming from anyone else, but kids aren t stupid and they know what sort of people she and her entire family are. When she sat down with some children of color, she earned a  is this idiot kidding me  look from one and some serious side-eye from two others. One child s face is not visible in the photo, but it seems pretty clear from her body s seemingly involuntary attempt to lean as far from Trump as possible that she wasn t buying Melania s sh*t either..@FLOTUS tells children it's important to treat each other with respect | @MLiveDetroit pic.twitter.com/e6aWTB2d03  Dana Afana (@DanaAfana) October 23, 2017Naturally, Americans have thoughts on how this particular meeting went:They ain't buying pic.twitter.com/w5gMQkMVgo  sage (@cagethesage) October 23, 2017The boy in the top right wants to badly read to her some @realDonaldTrump tweets  Eric J. Alves (@Eric_Alves87) October 23, 2017"Kids, it is ok for someone like me to steal a speech from @MichelleObama and play dumb and for my husband to walk in on pageant teens."  Morgan Ywain (@morganyevans) October 23, 2017Does she not understand these CHILDREN understand her husband and what he says and does They are not 2 year olds  Sandra King (@NEMOamerican201) October 23, 2017It is indeed important to treat others with respect. Like Gold Star widows, @FLOTUS pic.twitter.com/GKCfxIDtvz  Harry Coffill (@HCoffill) October 23, 2017 pic.twitter.com/Nwh359ncx7  This Is Rochelle (@RR416) October 24, 2017If one thing s for certain it s that these children showed more respect and restraint than any member of the Trump family (aside from Barron, who displayed shock and disgust when one of his father s fans yelled out that Obama should be murdered) is capable of.Remember when we had a FLOTUS kids could respect?can we have @MichelleObama back? pic.twitter.com/PZhxmUuz45  natalie (@nataliie_o) October 24, 2017Featured image via screengrab
Fired White House Communications Director Anthony Scaramucci gave up a lot for his 10-day job: his wife, who is divorcing him over his creepy obsession with Donald Trump, his future relationship with his newborn son who now knows forever that he is less important than sucking up to a fascist, his life (according to Harvard Law School s alumni registry anyway), his self-respect (if he ever had any), and finally his job itself because he was stupid enough to think he wouldn t get pushed out of the clown car.But at least he can look back over all those old embarrassing tweets he deleted for  transparency  and oops, looks like he missed one!In 2012, Scaramucci tweeted something that appears to have been directed at Barack Obama, but seems to be more relevant to his own situation. A recovery starts with a presidential pink slip,  The Mooch tweeted unironically at the time.Naturally, the Internet had quite a few collective  har hars  over this:LITERALLY A TWEET FOR EVERYTHING  Diana Cannon (@arsonistkitten) July 31, 2017He forgot to delete this one.  Brian Normoyle (@BrianNormoyle) July 31, 2017You got two pink slips in a week   employer and wife! Great job!  Jem McDowall (@NYJemM) July 31, 2017That ended well.  Prateek Sanjay (@PraticBarcelona) July 31, 2017how s it working out for you ???  Fred (@macaronibake) July 31, 2017pic.twitter.com/sDub9kK9AJ  Michael Heilemann (@Heilemann) July 31, 2017hahahahahahahahahahahahahhahahahahahahahahahahahahhahahaha (inhale) hahahahahahahahahahahhahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha!!!!  Shannon Heupel (@sjh43) July 31, 2017Annnnd like I said you were next. You got your pink slip. How does it feel to lose everything for someone who didn t give a shit about you?  Steph ?? #Resist   (@Steff1876) July 31, 2017You can t make this shit up  JJ_D (@Josey_1776) July 31, 2017well this tweet aged pretty well.  Christopher Franko (@FrankoCurrency) July 31, 2017the man is wise beyond his 10 days  Scott Robinett (@ScottRobinett1) July 31, 2017Oooo, it comes at ya fast. Doesn t it. ;)  FeysPerson (@FeysPerson) July 31, 2017Scaramucci received his  presidential pink slip  shortly following his revelation that Steve Bannon can suck his own  c*ck  (or tries to at minimum).It s unclear if his  recovery  has officially begun, but we re sure he will be enjoying the extra time he gets with his fam Oh. Wait. Scratch that.Featured image via Getty Images/screengrab
John McCain is far more qualified to comment on the NFL anthem protests than Donald Trump.After all, McCain spent over five years as a prisoner of war suffering brutal torture at the hands of his Vietnamese captors.He is a decorated military veteran who served his country and risked his life.Trump, on the other hand, dodged the Vietnam War draft several times, clearly too much of a coward to fight for America. Thousands of others died far away from home while Trump spent his daddy s money and slept around.So when it comes to choosing who we should listen to when it comes to talking about the NFL anthem protests, John McCain is the most credible.On Friday, Trump called NFL players who kneel during the anthem to protest racial injustice  sons of bitches  and called for them to be fired.Over the course of the weekend that followed and into this past Tuesday, Trump repeatedly attacked NFL players on Twitter.If NFL fans refuse to go to games until players stop disrespecting our Flag & Country, you will see change take place fast. Fire or suspend!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 24, 2017 NFL attendance and ratings are WAY DOWN. Boring games yes, but many stay away because they love our country. League should back U.S.  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 24, 2017Sports fans should never condone players that do not stand proud for their National Anthem or their Country. NFL should change policy!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 24, 2017The issue of kneeling has nothing to do with race. It is about respect for our Country, Flag and National Anthem. NFL must respect this!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 25, 2017The NFL has all sorts of rules and regulations. The only way out for them is to set a rule that you can t kneel during our National Anthem!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 26, 2017But ratings for the NFL remained extremely high, and players responded to Trump by kneeling en masse, something that had not happened prior to Trump attacking them and ordering them to stand.It should be pointed out that the government cannot force anyone to stand for the national anthem, just like the government can t force kids to say the Pledge of Allegiance. Hell, even flag-burning is protected free speech, therefore, so is kneeling.Also, players are not kneeling to disrespect the flag. They are doing so to protest racial injustice.And in one short sentence, John McCain obliterated Trump s whining. That s their right to do what they want as citizens,  McCain told TMZ when asked about the protest.Here s the video via YouTube.Let s keep in mind that Donald Trump himself has repeatedly disrespecting military veterans. During the campaign, he said that McCain is not a war hero because he got captured. Trump also insulted a Gold Star family whose son was killed while courageously saving the lives of his fellow soldiers.Silently kneeling during the national anthem is not disrespectful at all. These NFL players are shedding light on injustice in this country. An injustice that goes against everything the American flag is supposed to stand for. This protest is not about the troops or the flag as Trump claims. It s about injustice and the right to protest against it.Featured Image: Steve Pope/Getty Images
NEW YORK (Reuters) - Donald Trump gained on Hillary Clinton among American voters this week, cutting her lead nearly in half despite a string of women accusing him of unwanted sexual advances and the furor over his disputed claims that the election process is rigged, according to a Reuters/Ipsos poll released on Friday. The survey also showed that 63 percent of Americans, including a third of Republicans, believe the New York real estate mogul has committed sexual assault in the past, though the Republican presidential candidate has denied the recent accusations. Clinton, the Democratic former secretary of state, led Trump 44 percent to 40 percent, according to the Oct. 14-20 poll, a 4-point lead, with the Nov. 8 election fast approaching. That compared with 44 percent for Clinton and 37 percent for Trump in the Oct. 7-13 poll released last week. Clinton’s lead also shrank in a separate four-way poll that included alternative party candidates: 43 percent supported her, while 39 percent supported Trump, 6 percent supported Libertarian candidate Gary Johnson, and 2 percent supported Jill Stein of the Green Party. Support for Clinton had been mostly rising in the seven-day tracking poll since the last week of August, when the candidates were about tied. The latest reading showed that Trump’s deficit narrowed to what it was before a video surfaced on Oct. 7 featuring him bragging about groping and kissing women. Several women have since accused him of making unwanted sexual advances in separate incidents from the early 1980s to 2007. Trump has denied the allegations, calling them “totally and absolutely false.” The latest poll included a separate series of questions that asked people what they thought of Trump’s conduct around women. It found 63 percent of American adults, including 34 percent of likely Republican voters, agreed with the statement “I believe Donald Trump has committed sexual assault in the past.”  Reuters contacted a few of the poll respondents who said they felt that Trump had “committed sexual assault” but were still supporting his candidacy. Their answers were generally the same: Whatever Trump did with women in the past is less important to them than what he may do as president. “I’m embarrassed that our country can’t come up with better candidates, to be honest with you,” said Evelyn Brendemuhl, 83, of Hope, North Dakota. But “he’ll appoint more conservative judges, and she’s (Clinton) pro-abortion, and I’m not for that.” Gary Taylor, 59, a Republican from Colorado said his support stemmed mostly from a desire to see “something different than the last eight years” in the White House. The Reuters/Ipsos poll was conducted online in English in all 50 states. It included 1,640 people who were considered likely voters, given their voting history, registration status and stated intention to vote. It has a credibility interval, a measure of accuracy, of 3 percentage points, meaning results could vary by that much either way. The poll questions on Trump’s unwanted sexual advances scandal were asked of 1,915 American adults, including 546 likely Republican voters. It had a credibility interval of 3 percentage points for all adults and 5 points for Republican voters. 
Because nothing in this world makes sense anymore, while Donald Trump meets with people who may or may not fill his future cabinet roles in his administration, the president-elect also took time to meet with Kanye West. You know, because why not, right?Here s the dynamic duo in the lobby of Trump Tower in New York City:NEW YORK, NY   DECEMBER 13: (L to R) President-elect Donald Trump and Kanye West stand together in the lobby at Trump Tower, December 13, 2016 in New York City. (Photo by Drew Angerer/Getty Images)Well, not being able to let that moment come and go without comment, the brilliant and clearly hilarious singer Josh Groban tweets out: Word is Kanye and Trump have been in the lab co-writing some ?tweets. Apple is even considering making a larger, signature caps lock. Word is Kanye and Trump have been in the lab co-writing some ?tweets. Apple is even considering making a larger, signature caps lock.  josh groban (@joshgroban) December 13, 2016You see, both Kanye West and Donald Trump are tweet happy and, well, do so not always in the sanest of ways.Now, if you want to be mortified, check out West s tweets following the meeting with Trump:I feel it is important to have a direct line of communication with our future President if we truly want change.  KANYE WEST (@kanyewest) December 13, 2016Scarier yet, the insinuation that he ll be running himself in 2024, you know, to give Trump two terms. And really, at this point, why not? It seems we really don t give a damn who runs the nation anymore.#2024  KANYE WEST (@kanyewest) December 13, 2016Now, all of this could be rather hilarious if it wasn t remarkably terrifying making the entirety of the sane world want to curl into a fetal position and cry themselves to sleep.However, thank you, Josh Grobin, for some much needed levity.Featured Photo by Neilson Barnard/Getty Images   Twitter
Police in Portland just moved from watching a May Day demonstration to calling this a riot:Glass bottles and cans are being thrown at police officers and rioters are literally destroying Portland Antifa is officially out of control Arrests are being made and noise grenades were set off by Portland police Cop cars have been destroyed and firemen are all over the city putting out fires set by the Antifa thugs A @PortlandPolice car's window smashed by rioters pic.twitter.com/B5HMiRWCwn  Andrew Dymburt (@DymburtNews) May 2, 2017Thanks to brave citizen journalists like Mike Bivins, we can see the reality of what s happening in Portand This was happening in Paris earlier today so this time it s America s reality check. Don t think this won t eventually head your way.Law and order needs to rule the day Numerous people have been arrested so let s hope this simmers down now Riot Cops rush in and fire fighter paramedics put out the fire. Can't tell if arrests made. #MayDayPDX #mayday2017 pic.twitter.com/HiUVkNfk7z  Mike Bivins (@itsmikebivins) May 1, 2017TARGET DIDN T EVEN ESCAPE DAMAGE   WHY DO THIS?More damage. This to the Target downtown. Witnesses say rioters smashed the windows and threw flares into the store pic.twitter.com/seYRtNVZPL  Andrew Dymburt (@DymburtNews) May 2, 2017Riot in the Park Blocks! Glass bottle thrown at police. #maydaypdx #mayday2017 pic.twitter.com/zZUCQeVT3M  Mike Bivins (@itsmikebivins) May 2, 2017Group is leveling the pearl. I'm in shock. #TrumpRiot pic.twitter.com/smLgvEoRQ5  Mike Bivins (@itsmikebivins) November 11, 2016Arrestees about to be packed into police van at the #maydaypdx riot. #mayday2017 pic.twitter.com/9ImHQreI1A  Mike Bivins (@itsmikebivins) May 2, 2017Police swoop in for arrests. I missed the hard takedowns. Finger slipped   pic.twitter.com/fYeNmipk3Y  Mike Bivins (@itsmikebivins) May 2, 2017YOU CAN T SAY ANY OF THIS IS A SURPRISE:#MayDayPDX is around the corner! 2 weeks till then. #MayDay2017 #MayDayStrike #Oregon #OPDX #QuaniceHayes #PDX Retweet flyer please! Thx. pic.twitter.com/KqZuWqALOk  Dax (@AnonDCC) April 17, 2017
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Obama administration does not plan any announcement on Tuesday on a nominee for the Supreme Court, the White House said. President Barack Obama has said he plans to soon present a nominee to fill the vacancy on the high court left by the Feb. 13 death of conservative Justice Antonin Scalia, despite a stated refusal by Republican leaders in the Senate to consider any nominee during Obama’s final term. Spokesman Josh Earnest was responding to a question at a regular White House briefing. 
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A Republican-controlled oversight committee in the U.S. House of Representatives announced on Monday that it will consider a measure censuring the head of the Internal Revenue Service on allegations related to scrutiny of conservative groups. IRS Commissioner John Koskinen, who is already facing a Republican-led impeachment effort, would be condemned for conduct inconsistent with “trust and confidence” under a measure due to come before the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee on Wednesday. Republicans, including the committee chairman, Jason Chaffetz of Utah, allege that Koskinen failed to comply with a House subpoena as lawmakers sought evidence that the agency targeted Tea Party groups for extra scrutiny. IRS actions came to light in early 2013, months before Koskinen arrived at the agency.  IRS officials had no immediate comment. Koskinen has denied any wrongdoing. Representative Elijah Cummings of Maryland, the oversight committee’s top Democrat, accused Republicans of leap-frogging over the House Judiciary Committee, which is holding its own hearings to determine whether Koskinen committed any wrongdoing. Cummings said government investigators have found no evidence that the IRS targeted conservative groups or that Koskinen obstructed the House investigation. The proposed censure legislation urges Koskinen’s removal from office and would require him to forfeit his pension and other federal benefits. Committee approval would send it to the floor for a vote by the full House.  Legal experts say a congressional censure would not pass constitutional muster if it imposed any penalty.   
DUBAI (Reuters) - Yemen s Houthi leader Abdel-Malek al-Houthi said on Thursday his group could target Saudi oil tankers should Saudi Arabia attack Yemen s main port at Hodeidah.   We could target Saudi oil tankers and we could do anything,  he said.  In a televised speech, the leader also said his group s ballistic missiles were capable of reaching the United Arab Emirates  capital of Abu Dhabi and anywhere inside Saudi Arabia.  It was unclear whether the Houthi group has the capability to carry out its threats. Abdel Malek said the Houthis had successfully fired a missile at Abu Dhabi earlier this month, meaning the United Arab Emirates was no longer safe from attack. He gave no further details and there has been no indication by the UAE of any missiles landing on their territory.  UAE Minister of State for Foreign Affairs Anwar Gargash said on Twitter his country was not intimidated by Houthi threats.  The Houthis  comments threatening the UAE and its capital are tangible proof of the need for the Decisive Storm (operation),  Gargash said, referring to the Saudi-led coalition intervening in Yemen.  Iran s militias have vile objectives and represent a real threat,  he added. Yemen has been devastated by more than two years of civil war in which President Abd Rabu Hadi s government, backed by the coalition, is fighting to drive the Iran-allied Houthis out of cities they seized in 2014 and 2015 in a rapid rise to national power.  Today the port of Hodeidah is being threatened and we cannot turn a blind eye to that,  Abdel-Malek said.   If the Saudi regime and with a green light from the U.S. attack Hodeidah then we have to take steps that we haven t taken before.   The United Nations had proposed that the Red Sea port of Hodeidah, where 80 percent of food imports arrive, should be handed to a neutral party, to smooth the flow of humanitarian relief and prevent the port being engulfed by Yemen s two-year-old war. The government of President Abd-Rabbu Mansour Hadi accuses the Houthis of using the port to smuggle in weapons and of collecting custom duties on goods, which they use to finance the war. The Houthis deny this. 
SAO PAULO (Reuters) - Brazilian President Michel Temer said on Friday that the pension reform bill that is  indispensable  to reduce the nation s budget deficit must be voted on this year in the lower house of Congress before the 2018 election year. Speaking at a chemical industry event, Temer appealed to businessmen to lobby Congress for approval of the unpopular  pension overhaul that is seen by investors as crucial to restoring Brazil s fiscal health.     Rodrigo Maia, the speaker of the lower house, said this week he would not put the bill to the vote until the government had secured the 308 votes the measure will need for passage. To allow more time for negotiations with reluctant lawmakers, Temer agreed with congressional leaders on Thursday to delay the lower house vote on the bill until the week of Dec. 18, the last before the Christmas recess. Once it clears the lower chamber, Temer expects the legislation to be voted on in the Senate in February.  Reform of the pension system is indispensable. It will allow Brazil to move forward,  Temer said.  But this must be the work of all of us. We need to show that we support this bill.  Temer acknowledged that lawmakers facing re-election next October had legitimate concerns about supporting the bill. The reform proposal seeks to increase the age at which Brazilians can retire and collect social security. It would also make pension payouts in Brazil, among the most generous in the world, more modest. If a vote is further delayed until next year, its chances of approval will be limited as lawmakers become more sensitive to the demands of voters when the election campaign gets underway. 
Is our Community Organizer In Chief being tested by Putin?The air is frigid and the wind is howling as Air Force Col. Frank Flores lifts a pair of foot-long binoculars and studies a hazy dot about 50 miles west across the Bering Strait. That s the mainland there,  he shouts above the gusts.It s Siberia, part of Russia, on the Asian mainland.Named for an old mining camp, Tin City is a tiny Air Force installation atop an ice-shrouded coastal mountain 50 miles below the Arctic Circle, far from any road or even trees. The Pentagon took over the remote site decades ago and built a long-range radar station to help detect a surprise attack from the Soviet Union.At least from this frozen perch, America s closest point to Vladimir Putin s Russia, the Cold War is turning warm again.U.S. F-22 fighter jets scrambled about 10 times last year   twice as often as in 2013   to monitor and photograph Russian Tu-95  Bear  bombers and MiG-31 fighter jets that flew over the Bering Sea without communicating with U.S. air controllers or turning on radio transponders, which emit identifying signals.The Russian flights are in international airspace, and it s unclear whether they are testing U.S. defenses, patrolling the area or simply projecting a newly assertive Moscow s global power. They re obviously messaging us,  said Flores, a former Olympic swimmer who is in charge of Tin City and 14 other radar stations scattered along the vast Alaskan coast.  We still don t know their intent. U.S. officials view the bombers   which have been detected as far south as 50 miles off California s northern coast   as deliberately provocative. They are a sign of the deteriorating ties between Moscow and the West since Russia s annexation of Ukraine s Crimea region in March of last year and its military intervention to support separatists in eastern Ukraine.Similar Russian flights in Europe have irked leaders in Britain, Ireland, Sweden, Norway and elsewhere. In January, British authorities were forced to reroute commercial aircraft after Russian bombers flew over the English Channel with their transponders off.In all, the North Atlantic Treaty Organization says its jets scrambled to monitor Russian warplanes around Europe more than 100 times last year, about three times as many as in 2013. Russian air patrols outside its borders were at their highest level since the Soviet Union collapsed in 1991, NATO said.Russian Defense Minister Sergei Shoigu said in a statement in November, as tensions heightened over Ukraine, that Russia s strategic bombers would resume patrols in both the Atlantic and the Pacific. In the current situation we have to maintain military presence in the western Atlantic and eastern Pacific, as well as the Caribbean and the Gulf of Mexico,  he said.Although the Arctic draws less attention, Russia is flexing muscles there after years of decline. President Vladimir Putin s government has announced plans to reopen 10 former Soviet-era military bases, including 14 airfields, that were shuttered along the Arctic seaboard after the Cold War.A shipyard in Severodvinsk, the largest city on the Russian Arctic Coast, has begun building four nuclear-powered submarines for the first time in decades, according to Russian news reports. The Pentagon says the reports are accurate.The Pentagon has responded by spending $126 million last year to upgrade Tin City and other coastal radar stations in Alaska. It also has added military exercises with northern allies   including flying U.S. strategic bombers over the Arctic for the first time since 2011.Last week, four B-52s flew from bases in Nebraska and Louisiana on simultaneous, round-trip sorties to the Arctic and North Sea regions, the Air Force announced. Along the way, the bomber crews engaged in  air intercept maneuvers  with fighter jets from Canada, England and the Netherlands.The Air Force has said it may base the first squadrons of next-generation F-35 fighter jets at Eielson Air Force Base in Alaska starting next year.The buildup comes as melting ice caps are opening valuable new sea lanes, sparking a scramble for oil and other untapped natural resources by the eight nations with territorial or maritime claims in the far north. We re experiencing a reawakening of the strategic importance of the Arctic,  said Navy Adm. William E. Gortney, commander of the Pentagon s Northern Command and of the North American Aerospace Defense Command. Is this a second Cold War? It doesn t matter what we think,  Gortney said.  Maybe they think the Cold War never ended. Via: LA Times
BEIJING (Reuters) - Chinese academics are publicly broaching the idea that China and the United States should share plans on how to deal with a  potential conflict on the Korean Peninsula, a sign some say of how North Korea s weapons test may be making Beijing more open to the once taboo subject. Chinese officials have rebuffed top U.S. military brass for years in their efforts to share contingencies for war or regime collapse in Pyongyang, suspicious over Washington s intentions and fearful that such engagement could further alienate North Korea, their once steadfast wartime ally. Jia Qingguo, the dean of the School of International Studies at China s elite Peking University and a respected advisor to Chinese leaders, said in an article this week that with the chances of war increasing daily, it might be time for China to  prepare for the worst .  When war becomes a real possibility, China must be prepared. And, with this in mind, China must be more willing to consider talks with concerned countries on contingency plans,  Jia wrote in an article first published on the online East Asia Forum run out of Australian National University. Given recent developments,  Beijing may have no better choice than to start talking with Washington and Seoul , Jia said. Ties between China and North Korea have deteriorated sharply in recent years, to the point some diplomats and experts fear Beijing may become, like Washington, a target of its neighbor s ire. Jia s comments, at the forefront of what is still a sensitive debate in China, were made before North Korea on Friday fired a missile that flew over Japan s northern Hokkaido far out into the Pacific Ocean.  That test came after the U.N. Security Council s latest round of sanctions on Monday banning North Korea s textile exports and capping fuel supplies in response to Pyongyang s accelerated effort to target the United States with a powerful, nuclear-tipped missile. Xie Tao, associate dean at the School of English and International Studies at Beijing Foreign Studies University, said Chinese academics in years past would typically only express their opinions on whether China should be sharing plans with Washington behind closed doors.  Now you can get all sorts of people from the left and right and they are allowed to make their views public,  Xie told Reuters.  You could interpret that as a signal that the Chinese government is perhaps willing now to consider, if not actually join up to, contingency plans,  Xie said.  My sense is that there must be some in-depth discussion about what could potentially happen if there is a collapse or internal chaos   how Beijing and Washington should respond to this.  During a trip to China in August, Joseph Dunford, Chairman of the U.S. Joint Chiefs of Staff, attended Chinese military drills at China s Northern Theater Command in the city of Shenyang, which covers China s border with North Korea.  Some analysts perceived that as China opening a crack in the door to its own preparations, but neither side are showing their cards to the public. Dunford said in Beijing during that visit that despite Washington s urgings the  conditions aren t set for such a detailed conversation  between the two militaries.  U.S. military officials have privately voiced frustration that previous channels established for direct military communications line are essentially unstaffed on the Chinese side. Dunford said creating a round-the-clock  responsive  communications link that could be used in a crisis was a top priority for military ties.  For a graphic on North Korea's missile and nuclear tests, click: here 
Let s play a fun game called,  What the hell did Nancy just say? Every time Nancy opens her mouth, she proves that President Trump s election has caused her and her dingbat counterpart Rep. Maxine Waters to become completely unhinged.Here is the transcript from Nancy Pelosi s most recent appearance at the Peter G. Peterson Foundation s 2017 Fiscal Summit. Can someone please tell us exactly what Nancy is trying to say here? Talk about Russia s undermining our elections. They did it. Thisss .isss (mumble, mumble) isn t any question. They hacked, they leaked, they disrupted. The question is, was there collusion between the (mumble) campaign and the next. You can t know until you have the full-fledged (mumble mumble). To have a President say to the. If he did. To the uh director of the FBI or the DNI, the Director of National Intelligence, or the NRA .person that um uh that that uh that they should uh not go forward uh it raises questions that uh needs to be answered in a facts and law way and not a hearsay Watch:As if Nancy s ridiculous NRA slip wasn t bad enough, she goes on to clarify why she is uniquely qualified to speak on such important matters as Russian collusion with the Trump campaign because of her vast experience in working with the United States intelligence community, in fact, Nancy claims she has  more  experience than  anyone  else. Too bad she doesn t even know the NRA isn t part of the intelligence community: 
Echoing statements made by Donald Trump about fences and unwanted Mexicans coming to America, Israeli prime minister Benjamin Netanyahu wants to build a fence around Israel and the Occupied Palestinian Territories in order to protect the country  from what he says are  wild beasts,  in reference to Palestinians, Arabs, and black African migrants, who the Israelis find especially scary. During a tour of the Jordan-Israel border in the south Netanyahu said: In our neighborhood, we need to protect ourselves from wild beasts. At the end of the day as I see it, there will be a fence like this one surrounding Israel in its entirety. We will surround the entire state of Israel with a fence, a barrier. He said the plan will take several years to complete and Israel will also look at ways to ensure that the Palestinians don t find ways to escape from the walls that have been built around their cities and villages in the illegally occupied West Bank and Gaza Strip. Netanyahu said: This thing costs many billions, and we re working on a multi-year plan of prioritization so it would be spread out over years in order to gradually build it, but to complete it to defend the State of Israel. His assertion to defend Israel is not the reason he s building a fence. About 85% of the wall is actually built inside the occupied Palestinian West Bank, effectively annexing and stealing 46% of the land. The wall was ruled illegal by the International Court of Justice in 2004 yet Israel has failed to dismantle it. [youtube https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UJFKL-wkQQI] Trump has also pledged to build walls along the 2,000 mile border with Mexico, a campaign pledge that has apparently caught on with Republican voters.  Trump said:  I would build a great wall, and nobody builds walls better than me, believe me, and I ll build them very inexpensively. I will build a great, great wall on our southern border. And I will have Mexico pay for that wall. Mark my words. The abrasive personality traits are striking but the plans are dangerous. We can already see what Netanyahu s policies have done to the Palestinians. He is a war criminal pure and simple. If Trump were to become president of  the most powerful country in the history of the world, the US and the rest of the world have a very bleak future.Featured Image Via Screenshot Capture
OTTAWA (Reuters) - Canada s Finance Minister Bill Morneau said on Thursday he will place his assets in a blind trust and divest all his stock in a publicly traded family business, amid opposition allegations that these holdings put him in a conflict of interest. Questions about the assets of Morneau, the multimillionaire former chief executive officer of human resources management firm Morneau Shepell, have dogged the minister and led some to question whether he would be forced to resign. His plan to adopt a blind trust follow weeks of backlash over a government attempt to reform small business taxes, which have become a major stumbling block for Prime Minister Justin Trudeau s two-year-old Liberal government. Morneau said he had initially intended to put his assets in a blind trust - as Trudeau has - but had changed his mind after consultations with the ethics watchdog. He said he had  naively  believed that following the advice of the ethics commissioner was a high enough standard.  What we ve seen over the last week is that I need to do more. As minister of finance, in this role, it s important to make sure people have absolute confidence,  he told a news conference, adding he has  about a million shares  in the company and would work with a trustee to divest his and his family s holdings. Shares of Morneau Shepell Inc fell nearly 2 percent on Thursday to C$20.63, shedding about C$21.6 million in market value.  Morneau was elected in 2015 when the left-leaning Liberals were vaulted to a surprise majority under Trudeau, becoming one of the many rookie ministers in Trudeau s cabinet. In a heated session of parliament after the news conference, opposition politicians said Morneau s 2016 legislation on pension reform increased the profits of Morneau Shepell.  The finance minister and his company, Morneau Shepell, have benefited from the minister s actions,  said Conservative member of parliament Maxime Bernier. Morneau said he had been pulled out of government meetings at least twice since becoming finance minister to guard against conflicts of interest between policy decisions and his company.  I don t know the total number of times, but I can remember at least two times being taken out of meetings because of that conflict-of-interest screen, I believe. Of course I don t know what happened in those meetings,  he said. Separately, Morneau said the government s autumn fiscal update will be released on Oct. 24. 
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S.-led coalition fighting Islamic State said on Friday its surveillance aircraft had moved away from an Islamic State convoy which has been trying to reach territory in east Syria. The Islamic State convoy has split in two, with 11 buses remaining in the open desert after others turned back into government-held areas. The Syrian government and Lebanon s Hezbollah group offered the convoy of originally about 300 lightly armed Islamic State fighters and about 300 family members safe passage in return for the militant group surrendering an enclave on the Syria-Lebanon border. However, the coalition has blocked the convoy from entering Islamic State territory in east Syria, near the border with Iraq, by cratering roads and destroying bridges.  To ensure safe de-confliction of efforts to defeat ISIS, coalition surveillance aircraft departed the adjacent airspace at the request of Russian officials during their assault on Dawyr Az Zawyr,  the coalition said in the Friday statement, using an acronym for Islamic State. The coalition said Syrian pro-regime forces had  advanced past  the convoy.  The regime s advance past the convoy underlines continued Syrian responsibility for the buses and terrorists,  Brigadier General Jon Braga, director of operations for the coalition said. 
BOGOTA (Reuters) - Two former Colombian presidents will back a joint right-wing ticket in elections next year, they said on Friday, focusing their platform on objections to the peace deal signed with the Marxist FARC rebels. Ex-presidents Alvaro Uribe, who is now a senator with his Democratic Center party and Andres Pastrana, who leads the Conservatives, will jointly choose candidates for the presidency and vice-presidency, they said in a statement. The two men have vehemently opposed the peace deal between the government of President Juan Manuel Santos, who will leave office in August 2018, and the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia (FARC) rebels, who have demobilized and are now a political party.  We will choose one candidate for the presidency and vice-presidency, from candidates chosen by the Democratic Center and the Conservative base led by Andres Pastrana, choosing the candidate with the best chance of winning the presidency,  the statement said. The method for choosing between candidates has yet to be decided, it added. Besides changes to the peace deal, which the two men say is not harsh enough on former rebels and does not require them to pay enough for crimes including murder, kidnapping and displacement, the coalition will focus on improvements to health care and the economy. Uribe, who governed from 2002 and 2010 and managed a U.S.-backed offensive against the FARC, has yet to choose a candidate for his party. Pastrana, who himself attempted a peace process with the FARC during his 1998-2002 term, backs Conservative candidate Marta Lucia Ramirez, who also ran in 2014. Corruption scandals, which have lately touched every major political party, are also expected to be a major theme in the 2018 race.  The country s constitutional court has ruled the peace deal cannot be modified for the next 12 years. Other presidential candidates for next year include former vice-president German Vargas Lleras, former government peace negotiator Humberto de la Calle, ex-governor Sergio Fajardo and former M-19 rebel and mayor of Bogota, Gustavo Petro. 
Donald Trump s insane ways are no longer surprising but have become very predictable. He rung in the new year with yet more Trump negativity and the usual antics we ve all become accustomed to. Unabashed, like a spoiled baby that constantly gets reinforcement from the few people that actually like him, Trump went on another tantrum that he thinks will garner him yet more support. He let loose on his Republican opponent Jeb Bush and on Hillary Clinton. Take a look at his Twitter posts. First comes his rant against his Republican rival, the squirmy Jeb Bush:.@JebBush is a low energy "stiff" who should focus his special interest money on the many people ahead of him in the polls. Has no chance!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 2, 2016.@JebBush is a sad case. A total embarrassment to both himself and his family, he just announced he will continue to spend on Trump hit ads!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 2, 2016I don t know about this one. George Bush takes the cake for the biggest embarrassment, not only to his family, but to the nation. After all, he s a certified war criminal. As Americans, we have to constantly explain how we elected him once in the first place. Yes, once. His daddy helped him steal the first election.The next rant comes against former president Bill Clinton. Harking on allegations that he s a sexist, Trump immediately took the opportunity to attack Hillary by going after Bill:I hope Bill Clinton starts talking about women's issues so that voters can see what a hypocrite he is and how Hillary abused those women!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 2, 2016Low blow by Trump. After all, Bill s escapades have nothing to do with Hillary. In fact, one can argue that she s shown both class and courage in the face of her husband s alleged extra-marital affairs.Here s another attack on Hillary. This time it s against her alliance with Israel:Hillary Clinton said that it is O.K. to ban Muslims from Israel by building a WALL, but not O.K. to do so in the U.S. We must be vigilant!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 2, 2016This one is difficult to argue. The bipartisan support for anything Israel is quite disturbing. Trump is referencing Israel s illegal apartheid wall that has made islands of Palestinian towns and villages, cutting them off from each other and creating a situation in the West Bank that South African anti-apartheid activist Desmond Tutu has said is worse than anything he witnessed under the white regime that exploited blacks for decades. We know how that system crashed, so the hope is that Hillary can change her ways and be on the side of justice and help end Israel s crazy experiment. Former president Jimmy Carter even wrote a book about Israel s insanity.However, Trump gets no credit for this tweet since he s advocating a similar approach for Muslims in the United States and he s arguing that Hillary is a hypocrite since she supports walling the Palestinians, the majority of whom are Muslims (a large Christian Palestinian population including Bethlehem is walled as well).Donald Trump has received lots attention not only from his supporters but from those opposed to his stances. He s an expert at generating attention by entertaining people. But, just like a long running sitcom that slowly yet surely fades, many people are looking forward to the day when Trump is canceled.Featured image via Gage Skidmore
HONG KONG (Reuters) - Authorities in the Chinese territory of Macau have ramped up security measures following the deadly Las Vegas shooting this month and unveiled plans for a series of mock attacks and crisis training to safeguard the world s largest gambling hub. The new recommendations were laid out in a government statement following a meeting on Monday between Macau s gaming regulator, the Judiciary Police and representatives from the six licensed casino operators which include Wynn Macau and Sands China. The former Portuguese colony of Macau had seen heady gang violence and bombings until China took control in 1999. Since the handover, booming casino revenues have propelled the tiny enclave of 600,000 people to one of the world s richest cities. Macau had a relatively lower risk of attack, said Chau Wai Kuong, director of Macau s Judiciary Police, although he cautioned the special administrative region must be vigilant. The Las Vegas attack on October 1 was the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history after gunman Stephen Paddock opened fire from his hotel room on more than 20,000 concertgoers at an outdoor venue. A total of 59 people were killed, including Paddock who shot himself.  A simulation of attacks should be conducted in the short term ... so that the frontline workers of casinos are more skilled in handling emergency incidents,  the statement from Macau authorities said. Other measures included setting up a special action team with protective equipment and additional physical training for frontline staff to help reduce any casualties in any potential situations before police arrive.  Casinos will also install metal detectors at all entrances and place a ban on luggage on the casino floors. Operators also need to train their employees to identify suspicious people and increase overall security procedures.  Paulo Martins Chan, the head of Macau s gaming regulator, said all operators had purchased permanent metal detectors which would help to reduce and dispel criminals. Macau s casino operators Wynn Macau, Sands China, MGM China, Melco Crown, SJM and Galaxy Entertainment had already been on alert following an attack in June at a Manila casino where a lone gunman started a blaze that killed more than 30 people.  
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump said on Thursday he was in favor of a strong Europe, as France gears up for an election where European unity is a key issue and Britain negotiates its departure from the European Union. “Yes, a strong Europe is very, very important to me as president of the United States and it’s also ... important for the United States, we want to see it, we will help it be strong, and it’s very much to everybody’s advantage,” Trump said at a joint news conference with Italian Prime Minister Paolo Gentiloni. 
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. State Department on Saturday moved to begin admitting refugees, including Syrians, as soon as Monday after a federal judge on Friday blocked a Trump administration temporary ban on refugee admissions.An email from the State Department’s refugee office reviewed by Reuters Saturday said the U.S. government is working with its legal team and interagency and overseas partners to comply with the ruling. Trump’s Jan. 27 executive order had suspended refugee admissions for 120 days and indefinitely barred Syrian refugees but U.S. Judge James Robart in Seattle on Friday blocked the president’s order. A U.S. State Department official told Reuters on Saturday that officials “expect some refugees to arrive Monday.” The U.S. instructed the International Organization for Migration “to rebook refugees of all nationalities, including Syrians, who were” to schedule to arrive since the Trump’s order was signed, the email said. “We are focusing on booking refugee travel through February 17. We are asking that arrivals resume this Monday, the first normal travel day of the week, if possible.  We are aware that some refugees may not be ready to depart on short notice,” the email said. A United Nations spokesman, Leonard Doyle, told the New York Times about 2,000 refugees were ready to travel. Refugees do not usually enter on weekends, a U.S. official said, as the department hews to a strict set of rules on how their admissions are processed.  Other travelers from seven Muslim majority countries affected by President Donald Trump’s week-old curb on immigration can rework their flights after the judge’s order, as long as they have valid visas.  Refugees fleeing war, hunger and persecution have less autonomy. Advocates working on their behalf urged the government to move quickly on admitting them.       International Refugee Assistance Project Director Becca Heller called for “the instant resumption of the U.S. Refugee Admissions Program to immediately take the most vulnerable refugees out of harm’s way.” During the week of the ban, the government admitted 843 refugees - but no Syrian refugees, government figures show. Officials previously told Reuters that they were “in transit” and had already been cleared for resettlement before the ban took effect. For refugee families, they are trying to keep expectations in check and hope they do not end up back where they started.  Ayham Oubeid, a Syrian living in Cleveland, has been waiting for over a year for his brother George’s family to come to the United States as refugees. His brother, who has health issues, is living in Dubai on a work visa that covers him, his six-year-old daughter and five-months pregnant wife. George left his job and moved the family out of their apartment when he was told they would be resettled in the United States on Feb. 13. But the family’s plane tickets were canceled when Trump announced the temporary ban. Without George’s job, the family could lose the work visa and be sent back to Syria in the midst of its deadly civil war. Upon hearing of the judge’s ruling from Friday, Oubeid called George. He was careful not to be too hopeful, knowing the judge’s order could be overturned. “I don’t want to get excited. I don’t want my brother to get excited. Because it was hard for him when he lost everything and was told he couldn’t come,” Oubeid said. 
When House Democrats staged a 26-hour sit-in to protest the House s refusal to take up anything having to do with gun legislation, most people probably didn t expect the GOP to throw a tantrum, and then take their balls and go home. However, after the humiliation of the latest fruitless Benghazi panel, you d think that they d be a little more skittish about launching more investigations that are politically motivated. You d be wrong. They re about to do it again.House GOP leaders are looking at launching a frivolous investigation, this time into the House Democrats who were involved in last month s sit-in, to determine whether they should be punished for it. Republicans just can t get past the idea that something is only American, is only patriotic, if they agree with it. Very little is more patriotic than civil disobedience, and that s what the sit-in was.Republicans weren t so quick to jump to investigating Ted Cruz when he and a small cadre of Senate members shut down the entire government for 16 days because of Obamacare, or that Tea Partiers have disrupted other business in both the House and the Senate. They and their minions will say that s because Cruz & Co., and every other Republican, didn t break any rules, and House Democrats did.But at least the Democrats didn t bring the entire government to a standstill. It s only when Democrats disrupt Congress that it s a problem.House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy even said: Members of Congress (need) to adhere to the rules and the decorum of what is expected of being on the floor. What an odd interest in adhering to the rules all of a sudden. This is the GOP that s been having all sorts of fun passing closed rules to block amendments. In fact, they broke the record for the most closed rules in Congress. While the party in power can change the rules and make rules all they want (or, at least, that s how that power seems to be used), the House GOP has never shown any interest in actually doing things the right way.McCarthy believes that this isn t what democracy should look like, and claimed he d never seen such blatant flouting of the rules. Oh, please. What absolute bullshit.Nevertheless, they re looking into whether Democrats intimidated the floor staff to break decorum rules so they could engage in a purely political stunt, the purpose of which was to  line their coffers with campaign cash.  Those are ridiculous allegations on their face. Like Hillary Clinton can t possibly be innocent in Benghazi, House Democrats can t possibly have actually done this to try and spur movement on gun legislation.Because that would make the GOP look worse than they already do.Because they can t have this black mark on their record in an election year.Because admitting a mistake and making good-faith efforts to fix it and move forward just aren t the GOP s style.Because the GOP is more about political stunts these days than actually working for the people.That s what Benghazi is for them   a political stunt intended to try and polish an image that s so badly tarnished it s permanently black.Democrats, and the public in general, are sick to death of Congress refusing to do anything anything at all about gun violence in this country. They don t even want to fund research into gun violence as a public health issue because they believe all such research will be politically biased against guns and gun owners. The GOP is too far up the NRA s ass now to be saved.It s a shame Republicans can t see past their own haughty, disgustingly dark brown noses with the NRA brands on them. They might actually have a chance to remain politically relevant if they d stop with the stunts, plus they d actually be working for the people! Imagine that!Featured image by T.J. Kirkpatrick/Getty Images
ATHENS (Reuters) - Refugees and migrants in Greece receive little or no medical care for most health problems they face and fewer than half of those pregnant had access to maternal care, aid group Doctors of the World said on Tuesday. About 60,000 migrants and refugees are stranded in Greece, most in overcrowded camps with unsanitary conditions. More than half of this year s 20,000 arrivals were women and children, United Nations data shows.  Doctors of the World interviewed over 14,000 women treated at its clinics in Greece over three years and found fewer than 47 percent had access to antenatal care before it intervened. It also found as many as 72 percent of the health problems refugees faced were treated  inadequately  or not at all.   While most countries offer new arrivals some kind of medical screening, the quality was  questionable  and overlooked mental health problems, the charity said. Often, women did not seek medical care because they were unaware of their rights, they found the healthcare system too complex or they were afraid of being arrested or discriminated against. Limited resources and lack of access to services such as translators also posed practical obstacles.  Every mother deserves good care before, during and post pregnancy. Their residential status should not affect this basic right,  said Nikitas Kanakis, head of Doctors of the World Greece. The charity, together with healthcare company MSD, known in the United States as Merck, is implementing a two-year initiative aimed at providing maternal healthcare services to pregnant women and babies from vulnerable populations in Greece. Asylum seekers in Greece have free access to hospitals and medical care but the public health system, already battered by years of economic crisis, is struggling to cope with the numbers.  Adult migrants without documents only have access to emergency care unless they are considered  vulnerable .  Access to quality maternal healthcare can save lives, yet across Europe the most vulnerable pregnant women are still facing challenges in accessing this basic care,  said Mary-Ann Etiebet, director of MSD for Mothers.  A lack of antenatal care to prevent and identify conditions that may harm the fetus or mother increases the risk of complications during childbirth or passing on diseases such as HIV or Hepatitis B, the World Health Organisation says.  We must work together this address this issue before it escalates further,  Etiebet said. (The story is refiled to clarify MSD name in paragraph 8) 
CAIRO (Reuters) - Egyptian security forces killed 13 militants during a raid on a farm hideout in the western desert region on Friday, a week after a deadly attack on a police convoy, authorities said. An Interior Ministry statement gave no details on the militants, but Egyptian forces have been battling several armed Islamist groups, mostly focused on an entrenched Islamic State affiliate that has killed hundreds of police officers and troops in the northern Sinai Peninsula since 2013.  They took a house in the farm as a temporary hideout faraway from security monitoring to receive newly recruited elements and train them and prepare the explosive devices,  the ministry statement said. The clashes were in an area near the Assuit-Kharga desert highway, around 400 km (248.55 miles) southwest of Cairo, in New Valley province that shares a long border with neighboring southern Libya. Southern Libya has become a hideout for militant brigades taking advantage of the security vacuum there.  After clashes with the militants, the ministry said 13 bodies were recovered at the farm, some wearing militant uniforms. Security forces also recovered weapons, suicide bomb belts, cash and ammunition.    The statement did not say whether the group was linked to the militants who attacked police last week in a remote area of Giza governorate, 135 km outside Cairo, when sources say they were searching for a militant hideout.  Security forces dealt a severe blow to the terrorist elements in revenge for the blood of the men who were martyred last week in the oasis,  the state news agency MENA said earlier, citing a high-level security source. Most of Egypt s violence is centered in the northern Sinai, where a local group, Ansar Bait al-Maqdis, pledged allegiance to Islamic State in 2014. It had mostly targeted security forces with ambushes and suicide attacks, but has spread to other areas of Egypt outside the peninsula. The western desert region has long been for a route for smugglers and arms coming across Libya s porous border. The Egyptian military said on Monday its air force hit eight four-wheel-drive vehicles carrying arms and explosives at the western border with Libya, killing the militants on board. 
(Reuters) - A divided federal appeals court on Tuesday gave the U.S. Department of Justice broad leeway to police password theft under a 1984 anti-hacking law, upholding the conviction of a former Korn/Ferry International executive for stealing confidential client data. The 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in San Francisco said David Nosal violated the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act in 2005 when he and two friends, who had also left Korn/Ferry, used an employee’s password to access the recruiting firm’s computers and obtain information to help start a new firm. Writing for a 2-1 majority, Circuit Judge Margaret McKeown said Nosal acted “without authorization” even though the employee, his former secretary, had voluntarily provided her password. The defendant had by then been working as an independent contractor for Korn/Ferry. Nosal and his friends had previously had their own log-in credentials revoked. Nosal’s case has been closely watched by digital privacy groups worried that it could make it easier to prosecute people for ordinary password sharing, such as when a husband logs into his wife’s Facebook account with her credentials and permission. “The court is criminalizing conduct that ordinary Americans do every day online,” Jamie Williams, a lawyer for the Electronic Frontier Foundation, which supported overturning Nosal’s conviction, said in an interview. Dennis Riordan, a lawyer for Nosal, said in a statement he will ask an 11-judge appeals court panel to review the decision. A spokesman for the Justice Department declined to comment. Nosal had been appealing his April 2013 jury conviction and one-year prison sentence for violating the CFAA and for trade secret theft under the Economic Espionage Act. The appeals court on Tuesday upheld Nosal’s conviction under the EEA. It also ordered a recalculation of his $827,983 of restitution to Korn/Ferry to reconsider the legal fee component. Circuit Judge Stephen Reinhardt dissented. He said the majority’s reasoning could cover the sharing of passwords to devices such as smartphones, laptops and iPads, and transform “millions of people who engage in this ubiquitous, useful, and generally harmless conduct into unwitting federal criminals.” McKeown, however, said this approach ignored reality and could enable criminals to escape prosecution after they found obliging employees willing to “willy-nilly give out passwords.” The appeals court had in April 2012 dismissed other counts accusing Nosal of CFAA violations. The case is U.S. v. Nosal, 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals, No. 14-10037. 
NEW YORK (Thomson Reuters Foundation) - Thousands of people have made donations to Planned Parenthood in the name of Vice President-elect Mike Pence, an abortion opponent, so that he will receive official acknowledgements from the women’s health care provider, the group said on Tuesday. The idea of making donations in Pence’s name arose and spread on social media as a protest after Republican Donald Trump won his bid for the U.S. presidency in a surprise victory last week. Both Trump and Pence, his running mate, have pledged to curtail women’s rights to abortion. Trump said the U.S. Supreme Court ruling Roe v Wade legalizing abortion should be overturned and that he would appoint an anti-abortion justice to the nation’s highest court.  Trump also said women who had abortions should be punished but later said it was doctors who perform abortions who should be punished. Pence, whose home state of Indiana has restrictive laws regulating access to abortion, has pushed for Congress to defund the nonprofit Planned Parenthood, which performs some abortions. A number of celebrities have publicized the donation campaign in Pence’s name with posts on social media, including Emmy Award-winning comedian Amy Schumer and actresses Ashley Hinshaw, Jaime Perry and Amber Tamblyn. They said their donations to Planned Parenthood included the address of Pence’s office in Indiana so it would get the acknowledgement that Planned Parenthood mails to donors. At least 20,000 people who have donated money since the U.S. election on Nov. 8 named Pence as donor, out of 160,000 people overall, a Planned Parenthood spokesman told the Thomson Reuters Foundation. Planned Parenthood has reported a surge in donations and demand for long-acting contraceptives since Trump’s election. Pence signed a law this year that would have banned abortions due to genetic abnormality, criminalized collection of fetal tissue for research, required fetal tissue be buried or cremated and made women look at their fetal ultrasounds before getting an abortion. A federal judge blocked the law in June. Pence’s office did not respond to a request for comment. Planned Parenthood, which has more than 650 health centers nationwide, relies on public funding for about 40 percent of its funding. Private donations comprise about one quarter of its revenue, it said in its 2016 annual report. 
The Environmental Protection Agency is looking to hire 15  Diversity and Inclusion Specialists,  each of whom will make $100,000 or more per year.The agency will hire employees to set up diversity and inclusion  advisory bodies  across the country, according to a government job posting. Earth Day is every day at EPA!  the agency said.  At EPA, you can protect human health and the environment of all Americans, and you ll discover that EPA is one great place to work! We offer great benefits and work flexibilities, and our diverse workforce connects to more than just a career we share a common passion to promote a cleaner, healthier environment,  the EPA said.The salary range for Diversity and Inclusion Specialists is between $99,785 and $146,570 per year. If all 15 positions are filled, the hires would cost taxpayers between $1,496,775 and $2,198,550 each year.The employees will be in charge of implementing a  diversity strategy  within the EPA s Office of Research and Development. Other duties include analyzing recruitment and retention, as well as setting up diversity and inclusion advisory boards.Read more: WFB
Fox is not only number one with racists, the network is apparently number one at hiring racists as well.After a video of a school valedictorian went viral because Mayte Lara Ibarra told the audience that she is an undocumented immigrant during her speech, a Fox Sports reporter simply could not accept that a Latino is smart enough to be at the top of the class.During a Barstool Rundown associated with Republican nominee Donald Trump and his plan to build a wall along the U.S.-Mexico border, Fox reporter Emily Austen openly questions the intelligence of Mexicans and made racist comments about Asians and Jews. I didn t even know Mexicans were that smart,  Austen said. She also derided Jews as  stingy  and claimed  the Chinese guy is always the smartest guy in math class. Here s the video via Vimeo. Austen s remarks begin at the 24 minute mark.Well, while racist Trump supporters probably appreciated Austen s comments, they didn t go down well with her bosses at Fox Sports, who promptly removed her from the air for the time being.Fox Sports General Manager Steve Tello condemned Austen s comments and quickly made it clear that Fox Sports had nothing to do with them. We were made aware that Emily Austen appeared in a social media video unaffiliated with Fox Sports in which she made insensitive and derogatory comments. She was not speaking on behalf of Fox Sports, nor do we condone any of the statements she made in the video. Emily has been advised that her comments were unacceptable, and she is not scheduled to appear on any upcoming Fox Sports Florida or Fox Sports Sun broadcasts. These kinds of stereotypical precepts have no place in our society, but this is the kind of America that Donald Trump is hoping to create. As a public media figure, Austen should have known better. It would like someone saying that all blondes are dumb. However, that stereotype appears to be true in Austen s case.Featured image via YouTube
Sen. Richard Burr (R., NC.), chairman of the Senate Intelligence Committee, scolded Democratic Sen. Kamala Harris (D-Calif.) for not allowing Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein to answer her questions during a committee hearing on Wednesday. Harris repeatedly interrupted the Deputy AG Rude, Rude, Rude!Harris was asking Rosenstein about the authority of former FBI Director Robert Mueller in his current role as special counsel to investigate interference by Russia in the 2016 presidential election. Rosenstein started to answer the question several times before Harris cut him off over and over leading Burr to intervene: Will the senator suspend. The chair is going to exercise it s right to allow the witnesses to answer the question. And the committee is on notice to provide the witnesses the courtesy, which has not been extended all the way across, extend the courtesy for questions to get answered. Political demagogue Harris then blurted out that Rosenstein is known for  joking  about his ability to  filibuster .Prior to Burr s comments, Sen. John McCain (R., Ariz.) asked the chairman to intervene after Harris repeatedly interrupted Rosenstein as he started to answer her questions.We reported on Ms. Harris yesterday she s rude, rude, rude! 
A video uploaded to the Facebook page operated by the North American sportsman Association, Backcountry Hunters and Anglers (BHA), shows members tearing down a tarp that previously covered the sign marking the entrance to the Malheur National Wildlife Refuge in Oregon.As the video plays, the words  Removing extremists attempts to grab our public lands  appear clearly across the bottom of the screen. It s a bold-faced grab,  BHA member Mark Heckert says angrily.  This is an illegal occupation by force. I don t care what face they put on it, that s exactly what it is. A declaration on the organization s Facebook page reads: BHA refuses to allow those who want to steal your public lands get away with this. According to the organization s website, BHA s membership rolls include hunters, fisherman, hikers, backpackers and other outdoor enthusiasts from all across the U.S. and Canada.Earlier this month, Addicting Info reported on an open letter from the badass birders who also declared war on the Bundy terrorists.BHA members share the sentiments of the birding community, with one major difference. Many of these men and women also have guns.As the group s  About  page on Facebook notes:  Some of us hunt with center-fire rifles and shotguns, others with muzzle-loaders or archery gear Unlike the Oregon terrorists, BHA members have not threatened to use their weapons to take back THEIR land from the YallQaeda terrorists. But they have made it abundantly clear that will not allow THEIR land to be stolen by these right wing extremists.During a press conference held by Ammon Bundy shortly after the group of armed anti-government nuts seized control of the Wildlife Refuge, Bundy said his goals are to  open the land up to ATV riders and pick-up truck drivers,  all in the name of right wingers freedom to destroy whatever the goddamn well feel like destroying.In stark contrast to Bundy s repulsive mission, BHA members are conservationists, who have pledged to protect public land and care for it, so that it can be enjoyed by generations to come. Among the group s stated goals is to protect wild spaces like Mulheur from excessive off-road vehicle use, which damages the land and threatens wildlife species.Members of the group take the following pledge:As a North American hunter and angler,As you can see from the video below, these guys don t take that pledge lightly.// < ![CDATA[ // < ![CDATA[ // < ![CDATA[ // < ![CDATA[ // < ![CDATA[ // < ![CDATA[ (function(d, s, id) { var js, fjs = d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0]; if (d.getElementById(id)) return; js = d.createElement(s); js.id = id; js.src = "//connect.facebook.net/en_US/sdk.js#xfbml=1&#038;version=v2.3"; fjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js, fjs);}(document, 'script', 'facebook-jssdk')); // ]]&gt;BHA refuses to allow those who want to steal your public lands get away with this. It s time to restore law and order, U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service. #keepitpublicPosted by Backcountry Hunters & Anglers on Tuesday, January 12, 2016 BHA currently has more than 160,000 followers on Facebook and several thousand additional fans on Twitter. I can only assume that their membership will continue to grow, as the video below makes its way across the social media stratosphere.*Featured image credit: video screen capture Backcountry Hunters and Anglers on Facebook
Earlier today, Trump appeared to tank the stock of yet another company with a single, ill-considered tweet:The F-35 program and cost is out of control. Billions of dollars can and will be saved on military (and other) purchases after January 20th.  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) December 12, 2016While we can all agree that the man-child known as Donald  King Cheeto  Trump is absolutely clueless about his responsibilities and clout as president, it seems it might not have been that tweet that actually tanked Lockheed Martin s stock. What may have happened is considerably worse and considerably more terrifying. Newsweek s Kurt Eichenwald tweeted the following, which, if true, demonstrates just how dangerous it is that Trump has any access at all to social media:God. Wall Street guy tells me he & buddies watching TV news 2 see if they can figure out what company might make Trump angry, then short it.  Kurt Eichenwald (@kurteichenwald) December 12, 2016First Boeing, now Lockheed Martin. But it s not just that. Many of the replies are showing that Lockheed s stock actually began to tank a few minutes before Trump let the world know he was pissed at them. In other words, the possibility exists that Wall Street traders are manipulating the market to their advantage, and basing that manipulation on our ignorant, petty man-child of a president-elect:@kurteichenwald Did they get the word 5 minutes before Trump tweeted about F-35s (Lockheed Martin)? https://t.co/1LcN2lT8Jo  Sean Smith (@protanope) December 12, 2016@kurteichenwald Clearly someone had the head s up on the F-35 program and shorted Lockheed minutes before. Wonder if S.A.C. still gets leaks  Carolyn Lanzetta (@CarolynLanzetta) December 12, 2016@kurteichenwald @mybookishways kind of like whomever it was who dumped Lockheed shares 5 min before he tweeted?  J.N. Duncan (@jimnduncan) December 12, 2016How s that swamp-draining going, Trumpkins? Bet they won t be so thrilled when Wall Street goes after their employers because of him.This is Trump s economy. One of two things is most likely to happen here: Either Wall Street will get tired of Cheetolini s antics and stop paying attention, or they ll go all out at some point and bankrupt someone. Regardless, this is something that should never have even gotten started. Trump is going to ruin us.Featured image via Drew Angerer/Getty Images
A report just came out about the crazy huge numbers of illegals crossing our OPEN BORDER. Yes, Obama has basically opened our borders to pretty much anyone who can walk or crawl across. That means people from all over the globe including terrorists!The prospect of Donald Trump s border wall becoming a reality has illegal immigrants racing for the U.S.An investigative report by Reuters quantitatively and qualitatively shows the Republican front-runner s vow to secure the border has struck fear into the hearts of would-be illegal aliens. The news service interviewed migrants and smugglers for Tuesday s report, in addition to pouring over Customs and Border Patrol data: If Trump wins, we re all screwed and all Latinos are screwed,  Isaias Franco, a 46-year-old from El Salvador who was deported from the United States late last year and is now trying to get back, said at a migrant shelter in Ciudad Juarez, just across the border from El Paso, Texas.U.S. Customs and Border Protection (CBP) data shows 150,304 migrants were detained trying to cross the U.S.-Mexico border between October and February, up 24 percent from the same period last year.Similar data for  unaccompanied  child migrants   those traveling without a guardian   is not yet available, but between October and January, 20,455 kids were apprehended on the southwest border, up over 100 percent from a year ago. They think they need to take advantage while they can,  said Blanca Rivera, who manages a Ciudad Juarez, Mexico, migrant shelter.She said coyotes in the Honduran capital Tegucigalpa   who charge about $7,000 per person   have been telling people now is the time to leave.CBP data revealed 150,304 people were apprehended trying to illegal enter the U.S. through its southern border between October and February 2015   a 24 percent jump over the previous year. Unaccompanied minors detained illegally entering the U.S. from October to January   20,455   skyrocketed 100 percent compared to the previous year.Isaias Franco, a 46-year-old from El Salvador who was deported from the U.S. last year, told Reuters from Ciudad Juarez that he was determined to return. If Trump wins, we re all screwed and all Latinos are screwed,  Franco said.  You watch the news   There s a lot of fear among Latinos. Read more: WNDMEXICO REJECTS THE POSSIBILITY OF A WALLMEXICO CITY (Reuters)   There is no way Mexico would fund Donald Trump s  terrible  plan to build a wall along its border with the United States if the Republican front-runner wins the U.S. presidential election, the Mexican finance minister said.Trump, the New York billionaire developer and former reality television star, sparked outrage in Mexico when he vowed to force Latin America s second largest economy to pay for a wall along the southern U.S. border to stem the flow of illegal immigration and drugs.In a televised interview late on Wednesday, Finance Minister Luis Videgaray categorically rejected the proposal. Under no circumstance will Mexico pay for the wall that Mr. Trump is proposing,  he said.  Building a wall between Mexico and the United States is a terrible idea. It is an idea based on ignorance and has no foundation in the reality of North American integration. Trump has accused Mexico of sending rapists and drug runners across the U.S. border and has vowed to increase fees on some Mexican visas and all border crossing cards as part of a broader plan to force Mexico to pay for the wall. Read more: Yahoo
Recently, North Carolina passed dangerous legislation that blocked anti-discrimination ordinances. Many have expressed fears that the new legislation, which arose in response to the city of Charlotte taking steps to ensure that the LGBT community would enjoy equal protection under the law, would embolden the more extreme segments of the alleged  Christian  population to act out their hateful fantasies. Unfortunately, any who feared this may be the case were correct.On Tuesday, one group of Christian bigots proved the need to establish anti-discrimination laws when they left a chilling note for a lesbian waitress at a Charlotte restaurant   a death threat in the form of a Bible verse.Alexandra Judd, a waitress at Zada Janes, says that the group of stand-up, God-fearing individuals showed their Christian love by leaving the disturbing note in lieu of a tip. Instead of $3.45, the customary 15% tip on a $23 order, they simply wrote  Lev. 20:13. This verse is special among religious bigots, and it is often used to allow them to express their hatred and even threaten people while  excusing their actions by claiming they are simply exercising their First Amendment right to religious expression. If a man also lie with mankind, as he lieth with a woman, both of them have committed an abomination,  the verse reads.  They shall surely be put to death; their blood shall be upon them. In other words, the group of loving  Christians  told the waitress she should be executed   something that might land anyone else in jail if they said that sort of thing to a random person on the street. But, since they were just expressing their  religious freedom,  this sort of horrific statement typically gets a pass in our society. Praying for you,  the Christians added at the bottom   a statement that often accompanies this sort of violent and hateful expression. I never expected a hateful gesture like this,  Judd said.  I ve had a guest leave me a pamphlet to their church as a tip one time, but I didn t feel as if they were being hateful towards me. The ladies that came in were very rude, and would hardly talk to me   but I never expected this. I ve heard of people leaving fake money, or writing funny stuff in the tip spot of a check but never believed it would happen to me, in the way that it did,  she added.Christians often leave fake $20 bills (and other denominations) to trick servers into thinking they have received a great tip. When the server unfolds the bill, he or she discovers a Bible verse. This is horrible, especially given the low wages in the service industry and the unfortunate fact that waitstaff often depend on tips to survive, but nor nearly as bad as a thinly-veiled death threat.Despite what could easily be called a hate crime if North Carolina did not enact legislation to protect the Faithful who choose to do this sort of thing, Judd remains resilient. I don t care what anyone says, this is the most disrespectful thing you can do,  she wrote on Facebook.  Don t pray for me darling, I have everything I could possibly want and need in my life. Unfortunately, the bigot who left that note is severely lacking something in her life   love for her fellow humans. It is unclear if this  Christian  will act on her threat, but we hope not.Featured Image via screengrab
  I don t hate these people. They are just angry.    Mr. O Connor, owner of Memories PizzaMemories Pizza-1 Gay Mafia-0 If a child of mine was gay I would love them, but I still wouldn t go to the wedding. The pizza parlor owners who received death threats and were subjected to an online hate campaign will reopen for business tomorrow with the backing of $842,000 from well wishers and a defiant message that they stand by their opposition to gay weddings. They were going to open today but were advised to hold off for security reasons.In an exclusive first interview inside Memories Pizza restaurant since it closed down last week, owner Kevin O Connor and daughter Crystal emerged from hiding and told Daily Mail Online they had been heartened by the support of 29,000 people who donated and many more who wrote to them.They revealed they are set to share their new fortune with disabled children, a women s help group, fire fighters, police trusts, Christian churches and Washington florist Barronelle Stutzman, 70, who was fined after declaring she would not serve a gay wedding.The tiny pizza joint in the unremarkable town of Walkerton, which has a population of just over 2000, became the focal point of a raging national debate over Indiana s Religious Freedom Restoration Act, which was passed last month.Critics said it would allow individuals and businesses to use religion as a defense against any accusation of discrimination from gay people.The bill was severely tested over the last week after Crystal, 22, a devout Christian, told a local radio station that the restaurant she runs with her father would never cater a wedding of two people of the same sex.Mr. O Connor and his daughter were still adamant today, despite the furor that has engulfed them, that they would refuse to serve gay marriages with their pizzas. He added:   If any child of mine came out as gay and entered into a gay marriage, I would still love them, but Daddy wouldn t be going to the wedding. The O Connors, who serve around 100 pizzas a week to locals, admitted they had never actually been commissioned to provide their 16 inch $12.99 cheese pizzas or pulled pork $5.75 sandwiches to a same sex wedding.Crystal said:  I was asked a hypothetical question and that was the answer I gave. But I didn t hope to gain anything by saying what I said.  I wasn t trying to score points. It is something I believe in from my heart and my faith about gay weddings. But I don t regret what I said.  I have been scared, but God is giving me strength. I think it is nothing compared to what Christ had to suffer. Speaking to ABC57 a week ago, Crystal said:  If a gay couple came in and wanted us to provide pizzas for their wedding, we would have to say no.  The remark was quickly picked up by opponents of the new law and sparked an intense and angry debate, with threats being made against the O Conners, forcing them to close down and go into hiding until today.Crystal said:  I don t like attention, period. Before all this I was the  Pizza Girl  and I didn t like that and now I got even more attention. I don t know how to take it.  She said the abuse in telephone calls and in online remarks had frightened her of being attacked when walking along the sidewalk in tiny Walkerton which is primarily set around a small stretch of a busy highway. I didn t want to leave my apartment. I was scared.  People were looking at me and all that brought my spirits down. But the support we got also lifted me and made me stronger and humbled. But it has been difficult. Her father, who has owned the business for around nine years, said:  I am overwhelmed and not just because of the money, but the positive feedback that we have met with.  There are just a lot of good people out there. It seems like all we hear about is the bad ones and when something like this happens, it seems like the bad ones are the first to come out and get after you. I don t hate these people. They are just angry. I am not really sure what they are so angry about. So many things today are topsy turvey. What used to be wrong is now right and what used to be right is now wrong. I don t hold anything against them.  When this country was founded it was a Christian nation and those were the rights given to us by the founders and before that by God. People just don t want you to have those rights any more. I just don t understand it all. But it is kind of like fighting the fire. The fire burns big until the fire trucks get there. The fire rages and the more supportive people are like the fire trucks as they come in and start displacing the flames, putting it down and building your spirits back up. He recalled how the fury began over a few words Crystal chose to reveal her deep rooted opposition to same sex marriages. This all happened last Tuesday. Crystal was by herself and I was by myself in a different spot.  He said his daughter telephoned him to discuss a reporter s request for an interview on the ramifications of the new law and whether she should agree to talk.Mr O Conner said he considered the situation after he recalled a verse from the Bible   when Christ said  If you deny me before a man, I will deny you before the father . He said he felt it would be denying his and his daughters Christian beliefs if they did not admit to their opposition against gay marriage.After the interview had been broadcast and the negative remarks began, he said he saw his daughter s despair.  She was feeling more and more helpless about it and I was telling her  Its going to be ok its not going to be that big.  And then it just blew up and the ugliness arrived. But it was not a throwaway remark that she made. We do not believe in gay marriages, so we will not support them. A local teacher sent a message out on Twitter, which was quickly deleted, calling for Memories Pizza to be firebombed. The message is now the subject of a police investigation and charges are being considered against her. The sports school coach has been suspended.Mr O Connor said he had read some of the remarks against him and his daughter and he found them  vile and disgraceful .  I have seen some of the stuff and it disgusts me and I don t know how one human being can think about doing something like that to another. I had never really thought about being hated before. But on the day after which was a Wednesday, stuff started rolling in and it really started lifting ourspirits.  There were a whole lot of people out there who began voicing our support and just building our confidence. It is very encouraging to know there are other people out there who think the way you do and feel the same way you feel.Via: UK Daily Mail
Health professionals have been speculating for months that Hillary s odd behavior and inability to stand or walk without help is likely related to Parkinson s disease. That would explain the videos where Hillary is seen having what appears to be having a seizure. Since seizures are triggered by flashes, it makes sense that the Secret Service would take phones away from the audience. Having a full-blown seizure on the debate stage would probably be a mistake at this point in the campaign after Hillary s been likely hiding a serious, debilitating disease Watch here:And here:https://youtu.be/11-EAzsGxgQLast night the Secret Service took attendees phones before going into the debate.now we know why REPORTER:  This is why it was banned apparently because the Secret Service did not trust people to disable the flashes on their cameras and they were afraid it would inspire Hillary s seizure disorder. A reported admitted on Monday that the Secret Service told reporters not to use a flash because of Hillary Clinton s seizure disorder.Secret Service told reporters at the #debate not to use flash so that it won't trigger Hillary's seizure disorder. https://t.co/30zh3Y5cAb  REGATED (@regated) October 10, 2016Via: Gateway Pundit
CAIRO (Reuters) - Three policemen, one security guard and a civilian were killed and a number of other people injured in an attack by militants in Egypt s North Sinai province on Monday, the interior ministry said.  The militants attacked a security post securing a National Bank of Egypt branch in Arish, the provincial capital, with explosives and guns, a statement said.  Egypt is fighting an insurgency against militants affiliated with Islamic State in the northern part of the Sinai Peninsula where hundreds of security forces have been killed since 2013. Attacks on security forces have been common since Islamist president Mohamed Mursi was ousted in 2013 following mass protests against his rule. The militants raided the bank branch and stole an amount that had yet to be valued, the statement said. Forces were searching the area for the perpetrators and had defused some explosives.  Security sources told Reuters that three Egyptian policemen, one security guard and three civilians were killed and 22 others were injured in the attack.  Witnesses said armed militants in five cars fired on security forces near a church and the NBE branch before fleeing the scene.   The militants fired shots randomly in the street as if they were celebrating, with some of them raising their black flags (of Islamic State). They roamed the streets for about 20 minutes then disappeared,  said Alaa Lotfy, a shop owner in the area who witnessed the clashes.  At least 24 militants and six soldiers were killed on Sunday in attacks on military outposts in North Sinai. 
MADRID (Reuters) - Spain s High Court said on Tuesday it had granted a U.S. request to extradite Russian citizen Peter Levashov, who is accused of U.S. hacking offences including operating a network of infected computers used by cyber criminals.  Levashov, 36, was arrested while on holiday in Barcelona in April.  U.S. prosecutors have accused him of running the Kelihos botnet, a network of more than 100,000 infected devices used by cyber criminals to distribute viruses, ransomware, phishing emails and other spam attacks. U.S. prosecutors are seeking a 52-year jail sentence against Levashov, who denies the charges against him. The Spanish court said Levashov had three days to lodge an appeal against the extradition decision. Levashov, who is fighting extradition, told the Madrid court last week that he had worked for President Vladimir Putin s United Russia party for the last 10 years, Russia s RIA news agency reported. He told the court that investigators in the United States would torture him for information about his political work if he was sent there to face the charges.  If I go to the U.S., I will die in a year. They want to get information of a military nature and about the United Russia party,  RIA quoted him as saying.  I will be tortured, within a year I will be killed, or I will kill myself.  The Spanish court ruling said that Levashov s lawyers had also alleged a political motivation behind the U.S. request for his extradition and that the real reason behind it may be that he was a programmer who might have  hacked the U.S. elections . U.S. intelligence agencies have concluded that the Kremlin orchestrated a wide-ranging influence operation that included email hacking and online propaganda to discredit Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton and help Donald Trump, a Republican, win the White House last November. The Kremlin denies the allegations. The Spanish court dismissed all the arguments put forward by Levashov and his lawyers against extradition.  Nothing has been proven with respect to the allegations about political motivation and neither ... has the potential infringement of the accused s right to life or of his physical integrity,  the court ruling sad. In an eight-count indictment handed down by a federal grand jury in Connecticut in April, Levashov was charged with causing intentional damage to a protected computer and wire fraud. Russia has lodged its own request for Levashov s extradition from Spain, RIA reported. 
The whole world is talking about Donald Trump, over which he is no doubt preening because any attention is good attention as long as it s focused entirely on him. But besides the obvious problems with this, there s one tradition that s very important among international leaders and diplomats. Trump is getting dangerously close to destroying it.The tradition is this: You don t trash-talk a foreign country s political candidates.That might seem silly. It might seem trivial. It s not. This is a very old tradition that was actually turned into policy at the 1961 Vienna Convention. While different countries interpret  Thou shalt not interfere in foreign countries  elections  differently, most are careful to keep their mouths shut, at least publicly. Even in 2004, when the whole world hated George W. Bush for the fiasco that was Iraq, foreign diplomats and leaders mostly kept quiet.Not so now. Trump is testing everyone s patience, and many find that they just can t keep it to themselves: If you represent one of these countries that has been insulted or attacked, you tend to react. We are very passionate, and our blood is pretty hot. But we have to play it cool and understand that this is a campaign, and an election, and that we are diplomats. This week, thousands of foreign diplomats are gathering in New York City for the U.N. General Assembly. Trump has insulted a great many of them in one way or another. What the Latin-American diplomat said to Politico is true around the world: Adding to the complications is that U.S. elections are increasingly followed intensely by people overseas, whether it s via Facebook or CNN International. So when a U.S. presidential candidate slams a foreign country as Trump has so often (with Mexico, Japan, China, members of NATO, and on and on) representatives of those countries feel unusual domestic pressure to respond. Wars of words could easily escalate into more serious wars with Trump. He s proven that with his threats against both Ted Cruz and John Kasich for the 2018 midterms   he can t let a slight go.As another example of how he goes after everyone who pisses him off: He s busy trash-talking a Scottish whiskey company for daring to give an award to a neighbor of his who criticizes his golf course. In retaliation, he s banned every brand of whiskey from William Grant & Sons for that affront, because really, how dare they?He should have more important things to worry about than petty personal slights, but they re actually the centerpiece of his whole existence. When foreign leaders won t play ball his way, and go on record with nothing but what he thinks are insults, what s he going to do? Two guesses what he ll do, but you ll only need one.He hasn t even been elected yet and foreign leaders and diplomats are openly attacking him. Some of these people probably held their tongues when George W. was running for re-election, however hard that might have been. This would be hilarious if it wasn t so frightening.Featured image by Joe Raedle/Getty Images
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. State Department has approved arms sales packages worth more than $3.8 billion to Bahrain including F-16 jets, upgrades, missiles and patrol boats, the Pentagon said on Friday. The approvals coincide with the State Department s notification to Congress, which had held up a similar arms deal last year over human rights concerns.  The proposed sales include 19 F-16V jets made by Lockheed Martin Corp which could have a value of up to $2.7 billion, the Pentagon said.  Other potential sales approved Friday include two 35 meter (114 feet) patrol boats with machine guns, 221 anti-tank missiles made by Raytheon Co and $1.8 billion worth of upgrades to Bahrain s existing fleet of F-16 jets, the Pentagon said in separate statements. In May, U.S. President Donald Trump said Washington s relations with Bahrain would improve, after meeting with the king of the Gulf Arab state during a visit to Saudi Arabia. However in June, U.S. Senator Bob Corker, the chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, said he would block arms sales to members of the Gulf Cooperation Council, including Bahrain, until they made progress in resolving a simmering dispute with Qatar. But a U.S. official, who spoke on condition of anonymity earlier on Friday, said the proposed sales were cleared by the Senate Foreign Relations and House Foreign Affairs Committees through the regular  tiered review process  which precedes this formal notification. The U.S. official also said the United States has regular discussions with Bahrain on human rights and political reform and continues to urge its government to pursue efforts that will enhance regional security. 
The city of Portland, Maine has been thrown into pandemonium after a mural of the state s bigoted governor decked out in full Ku Klux Klan regalia appeared.The original graffiti art was painted onto the wall of the Portland Water District s wastewater treatment plant and featured Maine Gov. Paul LePage donning the trademark hood and robe of the KKK. Given the slew of racist remarks that he spews almost continuously, the image is fairly fitting. Next to the 6-foot-high likeness of LePage are the words racist,   homophobe  and  moron.   Governor,  the last word listed, is crossed out with a red line.City won t remove graffiti of "racist" Maine Gov. LePage wearing KKK hood https://t.co/9KkhiUSVPp pic.twitter.com/PNvIaJhiob  Talking Points Memo (@TPM) September 6, 2016The wall art sparked a string of graffiti and the image has since undergone several transformations. Portland resident Mark Reilly painted over the image with white paint, then a group of women scrubbed off his cover-up. By 10pm on Tuesday, the image had been reduced to just LePage s face with Mickey Mouse ears above his head. All references to the KKK were gone and the mural now reads only No Hate  and  Hate is Hate. As for city officials, they have been in turmoil over what should be down about the graffiti as well. Portland Mayor Ethan Strimling wanted the image removed. I do not want it up there. It is not reflective of our values,  Strimling said Tuesday.  The KKK has a long, problematic history in the state of Maine, and equating the governor and his rhetoric, as much as we disagree with it, is a step too far. The wall belongs to the Portland Water District and they have not removed graffiti from the wall in decades and has been treated as a public canvas. City officials initially said that they had no intention of removing the image, citing free speech. But later in the day, water district spokeswoman Michelle Clements said that the city and the district s general manager were discussing what should be done about the mural.Strimling, who has been known to be at odds with the Republican governor, clarified on Tuesday that his reasoning for suggesting that the mural should be removed had nothing to do with concern for LePage. I am as frustrated as the next person with the governor s rhetoric,  he said.  It is not appropriate to trivialize the KKK. LePage has a bad habit of letting his racism hang out for the world to see on a regular basis. He made headlines a few months ago when said black guys named  shifty  are coming into his state to sell drugs and impregnate young white girls. More recently, he said that he is at  war  and declared black people to be the enemy. A few days later, when he heard a rumor that a colleague had called him a racist, he decided to leave a ranting voicemail calling him a  cocksucker.  He has since promised that he will never talk to the media again so that they are less likely to catch him saying racist things.Featured image via WCVB
It appears that Obama ally, Angela Merkel is more popular with Muslim migrant males than the citizens of Germany .German voters turned to the far right in droves yesterday in a damning verdict on Angela Merkel s open door border policy. In regional elections she was humiliated by the anti-immigrant AfD   Alternative for Germany   party.Formed just three years ago, it has surged in popularity following Mrs Merkel s decision to roll out the red carpet for more than a million migrants.Analysts said the regional poll   in which Mrs Merkel s ruling Christian Democrats lost two out of three states   was a  worst case scenario  for the embattled chancellor ahead of a general election next year.The timing made it a virtual referendum on Germany s refugee policy. It will also be seen as an indictment of the failure of Europe s ruling classes to acknowledge the public s fears about migration.Mrs Merkel s welcome for arrivals from Syria, other parts of the Middle East and North Africa, has caused chaos across the continent.Initially, the incomers were greeted by crowds of well-wishers. But, faced with the sheer numbers, public opinion soured. And there was outrage when gangs of migrant men were involved in organised sex attacks on women in Cologne and other cities on new year s eve.One by one, EU states have thrown up border fences to stop the flow of arrivals   leading to the slow collapse of the Schengen passport-free zone. Via:DMWatch incredible video (below) that explains why German Chancellor Angela Merkel is getting hammered in the polls in Germany:German Chancellor Angela Merkel s party suffered a major setback in key state polls Sunday over her liberal refugee policy, while the right-wing populist AfD recorded a surge as it scooped up support from angry voters.Merkel s Christian Democratic Union (CDU) lost in two of three states in regional elections, and scored a historic low in its stronghold Baden-Wuerttemberg where it came in second place after the Greens, according to projections based on early results published by public broadcasters ARD and ZDF.The populist Alternative for Germany (AfD), which had sparked outrage by suggesting police may have to shoot at migrants to stop them entering the country, recorded double-digit support in the first elections they have stood for in all three regions.The elections are the biggest since Germany registered a record influx of refugees, and are largely regarded as a referendum on Merkel s decision to open the country s doors to people fleeing war.Bild daily called Sunday s polls  a day of horror for Chancellor Merkel  as the stunning popularity of the upstart AfD was a clear punishment for her policy. The people who voted for us voted against this refugee policy,  said AfD deputy chairman Alexander Gauland.Frauke Petry (L) and Ronald Glaeser of the right-wing populist party Alternative for Germany (AfD) party react after state elections exit poll results were announced on tv in Berlin on March 13, 2016Germans had watched in growing alarm as 1.1 million asylum seekers arrived in the country in 2015 alone.Despite facing intense pressure to change course, Merkel has resolutely refused to impose a cap on arrivals, insisting instead on common European action that includes distributing refugees among the EU s 28 member states. Via: Breitbart News
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republican candidate John Kasich said on Friday he does not think any Republican presidential contender will win enough state delegates to secure the nomination before the party’s convention in July. “As crazy as this year is, can you think of anything cooler than a convention where we’re going to learn about how America works?” Kasich said, referring to the complex rules that would come into play in a brokered convention. The decision about which candidate to nominate has to be made out in the open, Kasich said.  (Reporting by Emily Flitter and Megan Cassella; Editing by Doina Chiacu) This article was funded in part by SAP. It was independently created by the Reuters editorial staff. SAP had no editorial involvement in its creation or production.
21st Century Wire says Our weekly documentary film, curated by our editorial team at 21WIRE.This film documents a series of early scandals and state corruption surrounding Bill Clinton and Hillary Clinton. The film came under heavy criticism in the US media at the time, with Democratic Party officials and mainstream media labelling it as a  partisan hit piece.  While Clinton proponents and critics of this film maintain that it s part of a  vast right-wing conspiracy, this film produced by Citizens for Honest Government does cover actual events which took place in and around Arkansas during the Clinton s reign as Governor there, and contains numerous facts and revelations regarding those events   including a massive cocaine smuggling operation into Mena, Arkansas under the watch of the Clinton governorship. Watch:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=35mG57pUy80 . Run time: 1 hr 41 min Director: Patrick Matrisciana Producer: Patrick Matrisciana Released: 1994SEE MORE SUNDAY SCREENINGS HERE  SUPPORT 21WIRE   SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV
James Comey, the Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, is in hot water for sending a vague letter about some emails that were found on Anthony Weiner s computer, which he linked to Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton after saying months ago that the matter of Hillary s private server was resolved. While it could be expected that Democrats would be furious that Comey would do such a thing just 11 days before what is easily the hottest national election cycle in recent memory, Comey is getting pushback from unexpected sources as well: Republicans.Judiciary Chair Chuck Grassley (R-Iowa) had harsh words for Comey, saying in part, via a letter: Unfortunately, your letter failed to give Congress and the American people enough context to evaluate the significance or full meaning of this development. Without additional context, your disclosure is not fair to Congress, the American people, or Secretary Clinton. Grassley, of course, is far from the only person of influence who is troubled by Comey s actions. Despite his reputation as a man of integrity, people on both sides of the aisle regard Friday s letter as a grave mistake. Grassley s letter continued: In the absence of additional, authoritative information from the FBI in the wake of your vague disclosure, Congress and the American people are left to sift through anonymous leaks from Justice Department officials to the press of varying levels of detail, reliability, and consistency. The American people deserve better than that. Grassley is right. The only possible connection those emails have to Hillary Clinton is the fact that the computer they were found on was shared by her longtime aide, Huma Abedin, who, of course, is the estranged wife of Anthony Weiner. Weiner, of course, is the disgraced former Congressman being investigated for allegedly sexting with a minor. So, in other words, nothing to see here folks.Perhaps most startling of all was a tweet from former Congressman Joe Walsh, who is now a right-wing radio host known for being an avid Trump supporter and is no stranger to controversy, including social media posts that could be interpreted as calls to violence. Even Walsh, however, had to admit that what Comey did was flat-out wrong:Hillary is corrupt as hell, but the FBI Dir has no right to mess with an election.He goes public cuz of emails no one has seen? Just wrong  Joe Walsh (@WalshFreedom) October 31, 2016At the end of the day, the integrity of our elections are the bedrock of our democracy. That should ALWAYS supersede politics. If Director Comey cannot understand and abide by that principle, he should resign immediately.Featured image via Win McNamee/Getty Images
When did white students become throw away citizens on campuses?  White privilege has turned to  white shame  and outright psychological abuse at the hands of Black Lives Matter terrorists and pathetic excuses for educators University students in Massachusetts who were upset by an image of a Confederate flag sticker on another student s laptop were offered counseling services at Framingham State University.The offer came after the university s  chief diversity and inclusion officer,  Sean Huddleston, described the display of the small Confederate flag sticker as a  bias incident. According to Metrowest Daily News, students filed two  bias reports  within the past month as a result of a student displaying the flag in some way. The most recent bias incident   reported on November 19   was a report of a student having seen a Confederate flag sticker on another student s laptop.In an email to students, Huddleston did not declare a ban on displaying the flag, but claimed that it upsets some students.MRCTV obtained the email in which Huddleston wrote:A student reported a bias incident today, in which the image of the Confederate flag was displayed on a laptop. Many of you may be aware that last month we received a Bias Incident involving two other students for a similar issue. Although related in nature, the two incidents involve separate parties.The FSU Bias Protocol and Response Team has been made aware of the incident, and will meet to determine any measures that may be needed to respond to the incident. Our primary goal continues to be to expeditiously address and resolve incidents of bias that impede our progress toward a welcoming and inclusive campus community. Many see the Confederate flag as an inflammatory symbol of oppression and constant reminder of a dark period in the history of the United States in which slavery was a legal,  Huddleston continued, while  Others may simply view this flag as a symbol of shared southern heritage and in memory of the Civil War. Huddleston said the flag and other symbols  are not condoned by Framingham State University, as they violate the core values of our institution and not considered consistent with our desire to maintain a safe, respectful and welcoming campus community for all. He further described  bias incidents  as  situations that may not rise to the level of a criminal act, but still clearly communicate offensive or derogatory behaviors. Observing that students on campus in general may have suffered a traumatic reaction from seeing an image of the Confederate flag, Huddleston continued,  We recognize that bias incidents are upsetting for the entire campus community, but especially for the target(s) and witness(es) of these incidents. It is strongly suggested that anyone impacted by a bias incident find someone to speak with,  he wrote.According to FSU campus newspaper The Gatepost, social-media displayed a mixed reaction to Huddleston s email:On the popular anonymous social media app Yik Yak, one student said the Confederate flag controversy was  legitimately embarrassing  and  someone is getting in trouble for such stupid bullshit. Another student disagreed and compared the Confederate flag to the swastika. Adding,  That s the issue. In case you were somehow still confused in 2015. One anonymous student posted,  Carry a copy of the constitution tomorrow, see how fast the PC police emails fly. Via: Breitbart News 
GRAPEVINE, Texas (Reuters) - U.S. immigration authorities signed deals on Monday with 18 of Texas’ 254 counties to expand a program that allows jailers at local sheriffs’ offices to cooperate with federal authorities in immigration enforcement. The deal signed at a sheriffs’ meeting in suburban Dallas comes as both the administration of U.S. Republican President Donald Trump, and Texas, the most populous Republican-controlled state, seek to crack down on “sanctuary cities,” places that shield immigrants who are in the country illegally. U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement reached what is known as a 287(g) agreement with the counties. The deal trains local agents in the sheriff’s offices to check if the people they have in custody may be in violation of U.S. immigration law. The program has been on the books since 1996 and allows the Department of Homeland Security to enter into formal written agreements with state and local police departments for officers to perform some of the functions of federal immigration enforcement officials.  “There’s no doubt that arresting removable aliens in a jail  is safer for the officers, safer for the community and even safer for the alien himself,” Acting ICE Director Tom Homan told a news conference. A.J. Louderback, sheriff of Jackson County, told the news conference that his county southwest of Houston joined the program to control criminality. The sheriff of Harris County, the most populous county in the state and home to Houston, dropped out of the program earlier this year, saying it cost his office too much in terms of manpower and money. Many of the 18 counties, which have a total population of about 1.5 million, are near Harris County. Texas has a population of about 28 million. The new agreement in Texas is for jails, but a task force model of the program has been used to allow police on patrol to check on people’s immigration status. Civil rights groups contend the method promotes illegal racial profiling. Former President Barack Obama’s administration wound down the task force model and only six new agreements were added between 2012 and 2016, according ICE, part of Homeland Security.  With the addition of the 18 programs in Texas, ICE now has 60 active 287(g) agreements, nearly double the number of programs that were active in 2016. The mandate to expand the program was outlined in an executive order on immigration enforcement signed just days after Trump took office in January. 
21st Century Wire says Worth watching. The Ed Snowden cameo is class. The Star Wars Libertarian Special features Senate filibusters, border patrol stops, eminent domain, a guest appearance by Edward Snowden, and rarely seen footage from Chewbacca s galaxy-trotting documentary series about free-market economics.  Watch here: FYI: This parody is not affiliated with the Star Wars Holiday Special (1978), though you should watch it if you haven t already.  SEE MORE HOLLYWOOD NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Hollywood Files
COX S BAZAR/KUTUPALONG, Bangladesh (Reuters) - Rohingya refugee children from Myanmar are working punishing hours for paltry pay in Bangladesh, with some suffering beatings and sexual assault, the International Organisation for Migration (IOM) has found. Independent reporting by Reuters corroborated some of the findings. The results of a probe by the IOM into exploitation and trafficking in Bangladesh s refugee camps, which Reuters reviewed on an exclusive basis, also documented accounts of Rohingya girls as young as 11 getting married, and parents saying the unions would provide protection and economic advancement. About 450,000 children, or 55 percent of the refugee population, live in teeming settlements near the border with Myanmar after fleeing the destruction of villages and alleged murder, looting and rape by security forces and Buddhist mobs. Afjurul Hoque Tutul, additional superintendent of police in Cox s Bazar, near where the camps are based, said 11 checkpoints had been set up that would help prevent children from leaving.  If any Rohingya child is found working, then the owners will be punished,  he said. Most of the refugees have arrived in the past two and a half months after attacks on about 30 security posts by Rohingya rebels met a ferocious response from Myanmar s military. Described by the United Nations human rights commissioner Zeid Ra ad Al Hussein as a  textbook example of ethnic cleansing , Myanmar s government counters that its actions are a proportionate response to attacks by Rohingya  terrorists . The IOM s findings, based on discussions with groups of long-term residents and recent arrivals, and separate interviews by Reuters, show life in the refugee camps is hardly better than it is in Myanmar for Rohingya children. The IOM said children were targeted by labor agents and encouraged to work by their destitute parents amid widespread malnutrition and poverty in the camps. Education opportunities are limited for children beyond Grade 3.   Rohingya boys and girls as young as seven years old were confirmed working outside the settlements, according to the findings. Boys work on farms, construction sites and fishing boats, as well as in tea shops and as rickshaw drivers, the IOM and Rohingya residents in the camp reported. Girls typically work as maids and nannies for Bangladeshi families, either in the nearby resort town of Cox s Bazar or in Chittagong, Bangladesh s second-largest city, about 150 km (100 miles) from the camps. One Rohingya parent, who asked not to be identified because she feared reprisals, told Reuters her 14-year-old daughter had been working in Chittagong as a maid but fled her employers. When she returned to the camp, she was unable to walk, her mother said, adding that her daughter s Bangladeshi employers had physically and sexually assaulted her.  The husband was an alcoholic and he would come to her bedroom at night and rape her. He did it six or seven times,  the mother said.  They gave us no money. Nothing.  The account could not be independently verified by Reuters but was similar to others recorded by the IOM. Most interviewees said female Rohingya refugees  experienced sexual harassment, rape and being forced to marry the person who raped her , the IOM said. Across Bangladesh s refugee settlements, Reuters saw children wandering muddy lanes alone and aimlessly, or sitting listlessly outside tents. Many children begged along roadsides. The Inter Sector Coordination Group, which oversees UN agencies and charities, said this month it had documented 2,462 unaccompanied and separated children in the camps. The actual number was  likely to be far higher , it said. A preliminary survey by the UNHCR and Bangladesh s Refugee Relief and Repatriation Commission has found that 5 percent of households - or 3,576 families - were headed by a child. Reuters interviewed seven families who sent their children to work. All reported terrible working conditions, low wages or abuse.  Muhammad Zubair, dressed in a dirty football shirt, his small stature belying his stated age of 12 years old, said he was offered 250 taka per day but ended up with only 500 taka ($6) for 38 days work building roads. His mother said he was 14 years old.  It was hard work, laying bricks on the road,  he said, squatting in the doorway of his mud hut in the Kutupalong camp. He said he was verbally abused by his employers when he asked for more money and was told to leave. He declined to provide their identities.  Zubair then took a job in a tea shop for a month, putting in two shifts per day from 6am to past midnight, broken by a four-hour rest period in the afternoon. He said he wasn t allowed to leave the shop and was only permitted to speak to his parents by phone once.   When I wasn t paid, I escaped,  he said.  I was frightened because I thought the owner, the master, would come here with other people and take me again.  Many parents also pressure their daughters to marry early, for protection and for financial stability, according to the IOM findings. Some child brides are as young as 11, the IOM said. But many women only became  second wives,  the IOM said. Second wives are frequently divorced quickly and  abandoned without any further economic support . Kateryna Ardanyan, an IOM anti-trafficking specialist, said exploitation had become  normalized  in the camps.  Human traffickers usually adapt faster to the situation than any other response mechanism can. It s very important we try to do prevention.  Ardanyan said.  Funding dedicated to protecting Rohingya men, women and children from exploitation and abuse is urgently needed.    
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump said on Friday he wants to see action to fix the flaws he sees in the Iran nuclear deal in a short period of time, adding that he could end the deal instantaneously. “We’ll see what happens over the next short period of time and I can do that instantaneously,” Trump told reporters when asked why he did not choose to scrap the deal now. “I like a two-step process much better,” said Trump, who was speaking shortly after he announced he would not certify the 2015 deal, aimed at preventing Iran from developing a nuclear bomb, in a major shift in U.S. policy. 
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Senate on Thursday voted to confirm President Donald Trump’s pick to head the Department of Energy, former Texas Governor Rick Perry, who has promised to renew America’s nuclear weapons arsenal. Perry’s rise to America’s top energy official came against opposition from Democrats worried about his ties to oil companies, his doubts about the science of climate change, and the fact that he once called for the department’s total elimination – a comment he has since said he regrets. The Senate voted 62 to 37 in support of Perry. Perry, 66, was governor of Texas from 2000 to 2015, making him the longest-serving governor of the oil-producing state in its history.   As energy secretary, Perry would lead a vast scientific research operation credited with helping trigger a U.S. drilling boom and advancements in energy efficiency and renewables technology, and would oversee America’s nuclear arsenal. In his Senate confirmation hearing, Perry said much of his focus running the department would be in renewing the country’s nuclear weapons arsenal. Trump wants to ensure the arsenal is at “the top of the pack” and said the United States had fallen behind in its nuclear weapons capacity. Democratic lawmakers expressed worry Perry would weaken the department’s functions and potentially target its army of scientists focused on climate and clean energy research. Perry sought to reassure them saying he would protect scientists and the growing renewable energy industry. Democratic Oregon Senator Ron Wyden, a senior Democrat on the Senate Energy and Natural Resources Committee, said Perry had failed to persuade him he would push back against Trump administration plans to cut the department’s budget and focus on clean energy R&D. “As Trump is threatening to slash DOE’s budget, Gov. Perry hasn’t convinced me he’s up to the task of creating those jobs and putting points on the board in the fight against climate change,” Wyden said. Republican Alaska Senator Lisa Murkowski, chair of the energy committee, said Perry would be “a strong partner as we focus on everything from reducing rural energy costs to advancing the Alaska gasline project.” 
Reality show star turned president Donald Trump has a limited vocabulary. French translators have noticed that, too, and say they are having a tough time translating Trump s speeches into the language of Moli re. Trump is not a great orator, which is something we ve all be subjected to. Words like,  sad!  are used in his tweets as if that s a complete sentence. Trump said  bigly  when he really meant  big league.  Or maybe he didn t mean  big league.  We ll never really know. After Trump gives a speech, his supporters inevitably jump in to explain to the rest of us what he really meant.Translator B reng re Viennot told the LA Review of Books, you have to be able to get into someone s mind  to translate the speaker but  when he (Trump) speaks he seems not to know quite where he s going. He seems to hang onto a word in the question, or to a word that pops into his mind, repeating it over and over again,  said Viennot.  He shapes his thought around it and, sometimes, succeeds in giving part of an answer   often the same answer: namely, that he won the election. Trump seems to go from point A (the question) to point B (himself, most of the time) with no real logic,  she continued.  It s as if he had thematic clouds in his head that he would pick from with no need of a logical thread to link them. Trump s vocabulary is limited, his syntax is broken; he repeats the same phrases over and over, forcing the translator to follow suit,  she said.She continued to say that  reading Trump in French, which is a very structured and logical language, reveals the poor quality of his language and, consequently, of his thought. As the Independent notes, Trump once referred to  swatches of land,  when he really he meant  swathes of land. Bigly swatches of land.Photo by Scott Olson/Getty Images.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sMHGkzrwzKg
A high profile, anti-mass migration Member of the European Parliament has had her office attacked by left wing radical thugs in Berlin, just under two weeks after her car was firebombed.Beatrix von Storch MEP, a member of the Alternative fur Deutschland (AfD) party which held a massive demonstration against German Chancellor Angela Merkel s immigration policies yesterday. This is the second attack on Ms. von Storch in just over a week.According to Die Welt, Mrs. von Storch s office was pelted with paint bombs and rocks in the overnight attack. The state protection office has begun an investigation into the incident.In a previous attack, Ms. von Storch s car was fire-bombed by opponents angry at her criticism of Berlin and Brussels in relation to the ongoing European migrant crisis. Two neighbouring cars were also destroyed in that arson attack in a densely populated residential area in the middle of Berlin.Good morning from Berlin where the row over refugees deepens. Asylum activist attacked house of #AfD's von Storch. pic.twitter.com/QmAc1PFpwP  Holger Zschaepitz (@Schuldensuehner) November 8, 2015Ms. von Storch, 45, is the Duchess of Oldenburg, a distant relative of the Duke of Edinburgh, who trained as a lawyer and spent 10 years as an insolvency specialist before entering politics.As Breitbart London has reported, her eurosceptic AfD party campaigns against mass migration and stands on a  more children for German families  platform.After coming close to entering the German parliament soon after its founding in 2013, AfD won seats in last year s European Parliament elections where it sits in the European Conservatives and Reformists Group alongside British Conservative Party MEPs.It then won representation in five German state assemblies after widening its appeal with populist positions on law and order, immigration and traditional social values. Via: Breitbart News
Our children are at risk, people! Fortunately, there is one woman who is willing to take a brave stand and confront this danger head-on   Trump education secretary pick Betsy DeVos. On Tuesday, supergenius DeVos was asked a very simple question: Do you think guns have any place in or around schools? Now, most of us would have answered that question with a simple  no,  but not DeVos. She sees a danger the rest of us are missing: bears.But never fear! Trump would never appoint someone who is completely unqualified to any position. Sure, she doesn t know that the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act is a thing, but  DeVos has the perfect answer to this hidden and severe threat against our children   a whole bunch of motherf*cking guns.DeVos says the decision to allow guns in schools is best left to locales and states to decide  because bear attacks are apparently a thing, and we wouldn t want students undefended while Yogi searches their school for a pic-a-nic basket, would we? I will refer back to Senator Enzi and the school he was talking about in Wyoming,  DeVos said.  I would imagine that there is probably a gun in the schools to protect from potential grizzlies.  As it turns out, Wyoming schools do not keep a pile of guns around to deal with an ever-looming threat of bear attacks.UPDATE: Teacher at Wyoming school Betsy DeVos said needed guns to shoot "grizzlies" says that's "absolutely" untruehttps://t.co/dWneudD0Tf pic.twitter.com/oVb8kEdAgL  Tom McKay (@thetomzone) January 18, 2017But, hey, at least the folks on Twitter are having fun:Screenshot from the National Geographic special Betsy DeVos watched to prove grizzly bears are a threat to schools  pic.twitter.com/c3ATfOdMJy  Guy Fi-hairy (@ih8_mayo) January 18, 2017Betsy DeVos took @StephenAtHome very literally. #GrizzlyBears #DeVosHearing pic.twitter.com/OKpsE3UQNk  FooseBallsOFire (@FooseBallsOFire) January 18, 2017We can't tell you how many times in the past year we've had a lockdown because  #grizzlybears. ? #NotMySOE #StopDeVos #DeVosHearing  Wa Badass Teachers A (@WaBATs_) January 18, 2017Maybe grizzly bears can home school your kids. Grizzlies aren't that bad and they're quite good at quadratic equations. #DeVosHearing  Imani Gandy (@AngryBlackLady) January 18, 2017Betsy DeVos said we need to have guns in schools to protect children from grizzly bears. What is wrong with these people? #DeVosHearing pic.twitter.com/eLeagUHrDo   nnydi g  ? (@bennydiego) January 18, 2017DeVos: Guns in schools so kids can protect themselves from grizzly bears. 200+ school shootings since 2013, 0 grizzly attacks.  Peter Ambler (@PeterMAmbler) January 18, 2017#BetsyDeVos says we need guns in schools to protect kids from grizzly bears.Not even kidding. #DeVosHearing pic.twitter.com/SIeTT0pusL  Chad R. MacDonald (@ChadMac19) January 18, 2017Guys, I'm very worried about grizzly bears in Ohio's public schools.  John Scalzi (@scalzi) January 18, 2017DeVos won't say guns shouldn't be in schools.Because sometimes kids need to be defended against grizzly bears.SERIOUSLY SHE SAID THAT  S Dynarski (@dynarski) January 18, 2017The Bible teaches us that God uses bears to kill children who disrespect elders. (2 Kings 2:23-24) Why is Betsy DeVos against God's plan?  Alexandra Erin (@alexandraerin) January 18, 2017I'm confused. Betsy DeVos wants to bring God into schools but also guns because I guess God isn't powerful enough to stop grizzly bears.  Sarcasticsapien (@Sarcasticsapien) January 18, 2017COMMITTEE: Yes or no. Would you enforce a school-wide fight to the death like Battle Royale? DEVOS: (breathing heavy) oh god yes  Mike Drucker (@MikeDrucker) January 18, 2017Betsy DeVos answering questions at the senate hearing was like listening to a 4 year old try to explain what happens while you're asleep.  Johnny Taylor, Jr. (@hipsterocracy) January 18, 2017We need a Secretary of Education that will work hard to end all of the grizzly bear on bear crime in schools.OHHHHH BETSY DEVOS!  Tony Posnanski (@tonyposnanski) January 18, 2017Asked if she would support Trump s plan to allow guns in schools, hospitals, day cares, and anywhere else a federal ban on gun-free zones would allow people to bring their firearms, DeVos explained that her  heart bleeds and is broken for those families that have lost any individual due to gun violence.  She did not say whether or not this includes the children who will be slaughtered as a result of Trump s policies.Watch what is quite possibly the dumbest thing you will hear from DeVos until the next time she opens her mouth:Featured image via Getty Images (Drew Angerer)/screengrab
Oh, the wiretapping scandal. Or it would be a scandal if it were true. Trump hasn t produced any hard evidence of being tapped anywhere, but Republicans have jumped on the series of tweets in which he accused President Obama of tapping him as though it s concrete fact. Enter Rep. Steve King, who licks Trump s boots. He appeared on MSNBC last night to discuss Trump and his wiretapping nonsense.And he flat-out admitted that the GOP doesn t have any facts proving that Trump was wiretapped. Literally. He said (with a smile, of all things): We actually don t have any facts to work with on this. What we got are opinions. We got opinions from the intelligence community, from Clapper, from Brennan and others. He went on to say that he gets to hear the opinions of the intelligence community, but said again that they don t have any facts. That does not, however, change his belief that both Michael Flynn and Trump were wiretapped. He seems to think that the evidence is there, the intelligence is there, he just can t see it because it s sensitive.Or something.How much longer is this charade about wiretaps going to go on before they re forced to admit that they either never happened, or happened with good reason?  Watch King s admission below:Unreal. Steve King tells @MSNBC he suspects Flynn, Trump were wiretapped THEN admits  we actually don t have any facts to work with on this  pic.twitter.com/ubNAjZYrzI  Kyle Griffin (@kylegriffin1) March 11, 2017Featured image via screen capture from embedded video
US Congressman Joe Wilson was right! Obama is a liar His reckless and amateur decisions have made America more unsafe than we have ever been. Now he s asking Americans to vote for Hillary to ensure his lawless legacy lives on The Obama administration secretly organized an airlift of $400 million worth of cash to Iran that coincided with the January release of four Americans detained in Tehran, according to U.S. and European officials and congressional staff briefed on the operation afterward.Wooden pallets stacked with euros, Swiss francs and other currencies were flown into Iran on an unmarked cargo plane, according to these officials. The U.S. procured the money from the central banks of the Netherlands and Switzerland, they said.The money represented the first installment of a $1.7 billion settlement the Obama administration reached with Iran to resolve a decades-old dispute over a failed arms deal signed just before the 1979 fall of Iran s last monarch, Shah Mohammad Reza Pahlavi.The settlement, which resolved claims before an international tribunal in The Hague, also coincided with the formal implementation that same weekend of the landmark nuclear agreement reached between Tehran, the U.S. and other global powers the summer before. With the nuclear deal done, prisoners released, the time was right to resolve this dispute as well,  President Barack Obama said at the White House on Jan. 17 without disclosing the $400 million cash payment.Senior U.S. officials denied any link between the payment and the prisoner exchange. They say the way the various strands came together simultaneously was coincidental, not the result of any quid pro quo. As we ve made clear, the negotiations over the settlement of an outstanding claim were completely separate from the discussions about returning our American citizens home,  State Department spokesman John Kirby said.  Not only were the two negotiations separate, they were conducted by different teams on each side, including, in the case of The Hague claims, by technical experts involved in these negotiations for many years. But U.S. officials also acknowledge that Iranian negotiators on the prisoner exchange said they wanted the cash to show they had gained something tangible.Sen. Tom Cotton, a Republican from Arkansas and a fierce foe of the Iran nuclear deal, accused President Barack Obama of paying  a $1.7 billion ransom to the ayatollahs for U.S. hostages. This break with longstanding U.S. policy put a price on the head of Americans, and has led Iran to continue its illegal seizures  of Americans, he said.Since the cash shipment, the intelligence arm of the Revolutionary Guard has arrested two more Iranian-Americans. Tehran has also detained dual-nationals from France, Canada and the U.K. in recent months.At the time of the prisoner release, Secretary of State John Kerry and the White House portrayed it as a diplomatic breakthrough. Mr. Kerry cited the importance of  the relationships forged and the diplomatic channels unlocked over the course of the nuclear talks. For entire story: Wall Street JournalAs a bonus, here is Rep. Joe Wilson calling out Barack Obama on one of his many lies:
MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russian Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev said on Tuesday he met U.S. President Donald Trump at the ASEAN summit in Manila earlier this week, calling him  open and well-meaning person , RIA news agency reported on Tuesday. Medvedev said he spoke with Trump after a dinner which was dedicated to the 50th anniversary of ASEAN. The Russian Prime Minister also said Russia-U.S. relations were at the lowest point in decades now and the United States has declared Russia its enemy,  not just opponent  by imposing new sanctions, according to RIA. 
Trump keeps saying that  bad people,  a.k.a radical Islamic terrorist groups, are happy that he s been unable to keep immigrants, refugees and travelers from seven Middle Eastern countries from coming into the U.S. But that s not what makes them happy. What makes them happy is actually that Trump is in the White House. He s a bumbling idiot who s going to piss off so many Muslims that these groups feel they won t have any trouble recruiting and growing, and throwing off the shackles of the  oppressive West. Al Qaeda s leader in Yemen has already expressed his sheer joy at Trump s bungled raid there. Hezbollah has joined the fray, too, saying something that should be offensive as all hell to Trump: We are very optimistic that when an idiot settles in the White House and boasts about his idiocy, this is the beginning of relief for the oppressed around the world. One of the reasons they feel optimistic is likely the fact that Trump is busy pissing off the entire world, which will galvanize various groups into working together assuming enough of the world gets angry.There are squillions of theories out about why these groups hate us so much, such as the anti-Muslim propaganda that s been circulating here with growing frequency over the last 15 years. Many people the world over view that kind of propaganda as coming from our government, and now, with Trump, that view has been vindicated.Trump is a master of anti-brown people propaganda to the point where terrorist groups like Al Qaeda and ISIS have used him in recruiting videos. He s said  Islam hates us,  and claimed we would  wipe out Islamic terrorist groups.  Four Islamic non-profit organizations have rejected federal funding intended to help them fight radicalization because of Trump. They feel that both the funds and Trump himself merely promote hatred, fear and intolerance, and that he s declared war on Muslims.There s much more, too. Trump is pigeonholing Muslims as a naturally violent group that must be exterminated. It alienates Muslims of every stripe. So really, is it any wonder that Hezbollah or anyone else is happy that Trump was elected? He s helping their cause. Trump is making things more dangerous for us. He will never do anything that will make us safer.Featured image by Chris Kleponis via Getty Images
LONDON (Reuters) - British counter-terrorism police said they had arrested a woman on Wednesday under the Official Secrets Act. The 65-year-old woman was contracted to carry out work for a government department, they added, without elaborating. She was being held at a south London police station while officers searched an address in north London. No further details were immediately available. 
A gun-toting white conservative male showed up at a memorial for Alton Sterling, the black Louisiana man who was shot and killed by a pair of police officers.One of the demonstrators at the Triple S Food Mart in Baton Rouge said she believed the man appeared with a firearm strapped to his side in order to  provoke  the crowd.21-year-old Jake David provoked an angry response from those assembled at the scene of Sterling s death. One told him  Get out of here, crazy white boy! He spoke to the Huffington Post about why he was on the scene:Approached by HuffPost, David said he came to the demonstration to practice his Second Amendment rights, offer protection and show the community  white people are not crazy. It s hard to help when you have people complain about their rights being taken and at the same time they re trying to take yours,  David said.  I understand it, but it s not my protest, it s theirs. Echoing many gun-obsessed conservatives, David explained why he carried a gun: I carry it everywhere. If there s not a sign on the door, it s not a school, a church or government building, it s on my hip. It s not just for my own protection, I don t want to see anybody get hurt. In fact, many statistics indicate that a gun owner like David is far more likely to hurt himself or a member of his family rather than be the star of an action movie come to life. The police officers who were slain in Dallas, Texas, were trained in firearms far more than the average civilian and yet were at the mercy of a single gunman.Alton Sterling was killed after the cops confronted him while he sold CDs on the sidewalk. The body cameras on both officers conveniently failed to record the incident, but observers with cell phone cameras caught the shots fired.Featured image via screen capture
(Reuters) - Pennsylvania Governor Tom Wolf on Wednesday signed into law new measures to expand the sale of bottled wine to certain private stores, a move that could generate millions in state revenues through taxes and licensing fees. Pennsylvania is one of just two U.S. states, along with Utah, with full control over its liquor sale system - owning and operating retail and wholesale operations. “This is truly a historic day for Pennsylvania and the most significant step the commonwealth has taken to reform our liquor system in 80 years,” Wolf said in a statement. The new legislation, passed by lawmakers on Tuesday, moves wine sales beyond the state’s publicly run system, allowing supermarkets, convenience stores, restaurants and hotels that already have licenses for carry-out beer to sell up to four bottles of wine to customers. [nL1N18Z1W7] It also expands direct wine shipments by the case; liquor, wine and beer sales at casinos; and hours of operation at state stores, including on Sundays. The move is expected to increase retail wine sales overall and could add more than $150 million to state coffers. The Pennsylvania Liquor Control Board is the largest purchaser of wine and spirits in the United States. The state has an 18 percent liquor tax. 
Hillary fights back a cough at a tiny rally in Ft. Pierce, Florida:https://twitter.com/Always_Trump/status/781909679001706496Here she is starting to walk down the stairs when she realizes she needs assistance. Can someone get this liar a walker?Steps are the enemy of people with Parkinson's.#HillarysHealthpic.twitter.com/iEJgEBZAPB#ClintonScandals #FollowTheMoney@realDonaldTrump  Boca Vista (@bocavista2016) September 30, 2016Meanwhile, Trump is speaking to thousands of people packed into the Suburban Showcase in the blue state of MI, where people waited in the rain for hours to get the chance see him. 
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - About 900 U.S. State Department officials signed an internal dissent memo protesting a travel ban by U.S. President Donald Trump on refugees and travelers from seven Muslim-majority countries, a source familiar with the document said on Tuesday, in a rebellion against the new president’s policies. A senior State Department official confirmed the memorandum had been submitted to acting Secretary of State Tom Shannon through the department's "dissent channel," a process in which officials can express unhappiness over policy (bit.ly/2jOYW0y). White House spokesman Sean Spicer said on Monday he was aware of the memo but warned career diplomats that they should either “get with the program or they can go.”  A draft of the dissent memo seen by Reuters argued that the executive order would sour relations with affected countries, inflame anti-American sentiment and hurt those who sought to visit the United Spates for humanitarian reasons. It said the policy “runs counter to core American values of non-discrimination, fair play and extending a warm welcome to foreign visitors and immigrants. Trump on Friday signed an executive order that temporarily  bans refugees and people from seven Muslim-majority countries, sparking tumult at U.S. airports and protests in major American cities. The ban affects Iran, Iraq, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and Yemen. Even before the executive order on immigration was issued, concern among State Department officials had been growing over news reports that Trump was about to ease sanctions against Russia, said one State Department official said, speaking on condition of anonymity. The resignation of at least four top State Department officials, including Under Secretary for Management Patrick Kennedy, who formally left the department on Tuesday, also caused some unease among diplomats who worried about a power vacuum.  (This story corrects immigrants to travelers in first paragraph) 
https://youtu.be/7oOhwHG2Gb4
Oops. While the media is still talking about the fact that Donald Trump refuses to release his tax returns, his campaign has revealed that his vice presidential pick will be much better vetted than the man wanting the top of the ticket. His VP candidates will have to show their tax returns.Here s the video:Trump defenders will make the point that showing tax returns is not a legal requirement to run for president, but most do and there are good reasons for it, especially with a candidate like Trump.Trump s entire campaign, and his following, has been built upon the idea that he s a magician with money. He s such a money maven he can force unwilling governments to build a wall against their own people. Trump talks a lot, but without seeing his tax returns, we have no idea how much money he has and how he is spending that money. This, while he s demanding complete transparency from Hillary Clinton, and now, from his VP candidates.The MSNBC report went on to say that Trump doesn t particularly care about his VP pick s views on any given issue   that there won t be a litmus test on abortion, LGBT rights or any of the other hot-button issues, but based on all around views.It is pretty normal that Trump would require the tax returns of any candidate, but face it, the odds of his Vice President having the nuclear codes or the keys to the treasury are pretty slim. It s Trump that people are being asked to support, not some, as of now, vague idea of a VP candidate. This is a bit like the twice divorced candidate demanding that his VP pick be married to his or her (probably his) first spouse. It s like Trump demanding that they have a great haircut or like him demanding decorum from his picks. Trump is asking his VP picks to jump through more hoops than he will. This is just more proof that Trump is running for dictator, not president.Featured image via Andrew Burton at Getty Images
As the first African-American President, Obama knows that white America wouldn t have tolerated him as an angry black man, which is much of the reason he seems to never go far enough for progressives, especially some African-American progressives like Cornel West. The presidency is far from Obama s final act, though. Once he s out of office, he said in an interview with Vanity Fair, he ll be speaking out a lot more and likely doing things that he can t do while in office.Obama sat down with presidential historian Doris Kearns Goodwin for the interview, which was published on Friday.The walls of the private dining room where the interview was conducted didn t have past presidents. Instead, there were pictures of black civil rights leaders like Nelson Mandela, Martin Luther King, Jr. and of John Lewis during the 1965 march on Selma. Still, though, Obama s role model is Abraham Lincoln. My particular passion for Lincoln, though, dates back from my earliest memories of politics. And we ve talked about this before that there s no one who I believe has ever captured the soul of America more profoundly than Abraham Lincoln has.Not just his biography, of somebody who genuinely rose from nothing, self-taught, striking out along the borders of our Great Frontier. Somebody who worked with his hands and then worked with his mind, and somehow became one of the greatest writers in the English language. And I think, most importantly, somebody who was able to see humanity clearly, see the fundamental contradictions of the American experiment clearly, and yet still remain hopeful and still remain full of humor, and still have a basic sympathy for the human condition, even in the midst of a terrible war and having to make terrible decisions. And having a forgiving spirit. While Obama seems to have loved his time in office, he does regret some of the  institutional constraints  that might limit him from being who he wants to be. On the other hand, there are things he feels he can only accomplish once outside of office: Having had this office has given me this incredible perch from which to see how the world works. The power of the office is unique and it is a humbling privilege. With that power, however, also comes a whole host of institutional constraints. There are things I cannot say. There are things   that I cannot say, not out of any political concerns, but out of prudential concerns of the office. There are institutional obligations I have to carry out that are important for a president of the United States to carry out, but may not always align with what I think would move the ball down the field on the issues that I care most deeply about. Ex-President role models couldn t be any different. Perhaps the most respected post presidency, at least in modern times, would have to be Jimmy Carter s. He s dedicated his life to building homes for those who most need them and to social justice around the world. Bill Clinton has the Clinton Foundation, and the Bushes and Reagan, well, they retired into near obscurity.Obama is still young, though, at just 55. He will potentially have decades to finish his community organizing, only on a grander scale, or really, whatever he wants to do. You can be sure that no matter what he does, he will be working to try to make lives better for his fellow African-Americans, an in turn, his fellow Americans.Featured image via Win McNamee/Getty Images. 
Some people believe that Trump is  journaling  his thoughts by posting on Twitter. He s being transparent, they say.What these people fail to realize is, maybe sharing his thoughts to the entire world isn t the best idea.Or, maybe it is a good idea. We get to really see what kind of man Trump is while he shoots himself in the foot.According to Fortune, Donald Trump s tweets about his  travel ban  helped convince an appeals court to block the controversial plan once again. It s the second time his own comments have helped the courts knock down the executive order.The 9th Circuit Court of Appeals came to a decision on Monday, ruling that Trump s attempt to block immigration from six predominantly Muslim countries  exceeded the scope of the authority delegated to him by Congress. In their ruling, the judges cited a tweet from the President that was posted after the recent terrorist attack in London. In this tweet, Trump stated that the U.S. needed a travel ban  for certain dangerous countries. President Trump s tweets continue to be cited in court decisions. This from the 9th circuit just now: pic.twitter.com/4qN3thefAq  Matt Viser (@mviser) June 12, 2017Gee. I wonder which countries he means.Trump didn t stop at one tweet about the ban, either. Trump also tweeted that he supported his original order, not the  watered down, politically correct version  that his own advisers had convinced him to sign.The Justice Dept. should have stayed with the original Travel Ban, not the watered down, politically correct version they submitted to S.C.  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 5, 2017No matter what way they try to spin it, we all know that Trump means a disgusting Muslim ban. He even outright admitted it by saying he does not support the  politically correct version . And even that  politically correct version  was a bunch of crap, too.Luckily, the courts recognize this. The Order seeks to ban people from specific countries, but it does not provide any link between an individual s nationality and their propensity to commit terrorism or their inherent dangerousness,  the judges said.  In short, the Order does not provide a rationale explaining why permitting entry of nationals from the six designated countries  would be detrimental. Source: FortuneKicking yourself now for stating that Trump s tweets are official White House statements, aren t you, Spicer?Like I said   there s obvious good from Trump s Twittering. Trump helped stopped his travel ban executive order once again.Featured Image by Alex Wong/Getty Images
WOW! This is the kind of woman the Republican Party has needed on their team for a long time. No more Mrs. Nice Guy Carly takes off the gloves and hits back hard against this liberal dummy who doesn t even realize she s about to enter an unfair fight 
TUZ KHURMATU, Iraq (Reuters) - On the eve of the historic referendum on independence, Kurds across the region were celebrating. Young people honked their horns and shot celebratory gunfire into the air of major cities.   But not in Tuz Khurmatu, an Iraqi town of more than 100,000 that is violently split among Kurds and Shi ite Turkmen, who oppose Monday s referendum.   I hope the referendum will be canceled,  said Luay, a Turkman shopkeeper in Tuz.  If they don t, the Kurds will take over by force and there won t be any Turkmen or Arabs left.  The town is part of the disputed territories, ethnically mixed areas in northern Iraq claimed by both the central government in Baghdad and the autonomous Kurdish government in the north. Each side has tried to consolidate their power over the town since the U.S.-led invasion of Iraq in 2003.   Kurdish officials have insisted throughout the referendum campaign that all residents of the disputed territories   including Kurds, Arabs, Turkmen and other minorities   would be allowed to vote.  However, by Sunday afternoon, the ballot boxes had yet to be distributed throughout the rundown town, which local Kurdish officials attributed to a lack of security forces able to help deploy them safely.  Plans had been made to have polling stations in all neighborhoods, said Arslan Ali, a local representative of Barzani s Kurdistan Democratic Party (KDP), which has been pushing for the referendum.  We will make it happen,  Ali said. This was unlikely, since Tuz Khurmatu is unmistakably split: while Kurdish Peshmerga forces control a Kurdish half, Iran-backed Shi ite paramilitary groups (PMF) control the Turkmen neighborhoods.   We will not let them approach the Turkmen areas,  said Mohammed Mahdi al-Bayati, a senior leader in the Badr Organization, the preeminent PMF force in the area.  They want to seize the disputed territories, but we will not let them.   A decision by Kurdish President Massoud Barzani to include these ethnically mixed areas in the plebiscite was widely interpreted as a unilateral move to consolidate Kurdish control.  When Islamic State militants overran about one third of Iraq in 2014, the Kurds seized the moment and took over vast areas in northern Iraq, left vulnerable by a fleeing Iraqi army. Peshmerga fighters moved deeper into the disputed territories, including Tuz Khurmatu, which they defended against the militants. But this ignited the Shi ite Turkmen s fears of being subjected to Kurdish rule. Though PMF-led Turkmen worked together to push Islamic State militants out of Tuz Khurmatu, ultimately the fragile coalition fell apart and led to open hostilities.  The referendum will be the start of a crisis in the disputed territories,  al-Bayati said, at a his organization s base in Tuz Khurmatu, where it has been based since 2014. Asked whether his forces would move to prevent such a crisis, al-Bayati made only veiled reference to looming violence:  There will be conflict for sure within 24 hours of the referendum.  Walking through the Turkmen neighborhood of Aksu, solid-black flags flutter alongside banners with Shi ite iconography, a reminder of the somber month of Muharram. The area used to house the main market, where both ethnic groups used to trade. It is now encased in blast walls and guarded by PMF fighters. According to Turkmen residents and shopkeepers, Kurdish shops and houses were burned down, forcing Kurds to move out.  I used to like that it was mixed neighborhood,  said Luay, the Turkman shopkeeper.  But then the Kurds killed my brother on this street.  A five-minute drive away is the rival Kurdish market, where tricolour Kurdish flags were flying high. It was established by Kurds afraid of the old market.   I used to have lots of Turkmen and Arab friends,  said Shalaw, a Kurdish toyshop owner.  Many of the Turkmen have since joined (the PMF), and I m afraid to cross the city border to go and see them. I ll be killed.  Like other Kurds interviewed in the market in al-Jumhuriyah, Shalaw lamented Tuz Khurmatu s split, which he blamed on the PMF s arrival. But he said he will vote for independence on Monday.  Badr leader Al-Bayati cynically said the referendum suited his group s interests.  Iraq is against the Kurds, so are the Turks, the Iranians, the whole Arab region and Europe. They are going to live in a cage.  
Beginning in 2011, Republican-controlled states began setting up what they claim is a system to identify voters who have voted in more than one place.As reported on Democracy Now, at least 27 states began using an interstate  cross-checking system,  which identifies voters whose names appear on the voter rolls in more than one state.Investigative reporter Greg Palast was able to access the list of flagged voters, which has now grown to include more than seven million names.As Palast explains during a recent episode of Redacted Tonight, not a single person whose name appears on the list of flagged voters has been prosecuted for voter fraud.In fact, none of the people whose names have been removed from the voting rolls for  suspected voter fraud  has even been reported for further investigation.That s because Republicans know that this system does not identify people who are voting multiple times, as they claim it does.After reviewing the list firsthand, Palast discovered that it is made up of voters who have very common names; for example, Joe Smith.While it would be surprising if a name like Joe Smith didn t appear multiple times on several state voter rolls, the system flags any voter who  appears to be registered twice.  Worse, it even flags voters who may have the same first and last name as another person, but an entirely different middle name.Not surprisingly, the interstate cross-check system overwhelmingly impacts minority and Democratic voters.During a March 10, 2016 interview with Lee Camp, Palast described the likely impact of the interstate  crosscheck  system on the 2016 election.Watch the interview below:Palast first began sounding the alarm over inaccuracies in the interstate  crosscheck  system in 2014.A thirty-minute special report titled  Jim Crow Returns: Interstate  Crosscheck  Program threatens Millions of Voters,  provides a closer look at the list of voters who have been impacted by the bogus system.Watch the full report below, via Greg Palast on YouTube:Millions of voters are likely to be kicked from the voter rolls between now and November, if they haven t been already.One of the most important things voters can do to protect their voting rights is regularly check their status as a registered voter.As we get closer to the general election, republicans will step up their efforts to disenfranchise as many democratic voters as possible.Lee Camp s third video in the series Seven Ways To Beat The Ballot Bandits drives the point home:Go here to find out what else you can do to preserve and protect your vote.Image credit: video screen capture via Greg Palast on youtube
(Reuters) - The Trump administration s effort to combat violence and poverty in Central America will not mean greater militarization in Honduras, the country s president, Juan Orlando Hernandez, said in an interview. Under a plan formulated by U.S. President Donald Trump s chief of staff John Kelly when he was secretary of Homeland Security, the United States is seeking to shore up Central America by financing development projects and getting Mexico to do more to stem the flow of immigrants from the region. Non-governmental organizations and think tanks have voiced concern that the plan, pitched as an effort to boost Central American economic growth, could instead herald a greater militarization in a violent region where coups and gang killings have been commonplace. Central America is one of the most violent regions on earth, though the murder rate in Honduras fell to 59 killings per 100,000 people last year from 90.4 in 2012.  But the Trump administration has not provided any increase in military support aside from police training and a modest bump in support from USAID, Hernandez told Reuters during an interview in New York. Still, Honduras  president says the relationship between the United States and Honduras is  probably better than ever,  noting improved cooperation Hernandez believes will boost investment and security in the Central American region.  We are closer than before,  Hernandez said.  It is really important for them what s going on with Central America and we are working together on economic growth, which is very important, investment, creating jobs and we are working together on security.  Hernandez said the security of Honduras was of a primary interest to Americans, even if they were not completely aware of it.  We have a saying (in Honduras),  If the people in Washington realize that lack of security, lack of preparedness in Central America is dangerous, very dangerous for the U.S. they have to work together with us to create in Central America a region of prosperity, investment, opportunities,  he said.  That s going to be one of the best investments of the (American) people, in their best interest and in ours.  Additionally, Honduras will continue to work with the International Monetary Fund, Hernandez said, provided his government is victorious in this year s election. The IMF recently finished a review mission in the country. 
For months concerns have been expressed about the ability of the Democratic Party to duplicate the voter enthusiasm expressed for President Obama in his successful 2008 and 2012 campaigns. Getting historic turnout among young and black voters was seen as the most difficult task facing whoever becomes the Democratic nominee, whether it is Bernie Sanders or Hillary Clinton.But now a new poll from Democracy Corps shows that the Democratic secret turnout weapon may be embedded in the Republican Party: Donald Trump.As this chart shows, interest in the 2016 presidential campaign has soared among each of the key Democratic constituent groups minorities, millennials, and single white women: What you see in this chart,  says Democratic pollster Stanley Greenberg of Democracy Corps,  is big engagement since last December among not only core Democratic groups, but also the swing electorate like college[-educated] women who usually split fairly evenly between the parties. Greenberg goes on to tell Bloomberg that the jump in support from these core Democratic-leaning groups  means we re getting closer and closer to an earthquake election. As if that wasn t sad enough news for Republicans, the poll was conducted March 17-24, before Trump made his comments this week that women would have to be  punished  for having abortions if, as the Republican Party desires, abortion is outlawed in America. The line has been slammed by both the Sanders and Clinton campaigns, who point out that women should not be sent to prison or worse for making their own choices about their personal health care.Republican Party insiders are in a full panic about Trump, as poll after poll shows him losing to the Democrats now by double digits. States that have been considered safe Republican territory   like Georgia   could be in play due to Trump s historically high unpopularity across multiple demographics. A recent poll showed Trump losing to Clinton even with white voters, which was thought to be his one area of strength, at least amongst men.An earthquake, indeed.Featured image via YouTube
(Reuters) - A New Jersey judge plans to decide by Friday whether to dismiss a citizen’s criminal complaint accusing Governor Chris Christie of a role in the “Bridgegate” lane-closure scandal. Prosecutors in Bergen County told Judge Bonnie Mizdol on Wednesday that the case should be tossed on procedural grounds because a different judge who permitted it to advance failed to give Christie’s lawyers an opportunity to speak at an earlier hearing. A lawyer for Christie also urged Mizdol to throw out the complaint filed by Bill Brennan, a retired firefighter and activist who recently announced a long-shot bid to succeed the governor in this fall’s election. Christie did not attend the hearing in Hackensack, New Jersey. Brennan has accused Christie of knowing about a scheme to shut down access lanes at the George Washington Bridge in 2013 to punish a local mayor for failing to endorse his reelection campaign. Two former Christie associates were convicted in November of federal charges for orchestrating the plot. Christie has denied any knowledge of or involvement in the plan, but U.S. prosecutors presented evidence at trial suggesting he was at least aware of the lane closures while they were happening. Brennan filed the complaint in municipal court in Fort Lee, where the closures occurred. In October, Judge Roy McGeady referred the complaint to prosecutors to determine whether enough evidence existed to support criminal charges against Christie. Christie’s lawyer, Craig Carpenito, said in a court filing that the matter should never have gotten that far, calling it “a political stunt from a now-declared candidate for governor.” Brennan has said he will refile his complaint if Mizdol, the top judge in Bergen County, decides to dismiss it. Last month, Mizdol denied Brennan’s request to have an independent prosecutor assigned to the case. “As of now the defendant controls the prosecutor,” Brennan said in an email after the hearing, “and that is a dangerous place for us to be standing.” Despite Christie’s denials, the scandal dogged his failed bid for the Republican presidential nomination. He was once seen as a possible cabinet appointee for U.S. President-elect Donald Trump until the conviction of his former allies prompted a fresh round of negative attention. Bridget Kelly, a former Christie chief of staff, and Bill Baroni, a former Port Authority of New York and New Jersey executive appointed by the governor, are trying to have their convictions overturned.
Yeah about that whole Trump not matching up to Hillary in the general election thing  If there is a mass exodus from the Democrat party, who will be left to vote for the Benghazi liar? Thousands of Massachusetts Democrats have denounced their party affiliations since January 1 to jump across the aisle and join the ranks of Independent or Republicans.Nearly 20,000 Bay State Democrats, or 1.3 percent of the party s Massachusetts population, left to vote in the Republican primary Tuesday. More than 16,300 of that group have  unenrolled  or become Independent voters, while 3,500 have joined the GOP.Mass. Secretary of State William Glavin attributed the switches to the  Trump phenomenon.  The billionaire candidate has a significant lead over fellow top contenders Marco Rubio and Ted Cruz in recent state polls. The tenor of the Republican campaign has been completely different from what we ve seen in prior Republican presidential campaigns,  Galvin said.  You have to look no farther than the viewership for some of the televised debates. Via:Washington Examiner
BRUSSELS (Reuters) - The European Commission on Wednesday voiced fresh concerns over Poland s plans to reform its courts and EU lawmakers accused Warsaw of promoting intolerance, reflecting deep fears for the rule of law in the country. Poland s nationalist, socially conservative ruling party, Law and Justice (PiS), in power since late 2015, is at loggerheads with the EU over its push to bring the courts and state media under more direct government control, as well as over migration and the logging of a primeval forest. PiS says the court reforms are needed for Poland s moral renewal and accuses the EU of heavy-handed meddling in the country s affairs. Critics say the changes threaten judicial independence and spell an erosion of democratic standards. PiS-allied President Andrzej Duda unexpectedly vetoed two of the government s judicial reforms in July and presented his own version of these draft laws, infuriating PiS leader Jaroslaw Kaczynski and precipitating a power struggle in the ruling camp. The European Commission s deputy head, Frans Timmermans, told the European Parliament on Wednesday that even the draft laws proposed by Duda - which would row back somewhat from the options for direct government interference in the judiciary envisaged in the original PiS bills - were not acceptable.   At this preliminary stage of our assessment, the Commission already notes that certain issues in these draft laws could raise serious concerns,  Timmermans told EU lawmakers in their fifth debate on concerns about the rule of law in Poland. Timmermans urged Warsaw to align the drafts with EU democratic on judicial independence. EU concerns about developments in Poland escalated after a nationalist rally in Warsaw at the weekend that saw participants, their faces covered, waving banners bearing anti-Semitic, racist and xenophobic slogans such as  pure blood, clear mind  and  Europe will be white or uninhabited . Both Duda and Kaczynski condemned the racist banners but the government defended the march itself, held to mark the 99th anniversary of Polish independence. On Wednesday, Foreign Minister Witold Waszczykowski said the march, an annual occurrence since 2010, was valuable and important for stirring patriotism and love for Polish history.   There were incidents, it is true, there were banners and slogans that should not be there (...). The incidents are of course, reprehensible,  Waszczykowski told reporters. But, he added, the reaction of some politicians and some global media had been  manipulated  and  extremely  exaggerated.  It is not based on facts, it is based on fake news. I did not see any banners condemning the Jews, for example (...) There were references to migrants or refugees, but I did not hear of any anti-Semitic behavior.   Interior Minister Mariusz Blaszczak, who ordered no detentions or arrests of nationalists who displayed white supremacy slogans, though some counterprotesters were detained, said he  didn t see  any racist banners and thought the Independence Day rally had passed in  a very good atmosphere . Prime Minister Beata Szydlo told the conservative wpolityce.pl news portal on Wednesday that Poland is  free  of anti-Semitism and racism.  Marginal incidents should not be identified with the whole nation,  she said.     But the International Auschwitz Council, an advisory body to Szydlo s office, said it was alarmed about the resurgence of racist and anti-Semitic attitudes and public hate speech.  Knowing the tragic history of Auschwitz-Birkenau, there is no doubt where it can lead,  it said in a statement.  We therefore appeal to European governments for a strong response and effective countermeasures.  Many members of the European Parliament on Wednesday joined Jewish and human rights groups in expressing alarm at the attitudes on display during the Nov. 11 rally.  This was happening in Warsaw, in Poland, at less than 350 kilometers from Auschwitz and Birkenau,  said Guy Verhofstadt, head of the EU parliament s liberal group, referring to the Nazi death camp set up in occupied Poland where more than a million people, mostly Jews, were killed during World War Two.  Poland could still be a leader in Europe, but has degraded itself... by politicizing the constitutional court, curtailing civil society, muzzling the free media,  he said. Amnesty International echoed that criticism.  The Polish government is... increasingly restricting the freedom of assembly and expression, while peddling dangerously xenophobic rhetoric,  AI researcher Barbora Cernusakova said.     EU lawmakers voted by 438 to 152 against to demand that the 28 member states punish Warsaw by triggering Article 7 of the EU treaty, a procedure that could lead to Warsaw losing its voting rights in the bloc. Such a move is highly unlikely as it requires unanimity and Poland s ally Hungary, whose right-wing government is also under fire from Brussels, has promised to block any sanctions. A more likely punishment would be reducing the generous  development funds Poland receives from the EU. The Polish foreign ministry rejected the criticism from Timmermans and the European Parliament, accusing them of stigmatizing an EU member state.  There is nothing happening in Poland that would demand a debate by 700 members of the European Parliament,   Waszczykowski told reporters. 
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Donald Trump Jr. sought on Thursday to clarify his remark that the media would be “warming up the gas chamber” if the Republican Party behaved the same way as the Democrats during the U.S. presidential campaign, saying it was a reference to capital punishment, not the Nazi-led Holocaust. Trump, the son of Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump, spoke to NBC News after the Anti-Defamation League, which combats anti-Semitism, asked him to retract his statement. “Trivialization of the Holocaust and gas chambers is NEVER okay,” the Anti-Defamation League tweeted. John Podesta, the chair of Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton’s campaign, told reporters on a call that the wording of Trump’s remark was “extremely insensitive, divisive and probably pretty consistent with the kind of rhetoric he heard around the house when he was growing up.” “I think it’s never acceptable to use language like that,” Podesta added. Nazis used gas chambers during World War Two to kill millions of Jews imprisoned in European concentration camps. Trump made the “gas chamber” remark during an interview with a Philadelphia radio station on Thursday morning to explain how the media would react if the Republican Party had intervened in the nominating contest the way the Democratic Party has been accused of doing to benefit Clinton over former party rival U.S. Senator Bernie Sanders. “Without the media, this wouldn’t even be a contest, but the media has built her up, they’ve let her slide on every discrepancy, on every lie, on every DNC game, trying to get Bernie Sanders out of the thing,” Trump said.  “If Republicans were doing that, they’d be warming up the gas chamber right now,” the nominee’s son added. Trump’s campaign said the uproar over the comment was another example of bias among the media covering the presidential campaign. “Don Jr. was clearly referring to capital punishment to make the case that the media continues to take words out of context in order to serve as the propaganda arm of the Hillary Clinton campaign,” Trump spokesman Jason Miller said in an email. 
Despite repeatedly claiming that he will be tough on crime, Donald Trump s weekend escapades to Mar-a-Lago are literally forcing the Secret Service to do less crime-fighting.The Secret Service does not merely exist to protect presidents and their families. They perform other duties as well that keep America safe such as busting currency counterfeiters, searching for missing and exploited children, and cybercrimes.But instead of doing that part of the job, the Secret Service is being forced to abandon those responsibilities in order to spend more time and money on presidential security. And it s all because Trump refuses to stop going to his Mar-a-Lago resort in Palm Beach every single freaking weekend.According to the Washington Post, the Secret Service asked for an additional $60 million for their budget to fund security for Trump Tower in New York City because Melania Trump refuses to move into the White House. The extra funding would also go towards the security requirements necessary for when Trump goes to Florida to play golf.But the White House budget office denied the request. You know, because Trump actually doesn t give a shit about fighting crime.So the Secret Service is being forced to cut funding from their criminal investigation wing, which will likely lead to a rise in those criminal activities because the Secret Service won t be able to do their job effectively.Trump s vacations to Mar-a-Lago costs taxpayers $3 million every weekend and so far, Trump has only stayed in Washington one weekend since taking the oath of office. In fact, it was the weekend after taking the oath that Trump chose not to go to Palm Beach.Speaking of Palm Beach, despite promising to create jobs, Trump s frequent visits to Mar-a-Lago on the taxpayer s dime is taking a toll on local businesses there because all the extra security measures are causing businesses to lose money. Local taxpayers have also had to spend money on extra security for Trump, which has forced the Palm Beach city council to consider a measure that would slap a tax on Trump to help reimburse the city.And at the rate Trump is going back and forth between Washington and Palm Beach, he will likely force the Secret Service to blow their entire budget well before the next fiscal year commences. Trump is on pace to take more vacation days in one year than President Obama did in eight, and Trump s vacation time will cost taxpayers even more.So not only are taxpayers losing money, the American people are losing a crucial element of our ability to fight crime in this country. Not only can counterfeit money flow to fund multiple criminal endeavors, it can hurt the economy by flooding it with too much currency and would hurt the reputation of the dollar. If other nations and businesses can t trust the authenticity of our money, the whole system could suffer greatly.Perhaps the Secret Service would be better off choosing to not protect Trump so much. After all, he s the one making their job more difficult than it should be. And frankly, if Trump wants more Secret Service protection he should have to pay for it himself if he continues to insist that he be a part-time president.Featured image via Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images
A spokesman for the Secret Service told The Gateway Pundit the agency is aware of the comment by aging pop star Madonna made at a large liberal women s protest against President Donald Trump held in Washington, D.C., Saturday, that she has  thought an awful lot about blowing up the White House.  The spokesman said an investigation would be opened but that the decision to prosecute rests with the U.S. Attorney s office.Madonna told tens of thousands of angry liberals at the March for Women in DC:  I m angry. Yes, I am outraged. Yes, I have thought an awful lot about blowing up the White House. But I know that this won t change anything.Here s the sickening moment the aging, irrelevant pop-star thought it was pretty cool to say she s,  thought and awful lot about blowing up the White House. 
It was only a matter of time We can t keep our borders open to anyone who cares to cross over, offer them immunity from the law in sanctuary cities that basically give criminals the ability to move around freely and expect a positive result. We asked for it when most American citizens sat back and allowed Obama to bully our border agents into submission, while shaming our government officials and law enforcement agencies for daring to demand stricter immigration controls. There s a good reason Donald J. Trump rose to the top of the packed GOP Presidential field when he mentioned building a wall on our southern border and clamping down on the insane flow of unvetted immigrants and refugees into the United States.Hillary is on the same team as Obama when it comes to unchecked illegal immigration. BRENTWOOD, N.Y.   Four dead teenagers. Two weeks. One town. And a ruthless gang, the authorities say, was most likely responsible for the toll. Again.On Sept. 13, Nisa Mickens, 15, and her best friend, Kayla Cuevas, 16, were murdered, their battered bodies found near an elementary school here. A week later and just two miles away, the skeletal remains of two more teenagers   identified as Oscar Acosta, 19, and Miguel Garcia-Moran, 15   were found in the woods near a psychiatric hospital. Oscar had been missing since May, Miguel since February. Their deaths have been ruled homicides.Brentwood, a hardscrabble town of nearly 60,000 on Long Island, 40 miles east of Manhattan, has reached another crisis point. For nearly two decades, MS-13, a gang with roots in Los Angeles and El Salvador, has been terrorizing the town, the authorities say, especially its young people. Since 2009, its members have been accused of at least 14 murders, court and police records show.School officials are scrambling. Police officers are searching. Students are frightened. Parents are anguished. It s so hard, I m hurting,  Eveylyn Rodriguez, the mother of Kayla, said last week.  I wish I could hold my daughter again. In her first interview since Kayla s funeral, Ms. Rodriguez spoke measuredly about how her daughter had been bullied by gang members inside and outside of her high school. To me, it s worse than it was before; it s everywhere,  said Ms. Rodriguez, a 1987 graduate of Brentwood Ross High School, where her daughter was a student.  This is ridiculous,  she added.  We need some type of assistance to help our police officers here and see if they can come together to figure out a plan to make things better for the kids now. The path to such a plan, however, runs through a fractured Suffolk County. Its former police chief is headed to jail, its district attorney is under federal investigation and a Justice Department settlement mandated changes in the police department in 2013 after findings of bias against Latino residents.Tensions simmer here because some residents say they believe an increase in Central American migrants to town has led to the increase in gang violence. According to 2014 census figures compiled by Queens College, Brentwood s population is 68 percent Latino or Hispanic, with more than 17,000 residents claiming to be from El Salvador.Brentwood has 4,400 high school students divided into two schools, and administrators say the environment is safe. Gang members rarely present themselves in the schools,  Richard Loeschner, the principal of Brentwood Ross High School, said.  If they do, we take care of that pretty quickly. But ultimately, he said, after acknowledging that the administration knew of about 20 to 25 students in the district with possible gang affiliations, there is only so much they can do. We can t exclude a kid because we suspect they are in a gang,  Mr. Loeschner said.  That s state and federal law that they are entitled to an education. Even before the girls  murders, students were subject to random screenings with metal detectors, which have increased over the past few weeks, he added. There are no detectors at the entrances of either high school, however.Some parents were concerned that the school s response to the violence was not proactive enough. Dr. Levi McIntyre, the school superintendent, sent an email to parents warning their children not to wear royal blue, the color identified with MS-13, or clothes displaying the Salvadoran flag. A student on the way to school, he wrote, recently had his blue shirt torn off by gang members and burned.MS-13 formed in Los Angeles in the 1980s by immigrants from El Salvador escaping civil war. The abbreviation stands for Mara Salvatrucha, which roughly translates to  Salvadoran street posse. Authorities say it has been in Suffolk County since around 1998, and is organized in cliques bearing names like the Brentwood Locos Salvatruchas. Leaders gather to discuss their lines of business   extortion, prostitution, robbery, drug dealing   and to authorize the killings of chavalas, or members of rival gangs like the Bloods and Crips, court papers say.The recent murders have exacerbated disputes in the town over immigration policy, which Donald J. Trump, the Republican candidate for president, fueled during last week s debate by saying that the gangs roaming the streets were made up of illegal immigrants. There s been a huge influx, to be honest with you,  said Ray Mayo, the president of the Brentwood Association of Concerned Citizens, who added that he was upset over undocumented immigrants crowding rental properties.  It seems like a whole new set of gang members who have stirred the pot up. Two law enforcement authorities, who spoke on the condition of anonymity because of the continuing murder investigation, said that over the last several years the gang has sought to enlist recent immigrants from Central America because they are often more vulnerable to recruitment. For entire story: NYT s 
ISLAMABAD (Reuters) - The ruling Pakistan Muslim League-Nawaz (PMLN) party nominated ousted premier Nawaz Sharif as its leader on Monday, a government minister said, hours before it used its parliamentary majority to amend a law to allow him to be re-elected party chief. Sharif resigned as prime minister in July after the Supreme Court disqualified him for not declaring a source of income. He was also forced to step down as president of PML-N, though he kept control of the party and installed Shahid Khaqan Abbasi, a loyalist, as prime minister. The party s state minister for interior, Talal Chaudhry, said a parliamentary meeting of the ruling party chaired by Abbasi had nominated Sharif as its leader. He said Sharif would be formally re-elected president in a session scheduled for Tuesday.  He will become party president tomorrow, God willing,  Chaudhry said. Hours later, Pakistan s parliament amended a law to enable Sharif to re-take PML-N leadership. The amendment bill was presented by law minister Zahid Hamid and passed by lower house with a majority.   We feel very strongly Nawaz Sharif has to lead our party. He s the symbol of unity in our party,  said Rana Afzal Khan, a PML-N lawmaker. Khan said Sharif was battling to assert  civilian supremacy  and boost democracy in a nation that has been beset by military interference in politics. In protest some opposition lawmakers tore up paper copies of the Election Bill 2017, passed by the Senate last week, that allows Sharif to become the party president again despite his disqualification by the court. But the vote was more of a formality as PML-N has a vast majority.     A previous election bill barred from office someone disqualified under Article 62 and 63 of the Constitution, which was used by the courts to remove Sharif.   You are making a law for one person. You are putting the assembly on stake for one person,  said Sheikh Rashid Ahmed, the leader of Awami Muslim League, a small opposition party. Sharif on Monday appeared before an anti-corruption court and is expected to be indicted next week, along with three of his children.   The veteran leader denies any wrongdoing and has alleged there was a conspiracy against him, with senior PML-N figures pointing fingers at elements of Pakistan s powerful military. The army denies playing a role. Relations between the military and civilian establishment were strained again on Monday when the paramilitary Rangers force, nominally under the control of the interior ministry, barred Interior Minister Ahsan Iqbal from entering the National Accountability Bureau (NAB) courts where Sharif appeared. Iqbal, visibly angry, threatened to resign in protest.  I cannot be a puppet interior minister,  Iqbal said.  I am the interior minister and my subordinate force takes orders from somewhere else.        Two states cannot function in one state,  he said. 
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump will take his “America First” message to the United Nations next week and seek support for tough measures against North Korea despite his skepticism about the value of international groups like the 193-member body. Nearly eight months in office, Trump will stress his belief in the importance of national sovereignty and the limits of global organizations during his debut as U.S. president at the U.N. General Assembly, an administration official said. “Multilateral fora are useful, but they’re means, not ends,” the official said. The purpose of a multilateral forum is to be “subservient and subordinate. It is a facilitator.” White House aides say his address, to be given to heads of state and government or their representatives, is still being written and topics could change. It is likely to touch on North Korea and Iran in addition to the sovereignty theme. Friends, diplomats and foreign policy experts will be watching Trump for any signs that globalists in his White House have gained traction since the departure of nationalist champions such as former chief strategist Steve Bannon. “It will be a good measure of how successful some of the internationalists that he’s gathered around him are being in terms of muting his instincts and replacing them with their own,” said Roger Stone, a longtime Trump supporter. Trump has taken a dim view of international groups before. As a presidential candidate he called NATO obsolete and, as president, during a visit to the alliance headquarters in Brussels, he shocked U.S. allies by failing to underscore his commitment to their mutual defense.  Facing criticism, he affirmed U.S. support during a later trip to Warsaw. Trump has called for U.N. reform to bring down “out of control” costs and complained that the United States funds 22 percent of the U.N. budget and nearly 30 percent of U.N. peacekeeping duties. He will host an event at U.N. headquarters on Monday to gather global support for reforming the world body. Diplomats said more than 100 countries had agreed to attend. [nL2N1LI17E]  Still, the president’s tone towards the U.N. has been noticeably more moderate than his criticism of NATO. At a meeting of U.N. Security Council ambassadors at the White House in April, he drew a comparison between the two. “I’m a budget person. You see the way I’m talking about NATO, the same thing, but if you do a great job at the United Nations, I feel much differently about it because we’re talking pennies compared to the kind of lives and money that you’ll be saving,” he said. Trump drew widespread condemnation for his decision to withdraw the United States from the global Paris agreement on climate change. U.N. officials have criticized him for attacks on the press and for his response to violence at a white supremacist rally in Charlottesville, Virginia. He will speak on Tuesday in front of a wall of marble tiles that as a businessman he described as cheap in 2012. He pledged to replace it with “beautiful large marble slabs” if asked.  He was not asked. North Korea fired a missile on Friday that flew over Japan’s northern Hokkaido far out into the Pacific Ocean, South Korean and Japanese officials said, further ratcheting up tensions after Pyongyang’s recent test of a powerful nuclear bomb. [nL4N1LV63L] U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley has led the charge for tougher action and further sanctions against Pyongyang. Her willingness to work in the U.N. system was likely to affect Trump’s tone at the gathering, said one European diplomat, who spoke on condition of anonymity. “In her own way she spells out the ‘America First’ agenda, but she has not been hostile to the U.N.,” he said. “With this White House you don’t know: will it prevail? But I don’t expect this to be a hostile speech with the United Nations.” A former reality TV show host, Trump should expect a less responsive crowd than the ones that cheer his message at rallies in the United States, said Elliott Abrams, who was a deputy national security adviser to President George W. Bush. “One thing he’s going to find a bit surprising: it is very much like addressing an audience of the dead. It is not like any audience he’s ever addressed before,” Abrams said. Known for his unpredictability, Trump may surprise. “I don’t even think if he walked up with remarks that we would know what he’d say. I don’t think anybody does,” one former U.S. State Department official said. 
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Obama administration issued a fresh warning on Thursday about the dangers of Congress failing to pass its Asian trade deal, saying that millions of U.S. jobs could be at risk if a rival China-led trade pact is enacted. As they gear up for one last push to persuade Congress to pass the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP)in the two months following Tuesday’s elections, senior administration officials said 35 U.S. industrial sectors would lose substantial ground to Chinese competitors in the Japanese market alone. In a new study, the White House Council of Economic Advisers estimated that China’s Regional Comprehensive Economic Partnership (RECAP) trade deal would likely lower Japanese tariffs on Chinese goods by five to 10 percentage points. If TPP is shelved, U.S. companies would be stuck with Japanese tariffs averaging twice as high as their Chinese competitors. Obama administration officials have long argued that China would seize economic leadership in Asia and write lower-standard trading rules for the region if TPP fails. The White House study seeks to quantify the argument by examining the effect of likely RCEP tariff cuts by Japan.  China is negotiating RCEP with 16 Asian countries, seven of which are also signatories to the TPP agreement: Japan, Australia, New Zealand, Vietnam, Malaysia, Singapore and Brunei. “If TPP is not passed and RCEP is enacted, which is what all these countries say they are planning to do, then U.S. businesses would face a direct loss of competitive position,” said Jason Furman, the chair of the Council of Economic Advisers.  This would displace U.S. goods and be worse than simply maintaining the trade status quo, Furman said. The study identifies 35 industrial sectors employing 4.7 million people with $5.3 billion in sales to Japan that would face such a disadvantage. A broad manufacturing sector stretching from sporting goods to office supplies could see $720 million in annual sales to Japan at risk, the study said.  The administration faces an uphill battle to get a vote for TPP in Congress’ post-election “lame duck” session, due to strong anti-trade rhetoric in the presidential campaign and House Speaker Paul Ryan’s recent comments that the trade deal lacks the votes for passage. But U.S. Trade Representative Michael Froman said he is continuing to press the TPP case with individual members and working with Senate Finance Committee Chairman Orrin Hatch to ease his concerns about patent protections for biologic drugs. Froman said these efforts have been met with “a lot of receptivity”. 
Anyone who would look at these charts and still vote for Hillary or Bernie is basically saying,  I really don t care about my future, or the future of my children or grandchildren. Here is a bit more in-depth data as it relates to a few of the charts above:Food stamp increase nears record high despite low unemployment rate under Barack Obama:Despite the unemployment rate being at an eight-year low (4.9 percent as of January 2016), the number of people on food stamps remains near an all-time high which was 47,636,000 in 2013.Why the disparity in the numbers? Well, the unemployment rate does not take into account people who are not in, or have dropped out of, the workforce altogether.The Bureau of Labor Statistics reported in January of this year that approximately 94 million Americans are not participating in the workforce.But the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP) has been hovering around 46 million participants since 2011. The current figure, as of February 2016, shows average SNAP participation at 45.8 million Americans receiving food stamps in 2015.SOARING HEALTH CARE PREMIUMS Under Obamacare:Obamacare premium costs will soar 20.3 percent on average in 2016 instead of the 7.5 percent increase claimed by federal officials, according to an analysis by The Daily Caller News Foundation.The discrepancy is because the government excluded price data for three of the four Obamacare health insurance plans when the officials issued their recent forecast claiming enrollees would face only a 7.5 percent average rate increase in 2016.When data for all four plans are included, premium costs will actually rise on average 20.3 percent next year. The 2015 Obamacare price hike was 20.3 percent.Our National Debt is at $19.25 TRILLION! When Obama took office it was at $10.26 Trillion. Obama has almost DOUBLED our national debt since taking office only 7 years ago! 
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Senate overwhelmingly passed a compromise version of an annual defense policy bill on Thursday without controversial provisions such as requiring women to register for the draft or allowing contractors to make religion-based hiring decisions. Ninety-two senators backed the $618.7 billion National Defense Authorization Act, or NDAA, and seven opposed it. Because it passed the House of Representatives by a similarly large margin last week, the bill now goes to the White House for President Barack Obama to veto or sign into law. A White House spokesman told a briefing he did not yet have a position on the bill to report. The 2016 bill, the last of Obama’s presidency, includes some Republican-backed initiatives with which he has disagreed in the past. It includes a $3.2 billion increase in military spending, when there has been no similar increase in non-defense funding. The bill also bars closures of military bases, although top Pentagon officials say they have too much capacity, and it blocks planned reductions in active-duty troop numbers. And it continues policies that bar transfers of prisoners to U.S. soil from the detention center at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, which Obama had hoped to close. While his administration has shipped most inmates from the controversial prison, the Democrat is not expected to accomplish his goal of shuttering it before he leaves office Jan. 20. Obama’s successor, Republican Donald Trump, wants to keep Guantanamo open, and expand it. The NDAA passed both chambers in the Republican-led Congress with margins large enough to overcome a veto, and the compromise legislation features many provisions such as a military pay raise and an expansion of a landmark human rights bill, that are extremely popular in Congress. [L1N1E316A] After months of negotiation, the Senate and House Armed Services committees unveiled a compromise version of the NDAA last month that left out the Russell Amendment, a “religious freedom” measure Democrats said would have let federal contractors discriminate against workers on the basis of gender or sexual orientation, overturning Obama’s executive order. Some House Republicans said they hoped to revisit that provision after Trump takes office, when they do not have to worry about a veto threat from a Democratic White House. The bill also excluded a provision that would have required women to register for the military draft, now that Pentagon leaders are moving to allow them into combat. A provision recommending that the U.S. conducts yearly high-level military exchanges with Taiwan, which Beijing sees as a breakaway province, made it into the final bill. China’s defense ministry said in a statement on its official microblog on Friday that it was “firmly opposed” to the move, which would “inevitably damage U.S. interests”.   
Screaming leftists interrupted Donald Trump s speech today at the Faith and Freedom Conference in Washington DC. Trump blamed Democrats for the latest outburst. 
In case you missed it Sen. Harry Reid (R-NV), who announced last week that he will retire after his current term expires in early 2017, said he does not regret taking to the Senate floor in 2012 to accuse then-GOP presidential nominee Mitt Romney of not paying his taxes. No, I don t regret that at all,  he told CNN s Dana Bash.  The Koch brothers   no one would help me. They were afraid the Koch brothers would go after them, so I did it on my own. Bash said some viewed the charge as  McCarthy-ite,  but Reid didn t buy that explanation. He shrugged, saying,  they can call it whatever they want. Romney didn t win, did he?  Reid said somewhat amusingly.
TEHRAN (Reuters) - Iranian Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei told visiting Russian President Vladimir Putin on Wednesday that Tehran and Moscow must step up cooperation to isolate the United States and help stabilize the Middle East, state TV reported. Iran and Russia are the main allies of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad, while the United States, Turkey and most Arab states support rebel groups fighting to overthrow him. Putin met Iranian political leaders in an effort to nurture a warming relationship strengthened since U.S. President Donald Trump threatened recently to abandon the international nuclear deal with Iran reached in 2015.  Our cooperation can isolate America ... The failure of U.S.-backed terrorists in Syria cannot be denied but Americans continue their plots,  Khamenei told Putin, according to Iranian state television. Since Russia s military intervention in Syria s war in 2015, and with stepped-up Iranian military assistance, Assad has taken back large amounts of territory from rebels as well as swathes of central and eastern Syria from Islamic State militants. Moscow is now trying to build on that success with a new diplomatic initiative, including a congress of Syria s rival parties it plans in the Black Sea resort of Sochi on Nov. 18, though a major opposition bloc has refused to take part. Pragmatist Iranian President Hassan Rouhani echoed Khamenei, saying Iran and Russia together could tackle  regional terrorism  - an allusion to Sunni Muslim armed groups hostile to Iran, Assad and many other Arab states.  Our cooperation has helped the fight against terrorism in the region ... Together we can establish regional peace and security,  Rouhani said in a televised joint press conference with Putin and Azerbaijan President Ilham Aliyev, who took part in a three-way summit in Tehran. The rapprochement between Iran and Russia is worrying for both Saudi Arabia, Shi ite Muslim Tehran s main Sunni rival for dominance in the Middle East, and the United States. Putin praised cooperation with Iran as  very productive .   We are managing to coordinate our positions on the Syrian issue,  Putin said. Moscow is also an important ally for Iran in its renewed confrontation with the United States, where Trump broke ranks with major allies on Oct. 13 by de-certifying Tehran s nuclear deal with six world powers including Washington under his predecessor Barack Obama.  Trump has called the agreement  the worst deal ever negotiated  and branded Iran a  terrorist nation  for involvement in conflicts in the Middle East.  We oppose any unilateral change in the multilateral nuclear deal,  Putin told Khamenei, Iranian state TV reported.  Russia has criticized Trump s disavowal of the nuclear agreement, which has opened a 60-day window for the U.S. Congress to act to reimpose economic sanctions on Iran. These were lifted under the 2015 accord in return for Tehran curbing nuclear activity of potential use in developing an atomic bomb.  This is a very important visit (by Putin) ... It shows the determination of Tehran and Moscow to deepen their strategic alliance ..., which will shape the future of the Middle East,  an Iranian official told Reuters on condition of anonymity.  Both Russia and Iran are under American pressure ... Tehran has no other choice but to rely on Moscow to ease the U.S. pressure,  said the official. Another Iranian official said Trump s hawkish Iran policy had united the Islamic Republic s often feuding leadership - split into hardline conservative, pragmatist and reformist factions - in alignment with Russia.  During Putin s visit, Russian oil producer Rosneft and the National Iranian Oil Company agreed an outline deal to work on a number of  strategic  projects in Iran together worth up to $30 billion. The deal appeared to dovetail with Putin s strategy to reassert Russian political and economic influence in the Middle East that faded after the 1991 collapse of the Soviet Union. 
In what can only be seen as the worst attempt ever to be a George W. Bush apologist, even more so than his own brother Jeb, Sen. Marco Rubio is repeatedly touting the line that Bill Clinton is actually who we should blame for the attacks on 9/11/01.Living in his alternate reality, he fails to see that, unlike George W. Bush, who ignored intelligence and reports that indicated attacks were imminent within the United States by Osama bin Laden, Clinton actually attempted to thwart the terror mastermind s progress just years earlier. The fact that he wasn t able to rests heavy with Clinton, but to see Rubio clearly ignore Clinton s attempt, and even worse, completely ignore the fact that his beloved George W. Bush was absolutely negligent, goes beyond absurd and inaccurate to just outright pathetic.You can watch him during the GOP debate try to shift blame from Republican President Bush to Democratic President Clinton. Republicans biggest line that they try to tout is that they will be the ones to keep us safe, when reality shows it s quite the opposite.Watch here:Then the storyteller goes on Meet the Press Sunday morning, and when pressed on the lie by host Chuck Todd, Rubio doesn t backtrack, instead he doubles down.CHUCK TODD: So I m actually still not quite clear. Are you putting 9/11 on Bill Clinton?MARCO RUBIO: No, I m putting it on his decision not to take out bin Laden, absolutely. This is what happens when you have a chance to take out the leader of a terrorist organization, and you failed to do so. And the results are something like 9/11.So, yes, you are putting the blame on Bill Clinton, Rubio, and the fact that you have to meander around directly answering that answer like a used car salesman refusing to say if a car has flood damage, is more proof of that.Watch Rubio be VERY clear that he thinks Clinton is to blame:Does Rubio realize that everyone who is present in reality, and not in the bubble of the lies touted on Fox News, knows that the attacks on 9/11 occurred on George W. Bush s watch? Does he realize that he s only damaging himself and his reputation by delivering such nonsense time and time again? Bush didn t keep us safe. Plain and simple. Ignoring reality doesn t change facts.Rubio should honestly be ashamed of himself.Featured image: Video screen capture
The only thing more irritating to a woman than a mansplainer is perhaps his more dangerous cousin, the gunsplainer.TwitterTo address the horrible type of person, Cosmopolitan teamed up with Everytown for Gun Safety, a movement that aims to end gun violence, to form the campaign Singled Out to raise awareness and empower unmarried women about gun violence and the danger associated with firearms.Singledout.orgThanks to this initiative, a humorous how-to guide has been released that shows women how to deal with a man who repeatedly and condescendingly explains to a woman why she d be safer if she had a gun    also known as a  gunsplainer.  Here s the hilarious short film:It almost seems insane that an adult would make some of these arguments, but the male actor s lines echo the exact arguments that have been used by the National Rifle Association and gun nuts all over America.In the video, a gunsplainer named Gary tries to pick up a woman named Jessica in a bar. They get into a discussion about guns, and Jessica reveals she is in the service, which only eggs Gary on. Before Jessica can run away, Gary has launched into full gunsplaining mode, putting the responsibility on victims to defend themselves with guns. He reveals that he takes his guns literally EVERYWHERE with him, because  These guns are the only things standing between us and tyranny.  Soon, he s opening his jacket to reveal an entire collection of guns hanging around his torso. All the while, he s using sexist pet names like  schnookums  and  lady soldier    which only repulses Jessica even more.Toward the end, Gary actually insists that hammers were the real threat to Americans. His idiocy proves too much for Jessica to stomach, so she walks away right after Gary calls her a  pistol.  In parting, she says: Guess that s why I m going to have to shoot you down. Not only is Gary straight-up irritating, but pretty much every argument he makes is wrong. It s actually been proven that guns don t keep women safer. According to a study, women  with access to firearms become homicide victims at significantly higher rates than men.  Women in America are also 11 times more likely to be killed by a gun than women in other high-income countries. Unfortunately, there are gunsplainers like Gary all around us who are in denial of the facts and keeping America a dangerous place. Hopefully with more awareness and initiatives like Singled Out, the truth will make it through.Featured image is a screenshot
Rep. Markwayne Mullin (R-Okla.) held a town hall earlier this week and it did not go well for him. The Republican congressman told his constituents that taxpayers don t pay his salary and saying otherwise is  bullcrap. You say you pay for me to do this? That s bullcrap,  video shows Mullin saying. I pay for myself. I paid enough taxes before I got here and continue to through my company to pay my own salary. This is a service. No one here pays me to go,  he added.Go figure, no one was impressed with his remarks. When his constituents pushed back, Mullin tried to spin his comments, saying,  this is a service for me, not a career, and I thank God this is not how I make my living. Amy Lawrence, Mullin s spokeswoman, told the press that he was just trying to say that he doesn t want to be a  career politician,  that s all. The congressman reiterates in the video that his work as the representative of the Second District of Oklahoma is a service,  Lawrence said. His aspiration is to be a career legislator and not a career politician. He is not, nor does he ever aspire to be, a career politician. His priority will always be to serve his constituents to the best of his ability. Mullins owns Mullin Plumbing, a lucrative company with multiple smaller subsidiaries. But comprehending exactly how this negates the salary he earns as a congressman requires a special type of mental gymnastics. For the record, base pay for a U. S. congressman is $174,000.The good news for Mullin is that after telling his constituents that they don t pay his salary, he probably won t have to worry about the possibility of becoming a career politician.You can watch Mullin sabotage his career below: Featured image via Wikipedia
BERLIN (Reuters) - German lawmakers have protested after Wolfgang Schaeuble, the new president of the Bundestag, announced a ban on sending tweets from inside the parliament chamber. In a letter published in German media on Thursday, the former finance minister told lawmakers that  using devices to photograph, tweet or send messages from the plenary chamber is inappropriate to the proceedings of the Bundestag . German politicians are far behind other countries  in addressing voters via Twitter s short messaging service, and none comes close to U.S. President Donald Trump - but the measure has not gone unprotested.  This is not going to be the last word on the matter,  tweeted conservative lawmaker Dorothee B r, who with more than 64,000 followers is among the biggest Twitter stars of German politics, proving her adeptness with a winking smiley and a string of hashtags.  You can watch parliamentary sessions live, but we can t tweet from it,  tweeted her liberal colleague Frank Sitta.  Would a handwritten letter from inside be ok? It makes no sense!  It was not clear if either of those tweets had been sent from the parliament chamber. The backlash comes after an election which heard promises to address Germany s relative slowness in adopting the latest digital technologies. Politicians fear the industrial and export titan s strength risks being undermined by more nimble digital upstarts from Silicon Valley. During his decade at the finance ministry, Schaeuble earned a reputation for ruthlessly policing indebted euro zone states  budgets. Lawmakers chose him for his new job in the hope he would ably discipline a parliament that since September s national election is more fragmented than ever before. 
Tom Perez must not have taken the class about winning friends and influencing people. How can you win over voters with such bitterness and anger? The Democrat Party has sunk to a new low with this classless thug. Who goes out there and speaks like this? We reported (see below) on the last speech Perez gave and he said the same nasty things. What gives? Are the deems so desperate that they re now resorting to profanity-filled speeches that make false claims about Republicans and President Trump? We think it s a losing strategy!Perez has a long radical history connected to La Raza and other open borders organizations. His track record  is full on radical. e s in cahoots with Obama to continue the  fundamental transformation  of America. Anyone who s a Democrat should be shocked that he s taking the party in such a far left direction. Do your research and you ll know why he was the choice for Dem Chair.He just fired all Democrat Party staffers and is bringing in all new people. The party is clearly taking a new direction and it s not a good one for any American. DONALD TRUMP DIDN T WIN 
LONDON (Reuters) - An earthquake of magnitude 5.2 struck a town near the Iranian capital Tehran on Wednesday night, state media reported, but there were no initial reports of casualties or significant damage. Last month, a 7.3-magnitude earthquake hit villages and towns in Iran s western Kermanshah province along the mountainous border with Iraq, killing 620 people and injuring thousands of others. Authorities said they were gathering information about the latest quake, which hit in the late evening at a depth of 7 km (4 miles). They asked residents to remain calm but be prepared for possible aftershocks. The epicenter of the quake was 3 km from the city of Malard, and not far from Meshkin Dasht, which sits about 50 km west of Tehran, state news agency IRNA said. The quake was also felt in Alborz, Qazvin, Qom, Gilan and Markazi provinces, according to state media.   There have been no reports of casualties or damage,  Behnam Saeedi, a spokesman for Iran s National Disaster Management Organization, was quoted as saying by the semi-official ILNA news agency. In Tehran and other cities, residents flooded into streets and parks, fearing a stronger aftershock. Some set up tents to spend the night outside, and lit fires.  Tasnim news agency quoted Minister of Sports Masoud Soltanifar as saying sport centers in city of Karaj in Alborz province, and Eslamshahr in southern Tehran were open to the public to spend the night.  Some people also took refuge at the mausoleum of Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini, the founder of the Islamic Republic in southern Tehran. Minister of Energy Reza Ardakanian was quoted by ISNA news agency as saying that Amirkabir Dam, one hour west of Tehran, remained intact and supply of water and electricity was not disrupted in any way. Schools, universities and government offices will be closed in Tehran, Alborz and Qom provinces on Thursday, according to the state television. 
 James Burgess Oil PricePrecious metals are an important component of every investor s portfolio, and while gold often gets all the hype, another precious metal will be a much better bet in 2017: Silver.The market for silver continues to tighten as supply has failed to keep up with demand for much of the past decade. Silver is used in all facets of modern life, including electronics, medical devices, engines, batteries, solar panels, LED lighting, semiconductors, touch screens, dentistry, and nuclear reactors. The list goes on.Demand for silver is up by more than 35 percent since 2009, while supply only grew by a little more than 10 percent. In 2015 alone, global demand for silver exceeded supply by roughly 129 million ounces, or about 11 percent of overall demand. With silver consumption set to expand indefinitely, the supply deficit will continue to put upward pressure on prices in the years ahead.The set-up here is fantastic because indications are that we are on the edge of another bull run at a time when silver mining stocks are significantly undervalued. Silver prices had a good run for most of 2016, but have fallen back in recent weeks as the dollar has strengthened and uncertainty surrounding the U.S. presidential election abated. But the pause in the run up in prices will be brief, offering investors an appetizing entry point for a crucial commodity in today s globalized economy.Silver may be down 10% from its peak of $20.67 in Q3, but the sell-offs were based on sentiment, not fundamental reality and this is exactly where smart investment finds opportunity. The strongest documented indication of this is the Q3 earnings of silver miners, which only the savviest of investors are picking up on. Pan American Silver (NASDAQ:PAAS) reported Q3 earnings of an impressive US$43.4 million up US$9.2 million over the previous quarter just for starters.[ ]1. The Global Silver Lining: A Precious Metal PremiumGlobal investors are magnetically drawn to precious metals in times of uncertainty and instability. Global tensions are as high as they were in the 9/11 aftermath, when precious metals soared phenomenally as everyone hedged bets against global instability Continue this article at Oil PriceREAD MORE FINANCIAL NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Financial Files
While Republicans whine that President Obama isn t going after ISIS hard enough, a CNN host reminded them that only Congress can declare war.It s right there in Article I of the Constitution. Only Congress has the power to declare war. The president does not have that power. In order for President Obama to take on ISIS with the full resources and military strength of the Unites States, Congress must declare war.But so far, Republicans have been cowards and refused to do so, instead claiming that President Obama already has the power to go full throttle against what they claim is our most dangerous enemy today.If ISIS is such a big threat, then why not declare war?That was CNN host Chris Cuomo s question when he grilled GOP Rep. Sean Duffy on Thursday.Duffy claimed that President Obama has not done enough to defeat and destroy ISIS, including saying the magic words  radical Islamic terrorism,  and said that Republicans should hold a sit-in protest at the White House demanding he take more action. Our generals say we could take out ISIS in weeks if not months,  Duffy declared. However, that s because there would have to be ground troops involved, which means war.Duffy claimed that President Obama is responsible for the Orlando mass shooting because he hasn t pursued ISIS enough even though airstrikes have killed thousands of ISIS fighters since the terrorist organization began their rampage across the Middle East.Cuomo replied by pointing out that Republicans in Congress have the power to help President Obama prosecute the fight against ISIS but don t want to be held responsible for sending troops into battle. I don t know what you re asking for that isn t done right now,  Cuomo said.  The generals do say they can take out ISIS, but we know what they re asking for: They re asking for boots on the ground. You re part of a Congress that won t even have a vote on the authorization for use of military force against ISIS. Duffy claimed that President Obama has the  all the authority he needs  because of the power Congress gave President Bush over ten years ago. The problem, however, is that those authorizations were to fight al-Qaeda in response to the 9/11 attacks and Congress has changed significantly since then. Most of the members serving now were not around at that time. If it matters so much, why not take control of it with the power that s yours?  Cuomo asked. Duffy claimed that he would  gladly  do it.Cuomo slammed Duffy by noting that Republicans never give President Obama blanket power. All they do is obstruct him from doing anything, yet they have no problem with him overstepping his constitutional authority to wage war against an enemy Congress has not declared war on.Duffy then changed the subject back to guns and why we shouldn t do anything to prevent terrorists from legally buying guns to commit mass shootings.Here s the video via YouTube.To be blunt, Republicans have been looking for any reason to impeach President Obama ever since he first took office. So far, they haven t found any legitimate reason or they would have done it already. And that s why it s important to question why Republicans won t declare war and why they are demanding that President Obama do more against ISIS.If President Obama listened to Republicans and began waging war against ISIS complete with the use of thousands of ground troops, they would crucify him for overstepping the authority of Congress and violating the Constitution and the separation of powers. They would then be able to legitimately claim that President Obama abused his power and could then impeach him.That is the only logical reason why Republicans are so insistent that President Obama unilaterally go to war against ISIS. But President Obama is smarter than they are and has refused to take the bait.If Republicans really want America to do more in the fight against ISIS the answer is simple. They should use their constitutional authority to declare war instead of being cowards.Featured image via screen capture
The guy who wasn t funny enough to land the coveted Tonight Show gig after Johnny Carson retired, is now saying President Donald Trump, the most successful business man in New York City s history, couldn t keep a job at Dairy Queen. Does anyone else remember the last time leftist former comedian David Letterman was funny? Yeah, neither do we Former late-night television show host David Letterman says that people need to  stop whining  about President Donald Trump and instead  figure out a way  to remove him from office.Speaking in an interview Monday with The Associated Press, Letterman said he s  tired  of  people, daily, nightly, on all the cable news shows telling us there s something wrong. Instead, Letterman said,  I just think we ought to direct our resources and our energies to doing something about it. If the guy (Trump) was running Dairy Queen, he d be gone,  Letterman said.  This guy couldn t work at The Gap. So why do we have to be victimized by his fecklessness, his ignorance? Trump s behavior, the former television host said, is  insulting  to the country.  Fox NewsIsn t it funny that David Letterman didn t have any issues with inviting Donald Trump to appear on his show when he wanted the ratings. In fact, Donald Trump appeared a number of times on the Letterman Show and was always a good sport. Little did he know, comrade David was only using him to get ratings Fortunately for David Letterman, Donald Trump was always a great guest on his show. Here s a clip from a 1988 appearance. The interview starts at the 15:50 minute mark:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GmNN2MCJ-7U 
WHAT S WORSE IS THE SECOND LONGER VERSION OF THE AUDIO WHERE KERRY SPILLS THE BEANS ON HOW THE END GOAL OF CREATING ISIS WAS TO CAUSE REGIME CHANGE IN SYRIA BUT THEY DIDN T COUNT ON RUSSIA GETTING INVOLVED. LANGUAGE ALERT BELOW BUT WORTH IT:DISGRACE!John Kerry says the problem with Syria is that young Americans don t want 2 die anymore Secret Audio John Kerry Behind Closed Doors pic.twitter.com/0K4fvLuaUT  TRUMP ANOMALY (@ANOMALY1) January 3, 2017AT THE 30:00 MARK IS WHERE KERRY TALKS ABOUT SENDING AMERICANS IN TO FIGHT:THREE OBJECTIVES ARE REVEALED:They didn t count on Assad turning to Russia for help And now you know the rest of the story Read more: CT 
On Sunday, publishing company Scholastic announced that it would be removing A Birthday Cake for George Washington from shelves over criticism that the book portrayed happy slaves.In a press release, Scholastic explained that the book needed to include more context on the  evils of slavery  and that all returns would be honored. The statement read: While we have great respect for the integrity and scholarship of the author, illustrator and editor, we believe that, without more historical background on the evils of slavery than this book for younger children can provide, the book may give a false impression of the reality of the lives of slaves and therefore should be withdrawn. We do not believe this title meets the standards of appropriate presentation of information to younger children, despite the positive intentions and beliefs of the author, editor, and illustrator. The book, which was released on January 5th, happens to be about an enslaved man and his daughter faced with the task of baking President George Washington a birthday cake. Here s the cover:Scholastic s description of the story reads: Oh, how George Washington loves his cake! And, oh, how he depends on Hercules, his head chef, to make it for him. Hercules, a slave, takes great pride in baking the president s cake. But this year there is one problem   they are out of sugar. Scholastic s reaction is a complete turnaround from its previous defense of the book, which claimed the topic of slavery had been approached with the  utmost care.  Scholastic also previously claimed the book depicted the slaves being happy because they were living in  near-freedom  and simply enjoyed cooking. Scholastic even allowed the book s author, Ramin Ganeshram, to explain the intention behind the book on the publisher s blog last week as public outcry increased. Graneshram insisted that his story was based on historical research and was meant as a compliment to the slaves  resiliency and resourcefulness. Graneshram wrote: How could they smile? How could they be anything but unrelentingly miserable?  Ganeshram wrote.  How could they be proud to bake a cake for George Washington? The answers to those questions are complex because human nature is complex. Bizarrely and yes, disturbingly, there were some enslaved people who had a better quality of life than others and  close  relationships with those who enslaved them. But they were smart enough to use those  advantages  to improve their lives. Even before Scholastic made its decision to pull it, the book had over 100 one-star reviews on Amazon. At the time the announcement was made, only 12 of those reviews were positive.School Library Journal called the book  highly problematic,  advising people not to buy it. Kirkus Reviews, another trade publication, said the book was  an incomplete, even dishonest treatment of slavery. Featured image via Twitter
CNN host Fareed Zakaria explained how he thought President Donald Trump rose to power: The election of Donald Trump is really a kind of class rebellion against people like us, educated professionals who live in cities, who have cosmopolitan views about things.  WTH??? But that wasn t it Zakaria decided to further offend just about every Trump supporter out there: There s a part of America that is sick and tired of being told what to do by this overeducated population that Hillary Clinton perfectly represented. That s why they re sticking with him,  he continued.Zakaria also blamed racism and diversity on Trump s rise. He knew that the election of a black president had stirred a kind of ugly racial animus. A small subset but he knew how to get them  Zakaria said. A real sense of cultural alienation, older, white, noncollege education Americans have, a sense that their country is changing because of immigrants. Because maybe blacks are rising up to a central place in society, because gays being afforded equal rights. Because of, frankly, working women. Everybody is muscling in on the territory that the white working man had,  Zakaria said.THIS GUY HAS NO IDEA OF WHO MAKES UP AMERICA HE SHOULD BE FIRED FOR SUCH A DISGUSTING RANT!Via: WFB
The current occupant of the White House has finally accomplished something for his first 100 days in office; he s considered by American voters to be worse than the country s most hated airline. United just can t stay out of the news. In late March, a United Airlines agent at Denver International Airport stopped two teenage girls from boarding a flight because they wore leggings. Earlier this month a passenger was violently dragged from his seat and down the aisle because the flight was overbooked. That man, a doctor, had to go to the hospital after the incident. Also, earlier this month, a man on a United flight back from Mexico was falsely accused of trafficking his white daughter.Trump is even more unfavorable than United Airlines.A whopping 42 percent of those surveyed by Public Policy Polling (PPP) say they prefer United more than Trump. In contrast, 40 percent favor Trump.We re sure the former reality show star won t be touting these numbers on his Twitter timeline:Pollsters found generally negative attitudes toward United, with 47 percent viewing it unfavorably. Twenty-three percent see the airline favorably.PPP discovered Trump fares worse than United, with 52 percent of respondents considering him unfavorably and 43 percent favorably.In the survey, United was ranked as America s worst airline. The aforementioned 69-year-old doctor s attorney said his client suffered a concussion, broken nose and lost two teeth during the incident.Trump s poll numbers are abysmally low, even in other surveys. The most recent one done by Pew Research shows the alleged president still garnering historically low approval numbers for any president during his first 90 days on the job.To put this in perspective, at this same point in Barack Obama s presidency, four times as many Republicans approved of him as Democrats who approve of Trump now.There is a difference between United and Trump. United feigns to be a caring airline in its ads, then drags customers off their flights without consequence. Trump is treating people exactly as he said he would. Nothing he does comes as a surprise to any of us. That is, unless you weren t paying attention during his campaign.Photo by Alex Wong/Getty Images
We ll likely never know exactly how many people attended Donald Trump s inauguration, but despite his claims, the crowd size was much smaller than either of President Obama s inaugurations and much smaller than the Women s March on Washington in protest of Trump.Still, despite a roster of d-list entertainment and too little fanfare, Republicans have to brag that Trump set records, any record, so they found one. According to McClatchy, Trump set the record for numbers of prayers in his inauguration.While for most Americans, that statistic might elicit, at best, a yawn, Sarah Palin (yes, she has a blog now) was the one who jumped on it most enthusiastically, with this clickbait headline:Donald Trump was inaugurated yesterday as America s 45th President yesterday.In the midst of the ceremonies, he set a record and a surprising one, at that.President Trump set the record for the most prayers ever said during an inaugural ceremony.While not as clickbaitey, that non-record record was covered by The Kansas City Star and conservative blogs like Townhall.We weren t the only people noticing the desperation in this story:@kberntson2 @SarahPalinUSA What kind of devout Christian assaults women and stiffs people who work for him? Your kind of Christian? Ugh!!!!!  Judy Cox (@jccox722) January 21, 2017@SarahPalinUSA Also, consider a lot of the praying was people going  Please don t let Trump fuck up the country too badly.  (((Mad Bastard))) (@MadBastard_v2) January 21, 2017@SarahPalinUSA OMG, Sarah, just .just log out of everything  Joe Van Wick (@thejoevanwick) January 21, 2017.@SarahPalinUSA Seriously? A record for the most prayers? Only you would believe the story  Steven B. (@stevenbastian) January 21, 2017@SarahPalinUSA   please get off social media. You re embarrassing yourself.  Kay Look (@KayLook5) January 21, 2017@SarahPalinUSA who gives a shit?  John Sanity (@JohnSanityUSA) January 21, 2017. @SarahPalinUSA I m sure he had to resort to prayer since he also broke the record for the lowest attendance & approval ratings ever.  Mayra Martinez (@MayraMM) January 21, 2017If the implication is that starting an administration is somehow a sign of character, note that the previous prayer record was set by Richard M. Nixon. Of course, Trump has already bypassed Nixon s level of corruption and lies. Many say the country needs the prayers, but the country needs action. Perhaps Trump can set another record for shortest time before impeachment.Featured image via Pool/Getty Images
JUDGE NAPOLITANO was on FOX & Friends this morning discussing the Obama administration s efforts to spy on Donald Trump. Three intel sources have disclosed to the network that Obama went to British intelligence to get the goods on Trump, but we may never be able to prove it  JUDGE NAPOLITANO:  Three intelligence sources have informed FOX News that President Obama went outside the chain of command. He didn t use the NSA, he didn t use the CIA, he didn t use the FBI and he didn t use the Department of Justice He used *GCHQ.  *GCHQ is a British intel agency.@Judgenap: Three intel sources have disclosed that Pres. Obama turned to British spies to get surveillance on Trump pic.twitter.com/IghCFm7qhO  FOX & friends (@foxandfriends) March 14, 2017
BRUSSELS (Reuters) - Brexit talks are deadlocked over money, the EU s Michel Barnier said on Thursday as he ruled out discussions on future trade being launched by EU leaders next week but spoke of possible progress by December. Barnier and his British counterpart, Brexit Secretary David Davis, told reporters there had been some progress this week on the other two issues around Britain s March 2019 withdrawal from the bloc on which the EU demands  sufficient progress  before it will agree to discuss a transition and future relationship. With concern mounting about the possibility they might run out of time for any deal, Davis renewed his call for EU leaders to give a green light to trade talks after they meet Prime Minister Theresa May at a summit in Brussels next Thursday.  Barnier made clear, however, that despite new momentum from  concessions given by May in a speech at Florence last month, British proposals on expatriate citizens  rights and the Irish border still failed the EU test, while London s refusal to spell out a detailed cash offer was  very worrying  for business. May said then that the other 27 countries would not lose out financially from Brexit in the current EU budget period to 2020 and that Britain would honor commitments   but Barnier said London was failing to say exactly what it was ready to pay.   Regarding that question, we are at an impasse, which is very worrying for thousands of projects everywhere in Europe and also worrying for those who contribute,  he said.    Nonetheless, he offered hope:  I am still convinced that, with political will, decisive progress is within reach in the coming two months. With David Davis, we will organize several negotiating meetings between now and the end of the year.  With signs that nerves are fraying on both sides as less than 18-month remains before the deadline, some hardline Brexit supporters want May to just walk out of talks. Both negotiators repeated that they were ready for any eventuality including a collapse. But, Barnier warned,  no deal would be a very bad deal . May herself said there had been  good progress  and welcomed Barnier s talk of further progress  over the coming weeks . Davis announced a  streamlined  new system for the 3 million EU citizens in Britain to claim residence rights, answering EU concerns, and said he expected good further progress on other issues. Barnier repeated that Brussels stills wants them to have recourse to EU judges to safeguard their rights and said there were still differences on rights for future family members. A British demand for its million or so citizens on the continent to have lifetime rights to move to any of the bloc s 27 countries after Brexit is held up by doubts among the member states. Barnier said those are rights to do with post-Brexit decisions and should be dealt with in the next phase of talks.  I make no secret of the fact that to provide certainty we must talk about the future,  Davis said, stressing his demand for trade talks.  I hope the leaders of the 27 will provide Michel with the means to explore ways forward with us on that.   As we look to the October Council next week, I hope the member states will recognize the progress we ve made and take a step forward in the spirit of the prime minister s Florence speech.  Barnier was pressed to say in public whether he would ask EU leaders  permission to make some preliminary exploration of what a transition after March 2019 would look like. EU officials and diplomats say he has raised that issue with governments. He told the news conference that he would follow a mandate ruling out any discussion of the future before issues arising from Britain s past membership are settled and said it was important to respect the  sequencing . Diplomats have said that German and French envoys quashed a suggestion by Barnier last week that he start looking transition issues. On Thursday, German Chancellor Angela Merkel, whose scope to change policy is limited by ongoing coalition talks, stressed Berlin would negotiate to minimize damage to Germany. With the talks poised at a delicate stage, EU officials say it is unclear what leaders will tell May next week. They all rule out a clear move to trade talks but many expect  positive language  to try to defuse British accusations of Brussels intransigence and to help May stand up to her own party critics. Officials see the early part of next year as a virtual deadline for agreeing to move on to discuss the future relationship. Failure to do so would raise the risk of there being no smooth transition and even of no deal at all. ($1 = 0.8446 euros) 
(Reuters) - U.S. President-elect Donald Trump has delayed until January an announcement originally set for this week on how he plans to step back from running his business empire to avoid conflicts of interest, his spokesman said on Monday. Among Trump’s holdings are hotels and golf resorts from Panama to Scotland, besides a winery and modeling agency. Legal experts say the only way he could entirely avoid conflicts of interest would be to sell his global holdings. Last month Trump said he would hold a news conference on Thursday to spell out how he would separate himself “in total” from his worldwide business holdings.  “The announcement will be in January,” Trump spokesman Sean Spicer said on Monday, without giving any reason. The Republican president-elect has not held a news conference since winning the Nov. 8 election. After Trump’s victory, his company, the Trump Organization, said it was looking at new business structures with the goal of transferring control to Donald Trump Jr., Ivanka Trump and Eric Trump, three of his children who are involved with the company. In a series of messages on social network Twitter, Trump said he would leave his businesses before taking office on Jan. 20, to focus on the presidency. “Two of my children, Don and Eric, plus executives, will manage them,” Trump tweeted late on Monday. “No new deals will be done during my term(s) in office.” The messages did not mention a role for Ivanka Trump in the businesses. Trump added that he would hold a news conference in the “near future” to discuss business matters, his cabinet picks and other topics.     In a series of tweets last month, Trump said, “Legal documents are being crafted which take me completely out of business operations.” He did not say what the planned change might mean for ownership of his businesses. 
DUBAI (Reuters) - Kuwait s deputy foreign minister said on Wednesday that the six-nation Gulf Cooperation Council would continue to operate despite a row among three of its members and Qatar that it has unsuccessfully sought to mediate. Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates and Bahrain plus non-GCC member Egypt cut off diplomatic, travel and trade ties with Qatar in June, accusing it of supporting militants and their arch-foe Iran. Doha denies the charges and says their move is aimed at curtailing its sovereignty. Western nations have called for the countries, which are all close U.S. allies, to settle their differences in talks. The heads of state from the three boycotting countries skipped a GCC summit hosted by Kuwait s ruler in December, and the UAE called for the formation of a bilateral committee with Saudi Arabia on economic, political and military issues. But Kuwait appears determined to preserve the loose union set up in 1980 as a bulwark against larger neighbors Iraq and Iran, and said its reconciliation efforts would proceed. Despite the spat which appears to have no end in sight, the GCC s work  will not be frozen or disrupted,  Khaled Jarallah was quoted by state news agency KUNA as telling reporters on the sidelines of a conference in Kuwait.  After the summit in Kuwait, we are not worried about the future of the council,  Jarallah added.   Mediation efforts have not stopped, and a breakthrough will be achieved one day.  
According to Ted Cruz and many of his staunchest supporters, God ordained him to be the next president of the United States.Back in August, an Iowa Republican literally claimed that God prepared Ted Cruz to be president. We need someone who will go to Washington and throw the money-changers out,  Iowa GOP Chair Matt Schultz declared.  God raises special men and women to protect his people, and I believe this is one of those moments in time.   Ted Cruz is that man who God has prepared for this moment in time. In addition, Cruz s wife claimed that God sent her a sign that her husband should run for president and Cruz s father Rafael declared his son the  anointed one. Of course, conservative  Christians  bought this hook, line, and sinker. And now they are devastated because Cruz defied God s wishes and dropped out of the race.American Family Association spokesman Bryan Fischer expressed his disappointment on Twitter and called for writing in Cruz s name on the ballot instead of voting for Donald Trump.Tonight is a bad night for Ted Cruz. But it is a terrible night for the United States, our children, and our grandchildren.  Bryan Fischer (@BryanJFischer) May 3, 2016 43 states allow write-in votes for president. Does the write-in campaign for Ted Cruz start tomorrow?  Bryan Fischer (@BryanJFischer) May 4, 2016Cruz supporters had the sads as well, expressing their condolences on his Facebook page.And one Cruz supporter blamed just about everyone except Cruz himself for the defeat.Right-wing talk show host Steve Deace threw a hissy fit after Cruz dropped out by immediately leaving the Republican Party and declaring that America wanted to be spanked by God by voting for Trump. The country missed an opportunity here with an imperfect vessel to try and take a step back towards the righteous path, but it is what it is,  Deace wrote.  And yes, there are things Cruz could ve done differently, but when you re up against a zeitgeist as well as a long overdue providential spanking, there s only so much anyone can do. America clearly dodged a bullet by Cruz dropping out of the race. While the debate continues on whether or not Trump actually believes what he has been saying, Cruz definitely believed every word that came out of his own mouth, including his intention to discriminate against non-Christians and gay people as well as outlawing abortion to the point where he would even force rape victims to carry pregnancies to term.But the bottom line here is that Ted Cruz literally believed that God wanted him to become president in November, yet he dropped out of the race anyway. Apparently, reality trumped faith on Tuesday night, and Evangelicals can t handle the truth.Featured Image: Flickr
Donald Trump is supposed to have several important phone calls with world leaders today, amounting to what is being billed as a  day of diplomacy.  Given Trump s inexperience and impulsive statements, world leaders are especially skeptical of what his being leader of the free world (*SHUDDER*) will really mean for the world. So, one would think that he would spend his morning preparing for his calls, right? WRONG.Instead, Trump is up and tweeting, when he is, as of this writing, set to be on a call with the Prime Minister of Japan at any moment. His target? Why, the press, of course. The Washington Post and the New York Times have been on Trump s hit list for quite some time, and that thorny relationship has gotten worse, since Trump s White House is leaking like a sieve regarding his temperament and inability to do his job as president. It was the Washington Post who said Trump s team is portraying him as a  clueless child,  which of course enraged the thin-skinned sorry excuse for a  president.  To that end, Trump fired off a series of tweets doing his best to discredit those outlets:The failing @nytimes has been wrong about me from the very beginning. Said I would lose the primaries, then the general election. FAKE NEWS!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 28, 2017Thr coverage about me in the @nytimes and the @washingtonpost gas been so false and angry that the times actually apologized to its ..  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 28, 2017 dwindling subscribers and readers.They got me wrong right from the beginning and still have not changed course, and never will. DISHONEST  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 28, 2017So, in other words, Trump is proving the aides who are leaking the details of his alarming behavior to the press right. He is clueless, dangerously impulsive, petty, and acting like a child. In fact, they are likely leaking this information to the public in a desperate attempt to make Trump behave like a world leader rather than like the man baby that he is, since he gets all of his information from the cable news shows.Whatever the reason, keep the leaks coming, folks. The American public   and, indeed, the press   need to keep the pressure on Trump and let the nation and world know just what a dangerous fool is currently occupying the Oval Office.#RESIST.Featured image via Drew Angerer/Getty Images
 WASHINGTON (Reuters) - During his campaign and first months in office, President Donald Trump set a number of explicit economic goals like boosting annual growth in gross domestic product to 3 percent, and promised to expand manufacturing employment and bring sidelined workers back into the labor force.  How is he faring?  The charts included here (tmsnrt.rs/2tpAM41) map where the economy was heading during Barack Obama's last term, and how it has performed since Trump took office in January, 2017.  
Two high profile black people giving commencement speeches at predominately black universities with two very different messages. One speaker delivered a message of hope, humility and encouragement. The other speaker delivered a message of racism, hate, resentment and a call to stand up and fight against the oppressive white man who spends his time looking for a reason to discriminate against them.Dillard University s 218 members of the Class of 2015 received a special treat in addition to their diplomas   Academy and Tony Award-winning actor Denzel Washington to deliver the keynote commencement address. And in contrast to the whiney, racial and excuse-driven address delivered by first lady Michelle Obama at another historically black university, Washington s was filled of hope, humor, inspiration and love of his creator.  No. 1,  he resolutely told the graduates of the New Orleans university,  Put. God. First! Washington told the class that God has kept him centered throughout his life, I ve been protected, I ve been directed, I ve been corrected. I ve kept God in my life and it s kept me humble,  he said.  I didn t always stick with him, but he s always stuck with me. Stick with him in everything you do.  Toward the end of his brief address, he gave some sage advice.  I pray that you put your slippers way under your bed tonight, so that when you wake up in the morning you have to get on your knees to reach them,  Washington said.  And while you re down there, say,  thank you. Thank you for grace, thank you for mercy, thank you for understanding, thank you for wisdom, thank you for parents, thank you for love, thank you for kindness, thank you for humility, thank you for peace, thank you for prosperity. Say  thank you  in advance for what s already yours. True desire in the heart for anything good is God s proof to you, sent beforehand, to indicate that it s yours already,  Washington said.  Don t just aspire to make a living,  he concluded,  aspire to make a difference. On Saturday   the same day as Washington s address   the first lady delivered her own commencement speech at Tuskegee University.https://youtu.be/4w3eFiVUHQQ But instead of inspiration-driven, hers was racially motivated.  The road ahead is not going to be easy. It never is, especially for folks like you and me,  she said.  Because while we ve come so far, the truth is those age-old problems are stubborn, and they haven t fully gone away.  Her resentment was as palpable as Washington s gratitude was evident. One graduating class got rewarded for its time, anyway.Via: BizPacReview
MOMBASA, Kenya (Reuters) - Suspected militants from the Somali group al Shabaab beheaded four men in two different attacks in Lamu County on Kenya s north coast on Wednesday, authorities said, a month after 12 people were killed in similar incidents in the region.  Lamu County Commissioner Gilbert Kitiyo said the attacks took place in Silini-Mashambani early on Wednesday where three were killed, while in a separate incident in Bobo village one person was killed.  Kitiyo said about 30 heavily-armed assailants went from house-to-house calling out victims by name before pulling some out and slitting their throats.  They were dressed in military gear and had AK-47 rifles. They beheaded four men before fleeing into the forest. All the victims are men. Police have already arrived at the scene and taken the bodies to the mortuary,  Kitiyo told Reuters by telephone. He said the attackers surrounded all the victims  houses  making it difficult for them to escape. Abdiasis Abu Musab, al Shabaab s spokesman for military operations, said the group was behind the attack, and put the number of those killed at five, saying it had targeted non-Muslims. In August, al Shabaab attackers killed four men in a similar manner while earlier in July, nine men were slaughtered the same way in nearby villages. After the latest attacks, protesters burned tyres on the roads on Wednesday morning in complaint over insecurity. Riot police to fire teargas and rubber bullets to disperse them.  A government-imposed dusk-to-dawn curfew is in force in the area following past attacks. The al Qaeda-linked al Shabaab aims to topple Somalia s United Nations-backed government and impose its own strict interpretation of Islam. They have intensified attacks in Kenya since it sent troops into Somalia in 2011. They have also claimed responsibility for a series of cross-border attacks in recent months, including a spate of roadside bombings targeting security forces. 
There s nothing like a Brit telling Americans who we should support for President, or a foreigner suggesting we should open our borders to anyone who cares to cross over  them. It s not exactly like Britain is immune from the violent Muslim invasion taking place across Europe. Telling Americans which of our candidates do, or do not represent US values adds a special touch don t you think?Perhaps Queen Clooney should stick to advising Britain citizens about who they should or shouldn t vote for. Just because you and your ass-clown of a husband raised $15 MILLION for corrupt Hillary, doesn t give you the right to tell Americans who we should vote for. George Clooney is a Clinton supporter   but he agrees with Sanders on at least one point. #Decision2016https://t.co/gQ8X7YR8yA  Meet the Press (@MeetThePress) April 16, 2016Amal Clooney, the British-Lebanese human rights attorney who has been married to Hollywood actor George Clooney since 2014, says populist GOP frontrunner Trump doesn t represent  U.S. values. In a BBC interview Monday evening, the 38-year-old criticized  the leading candidate on the Republican side  for proposing  building walls  and a temporary pause on Muslim immigration into the United States.She then paraphrased Trump and defended Muslims who she says are  not extremist or violent. If you actually look at what [Trump] specifically says in that now infamous speech about Muslims, he kept saying,  They only want jihad; they don t believe in our way of life; they don t respect our system,  she said.She continued:  And when he says  they  And, you know, you watch the media coverage afterwards and people should ve been saying,  Do you mean the 1.5 billion people around the world who fit that description? Do you mean the people who are U.S. citizens, who are members of your military, the vast majority of whom are not extremist or violent in any way?  Her mother is a Sunni Muslim.Amal Clooney added she is  perplexed  by the success of Trump s campaign. If, at the end of all of this, he gets beaten by the person who becomes the first female president of the United States, then I think that would send a very positive message from the electorate back to him as to what they really think of those points of view,  Clooney said.She concluded:  I don t think they are U.S. values. Amal Clooney and her husband George both support Hillary Clinton s White House bid. Mr. Clooney, who has pushed for open borders, recently described Trump as a  xenophobic fascist  who want  ban Muslims from the country  during an interview with The Guardian.As Breitbart News has extensively reported in the past, the Clooneys have taken extensive measures to ensure they have privacy and security at their homes, including their $10 million Lake Como estate in Laglio, Northern Italy.Roberto Pozzi, mayor of Laglio, issued an ordinance in 2015 to protect the solace of the couple and their property. The area surrounding the estate is now off limits to unwanted guests, and anyone who gets too close to the property faces a stiff fine.Via: Breitbart News 
MADRID (Reuters) - Most public buildings that were intended to be used as polling stations in Sunday s disputed referendum on Catalan independence have been closed, Spain s Interior Ministry said on Saturday. Only  some  potential voting stations were being occupied by people bent on obstructing police efforts to enforce a court order barring public buildings from being used for Sunday s planned vote, the ministry said in a statement. 
BRUSSELS (Reuters) - The European Union said on Friday it understood the aim of U.S. missile strikes in Syria as an effort to deter any more chemical attacks there, but highlighted political solutions as the only way to end the war. The nuanced line taken by the bloc’s 28 states reflects their disgust at a chemical attack that killed scores of people in a rebel-held area this week, but also a worry about any more escalation in the conflict following the unilateral U.S. move. “The U.S. has informed the European Union that ... (it) launched a strike on Shayrat Airfield in Syria with the understandable intention to prevent and deter the spread and use of deadly chemical weapons,” the bloc’s top diplomat, Federica Mogherini, said in a statement on behalf of all member states. “The U.S. also informed us that these strikes are limited and focused on preventing and deterring further use of chemical weapons atrocities,” the statement read. She added that the use of chemical weapons was a war crime and perpetrators of such acts “should be sanctioned within the framework of the United Nations.” The bloc supports Syrian opposition rebels and some moderate rebels negotiating under U.N.-mediated talks with representatives of Damascus. The talks have long been stalled and the war, which is in its seventh year, has killed more than 400,000 people and sent millions from their homes. “The EU firmly believes that there can be no military solution to the conflict,” the joint statement said. “Only a credible political solution... will ensure peace and stability.” While France and Britain have led calls for Syrian President Bashar al-Assad to go, some other EU states, including the Czech Republic, Hungary, Spain and Italy, are more dovish. But the bloc’s role in international peace efforts has been largely marginal as it lacks influence on the ground, where Russia’s military intervention has given Assad the upper hand. The EU is the largest aid donor in Syria, and has threatened it will not pay for reconstruction of the country if Assad and his allies take full control by wiping out the opposition.  The EU says a “credible political transition” must start first with the aim of giving the opposition and Syria’s various ethnic and religious groups political representation. The chairman of EU leaders Donald Tusk, French Foreign Minister Jean-Marc Ayrault, the Polish foreign ministry as well as a British government spokesman supported Washington.  “U.S. strikes show needed resolve against barbaric chemical attacks. EU will work with the US to end brutality in Syria,” Tusk said on Twitter. But German Foreign Minister Sigmar Gabriel, Belgium’s Didier Reynders and the head of the EU’s executive arm stuck to a more cautious line, saying they “understood” the aim of the strikes, but highlighting more strongly the need for a negotiated end to the war. “There is a clear distinction between air strikes on military targets and the use of chemical weapons against civilians,” said the head of the European Commission, Jean-Claude Juncker. “Efforts to stem the spiral of violence in Syria and work toward a lasting peace should be redoubled. Only a political transition can lead to such an outcome.”     
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Michael Cohen, one of President Donald Trump’s closest business advisers, said on Sunday he would testify on Tuesday to the U.S. Senate Intelligence Committee, as the panel investigates alleged Russian interference in the 2016 U.S. election. The timing of Cohen’s testimony was first reported by NBC. Cohen confirmed that he would testify to the committee on Tuesday and said he did not know whether it would be in a closed session or public. Aides to the committee’s leaders did not immediately respond to requests for comment. Cohen said previously he had received a subpoena from at least one of the congressional committees investigating what U.S. intelligence has determined were Russia’s efforts to influence the election on Trump’s behalf, and whether Trump associates colluded with Russia. Russia denies such activity. The White House denies any collusion, but concerns about the issue and Trump’s ties to Russia have shadowed the first months of the Republican’s presidency. Cohen, a personal attorney to Trump, would be one of a series of close associates of the president to testify in Congress. Members of both the Senate and House of Representatives committees conducting investigations have said they expect to call more. Trump’s oldest son, Donald Trump Jr., testified to the Senate Judiciary Committee earlier this month. 
21st Century Wire says As Republican, Ted Cruz and Democrat, Hillary Clinton both snatched narrow victories at the Iowa Caucuses this week, other big brand names didn t turn out so well.Nonetheless, old John Ellis, or  Jeb  Bush, is still hanging in there going into the upcoming New Hampshire primary. Although Jeb managed to get only 2.8% of the Iowa GOP caucus vote, he still has sufficient funds in his political war chest to carry on. Despite the fact that he appears to be more intelligent and compos mentis than his brother George, he still struggles to gain mass appeal.As campaign moments go, however, this has got to be one of the saddest, most doleful moments we ve seen yet. During one of Jeb s many staged,  Meet Jeb  town hall-style meetings, where segments are filmed in order to extract outtakes for use in an endless series of campaign ads, Jeb finished a good speaking stretch before sheepishly turning to a mostly disinterested audience, quietly begging them to clap for the cameras.You have to see it to believe it. Watch  
We think the Stop Hillary PAC needs to double down on their ad campaign to make sure every American sees this brilliant ad: Dear Hillary Clinton, I d like to ask you why you ignored calls for help in Benghazi and then four Americans were murdered,  the ad starts.  I d like to know why you lied, saying the attack was a response to an Internet video. I d like to hear why you tried to silence the Benghazi whistleblower. But Mrs. Clinton, I can t. What difference does it make? 
BRUSSELS (Reuters) - German Chancellor Angela Merkel said on Sunday she would seek an end to Turkey s membership talks with the European Union. Here is a timeline of the most significant dates in Turkey s EU accession progress: * 1987 - Turkey, a member of the NATO military alliance, applies to join the EU s forerunner, the European Economic Community.  * 1997 - Ankara is declared eligible to start talks, after strong support from Britain, Italy and Sweden. They see the addition of a dynamic economy and a powerful player in Middle East politics as a benefit for the EU.  France, Germany and Austria are wary of admitting Turkey, concerned about the economic and cultural challenges of integrating a large, Muslim nation of 80 million people into the EU.  * 2002 - Turkey abolishes the death penalty, a basic  condition for joining the European Union. Turkey s Islamist-rooted AK Party wins a general election and vows to push for EU membership. * March 2003 - Tayyip Erdogan becomes prime minister and later says that Turkey  is very much ready to be part of the European Union family.   * October 2005 - Formal EU accession negotiations begin. * 2010 - Turkey s membership bid stalls over issues including the divided island of Cyprus, an EU member, which Turkey invaded in 1974. Pushed by Cyprus and France, EU capitals block the opening of new negotiating areas, or chapters.  * 2013/2014 - Erdogan  purges thousands of police and hundreds of judges and prosecutors over a corruption scandal he says was engineered by political enemies.  * August 2014 - Erdogan is elected to the post of president which he plans to transform from a largely ceremonial post to a powerful executive office. * October 2014 - The European Commission, the EU executive that oversees EU accession talks, submits its most critical annual report yet, warning of  serious doubts  about judicial independence. * March 2016 - The European Union and Turkey agree to revive accession talks, as well as negotiations over visa-free travel for Turks to the bloc, as part of a broader accord to halt record flows of Syrian refugees to Europe in return for financial aid for Ankara. * July 15, 2016 - A faction of the military tries to overthrow Erdogan, prompting international condemnation, including from the European Union. But relations with Brussels quickly begin to sour as Turkey purges suspected coup plotters on a huge scale. The Council of Europe rights body, of which Turkey is a member, says the purge is unconstitutional.  * March 2017 - Erdogan accuses Germany of  fascist actions  reminiscent of Nazi times after being stopped from holding political rallies in the country as he seeks support among the 1.5 million Turkish citizens there ahead of an April referendum. A narrow victory in the referendum gives Erdogan sweeping new powers that the European Union fears cements a new system of authoritarian rule and makes EU membership ever more distant. * April 2017 - The European Parliament calls for a formal suspension of Turkey s EU membership bid, which is now effectively frozen.  EU foreign ministers hold talks with Turkey s top diplomat Mevlut Cavusoglu in Malta. They say they are against annulling Turkey s decade-long bid for EU membership.  Privately, however, ministers raise the possibility of a new, looser agreement with Turkey on free trade, immigration and counter-terrorism. The European Union is Turkey s biggest foreign investor and biggest trading partner. * Sept. 3, 2017 - German Chancellor Angela Merkel says she will seek an end to Turkey s membership talks, in an apparent shift of position during a televised debate weeks before a German election. 
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Obama administration, in the first major review of the country’s coal program in three decades, on Friday ordered a pause on issuing coal-mining leases on federal land as part of new executive actions to fight climate change. The halt could last three years, U.S. Interior Secretary Sally Jewell told reporters, while officials determine how to protect taxpayers’ stake in coal sales from public lands and how burning coal could worsen climate change. “We have an obligation to current and future generations to ensure the federal coal program delivers a fair return to American taxpayers and takes into account its impacts on climate change,” Jewell said on a conference call. Federal land accounts for over 40 percent of U.S. coal production. Most leases are on public land in Western states, primarily Wyoming, along with Colorado, New Mexico and Utah. The review, the administration’s latest move to combat climate change using executive authority rather than wait for congressional action, comes at a tough time for the industry. Since 2012, more than 50 coal companies have filed for bankruptcy in the face of competition from cheap natural gas and clean-air regulations that have raised costs for burning the fossil fuel. National Mining Association President Hal Quinn said development of coal projects on federal land already took more than 10 years and Friday’s announcement just adds more red tape. “The coal supply being cut off by today’s action has been the source of the lowest-cost and most reliable electricity keeping America’s lights on and people working,” he said. Republican lawmakers were quick to criticize the reform effort, accusing the administration of “ravaging” coal country. “Congress will continue to fight back against the president’s ruthless pursuit of destroying people’s low-cost energy sources in order to cement his own climate legacy,” said U.S. House Speaker Paul Ryan. President Barack Obama, in his annual State of the Union address on Tuesday, hinted at the moves, saying he would “change the way we manage our oil and coal resources so that they better reflect the costs they impose on taxpayers and our planet.” Environmental groups had pressed the White House for years to freeze fossil fuel leases, arguing that allowing coal development on public land undermines the president’s climate agenda. Environmental activists have said that while the coal reform program is a good first step, the administration should extend the review to oil and natural gas for it to meet its goal to slash greenhouse gas emissions. “Any good-faith effort to meet international climate targets necessitates that the vast majority of all remaining coal, oil and natural gas on federal lands must stay in the ground,” said Elijah Zarlin, director of climate campaigns at activist group CREDO. Jewell said the review will examine concerns flagged by the Government Accountability Office and the Interior Department’s Inspector General, as well as members of Congress and the public. She added that the Interior Department will also adopt measures to boost transparency of federal coal leasing. Measures include a public database to show the carbon emitted from fossil fuels developed on public lands, posting online pending requests to lease coal or reduce government royalties, as well as capturing methane emissions from mines. Jewell said the pause will not apply to existing coal production and that the government will allow mining of metallurgical coal used in making steel, as well as emergency leases if more reserves are needed for power generation. “We have plenty of coal,” Jewell said, adding that reserves already under lease are enough to sustain current levels of production from federal land for 20 years. 
MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - Mexico’s finance ministry will evaluate whether to make fiscal changes in response to the U.S. tax reform, according to a document seen by Reuters on Friday. In the document, the ministry said Mexico would not make changes that left it with a higher public sector deficit. “Nevertheless, there will be an assessment of whether modifications should be made to Mexico’s fiscal framework,” the document said. 
Donald Trump and his disgraceful team deserve to be throttled for their horrendous responses and disrespect to Gold Star families, particularly after Rep. Fredericka Wilson called Trump out on his insensitive remarks to the widow of a fallen soldier.After both Trump and his Chief of Staff, John Kelly, attacked Wilson and lied their a**es off to clear Trump s name, MSNBC anchor Joy Reid brought on a guest that would make Trump sorry he ever challenged Wilson. Noting that Wilson was currently at the funeral of fallen soldier La David Johnson while Trump was playing golf, Reid said: She is at that funeral as we speak. While General Kelly and his boss, Donald Trump, are still standing by their attacks on her. Like I said, extraordinary. Then, she turned to one of her guests, retired Colonel Jack Jacobs, and asked: Donald Trump likes to hide behind his generals, he likes to push them out front in order to give himself credibility. What do you make of General Kelly s willingness to be used in that way this week and then to add this extraneous story that turns up not even to be true slamming the congresswoman? It was as if Jacobs, a Medal of Honor recipient, had been waiting all day for the opportunity to rip Trump and Kelly apart. He said: Well, it s quite surprising because I know   I don t know him very well, I m not that close to him   but I know General Kelly I m quite surprised. Attacks like this don t make any sense from anybody. The retired colonel, who is also the recipient of two Silver Stars, three Bronze Stars, and two Purple Hearts, also stated that Trump and Kelly owed Wilson an apology: If it were I, I would. I mean, I d pick up the phone and say,  look, this has gone far enough, I apologize.  But that should have been the case from the very beginning when whatever is emanating from the White House was inaccurate as well. And the trashing continued with this brilliant attack: I can say this about Donald Trump, he s not real good at talking. If I were Trump, I would have picked up the phone and said,  look, that was my ham-handed way of being sympathetic, I m not good at that and I apologize.  And all this stuff would have been over. Another guest, a former combat veteran, agreed with Jacobs, while Reid reminded everyone that  It s not going to stop because Donald Trump this morning, got up bright and early and starting tweeting again attacking Congresswoman Wilson. So Donald Trump doesn t want it to end and he doesn t want the discussion to be about the fact it took him 13 days to call the families of these four fallen soldiers. He wants it to be about Congresswoman Wilson. Here s that tweet:As usual, Trump just makes things worse for himself. Jacobs was dead on when he stated that Trump could have easily ended this whole debacle by apologizing for his disgusting response and all the lies. But because he s Trump, we all knew that wasn t going to happen. Trump has gotten himself into this mess, and now he must pay the price.You can watch Jacobs crush Trump below: Featured image is a screenshot
SINGAPORE (Reuters) - An earthquake of magnitude 6.1 struck off southern Japan on Thursday, the United States Geological Survey said. The quake struck 682 km (424 miles) off Japan s island of Kyushu at a depth of 10 km (6.2 miles), the agency said, but there were no immediate reports of damage or casualties. 
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. forces killed dozens of Islamic State members in a strike on Monday on two training camps in Yemen, the Pentagon said. The camps in al-Bayda province were being used to train new fighters using AK-47s, machine guns and rocket-propelled grenade launchers, the Pentagon said in a statement. Islamic State has used ungoverned areas in Yemen to plot, direct, instigate, resource and recruit for attacks against America and its allies around the world, it said.  
Donald Trump took quite a bit of heat following the racist shooting in Kansas City that resulted in the deaths of two Indian engineers. The perpetrator shouted what sounded like Trump-inspired racial slurs like  get out of my country,  before killing Srinivas Kuchibholta, who died and Alok Madasani, who was injured. Trump took almost a week to address the shooting at all. There was also a spate of vandalism toward Jewish cemeteries and for most of a week, crickets from Trump.Trump did finally talk about the shooting and the vandalism in his address to Congress on Tuesday, but many say it was too little too late. After all, Trump doesn t hesitate in calling out Muslim terrorists. He and his people even make up terrorist attacks.In an interview with CNN s Alisyn Camerota, Trump surrogate Anthony Scaramucci said that the only reason Trump didn t address the Kansas City shooting and the string of vandalism in Jewish cemeteries, was that it would cause more fear and civil unrest. He s not constantly condemning [hate crimes by white people],  Camerota pointed out.  There was silence after Kansas City. He didn t tweet about it. Some people felt if had it been a Muslim, had it been a Middle Eastern gunman instead of a white gunman, he would have immediately condemned it. The president is controlling the bully pulpit and the news cycle, and he doesn t want to overly discuss the stuff because you re worried that in itself will cause a fire,  he replied.  You re trying to strike the right balance. You can agree with me or disagree with me. I do believe the president has consistently, and maybe not with the level of volume you d like, but he has consistently and his administration has consistently denounced these acts of violence. Source: Raw StoryHere s the video:Let s see if you can follow that logic   and I ll be frank, I m having trouble with it. Trump s anti-Muslim rhetoric, which has always flowed freely whenever he speaks or tweets, is a huge recruiting tool for ISIS. Apparently, he doesn t care that he is causing unrest and fear toward Muslims and by Muslims.Hate crimes since the election have been up and hate groups are on the rise. The horse has left the barn as far as Trump inspiring hate, but he does have the bully pulpit. If he can influence hate, he can certainly influence people not to act on their hatred. He won t, though. As more and more sane people turn against him, Trump is left with a base that looks a lot like Hitler s Brownshirts. He doesn t want to offend his biggest supporters.Featured image via video screen capture
PARIS (Reuters) - During his rapid rise to the presidency, France s Emmanuel Macron was sometimes referred to as a  lucky general    a leader with the right skills for the job but also a generous dose of the good fortune needed to win the day.  The 39-year-old certainly took advantage of a string of lucky breaks, especially a corruption scandal that derailed the campaign of front-running, center-right rival Francois Fillon. But six months into his occupation of the Elysee Palace, there are niggling signs Macron s luck could be starting to turn. In particular, the uncertain political picture in Germany has complicated his ambition to reform Europe s single currency zone, something he has put at the heart of his presidency and that stands or falls on Franco-German cooperation. And while changes he introduced early on to France s employment rules provoked less unrest than expected, the impact on the economy has so far been muted. His plans to amend the  pensions and benefits system may not be so readily accepted.  From a fiscal point of view, one of his main objectives is to bring the national deficit below 3 percent of gross domestic product for the first time in a decade. Yet current indications are that he will struggle with that goal, leaving France at odds with the EU s executive Commission. And within his own party   En Marche, formed as a grassroots movement a little over a year ago   there is unease among some members about a top-down structure that goes against the ethos that propelled him to a five-year term in May. Some breaks continue to fall in Macron s favor. France last week won the right to host the European Banking Agency in a lucky dip against Dublin, and domestically he faces little serious opposition from either the left or right. But his biggest ambitions rely on a deep and sustained relationship with Chancellor Angela Merkel, whose position after 12 years as Germany s leader has been weakened over two months of so-far fruitless talks to form a governing coalition.  We are naturally paying close attention to everything that might help stabilize the political situation (in Germany),  Benjamin Griveaux, a close Macron ally who was recently named the government s new spokesman, said on Monday.   Without a strong partner it will obviously be more difficult to carry out the president s ambitious European project.   At one level, the fact that Merkel is now talking to Germany s Social Democrats (SPD) about a  grand coalition , after overtures to the Liberals and Greens failed, is positive for Macron since the SPD is more avowedly pro-EU. But there s no guarantee the SPD will sign up to Macron s agenda, even if its leader, Martin Schulz, is a former European Parliament president who is committed to the project. Schulz has only gone as far as to say Macron s ideas need to be discussed in coalition talks with Merkel, while other SPD officials say domestic reforms to health insurance and pensions are a more pressing consideration.  Europe is not a theme where we can simply push things through,  said Johannes Kahrs, a budget expert for the SPD in parliament and leader of the party s conservative wing. Macron s ideas for overhauling the euro zone, including the creation of a region-wide budget, finance minister and separate parliament, may be just too ambitious for Germany to swallow.  It would be nice if the conservatives went along with the idea of a budget for the euro zone, but they need to want it,  said Kahrs.  It would make no sense to try to bully them.     Even as he focuses on his grand ambitions, Macron and his finance minister, Bruno Le Maire, must battle to get the state s historically overstretched finances in order, while hoping that France s currently steady growth rate doesn t falter. The budget deficit has been falling and should dip just below 3 percent next year, but from the European Commission s point of view that is insufficient. It wants more done on the structural deficit, which strips out the business cycle.  If Macron and Le Maire are to achieve more, it will likely mean cutting deeper into regional budgets, where planned reductions have already provoked anger among mayors.  Unemployment figures show job creation is at a record high but the jobless rate still ticked higher in the third quarter, rising to 9.7 percent. While it is forecast to decline again, the French rate remains way above Germany s of 5.6 percent. Jean Pisani-Ferry, a leading economist and former adviser to Macron, believes perhaps the biggest risk Macron faces is ensuring his European strategy pays off, because his domestic agenda will in large part be influenced by it in turn. Yet that depends a lot on Germany, and the wider EU.  He s making a huge political investment (in Europe),  said Pisani-Ferry, a professor of economics and public management at Sciences Po university.  And if you re making a huge political investment, you want at some point some pay-off.    If there is no pay-off whatsoever, then obviously there will be domestic political consequences. It will be a setback for him.  
(Reuters) - Oklahoma Governor Mary Fallin plans to call a special legislative session to fill a budget shortfall of $215 million tied to cigarette sales, according to a statement issued by her office on Wednesday.  “I am planning on calling a special session beginning September 25 for legislators to adjust the current fiscal year budget,” she said in a statement.  On Aug. 10, Oklahoma’s State Supreme Court ruled against a measure passed during the last legislative session that created a $1.50 “cessation” fee for cigarette packs. The fee was expected to add about $215 million to state coffers, mostly earmarked for health and human services agencies.  Fallin said in a statement last month that the ruling meant Oklahoma would also miss out on federal matching funds. The fee was passed when lawmakers were attempting to fill an $878 million budget shortfall.  A special session would cost Oklahoma an additional $30,000 per day, according to an August statement by the state’s House Democratic Caucus.  Following Fallin’s announcement Wednesday, House Speaker Charles McCall, in a statement, said House Republicans would consider raising a cigarette tax in a special session “but will send it to a vote of the people if House Democrats again refuse to support the measure.” If passed in special session, the cigarette tax would generate approximately $122 million for fiscal 2018’s budget, the statement said. The balance of money to plug the hole would come from existing budget sources as well as utilizing some of the state’s Rainy Day Fund “The cigarette tax is the only feasible tax option Oklahomans have said they would support,” McCall said. Oklahoma’s fiscal issues stem from tax cuts and structural changes to the state budget, further exacerbated by a decline in energy prices a few years ago, said Robert Dauffenbach, a senior associate dean for economic development and impact at the University of Oklahoma. Oklahoma has a balanced budget requirement. Its fiscal 2018 budget totaled about $6.8 billion, according to Michael McNutt, a spokesman for Fallin. The yield on Oklahoma 10-year general obligation bonds traded 20 basis points over the benchmark Thomson Reuters Municipal Market Data AAA yield scale at the close on Tuesday. The yield was little changed from the end of May, when the state’s legislative session ended.  
Based #Trump supporters heckle @johnpodesta white @wolfblitzer tries to interview him.  we got your emails, John Podesta!  #MAGA pic.twitter.com/yblxHA9hOO  MicroSpookyLeaks  (@WDFx2EU7) October 19, 2016
CHISINAU (Reuters) - The Moldovan government said on Thursday it has sent 57 servicemen to Ukraine to participate in military exercises starting this week, deepening a row with the pro-Russian president who had vetoed the move.  The drills in western Ukraine from Sept. 8-23 will be conducted mainly by NATO member countries, including the United States, the United Kingdom and Turkey.  They coincide with war games known as  Zapad , or  West , by thousands of Russian troops in Belarus, the Baltic Sea, western Russia and the Russian exclave of Kaliningrad. The Russian exercises have worried NATO despite Moscow s assurances troops would rehearse a purely defensive scenario.    Moldova is governed by a pro-Western government and a pro-Moscow president, meaning frequent clashes over foreign policy, especially where relations with Russia and the European Union are concerned.  The government s plans to send troops were vetoed by President Igor Dodon, who argued that Moldova is bound by its constitution to stay neutral. The defense ministry ignored the president, who is also Moldova s commander-in-chief.  Officially I confirm that, despite all the obstacles, 57 servicemen of Moldova, as was planned earlier, just an hour ago went by bus to participate in NATO military exercises, which start on Friday in Ukraine,  Defence Ministry spokeswoman Diana Gradinaru said.  Earlier this year Dodon banned the participation of military personnel in NATO exercises in Romania, prompting complaints by the U.S. and Romanian ambassadors. Moldova has been governed by pro-Western governments since 2009 and signed a trade pact with the EU in 2014. Russia retaliated by halting imports of Moldovan farm produce, depriving the country of a key market for its wine, fruit and vegetables. Relations suffered further this year due to a dispute in March over the treatment of Moldovan officials traveling to or through Russia, and the expulsion of Russian diplomats in May. In August, Moldova declared Russian Deputy Prime Minister Dmitry Rogozin persona non grata, accusing him of making defamatory remarks about Moldovan government officials.  
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - More than half the Democrats in the Senate, including many of President Barack Obama’s strongest supporters, signed a letter to him on Wednesday urging him to move more quickly to admit Syrian refugees into the United States. Despite Obama’s pledge to admit 10,000 of the people fleeing Syria’s civil war in the year ending this September, only 1,736 have been allowed into the country so far. In contrast, more than 6,000 have been admitted from Myanmar and more than 5,000 have been admitted from Iraq. “We urge your Administration to devote the necessary resources to expeditiously and safely resettle refugees from Syria,” the 27 senators wrote in the letter, which was seen by Reuters. “We are deeply concerned about the slow pace of admissions for Syrian refugees in the first seven months of the fiscal year,” the letter said. The lead signers on the letter included Senator Richard Durbin, the number two Democrat in the Senate, and Senator Amy Klobuchar. The letter was signed by 25 other members of the Democratic caucus, including presidential candidate Bernie Sanders It requested an update on specific measures the administration plans to take to fulfill its commitment to resettle the remaining 8,264 Syrians within five months. Obama said in late April that he expected the United States to meet his goal of admitting 10,000 Syrian refugees before Sept. 30, the end of the federal fiscal year. But Obama’s promise sparked a firestorm of criticism in the United States, mostly from Republicans who say that violent militants could enter the country by posing as refugees. More than 30 governors, most of them Republicans, have tried to block refugees from coming to their states. The United States has offered refuge to far fewer of the millions fleeing war in Syria and Iraq than many of its closest allies. Germany has taken in hundreds of thousands. Canada admitted 26,859 Syrian refugees between Nov. 4, 2015, and May 1, 2016. “Other nations, including ours, can and should do much more,” the senators said in the letter. 
Donald Trump and his campaign know that they stand an ice cube s chance in hell at winning the presidential election unless they can sway some of the minority vote. As it stands now the campaign has next to nothing in the realm of that voting block.So, what is Trump doing to try to get some of that vote? He s pandering to African-Americans and Latinos, of course. However, he s doing a terrible job of it.He s literally asking minority voters: What do you have to lose? As though that s all the reasoning they d ever need to vote for him. As if minority voters are going to show up to the voting booth in November, look at the ballot, and say,  eh, why not Trump? What do I have to lose? Well, the answer to that is everything considering Trump is currently endorsed by white supremacists and has regularly compared Latinos to rapists and murderers.Does Trump really think that line is going to work? I mean, he can t be that dumb, right? Who knows, really. Clearly, his current supporters are.Well, not letting Trump get away with being such a pathetic pandering fool, Ana Navarro, a conservative mind you, tells Trump exactly what they have to lose.On CNN Navarro stated: I don t speak for all Hispanics. I speak for myself. Maybe the eighty plus percent of Hispanics who don t approve of him, some of them may agree with me. I think what we have to lose, is our dignity. Our sense of self-worth. I think what we have to lose is our moral compass. I think that if we allow ourselves to vote for a man who has been making textbook racist remarks, and in my book that makes him a racist, for over a year, against Hispanics. Against immigrants. You are voting against your own self-interests. I think that we would lose our political leverage. We would lose any power. If we allow somebody who has been bashing us for over a year to win the presidency. It means the Hispanic vote does not matter. So, that s my answer to Donald Trump. What do we have to lose by voting for you? Our dignity. It really doesn t get more perfect than that. Well said, Ana.Watch Navarro explain what Latinos have to lose by voting for Trump here:.@ananavarro's answer to Donald Trump: "What we have to lose by voting for you? Our dignity." https://t.co/rb3lOdtGTV  CNN Tonight (@CNNTonight) August 23, 2016Featured image via video screen capture
The irony here isn t lost on us. Hillary is being compared to the President she wanted to take down. Nixon s got nothing on this criminal who wiped her server clean after e-mails were requested from her. John Fund questions the Democrat s strategy  to support a Nixonian type candidate with more baggage than a Samsonite factory She s secretive, scandal-plagued, and seemingly inevitable. Ever since Hillary Clinton s e-mail scandal broke, comparisons between her secretive style and that of Richard Nixon, whom she ironically pursued as a young lawyer on the House impeachment committee, have been frequent. But with the revelation that she wiped her private e-mail server clean after her records were requested by the State Department last year, the comparisons are becoming more concrete. Washington wags note that even Nixon never destroyed the tapes, but Hillary has permanently erased her e-mails.Exactly what would a Hillary presidency look like, and could it plunge the nation into another round of debilitating Clinton scandals? That s a question Democrats should ask themselves before they hand the nomination over to her.  Many Democrats have reservations about Hillary s cozy relations with Wall Street, her 2002 vote for the Iraq War, and the Clinton couple s  flexibility  on issues.  They love winning. They re both masters of it, Hillary maybe even more than Bill. But that s not the same as having a belief system,  noted the liberal Rolling Stone magazine. But some Democrats also want Hillary to be challenged on her Nixonian penchant for slipperiness and questionable fundraising.A strong primary challenge has provided clues as to how she would run in a general election   something Democrats should know. After all, the first Clinton presidency was good for the Clintons, but not for the Democratic party, which lost both houses of Congress along with a majority of the nation s governorships   and during a time of economic prosperity and peace.Read more: National Review
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Senate Republican leader Mitch McConnell on Tuesday announced a delay in the Senate’s planned August recess until the third week of the month to provide more time to work on legislation and approve nominees. “In order to provide more time to complete action on important legislative items and process nominees that have been stalled by a lack of cooperation from our friends across the aisle, the Senate will delay the start of the August recess until the third week of August,” McConnell said in a statement. 
CAIRO (Reuters) - Egyptian military jets destroyed 10 vehicles carrying weapons, ammunition and smuggled goods near the country s western desert border with Libya, the army said on Saturday. Egypt s porous border with Libya has long been a headache for security forces as weapons flow across the frontier, but an attack on police last month claimed by a new militant group has highlighted the security challenges in the western desert.  The air force dealt with them and destroyed them completely and killed all the elements inside,  the army statement said, without giving a date of the operation. Egypt s security forces are battling a stubborn Islamic State insurgency in the northern Sinai region, where militants have killed hundreds of police and troops since 2014 when attacks there started to increase.  
What would a speech from a modern Democrat be if they didn t include the LGBT crowd and embrace illegal aliens? It s almost as if they were trying to divide our nation in order to gain votes.??The mayor of Kansas City, Kansas, in an address to the radical socialist organization National Council of La Raza, bragged that his city is no longer majority white and the city s schools now have students who speak 62 different languages.According to the 2010 U.S. Census, Kansas City, Kansas, was 52 percent white.But in a speech before the La Raza National Affiliates Luncheon earlier this week in Kansas City, Mayor Mark Holland boasted that only five years later his city s white population has been reduced to 40 percent.He seemed to suggest that La Raza was at least partly responsible for the progress. But he also cited the refugee resettlement work of the United Nations and U.S. State Department for the city s transformation into a gleaming example of multicultural diversity.Kansas City, he said,  is very proud of the work of National Council of La Raza. Kansas City, Kansas, is a city with no ethnic majority. Kansas City, Kansas, is 40 percent white, 28 percent Latino, and 26 percent African-American,  Holland said.  Our school district speaks 62 different languages by the children every single day. And Kansas City, Kansas, has a proud heritage of welcoming all people into the community, people who are not welcome in other places. Latinos started coming with the Santa Fe railroad more than 100 years ago, to build the railroad, he said. Another railroad, the Underground Railroad, brought African-Americans to Kansas.  If they could get across the river they were free and settled in a township of Quindero. We continue to have a number of groups of refugees from around the world,  he added, mentioning the large Hmong community that came in the 1970s and 80s following the Vietnam War.In recent years, the city has welcomed more refugees from other parts of the world, including Muslim Somalia, Afghanistan and Iraq, Hindus from Bhutan and Buddhists and Muslims from Burma.LGBTs welcome in KCKansas City has also thrown open its arms to the LGBT community, Holland said, even though most of the state of Kansas leans Republican.He said the city is the home of another  persecuted group   the Democrats. The Democrats still have a foothold in Kansas City and we re very proud of that,  said the Democrat mayor.  And because Democrats are in Wyandotte County, we welcome our gay and lesbian brothers and sisters and celebrate their life and their love, and always will. Holland, an ordained Methodist minister, then went on the attack against any Christians who don t share his liberal theological views on same-sex marriage.He applauded the recent 5-4 Supreme Court decision that redefined marriage for all 50 states. But we cannot let our guard down. This religious freedom component, I believe is the Confederate Flag of religious bigotry, being flown long after the fact,  Holland said.  As an ordained United Methodist pastor myself, I m offended to note, when they say Christians are offended by the ruling. In fact, many of us Christians celebrate the ruling and the continued welcome and recognition of all people. But I want to close by saying we just couldn t be more proud that La Raza is here in Kansas City and it s an honor to be able to greet you. The U.S. State Department, working with the United Nations, has sent 2,371 international refugees to Kansas City, Kansas, since 2002. The State Department s database does not include U.N. refugees dispersed throughout the U.S. before 2002 but the program has been ongoing in its current form since 1980. The U.N. picks about 95 percent of the refugees sent to the U.S. The State Department, working with nine major contractors such as the U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops, Hebrew Immigrant Aid Society and Lutheran Immigration and Refugee Service, distributes about 70,000 refugees annually from mostly Third World nations into 190 U.S. cities and towns.U.N. sends KC 2,371 refugees since 2002The refugees, unlike most other classifications of immigrants, immediately qualify for a smorgasbord of state and federal welfare benefits and are placed on a fast-track toward full citizenship, which is obtainable within five years.Since 2002 Kansas City has received 1,090 refugees from Burma, 577 from Bhutan, 190 from Somalia, 126 from Iraq, 47 from Liberia, 37 from Eritrea, 36 from Russia, 34 from Burundi, 33 from Afghanistan, 26 from Vietnam, 24 from Sudan, 18 from Uzbekistan, and 11 from Iran, according to State Department data.Via: WND
Amy Goodman sat down for an interview with CNN s Brian Stelter on Sunday morning. Goodman, the award-winning broadcast journalist and the host of Democracy Now! did what she does best   grill the establishment with fact-based analysis.It s been shown that there is a coverage bias against Bernie Sanders in the corporate media. On the other hand, when it comes to Donald Trump, the major networks have given the Republican candidate who wants to make America hate again total domination of America s television screens.This bias was recently exemplified when the big three news networks all decided not show Bernie Sanders  concession speech on Super Tuesday 3. Goodman points this out, saying: Let s look at Super Tuesday 3, you had major coverage here at CNN, at MSNBC, at Fox   all the networks across all through the night as the polls are closing. You see the concession speeches and the great victory speeches, you see Hillary Clinton, Ted Cruz, Kasich, you see Donald Trump. You re waiting here at CNN, at MSNBC. They said he s going to hold a news conference  and that s it. Goodman continues, saying: Where was Bernie Sanders? Well, in fact, Bernie Sanders was in Phoenix, Arizona before thousands of people and as the networks were waiting for Donald Trump and waiting and all the pundits are weighing in, they don t even say that Bernie Sanders is about to speak. Commenting on how the corporate media has given Trump the world s biggest megaphone to preach his message, at the expense of covering all other major candidates, Goodman says: I think this exposure for Trump is frightening. Yes, there is now some critical coverage. But for the year 2015, as the snowball rolled and it got larger and larger, he got 23 times the coverage of Bernie Sanders. It comes down to ratings. Trump gives the corporate media an opportunity to create and sell an information-like-product, that can be quickly reproduced with almost no manufacturing cost. Speaking of manufacturing, Goodman borrows a phrase from Noam Chomsky, alleging that the media is  manufacturing consent  with their election coverage.While Chomsky may have popularized the phrase, its origins come from the master of media manipulation, Edward Bernays. He has a far more apt expression for the phenomenon that Goodman is addressing   crystallizing public opinion. As long as Trump remains in the election, the corporate media s ratings will continue to benefit from his status.You can watch the interview below, in full.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bw4tKd9823QFeatured image from video screenshot
PRISTINA (Reuters) - Kosovo accused Serbia of undermining a European Union-sponsored dialogue between the two countries by refusing to withdraw an international arrest warrant for Kosovo s prime minister.  Tensions between the states heightened early this year after Ramush Haradinaj, a former Kosovar guerilla leader who in September took over as prime minister, was arrested in France on an arrest warrant issued by Serbia. He was released after a French court rejected Belgrade s extradition request. Western officials based in Kosovo s capital of Pristina, as well as local security officials, fear Haradinaj could be arrested if he travels abroad for official visits if the arrest warrant is not withdrawn.  A visit to Brussels next week, Haradinaj s second trip to a foreign country since he took over two months ago, will be the next test.   Creating lists and accusing people with false evidences belongs to the dark times of the Serb state under (Slobodan) Milosevic,  Halil Matoshi, a political advisor to Haradinaj, said on Friday.  This does not contribute to the dialog between Kosovo and Serbia as two sovereign and neighboring states and the normalization of the relations between Belgrade and Pristina.   In September Serbian authorities said that the arrest warrant against Haradinaj remains in place.  Kosovo seceded from Serbia in 2008. Both states want to join the European Union but Brussels says they must normalize relations before their applications can go ahead. Both countries committed in 2013 to an EU-sponsored dialogue to resolve outstanding issues.  Serbia has charged Haradinaj with murdering Serbs in the late 1990s war. The 1998-99 conflict ended after NATO bombed the now-defunct Yugoslavia, then comprising Serbia and Montenegro, for 78 days to force a withdrawal of its troops from Kosovo and end a counter-insurgency campaign against ethnic Albanians.   Haradinaj, who has twice been tried and acquitted by the United Nations war crimes tribunal in the Hague, denies any wrongdoing.  Kosovo declared independence in 2008 but Serbia refuse to recognize its former breakaway province.  Backed by Russia and China, Serbia is blocking Pristina s membership in international organizations including United Nations and Interpol.   Pristina is constantly sending requests to Interpol to remove his name from the red notice but unfortunately that is not happening,  a senior Kosovo security source told Reuters.  These are politically motivated charges but any police officer at any border post will see his name in red notice and it is his or her obligation to respect that notice.  Kosovo is not a member of Interpol and any request to add or remove Kosovar nationals to watchlists goes through an office of United Nations in Pristina. A western diplomat in Pristina who asked not to be named said:  A quick solution must be found. This is a nonsense.     
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Senate Democratic leader Chuck Schumer said on Tuesday that President Donald Trump and his fellow Republicans in the Senate were not being truthful about what their tax plan does and how it would affect Americans, referring to a charge by Republican Senator Bob Corker that Trump routinely told untruths. “Unfortunately what the president says about tax reform has been correctly characterized by Senator Corker as ‘untruths.’ And Corker was being kind,” Schumer told reporters. “What the president says and what the Republican plan does are polar opposites.”  
By now, everyone is used to the rank ignorance and unabashed bigotry that is regularly displayed by Rep. Steve King (R-IA). After all, this is a man who has accused DREAMERS of being drug mules with no evidence, has tweeted overtly white nationalist sentiments, and has suggested that only white people have ever contributed to what he calls  western civilization. Here is video of that stunning statement:Now, he is at it again, and this time his target is an especially vulnerable group: Transgender soldiers.Taking to the floor of the House of Representatives during their  General Speeches  forum   a time in which people can apparently say whatever they like, no matter how outrageous   King ranted about transgender people in the military, compared gender reassignment to the castration of slaves in the Ottoman Empire, and generally made an ignorant ass of himself like always. After this lengthy and deeply offensive speech, King wound the whole thing up by ranting about how the only reason people will become Navy SEALS now is to get free gender reassignment surgery. He said: And we are thinking that we are going to make the military better while people lining up at the recruitment center who have planned to do sexual assignment surgery and know if I can get into the Navy, army, air force and Marines and become a Navy SEAL and submit to sexual reassignment surgery and go from a man to a woman. By the way, it doesn t look like there will be any women becoming men after going through SEAL training. So let me get this straight. Someone would go through the hell that is SEAL training just to get gender reassignment for free? Why would they do that? Any military member can get treatment under their health insurance provided to them for their brave and selfless service to our great nation.Rep. King, please educate yourself. You are an embarrassment to the people of your state and to the United States of America. Hopefully, one day the folks in your district will wake up and stop re-electing you.Watch video of the latest outrage below:Rep. Steve King promotes conspiracy that trans ppl join military for "free surgery" to "cut 'em up and remake 'em into something different." pic.twitter.com/Ym6v7BUAeX  Dominic Holden (@dominicholden) July 14, 2017GOP Rep. Steve King compares transgender troops to Ottoman empire eunuchs who wouldn't fight, says trans people will enlist just for surgery pic.twitter.com/kxoRsBdi7I  Dominic Holden (@dominicholden) July 14, 2017Featured image via Darren McCollester/Getty Images
PARIS (Reuters) - French President Emmanuel Macron said on Thursday that Poland s plans to overhaul the judiciary remained a cause for concern though there were a decreasing number of subjects where the two countries did not see eye-to-eye. Frosty even under the previous French administration, bilateral relations between the two powers reached a new low in August when Macron said the Polish people deserved better leaders and he shunned Poland during an eastern Europe tour. That prompted Polish Prime Minister Beata Szydlo at the time to call him  arrogant  and  inexperienced . But at a joint news conference on Thursday in Paris the two leaders appeared to want to put their differences to one side, with Macron saying:  We have disagreements, which we talked about, but also points on which we share views.  Poland s ruling Law and Justice (PiS) party has been increasingly at loggerheads with the EU since coming to office in late 2015, locked in disputes with the bloc over immigration and putting courts and media under more government control.  More than two dozen rights groups signed a petition this week saying plans to overhaul Poland s judiciary would end the country s status as a democratic state based on the rule of law. When he met Szydlo on Thursday, Macron avoided overt criticism and said it was not up to him to lecture another EU country on its domestic reforms. But he added that France would follow the conclusions of the EU Commission s investigation on Poland s judicial reforms. The EU is pressing a legal case against Poland over its judicial reform plans and has suggested the country could forfeit some development funds if it refuses to change course.   We will continue to exchange views on this topic for concerns,  Macron said.  If it turns out that what is done does not comply with European treaties, we will all draw the consequences.   If agreements are found, and it turns out it does comply, or if Poland changes the ongoing reform to comply - of which I m neither the judge nor the participant - then in that case we will no longer have any problem,  he added. Szydlo said Poland respected all the principles, values and rights of the European Union.  All the ongoing reforms comply with these principles,  she said. On another issue which has caused friction - the reform of the EU s directive on posted workers - Macron and Szydlo said there was room for compromise. The issue of the so-called posted workers pits wealthier countries against poorer peers keen to preserve current rules that allow their citizens to work elsewhere in the bloc for salaries higher than they would get at home but still lower than the local labor force. Macron won the backing of a majority of EU member states in October to limit  posted work , but Poland opposed it.  The most important thing is that we sit together at the table and talk,  Szydlo said on Thursday.     
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The White House counsel’s office has sent a memo instructing President Donald Trump’s aides to preserve materials that could be connected to suspected Russian interference in the 2016 election and related issues, an administration official said on Wednesday. The official, who spoke on condition of anonymity, confirmed an Associated Press report on the memo. AP, citing administration officials, said the memo was sent on Tuesday. U.S. intelligence agencies have concluded that Russia sought to influence the presidential election to help Trump defeat Democrat Hillary Clinton. Congressional committees are investigating Russia’s role in hacking Democratic Party computers and releasing the information publicly. Federal investigators have been looking into possible contacts between Trump advisers and Russia.     Senate Democrats last week asked the White House and law enforcement agencies to keep all materials involving contacts between Trump’s team and Russian officials, AP said. The Senate Intelligence Committee made a similar request, the AP said. 
(Reuters) - A U.S. appeals court is set to rule on Monday on whether to uphold President Donald Trump’s temporary travel ban, a court official from the 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in San Francisco said.  The court is reviewing a March ruling by a Hawaii-based federal judge that blocked parts of Trump’s order that aimed to temporarily halt the entry of people from six Muslim-majority nations and refugees. 
 WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald J. Trump is planning to increase U.S. defense spending by $54 billion next year. But a series of recent reports by the Defense Department Inspector General and the Government Accountability Office say that Pentagon accounting systems will struggle to track how the money is spent.  The reports found that the Pentagon remains unable to accurately track its $591 billion annual budget and experiences billions of dollars in accounting gaps and errors each year despite two decades of reform efforts. Taken together, the reports show that many of the endemic accounting problems exposed in a 2013 Reuters investigative series remain in place.  “These deficiencies not only affect (the Department of Defense’s) ability to have auditable financial statements,” a Feb. 9 Government Accountability Office (GAO) report found, “they also affect its ability to make sound decisions on missions and operations.”  A spokesman for the White House’s Office of Management Budget (OMB) said he was confident that Defense Secretary James Mattis would properly spend the additional funds.  “The need to replenish our military and bolster American security is unquestioned and an important priority of this president,” OMB Communications Director John Czwartacki said in a statement. “We believe Secretary Mattis will deploy all of his resources in the most effective and efficient way possible.”  Critics of wasteful Pentagon spending say increasing the Defense Department budget is unwise when the department is unable to account for what it already has.  “It’s ludicrous,” said Mandy Smithberger, director of the Straus Military Reform Project in Washington. “Reform isn’t going to happen as long as the spigot is turned on.”  The Pentagon’s continued accounting problems are drawing particular scrutiny now because the Defense Department faces a congressionally mandated legal deadline of Sept. 30, 2017, to become ready for its first audit ever. Unlike every other U.S. government department, the Pentagon has never undergone an audit because its financial records are in such disarray.  A spokesman for the Defense Department comptroller’s office said he is confident it will meet the deadline.  “The Department is committed and on track to be ready to undergo a full financial statement audit in (fiscal year) 2018,” Lieutenant Colonel Eric D. Badger said in an email.  At the same time Trump proposes to boost defense spending, he has called for deep cuts to other areas, a White House summary of his proposed 2018 budget shows. Whether Congress will accept or reject Trump’s proposals is unclear.  Trump calls for cutting the State Department’s budget by $10.1 billion, or 28%. Among other things, U.S. payments to support the United Nations would be cut.  The Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) would take a particularly big hit. Trump would cut $2.6 billion, or 31%, of its budget. The White House document says the budget would eliminate more than 50 EPA programs, and cut EPA’s research and development budget by $233 million, or 52%. The budget for grants to states for lead clean-up would be cut by 30% to $9.8 million.  The recent watchdog reports on the Defense Department found that it lacks a unified, functioning accounting system. As Reuters reported in its 2013 series, the Pentagon has hundreds of independent systems, built ad hoc and some dating from the 1970s, that are riddled with errors and incapable of sharing accurate data.  Billions of dollars disappear from accounting records. The military has spent large sums building new systems meant to solve the problem, but so far they have not.  A March 16 Defense Department Inspector General report said the Navy could not find any records to back up how it had spent $866 million in the first quarter of 2016 in U.S. military operations in Afghanistan. The report said that as a result, there was no way to know what the money actually was used for.  A Navy spokeswoman, Lieutenant Kara YingLing, referred Reuters to the Navy’s official response to the report, which said the Navy agreed with the Inspector General’s conclusions but said its accounting problems will not be fixed until it begins using a new computer system in 2019. YingLing said the Navy is “on track” to help the Pentagon meet its Sept. 30 audit deadline.  The Feb. 9 GAO report said the Pentagon’s continued bookkeeping errors affect the federal government as a whole. Defense spending makes up such a large part of the federal budget that the department’s unreliable data skews accounting for the entire U.S. government, the GAO said.  The report noted that the Defense Department has been on the GAO’s list of “High Risk” entities that represent threats to the federal government’s financial well-being since 1995. The report said the Pentagon has remained on the list because of “long-standing deficiencies with its financial management systems.”  The GAO report noted that the Pentagon had hired large independent accounting firms for each of the military services to try to help them meet the Sept. 30 audit deadline. But the report said the firms have found so many problems that the ability of the Pentagon to meet the deadline remains in doubt.  A separate Defense Department Inspector General report issued on March 23, 2017, found that the Army continues to be unable to balance its checkbook. The report concluded that the problem for the Army grew worse in 2016.  The report said that for October 2015, the Army had 177,921 discrepancies. The monthly numbers rose steadily to 790,551 for June 2016. The report did not give dollar amounts for those months.  Army spokesman Wayne Hall said the number of discrepancies continued to increase in 2017 because planned fixes to computer systems have not yet been made. He said the Army is working on building more reliable systems.  The report said that because rules require that the Army’s numbers exactly match in monthly reports to the Treasury, the Army and the Defense Finance and Accounting Service must find a way to make them match. Their solution was to enter made-up numbers to make it appear falsely that the Army’s numbers do match.  The report said that for March 2016, there were $1.9 billion in such “forced balance entries.” Hall said the Army must make the numbers match under federal rules.  In separate reports, the Inspector General found that other military services have also had problems balancing their financial numbers with the Treasury’s. Accountants interviewed by Reuters said that such large discrepancies would be considered accounting fraud in the corporate world.  Badger, the spokesman for the Defense Department comptroller’s office, said any errors by the military services were unintentional.  “We strongly oppose any accusation of intentionally misrepresenting our books,” Badger said in an email. “Many manual accounting adjustments are often caused by the ineffective design of legacy business or financial systems.”  Trump has said the $54 billion in increased defense spending will send a “message to the world in these dangerous times of American strength, security and resolve.” Trump has also vowed to negotiate cheaper contracts with defense contractors, a problem also cited in recent watchdog reports.  In a March 2016 report, the Inspector General found that the Air Force had spent “billions” on a contract to maintain one type of jet engine, without first getting any idea of a fair price.  The open-ended contract, with a guaranteed profit margin regardless of cost, was awarded in 2011. The report said that before signing the contract the Air Force obtained no data on the actual cost of the repairs and how the costs compared to private-sector rates.  The exact amount of the contract was redacted from the report. The Inspector General has not ruled on a March 2016 Freedom of Information Act request filed by Reuters that asked for the redacted information to be made public.  
University of Michigan is located in Ann Arbor, MI, and is home to over 43,000 students. Students at U of M and residents of Ann Arbor can purchase legal marijuana on just about every corner. But purchasing legal cigarettes just became a problem for anyone under the age of 21, despite a state law that allows anyone 18 years of age or older to purchase legal tobacco products in the state of Michigan. Why, and how can a city council make these kinds of emotional decisions that supersede state law? Because liberals always know what s best for you There is no room for discussion. Decisions made by progressive government officials don t have to be based on logic, or in this case, on state law; they just have to have enough emotion behind them to sway their comrades on the city council. This story is a perfect example of why Americans need to know who is running for city council in their hometowns and major cities when election time comes around The Ann Arbor City Council last week voted for an ordinance that will ban the sale of tobacco products to people under 21, making it the first city in Michigan to raise the legal purchasing age from 18.Kai Petainen, an Ann Arbor resident who attended the city council meeting, said he recently went to a funeral of a 23-year-old who died from a drug overdose. That friend used tobacco as a gateway drug, he said. It s a funeral of a person who died at only 23 and it was from an overdose. That person began using tobacco at a young age, and eventually they were using other drugs as well,  he said.  Tobacco use can lead to other drugs and it can and does destroy lives. Tobacco shops in Ann Arbor have said the ordinance will drive customers out of the city.The Council voted 9-2 on Aug. 4 for an ordinance sponsored by Council Member Julie Grand, a Democrat representing the city s 3rd Ward.Ann Arbor officials were explicit about their lack of concern with whether the ordinance conflicts with state law, and that they hope the rest of the state follows the city s lead. The tobacco lobby has inflicted enough misery on this country and I m happy to do anything we can to play a leadership role on this effort in Michigan,  Kirk Westphal, a Democratic council member from the 2nd Ward said, according to The Ann Arbor News. It s particularly important to me,  said Council Member Chip Smith, a Democrat from the 5th Ward.  But really what compels me to support this is the fact that Ann Arbor is a leader in things, and this is exactly the type of thing we should be leading on, and I m very happy to support this. In addition to the apparent conflict with a state law preempting local regulations, critics of the ordinance are concerned that its effect would be to send people under 21 to neighboring cities like Ypsilanti or Canton to buy tobacco products.Jack Eaton, a Democrat from the 4th Ward, and Jane Lumm, an independent from the 2nd Ward, voted against the ordinance. According to The Ann Arbor News, they cited Michigan s Tobacco Products Tax Act of 1993 as the cause for their concern.The act says municipalities  shall not impose any new requirement or prohibition pertaining to the sale or licensure of tobacco products for distribution purposes.    MICapConThis new ordinance that will prohibit the sale of tobacco to anyone under the age of 21 years, goes hand-in-hand with the University of Michigan s NO SMOKING ANYWHERE ON CAMPUS law that went into effect on July 1, 2011.Watch the idiocy of this intrusive campus law explained here:Meanwhile, Michigan State University just made it ILLEGAL to SMOKE TOBACCO IN YOUR OWN PRIVATE VEHICLE as long as you are on campus property!Beginning on Aug. 15, a new tobacco-free policy at Michigan State University will make drivers subject to a $150 fine for choosing to smoke or chew tobacco while traveling on public roads that cross the school s East Lansing campus.The ordinance was passed by the board of trustees on June 17, 2015. Its effective date was set for more than a year later on Aug. 15, 2016. A new policy is an effective, cost-efficient way to protect the health of the campus community and encourage tobacco users to reduce or eliminate consumption, thus increasing life, longevity and vitality,  the MSU tobacco-free website states.  Most tobacco users want to quit, and tobacco-free environments encourage users to quit and help them maintain a tobacco and nicotine free status. Students and MSU employees could face additional sanctions. Students who continually violate the ordinance could face sanction through the student judicial system, and employees could face repercussions via Human Resources (just as students and employees could for violating any MSU ordinance),  Cody said.The ban also extends to the use of e-cigarettes and smokeless tobacco on campus, including inside a private vehicle. 
The Turkish government has blocked access to Wikipedia, the online encyclopedia. When people throughout the country try to access the site, all they will see is a swirly symbol until they see a message that the connection to the server has timed out. Turkey was recently subject to a failed coup attempt, and in the aftermath President Erdo an used the incident to seize greater powers over the government, becoming a dictator. Trump praised this.The official reason the Turkish government has given is that the site,  has started acting as part of the circles who carry out a smear campaign against Turkey in the international arena, rather than being cooperative in fight against terror.  This is according to a statement by Turkish ministry officials. There have been articles posted to Wikipedia that equate the Turkish government with various terror groups.The Turkey Blocks organization that watches for these kinds of blocks announced the government actions against Wikipedia. Johnny Wales, the founder of Wikipedia took to Twitter to voice his objections. He posted,  Access to information is a fundamental human right. The Turkish people I will always stand with you to fight for this right. While other sites are working normally right now, the Turkish government has used its power to cut off access to other sites in the past. For example, it blocked access to YouTube for several months in 2014. This was in response to a video the site showed of a meeting in Syria on security. The year before that, the government shut off access to a variety of social media channels such as Twitter and Facebook due to bomb attacks or widespread protests.Last November, limitations were placed on access to Twitter, Facebook, YouTube and WhatsApp.Some clever internet users have been able to get around the blocks by using VPNs. Increasingly, the government has been finding ways to keep these users from accessing banned sites.The government admits that from  time to time for security reasons we can use such measures  These are temporary measures. Once the danger is passed, everything returns to normal.  This is according to Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim.Featured image via Getty Images
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Omarosa Manigault Newman, a former reality television star-turned political aide to U.S. President Donald Trump, has resigned from the White House to “pursue other opportunities,” Trump’s spokeswoman Sarah Sanders said on Wednesday. Newman served as assistant to the president and director of communications for the White House’s Office of Public Liaison.  A former star of Trump’s TV show “The Apprentice,” Newman worked as the director of African-American outreach on Trump’s 2016 presidential campaign. Sanders said Newman’s departure would take effect Jan. 20, 2018.  Newman had what sometimes appeared to be an ambiguous role in the White House orbit. The New York Times reported in September that chief of staff John Kelly had put her on a “no-fly list” of aides who he did not consider fit to attend serious meetings. Sources with ties to the White House have said they expect a wave of departures from the administration once Trump has completed his first year in office. 
(Reuters) - A New York comedian has been compelled to appear before a House Intelligence Committee investigating suspected Russian meddling in the 2016 U.S. election where he will likely face questions about acting as a go-between for Wikileaks and an ally of President Donald Trump.  Randy Credico, a political activist who hosted a radio show on New York radio, is scheduled to appear in front of the committee on Dec. 15, according to a photo of the subpoena posted on his Twitter account.  On several occasions over the last few years, Credico interviewed and met with WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange, a man believed by some U.S. officials and lawmakers to be an untrustworthy pawn of Russian President Vladimir Putin.  Assange’s group released Democratic emails during the 2016 presidential campaign that U.S. intelligence agencies say were hacked by Russia to try to tilt the election against Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton. He is regarded with distaste by many in Washington, although Trump, then the Republican candidate, supported the group’s email releases last year. Credico has also interviewed Republican political consultant Roger Stone, a longtime Trump ally, who he worked with in the past to reform New York’s drug laws, according to the New York Times.  Stone flatly denied allegations of collusion between the president’s associates and Russia during the 2016 U.S. election in a meeting with House of Representatives Intelligence Committee in September.  During his appearance in front of the committee, Stone refused to identify an “opinion journalist” who had acted as a go-between between Stone and Assange. According to Stone’s own account to Reuters, he “reluctantly” identified the journalist as Credico in written communication to the committee.  The committee has been interested in predictions that Stone made about damage the email release would have on Clinton’s campaign, the Times reported. 
PARIS (Reuters) - French voters view far leftist Jean-Luc Melenchon as the strongest opponent of President Emmanuel Macron, according to a new poll on Tuesday that highlights the weakness of mainstream opposition. The Ifop-Fiducial poll showed Macron s popularity has dropped sharply since he took power in May but its key finding could help him as he embarks on reforms because polls show voters see Melenchon as too extreme to be a serious candidate for power.  Melenchon is very much on the protest front but not seen as an actual alternative (to Macron),  said Frederic Dab of Ifop pollsters.   That can be an opportunity for Emmanuel Macron, allowing him to create a vacuum around him and replace the left-right divide by a reform vs protest debate.  The poll for Paris Match and Sud Radio showed 45 percent of voters say Melenchon s  France Unbowed  party provides the strongest opposition to Macron. That is more than twice the figure for the conservative Republicans (LR) or the far-right National Front (FN). Only 8 percent mentioned the Socialists. France Unbowed has been much more vocal than the conservatives or Socialists. The Republicans have been subdued in the wake of their defeat in the presidential election and divided over what stance to take toward Macron, whose economic policies resemble what many in their party have asked for for years. All three parties are struggling to get their voices heard above Macron and Melenchon s criticism of each other.  Macron is trying to eliminate anything there is between him and extreme parties. I won t let him do that ... I won t resign myself to Melenchon being the only opposition to Macron,  Laurent Wauquiez, the frontrunner to win LR s leadership in December, said on Sunday.  A government source said Melenchon s relative strength was welcome and he was Macron s only proper opponent.   I was praying to have Jean-Luc Melenchon and Marine Le Pen in parliament ... The Emmanuel Macron/Edouard Philippe alliance was meant to get the Socialist Party and the right to explode and we are not disappointed,  the source said. He was referring to the fact that Macron s prime minister Philippe comes from LR.     Melenchon strongly opposes Macron s plans to overhaul labor laws but his party can do little to block the measures because it has just 17 lawmakers in the 577-strong parliament. Melenchon, an anti-NATO euroskeptic known for his fiery debating style, has called on his supporters to march on Sept. 23 to protest the labor reforms, which will give companies more flexibility on firings, pay and working hours. The poll confirmed Macron s drop in popularity with 46 percent saying they approved of his policies, down 10 points from July. 
One year later, and Donald Trump s supporters couldn t be happier with their choice for President. Prepare for liberal heads to explode in 5 4 3 2 1According to a POLITICO/Morning Consult poll conducted on the eve of the first anniversary of Trump s historic election, 82 percent of those who say they supported Trump last year would vote for him again if they had to do it over. That s slightly more than those who say they would vote for Democrat Hillary Clinton again   78 percent   if they had the chance.Only 7 percent of Trump voters and 8 percent of Clinton voters say they would vote for a different candidate if they could complete their 2016 ballot again.Trump s supporters have largely rallied around the president, despite his poor overall approval ratings, the chaos of his first year in office and the ongoing investigations into Russian meddling in the 2016 election.But there are worrying signs for Trump that voters are less inclined to give him a second term three years from now if he decides to run for reelection.Those red flags go beyond the natural, downward trajectory of most new presidents. Like Trump, Barack Obama and George W. Bush saw their parties lose governorships in both New Jersey and Virginia the year after their first elections as president. But both Obama and Bush had job-approval ratings over 50 percent at this point.While most Trump voters would back him in a 2016 do-over, some defect when asked whether they will vote for Trump or a generic, unnamed Democrat in 2020. About three-quarters of Trump voters, 76 percent, back Trump in the 2020 matchup, while 8 percent would support the Democrat.  Politico
EDINBURGH (Reuters) - Pro-independence Scottish lawmakers have presented a motion in their devolved parliament urging international recognition of Catalonia s unilateral declaration of independence from Spain, putting pressure on Scotland s leader to endorse the movement. Scotland s pro-independence First Minister Nicola Sturgeon has criticized Madrid s handling of the crisis with its northern region but refrained from backing the declaration. The European Union, which she would like to see admitting a future independent Scotland, has backed Spain s central government. According to the website of the Scottish parliament, the lawmakers  motion called on  the international community to recognize the vote of the Catalan parliament for an independent republic of Catalonia . Catalonia declared independence unilaterally last week after holding a vote banned under Spain s constitution. Spain has since sacked the autonomous Catalan government and called regional elections. The motion was signed by 21 of the 63 lawmakers in the Scottish National Party which runs the devolved government in Scotland. It was also signed by one lawmaker from the Scottish Greens but is unlikely to go further as it requires support from three parties to be debated in the Scottish parliament. The move, aimed at drawing attention to the Catalan situation, comes amid nervousness about the future of Scotland s stalled independence drive, which still has the support of around 45 percent of voters, according to polls. Some nationalists last month called on First Minister Sturgeon, who has made comments in support of Catalonia and its right to self-determination, to recognize Catalonia s independence, but to no avail.   We cannot recognize Catalan independence because, much as we would like to be, we are not a sovereign state,  a Scottish government source said at the time. The Times reported on Thursday that the Catalan breakaway government had asked for support from the Scottish government but received no reply. The Scottish government could not immediately be reached for comment. Sturgeon s Scottish National Party lost one third of its seats in a June election for Britain s national party in London, and has blamed the mistiming of a fresh drive for an independence referendum for the result. Scots rejected independence by a 10-percentage point margin in 2014 but Britain s vote to leave the European Union has exposed fresh divisions in the United Kingdom. Scotland and Northern Ireland voted to stay in the EU, while Wales and England voted to leave. 
Donald Trump is INSANE.In yet another tweet demonstrating that he is poised to wipe out humanity, Trump called for expanding America s nuclear capability because he thinks the only way to convince the world that nukes are bad is if we make more of them.The United States must greatly strengthen and expand its nuclear capability until such time as the world comes to its senses regarding nukes  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) December 22, 2016But America already has an arsenal of over 6,000 nuclear warheads at the ready, and even that s too much since we could blow up the world over a dozen times and still have some nuclear weapons left.Only Russia has more nuclear weapons than us while most nations have an arsenal of a couple hundred or less, according to the International Campaign to Abolish Nuclear Weapons.Anyway, lots of people are like,  BUT WE NEED MORE NUKES TO DEFEND OURSELVES! Reality  https://t.co/Jh70CX6Ctp pic.twitter.com/XRWzuO9PCN  Parker Molloy (@ParkerMolloy) December 22, 2016In short, expanding our capability would be a waste of taxpayer money and would do absolutely nothing to keep Americans safe. Instead, it would force other nations to ramp up their own nuclear warhead production and increase the chances of a nuclear weapon falling into the hands of terrorists.And let s not forget that Donald Trump has already inquired into using nuclear weapons and suggested that he would use nuclear weapons in Europe.And now that Trump will have the nuclear codes and the ability to launch them whenever at whomever he pleases, this latest tweet makes it clear how dangerous Trump is. In fact, nothing stops him from nuking someone over the smallest of slights. And we damn sure have to wonder if Trump is set to financially profit from increased nuclear weapon production.Understandably, many Twitter users are freaking out now..@realDonaldTrump Expanding our nuclear weapons program is how we got into this mess in the first place. You are going to get us all killed.  Danielle Muscato (@DanielleMuscato) December 22, 2016@realDonaldTrump I agree. The world must come to its senses. Your impeachment will be a good start.  Nick Jack Pappas (@Pappiness) December 22, 2016@realDonaldTrump America has just elected a human weapon of mass destruction.  Nick Jack Pappas (@Pappiness) December 22, 2016@realDonaldTrump we just invested over $1 trillion in the nuclear arsenal, what the hell are you talking about  Ken Klippenstein (@kenklippenstein) December 22, 2016.@realDonaldTrump the world hasn t used nukes. That s as sensible as it gets. Please don t buck that trend.  Isaac Saul (@Ike_Saul) December 22, 2016@realDonaldTrump Was just thinking we need to build tons more nukes and give control to guy who can t control his rage at Rosie O Donnell.  pourmecoffee (@pourmecoffee) December 22, 2016@realDonaldTrump This is not how a President handles communicating about nuclear weapons. Are you trying to *literally* destroy the world?  Brandan Robertson (@BrandanJR) December 22, 2016Donald Trump and his Republican enablers are pushing our country toward war. Trump is stacking his cabinet with former generals, thus blurring the lines between the military and civilian leadership. He has been angering our allies by violating decades of policy and is laying the groundwork for pulling American support from NATO, which would allow Russia to be more aggressive towards Europe.Every day that Trump is allowed to be president puts this country more at risk.And now he wants to start another nuclear arms race. This is not good.Featured image via Pixabay 
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President-elect Donald Trump is receiving an average of one presidential intelligence briefing a week, according to U.S. officials familiar with the matter, far fewer than most of his recent predecessors. Although they are not required to, presidents-elect have in the past generally welcomed the opportunity to receive the President’s Daily Brief (PDB), the most highly classified and closely held document in the government, on a regular basis. It was not immediately clear why Trump has decided not to receive the intelligence briefings available to President Barack Obama more frequently, or whether that has made any difference in his presidential preparations.  An official on the transition team said on Thursday that Trump has been receiving national security briefings, including “routine” PDBs and other special briefings, but declined to specify their content or frequency, saying these matters were classified. Trump has asked for at least one briefing, and possibly more, from intelligence agencies on specific subjects, one of the officials said. The source declined to identify what subjects interested the president-elect, but said that so far they have not included Russia or Iran. Indiana Governor Mike Pence, Trump’s vice president-elect, has been receiving his own PDB at least six days a week, the sources familiar with the matter said. Former Central Intelligence Agency briefer David Priess, the author of a book about PDBs, said that traditionally, Trump and Pence’s predecessors sat for “daily or near-daily intelligence briefings” between their elections and their inaugurations. He said Jimmy Carter and Ronald Reagan did not start receiving their daily briefings until later in November, while the delayed election result in 2000 meant that George W. Bush did not start receiving his until December.  The briefings are not compulsory. Priess said that after his first election, Richard Nixon spurned face-to-face briefings, so paper PDBs were delivered to his office, only for a “stack” of them to be later returned to the CIA, unopened. Trump’s casual attitude to the briefings attracted criticism from Representative Adam Schiff, the top Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee. “It is deeply disturbing that the president-elect has time for rallies but not for regular intelligence briefings,” Schiff said.  During the run-up to the Nov. 8 presidential election, Trump and a handful of advisers received at least two briefings from intelligence officials about broad national security issues. However, the pre-election briefings did not include the kind of secrets that are included in the PDBs that Obama, Trump and Pence now have access to. Such secrets include information about U.S. espionage sources and covert operations overseas. PDBs are presented to presidents and their closest aides by representatives of the Office of the Director of National Intelligence (ODNI), though material in them is prepared by the CIA, the National Security Agency, the Defense Intelligence Agency and other parts of the U.S. intelligence community, the officials said. During and after the election campaign, Trump raised questions about the intelligence on hacking of U.S. political institutions. In a statement on Oct. 7, ODNI and the Department of Homeland Security expressed confidence that the Russian government had “directed” hacking into “emails from U.S. persons and institutions” that was “intended to interfere with the U.S. election process.” Trump, however, has repeatedly dismissed suggestions that Russia was behind the efforts, telling Time magazine earlier this week: “I don’t believe they interfered ... It could be Russia. It could be China. And it could be some guy in his home in New Jersey.” (Corrects to say Iran, not France, in fifth paragraph) 
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump sought to push his crusade for fair trade and more manufacturing jobs back to the top of his agenda on Friday by ordering a study into the causes of U.S. trade deficits and a clampdown on import duty evasion. The executive orders came a week after Trump’s promise to replace Obamacare imploded in Congress and a week before he meets with Chinese President Xi Jinping in Florida, a summit that promises to be fraught with trade tensions.  Trump said at a White House signing ceremony that he and Xi were “going to get down to some serious business” next week and vowed that “the theft of American prosperity” by foreign countries would end.  One of the orders directed the Commerce Department and the U.S. trade representative to conduct a 90-day review of the causes of massive U.S. trade deficits. It will study the effects of abuses such as the dumping of products below costs, unfair subsidies, “misaligned” currencies and “non-reciprocal” trade practices by other countries. “We’re going to investigate all trade abuses, and, based on those findings, we will take necessary and lawful action to end those many abuses,” Trump said, adding that he wasn’t beholden to any businesses. Trump administration officials have said they plan tougher enforcement of U.S. trade remedy laws and will initiate more unilateral trade deals. In his 2016 White House bid, the New York businessman campaigned heavily against free-trade deals and accused China of draining jobs from U.S. factory towns with cheap exports.    Chinese Vice Foreign Minister Zheng Zeguang on Friday said the U.S.-China trade imbalance was mostly the result of differences in the two countries’ economic structures and noted that China had a trade deficit in services. “China does not deliberately seek a trade surplus. We also have no intention of carrying out competitive currency devaluation to stimulate exports.” Zheng told a briefing about the Xi-Trump meeting. The study of trade abuses appeared aimed at justifying unilateral retaliatory trade actions by the United States, said Matt Gold, a former deputy assistant U.S. trade representative who is now an adjunct trade law professor at Fordham University in New York. “They probably think it will give them better political ammunition,” Gold said. But he added that it would not likely reveal anything that is not already in the Office of the U.S. Trade Representative’s annual list of trade barriers, which also was released on Friday. The report criticized China’s excess industrial capacity and requirements for technology transfers and cyber security, which it said are aimed displacing foreign products with domestic versions. The trade abuses study will focus on those countries that have chronic goods trade surpluses with the United States.  China tops the list, with a $347 billion surplus last year, followed by Japan, with a $69 billion surplus, Germany at $65 billion, Mexico at $63 billion, Ireland at $36 billion and Vietnam at $32 billion. The study also will examine past trade deals that have failed to produce forecast benefits for the United States, as well as World Trade Organization rules that U.S. Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross said do not treat countries equally, such as on taxation. The United States has long complained that WTO rules allow exports from other countries to be exempt from value-added taxes (VAT), but do not allow equivalent corporate income tax benefits for U.S. exporters. The Trump administration is considering a border tax that would be levied on imports and which would aim to put the United States on a similar tax basis for trade as countries that have VAT. The second trade order will fight nonpayment and under-collection of anti-dumping and anti-subsidy duties the United States slaps on many foreign goods. White House National Trade Council Director Peter Navarro said some $2.8 billion in such duties went uncollected between 2001 and the end of 2016 from companies in some 40 countries. Navarro said the order directs the Commerce and Homeland Security departments to close these gaps by imposing tougher bonding requirements to ensure duty collections and new legal requirements for assessing risks associated with importers. 
Republican presidential candidate Ted Cruz is, once again, under fire for using dirty campaign tactics in the GOP primary race.The controversy stems for a website created by the Cruz campaign. The site, therealrubiorecord.com, attempts to posit Marco Rubio as a  Republican Obama.  The fact that the allegation is completely asinine isn t what is causing the stir. It is rather, the poor Photoshop job the campaign did with one of the site s graphics.See this handshake? Totally not real.Rubio advisor @dtoddharris on photoshop: "This is how phony and deceitful the Cruz campaign has become" pic.twitter.com/AlZphykHIK  Zeke Miller (@ZekeJMiller) February 18, 2016The Cruz campaign responded to criticisms of the website. They did not deny that the handshake image was faked, they focused on their anti-Rubio talking points. Cruz spokesman Rick Tyler said: Of course Marco Rubio is throwing a fit because he s ashamed of his liberal record of standing with Chuck Schumer and Barack Obama to try to pass amnesty. And let s not let Rubio s dirty campaign tactics get a free pass here   Rubio is having his supporters crash opponent events and tape literature inside women s bathroom stalls, and his campaign is running intentionally misleading statewide robocalls. Again, Rubio will do anything to distract away from his liberal record. Once news spread about the site s use of fake photos, conservative supporters of Rubio and others took to Twitter to mock the candidate. The hashtag #CruzPhotoshop shows some of the hilarious mockeries that are being aimed at the Cruz campaign.Truly terrifying #CruzPhotoshop pic.twitter.com/WctGDmwbXo  Troompa Loompa (@TroompaLoompa) February 18, 2016"I'll never let go, Ted. I'll never let go." #cruzphotoshop pic.twitter.com/15UpFXqlxY  Ashley (@Ashley67311506) February 18, 2016SHOCKING. Cruz campaign showing evidence @marcorubio was near the grassy knoll when JFK was killed. #CruzPhotoshop pic.twitter.com/1RjW9uQjC1  MWePolitics (@MWPolitics) February 18, 2016Cruz does have a lot to gain by driving home the point that Rubio is in favor of the Trans-Pacific Partnership. It won t sit well with Republicans who are against the TPP. The trade deal is opposed by all Democratic presidential candidates   both those still running and those who have dropped out of the race. For a candidate as extreme as Cruz is, he needs something to stand behind that makes him look appealing to moderates. Judging by the Rubio supporters reaction, the stunt may have backfired for Cruz. Then again, far more people are talking about the site than if the campaign had not used a fake photo. In the world of political PR stunts, every result is mixed.Featured image from Gage Skidmore via Flickr
BEIRUT (Reuters) - Syrian rebels in a pocket of land near where the Syrian, Lebanese and Israeli borders meet are negotiating a deal with the government to leave for other insurgent-held areas, rebel officials there said. The Syrian army, backed by Russian air power, Shi ite militias supported by Iran and local fighters from the Druze sect have besieged the rebel enclave around Beit Jin for weeks. In recent days it captured various positions, leaving the rebels trapped inside the town itself.  There is now negotiation on the departure of fighters and those who wish to leave with them,  said Abu Kanaan, an official in a local rebel group.  The militias are trying to convince them to evacuate to Idlib... There has been no agreement reached yet,  said Ibrahim al-Jebawi, an official with a Free Syrian Army faction familiar with the situation.  Syria s army and its allies have increasingly pushed for such evacuation deals for rebel enclaves near big cities or in other strategic locations after long periods of siege and bombardment.  The area around Beit Jin is sensitive because of its location next to the Israel-controlled Golan Heights.  Israel wants to keep Lebanon s Hezbollah, the most powerful of the Iran-backed militias aiding Syrian President Bashar al-Assad against the rebel groups, far away from its border with Syria.  It has repeatedly targeted military positions in Syria near the border after stray projectiles crossed into Israeli-controlled areas, and it has struck Hezbollah convoys and weapons caches inside Syria. 
With Reince Priebus out as White House chief of staff, and General John Kelly in, Trump and others are probably hoping that things will quickly fall in line. But Kelly doesn t see his biggest job as managing the White House staff   he sees it as managing Donald Trump. Specifically, one of his biggest jobs, in his view, is controlling Trump s Twitter habit.Trump uses his Twitter account to tweet everything from childish temper tantrums over the Russia probe and  fake news,  to lying in order to appear totally great and awesome and like he s the best person ever to walk the Earth, to creating actual policy. The most recent example of his problems with creating policy on social media is when he tried to reinstate the military s ban on transgender people serving via Twitter, catching the Pentagon off-guard despite his lie that he d come to that decision after heavy consultation with his military generals. In fact, lawyers from the Department of Defense had repeatedly tried to warn him off that ban while they worked on the best way to do things. Apparently, he was impatient and thought he would force the DoD to work faster if he just came out with it.He s also insulted our allies and made blatantly false accusations on Twitter. Despite that, Sean Spicer said back in early June that Trump s tweets are official White House statements. Some say that Trump is blurring the lines between opinion and policy whether he s making official statements or not.And this is what General Kelly sees as his biggest job   reining this kind of behavior, or at least  pushing his tweets in the right direction,  as it was put to Politico. Kelly has given up on trying to keep Trump off of Twitter entirely, but he does believe he should work to keep Trump from using Twitter like a spoiled rotten toddler who s mad that he s not getting his way on everything.In other words, his biggest job is taking on the role of parent or babysitter working to limit what a poorly-behaved child can do. And he s taking on this role for a 71-year old man-baby.Kelly wants to know what Trump is going to tweet before he tweets it. He wants to put a system in place where aides and advisers don t find out about policy decisions via Twitter. But Trump s worst, most frustrated, and most damaging tweets often come late at night or early in the morning   times Kelly says he can t monitor. So he s got his work cut out for him if he thinks he can rein in Trump s tweeting.Featured image via Chris Kleponis-Pool/Getty Images
What the heck is wrong with these loony liberal political hack Supreme Court justices? We had a proclamation from Latina Sotomayor that white men couldn t possibly know what it s like to be a minority huh?  Now we have Ruth  Buzzy  Ginsburg saying that if Hillary doesn t win then  everything is up for grabs . She also put in a plug for a pro-Hillary presidency saying she doesn t want to think about a Trump presidency. What the heck is up with these supposedly unbiased people who should not be speaking out politically. All the more reason to vote for Trump to make the court more conservative just to piss off the political hags hacks on the court WASHINGTON   Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg says she doesn t want to think about the possibility of Donald Trump winning the White House, and she predicts the next president    whoever she will be    will have a few appointments to make to the Supreme Court.In an interview Thursday in her court office, the 83-year-old justice and leader of the court s liberal wing said she presumes Democrat Hillary Clinton will be the next president. Asked what if Republican Donald Trump won instead, she said,  I don t want to think about that possibility, but if it should be, then everything is up for grabs. That includes the future of the high court itself, on which she is the oldest justice. Two justices, Anthony Kennedy and Stephen Breyer, are in their late 70s. It s likely that the next president, whoever she will be, will have a few appointments to make,  Ginsburg said, smiling.She didn t sound as though she is preparing to step down soon and shows no signs of slowing down. Ginsburg said she has been catching up on sleep since the court finished its work last week before a busy summer of travel that will take her to Europe and, as is her custom, to see as much opera as she can fit in.In the wide-ranging interview, Ginsburg reviewed the just-ended term during which she lost her best friend on the court and, partly as a result, was on the winning side of most of the high-profile cases. Justice Antonin Scalia died in February, depriving his conservative allies of a reliable vote and leaving eight justices to decide nearly five dozen cases.President Barack Obama has nominated Judge Merrick Garland for the ninth seat, but Senate Republicans have refused to hold a hearing or vote on Garland s nomination, arguing the next president should have the right to name Scalia s replacement. Even if the Senate were to confirm Garland after the election, the court probably would hear three months of cases without him, Ginsburg said.And if there s no action in a post-election, lame-duck session of Congress, the vacancy could last the entire term, she said.She said court majorities this term moved to shut down tactics used by opponents of abortion and of affirmative action in higher education in two major cases.Ginsburg said she doesn t expect to see any more such cases after the court upheld the use of race in college admissions in Texas and struck down Texas abortion-clinic regulations that the state said were needed to protect patients. It seemed to me it was a sham to pretend this was about a woman s health,  rather than about making it harder to get an abortion, Ginsburg said.She disputed reports that the court is taking on only relatively unimportant cases while waiting for a ninth justice. It isn t so. We haven t selected them with a view to dodging challenging cases. We take them as they come to us,  she said.Via: CBS
HOUSTON (Reuters) - A Republican-led congressional committee sought on Friday to assert oversight over inquiries that about 20 states are making into Exxon Mobil and climate change, reiterating demands to know more about state attorneys general’s consultations with environmental groups. In a letter, some 17 members of Congress and ranking members of the House Science, Space, and Technology Committee said they have broad jurisdiction that allows them to review investigations carried out by states. The committee was pushing back against state officials who have said they are not subject to federal oversight. The standoff is the latest in a high-stakes battle between the world’s largest publicly traded oil company and a coalition of state attorneys general who have said they would go after Exxon in a bid to force congressional action to tackle climate change. About 20 state officials jointly said in March they would participate in inquiries into whether Exxon executives misled the public by contradicting research from company scientists that spelled out the threats of climate change. Prior to that March announcement, some state officials met with a range of prominent environmental and investment groups that oppose fossil fuels. The House committee has complained the inquiries risk stifling free speech and scientific inquiry, and that state officials were coordinating with special interest groups. The House committee demanded for the second time since May that state officials hand over all records of communications between their offices and outside groups. “Congress has a responsibility to investigate whether such investigations are having a chilling effect on the free flow of scientific inquiry and debate regarding climate change,” the letter said. “People should be troubled by any attempt by members of Congress to silence or undercut basic investigatory authority by a state attorney general’s office,” said Cyndi Roy Gonzalez, a spokeswoman for Massachusetts Attorney General Maura Healey. “Our office will not be intimidated by oil industry-backed members of the U.S. House of Representatives.” Exxon, for its part, has said it has acknowledged the reality of climate change for years and communicated this to investors.   On Wednesday, Exxon asked a federal court to throw out a subpoena that would force it to hand over decades of documents on climate change to Healey’s office. 
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - In response to Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump’s accusation that Democrat President Barack Obama and Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton were “co-founders” of Islamic State, Clinton’s campaign called the remarks a “false claim.”  “This is another example of Donald Trump trash-talking the United States,” senior policy advisor Jake Sullivan said in a statement. “What’s remarkable about Trump’s comments is that once again, he’s echoing the talking points of (Russian President Vladimir) Putin and our adversaries to attack American leaders and American interests, while failing to offer any serious plans to confront terrorism or make this country more secure.”   
Donald Trump has a very thin skin. He has demonstrated this repeatedly; after all, he attacked the family of a fallen Muslim-American soldier for daring to criticize his disparaging comments about Muslims, and did the same to a beauty queen who had the guts to reveal how poorly he treated her when she was the reigning Miss Universe. He again did the same to a reporter with a disability by mocking him on national television via a rally, and has attacked countless other people who dared to speak out against him regarding negative experiences they have had by working with or for Trump. His latest target? The cast of the great Broadway musical Hamilton. Now, Trump has taken to Twitter to disparage the cast of the musical for the supposed  harassment  that his vice president-elect Mike Pence received when he decided to go to a showing of Hamilton in super liberal New York City. Pence, who has a long and disturbing record of anti-woman and anti-LGBTQ positions and legislation, was booed at the production, and Brandon Victor Dixon, who plays Aaron Burr in the musical, made an impassioned plea to Pence to have an administration with Trump that includes everyone. Of course, Trump could not let this perceived slight go, so he took to Twitter to disparage the cast, creators, and Dixon s statement to Pence, saying:Our wonderful future V.P. Mike Pence was harassed last night at the theater by the cast of Hamilton, cameras blazing.This should not happen!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) November 19, 2016The Theater must always be a safe and special place.The cast of Hamilton was very rude last night to a very good man, Mike Pence. Apologize!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) November 19, 2016It s called free speech, pal. You have a vice president-elect who is easily one of the most anti-LGBTQ political figures in the nation showing up at a New York City Broadway musical that has the most diverse cast imaginable, including a star who is openly gay and HIV-positive. What did you expect? Did you want the cast to kiss Pence s ass? Not happening. Pence is getting the same level of respect he has shown the LGBTQ community, which is absolutely none. Make no mistake   you re both getting exactly what you deserve. Get used to it   this will be your reception everywhere you go for the next four years, and it is definitely well deserved.Featured image via Scott Eisen/Getty Images
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump intends to nominate Elaine Duke as deputy secretary of the Department of Homeland Security, the White House said on Monday. Duke served in senior roles in the department in the administrations of George W. Bush and Barack Obama, most recently as under secretary for management from 2008 to 2010.     
White privilege is about the fact that for Americans life is very different depending on skin color. The differences can be seen through all aspects of life, but the most stark is the fact that white people are much, much more likely to die of old age than are black people. In fact, data guru Nate Silver says that to be black in America is just about as bad as living in war torn Rwanda.Gun arguments aside if you re white in America, you re pretty damned safe. Your chance of being murdered in any given year is 2.5 out of 10,000. That s about equal to Finland, Israel and Chile. To be black, though, is very different. Your odds of being murdered about about eight times higher, or 19.4 out of every 10,000. That compares to Myanmar, Rwanda, Mexico, Brazil and Nigeria.Silver rarely expresses his political opinions (other than statistical predictions) but he did editorialize a bit on police brutality: So I m an editor now as well as a writer so we think when a story occurs is this a quote unquote  random act of violence  or is this representative of some broader trend and I think these stories about police brutality, it s uncovering things that have been going on for a long time and that are very common experiences Now that we do have video cameras everywhere it s not a coincidence that all of a sudden now that we have means to record these things all of a sudden these things crop up all the time.  Source: Raw StoryHere s the entire Katie Halper show:[soundcloud url= https://api.soundcloud.com/tracks/214633454  params= auto_play=false&hide_related=false&show_comments=true&show_user=true&show_reposts=false&visual=true  width= 100%  height= 450  iframe= true  /]This is something that white Americans will never understand, no matter how hard we try. While white women might be harassed or worse on the street, we re fairly confident we ll make it home alive. White men are even more confident of that fact. To be black on the other hand, means always being on guard and always on your best behavior. Don t loiter, but don t walk (or drive) fast. Don t put your hands in your pockets. Don t make eye contact with police. Don t not look at police when you re being spoken to. The list could go on. The rules for being black are simply different than the rules for being white. For them, it s a matter of life and death.Featured image via Slaven Vlasic at Getty Images
Tune in to the Alternate Current Radio Network (ACR) for another LIVE broadcast of  The Boiler Room  tonight 6:00 PM PST | 8:00 PM CST | 9:00 PM EST for this special broadcast. Join us for uncensored, uninterruptible talk radio, custom-made for bar fly philosophers, misguided moralists, masochists, street corner evangelists, media-maniacs, savants, political animals and otherwise lovable rascals.Join ACR hosts Hesher and Spore along side Jay Dyer of Jays Analysis, Daniel Spaulding (of Soul of the East) Andy Nowicki (The Nameless One.) Randy J & Fvnk$oul (ACR & 21Wire Contributors) for the hundred and thirty third episode of BOILER ROOM. Turn it up, tune in and hang with the ACR Brain-Trust for this weeks boil downs and analysis and the usual gnashing of the teeth of the political animals in the social reject club.On this episode of Boiler Room the ACR Brain-Trust is kicking back with a Halloween vibe, discussing the absurdity of the British government creating a beef with the U.N. over the linguistic  virtue  of referring to  pregnant women  as  pregnant people  so as not to  offend  any  trans  people (I ve never put so many sarcastic quotations in one sentence before now.) The Boiler gang is also discussing Twitter, Google, Facebook and Youtube suppressing freedom of speech in the U.S. while serving as a lapdog to the intelligence agencies and the left leaning technocrats to literally do social engineering (not kidding, that is in Mark Zuckerberg s own words.)Direct Download Episode #133 Please like and share the program and visit our donate page to get involved! Reference Links, for your consideration and research:
NEW YORK (Reuters) - Former U.S. President Jimmy Carter said he would be willing to travel to North Korea on behalf of the Trump administration to help diffuse rising tensions, The New York Times reported on its website on Sunday.  I would go, yes,  Carter, 93, told the Times when he was asked in an interview at his ranch house in Plains, Georgia whether it was time for another diplomatic mission and whether he would do so for President Trump. Carter, a Democrat who was president from 1977 to 1981, said he had spoken to Trump s National Security Adviser Lt.-Gen. H. R. McMaster, who is a friend, but so far has gotten a negative response.  I told him that I was available if they ever need me,  the Times quoted Carter as saying. Told that some in Washington were made nervous by Trump and North Korean leader Kim Jong Un s war of words, Carter said  I m afraid, too, of a situation.   They want to save their regime. And we greatly overestimate China s influence on North Korea. Particularly to Kim,  who, Carter added, has  never, so far as I know, been to China. And they have no relationship. Kim Jong-il did go to China and was very close to them.  Describing the North Korean leader as  unpredictable,  Carter worried that if Kim thinks Trump will act against him, he could do something pre-emptive, the Times reported.  I think he s now got advanced nuclear weaponry that can destroy the Korean Peninsula and Japan, and some of our outlying territories in the Pacific, maybe even our mainland,  Carter said. In the mid 1990s,  Carter traveled to Pyongyang over the objections of President Bill Clinton, the Times report said, and struck a deal with Kim Il Sung, grandfather of the current leader. 
NBC host Megyn Kelly must be really desperate for guests to have on her new show. She just had on the woman who behaved like a child when she flipped off President Trump s motorcade.  This woman was fired from her job for this and has already gotten way too much attention Her 15 minutes of fame should be up now!The unbelievable part of the interview with Juli Briskman is when Kelly said the saga of flipping off President Donald Trump s motorcade spoke  uniquely to what America s all about Huh? Would Megyn Kelly be saying the same thing if the tables were turned and Obama was flipped off? What s so amazing and American about behaving like a spoiled child? The left has been showing their true colors since Trump won a year ago. It s disturbing when this woman is praised for her lewd and immature behavior. Grow up already! Between this and the extreme bitterness of the Clinton Grifters, it s just loserville at the DNC A photograph of Juli Briskman flipping off Trump s motorcade last month in Virginia as she rode her bicycle went viral, particularly among people frustrated with Trump s administration. However, after she posted it to her social media accounts, she was forced to resign from her job at Akima LLC.IT FELT  GREAT ?Briskman recounted why she decided to flip off Trump to Kelly, saying it felt  great FREE TO BE A JERK To me, it speaks uniquely to what America s all about. You can do that,  Kelly said.  That s the beauty of a free society. Whether you love President Trump or hate him, you are allowed to tell the president how you feel about him, whether it s President Obama or President Trump. That s one of our core ideals. HER 15 MINUTES OF FAME:This woman is definitely getting her 15 minutes of fame. She appeared on  MSNBC on Wednesday to discuss why she gave Trump the finger, calling it a  spur-of-the-moment decision. Lots of things were going through my mind about how disappointed I am with this administration,  she said.  I didn t really have any other way to express my opinion to Mr. Trump, and so the finger was what I had at the time. READ MORE: WFB 
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. appeals court judge Merrick Garland, turned away by the Senate last year for a Supreme Court post, is not interested in serving as FBI director, two sources said on Tuesday, even as the top Senate Republican recommended him for the job. Garland, the chief judge of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit, has told people around him he “loves his job and is not interested in leaving the judiciary,” said one of the sources familiar with the judge’s thinking. The two sources spoke on condition of anonymity. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell said he has mentioned Garland to Republican President Donald Trump as a possible successor James Comey, who Trump fired last week as FBI chief. In an interview on Bloomberg Television, McConnell referred to Garland, a former federal prosecutor, as “an apolitical professional” to head the Federal Bureau of Investigation. Under McConnell’s leadership, the Senate last year refused to consider centrist Garland for a lifetime job as a Supreme Court justice after Democratic President Barack Obama nominated him in March 2016. In doing so, McConnell was able to allow Trump, who took office in January, to nominate Neil Gorsuch to fill the seat, restoring the Supreme Court’s conservative majority. Garland, 64, has been praised by both Democrats and Republicans in his two decades on the appeals court. His appointment there is a lifetime one, and if he took on a 10-year term at the FBI it would open up another top judicial seat for Trump to fill.  Trump fired Comey during an FBI investigation into possible collusion between Trump’s 2016 presidential campaign and Russia. Comey’s replacement would need to be someone with a deep background in law enforcement and no history of political involvement, McConnell said. Garland “is an example of that,” McConnell added. “It would serve the country well and lead to, I think, a more bipartisan approach.” Democrats have threatened to hold up a vote on a new FBI director until a special prosecutor is named to investigate the potential ties between Trump’s campaign and Russia. At least 11 people have been under consideration for the  FBI top job. As a senior Justice Department official under Democratic President Bill Clinton in the 1990s, Garland oversaw the prosecution of Timothy McVeigh, the man who bombed the federal building in Oklahoma City in 1995, killing 168 people. 
Few states in this country can compete with Mississippi when it comes to enacting legislation which significantly constricts the rights and liberties of women,the LGBT community, minorities, and other marginalized groups.Most recently a state senate bill, 2418,  failed to incorporate domestic violence as a justifiable reason for divorce. The state currently allows only 12 justifiable reasons to legally grant a divorce including impotency, adultery, alcoholism, and incurable mental illness among some of the reasons.According to a 2014 report conducted by the Violence Policy Center, Mississippi ranks 5th in the nation in the rate of women murdered by men. In the United States, a woman is beaten or assaulted every 9 seconds. One in three women have been victims of severe physical violence from an intimate partner as some point in their lifetime. A gun being present during a domestic violence situation, where in Mississippi there is virtually no gun control, increases the likelihood of a homicide by 500 percent. According to the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development, domestic violence is the third leading cause of homelessness among families.Setting justifiable reasons to legally grant a divorce is already a ridiculous aspect, but rescinding domestic violence off the list of justifiable reasons gives the abusers in a relationship even more power to abuse and control their victim without any repercussions. Domestic violence is rarely an anomaly, rather it is a behavior pattern of an individual,   to establish power and control over another person through fear and intimidation, often including the threat or use of violence. Mississippi has caught a lot of negative publicity recently, in addition to North Carolina and other southern states, which have either passed or attempted to pass discriminatory laws against the LGBT community. Mississippi s GOP is disgraceful and they seem bent on trying to get away with passing as many unconstitutional laws as possible.Featured image courtesy of Flickr
While the Trump administration is up to its collective neck in scandals, Donald Trump just exempted his entire senior staff from provisions of his own ethics rules, thus giving any conflicts of interest a pass. The ethics waivers total more than five times the number granted in the first four months of the Obama administration. This move follows an intense dispute between the White House and the Office of Government Ethics, which had been pushing the Trump administration to stop granting such waivers in secret, the New York Times reports.Trump s executive order on ethics has been waived at least 11 times since the administration came into power. Just before taking office, Trump signed an executive order seemingly in line with his  Drain the Swamp  rhetoric, to restrict the role of lobbyists in his administration. While that sounded good at the time, he s failing to keep that promise. In fact, he s filling swamp up to an unprecedented level of madness and corruption.The ethics waivers will now permit White House staffers to work on matters that could affect their former employers or clients or involve issues from which the aides would be normally be excluded because of past lobbying work, Politico reports.White House counselor Kellyanne Conway and Steve Bannon are included among those given an ethics pass.This is not normal:Chief White House strategist Steve Bannon also received a waiver to the rules as part of a blanket exemption for all White House appointees allowing them to communicate with the press. His reported discussions with former colleagues at the pro-Trump site Breitbart News, which Bannon chaired until last year, had raised red flags among ethics watchdogs.The swamp is taking over:The White House waived the rule for Trump energy policy adviser Michael Catanzaro, a former lobbyist for the oil and gas industry. He was given approval to work on  energy and environmental policy issues  including the Clean Power Plan, the Waters of the United States rule and other environmental regulations.Tax policy adviser Shahira Knight, a former Fidelity executive, was approved to deal with tax, retirement and financial services issues even though she d previously lobbied on those topics. The National Economic Council has been tasked with addressing issues relating to tax, retirement and financial services. The Administration has an interest in you working on matters in those areas due to your expertise and prior experience,  the waiver reads.White House economic aide Andrew Olmem was cleared to work on a variety of finance-related issues despite his lobbying for several big insurance companies and banks.What is Trump going to do next, sign an executive to pardon for himself and his administration from any past or future crimes? Or sign an executive order to disallow his own impeachment? We re not sure why some Trump supporters aren t catching on to the level of corruption in this administration. Seriously, Trump could eat a live puppy then wipe his mouth with its tail and his supporters would cheer him on.Photo by Andrew Harrer-Pool/Getty Images.
HONOLULU/LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - U.S. President-elect Donald Trump heaped pressure on Lockheed Martin Corp on Thursday, saying he viewed costs for the aerospace company’s F-35 fighter as too high and had asked Boeing Co to offer a price for an older aircraft that lacks the same stealth capabilities.  Trump posted his Twitter message a day after the president-elect met with the chief executives of both aerospace companies, using the bully pulpit to press them on projects he says are too expensive.  In after-hours trading following Trump’s tweet, Lockheed shares fell 2 percent and Boeing’s rose 0.7 percent. “Based on the tremendous cost and cost overruns of the Lockheed Martin F-35, I have asked Boeing to price-out a comparable F-18 Super Hornet!” Trump said. Lockheed declined to comment. The F-35 program is a critical sales generator for the company, accounting for 20 percent of last year’s revenue of $46.1 billion. The Pentagon did not immediately respond to a request for comment. Boeing spokesman Todd Blecher said in an email that the company was committed to providing the capability and affordability to meet national security needs. While the F-35 program has been dogged by problems and costs have escalated to an estimated $379 billion, it is significantly newer than the F-18, which does not have the same stealth capabilities.  “They’re two completely different aircraft from different generations,” said Phillip Carter, a senior fellow at the Center for a New American Security, a Washington-based think tank. “It’s like comparing an old jeep to a Humvee.” Dan Grazier of the Project on Government Oversight, a nonprofit that investigates government contractors, said the F-35’s stealth capabilities drove the cost up, but its usefulness had not yet been demonstrated. He said canceling the program, however, would be “disruptive.” On the campaign trail, Trump touted his negotiating skills as a businessman, and he appears to be using similar tactics as he prepares to take office on Jan. 20. It was not clear how his blunt style would translate to Pentagon procurement or international diplomacy.     On Wednesday, Trump met the CEOs of Lockheed and Boeing at his resort in Palm Beach, Florida. Boeing CEO Dennis Muilenburg told reporters there that he had guaranteed costs would not get out of control for a replacement to Air Force One, the presidential plane, another project Trump calls too expensive.     Lockheed Chief Executive Marillyn Hewson did not speak to reporters but said in a statement that the meeting was “productive.” Trump told reporters he wanted to cut the F-35 program’s costs.  If he scrapped the F-35, such a move by a new administration would have some precedent. Then-President Jimmy Carter canceled the B-1 bomber program in June 1977, although it was resurrected by his White House successor, Ronald Reagan. Trump’s jockeying for leverage via his Twitter account is likely to be a hurdle for all U.S. defense contractors in the next administration, Roman Schweizer, aerospace and defense analyst at financial services firm Cowen & Co, wrote in a note to clients on Thursday. “We have no idea how this plays out but believe ‘Twitter risk’ for defense companies could be a significant issue over the next four years,” Schweizer wrote. “This is Lockheed Martin’s time in the barrel.” 
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The chairman of the U.S. Senate Finance Committee said on Wednesday a final tax bill Republicans hope to get to President Donald Trump by Christmas likely will not retain a corporate alternative minimum tax. “Right now it doesn’t look like it but you never know,” Republican Senator Orrin Hatch told reporters when asked if the corporate AMT would survive in the final bill. Republicans in the House of Representatives want to get rid of the AMT, which is designed to limit the ability of corporations to reduce their payments through tax breaks and credits. 
(Reuters) - New Zealand s two main parties are neck and neck in opinion polls after the appointment of a charismatic leader boosted the opposition Labour Party, threatening the governing National Party s decade-long hold on power. The election is on Sept 23. Below are the main parties  positions on key issues: ECONOMYNew Zealand s once booming economy is facing some capacity constraints. Unemployment is at an eight-year low and a labor shortage, most noticeably in construction, threatens to curb growth. Both main parties plan to be fiscally prudent and maintain a budget surplus, but would differ on monetary policy. National plans to cut net debt to 10-15 percent of GDP by 2025, while Labour and the Green Party both plan to cut it to 20 percent of GDP within five years of taking office. Labour proposes adding full employment to the existing inflation mandate of the Reserve Bank of New Zealand, which economists say could lead to easier monetary policy and fuel longer-term inflation. To form a government, National may be more dependent on New Zealand First, which favors greater currency intervention - something New Zealand has been reluctant to do in the past. National is planning to adjust tax thresholds, or effectively deliver tax cuts, from April 2018 to boost family income. Labour wants to do away with National s planned tax cuts and boost tax credits and subsidies. New Zealand s house prices have risen more than 50 percent in the past decade as the construction industry failed to keep up with demand from a growing population, fueled by record migration and an increasing number of New Zealanders staying home. Labour criticizes National for leaving the housing crisis unresolved after nine years in government. It wants to ban overseas buyers from purchasing existing homes and build 100,000 affordable homes over 10 years. It also plans to create a housing authority to speed up residential development. National questions Labour s ability to build so many houses while curbing immigration. It plans to make NZ$1 billion available to speed up the development of 60,000 houses. New Zealand First wants to ban foreign non-residents from owning a home in New Zealand, except in particular cases, and to  provide government assistance for first-home buyers. The Green Party wants to provide 10,000 new houses over 10 years for low-income groups through a rent-to-buy scheme. The National Party tightened eligibility criteria this year for immigration and believes current levels of immigration are about right to meet the economy s needs. Labour plans to reduce net immigration by up to 30,000 from record levels of over 70,000 annually and to charge every visitor a NZ$25 fee, which would be ring-fenced for a NZ$75 million infrastructure fund. The Greens want to review immigration policy to make sure migrants match the skills employers need, in line with Labour s policy. New Zealand First wants to curb immigration by ensuring New Zealand workers have the first chance at jobs and by capping the number of older migrants. National wants to expand New Zealand s international trade. Among other plans, it wants to complete the Trans-Pacific Partnership trade deal, launch a free trade deal with the European Union and Britain post-Brexit and upgrade its free trade agreement with China. Labour wants to reconsider New Zealand s role in the Trans-Pacific Partnership trade pact if provisions on foreign investment are not changed to allow the New Zealand government to restrict investment into the country. New Zealand First wants to renegotiate the TPP. 
Shawn Helton 21st Century WireFor the second time this week, Las Vegas police officials and the FBI have revised significant timeline details associated with the Las Vegas mass shooting. What does this latest change mean?*Note*   The Las Vegas mass shooting, currently modern America s deadliest, has already been cycled out of most trending media reports in less than two weeks, as most mainstream outlets have now focused the public s attention on a ready-to-go show trial involving disgraced Hollywood movie mogul Harvey Weinstein. While abuse of any kind is abhorrent, you have to wonder why the Las Vegas massacre has seemingly been flushed out of the mainstream coverage so rapidly following a media frenzy collapse of a Hollywood insider.Over the past 24 hours, independent reportage by former Project Veritas operative Laura Loomer, suggests that the Campos family may have had a gag order placed on them concerning details related to the Las Vegas shooting case. However, official confirmation of this aspect of the case is still pending.This story follows yet another major shift in the Las Vegas shooting timeline, as accounts on social media also suggest that some from independent media were kept out of the latest Las Vegas press conference.SEE ALSO: The Las Vegas Mass Shooting   More to the Story Than We ve Been ToldIncredibly, police and FBI have once again revised timeline details associated with Mandalay Bay security guard Jesus Campos and the alleged shooter   now stating that the guard s encounter with the suspected gunman started near the same time as the concert mass shooting.UNSURE: Lombardo looks down in doubt as overseer FBI special agent Aaron Rouse keeps a watchful eye over the struggling Sheriff.Watch below as a noticeably agitated Las Vegas Sheriff Joseph Lombardo, now claims that the 9:59 time frame is when Campos supposedly investigated a nearby door alarm on the 32nd floor as previously reported when this story first broke.The Las Vegas Review Journal confirms: The sheriff said Monday that Stephen Paddock shot Mandalay Bay security guard Jesus Campos at 9:59 p.m., about six minutes before the gunman turned his weapons on the Route 91 Harvest festival crowd below his hotel suite. He previously reported Campos was shot after the attack on the concert crowd. Here s the latest LVMPD press conference concerning the Las Vegas mass shooting on October 13th One of the more disturbing aspects of the aftermath of the Las Vegas mass shooting has been the production of emotionally charged press conferences that have inundated viewers with endless canned talking points, constant revisions of timeline details and reversed statements   all serving to continually cloud the official story.Lombardo also lashed out at critics of the investigation: In the public space, the word  incompetence  has been brought forward,  he said.  And I am absolutely offended with that characterization.  (Review Journal)To the casual observer, you have to wonder why they haven t been able to keep a straight story. If the police are getting such basic elements of the story wrong   then the public has to ask: what else have they got wrong?This type of ritualized media grandstanding has become an almost mechanical hallmark following most large-scale  active shooter  and  first responder  events, as it usually dissolves into more of a media parade meant to convince the public of certain details of a crime   rather than address forensic anomalies which clearly don t add up.While law enforcement looks to tie up loose ends and shore up any early holes or bizarre theories, it s possible that a more thorough analysis of all the forensic data in the case will be pushed into the background, as any new information may be introduced to steer those critical of the official story.Over the past 24 hours, reports state that Campos, who was scheduled for at least five TV interviews, abruptly disappeared prior to those appearances. One such interview included a FOX News interview with Sean Hannity. This twist in the Las Vegas shooting has added another bizarre aspect to an already strange case. Here s FOX News below: The Mandalay Bay security guard shot by Stephen Paddock in the moments leading up to the worst mass shooting in modern U.S. history was set to break his silence Thursday night with five television interviews, including one on Fox News, Campos  union president said.Except when the cameras were about to roll, and media gathered in the building to talk to him, Campos reportedly bolted, and, as of early Friday morning, it wasn t immediately clear where he was. We were in a room and we came out and he was gone,  Campos  union president told reporters, according to ABC News  Stephanie Wash. The motive for the Las Vegas mass shooting crime still remains unclear *** 21WIRE associate editor Shawn Helton is a researcher and writer, specializing in forensic analysis of high-profile crime scene and counter terrorism investigations, and the deconstruction and analysis of the mass-media coverage surrounding those cases. He has compiled an extensive body of work covering a number of high-profile events since 2012.READ MORE DAILY SHOOTER NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Daily Shooter FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @ 21WIRE.TV
The war on the American flag continues.Retired mounted an American flag in front of his house, the same flag that he carried with him on duty across five continents.One morning last week, the vet woke up to find his car smashed with the flag pole and the flag desecrated with a marker. The message that I would like to say is America is still the greatest country in the world,  Hernandez Garcia said on  Fox and Friends Weekend.   It s not something that we are just brainwashed with. We are still the greatest country. We got problems. Everybody does. The flag represents freedom. When you step on the flag, you really are stepping on those veterans that have really fought for you. And everybody else, including your own parents, grandparents and great-grandparents and so forth,  Hernandez Garcia said. So, if you are watching this, I would like to tell you, come and talk to me. Let s talk about things. Let s not destroy things. Our country needs dialogue more than violence. He said that social media has a major influence on people, so maybe someone saw the recent  stomp the flag challenge  and was inspired.Tucker Carlson and Ainsley Earhardt revealed that America s Mighty Warriors, a group that helps support military families, will be paying for the damages to Hernandez Garcia s car and flagpole, plus paying for a weekend vacation for two. In addition to that, a flag will be flown over the U.S. Capitol in honor of his service.Via: Fox and Friends
Half of the eight mayoral hopefuls on Detroit s primary ballot next week have been convicted of felony crimes involving drugs, assault or weapons, a Detroit News analysis shows.Three were charged with gun crimes and two for assault with intent to commit murder. Some of the offenses date back decades, the earliest to 1977. The most recent was in 2008.Political consultant Greg Bowens said there are candidates with past hardships in every election cycle. It s not something unique to Detroit or the political arena in general, he said. Black marks on your record show you have lived a little and have overcome some challenges,  said Bowens, a former press secretary to Detroit Mayor Dennis Archer and NAACP activist.  They (candidates) deserve the opportunity to be heard, but they also deserve to have the kind of scrutiny that comes along with trying to get an important elected position. Tuesday s Detroit mayoral primary election is the first since the city exited bankruptcy in 2014. The field of eight will be narrowed to two who will face off in the fall.Under state election law, convicted felons can vote and run for office as long as they are not incarcerated or guilty of certain fraud-related offenses, or crimes involving a breach of the public trust. The Detroit News reviewed the backgrounds of all the mayoral contenders.   Detroit News
(Reuters) - Republicans in the U.S. Senate were dealt another blow in their effort to repeal Obamacare on Friday when the keeper of the Senate’s rules said certain provisions in their healthcare bill, such as defunding Planned Parenthood, could not be included. The Senate parliamentarian determined some provisions in the Better Care Reconciliation Act violate the Byrd Rule that requires backers to be able to muster 60 votes, according to a memo posted on the Senate Committee on the Budget website. Republicans, who control the Senate with a slim 52-seat majority, are unlikely to be able to round up that many votes for key provisions in the bill to repeal former President Barack Obama’s Affordable Care Act known as Obamacare.     Affected would be the provision to defund Planned Parenthood, two provisions to prevent certain tax credits from being used to purchase health insurance that covers abortion, and a provision stating that beginning in 2020 states no longer have to cover essential health benefits in their Medicaid alternative benefit plans. Some provisions were not subject to the Byrd Rule, according to the parliamentarian, including a provision allowing states the option to impose work requirements on Medicaid enrollees who are not disabled, elderly or pregnant, and a proposal to repeal cost-sharing subsidies. Other provisions were still under review, including a proposal to allow insurers to charge older Americans more than younger people, a provision to allow small businesses to establish “association health plans” that could be sold across state lines and the option for states to receive Medicaid “block grant” lump sums instead of per capita cap payments. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell is seeking to use procedural rules that would allow Republicans to pass a healthcare bill with a simple majority in the. 
A white five-year-old girl told her mother Christmas and Easter are  stupid  and European women are alcoholics after being fostered to two Muslim families, it was claimed today.The child, who is a native English speaker, also refused to take back her favorite meal   spaghetti carbonara   because it contained bacon   which Muslims do not eat.The child, who is a native English speaker, spent the past six months in two Muslim households after being placed into foster care in Tower Hamlets, east London.She was forced to live in Muslim foster homes where nobody spoke English and her carers took away her Christian cross and encouraged her to learn Arabic, according to The Times.Local authority reports describe how the little girl sobbed and begged not to be returned to her niqab-wearing carer s home, telling a social worker:  They don t speak English. The reports detail how the child was  very distressed  and claimed the foster carer had removed her Christian cross and encouraged her to learn Arabic.The two placements were made by the scandal-hit Tower Hamlets borough council against the wishes of the girl s family.Local authorities are required to give due consideration to a child s religion, racial origin and cultural and linguistic background  when placing them into a foster home.The girl s mother is said to be horrified by the circumstances her daughter has been placed in.A friend told the newspaper:  This is a five-year-old white girl. She was born in this country, speaks English as her first language, loves football, holds a British passport and was christened in a church. She s already suffered the huge trauma of being forcibly separated from her family. She needs surroundings in which she ll feel secure. Instead, she s trapped in a world where everything feels foreign and unfamiliar. That s really scary for a young child. Daily Mail
The wu$$ification of our military Army ROTC cadets are complaining on message boards that they were pressured to walk in high heels on Monday for an Arizona State University campus event designed to raise awareness of sexual violence against women.The Army openly encouraged participating in April s  Walk A Mile in Her Shoes  events in 2014, but now it appears as though ROTC candidates at ASU were faced with a volunteer event that became mandatory. Attendance is mandatory and if we miss it we get a negative counseling and a  does not support the battalion sharp/EO mission  on our CDT OER for getting the branch we want. So I just spent $16 on a pair of high heels that I have to spray paint red later on only to throw them in the trash after about 300 of us embarrass the U.S. Army tomorrow,  one anonymous cadet wrote on the social media sharing website Imgr, IJReview reported Monday.In a Reddit Army thread on the subject   titled  Okay, who put the cadets up to this?    one user said the claims were legitimate and added,  I just don t understand why [General] Combs would court political controversy like this. Isn t the military supposed to avoid faddish political movement and religious issues. Army ROTC cadets are complaining on message boards that they were pressured to walk in high heels on Monday for an Arizona State University campus event designed to raise awareness of sexual violence against women.The Army openly encouraged participating in April s  Walk A Mile in Her Shoes  events in 2014, but now it appears as though ROTC candidates at ASU were faced with a volunteer event that became mandatory.Via: Washington Times
ROME (Reuters) - British Prime Minister Theresa May should make the EU firm offers by next week to break deadlock in Brexit talks if she wants an orderly withdrawal and transition to a new relationship, the bloc s negotiator said on Thursday. Speaking to the Italian parliament on the eve of a speech that May will deliver in Florence, Michel Barnier said he was wondering why there was still  major uncertainty  on all key issues Brussels wanted settled before opening talks on the transition to a future trade deal it expects her to ask for.  To make progress, we are waiting for clear commitments from the UK on these precise issues,  Barnier said, noting demands for European Union citizens in Britain to have their rights there protected by EU courts and for London to pay a hefty bill before leaving.  We will listen attentively and constructively to Theresa May s important speech tomorrow in Florence,  added Barnier, who holds a new round of Brexit negotiations in Brussels next week.  A rapid agreement on the conditions of the UK s orderly withdrawal, and a transition period, is possible ... For that to happen, we would like the United Kingdom to put on the table, as soon as next week, proposals to overcome the barriers.  An agreement on orderly withdrawal was  a precondition for any constructive and trustworthy discussion on our future relationship with the United Kingdom.  Barnier renewed criticism of Britain s treatment of 3 million EU expatriates in the country, noting deportation letters sent to some recently in error and allegations that May s interior ministry defied a High Court order over an asylum case.  London has rejected EU demands that the European Court of Justice remain the ultimate arbiter for EU citizens in Britain and says its own court system offers sufficient guarantees. But Barnier s position remains that the EU wants its own safeguards. TWO-YEAR TRANSITION? The BBC said after May discussed the Florence speech with her cabinet that she would ask for a two-year transition period after Brexit in March 2019, would refer to  paying our dues  and say that a deal with the EU would be unlike other countries . European capitals expect May to try to break a deadlock in the talks over the coming days by signaling a readiness to pay the EU to stay in the single market for two to three years after Brexit, easing fears of a disruptive break. Barnier recalled that the EU was ready to consider a  short transition period if the British government requests one  but also underlined that would entail accepting EU rules, including on its budget. And he noted that the more benefits Britain wanted the more it would have to accept obligations to the EU. The EU executive estimates Britain may owe something like 60 billion euros ($70 billion) on leaving, while Britain questions whether it has any legal liability. EU officials have said that British payments to the EU during a post-Brexit transition   its current annual payments are about 10 billion euros   cannot be offset against a need to settle a pre-Brexit  divorce bill . However, they acknowledge that the British government might find ways to present the various financial agreements it makes in a way it hopes may limit criticism from hardline Brexit supporters of any divorce settlement and transition payments. 
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The rifts inside President Donald Trump’s White House were on startling display on Thursday, as his new communications director urged Trump’s chief of staff to state publicly that he does not leak information to the media. Anthony Scaramucci, a New York financier who last week became the White House communications chief, also compared his relationship with Trump’s chief of staff, Reince Priebus, to a pair of brothers from the Bible, one of whom killed the other. Scaramucci said last week he and Priebus were friends and “a little bit like brothers, where we rough each other up once in a while, which is totally normal for brothers.” On Thursday, Scaramucci said in an interview with CNN: “When I said we were brothers from the podium, that’s because we’re rough on each other. Some brothers are like Cain and Abel. Other brothers can fight with each other and get along. I don’t know if this is repairable or not. That will be up to the president.” Scaramucci appeared to suggest in a Twitter post late on Wednesday that Priebus may have had a hand in what Scaramucci described as a “leak” of his official financial disclosure documents to the U.S. news organization Politico.  Politico said the information was not a leak but was publicly accessible. “When I put out a tweet and I put Reince’s name in a tweet, they’re all making the assumption that it’s him because journalists know who the leakers are,” Scaramucci told CNN on Thursday. “So if Reince wants to explain he’s not a leaker, let him do that,” Scaramucci added. Scaramucci had written earlier on Twitter: “In light of the leak of my financial disclosure info which is a felony. I will be contacting @FBI and the @TheJusticeDept #swamp @Reince45.” Scaramucci’s comments illustrated an ongoing power struggle at the highest levels of Trump’s staff as the Republican president faces investigations into his election campaign’s connections with Russia and with Trump yet to win congressional approval for any major legislation. Republican U.S. House of Representatives Speaker Paul Ryan defended Priebus after Scaramucci’s comments. “Reince is doing a fantastic job at the White House and I believe he has the president’s confidence. If those two gentlemen have differences my advice would be to sit down and settle your differences,” Ryan said at a news conference. 
An assistant elementary school teacher from Baltimore is facing abuse charges after he threw a 7-year-old boy into a wall, breaking his jaw, all because the child was being  disruptive. Lateekqua Jackson and Trayvon Grayson Sr. say their son, Trayvon Grayson, was assaulted by an assistant teacher at City Springs Elementary/Middle School on Monday. My son told me that [the teacher] threw my son into a wall,  Jackson explained.  My son had dreams about it all last night. He s still shaking in his sleep, saying that he keeps having visions of [the teacher] throwing him into a wall. Jackson said that her son s jaw was broken and two of his teeth were knocked out in the violent assault.Timothy Randall Korr, who is employed by the Baltimore Curriculum Project charter operation, has been identified as the child s abuser. Korr claims that the child was being  disruptive  and said he was taking the boy to the principal s office when the attack occurred, which he described as  a mistake. The teacher told me that he put him over his shoulder, and when he put him down he was bleeding,  Jackson recalled.  That s it. How can you tell somebody like that? He said he made a mistake. He said,  I made a mistake. It was a mistake.  That s what he said. Child abuse detectives got a warrant for Korr s arrest after watching the disturbing footage of the appalling incident that had been caught by a security camera. On Wednesday, the Baltimore Curriculum Project announced that Korr had been fired. We are heartsick that this child suffered this injury,  the group said in a statement.  We pray for his complete and quick recovery and for his family as well. Korr has been charged with 1st and 2nd-degree child abuse, 1st and 2nd-degree assault, reckless endangerment and neglect of a minor.Watch more on this sickening story here: Featured image via video screen capture
(Reuters) - Former U.S. President George H.W. Bush has been moved to an intensive-care unit at a Houston hospital with pneumonia and was resting comfortably after doctors performed a procedure to clear his airway, his office said in a statement on Wednesday. His wife, former first lady Barbara Bush, also was admitted to the same hospital on Wednesday as a precaution after experiencing fatigue and coughing, the office said.  
(Reuters) - Rogue Twitter feeds voicing employee concerns at more than a dozen U.S. government agencies have been launched in defiance of what they say are President Donald Trump’s attempts to muzzle federal climate change research and other science. Representing scientists at the Environmental Protection Agency, NASA and other bureaus, either directly or through friends and supporters, the accounts protest restrictions they view as censorship since Trump took office on Jan. 20. Seizing on Trump’s favorite mode of discourse, the feeds reflect concern that the new president, a climate change skeptic, is out to squelch federally backed research showing that emissions from fossil fuel combustion and other human activities are contributing to global warming. “Can’t wait for President Trump to call us FAKE NEWS,” read one posting on the newly opened Twitter account @AltNatParkService. “You can take our official twitter, but you’ll never take our free time!” Reuters could not verify that all the accounts, which borrow the names and logos of their respective agencies, were being run by current federal employees of those agencies. The alternate National Park Service Twitter feed said it had passed control of its account to individuals outside the government to protect colleagues at the agency.  The introductory disclaimer borne by the @RogueNASA account was typical of many of the feeds, describing it as “The unofficial ‘Resistance’ team of NASA. Not an official NASA account.” It beckoned readers to follow its feed “for science and climate news and facts. REAL NEWS, REAL FACTS.” An administrator of an associated Rogue NASA Facebook page told Reuters the alternative site was being used as a platform by agency scientists and others who support them. In some instances, the alternate Twitter accounts were registered on behalf of employees by supporters, presumably to better safeguard their anonymity, as was the case for the unofficial Rocky Mountain National Park site. An individual contacted at the alternative Twitter feed for Mount Rainier National Park said: “It’s not about the people running the accounts. It’s about the movement it’s generated. We may never disclose our identity due to the current political ecosystem.” The swift proliferation of such sites followed internal directives several agencies involved in environmental issues have received since Trump’s inauguration requiring them to curb their dissemination of information to the public.     Last week, Interior Department staff were told to stop posting on Twitter after an employee re-tweeted posts about relatively low attendance at Trump’s swearing-in, and about how material on climate change and civil rights had disappeared from the official White House website. Employees at the EPA and the departments of Interior, Agriculture and Health and Human Services have since confirmed seeing notices from the new administration either instructing them to remove web pages or limit how they communicate to the public, including through social media. The resistance movement gained steam on Tuesday when a series of climate change-related tweets were posted to the official Twitter account of Badlands National Park in South Dakota, administered under the Interior Department, but were soon deleted. A Park Service official later said those tweets came from a former employee no longer authorized to use the official account and that the agency was being encouraged to use Twitter to post public safety and park information only, and to avoid national policy issues. Within hours, unofficial resistance, or rogue, Twitter accounts began sprouting up, emblazoned with the logos of government agencies, the list growing to at least 14 such sites by Wednesday afternoon. An account dubbed @ungaggedEPA invited followers to visit its feeds of “ungagged news, links, tips and conversation that the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency is unable to tell you,” adding that it was “Not directly affiliated with @EPA.” “Civil servants have a job to do and part of that job is to interpret the national parks and history behind it,” said a former official at the Interior Department, the parent agency of the National Park Service, who spoke on condition of anonymity. The former official said that while people outside the federal government could be involved in the rogue accounts, employees with whom the official communicated were supporting the feeds. “They bristle at any political involvement,” the former official said. “They’re taking that as an attack on their work. You have 75l,000 people feeling attacked. You’re going to play whack-a-mole trying to stop them. I don’t see this stopping.” The phenomenon was not limited to U.S. environmental and natural resource employees. They were soon joined by similar alternative Twitter accounts for various science and health agencies, including the Food and Drug Administration, the National Institutes of Health, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention and the National Weather Service. Many of their messages carried Twitter hashtags #resist or #resistance. 
Earlier in the week, there were leaked draft executive orders circulating that would strike President Obama s executive order protections for LGBTQ federal workers. There were also rumors that Donald Trump would sign a sweeping, broadly worded  religious freedom  bill into law that would effectively legalize discrimination nationwide. However, Trump and his famously homophobic vice president, Mike Pence, ran into a road block: Trump s kids. Specifically, his son-in-law Jared Kushner and his daughter Ivanka Trump.Jared and Ivanka have long been seen to be the reasonable, moderating influences that are needed to calm Trump s impulsive, erratic temperament. It appears that this is what happened here. Ivanka and Jared see all of the fear and the protests in the streets against Trump, and they feared that there would be even more national and international backlash against Trump s bigotry via executive order. Therefore, there was a complete reversal on these orders.Of course, White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer outright lied when asked about it. He insisted that these orders were just a couple out of hundreds that were being considered. Then, of course, a statement was hastily rushed out, saying that the Trump administration is  determined to protect the rights of all Americans, including the LGBTQ community. Considering all of the virulently anti-LGBTQ people Trump has around him   namely Mike Pence   I don t believe that for so much as a second. If Ivanka and Jared can keep Trump s hands away from the LGBTQ community for the time being, though, all the better. Hopefully it will hold until 2018, and we manage to take Congress back, thus crippling the amount of damage Trump and Pence can do until they are out of office.While their reasons were political rather than noble, at this point, it s better than nothing.Featured image via Aaron P. Bernstein / Stringer/Getty Images
BERLIN (Reuters) - Germany s Greens on Saturday all but ruled out a three-way coalition with Chancellor Angela Merkel s conservatives and the pro-business Free Democrats (FDP) after the Sept. 24 election and a conservative said such an alliance would not be ideal. Polls show Merkel s conservatives are likely to win the election with around 38 percent of the vote but will be left in need of a coalition partner. Their rival Social Democrats (SPD) are lagging on around 22 percent. Possible coalition options include a repeat of the current  grand coalition  between the conservatives and SPD or a  Jamaica coalition  of the conservatives, FDP and Greens - the name referring to the black, yellow and green colors of the Jamaican flag. Katrin Goering-Eckhardt, one of the Greens  two top candidates, told regional newspaper Passauer Neue Presse:  I can t imagine Jamaica.  Coalitions tend to be tested at the state level before they are formed at the national level. A Jamaica alliance was formed in the coastal state of Schleswig-Holstein after Merkel s Christian Democrats (CDU) won an election there in May. But Goering-Eckhardt said the Greens and FDP had  diametrically opposed positions  on issues including climate protection, emission thresholds for clean cars and refugees.  I can t see how it could work at the national level,  she said. FDP leader Christian Lindner told Focus magazine he was also unable to envisage a Jamaica coalition given the hurdles to reaching agreement with the Greens on immigration and energy. Interior Minister Thomas de Maiziere, a senior conservative, told regional newspaper Rheinische Post neither the conservatives nor the SPD wanted to continue the current  grand coalition  because it  is not good for democracy , referring to the small parliamentary opposition that such a tie-up leaves. But he added that it would be harder to reach agreements with the Greens and FDP on domestic security than it has been with the SPD.  From a security perspective it would be good if the conservative bloc could choose a two-way alliance,  he said. Cem Ozdemir, the Greens  other top candidate, said in an interview with Tagesspiegel am Sonntag newspaper that his party wanted to be in the next federal government, which he suggested would be formed by Merkel:  The race for first place seems to be over - Angela Merkel is out in front.   But the latest polls show Merkel s conservatives and the Greens would not be able to muster enough support between them to form a two-way alliance. While support for the Greens has dropped to single digits this year - it is on 8 percent in the latest polls - a Forsa survey published this week showed half of Germans would welcome the Greens being part of the post-election government. Merkel on Saturday reiterated her warning to voters about a coalition between the SPD, radical Left party and Greens, telling voters in the southwestern city of Reutlingen that a red-red-green tie-up would be  bad for our country  and Germany should not embark on any experiments at a time of uncertainty. A red-red-green alliance, which had seemed a possible option early this year, has not been able to get a majority in polls for weeks. 
BRUSSELS (Reuters) - British and EU negotiators talked up hopes for progress on Brexit as a new round of talks began in Brussels on Monday, three days after Prime Minister Theresa May tried to revive the process and improve the mood. But neither side disguised continued frustrations: the European Union s Michel Barnier dismissed talk of Britain diverging from EU rules during any post-Brexit transition 18 months from now; Brexit minister David Davis urged him to stop stalling talks on future trade relations if he wants London to settle its accounts.  The UK will honor commitments we have made during the period of our membership,  Davis told reporters as he met Barnier.  But it is obvious that reaching a conclusion on this issue can only be done in the context of and in accordance with a new deep and special partnership with the European Union.   We are laying down concrete proposals and there are no excuses for standing in the way of progress,  he said, echoing May s remark in Florence on Friday that other states would not lose out financially in the current EU budget cycle to 2020. Barnier said he wants to know this week what firm proposal Britain is making on settling its bills, one of the three main issues on which he is seeking  significant progress  before he will recommend that EU leaders launch talks on future relations. Barnier emphasized that a future deal and a transition to it were not foregone conclusions. And he rejected suggestions that some EU rules might no longer apply if Britain stays in the single market for a couple of years after Brexit.  Without exception,  he said, Britain would remain subject to EU budgets, judges and so on   a bitter pill for many Brexit supporters. He and Davis, meeting for the fourth round of talks in three months, both portrayed this week as an important moment; as it happens, the round is likely to wind up on Thursday just hours before May meets her fellow leaders at a summit in Estonia. The Estonian minister who chaired a preparatory meeting on Monday for that summit said during a news conference with Barnier that the 27 were entirely united and insisted on the negotiations going through Barnier. However, London hopes that progress in the talks can persuade leaders when they next meet in mid-October to give a green light to talks on future trade. Sunday s German election has raised questions on whether the weakening of Chancellor Angela Merkel, Europe s power broker, may affect the EU s calculations on Brexit. But EU officials saw no indication Berlin would stray from Merkel s call for close ties with Britain but rejection of special favors to London. In a bid to unblock the divorce talks, along with her words on settling budget commitments, May also offered a concession to EU concerns that the rights of their 3 million citizens living in Britain would be protected after Brexit. Davis said those rights, set out in the UK-EU withdrawal treaty, would be fully incorporated into British law   though the EU position remains that expatriates should be entitled to appeal to the EU court. The third key issue to be settled before the EU will agree to trade talks is on handling the sensitive border on the island of Ireland. Davis and Barnier renewed pledges to find solutions, though little detail has emerged on where those may lie and both sides acknowledge that much will depend on future trade terms. 
JAKARTA (Reuters) - Indonesia has issued new regulations aimed at curbing money laundering and terror-related financing across a broader range of financial service providers, including money changers, credit card issuers and electronic money providers.   The move is part of efforts by Indonesia to bring rules up to international standards and join the Financial Action Task Force (FATF), an inter-governmental body fighting money laundering.  Indonesia was taken off an FATF blacklist two years ago. The new regulations, issued by Bank Indonesia (BI), cover transactions handled by non-bank financial institutions and were made public on its website on Wednesday.  BI said the new rules balanced a need to contain the risks of money laundering and terrorism-related financial crimes and promoting economic growth. Eny V. Panggabean, BI s executive director of payment system regulation, said the rules also addressed  developments in the industry, digital economy and innovations in payments that include a more complex money changer business . The new BI regulations cover credit card issuers, electronic money providers, remittance and money transfer companies as well as fintech startups. Service providers now have to have an up-to-date list on alleged militants, radical organizations and individuals linked to the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction in order to cross check with customers.  They must also assess customer risks depending on the country origin of an incoming transfer or the destination of outgoing transfers, and must not engage with so-called shell banks, which don t have a physical presence in a country where they are incorporated. Companies should report anything suspicious to the financial transactions watchdog. A financial service provider that fails to follow the rules could have its license revoked and directors, commissioners or shareholders banned from the financial services business for five years. A similar regulation was introduced a few months ago by the Financial Services Authority (OJK) for financial conglomerates, banks, insurance companies and other bigger players in the industry. The OJK rules also elaborated on procedures to handle suspicious transactions. Indonesia was put on an FATF list of jurisdictions with weak measures to combat money laundering and terrorism financing in 2012. In 2015, the FATF declared Indonesia off the blacklist  due to progress in improving regulations. 
GANDHINAGAR, India (Reuters) - The leaders of India and Japan agreed on Thursday to deepen defense ties and push for more cooperation with Australia and the United States, as they seek to counter growing Chinese influence across Asia. Prime Minister Shinzo Abe arrived this week in his counterpart Narendra Modi s home state, skipping the tradition of visiting the capital of New Delhi, for the tenth meeting between two leaders since Modi came to power in 2014. Relations have deepened between Asia s second and third largest economies as Abe and Modi, who enjoy a close personal relationship, increasingly see eye-to-eye to balance China as the dominant Asian power.  Almost everything that takes place during the visit, including economic deals, will in part be done with China in mind,  Eurasia analysts said in a note.   Abe s visit comes days after New Delhi and Beijing agreed to end the longest and most serious military confrontation along their shared and contested border in decades, a dispute that had raised worries of a broader conflict between the Asian giants.  In a lengthy joint statement, India and Japan said deepening security links was paramount. This included collaboration on research into unmanned ground vehicles and robotics and the possibility of joint field exercises between their armies. There was also  renewed momentum  for cooperation with the United States and Australia. Earlier this year, India rejected an Australian request to be included in four-country naval drills for fear of angering Beijing.  Relations between India and Japan are not only a bilateral relationship but have developed into a strategic global partnership,  Abe told reporters in Gandhinagar, the capital of western Gujarat state.  We (India and Japan) will strengthen our collaboration with those countries with whom we share universal values.  Abe flew to Gujarat to lay the foundation stone of a $17 billion bullet train project, India s first, that was made possible by a huge Japanese loan.  Tokyo wants to win other high-speed rail lines India plans to build, to edge out Chinese ambitions to do the same and provide a boost for its high-end manufacturers. The visit was light on specific announcements, but India said it welcomed proposals for increased Japanese investment into infrastructure projects in its remote northeast, a region New Delhi sees as its gateway to Southeast Asia.  China claims part of India s northeast as its own territory. Japanese investment into the northeast  would give legs to our Act East policy,  Indian Foreign Secretary S. Jaishankar told reporters. Modi and Abe also said they would push for more progress on the development of industrial corridors for the growth of Asia and Africa.  Analysts say the planned $40 billion Asia-Africa Growth Corridor takes direct aim at China s Belt and Road project, envisaged as a modern-day  Silk Road  connecting China by land and sea across Asia and beyond to the Middle East, Europe and Africa. 
21st Century Wire says By cow-towing to students  over-sensitivity to free speech and seemingly a prenatal requirement for  safe spaces  on campus   academics and university administrators are unknowingly (or knowingly) constructing communitarian unintellectual institutions of tyranny on campuses across America. The end result of this progress  should be obvious to anyone who has studied 20th century history   it is anarchy. If students are allowed to get professors suspended or fired over spurious allegations of  offense caused,  or rather, causing students to feel  uncomfortable    then the entire concept of the university as we once knew it   is finished. By dismissing talent in favor of adherence to an ever new and constantly updated  orthdoxy,  the only professors left to teach in this burgeoning environment of weaponized political correctness will most certainly be under-qualified, mediocre, young, and possibly radical or overly militant instructors.That will be the end of higher education   and as we can now see, it s heading in that direction  (Image Source: Niskan Center)Mark Tapson Truth RevoltWriting for the Washington Post, Eugene Volokh of The Volokh Conspiracy addresses a disturbing development at the University of Oregon, whose administration made clear to its faculty last week that if you say things about race, sexual orientation, sex, religion and so on that enough people find offensive, you could get suspended and possibly even fired. This can happen even to tenured faculty members or to anyone else.  Orthodoxy,  Volokh writes,  enforced on threat of institutional punishment, is what the University of Oregon is now about. This all began with a Halloween party hosted by tenured University of Oregon law school professor Nancy Shurtz attended by about a dozen students and about a dozen nonstudents:Shurtz had told the students that she would be  going as a popular book title ; she didn t tell the students up front what it was, but the book was the recent (and acclaimed)  Black Man in a White Coat,  a black doctor s  reflections on race and medicine  (according to the subtitle). Shurtz s  costume incorporated a white doctor s lab coat, a stethoscope, black makeup on her face and hands, and a black curly wig resembling an afro.  The university report states that Shurtz  was inspired by this book and by the author, that she greatly admires [the author] and wanted to honor him, and that she dressed as the book because she finds it reprehensible that there is a shortage of racial diversity, and particularly of black men, in higher education. [ ] And this perceived offensiveness yielded a huge uproar at the law school. According to the report, the uproar was partly students  immediate reaction and partly a result of the administration s and other faculty members  discussing the matter extensively at school, including in classes.[ ] So we have speech, at a professor s home, but at a party to which she had invited her students, which in turn leads to speech by various people at the law school. (There s no doubt that wearing an expressive costume is treated as equivalent to speech under First Amendment  symbolic expression  purposes.) Some of both kinds of speech are interpreted as expressing offensive messages related to race. What does the university do about this?The university suspended Shurtz.It then released a report concluding that Shurtz s speech constituted  harassment,  which violates university policy. The harassment policy, the university report notes, bans conduct that creates a  hostile environment  based on  age, race, color, ancestry, national or ethnic origin, religion, service in the uniformed services (as defined in state and federal law), veteran status, sex, sexual orientation, marital or family status, pregnancy, pregnancy-related conditions, physical or mental disability, gender, perceived gender, gender identity, genetic information or the use of leave protected by state or federal law. Under the logic of the Oregon report, Volokh notes,  a faculty member could be disciplined for displaying the Mohammed cartoons, if it caused enough of a furor. Or a faculty member could be disciplined for suggesting that homosexuality may be immoral or dangerous. Or for stating that biological males who view themselves as female should be viewed as men, not as women. Or for suggesting that there are, on average, biological differences in temperament or talents between men and women. Check out the whole article here.READ MORE PC NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire PC Files
(Reuters) - Former Manhattan U.S. Attorney Preet Bharara took several shots at the administration of President Donald Trump on Thursday, calling for “facts not falsehoods” as the basis for political discourse and a more welcoming stance towards immigrants in his first public speaking event since being fired one month ago. Bharara sprinkled the hour-long speech with humor, including a joke about the size of the crowd clearly aimed at Trump. But Bharara also made a series of thinly veiled criticisms of the new administration, referring multiple times to Trump’s campaign pledge to “drain the swamp” in Washington. “You don’t drain a swamp with a slogan. You don’t drain it by replacing one set of partisans with another. You don’t replace muck with muck,” Bharara, 48, said at the Cooper Union in New York.  “To drain a swamp you need an army corps of engineers, experts schooled in service and serious purpose. Not do-nothing, say-anything, neophyte opportunists who know a lot about how to bully and bluster but not so much about truth, justice and fairness.”  Bharara was fired by Trump on March 11 after refusing to step down. While he was among 46 U.S. attorneys told to submit their resignations, his dismissal was a surprise because Trump had asked him in November to stay in the job. Bharara has said it was not made clear to him at first whether or not he was being dismissed. He joked about that initial confusion with a reference to Trump’s TV reality show in which he regularly fired people on the spot. “I don’t really understand why this was such a big deal, especially to this White House. I had thought that was what Donald Trump was good at,” Bharara said.  As the chief federal prosecutor for the Southern District of New York, Bharara oversaw several notable corruption and white-collar criminal cases, as well as cases involving national security. He said he was equally proud of the less high-profile work his office did to combat gangs and consumer fraud. Bharara said he expected his successor to carry on with the office’s reputation for independence. He did not comment on who his possible successor. As for his own future, Bharara ruled out running for public office. “I don’t have any plans to enter politics just like I have no plans to join the circus. And I mean no offence to the circus.”  
We ve been reporting on this unbelievable trend in non-citizen (green card holders AND illegal aliens) voting across Maryland since August. The city of College Park,  Maryland is the latest to decide on non-citizen voting by a slim margin. Tucker Carlson is as outraged by this as we are:A city council in Maryland has voted in favor of allowing resident non-citizens such as illegal immigrants to participate in local elections. The charter amendment passed with its original wording with a vote of 4-3, with one abstention from District 1 Councilman Fazlul Kabir.The city council in College Park, home to the University of Maryland campus, has joined six other towns that allow green-card holders, illegal immigrants and other non-citizens to vote in local elections.In August, most of the residents voiced their opposition to the amendment letting all non-citizen residents to vote in local elections, but by Tuesday night, the majority wrote to the mayor in support of the proposal, Wojahn told the Post.The city hall meeting was packed and almost two-dozen people spoke against or for the motion expanding the voting privileges, Fox 5 DC reported. Local police were on hand due to previous threats and harassment over the motion.Both sides clashed verbally   with one man allegedly being called a Nazi while waiting to voice his opinion against the motion.The College Park City Council meeting is about to begin @thedbk pic.twitter.com/09ZVCwv3WA  Leah Brennan (@allhaeleah) September 12, 2017THIS IS SHOCKING! THE HISTORY OF ILLEGAL VOTING:The shocking thing is that Wikipedia says people who feel like they are citizens can vote Huh???The right of foreigners to vote in the United States has historically been a contentious issue. A foreigner, in this context, is an alien or a person who is not a citizen of the United States.Since 1996, a federal law has prohibited non-citizens from voting in federal elections, punishing them by fines, imprisonment, inadmissibility, and deportation. Exempt from punishment is any non-citizen who  reasonably believed at the time of voting that he or she was a citizen of the United States,  had a parent who is or was a citizen, and began permanently living in the United States before turning 16 years old. The federal law does not prohibit non-citizens from voting in state or local elections, but no state has allowed non-citizens to vote in state elections since Arkansas became the last state to outlaw non-citizen voting in 1926. 12 local governments, 11 of them in Maryland, allow non-citizens to vote in their local elections (Takoma Park, Barnesville, Martin s Additions, Somerset, Chevy Chase Sections 3 and 5, Glen Echo, Garrett Park, Hyattsville, College Park, and Mount Rainer). San Francisco allows noncitizens parents to vote in School Board elections (beginning in 2018).However, over 40 states or territories, including colonies before the Declaration of Independence, have at some time given at least some aliens voting rights in some or all elections. For example, in 1875, the Supreme Court in Minor v. Happersett noted that  citizenship has not in all cases been made a condition precedent to the enjoyment of the right of suffrage. Thus, in Missouri, persons of foreign birth, who have declared their intention to become citizens of the United States, may under certain circumstances vote. By 1900, nearly half of the states and territories had some experience with voting by aliens, and for some the experience lasted more than half a century. At the turn of the twentieth century, anti-immigration feeling ran very high, and Alabama stopped allowing aliens to vote by way of a constitutional change in 1901; Colorado followed suit in 1902, Wisconsin in 1908, and Oregon in 1914. Just as the nationalism unleashed by the War of 1812 helped to reverse the alien suffrage policies inherited from the late eighteenth century, World War I caused a sweeping retreat from the progressive alien suffrage policies of the late nineteenth century. In 1918, Kansas, Nebraska, and South Dakota all changed their constitutions to purge alien suffrage, and Texas ended the practice of non-citizen voting in primary elections by statute. Indiana and Texas joined the trend in 1921, followed by Mississippi in 1924 and, finally, Arkansas in 1926. In 1931, political scientist Leon Aylsworth noted:  For the first time in over a hundred years, a national election was held in 1928 in which no alien in any state had the right to cast a vote for a candidate for any office   national, state, or local. Read more: Fox News
Below is the comment in red that MoveOn.org put up before the video. Notice how they say NOTHING about the budget but just state that the program helps people. They re clearly fear mongering with vague information and NO FACTS. If you would like to go to the post on Facebook and hammer them with the statement below that s DIRECTLY from Meals on Wheels, here s the link: MoveOn.org Facebook Post On Meals on Wheels Trump wants to cut Meals on Wheels   Meals on Wheels America is one program Donald J. Trump wants to cut in his federal budget plan. It s especially outrageous because according to one Meals on Wheels director,  we re delivering a meal but we re delivering a lot more because sometimes we re the only people that this person may see  Share the message. Notice how the people in the video just speak about how the program helps people BUT doesn t discuss budget? That s because they re only fear mongering and nothing else Shame on them!MEALS ON WHEELS CAME OUT WITH A STATEMENT TO CLEAR THINGS UP: The nationwide Meals on Wheels network, comprised of 5,000, local, community-based programs, receives 35% of its total funding for the provision of congregate and home-delivered meals from the federal government through the Older Americans Act, administered by the U. S. Department of Health and Human Services, Administration for Community Living. Other federal funding sources that support Meals on Wheels program operations may include the Community Development Block Grant, Community Services Block Grant or the Social Services Block Grant. In addition, programs rely on contributions from state or local governments, private donations and other resources to cover the rest, demonstrating one of the best examples of a successful public-private partnership. Meals on Wheels America, the largest and oldest national organization representing senior nutrition programs across the country, receives only 3% of its funding from the government, specifically to run the National Research Center on Nutrition and Aging. 
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Obama administration reversed course on Tuesday on a proposal to open the southeastern Atlantic coast to drilling as an oil price slump and strong opposition in coastal communities raised doubts about the plan. Besides market and environmental concerns, the U.S. Interior Department said it also based its decision on conflicts with competing commercial and military ocean uses. The decision, which is sure to reverberate in the presidential election campaign, reverses a January 2015 proposal for new leases in the Atlantic as part of the department’s five-year plan to set new boundaries for oil development in federal waters through 2022. “We heard from many corners that now is not the time to offer oil and gas leasing off the Atlantic coast,” Interior Secretary Sally Jewell said.  “When you factor in conflicts with national defense, economic activities such as fishing and tourism, and opposition from many local communities, it simply doesn’t make sense to move forward with any lease sales in the coming five years.” Hillary Clinton, the front-runner in the race for the Democratic Party’s nomination to run in the Nov. 8 presidential election, has moved to the left on environment under pressure from green groups. She tweeted: “Relieved Atlantic drilling is now off the table. Time to do the next right thing and protect the Arctic, too.” Donald Trump, the businessman and former reality TV personality who is the Republican front-runner, has raised questions about whether more offshore drilling is necessary given the abundance of onshore shale production. The proposal would have opened up drilling sites more than 50 miles off Virginia, North and South Carolina, and Georgia to oil drilling by 2021.  Coastal communities in these states protested the administration’s plan, fearing the possibility of an oil spill like the BP Horizon accident in 2010 on the U.S. Gulf Coast, and its effects on tourism and their economies. “With this decision coastal communities have won a ‘David vs. Goliath’ fight against the richest companies on the planet, and that is a cause for tremendous optimism for the well-being of future generations,” said Jacqueline Savitz, environmental group Oceana’s vice president for U.S. oceans. Virginia officials had welcomed the initial plan to allow offshore drilling, saying it would bring economic benefits. On Tuesday, Senator Tim Kaine, a Democrat from Virginia, said he was surprised that the Department of Defense had raised concerns about naval installations, one of which is off the state’s coast. “The DOD has been relatively quiet during this public debate and has never shared their objections with me before,” he said. Major oil companies, including Exxon Mobil Corp, Shell and Chevron, had pushed for an open Atlantic. Shell Oil Company spokeswoman Natalie Mazey said the decision was “short sighted” and would “jeopardize the abundance of affordable domestic energy the economy has become dependent on.”     The American Petroleum Institute said the decision goes against the will of voters, governors and members of Congress who support more development. “The decision appeases extremists who seek to stop oil and natural gas production which would increase the cost of energy for American consumers and close the door for years to creating new jobs, new investments and boosting energy security,” said API President Jack Gerard. The Interior Department also announced Tuesday that it would evaluate 13 other potential lease sales in other areas of the country - 10 in the Gulf of Mexico and three off the coast of Alaska. “The proposal focuses potential lease sales in areas with the highest resource potential, greatest industry interest, and established infrastructure,” Jewell said. The Interior Department said that in the Gulf, resource potential and industry interest are high and infrastructure already exists.  It proposes two annual lease sales that include the Western, Central, and part of the eastern Gulf of Mexico not subject to the current congressional moratorium.  It also includes a potential sale each in the Chukchi Sea, Beaufort Sea, and Cook Inlet planning areas in Alaska. The department would take comments on other options, including an alternative that includes no new leasing. While green groups praised the decision to keep the Atlantic off limits for now, they raised concerns that the United States would keep the door open for drilling in the vulnerable U.S. Arctic. “The administration must take Arctic leases out of the final five-year plan,” said Cindy Shogan, executive director of the Alaska Wilderness League. “No place has potentially more to lose due to climate change than the Arctic.” The Interior Department will open the five-year proposal to a 90-day comment period. 
If you have a pre-existing condition, Obamacare currently protects you from being turned down for insurance on the basis of that condition. Republicans want to take that away because insuring sick people just eats too much profit, and healthcare is a privilege, not a right anyway. The latest iteration of their ridiculous healthcare plan will allow states to decide whether insurers have to cover people with pre-existing conditions, because of course it does, but it also contains a brand-new amendment that s patently disgusting.It carves an exemption out for members of Congress and their staffs. Insurers would still be required to provide coverage for them regardless of pre-existing conditions. Vox confirmed it last night: A spokesperson for Rep. Tom MacArthur (R-N.J.) who authored this amendment confirmed this was the case: members of Congress and their staff would get the guarantee of keeping these Obamacare regulations. But don t Republicans hate Obamacare? Well, their relationship with Obamacare is actually considerably more complex than we tend to give it credit for. Contrary to popular belief, we taxpayers don t subsidize Congress  health insurance the way many people think. In fact, we never did. Until 2013, they were covered under the Federal Employee Health Benefits program, which is a health insurance marketplace where they (and every other federal employee) purchase health insurance with all the same bullshit as everyone else, and have their premiums taken out of their paychecks.The Office of Personnel Management contributes to each employee s premium, but where private sector employers cover an average of 83 percent of their employees  premiums (or 72 percent for family plans), OPM covers 72 to 75 percent, whichever is less depending on a variety of factors, across the board.In 2013, all of Congress was kicked off of FEHB thanks to Sen. Chuck Grassley (R-IA). He proposed an amendment to the ACA that would require all members of Congress to purchase health insurance through the exchanges, and for their staffs under the small business provision.So that s what they ve been doing for health insurance for the last four years. Where their own lives are concerned, Obamacare s popular provisions are good things. Where the rest of the country is concerned, though, well, we all know how they feel about the rest of us. The prohibition on denying insurance due to pre-existing conditions is one of the most popular provisions and they want to gut it.For everyone but themselves.Can they get any more obvious about where their true priorities lie?Featured image by Mark Wilson via Getty Images
While it s not nice to criticize people, per se, for attempting to sing one of the hardest songs ever to sing, one person s rendition of the Star Spangled Banner at a Donald Trump rally in Eugene, Oregon, was flawlessly criticized without words.Zach Lapidus posted a video to Facebook of a split screen of himself on piano pretending to accompany the person singing the National Anthem.To be honest, once the key modulations were hit they were on point, but there were modulations on nearly every line of the song. In fact, almost every key seemed to have been hit at one point or another during the song, and Lapidus seemed to nail every single one of those key changes.The Star Spangled Banner is a tough song to play by any musician, and even harder for vocalists, because the range from the lowest notes to the highest notes are nearly two octaves. Credit should always be given to those who attempt to sing the National Anthem, and even more credit given to those who can do it well. Unfortunately, this was not one of those times.This article isn t so much to make fun of the singer   although, she is at a Trump rally and that should be ridiculed, but rather this is to compliment Lapidus on his accompaniment and ability to pick up on all the modulations. Well done.Maybe this is the version of the National Anthem taught at the Trump School of Music. https://www.facebook.com/zach.lapidus/videos/10107105609892679/Featured image via video screen capture
PARIS/WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The United States must step up its support for a planned African force to fight Islamist militants in West Africa or it could fail, leaving French troops to carry the burden alone, France s defense minister said on Friday. France intervened in Mali to ward off an offensive by Islamist militants that began in 2012, and 4,000 of its troops remain in the region as part of Operation Barkhane where they work alongside 10,000 U.N. peacekeepers in Mali. France and West African countries are pushing for the creation of a regional force known as the G5 Sahel.   Washington provides bilateral assistance, intelligence and training for regional security operations. But it is cool towards the African force and has pushed back against U.N. support for it. President Donald Trump s administration has also come under intense scrutiny over its existing operations in West Africa after an ambush in Niger in early October saw four U.S. soldiers killed by jihadists, in what experts say appears to have been an intelligence failure.  In the Sahel, France is deploying in a high-intensity environment, with tremendous support from the United States. We are immensely grateful for that support,  French Defence Minister Florence Parly said in a speech at a Washington think tank monitored in Paris.  But much more needs to be done. We can t be, and don t want to be, the praetorian (guards) of sovereign African countries. They must be made able to defeat terror on their own,  she said during a visit for meetings with her American counterpart James Mattis and White House National Security Adviser H.R. McMaster.  I would be happy if you could help spread the word in the Beltway,  she said in a reference to the U.S. government. Still, discussion in Washington was focused more on what went wrong with the Niger operation. The deadly incident has become a political football in Washington amid criticism of Trump s handling of condolence messages to the families of the dead soldiers.  The U.S. military is investigating the incident, and the FBI said it was assisting  as it has done in the past when American citizens are killed overseas.    Hours after Parly s visit to the Pentagon, Mattis visited Capitol Hill to meet Senator John McCain, who threatened to issue a subpoena to get information about the ambush in Niger after complaining about being kept in the dark.  After their talks, Mattis acknowledged that  we can always improve on communication,  remarks echoed by McCain, the powerful chairman of the Senate Armed Services Committee.  We have had our problems and issues. But I m proud to work with him, and I m proud of the work that he is doing,  McCain said. From initial accounts, the 40-member patrol, which included a dozen U.S. troops, came under attack by militants riding in a dozen vehicles and on about 20 motorcycles. Under heavy fire, U.S. troops called in French fighter jets for air support, but the firefight was at such close quarters that the planes could not engage and were instead left circling overhead. French aircraft evacuated the wounded, but the body of one of the dead soldiers was recovered by Nigerien soldiers only after two days. The U.S. military s Africa Command issued a statement on Friday explaining that the 800 U.S. military personnel in Niger were on a mission supporting African forces.  The U.S. military does not have an active, direct combat mission in Niger,  it said.  LONG-TERM  EXIT STRATEGY? Parly said the G5 Sahel force was meant to bolster the security capacity of Chad, Niger, Burkina Faso, Mali and Mauritania, which are all former French colonies.  French officials see the success of the G5 Sahel as a long-term exit strategy for Paris. For decades, France has mounted military operations in its former African colonies but in recent years it has looked to spread the cost. Until now the G5 force has only received a quarter of its estimated 423 million euro budget, according to a report by the U.N. Secretary General, who said financing the operation would  remain a significant challenge  for several years.   It will start its first operations soon. It needs support. The U.N. wants to give support. I hope everyone can become convinced that a robust U.N. assistance is necessary,  Parly said. French defense officials say they expect the first G5 patrols to begin this month and hope that will provide momentum ahead of a donor conference in December. 
Katrina Pierson does a fantastic job with this CNN anchor  
CNN s Jim Acosta keeps trolling President Trump and keeps making a total fool of himself! The latest moment was after signing a trade bill when Acosta asked why the president didn t hold a press conference Trump s response is priceless!President Trump to @Acosta:  I like real news. Not fake news. You re fake news.  https://t.co/TssGvNyUct pic.twitter.com/sQ3IR8IRdX  CSPAN (@cspan) August 14, 2017REMEMBER THIS JIM ACOSTA MOMENT?We wish President Trump could clone SENIOR ADVISOR Stephen Miller! He s so brilliant and knows immigration like no other! We can t say the same for the White House Press Corp! The Trump administration made some positive announcements on immigration and the left went nuts! Miller got the best of them!ANOTHER GREAT TAKEDOWN!
21st Century Wire says Today, RT International released a 24 min segment from a stunning interview with WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange, conducted by award-winning Australian journalist and filmmaker John Pilger.In his recent piece entitled, Why Hillary Clinton is Responsible for US Failures in Libya and Syria, 21WIRE editor Patrick Henningsen notes the true significance of Clinton s role in fomenting geopolitical uncrest during her term as US Secretary of State:   Hillary Clinton is the architect of US foreign policy failures in Libya and Syria.  We ve heard this statement made a lot over this US election cycle, but exactly how much truth is there to it? After researching this issue, not only is it true, it s an understatement. She wasn t just an architect, she was a chief instigator. Filmed at the Ecuadorian Embassy in London, this exclusive piece reveals many of the inner workings of the Hillary Clinton campaign, the Clinton Foundation, her tenure as Secretary of State, the Obama White House and a summary of the Podesta emails. This is a must watch: This interview was provided to RT by John Pilger Special, courtesy of Dartmouth Films.READ MORE ELECTION NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire 2016 FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE   SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV
MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russia is within its rights to restrict the operations of U.S. media organizations in Russia in retaliation for what Moscow calls U.S. pressure on a Kremlin-backed TV station, a Russian foreign ministry spokeswoman said on Sunday. Russian officials have accused Washington of putting unwarranted pressure on the U.S. operations of RT, a Kremlin-funded broadcaster accused by some in Washington of interfering in domestic U.S. politics, which it denies. The foreign ministry spokeswoman, Maria Zakharova, said the full weight of the U.S. authorities was being brought to bear against RT s operations in the United States, and that Moscow had the right to respond.  We have never used Russian law in relation to foreign correspondents as a lever of pressure, or censorship, or some kind of political influence, never,  Zakharova said in an interview with Russia s NTV broadcaster.  But this is a particular case.  She cited a 1991 Russian law which, she said, stated that if a Russian media outlet is subject to restrictions in a foreign country, then Moscow has the right to impose proportionate restrictions on media outlets from that country operating inside Russia.  Correspondingly, everything that Russian journalists and the RT station are subject to on U.S. soil, after we qualified it as restriction of their activities, we can apply similar measures to American journalists, American media here, on Russian territory,  Zakharova said. She did not identify any specific U.S. media outlets that would be targeted. She said it made no difference from the Russian government s point of view if those outlets were backed by the U.S. state, or privately-funded. Late last month, Russia s state communications regulator accused U.S. TV channel CNN International of violating its license to broadcast in Russia and said it had summoned the broadcaster s representatives in connection with the matter. The watchdog did not publicly disclose the nature of the violation. The head of the regulator said it was a technical matter and denied that politics was involved. U.S. intelligence officials, in a report in January this year into allegations of Russian interference in the U.S. presidential election, said RT was part of a state-run propaganda machine that supported a Kremlin campaign to influence U.S. politics. Russia Today, and Russian officials, have denied any attempt to interfere in U.S. politics. They say that political forces in the United States are whipping up hysteria about Russia s influence to discredit President Donald Trump. 
21st Century Wire says Science fiction is now science fact.Watch a video of this report here: DARPA s program director for the project says the implant is seeking to open the channel between the human brain and modern electronics. A statement from DARPA said it will enable  data-transfer bandwidth between the human brain and the digital world, feeding digital auditory or visual information into the brain. The research agency claims the project is not intended for military purposes, yet experts believe it will have many military applications. While it could potentially restore senses to injured veterans, it could also be used to heighten the senses of perfectly healthy soldiers.Moreover, let us not forget that it is the Pentagon, the military s central command, whom controls the Defence Advanced Research Projects Agency.Either way, DARPA is seeking to perfect the cyborg  an individual with both organic and mechanical body parts.If this device could be used to heighten the awareness of an individual s surroundings, could it also be manipulated to present a misleading perspective on what is happening around the implanted person?Could a soldier be manipulated into believing something was happening due to a certain message being transmitted to the implant, when in actual fact something entirely different was occurring in reality?Such devices present incredibly hard questions for accountability.However, Steven Pinker, a cognitive scientist from Harvard, is sceptical that the device could ever work: We have little to no idea how exactly the brain codes complex information My guess is that it s a waste of taxpayer dollars. Despite these concerns, DARPA is pressing ahead with the project.Do you think we are now a step closer to cyborg super soldiers, or just wasting $62 million?LEARN ALL ABOUT MILITARY SPENDING: 21WIRE Military Industrial Complex Files
By Brandon TurbevilleCNN is in full panic mode with the recent resumption of the Syrian government assault on terrorist-held East Aleppo. The discredited  news  agency is now reduced to rehashing tired and disproven propaganda against the Syrian government and claims that  Assad is killing his own people  by bombing head-chopping terrorists in East Aleppo.You have to hand it to CNN for consistency at least. Cutting edge propaganda, however, is not the corporation s strong suit, since every time it has tried to deliver a major blow, it has resulted in an epic fail  RECYCLED IMAGE: Yesterday, CNN used this recycled, staged image to sell its story, allegedly from a hospital in Aleppo used across US media last month.[Watch CNN reporter Will Ripley s propaganda video here, complete with staged imagery from the US, NATO Member-funded White Helmets and Aleppo Media Centre regime change NGOs]This time, the propaganda of choice is the same tired line that every bomb (excuse me, every  barrel bomb ) being dropped on East Aleppo has been dropped intentionally on top of civilians for the purpose of killing them all because . . . . well, that part has never been explained. But, for the average CNN reader, just know that Assad is a  bad guy  and that the  rebels  who demand veiled, silent, women and full adherence to Sharia law under pain of death are  good guys  and democracy-loving freedom fighters. The regime s siege of rebel-held neighborhoods has triggered a humanitarian catastrophe as food, water and medical supplies run low,  says CNN.Obviously, the humanitarian conditions in East Aleppo have nothing to do with savages and pre-historic bearded freaks running rampant and demanding that their ridiculous interpretation (or should I say  Saudi  interpretation) of their religion be enforced by the blade of a dull knife. It couldn t be because the terrorists have prevented aid from reaching civilians and have actively prevented civilians from leaving East Aleppo to flee to the (*gasp!!) government-held areas. It couldn t be because of the Western sanctions on Syria. It couldn t be because the United States and its treacherous allies funded a proxy army of extremists to destroy the country.No, it s because the Syrian military dared bomb foreign terrorists in East Aleppo. CNN uses interesting logic, indeed.SEE ALSO: RESCUE REDUX: Are Syria s White Helmets  Recycling  its Child Victims?The article laughably uses the notorious terrorist support group known as the White Helmets as its source relaying all the  horrors  of the Assad  regime.  This has been typical of the corporate press in the West ever since the beginning of the Syrian crisis, i.e. using terrorist organizations to cite claims against the Syrian government. Generally speaking, these terrorists are labeled  activists  when a quote is needed but, in the case of the White Helmets, the label of  humanitarian organization  is tossed around, a much more effective propaganda technique.But what is even more deceitful is that CNN also labels the White Helmets and the Syria Civil Defense as the same organization, an absolute fallacy as Vanessa Beeley, the individual who is probably most responsible for exposing this propagandistic terrorist organization, can personally attest to, having met with members of the real Syria Civil Defense in Syria and hearing their stories about the terrorism of the White Helmets. Beeley has also interviewed a doctor with the Aleppo Medical Association who was responsible for assessing East Aleppo refugees who stated clearly that, despite being widely popular in the U.S., the people in East Aleppo simply don t know who the White Helmets are. For them, White Helmets are just another terrorist group.None of this matters to CNN, however, since the corporation is nothing but a mouthpiece for the U.S. State Department, Wall Street, and international corporations. It is, in fact, nothing more than a propaganda site.Perhaps CNN was one of the  fake news  sites that Obama was whining about during his latest trip to Germany . . . .Brandon Turbeville   article archive here   is the author of seven books, Codex Alimentarius   The End of Health Freedom, 7 Real Conspiracies, Five Sense Solutions and Dispatches From a Dissident, volume 1 andvolume 2, The Road to Damascus: The Anglo-American Assault on Syria, and The Difference it Makes: 36 Reasons Why Hillary Clinton Should Never Be President. His website is BrandonTurbeville.com He is available for radio and TV interviews. Please contact activistpost (at) gmail.com.This article may be freely shared in part or in full with author attribution and source link.READ MORE SYRIA NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Syria FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE   SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV
THE MOST HATEFUL BLACK MUSLIM MAN IN AMERICA is apparently allowed to give insane speeches in front of large crowds in America calling for the killing of white men in the name of the Koran and yet no one bats an eye? This is TERRORISM!
West Virginia is solid Trump country. The argument has been made that the opioid crisis, along with the  forgotten  population of white working class voters, is the reason for that state being overwhelmingly Trump Nation. However, there is one element that cannot be ignored here: Those same white working class voters also feature a lot of racists who hate President Barack Obama, and the ultimate way to stick it to him was to put Donald Trump in the White House.Well, it seems that putting Trump in power wasn t enough for these people. Even though the orange fascist has been steadily shredding the country, degrading the office of the presidency, emboldening our adversaries and scaring the hell out of our allies for nigh on a year now, these people simply cannot resist the temptation to attack President Obama in ever more stunningly racist ways. Case in point   a Halloween costume display in Spirit Halloween in Triadelphia, West Virginia.The display features an extremely racist depiction of President Obama in the form of a mask   complete with a watermelon costume in the same display, and banana costumes a shelf or two over, according to my friend and colleague John Prager, who shot the video of the shocking racism on the part of this retailer below:This just goes to show how racist certain people in this country are. This entire display is dripping with racist stereotypes, and it uses our first African American president s image to reinforce them. We need to confront this bigotry, rather than brushing it under the rug as  economic anxiety,  or whatever other excuses we ve been letting float out there for people voting for this despicable excuse for a human being. Trump is a crude, crass, rude, misogynistic bigot. There is not one excuse on the face of the earth for voting for a blatant white supremacist, and even less than that for continuing to excuse the behavior of so many of his voters.Shame on you, Spirit Halloween. It s time for a boycott, just in time for the best holiday of the year.Featured image via Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Defense Secretary Jim Mattis openly differed with his commander in chief over North Korea on Wednesday, the latest example of a once-rare public display of disagreement by top U.S. aides that has become more frequent under President Donald Trump. “We are never out of diplomatic solutions,” Mattis told reporters, just hours after Trump said in a tweet that “talking is not the answer” to the standoff over North Korea’s nuclear weapons and missile programs. His public contradiction of Trump’s position came a day after the Pentagon chief, a retired four-star Marine general,   appeared to delay implementation of Trump’s decision to ban transgender people from enlisting in the military. Mattis was also among the senior aides, including Secretary of State Rex Tillerson and White House economic adviser Gary Cohn, who implicitly criticized the Republican president’s response to violence at a rally organized by white nationalists in Charlottesville, Virginia, earlier this month.  Presidents often disagree with senior advisers over policies or other matters but the differences are usually confined to internal deliberations and become public only through leaks or much later in memoirs, historians and former government officials said. “I haven’t seen a modern president with a pattern of this many high officials saying things like that,” said Michael Beschloss, a presidential historian. Asked in a television interview on Sunday whether Trump’s initial comments blaming “many sides” for the violence in Charlottesville instead of focusing on neo-Nazis and white nationalists raised questions about his values, Tillerson said simply: “The president speaks for himself.”   White House spokeswoman Sarah Sanders sought to play down the significance of Tillerson’s comments. “I don’t think anyone has tried to distance themselves. I think that at moments maybe you have people that disagree. I think that’s a healthy thing for you to be able to have productive conversation,” Sanders told reporters on Air Force One on Tuesday. But Beschloss said the differences being aired publicly were notable. “These are people protecting their reputations in real time, and that is something you usually do not see in high-level officials around a president,” he said. Mattis has repeatedly made clear that diplomacy - backed by a credible military option - is the only way to prevent the North Korea crisis from escalating into a potentially devastating conflict. When asked about Mattis’ comments on Wednesday, chief Pentagon spokesperson Dana White said: “Secretary Mattis provides the President with his best advice. It is the President who makes the ultimate decisions.” Leon Panetta, who served as defense secretary and CIA director under former Democratic President Barack Obama, said the airing of differences inside the Trump administration had its roots in the president’s habit of sharing his opinions in Twitter posts. “I think the problem is that they (advisers) are now dealing with a president who tweets his thoughts to the country,” said Panetta, who has said he had his own policy differences with Obama.  “He’s not the kind of individual who sits down with his national security team and tries to work these issues out in a policy process that is confined to the White House.” Earlier this month, a video posted on social media showed Mattis telling U.S. troops that the United States has problems that its military does not have. “You just hold the line until our country gets back to understanding and respecting each other and showing it,” he said.  The impromptu speech, believed to have been made during an Aug. 21 visit to Jordan, came after the violence in Charlottesville in which a woman was killed and many people were injured. Cohn clearly distanced himself from Trump’s comments on the violence, and officials said he considered resigning. “Citizens standing up for equality and freedom can never be equated with white supremacists, neo-Nazis, and the KKK (Ku Klux Klan),” he said in an interview with the Financial Times on Aug. 25. Jennifer Lawless, a professor of government at American University, said it was significant that several of Trump’s advisers distanced themselves from Trump’s comments on Charlottesville. “That makes it very difficult for him” to retaliate against individual advisers, she said. “You can’t go after every single member of your Cabinet. That makes it look like maybe you’ve made wrong choices.” 
When we think of rape, often we think of someone pulling a woman into a back alley while wearing a ski mask, or some creeper in a van snatching a child from a playground. It rarely happens that way, though. Usually, sexual assaults and other kinds of abuse happen at the hands of those we know. This is something that one Colorado mother learned the hard way, when her own husband sexually assaulted her 15-year-old daughter.Catherine St. Germain bravely posted the video of her daughter s story to Facebook in a beautifully haunting video. The background music was from the Beatles song  Yesterday.  The post went viral, as, using homemade cue cards, St. Germain revealed the identity of her now- ex-husband who turned out to be her daughter s attacker, Aaron Scott. Scott is not only a former officer of the law, but he also served in the U.S. Navy. Sometimes those charged with serving and protecting can be the people we need to fear the most. The worst part of all of this is that Scott denied what he did until DNA proved t hat he was a damned liar. Even worse than that, he took a plea deal that only got him 90 days in jail. St. Germain told local station KUSA-TV, He got 90 days   we got life. She went on to say,  via the cards in her video: I IMMEDIATELY kicked him out. Our divorce was final Sept. 1, 2015. He maintained his innocence until the DNA evidence came back POSITIVE. Only then did he accept a plea bargain. Another card warns parents: Stranger Danger  is a joke. MONSTERS look and act NORMAL. Speaking to KUSA-TV, St. Germain finishes: I keep saying I didn t do anything brave my kid did. My kid did the bravest thing,  St. Germain told KUSA.  She spoke out against the person who sexually assaulted her within 24 hours. Here is the video, via YouTube:This is one brave lady, and her child is even braver. Parents, if you kids tell you something horrible has happened to them, please listen. Do not sweep it aside. Do not act like they are trying to get attention. Let me tell you   it s usually true, and you owe them protection. That is your job as a parent.Watch the news report on this powerful story below, via KUSA-TV:Featured image via video screen capture
NEW YORK (Reuters) - New York City’s Mayor Bill de Blasio announced a $82.2 billion budget plan for the 2017 fiscal year on Tuesday, and promised an overhaul of the city’s ailing public hospitals that treat large numbers of undocumented patients. De Blasio, who hails from progressive circles of the Democratic Party, took office in 2014 after winning a landslide victory on a platform to reduce inequalities in the city. “At its core, our budget is our roadmap for lifting up communities,” de Blasio said. “The strategic investments we have put to work in every neighborhood, coupled with disciplined fiscal management, are producing real results for New Yorkers.” De Blasio said the city’s public hospital system, recently rebranded as Health & Hospitals, is facing spiraling costs due to undocumented patients and would see a $1.8 billion deficit by 2020 if the city took no action. The executive budget dedicates $2 billion to overhauling the $7.5 billion system, which treats around 1.4 million people per year. About a third of its patients are undocumented immigrants and cost the system over $2 billion each year, the mayor said. Health & Hospitals core revenue from treating poorer patients on federal and state support is under pressure as more private hospitals compete for these patients. That has left the system with a larger share of undocumented patients.     The executive budget plan for the fiscal year beginning July 1 closely tracks a preliminary budget estimate of $82.1 billion the mayor presented in January. The total budget represents a small increase over the previous year’s $81.7 billion spending plan. The executive budget increases the city’s reserves by $250 million, bringing its retiree health benefits trust fund to $3.7 billion. General reserves amount to $1 billion and $500 million is allocated to the city’s capital stabilization reserve. Budget officials said reserves were the highest in the city’s history. The mayor has repeatedly stressed the need to prepare for an economic downtown in which the city would have to “go it alone” with reduced federal and state support. 
Because there wouldn t be any outrage over a  white kids only  field trip to a local college would there?Parents criticized Indiana school officials Thursday for a trip planned to local colleges that was only offered to black third-graders, ABC 57 reported.School officials defended the trip, saying the outing sends a positive message to black students who may believe the prospect of college is out of reach. We take them to a college campus, have them meet African-American students, modeling the idea that as a black person, college is a great place,  Dr. G. David Moss, the head of the African-American services at the South Bend Community Schools Corporation, told the station.The initiative has been criticized by parents in the community, not because of its ambitions, but because it excludes students with other backgrounds.One parent whose son is going on the trip told the station that she believes  all kids should be going. Moss told the station that he did not mean to offend anyone with the trips, but said he was hired to  look at the issues facing African-American kids  in the community.Via: FOX News
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Senator Mark Warner, the top Democrat on the Senate Intelligence Committee, said allegations that President Donald Trump released classified information to Russia would be a “slap in the face” to the U.S. intelligence community, if true. “Risking sources & methods is inexcusable, particularly with the Russians,” Warner said in a comment on Twitter and distributed by his office, referring to a Washington Post report that Trump disclosed classified information to Russia’s foreign minister during a meeting last week. 
They preyed on the poor in Latin America. They promised them an education, but the real goal was about turning a profit. No, we re not talking about the Democrat party, we re talking about the sleazy Clinton Crime Syndicate, headed up by a serial sexual abuser and his habitual liar wife. You may have heard of her, she s the Democrat party s frontrunner in the upcoming presidential race With her campaign sinking in the polls, Hillary Clinton has launched a desperate attack against Trump University to deflect attention away from her deep involvement with a controversial for-profit college that made the Clintons millions, even as the school faced serious legal scrutiny and criminal investigations. In April 2015, Bill Clinton was forced to abruptly resign from his lucrative perch as honorary chancellor of Laureate Education, a for-profit college company. The reason for Clinton s immediate departure: Clinton Cash revealed, and Bloomberg confirmed, that Laureate funneled Bill Clinton $16.46 million over five years while Hillary Clinton s State Dept. pumped at least $55 million to a group run by Laureate s founder and chairman, Douglas Becker, a man with strong ties to the Clinton Global Initiative. Laureate has donated between $1 million and $5 million (donations are reported in ranges, not exact amounts) to the Clinton Foundation. Progressive billionaire George Soros is also a Laureate financial backer.As the Washington Post reports,  Laureate has stirred controversy throughout Latin America, where it derives two-thirds of its revenue.  During Bill Clinton s tenure as Laureate s chancellor, the school spent over $200 million a year on aggressive telemarketing, flashy Internet banner ads, and billboards designed to lure often unprepared students from impoverished countries to enroll in its for-profit classes. The goal: get as many students, regardless of skill level, signed up and paying tuition. I meet people all the time who transfer here when they flunk out elsewhere,  agronomy student Arturo Bisono, 25, told the Post.  This has become the place you go when no one else will accept you. Others, like Rio state legislator Robson Leite who led a probe into Bill Clinton s embattled for-profit education scheme, say the company is all about extracting cash, not educating students.  They have turned education into a commodity that focuses more on profit than knowledge,  said Leite.Progressives have long excoriated for-profit education companies for placing profits over quality pedagogy. Still, for five years, Bill Clinton allowed his face and name to be plastered all over Laureate s marketing materials. As Clinton Cash reported, pictures of Bill Clinton even lined the walkways at campuses like Laureate s Bilgi University in Istanbul, Turkey. That Laureate has campuses in Turkey is odd, given that for-profit colleges are illegal there, as well as in Mexico and Chile where Laureate also operates.Shortly after Bill Clinton s lucrative 2010 Laureate appointment, Hillary Clinton s State Dept. began pumping millions of its USAID dollars to a sister nonprofit, International Youth Foundation (IYF), which is run by Laureate s founder and chairman, Douglas Becker. Indeed, State Dept. funding skyrocketed once Bill Clinton got on the Laureate payroll, according to Bloomberg:A Bloomberg examination of IYF s public filings show that in 2009, the year before Bill Clinton joined Laureate, the nonprofit received 11 grants worth $9 million from the State Department or the affiliated USAID. In 2010, the group received 14 grants worth $15.1 million. In 2011, 13 grants added up to $14.6 million. The following year, those numbers jumped: IYF received 21 grants worth $25.5 million, including a direct grant from the State Department.For entire story: Breitbart News
Fox News continues to outdo itself for its incompetent so-called journalism. A Fox News host said that Bernie Sanders is basically a communist for wanting free college tuition for young Americans. While the host has no clue to what a communist is, what the host said about millions of Americans was the true insult.In a startling display of disdain for middle and lower-income Americans, Fox host Gretchen Carlson said that if rich kids get to go to school on their parents  dime, then it s because  their parents worked incredibly hard : Where he said, you know, poor people should be able to go to college free, like rich kids. Free?  If that s actually true, quite possibly their parents worked incredibly hard to be able to pay for them, the full ride to go to college! What her silly statement implies is that parents of kids who can t afford to send them to college without assistance means that they are not hard workers. The shear arrogance is striking. How much money a person makes is not indicative of whether he/she works hard! The shear stupidity coupled with arrogance is very disturbing. It s puzzling how such people can have a platform on television.The host also went on to demean younger generations for supporting Bernie Sanders. Alarmed by the overwhelming support Sanders has received from young voters, Carlson dismisses them as lacking an understanding in what she believed were Sanders  communist policies. She said:  We have fought wars! Men and women have died in this country to fight against communism and many of these same principles, quite honestly   Katherine, I mean, it s astounding. The more these people continue to spew such nonsense, the more obvious it is why Sanders has enormous popular appeal to Americans. It s time to give the American Dream back to everyone and not a select few.Watch Here: [youtube https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E8DKt6MhUGo]Featured Image via Screen Capture
TURNBERRY, Scotland (Reuters) - U.S. Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump, stung by a meager fundraising haul compared with that of Democratic rival Hillary Clinton, predicted on Friday his campaign would draw “staggering” numbers this summer. Supporters have voiced concern he will not have enough money to finance his campaign for the Nov. 8 presidential election. Trump had $1.3 million in cash to start the month, compared with rival Democrat Hillary Clinton’s $42 million war chest. “The numbers are going to be, I think, quite staggering, especially in July,” Trump, a New York real estate developer, said at a news conference in Turnberry, Scotland, where he reopened a golf resort. He said he had only begun fundraising in earnest a few weeks ago and that the numbers, especially for small donations, had been “amazing.” Steve Mnuchin, Trump’s top fundraiser, told CNBC on Thursday that in the past week the campaign had raised about $10 million together with the Republican Party at fundraising events. He said Trump also raised $6 million through online donations. [L1N19F0VD] Trump said on Friday the July report “will show you some pretty massive numbers.” Trump also has suggested he could use more of his personal wealth to help win the White House. 
Yet another Republican official has come out to say that despite political differences, Hillary Clinton is a hell of a lot better choice than Donald Trump could ever be as President of the United States. Carlos Gutierrez was the U.S. Commerce Secretary under President George W. Bush. He is also endorsing Hillary Clinton for the 2016 presidential race. Gutierrez says of Clinton during an interview on CNN s State of the Union: I think   Hillary Clinton is the best for the country. I m not thinking about it as a Republican. I m thinking about it as a U.S. citizen. And that is what Paul Ryan, Mitch McConnell, John McCain, and all the other Republicans need to do. They need to stop thinking like career politicians and start thinking about what is good for the country. Donald Trump is not good for the country; in fact, he is downright dangerous for both the nation and the world, and there s no way they don t know this. Despite said knowledge, though, they insist that Trump is better than Hillary Clinton. After praising Clinton, Gutierrez continued on to Trump s deficiencies: I think at some point you have to put the party aside and think about what s best for the country. I don t want to live in a society that Donald Trump will create. After slamming Trump, Gutierrez went on to say of Clinton: I think she d make a darn good president. The conversation then turned to David Duke and the Ku Klux Klan, who Trump failed to disavow immediately: He s under Trump s platform. Is that a trend? Are we going to see more of that? Is that the kind of society we re going to become? Are we going back 50 years? I don t want to go back 50 years. Well, Mr. Gutierrz, Trump is a bona fide racist, and there is lots of evidence to demonstrate that fact. Further, his running mate is a misoygnist and a homophobe. So, yes, that s the society we d be living in if they were to win. We just all must make sure that they don t.Watch the video below:On #CNNSOTU w/@jaketapper Fmr. Bush Official Carlos Gutierrez endorses @HillaryClinton https://t.co/vRi2oz0epU  State of the Union (@CNNSotu) August 14, 2016Featured image via Justin Sullivan/Getty Images
BAGHDAD (Reuters) - The Iraqi government will not hold talks with the Kurdistan Regional Government (KRG) about the results of the  unconstitutional  referendum on independence held on Monday in northern Iraq, Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi said.  We are not ready to discuss or have a dialogue about the results of the referendum because it is unconstitutional,  Abadi said in a speech broadcast on state TV on Monday night. Masoud Barzani s KRG says the referendum is not binding and was meant to be a legitimate mandate to negotiate with Baghdad and neighboring countries over the secession of the Kurdish-controlled region from Iraq. The vote was expected to deliver a comfortable  yes , and final results should be announced in 72 hours. 
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Draft legislation responding to U.S. President Donald Trump’s refusal to certify the Iran nuclear deal would set tough new terms for the pact, including restoring sanctions if Iran tests a ballistic missile able to carry a warhead or bars nuclear inspectors from any sites. Critics of the legislation drafted by Republican Senators Bob Corker and Tom Cotton, with support from the Trump administration, said it could put the United States in violation of the international agreement if it were enacted. The draft, seen by Reuters on Tuesday, was in the works on Oct. 13 when Trump announced he would not formally certify that Tehran was complying with the international nuclear pact, and called on Congress to write legislation to toughen it. Since then, Corker has met with Senate Democratic colleagues, at least some of whom would have to back the legislation for it to pass. They have insisted that Washington work with European allies who co-signed the deal before making any changes. Britain, France, Germany and the European Union, which also signed the nuclear accord - as did Russia and China - warned that Trump’s plan could cause a split with Washington and risked U.S. credibility abroad. Corker, chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, told Reuters last week that the Trump administration must work closely with European allies as it develops its new Iran policy. The draft legislation, a proposed amendment to the Iran Nuclear Agreement Review Act passed in 2015, broadens a required administration assessment on whether Iran is complying with the pact to add factors related to issues from trade to whether Iran is using commercial aircraft licensed by the United States for non-civil aviation purposes. As previously reported, it would instantly reimpose, or “snap back” sanctions lifted under the agreement if Iran were deemed capable of developing a nuclear weapon within a year. The Iran issue has been complicated by Trump’s recent attacks on Corker, in which he blamed him for the nuclear deal forged under former Democratic President Barack Obama. The pact, which world leaders have urged Trump not to derail, was opposed by every Republican in Congress including Corker.  Corker has lashed back at Trump by saying he has failed to grow into the job as president and blaming him for breaking down important international relationships. A spokeswoman for Corker did not immediately respond to a request for comment on how the dispute with the president might affect the Iran legislation. 
Police on Tuesday arrested two people and were seeking a third after a shooting in Northwest Rochester, MN.In 2014, Rochester, MN was ranked No. 2 on Livability.com s second annual national list of the Top 100 Best Places to Live.Rochester, MN is now a gateway city for refugee resettlement and it is being systematically destroyed. Violent crime is at unprecedented levels. Daily reports of gunfights are not uncommon.Authorities received multiple emergency calls about 12:50 p.m., reporting shots fired in a parking lot at Minnwest Bank, 331 16th Ave. NW. According to Sgt. Frank Ohm of the Rochester Police Department, the incident involved  three to four black males fighting,  and shots were fired.One or two individuals ran south, and one or two individuals ran north away from the parking lot, Ohm added. Two suspects were arrested down the street and were taken into custody for further questioning.UPDATE: Attempted murder charges have been filed against the two Rochester men arrested as suspects in Tuesday s shooting near the Olive Garden restaurant.Arraigned Thursday were 21-year-old Abdi Abukar and 22-year-old Idris Haji-Mohamed. Conditional bail for the two suspects was set at $500,000.Multiple witnesses have identified Abukar as the one who was firing shots at a third man as he ran through the parking lot of the restaurant just before 1 p.m. The gun suspected of being used in the shooting was found near where the two men were apprehended. Police suspect a second gun was involved. And, at least one witness told police it appeared two men were shooting at each other. The man who was being fired at is still being sought.Police aren t sure what the motive was for the shooting because the two suspects have not given a statement. It s suspected it may be related to two recent shootings in the city. Pamela Gellar
 
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Barack Obama’s foreign policy legacy rests in part on a foundation of unilateral actions that his successor Donald Trump could reverse with the stroke of a pen. Due to take office on Jan. 20, Trump, the winner in Tuesday’s election, campaigned at times to dismantle Obama’s nuclear deal with Iran and to reimpose sanctions Obama eased on Cuba. Trump also disagreed with foreign policy decisions that included the way Obama has deployed troops abroad to combat Islamist militant groups. In his most notable foreign policy achievements, Obama, a Democrat, used executive authorities that offered a convenient legal path around a Republican-controlled Congress committed to blocking his agenda. The U.S. Constitution gives a president broad executive powers to enact foreign policy. Both Republican and Democratic presidents have sought to exercise those powers by issuing executive orders, presidential memoranda and what are called findings. “He (Obama) relied on executive authority to build a foreign policy legacy,” said Thomas Wright, director of the Project on International Order and Strategy at the Brookings Institution.  “That is all vulnerable to countervailing executive authority by a Trump administration,” Wright said. Obama had hoped to pass his legacy on to Democrat Hillary Clinton, his former secretary of state, but she lost the presidential election to Trump, a Republican businessman who has never held public office or served in the military.  Often contradicting himself during the campaign, Trump made it difficult to know for sure what policies he would pursue. Major constraints include budget caps, laws he cannot reverse without Congress, and the pressure that will emerge to replace policies he chooses to abandon. Trump said in an October speech that he would “cancel every unconstitutional executive action, memorandum and order issued by President Obama” on his first day in office, without saying who would determine their constitutionality. A Trump spokeswoman did not respond to a request for comment on Thursday on his latest plans. Perhaps nowhere has Obama faced more congressional opposition than in his pursuit of the 2015 deal with Iran, which Republicans and some Democrats said put too few restrictions on Iran’s nuclear program in return for too much sanctions relief. Trump has vowed to dismantle it, although his statements on the deal have been contradictory. A president may tighten and relax economic sanctions by executive order. “Anything enacted by executive order can be rescinded by executive order,” said Zachary Goldman, a former U.S. Treasury official now at New York University. Obama drew enough support from Democrats to block a Republican-led resolution rejecting the Iran deal, achieving a political victory but falling short of a consensus.  Trump will have the added advantage of working with a U.S. Senate and a House of Representatives controlled by fellow Republicans. Senate Republican Leader Mitch McConnell said on Wednesday he hoped Trump would “see how much he can undo the unilateral actions the president took all by himself, which would not require us.” Breaking with longstanding U.S. policy on another issue, Obama restored diplomatic ties with Cuba in 2015. But facing opposition in Congress to lifting a broad economic embargo, especially from Republicans, he used executive actions to ease some U.S. sanctions. Obama capped his Cuba efforts last month with a sweeping  “presidential policy directive,” which also is reversible and sets forth mandates for government engagement, people-to-people exchanges, and greater U.S. business ties. Trump has taken contradictory positions on whether he supports the embargo or not. Obama’s aides said the easing of restrictions was aimed at securing enough benefits for U.S. businesses and travelers that it would be difficult, if not impossible, for any Republican president to reverse the opening to Cuba. Trump could roll back Obama’s efforts to create greater transparency about drone strikes. Obama issued an executive order in July requiring annual disclosures about such strikes. As commander-in-chief, Trump will wield the power to mobilize the U.S. military on short notice and without first seeking approval from Congress. Obama deployed U.S. troops to Iraq, Syria and Libya to help fight the Islamic State militant group by relying on the authority Congress granted President George W. Bush to battle al Qaeda. That same authority would allow Trump to ramp up U.S. deployments in fights against Islamist militants if he chose to do so. One former U.S. intelligence official, speaking on condition of anonymity, said the president can approve covert action and needs only to brief relevant leaders in Congress once the operation is under way. Trump’s powers, however, are limited. He pledged to expand the Army, grow the Marine Corps, boost the Navy from 276 to 350 ships and submarines, and raise the number of Air Force tactical aircraft from 1,100 to 1,200. For starters, that would require that Congress scrap government spending caps under the Budget Control Act. Trump’s support for water-boarding, an interrogation technique that simulates drowning, also would meet opposition. Congress last year passed legislation barring the use of waterboarding and other “extreme interrogation techniques” widely considered torture. Obama signed the measure into law last November. 
Remember when colleges and university were one of the best places in America to have discussions about politics? To be clear, the university does in fact support free speech unless of course, you re a Trump supporter Several events for Ohio University s Greek Week, an annual, weeklong event focused on philanthropy, have been canceled after some Sorority and Fraternity Life members painted  Build the Wall  on an area typically designated for graffiti last week.The Greek Week events, set to take place between April 11 and 18, were amended after unnamed members of Sorority and Fraternity Life painted the graffiti wall by Bentley Hall, including the phrase  Build the Wall,  according to a letter sent Sunday to sororities and fraternities.The phrase has been a part of Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump s campaign to construct a wall between the United States and Mexico to discourage immigration from South and Central American countries.The letter was addressed to the  OU Sorority and Fraternity Life community and supporters,  and was signed by the Interfraternity Council, Multicultural Greek Council, National Pan-Hellenic Council and the Women s Panhellenic Association. This phrase is offensive and hurtful to many individuals as it is directly tied to the Hispanic/Latino/a community, makes them feel marginalized, and the message was interpreted that they do not belong at Ohio University,  the letter stated. Via: The Post AthensNo regard was given to the potentially  offensive  message Hispanic students painted over Trump message:
President Donald Trump didn t take long to put his stamp on the Oval Office, reinstalling a bust of Winston Churchill that had gotten the boot under President Obama.The Churchill bust was on view as Trump took some of his first actions as president, signing executive orders and a waiver to let generals serve in his cabinet despite prohibitions on ex-military tenure.There was a transatlantic flap when Obama removed the Churchill bust in 2009. The White House at first denied it had been removed, but it was later confirmed that it had been returned to the British Embassy.Reporters allowed into the Oval Office for the document signings observed the change.Obama defended the removal on a trip to the United Kingdom.  I love Winston Churchill, I love the guy,  Obama said at a press conference in London with then-Prime Minister David Cameron. Then-London mayor Boris Johnson, now foreign secretary, attributed the removal to Obama s  ancestral dislike of the British Empire  owing to his father s Kenyan heritage.During the initial flap, then-White House press secretary Dan Pfeiffer defiantly denied the charge, saying  The bust is still in the White House. In the Residence. Outside the Treaty Room.  In fact, that was another bust that had been a gift to President Lyndon Johnson.The new Trump press shop didn t immediately respond to a request for comment Friday night.The Sun reported that when Johnson visited Trump tower and met with Trump advisors Steven Bannon and Trump son-in-law Jared Kushner, they asked for the bust to be returned. The Prime Minister is happy to loan the Churchill bust to the White House and will be delighted to view it on display when she visits this Spring,  a spokesperson for Prime Minister Theresa May told the paper.   Daily MailYesterday, TIME reporter Zeke Miller erroneously reported that Trump removed the MLK Jr bust from the Oval Office. He was called out for lying by President Trump s Press Secretary Sean Spicer and was forced to apologize:Here s the tweet from Trump s outspoken Press Secretary Sean Spice:Thanks to White House Chief of Staff for this wonderful picture of the MLK bust in the oval pic.twitter.com/Lzgj6RljvI  Sarah Sanders (@PressSec) January 21, 2017 
MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russia may decide to designate any media as  foreign agents  if they are financed by a foreign state or citizen, or by a Russian  organization that gets foreign financing, the Interfax news agency reported on Thursday. Interfax cited a draft regulation from the justice ministry. Russian President Vladimir Putin signed a law last month that allowed the authorities to designate foreign media outlets as  foreign agents  in response to what Moscow said was unacceptable U.S. pressure on Russian media. So far, it has been exclusively used to label media sponsored by the U.S. authorities as foreign agents, but the new regulation would appear to go further.   Under the existing law media branded  foreign agents  must provide any news they provide to Russians as the work of foreign agents and disclose their funding sources. 
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Democrat Doug Jones, who scored an upset victory last week in the U.S. Senate race in Alabama, said on Sunday he did not believe President Donald Trump needed to resign over sexual misconduct allegations against him. “I don’t think that the president ought to resign at this point,” Jones told CNN’s State of the Union program. “Those allegations were made before the election, and so people had an opportunity to judge before that election. I think we need to move on and not get distracted by those issues.” More than a dozen women have accused Trump of making unwanted sexual advances against them before he entered politics.  Accusations of sexual harassment against high-profile men in politics, media and the entertainment industry have put a new spotlight on the allegations against Trump, and several Democratic senators have called on him to resign. Trump and White House officials have denied the allegations. The accusations emerged during the 2016 presidential campaign, when a videotape surfaced of a 2005 conversation caught on an open microphone in which Trump spoke in vulgar terms about trying to have sex with women. Trump apologized for the remarks but called them private “locker-room talk” and said he had not done the things he talked about. Jones prevailed in the Senate race against Republican Roy Moore, who himself had been accused of sexual misconduct. Jones’ victory in the deeply conservative state of Alabama was a political blow to Trump, who had endorsed Moore. 
John Lester: As a Naval flight officer I held the top secret sensitive compartmentalized information clearance. And that provided me access with materials and information highly sensitive to our war fighting capabilities. Had I communicated this information not following the prescribed protocols I would have been prosecuted and imprisoned. Secretary Clinton, how can you expect those such as myself who are and were trusted with America s most sensitive information to have any confidence in your leadership as president when you clearly corrupted our national security. 
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Barack Obama in a statement on Saturday offered his condolences to Fidel Castro’s family and added that history would judge Castro’s impact on Cuba and around the world.  “At this time of Fidel Castro’s passing, we extend a hand of friendship to the Cuban people,” Obama said. “History will record and judge the enormous impact of this singular figure on the people and world around him.” Obama added that during his presidency he had worked to “put the past behind us,” while working on a future that was built on those things that were in common. 
At a campaign rally in Cedar Rapids, Iowa, Republican presidential front runner Donald Trump prefaced the caucus by inviting his loyal supporters to  knock the crap out of  protesters   and that he would take care of the legal consequences of any resulting violence.Trump began his invitation by saying he d received a warning from his  wonderful security guys.  He continued by referencing a recent incident where a heckler threw a few tomatoes at him during a rally: There may be somebody with tomatoes in the audience. So if you see somebody getting ready to throw a tomato, knock the crap out of them, would you? Seriously. Okay? Just knock the hell   I promise you, I will pay for the legal fees. I promise, I promise. It won t be so much  cause the courts agree with us too. Here s the footage of Trump encouraging his fans to be violent at his rally:This isn t much of a surprise from Trump   and without a doubt his supporters will be more than happy to take him up on that request. Trump s supporters have earned themselves a reputation for roughing up protesters, and Trump has done little to stop the violence   in some cases, he has even supported it and egged the crowd on.Previously, Trump came to the defense of his fans after they kicked and punched a #BlackLivesMatter protestor when he said,  Maybe he should have been roughed up.  In another instance, Trump ordered security to throw a protester out of an event in Vermont without the heckler s coat, enthusiastically noting that  it s about ten degrees below zero outside. By the way, it s illegal to encourage people to commit violent crimes. According to Iowa state law, anyone  directing abusive words or making a threatening gesture which the person knows (or reasonably should know) is likely to provoke a violent reaction by another  can be charged with disorderly conduct. In a perfect world, Trump would be forced to spend 30 days in jail because his minions just can t resist following his orders. Unfortunately, what will actually happen is his approval rating will go up. Featured image from video screen capture
21st Century Wire asks What really happened in the death of Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia?With the United States deep in the throes of the 2016 presidential primaries, the sudden death of Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia has provided a controversial backdrop to an already tense electoral race.Reports state that the 79-year-old conservative justice was found dead this past Saturday in his hotel room at Cibolo Creek Ranch, a luxury ranch located in Presidio County, Texas.  NO COUNTRY FOR OLD MEN    Several Hollywood films have been shot in the surrounding areas of Cibolo Creek Ranch, including the haunting motion picture No Country For Old Men. (Photo cctoaks.com)The San Antonio Express-News reported that ranch owner, John Poindexter, discovered Scalia s body three hours after first visiting the deceased jurist s hotel room at 8:30 in the morning on Saturday: We discovered the judge in bed, a pillow over his head. His bed clothes were unwrinkled,  the Cibolo Ranch owner told reporters on Monday.  He was lying very restfully. It looked like he had not quite awakened from a nap. As several days have now passed, various theories have surfaced in the aftermath of Scalia s death, causing Poindexter to further clarify his eyewitness account with the Daily News: There was a pillow over his head, not over his face,  said Poindexter.  The face was entirely clear. One of the most troubling aspects of Scalia s death, aside from lack of an autopsy being performed or that Presidio County Judge Cinderela Guevara pronounced the manner of his death over the phone without being present. Later, Guevara appears to have reversed her previous statement claiming that Scalia had died of a  heart attack , revising the cause of death to  natural causes . Resort owner and Democrat Party financier John Poindexter pictured with President Obama.It should also be noted that the resort owner, John Poindexter, is a prominent Democrat Party donor and Obama Award Winner.Another disturbing fact: Justice Scalia was a key vote in temporarily blocking the Clean Power Plan crafted by the White House, a set of new EPA climate regulations, as reported by The Atlantic: On Tuesday [February 9th], the Supreme Court ruled 5-4 that the rules should neither be implemented nor enforced until the high court itself heard their opponents  case. This was itself unprecedented: Never before had the Supreme Court stayed a set of regulations before a federal court even heard the initial case about them. With the Clean Power Plan looming, there are several upcoming and potentially historic  Supreme Court cases that could be impacted by Scalia s death.Over the years, some have questioned Scalia s various hunting trips and political connections as reported by the LA Times: Scalia engendered criticism in the past over his choice of partners on hunting trips. In 2001, he went on a pheasant hunting trip with the dean of a Kansas law school who was the lead attorney in two cases that were about to come before the Supreme Court. And in 2004, he went duck hunting with then-Vice President Dick Cheney   flying with him on a plane that served as Air Force 2  while the high court was considering a case that challenged the secrecy of an energy task force led by Cheney. Many questions still remain in the death of Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia   which will no doubt prompt speculation well into the foreseeable future.No More Fake News reports below   TIPPING THE BALANCE    Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia.  (Photo dallasnews)By John RappoportLet s jump right in with quotes from the Washington Post, 2/15,  Conspiracy theories swirl around the death of Antonin Scalia . The Post published extraordinary statements from the Facebook page of  William O. Ritchie, former head of criminal investigations for D.C. police : As a former homicide commander, I am stunned that no autopsy was ordered for Justice Scalia. You have a Supreme Court Justice who died, not in attendance of a physician. You have a non-homicide trained US Marshal tell the justice of peace that no foul play was observed. You have a justice of the peace pronounce death while not being on the scene and without any medical training opining that the justice died of a heart attack. What medical proof exists of a myocardial Infarction? Why not a cerebral hemorrhage? How can the Marshal say, without a thorough post mortem, that he was not injected with an illegal substance that would simulate a heart attack Did the US Marshal check for petechial hemorrhage in his eyes or under his lips that would have suggested suffocation? Did the US Marshal smell his breath for any unusual odor that might suggest poisoning? My gut tells me there is something fishy going on in Texas. If this isn t enough, the Post goes on: Scalia s physician, Brian Monahan, is a U.S. Navy rear admiral and the attending physician for the U.S. Congress and Supreme Court. He declined to comment on Scalia s [prior] health when reached by telephone Monday at his home in Maryland. Patient confidentiality forbids me to make any comment on the subject,  he said. When asked whether he planned to make public the statement he s preparing for [Texas Judge] Guevara, Monahan repeated the same statement and hung up on a reporter. As long as no law-enforcement investigation of Scalia s death is launched, the doctor is justified. Confidentiality applies, unless Scalia s family lifts it. But if such an investigation is opened, all bets are off. Confidentiality no longer applies.There are reports that, after Scalia s body was transported from the celebrity ranch in Texas, closely guarded and shielded by a bevy of marshals, it was rapidly embalmed. If so, that would apparently make toxicological tests far more difficult or impossible.As for a murder motive, try: upsetting the voting balance of the US Supreme Court. Try: a push to appoint a new Justice now, thus ensuring the appointee s political persuasion, regardless of the outcome of the 2016 Presidential election.Continue this story at No More Fake NewsREAD MORE ELECTION NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire 2016 Files
MOSCOW (Reuters) - Vladimir Putin stayed away from events marking the centenary of the Russian Revolution on Tuesday, an event that changed the world but has awkward associations for the former KGB operative who was trained to keep a lid on dissent, not celebrate it. In the Soviet era, missile launchers rumbled across Red Square on Nov. 7, Soviet leaders watched from atop the mausoleum of Vladimir Lenin   father of the Bolshevik Revolution   and the anniversary of the uprising was a public holiday. Red Square did host a military parade on Tuesday, but it was mainly a stylized historical re-enactment of a Soviet 1941 Second World War event and gave only a brief nod to the famous uprising. It was not shown live on state TV, and featured merely a brief segment on the 1917 revolution with Red Army soldiers. The centenary, Putin s spokesman said, was a routine working day for the president who had several Kremlin meetings. Accused by the opposition of having metamorphosed into a cross between a Soviet-style autocrat and a Tsar and eyeing possible re-election next year, the 65-year-old Russian leader has spent years preaching stability while denouncing uprisings in the former Soviet Union and the Middle East. Riot police have cracked down on a string of anti-government protests this year, carrying out mass detentions, and opposition leader and fierce Putin critic Alexei Navalny has been jailed three times for breaking public protest rules.      Putin, in his quest to weld a proud national identity, has cherry-picked parts of Russia s Soviet past, like its World War Two victory and its success in space. But while he does not stress Communism s role in those feats, he has sometimes struck an ambivalent tone, once calling the 1991 Soviet collapse the greatest geopolitical catastrophe of the twentieth century.    In rare comments on the subject ahead of the centenary, Putin made clear he thought it would have been better if the 1917 Revolution had never happened, and that he believed there was nothing to celebrate.  ... We see how ambiguous its results were, how closely the negative and, we must acknowledge, the positive consequences of those events are intertwined,  Putin told a gathering of academics last month.   Was it not possible to follow an evolutionary path rather than go through a revolution? Could we not have evolved by way of gradual and consistent forward movement rather than at the cost of destroying our statehood and the ruthless fracturing of millions of human lives?  Putin chose his words carefully. The centenary may leave him with mixed feelings, but it remains a hallowed anniversary for the Russian Communist party and for many older Russians. Although it is the second largest party in the lower house of parliament after the pro-Kremlin United Russia party, the Russian Communist Party wields little real influence today and votes with the Kremlin on most major issues. But its supporters, who held a week-long series of celebratory events to mark the revolution s centenary and were due to rally in Moscow later on Tuesday, believe their time will come again.  Capitalism is stumbling from one crisis to another,  veteran Russian Communist Party leader Gennady Zyuganov wrote in a centenary congratulatory note to his supporters.   We are convinced that the sun of socialism will once again rise over Russia and the whole world.  
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republican officials from 16 U.S. states led by Texas said on Tuesday they have come to the defense of President Donald Trump’s ban on travelers from six Muslim-majority nations, telling the Supreme Court the order did not unconstitutionally single out Muslims and was needed to protect national security. The officials filed a legal brief with the Supreme Court as it mulls whether to take up the Trump administration’s appeal of lower court rulings blocking the travel ban signed by the Republican president on March 6 and let it go into effect. In the states’ brief, filed on Monday, Texas Solicitor General Scott Keller wrote that the executive order does not mention religion at all and distinguishes people based only on nationality. “The executive order therefore is emphatically not a ‘Muslim ban,’” Keller wrote. Keller added that courts should be careful when second-guessing a president’s national security determinations, an argument that echoes the administration’s view that the judiciary should defer to the president on such matters. The brief said the order did not violation the Constitution’s ban on the government favoring or disfavoring any particular religion or its guarantee of due process. The filing came after the administration asked the high court last Thursday to allow the order to take effect. [nL1N1IZ03Q] Aside from Texas, the officials were Republican state attorneys general from Alabama, Arizona, Arkansas, Florida, Kansas, Louisiana, Montana, North Dakota, Ohio, Oklahoma, South Carolina, South Dakota, Tennessee and West Virginia, as well as Mississippi’s Republican governor. Three Republican attorneys general came from states with Democratic governors: Louisiana, Montana and West Virginia. Most of the states had also backed Trump earlier in the litigation. Many Democratic state officials have opposed the ban in lower courts. The high court is due to review legal papers filed by the ban’s challengers, backed by the American Civil Liberties Union, before acting. The briefs are due on Monday. A key issue before the justices in whether Trump’s comments during the 2016 president campaign, including calling for “a total and complete shutdown of Muslims entering the United States,” can be used as evidence that his order was intended to discriminate against Muslims.  The administration filed emergency applications with the justices seeking to block lower court rulings that went against Trump’s order barring entry for people from Iran, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and Yemen for 90 days while the U.S. government implements stricter visa screening. Trump’s order also called for suspending all refugee admissions for 120 days. The move comes after the Richmond, Virginia-based 4th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals on May 25 upheld a Maryland judge’s ruling blocking the order. [nL1N1IR1FY]  Potentially making it harder for his lawyers to win at the Supreme Court, Trump again commented on the case on Monday, tweeting complaints that his own administration had issued a “watered down, politically correct version” of an earlier order he signed on Jan. 27 that also was blocked by courts. [nL1N1J209L] 
When Kellogg pulled its advertising from the white nationalist website known as Breitbart, they and their followers decided Kellogg was evil for this and called for a boycott. Breitbart s editor-in-chief, Alexander Marlow, even said: [T]o blacklist Breitbart News in order to placate left-wing totalitarians is a disgraceful act of cowardice. Or it s standing up for the rights and dignity of the people Breitbart regularly targets, but hey, they aren t exactly known for their ability to see reality. It seems, though, that their war against Kellogg is now backfiring. Vanguard, 3M and AARP are leaving now, too.And others pulling their ads from Breitbart include Nest Labs, Earthlink, ModCloth and Allstate. Many companies  ads are placed automatically on websites through third parties, but those that are leaving have taken steps to blacklist Breitbart.In short, Breitbart fucked up. They made two major mistakes: The first was when they decided to become the mouthpiece of white supremacy and nationalism, and the second was when they decided to attack one of their biggest advertisers.Advertisers do not like being associated with hate. It harms their brands.Advertisers also do not like seeing one of their partners attack other advertisers. It makes them wonder when it ll be their turn in the crosshairs.However, Breitbart seems to be too consumed with their hate of everything to the left of extreme white nationalism to understand this. They see Kellogg s decision as  anti-American,  which is absolutely absurd since American businesses have always shifted their interests around for the purpose of protecting their brands.But because the members of the so-called  alt-right  (read: white nationalists) think they re the most put-upon and persecuted demographic that ever existed in the whole entire history of everything, of course Breitbart calls this  anti-American.  It s only nice and patriotic when they re doing this kind of thing.Lee Wilkins, professor of communications at Wayne State University, probably summed up Breitbart s war on Kellog the best by saying that Breitbart was  behaving stupidly. There s a difference between being a conservative site and a white nationalist site. Breitbart would do well to figure this out.Featured image by Mike Mozart, CC BY 2.0 via Flickr
ONITSHA, Nigeria (Reuters) - Police in Nigeria s southern Delta state said they killed one suspect and arrested two others accused of involvement in the kidnapping last month of four Britons.  Three of the British hostages, who were taken by gunmen on Oct. 13, were released earlier this week after negotiations, but a fourth, Ian Squire was killed.  Delta state police spokesman Andrew Aniamaka said officers arrested two suspects and killed a third after he opened fire, wounding two officers.  Aniamaka said two other suspects who were arrested previously led police to the three men. Kidnapping for ransom is common in parts of Nigeria, including the Delta region that produces the bulk of the country s crude oil, but is mired in poverty and plagued by criminal and militant activity.  
DONALD TRUMP Announced he s making a symbolic speech at Gettysburg, PA tomorrow in his effort to take his case to the people. He s going to give his plan for his first 100 days in office real change and not the kind Obama planned on.While Hillary tries to run out the clock, Trump is still working like crazy to have people hear his vision for a Trump presidency Conservatives revved up about symbolism of Trump speech at Gettysburg, where the 1863 battle was a turning point in the Civil War 
This is a shocker! The very dry and serious Chief White House  Correspondent Ed Henry has been caught in a sexual affair with a Vegas beauty. FOX News announced he s taking some time off to  sort things out . A married Fox News host is taking some time off after his mistress did a tell all revealing salacious details of their alleged affair.Natalia Lima spoke with In Touch and shared how her relationship with Fox News chief White House Correspondent Ed Henry, 44, went from innocent banter to something she claims was far more sexual over the course of the past five years. Lima, a Las Vegas hostess, also shared text messages she claims were exchanged between herself and Henry detailing sexual acts they had performed on one another and hoped to perform in the future. Fox News said in a statement shortly after details of the alleged affair were revealed in the magazine;  We recently became aware of Ed s personal issues and he s taking some time off to work things out.  Soon after the story about his affair was released Henry was seen smiling outside his home in his gym gear. He was then seen wearing his wedding ring as he took a walk around his neighborhood in an Under Armour shirt and Brooklyn Dodgers baseball cap.Lima also said that Henry had a thing for bubble baths, and once brought over Mr. Bubble when he visited her at her condo for a hookup.  He never gave me anything, but one time I was really stressed out about money so he did cover my rent,  said Lima.She added that he did not withdraw the money from an ATM however as that would have been a  red flag  to his wife.  One time he said,  It s not like a crazy hookup, it s like you are my girlfriend,  said Lima.  He never really talked about his wife   he mentioned her a couple of times   but I never really asked about her, either.  The relationship soured Lima claims after her Twitter account was hacked earlier this year, after which she said Henry began acting  kinda weird.  Henry deleted all of his tweets prior to January 23 on his Twitter account. They last met up in February and after promising to contact her the next day she did not hear from Henry again.  It s like he used me. But I should ve know better,  said Lima. Prior to their relationship turning sexual Henry shared photos of himself golfing or in front of Air Force One with Lima, but an October exchange is incredibly graphic between the pair.  mmmmm yes bath w you,  writes Henry. Lima responds with three kissing face emojis and then writes;  Why are emojis so big?  Lima followed that with emojis of a bathtub and a kissing couple. Henry then responded by sending his own emojis   three unpeeled bananas and three pairs of female lips. Lima responds with an  Lol  and three female emoji lips. Henry shoots back;  yummy woman,   make me so,  and then once again sends emojis of unpeeled bananas, this time upping the number to four.Read more: Daily Mail 
NEW YORK (Reuters) - Donald Trump’s vow to round up and deport all of America’s undocumented immigrants if he is elected president could shrink the economy by around 2 percent, according to a study to be released on Thursday by conservative think tank the American Action Forum.     The research adds to concerns about the Republican presidential nominee’s policy proposals, which range from tearing up international trade agreements to building a wall along the U.S. border with Mexico.     About 6.8 million of the more than 11 million immigrants living in the United States illegally are employed, according to government statistics. Removing them would cause a slump of $381.5 billion to $623.2 billion in private sector output, the Washington-based non-profit said in its analysis.     The study added that removing those workers could leave potentially millions of jobs unfilled due to a lack of legal workers willing to do them. Industries with the highest share of undocumented workers include farming, construction and hospitality, according to the research. “The things Donald Trump has said are utterly unworkable,” said Douglas Holtz-Eakin, the forum’s president, and the top economic adviser to Senator John McCain’s 2008 presidential campaign.     Asked about the study on Thursday, Trump said he thought the analysts misunderstood his immigration policy, adding he wanted people to come into the country if they came “through the system.” “I saw that report and they don’t even have it right,” Trump said in an interview on CNBC. “We certainly don’t want to shrink our economy.”     Trump, who effectively locked up the Republican nomination this week, has called for the deportation of anyone living in the United States illegally, arguing foreign workers hold down salaries and contribute to unemployment.     That position has drawn strong opposition from business leaders like the conservative billionaire Koch brothers as well as from human rights advocates. Trump has further angered opponents by saying Mexico was sending rapists and drug dealers to the United States, and by calling for a temporary ban on Muslims entering the country to shore up national security.      But his hard-line stance on immigration also has triggered strong support among many U.S. voters.     Some 52.6 percent of respondents to a Reuters/Ipsos poll conducted in September said they want to see most or all undocumented immigrants deported, compared with 34.6 percent who want to see most or all of them stay.     The American Action Forum analysis used data from the Bureau of Labor Statistics to estimate the value of the output from undocumented immigrants.     The study did not factor in potential impacts of mass deportations on consumption, investment and other economic factors, the group said.     The U.S. economy is projected to produce some $18.7 trillion worth of goods and services in 2016, according to the International Monetary Fund. A loss of $400 billion in output would amount to about 2 percent of that figure. 
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The United States believes progress with China on a range of trade issues has become more difficult and Beijing appears on a  trajectory of retrenchment,  a senior Trump administration official said on Tuesday. President Donald Trump will insist in upcoming talks with Chinese President Xi Jinping that more balance is needed in U.S.-Chinese trade relations, the official said, briefing reporters ahead of Trump s Nov. 3-14 Asia trip that will include a stop in Beijing. Trump s Asia tour is shaping up to be the longest by an American president in 25 years. With tensions aboil over North Korea s nuclear challenge, Trump leaves on Friday on a trip with stops in Japan, South Korea, China, Vietnam and the Philippines. While in South Korea, Trump will speak to U.S. and South Korea troops, but time constraints will preclude a stop at the demilitarized zone, the border region that separates North and South Korea, another senior official said. The official s remarks on the U.S.-Chinese trade relations could herald some friction in Trump s talks with Xi on a state visit to Beijing that comes just as Xi consolidated power in a Communist Party congress. Trump has repeatedly complained about the U.S. trade deficit with China, which was $347 billion in 2016. But he has shied away from taking major punitive trade actions against China. The official said over the long-term China must provide fair and reciprocal treatment to U.S. and international companies and stop  predatory trade and investment practice.   Progress on a range of bilateral economic issues has become increasingly difficult. We believe this reflects a slowdown and even a retrenchment in China s move toward a market-oriented economy,  the official said. On Monday, Chinese Ambassador to the United States Cui Tiankai predicted in a briefing with reporters that  there will be significant outcomes on the economic side  while Trump is in Beijing. Cui said countries cannot look simply at trade balance and imbalance because what is behind those numbers is important and  very complicated.  He called the U.S. trade deficit a  structural problem  that cannot be resolved overnight. While on his trip Trump will also hold his first face-to-face meeting with Philippines President Rodrigo Duterte on the sidelines of the Association of South East Asia Nations summit being held in Manila. Despite a history of anti-American rhetoric, one of the administration officials said Trump and Duterte have developed a  warm rapport.  
 President Trump speaking at the UNGA. (Photo: Screenshot)Robert Parry Consortium NewsIn discussing President Trump, there is always the soft prejudice of low expectations   people praise him for reading from a Teleprompter even if his words make little sense   but there is no getting around the reality that his maiden address to the United Nations General Assembly must rank as  one of the most embarrassing moments in America s relations with the global community.Trump offered a crude patchwork of propaganda and bluster, partly delivered as a campaign speech praising his own leadership   boasting about the relatively strong U.S. economy that he mostly inherited from President Obama   and partly reflecting his continued subservience to Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu.However, perhaps most importantly, Trump s speech may have extinguished any flickering hope that his presidency might achieve some valuable course corrections in how the United States deals with the world, i.e., shifting away from the disastrous war/interventionist policies of his two predecessors.Before the speech, there was at least some thinking that his visceral disdain for the neoconservatives, who mostly opposed his nomination and election, might lead him to a realization that their policies toward Iran, Iraq, Syria and elsewhere were at the core of America s repeated and costly failures in recent decades.Instead, apparently after a bracing lecture from Netanyahu on Monday, Trump bared himself in a kind of neocon Full Monte: He repeated the Israeli/neocon tripe about Iran destabilizing the Middle East when Shiite-ruled Iran actually has helped stabilize Iraq and Syria against Sunni terrorist groups and other militants supported by Saudi Arabia and   to a degree   Israel; He again denounced the Iranian nuclear agreement whose main flaw in the eyes of the Israelis and the neocons is that it disrupted their plans to bomb-bomb-bomb Iran, and he called for  regime change  in Iran, a long beloved dream of the Israelis and the neocons; He repeated the Israeli/neocon propaganda about Hezbollah as a terrorist organization when Hezbollah s real crime was driving the Israeli military out of southern Lebanon in 2000, ending an Israeli occupation that began with Israel s 1982 invasion; He praised his rush-to-judgment decision to bomb Syria last April, in line with Israeli/neocon propaganda against President Bashar al-Assad and partly out of a desire to please the same Washington establishment that is still scheming how to impeach him; He spoke with the crass hypocrisy that the neocons and many Israeli leaders have perfected, particularly his demand that  all nations   respect   the rights of every other sovereign nation    when he made clear that he, like his White House predecessors, is ready to violate the sovereignty of other nations that get in Official Washington s way.A Litany of WarsJust this century, the United States has invaded multiple nations without U.N. authorization, based on various  coalitions of the willing  and other subterfuges for wars of aggression, which the Nuremberg Tribunals deemed the  supreme international crime  and which the U.N. was specifically created to prevent.Not only did President George W. Bush invade both Afghanistan and Iraq   while also sponsoring  anti-terror  operations in many other countries   but President Barack Obama acknowledged ordering military attacks in seven countries, including against the will of sovereign states, such as Libya and Syria. Obama also supported a violent coup against the elected government of Ukraine.For his part, Trump already has shown disdain for international law by authorizing military strikes inside Yemen and Syria. In other words, if not for the fear of provoking American anger, many of the world s diplomats might have responded with a barrage of catcalls toward Trump for his blatant hypocrisy. Without doubt, the United States is the preeminent violator of sovereignty and international law in the world today, yet Trump wagged his finger at others, including Russia (over Ukraine) and China (over the South China Sea).He declared:  We must reject threats to sovereignty, from the Ukraine to the South China Sea. We must uphold respect for law, respect for borders, and respect for culture, and the peaceful engagement these allow. Then, with a seeming blindness to how much of the world sees the United States as a law onto itself, Trump added:  The scourge of our planet today is a small group of rogue regimes that violate every principle on which the United Nations is based. Of course, in the U.S. mainstream media s commentary that followed, Trump s hypocrisy went undetected. That s because across the American political/media establishment, the U.S. right to act violently around the world is simply accepted as the way things are supposed to be. International law is for the other guy; not for the  indispensible nation,  not for the  sole remaining superpower. On Bibi s LeashDespite some of his  America First  rhetoric   tossed in as red meat to his  base    Trump revealed a global outlook that differed from the Bush-Obama neoconservative/liberal-interventionist approach in words only. In substance, Trump appears to be just the latest American poodle on Bibi Netanyahu s leash.For instance, Trump bragged about attacking Syria over a dubious chemical-weapons claim while ignoring the role of the Saudi/Israeli tandem in assisting Al Qaeda and its Syrian affiliate; Trump threatened the international nuclear agreement with Iran while calling for regime change in Tehran, two of Netanyahu s top priorities; and Trump warned that he would  totally destroy North Korea  over its nuclear and missile programs while making no mention of Israel s rogue nuclear arsenal and sophisticated delivery capabilities.Ignoring Saudi Arabia s ties to terrorism, Trump touted his ludicrous summit in Riyadh in which he danced with swords and let King Salman and other corrupt Persian Gulf monarchs, who have long winked and nodded at ideological and logistical support going to Al Qaeda and other Islamic terror groups, pretend their governments were joining an anti-terror coalition.Exploding the myth that he is at least a street-smart operator who can t be easily conned, Trump added,  In Saudi Arabia early last year, I was greatly honored to address the leaders of more than 50 Arab and Muslim nations. We agreed that all responsible nations must work together to confront terrorists and the Islamist extremism that inspires them. No wonder Netanyahu seemed so pleased with Trump s speech. The Israeli prime minister could have written it himself while allowing Trump to add a few crude flourishes, like calling North Korean leader Kim Jong Un  Rocket Man   on a suicide mission ; referring to  the loser terrorists ; and declaring that many parts of the world are  going to hell. Trump also tossed in a plug for his  new strategy for victory  in Afghanistan and threw in some interventionist talk regarding the Western Hemisphere with more threats to Cuba and Venezuela about escalating sanctions and other activities to achieve more  regime change  solutions.So, what Trump made clear in his U.N. address is that his  America First  and  pro-sovereignty  rhetoric is simply cover for a set of policies that are indistinguishable from those pushed by the neocons of the Bush administration or the liberal interventionists of the Obama administration. The rationalizations may change but the endless wars and  regime change  machinations continue. Watch Trump s full speech here: *** READ MORE TRUMP NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Trump FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE   SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV
A Louisville, Kentucky Metro Corrections judge was outraged when jail officials dragged a female, African-American inmate before her. The woman was not wearing a jail jumpsuit, and appeared to not be wearing any pants, period. Speaking of those, the inmate says she was denied feminine hygiene products, as well. What the hell is going on?  a clearly exasperated Judge Amber Wolf demanded upon seeing the woman, whose attorney explained that jailers   refused to give her pants and any kind of hygiene products that she needed    specifically feminine hygiene products. This is outrageous; is this for real?  the judge asked, wondering if she was in the  Twilight Zone. This can t wait,  Wolf said as she pulled out her phone and angrily made a phone call demanding that someone come explain to her why the woman was not given pants. What the hell is going on?  Wolf said into the phone.  I m holding her here until she is dressed appropriately to go back to jail. This is outrageous.  She then demanded that court staff find  anything, I don t care what it is  that the woman could use to cover herself.Jail officials say that the woman was wearing athletic shorts, the same ones she was wearing when she was arrested three days prior, when she made her court appearance. In other words, she was forced to wear dirty clothing for multiple days in a row. This was their defense. On top of that, jail spokesman Steve Durham says that it is standard practice to put inmates through this sort of dehumanizing treatment: This is pretty standard that when individuals are arrested, they remain in the clothing that they ve been arrested in, Especially for the first 72 hours. But Metro Corrections Deputy Director Dwayne Clark, who brought the defendant pants, says that this was completely improper.   Dressed like she was, she should have been changed into a jumpsuit,  he said.  I gotta look into why she wasn t. Wolf released the woman, who was put through all this for failing to complete a diversion program after a years-old shoplifting charge, on time served with a $100 fine, saying that the jail also dropped the ball by holding her for more than  a day. This is not normal. I ve never seen this happen,  Wolf told the woman, describing her treatment as  completely inhumane. I m sorry you had to go through this,  the judge said.Watch footage of this badass in a robe standing up for someone s basic human rights below:WDRB 41 Louisville NewsFeatured image via screengrab
Again, when will conservatives learn that their hateful social media activity can cost them their employment?Because a real estate agent in Peoria, Illinois learned that the hard way this week after he viciously attacked comedian Patton Oswalt on Twitter for posting in support of former Deputy Attorney General Sally Yates after Yates was fired by Donald Trump for refusing to enforce an unconstitutional Muslim ban.Trump:  You leave this White House now!  Sally Yates rides bus to city. Becomes a taxi dancer. Leads dance revolt against pimp. Triumphs.  Patton Oswalt (@pattonoswalt) January 31, 2017Apparently, that was enough to set off Trump supporter Tony Brust, who proceeded to attack Oswalt with a series of tweets that have since been deleted. I Tweeted out a very positive, very benign Tweet in support of Sally Yates, and her risky stand on principle, which cost her her job,  Oswalt recounted on Facebook.  The realtor s response Tweet was along the lines of,  Oh, the nasty little troll has another opinion. Stick to show business and shut up.  I m paraphrasing. Another person who hates my Twitter feed s content who nevertheless follows me. I Tweeted out something in support of someone. He reacted with immediate disgust and offense. Fine, whatever. Oswalt has dealt with hateful Trump supporters before so he is used to ignoring them. Except this time, Brust decided to make things incredibly personal and actually used Oswalt s deceased wife to attack him. I m a psychic and I m channeling his wife s opinions,  Brust wrote in response to one Twitter user who asked everyone to stop having opinions.Needless to say, the remark was a deep stab to Oswalt, who was not having a good day.His wife Michelle McNamara had passed away not even a year ago and he is still dealing with the pain of his loss.As soon as Brust posted his comment he had made a serious mistake as Twitter users were quick to inform Brust s employer of how nasty he was being on social media. Not only was this Twitter exchange very public, Brust was using his professional Twitter account to do it.Would ve happily ignored Tony Brust if he hadn t sent THIS Tweet. But he did and it caught me at a dark moment: pic.twitter.com/yflAMuSAqo  Patton Oswalt (@pattonoswalt) January 31, 2017At that point, Oswalt began trolling Brust, and at some point, he noticed that Brust had removed his social media accounts. And then Oswalt discovered that Brust s employer had posted a notice on the company website making clear that they did not want to be associated with him and the nasty things he said.I saw that other people were giving him shit about the  dead wife  joke. I figured it was going to blow up in the poor slob s face without zero help from me. In the morning, his account was gone. He d closed it down (I assume). He d also closed down his Facebook profile and professional page. And then the realty company he worked for posted a message to their website about how Mr. Dead Wife Joke did NOT represent their company and that he was no longer employed by them.Indeed, the Chicago Tribune tracked down Michael Maloof, owner of the real estate agency, and learned that Brust had been fired. We were made aware that this had gone on and we parted company,  Maloof said.So here we are once again. Another Trump supporter/racist/conservative has been fired and he only has himself to blame. Rather than just simply disagree with Oswalt and move on, Brust chose to publicly harass a celebrity. He attacked Oswalt in a way that threatened the reputation of his employer. Because while businesses don t really care about the political affiliations of the employees, they definitely care about what their employers say and how they say it in public. The Internet is forever and while Brust deleted most of his tweets, he wasn t able to erase every one of them. And now he is unemployed for being a total dick.Conservatives have previously been fired for publicly attacking Michelle Obama using racist remarks, which cause all sorts of problems for businesses because business owners care about their reputation and image. How employees represent themselves can have positive or negative effects on the business.But since Donald trump took office, his supporters have been emboldened to say and do things that disgust the rest of civilized society. And they actually believe they can get away with it without consequences just because Trump has taken over the White House.As Oswalt concluded in his Facebook post, Trump supporters are wrong to think that way.The main thing that Trump supporters are excited about, now that he s president? Is that finally, at LOOOOOONG LAST, all of the awful things they want to say, that used to lose them friends and jobs and marriages? They re EXCITED about potentially getting to say them with ZERO repercussions. Just like Trump did. All the way into the White House. All the way into unlimited, forever power to spew any awful shit that comes to your head and no one dares correct you, rolls their eyes, or punches you in the nose.But I m afraid Peoria Realtor is going to be the first in a long line of Trumpers who will realize, on the other side of firings and divorces and black eyes, that Trump s Teflon Umbrella covers Trump and no one else.Featured image via YouTube
MSNBC s Chris Hayes couldn t resist trolling Trump a bit after Friday morning s insane tweet about the GOP healthcare plan. After seven horrible years of ObamaCare (skyrocketing premiums & deductibles, bad healthcare), this is finally your chance for a great plan!  Trump tweeted.After seven horrible years of ObamaCare (skyrocketing premiums & deductibles, bad healthcare), this is finally your chance for a great plan!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 24, 2017Now, everyone has figured out by now that The Donald has no idea how healthcare works at all (and, of course, that Obamacare is a boon to working Americans. But Hayes just had to do it. He asked Trump a question to which Dear Leader could not possibly know the answer. Can you tell us a little more about how community rating requirement will interact with ditching EHB requirements?  Hayes replied to Trump s tweet. Chris,  New York Times columnist Ross Douhat chided him. Can t blame a guy for trying!  Hayes replied.Naturally, other Americans showed up to mention the numerous problems with Trump s crusade against the Affordable Care Act:@realDonaldTrump what it will do is cause millions to lose their coverage  Ken Klippenstein (@kenklippenstein) March 24, 2017.@realDonaldTrump You're like if cancer were a person.  OhNoSheTwitnt (@OhNoSheTwitnt) March 24, 2017@realDonaldTrump this plan will cut taxes for the 400 richest people in America and leave the rest of us to die w/out care. It will kill us  Stefanie Iris Weiss (@EcoSexuality) March 24, 2017@realDonaldTrump *donald trump when he sees other people talking about how health care actually works* pic.twitter.com/N3yrVP2h8L  Steve Benko (@SteveBenko) March 24, 2017.@realDonaldTrump my premiums didn't skyrocket. I've had slowest & lowest increase in decades. #TrumpCare would give me NO coverage.  KMG365 (@starbucksgirl51) March 24, 2017@realDonaldTrump pic.twitter.com/3egPdz2Ekk  Pat Fuller   ?? ? (@bannerite) March 24, 2017@realDonaldTrump I have ACA. I love ACA. Stop trying to take away my ACA so you can help your rich friends.  LaurenBaratzLogsted (@LaurenBaratzL) March 24, 2017.@realDonaldTrump Day 79: Can you just say that you hate poor people instead of trying to make life miserable for them? #AskTheDrumpf  Sum Mehrnama (@VoiceOfSum) March 24, 2017@realDonaldTrump "Are you rich, white, male, and entitled? Have we got a plan for you!" #trumpcare  Lori (@njgirlinmd) March 24, 2017@realDonaldTrump This plan is shit. How about single payer, and get rid of profits on healthcare? Then we can all be healthy together!  Matt (@nocheez17) March 24, 2017The GOP healthcare plan is a disaster, but Trump believes in it so much that he threatened to leave Obamacare in place if Republicans failed to pass their monstrosity.That actually sounds like the best plan of all.Featured image via Getty Images (Alex Wong)/ screengrab
When the bombshell dossier exposing Donald Trump s shady ties to Russia became public, it was easy to question the validity of the document. Although the golden shower accusation was the least important detail of the report, it certainly caught the attention of the public and was enough to make just about anyone say no way this can be legit. But according to CNN, U.S. intelligence agencies have been investigating the dossier and the document is gaining credibility because some of the details it contains are actually checking out.CNN reports:Law enforcement and U.S. intelligence agencies are continuing their investigation, but they say the corroboration of intercepted communications gives them a  greater confidence  in the dossier s validity.Naturally, Trump s team is already screaming  fake news    again. White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer told CNN,  We continue to be disgusted by CNN s fake news reporting.  He then called back to add this:This is more fake news. It is about time CNN focused on the success the President has had bringing back jobs, protecting the nation, and strengthening relationships with Japan and other nations. The President won the election because of his vision and message for the nation.Intelligence officials emphasized that the conversations they intercepted were between foreign nationals and came from routine information gathering. They also noted that some of the communications were from people who were known to be  heavily involved  in digging up dirt on Hillary Clinton to help Trump.U.S. intelligence agencies have still not come to any final conclusions regarding whether or not Russia really has any compromising information on Trump that they can use to blackmail him. They have also not confirmed any of the more  salacious  claims made in the dossier. In other words, they still don t know if Trump paid Russian prostitutes to  drain the swamp  for him.You see more on this here, via The Young Turks:.@CNN is reporting that an investigation into the  Pee-gate  dossier is gaining credibility. pic.twitter.com/j6CEHZJktN  The Young Turks (@TheYoungTurks) February 11, 2017Featured image via Andrew Harrer   Pool/Getty Images
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The United States sought on Monday to avoid openly taking sides in an Iraqi-Kurdish dispute, as Iraq s capture of the Kurdish-held city of Kirkuk raised the risk of an open conflict between U.S. allies in the fight against Islamic State. U.S. President Donald Trump expressed disappointment the two sides were fighting.  We don t like the fact that they re clashing. We re not taking sides,  Trump told reporters at the White House.   We ve had for many years a very good relationship with the Kurds as you know and we ve also been on the side of Iraq, even though we should have never been there in the first place. We should never have been there. But we re not taking sides in that battle.  Iraqi government forces captured the major Kurdish-held oil city of Kirkuk on Monday, responding to a Kurdish referendum on independence with a bold lightning strike that transforms the balance of power in the country. A convoy of armored vehicles from Iraq s elite U.S.-trained Counter-Terrorism Force seized Kirkuk s provincial government headquarters on Monday afternoon, less than a day after the operation began, a Reuters reporter in Kirkuk said. Senator John McCain, the influential chairman of the Senate Armed Services Committee, warned Iraq s government of  severe consequences  over any further misuse of U.S.-provided weaponry against Kurdish forces. Pentagon spokesman Colonel Robert Manning declined to speculate on whether the United States might cut off military aid and training to Iraqi forces in the event a major conflict, saying:  I m not going to speculate on that but I will tell you that we re looking at all options for planning considerations ... We encourage dialogue.  
NAIROBI (Reuters) - Kenyan police fired tear gas at opposition leader Raila Odinga s car, a Reuters witness said.  Earlier, police and supporters of Odinga had fought running battles on Friday along the main road to Nairobi s international airport before Odinga landed from an overseas trip.  
STRASBOURG/BRUSSELS (Reuters) - EU lawmakers accused their own parliament on Wednesday of failing to protect staff from sexual harassment, as allegations of abuse in the wake of the Harvey Weinstein case have raised questions over standards also in Brussels  institutions. Debating an emergency motion calling on authorities to beef up rules and enforcement of gender equality laws and sanctions for abuse in workplaces across Europe, members of the European Parliament also demanded the EU legislature stop turning a blind eye to  disgusting  practices by some of their own colleagues.  Here, today, in the very heart of European democracy, we have women being molested and harassed,  Polish member Jadwiga Wisniewska told the chamber.  This is unimaginable.  This month s allegations about Hollywood producer Weinstein - who denies all accusations of non-consensual sex - has set off a wave of reflection about sexual harassment in Europe as in other parts of the world. Several MEPs held signs bearing the Twitter hashtag #metoo.  I have been sexually harassed, just like millions of other women in the European Union,  German member Terry Reintke said.  It is about time that we very clearly say that we should not be ashamed. The perpetrators should be ashamed.  In the EU institutions themselves, with an unusual mix of powerful hierarchies, politics and a culturally diverse workforce drawn from across the continent, women are accusing managers of doing too little for too long to stamp out abuse.  We ve all heard the stories and rumors going on for many years,  Britain s Margot Parker said during the debate in Strasbourg, the Brussels-based parliament s second home.  The very place that claims to legislate against this sort of disgusting behavior is turning a blind eye to its practice.  This week, Parliament President Antonio Tajani spoke of his  shock and indignation  after a Sunday Times report on more than a dozen mostly young female parliamentary aides who complained of groping, stalking and other harassment by male lawmakers. He pledged to step up existing protections to encourage people to come forward, something campaigners say is overdue.  It comes as no surprise to those of us working for years on the fight to end violence against women that sexual harassment is also widespread throughout the EU institutions,  said the European Women s Lobby, a Brussels-based, pan-European organization.  There is still inadequate means to ensure that women still feel safe enough to come forward to report incidences.  At the European Commission, the executive branch of the EU which employs 32,000 people, 55 percent of them women, measures have been in place since 2006 to prevent any form of harassment and to protect whistleblowers. Over the past five years an average of 13 complaints have been made each year, with disciplinary sanctions being imposed in about four cases each year, Commission figures show. Commenting on those figures, European Women s Lobby secretary-general Joanna Maycock, told Reuters that the number of complaints seemed  very low  for the size of the workforce. The Commission s gender equality chief, Czech Commissioner Vera Jourova, said last week that she had herself been a victim of sexual harassment in the past but saw  stigmatization  as preventing many women in Brussels from speaking up. The Weinstein affair was, she feared, the  peak of the iceberg . Jourova was speaking to Brussels  Politico news service, which has set up a confidential website that has garnered more than 30 allegations in a week, from both women and men, of offences including rape, connected to the European Parliament. 
It s a bromance for the ages. One that may go down in history. Glenn Beck, while on the campaign trail in Iowa with Ted Cruz, formally endorsed the Republican candidate. However, that s not even the half of it.For most of the day, Beck was sending out these cryptic love notes regarding his feelings towards Cruz. Even going so far as to imply that Cruz is the next George Washington. Althoug, George Washington was actually born in the United States, we can t say as much for Cruz.The tweets really need to be put into letter form, so that s exactly what I ll do for you here: This election is about more than someone who understands your anger; it is about those who can stand shoulder to shoulder with you. I used to worry folks would vote party over principle. This year is worse   it s paparazzi over principle. I need more than someone to vice my anger   I need someone to have my back. The George Washington we need will not be found in the garish light of gold. Do we really want another 8 years of a president who views his role as a Benevolent Dictator? The president does not create jobs. He helps create the conditions in which WE THE PEOPLE create jobs and change lives.I have prayed for the next George Washington   I believe I have found him. The presidency is not just a man, it is principles. That s why I stand with Ted Cruz. Our children deserve hope of a better tomorrow than our yesterdays; they deserve Ted Cruz. I am officially endorsing Ted Cruz to become the first Hispanic president!Connect with truth. Connect with freedom. Connect with Cruz.No, one man makes America great. But each of us as individuals, living our own lives, believing in our own strengths. That makes the USA great. Well, actually Beck, you ve made it pretty darn clear that you believe Ted Cruz is going to be your one and only in making the nation what you want it to be. While your passion for Cruz can be admired, your facts regarding your beloved candidate aren t quite accurate. Ted Cruz is no George Washington. Not even close. However, keep believing in your heart of hearts that Cruz is the man of your campaign dreams. If it s something you can hold close, do it. It may be all you have this election season.Here s the full series of tweets with a few jabs thrown at Trump and Hillary Clinton as well:This election is about more than someone who understands your anger; it is about those who can stand shoulder to shoulder with you.  Glenn Beck (@glennbeck) January 23, 2016It's amazing how much time this presidential candidate is spending on someone who is so "irrelevant" cc @realDonaldTrump  Glenn Beck (@glennbeck) January 23, 2016.@realDonaldTrump may not to need God s forgiveness, how about asking America s forgiveness 4 supporting trillions in Wall Street bailouts.  Glenn Beck (@glennbeck) January 23, 2016I used to worry folks would vote party over principle. This year is worse   it's paparazzi over principle. #GlennInIowa  Glenn Beck (@glennbeck) January 23, 2016I need more than someone to vice my anger   I need someone to have my back  Glenn Beck (@glennbeck) January 23, 2016The George Washington we need will not be found in the garish light of gold  Glenn Beck (@glennbeck) January 23, 2016Do we really want another 8 years of a president who views his role as a Benevolent Dictator?  Glenn Beck (@glennbeck) January 23, 2016The president does not create jobs. He helps create the conditions in which WE THE PEOPLE create jobs and change lives.  Glenn Beck (@glennbeck) January 23, 2016I have prayed for the next George Washington   I believe I have found him  Glenn Beck (@glennbeck) January 23, 2016.@HillaryClinton should be in prison  Glenn Beck (@glennbeck) January 23, 2016The presidency is not just a man, it is principles. That's why I stand with @tedcruz @SenTedCruz  Glenn Beck (@glennbeck) January 23, 2016Our children deserve hope of a better tomorrow than our yesterdays; they deserve @tedcruz  Glenn Beck (@glennbeck) January 23, 2016I am officially endorsing Ted Cruz to become the first Hispanic president! @tedcruz #iacaucus  Glenn Beck (@glennbeck) January 23, 2016Connect with truth. Connect with freedom. Connect with Cruz. @SenTedCruz @tedcruz  Glenn Beck (@glennbeck) January 23, 2016No, one man makes America gr8t. But each of us as individuals, living our own lives, believing in our own strengths. That makes the USA gr8t  Glenn Beck (@glennbeck) January 23, 2016Featured image: Twitter
DUBAI (Reuters) - Saudi Arabia embarked on an anti-corruption purge on Sunday involving the arrest of royals, ministers and investors including billionaire Alwaleed bin Talal, one of the kingdom s most prominent businessmen. Eleven princes, four ministers and tens of former ministers were detained, two senior officials told Reuters.  Prince Alwaleed is a nephew of the king and owner of investment firm Kingdom Holding Co 4280.SE. The following is a list of entities in which he has holdings either through personal investment or via Kingdom Holding: Financial Services -Banque Saudi Fransi 1050.SE: 16.19 percent -Citigroup (C.N), *ownership percentage not known Technology -Apple Inc (AAPL.O), 5 percent  -Careem -Lyft  -Motorola Solutions Inc (MSI.N) -Twitter Inc (TWTR.N): 4.9 percent Consumer and retail -EBay Inc (EBAY.O) -Fashion Village Trading Company -Jingdong (JD.com): 2.2 percent -Saks Incorporated -Savola Group Company 2050.SE Publishing -Time Warner Inc (TWX.N) -Twenty-First Century Fox Inc (FOXA.O): 4.98 percent - News Corp (NWSA.O): Prince Alwaleed previously held a small stake, according to government filings. A News Corp spokesman said the company was unaware of any current holdings Entertainment -Euro Disney Petrochemicals -National Industrialisation Company 2060.SE: 6.23 percent Aviation -Parent company of Flynas: 34.08 percent Education -Kingdom Schools Healthcare -Medical Services Projects Company Private equity -Kingdom Africa Management Hotel Real Estate -Four Seasons, George V Hotel, Paris -The Plaza, New York -Savoy Hotel, London Hotel Management Companies -Fairmont Raffles Holding International -Four Seasons Hotels and Resorts -IFA Hotels and Resorts Co (IFAH.KW) -Kingdom Hotel Investments -M venpick Hotels and Resorts  Real Estate -Ballast Nedam -Canary Wharf (Songbird Estates) -Jeddah Economic Company -Kingdom Centre -Kingdom City -Kingdom Riyadh Land Source: Kingdom Holding website, Tadawul website, Reuters, Securities and Exchange Commission filings 
It only took what 14 years for this to happen? 9-11-01 is a memory that is etched in the minds of every American. One of the most distinctive memories many of us have following the attack by Muslim extremists on our country, was the deafening silence from the huge Muslim community in Dearborn, MI.The protest against ISIS in the majority Muslim community of Dearborn, MI is a good start. Americans can t help but wonder though, why it took so long for Muslims to protest these acts of terror by Islamic extremists? Is it because they ve come to the realization that ISIS is not particularly discriminating about who they target? You can t help but notice the Muslims in this video are carrying a huge sign telling Muslims that 99.9% of ISIS victims are actually Muslims. And you certainly can t help but question where were all the protests when Al-Qaeda and other terror networks announced they were specifically targeting the West.There is no doubt there are Muslim Americans who love this country. Why wouldn t they? We offer freedom of religion, free education, housing, healthcare and food benefits. What we really need to see is that love for country extended to the love for their neighbors, for their Christian and Jewish neighbors specifically. This protest is a good start, but when Muslims make an honest attempt to assimilate in our country, instead of coming here with the intent of maintaining Sharia law and replacing our cultures and religious values with theirs. When they make an attempt to assimilate, that s when we ll know and believe they are truly interested in becoming Americans, not transplanted Muslims from overseas working to turn America into a Sharia compliant nation.
Elie Mystal, an editor and contributor to the law blog Above The Law, posted a December 7 article urging all black Americans who end up on juries to engage in  jury nullification  by automatically voting to acquit all blacks accused of crimes, especially that of murder, against white victims and to do so no matter how much evidence is brought to bear against the suspect.Mystal justified this lawlessness by claiming that  African-Americans live in a world where the police can murder us and get away with it. There is no justice for black people. And yet violently revolting against the system will get us nowhere,  he added.This, Mystal says, is reason enough to work against the legal system in all areas. Maybe it s time minorities got in the game?  Mystal added.Mystal goes on to call whites who have had a crime committed against them or who have been murdered a  purported  victim  and says blacks have no responsibility to help any white person  achieve justice.  Breitbart NewsBy the way, Elie Mystal of  Above The Law  is the same person who while told Mike Huckabee that while  climate change  is going to be incredibly expensive, You know what s going to be more expensive? retro-fitting everyone on the East Coast with gills so we can breath under-water. Here are some tweets regarding Mystal s controversial article:Black juries treating white people the way white juries treat black people = rage hate against the white race? Equality is a bitch I guess.  Elie Mystal (@ElieNYC) December 9, 2016This Twitter user pointed out to Mystal that his remarks are  incredibly dangerous :Mystal s not concerned about the law, he simply wants  justice  by any means necessary. How is this person still allowed to practice law? What's dangerous is thinking cops can murder people and get away with it, while POC wait patiently for the system to get over its issues. https://t.co/8WbVyuEH6x  Elie Mystal (@ElieNYC) December 8, 2016Here is the article Mystal posted to Twitter from his   Above the Law  (appropriately named) legal blog: Jury Nullification is a way black people can protest the justice system, and make white people notice. (by @ElieNYC)https://t.co/DJv4wn9BIK  Above the Law (@atlblog) December 7, 2016
 Join us as we walk out of our classes at 12:30 PM to show solidarity for our brothers and sisters of European descent  The Black Lives Matter movement at the University of California, Santa Barbara (UCSB) is officially being challenged by a new rival campus group, the UCSB White Student Union (WSU).In response to a series of  black-out  demonstrations last week at UCSB and college campuses nationwide calling for  solidarity with Mizzou  black students, the UCSB WSU decided to form its own antithetical  White Student Walk Out  calling for  solidarity  with white students. Join us as we walk out of our classes at 12:30 PM to show solidarity for our brothers and sisters of European descent,  the Walk Out event description reads.  We will march out (preferably chanting something inspiring on the way out) and meet outside of the UCSB MultiCultural Center where we will respectfully voice our complaints. We ask that only self-identified white students and @llies join us. A growth of students have been supporting the satirical WSU movement, as evident by the exponential growth of WSU clubs on college campuses over the past couple of days. Students are demonstrating, using parody in the form of a white student club, how divisive the black separatist movement really is.Other WSU student groups such as the University of North Texas White Student Union and the University of North Texas White Squirrel Student Union, are adding their own political satire on social media to challenge the inflammatory response received by the WSU s while black separatist groups are celebrated.As these groups have illustrated, according to leftist  logic,  any form of gathering or club is  offensive  as long as it has anything to with white students and thus WSU groups have no right to exist and deserve condemnation in the form of university mass-mails or death threats.A student organizer of the UCSB WSU Walk Out event, who asked to remain anonymous for fear of risking his or her life, told The Daily Wire that he or she hopes the  walk out will give all of those who self-identify as white (and allies) to respectfully voice their complaints to UCSB administrators. Over the past couple days, it has become evident that white identities are actively marginalized and even openly attacked on campus,  the student said.  Because of this, it is crucial for us to create a safe space on campus where peoples of European descent can celebrate their European heritage. 
Sarah Sanders announced during the White House press briefing Tuesday that President Trump would visit Mississippi this weekend. On his trip, Trump will participate in the grand opening of the Mississippi Civil Rights Museum. Sanders was asked later in the briefing if Trump s visit to the civil rights museum was a good idea. American Urban Radio reporter April Ryan asked about various members of the NAACP and black ministers who are protesting the visit. .@PressSec on @POTUS's statement regarding Charlottesville violence in August: "I think @POTUS got his statement very clear when he condemned all forms of racism, bigotry, and violence. There's no gray area there " pic.twitter.com/1OCs4W48Pq  Fox News (@FoxNews) December 5, 2017 There are comments from people from the NAACP from black ministers who are planning on protesting and boycotting this weekend for the president s visit to the Civil Rights Museum. What say you?  Ryan asked.Sanders called the planned protests to Trump s visit  sad,  saying:I think that would be honestly very sad. I think this is something that should bring the country together, to celebrate the opening of this museum and highlighting civil rights movement and the progress that we ve made and I would hope those individuals join in instead of protesting. Ryan continued her questioning, asking if Trump s statement on the riots in Charlottesville would be seen as an  insult  to those in attendance. Ryan said  They take it as an insult that he s coming. As we ve had issues of Charlottesville. The president didn t get his statement straight on Charlottesville Sanders cut Ryan off, slamming the door on the line of questioning:I think he s statement was very clear. He made it very clear. He s against violence and bigotry.After the riots in Charlottesville, Trump said:We condemn in the strongest possible terms this egregious display of hatred, bigotry and violence on many sides.VIA: DAILY CALLER 
Like moths to a lamp bam!The terror suspect who allegedly helped orchestrate the shootout at an anti-Islam event in Texas had aspirations to join Islamic State and attack the Super Bowl, authorities say.Abdul Malik Abdul Kareem, 43, was described as  off-the-charts dangerous  by officials as they outlined the evidence against him. He was arrested last week on charges related to the shootout at a Prophet Muhammad cartoon contest, which led to the deaths of two roommates from Phoenix, Arizona.An indictment filed in federal court in Phoenix says Kareem hosted the gunmen in his home from January and also provided the guns they used in the May 3 shooting in Garland.At a hearing in federal court, FBI special agent Dina McCarthy described how a witness and a confidential informant reportedly learned about Kareem s interest in the Islamic State, including watching the terror group s videos with Texas shooters Elton Simpson and Nadir Soofi.McCarthy said a 2012 investigation into Kareem determined he had a terrorism training document on his computer.She claimed he wanted to attack the Super Bowl when it was in Arizona this year   but she provided no specifics about how serious he was.The magistrate denied bail for Kareem, who is charged with conspiracy, making false statements and interstate transportation of firearms with intent to commit a felony. This is an individual who is apt to incite violence,  prosecutor Kristen Brook said.  This defendant, based on all these facts, is dangerous   he is off-the-charts dangerous. Defense lawyer Daniel Maynard called it a trumped-up case based largely on an unreliable confidential informant charged with kidnapping and sex trafficking. This is your typical jailhouse snitch,  Maynard said   adding that there was no proof Kareem purchased any of the guns used in the Texas shooting.Via: UK Daily Mail
Michigan Governor Rick Snyder stood before the state legislature and declared that the  buck stops  with him. He said that the people of Flint deserve the truth and that they will get it. Hew said he takes full responsibility and that the government had failed the people.Then he refused to resign, denying the people the basic satisfaction of seeing their grossly incompetent  leader  step down.The hope for some kind of satisfaction isn t completely gone, however, as the lawyers in a class action suit filed for the people of Flint obtained subpoenas requiring the governor, his staffers, city managers and the Department of Environmental Quality to turn over all documents, records and emails pertaining the crisis in Flint.Lawyers are looking for anything dating back to 2011 referring to three specific items: The Flint River tapped for drinking water, the quality of the water in the river or the KWA pipeline, the main transfer route at the root of the problem.The bad news didn t stop there for Governor Snyder. Michigan Attorney General Bill Schuette announced that it was assigning the former head of the FBI s Detroit field office to lead a criminal investigation. What the citizens of Flint want, desire and deserve is what laws may have been broken,  said Schuette.The controversy surrounding Flint has been treated by Republicans like a simple  oops  moment. Jeb Bush has praised the governor for his handling of the situation that has already taken at least ten lives from Legionnaire s disease while calling for the head of Hillary Clinton on a pike over Benghazi. The entire situation has highlighted just how little republicans tend to think of the people when making decisions that could save a few dollars   or earn a few more.Hopefully, Governor Snyder will have no choice when the facts are presented but to step down. The people of Flint deserve no less.Feature Image via screen capture
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. House speaker Paul Ryan said his colleagues might use the tax overhaul currently under consideration to repeal the Affordable Care Act provision that mandates individuals buy  health insurance.  “We have an active conversation with our members and a whole host of ideas on things to add to this bill,” Ryan said in an interview on Fox News Sunday. “And that’s one of the things that’s being discussed.”   
 21st Century Wire says While the US media follows the red herring of this legislative drama which is Saudi Arabia, the real point of this bill   and why President Obama is so vehemently opposing it   is going completely unnoticed. If any case was brought to court by 9/11 families to sue Saudi Arabia for  state-sponsored terror  regarding the attacks in New York City on September 11, 2001, the court would find there is no real forensic case proving Saudi involvement in this event. Other problems will crop up too. For starters, at least 7 of alleged hijackers were actually found to be alive after their faces were plastered on US TV screens after 9/11. As it stands, the US government s official story of 9/11 is so flimsy and full of holes, including the complete omission or mention of the collapse of WTC Building 7 (which was hit by nothing, and yet collapsed into its own footprint in 7 seconds) and the lack of any plane wreckage at the Pentagon (we re meant to believe that the passenger airliner evaporated into thin air on impact, and no real CCTV footage has been provided to back the government s own wild explanation). In actuality, the US government would love a dead-end lawsuit against Saudi Arabia which could only result in some out-of-court settlement anyway   because this would supply a nice diversion away from any further scrutiny of the US government s bogus explanation of what really happened that day.More to the point, however, is the real potential story here. If passed, this bill would allow a number people, particularly those in Syria, to sue the US, British, French, Dutch, Norwegian, Polish, Turkish and Saudi Arabia and Qatar too, all of who are actively involved in supplying money, equipment, arms and military training to a number of known Salafist Terrorists fighting groups in Syria.KEY POINT: Why is Obama protecting Saudi Arabia? One of Obama s top financial partners in the dirty war on Syria is Saudi Arabia, who has also paid for  off-the-books  CIA operations there. Unlike Saudi and 9/11, by definition, this is state-sponsored terrorism.The House is expected to hold a vote later this week. It could be the first override of a Presidential veto during the Obama administration . Karoun Demirjian Washington PostThe Senate on Wednesday voted to override President Obama s veto of legislation that would allow 9/11 victims  families to sue the Saudi Arabian government over its alleged support for the terrorists who carried out the attacks. The vote was 97 to 1.The House is expected to vote later in the day and if successful, it will be the first time Congress has overridden a veto during the Obama administration. Overriding a presidential veto is something we don t take lightly, but it was important in this case that the families of the victims of 9/11 be allowed to pursue justice, even if that pursuit causes some diplomatic discomforts,  Sen. Charles E. Schumer (D-N.Y.), who co-authored the bill with Sen. John Cornyn (R-Tex.), said in a statement.Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid (D-Nev.) cast the lone vote to sustain the veto after receiving a letter from Obama arguing the consequences could be  devastating,  and urging him  to vote to sustain the veto.  Reid voted against the override despite telling reporters earlier this month that  I support that legislation  and Schumer s efforts. He s always had the president s back,  said Reid spokesman Adam Jentleson.Both chambers passed the legislation without dissent earlier this year, but now several lawmakers are echoing the White House s argument that the legislation could set a dangerous precedent, inviting other nations to respond by suing American diplomats, military personnel and other officials in foreign courts.Critics of the bill are now focusing on how to scale back the measure once it becomes law. Approximately 20 senators have signed onto a letter expressing their intention to return to the issue during the lame duck if there are negative consequences once the 9/11 bill becomes law Continue this article at the Washington PostREAD MORE 911 NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire 9/11 FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE and its work by Subscribing and becoming a Member @ 21WIRE.TV
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross said on Monday he probably would not keep his holdings in a shipping company with business ties to Russian President Vladimir Putin’s inner circle and that he had fully and properly disclosed investments. Pressed on whether he would retain the interest in Navigator Holdings, Ross told Bloomberg Television: “I’ve been actually selling it anyway, but that isn’t because of this.” Ross, a billionaire investor who is helping to shape Republican President Donald Trump’s trade policy, was criticized when several media outlets reported that he had failed to disclose that one of Navigator’s clients is Russian gas and petrochemical company Sibur. Sibur’s owners include Putin’s son-in-law, Kirill Shamalov, and Gennady Timchenko, a Putin associate who is subject to U.S. Treasury sanctions. The information is based on leaked documents from offshore law firm Appleby that are part of the so-called Paradise Papers, which show details of business dealings by wealthy people and institutions ranging from Ross to Britain’s Queen Elizabeth and trading firm Glencore (GLEN.L). They were obtained by Germany’s Sueddeutsche Zeitung newspaper and shared with the International Consortium of Investigative Journalists (ICIJ) and some media outlets and published on Sunday. Reuters has not independently verified the documents. The Paradise Papers are the second release of its kind by the ICIJ, which last year published the “Panama Papers,” leaked documents from Panama law firm Mossack Fonseca that chronicled a shadowy world of offshore holdings and hidden wealth. Ross said in multiple media interviews that he had fully disclosed his stake in Navigator Holdings as part of government ethics requirements. “There was disclosure, there is no impropriety and if people draw a contrary conclusion that’s because the papers have twisted the story and made it into something that it’s not there,” Ross told the BBC. U.S. media said partnerships used by Ross have a 31 percent stake in Navigator Holdings, which was included in Ross’ 57-page public financial disclosure report filed in December, before he officially joined the Trump administration. Richard Blumenthal, a Democrat on the U.S. Senate Commerce Committee, said Ross had deceived the public as well as lawmakers who had confirmed his appointment to Trump’s Cabinet after he promised to divest holdings that posed conflicts. Blumenthal called for an investigation and hearings. “If he fails to present a clear and compelling explanation, he ought to resign,” Blumenthal told MSNBC. Senate Commerce Committee spokesman Frederick Hill said that Ross’ interest in Navigator was disclosed to the panel, but added: “The committee expects Secretary Ross will follow the advice of his department’s ethics officials should there be a determination that any holding creates a conflict of interest.” Navigator did not come up at Ross’ confirmation hearing in January, but he was asked about his decision to retain an interest in Diamond S Shipping, which operates 33 petroleum product tankers. Ross said his research showed that no ocean shipping cases had ever come before the Commerce Department. Ocean shipping is regulated by the Federal Maritime Commission, an independent agency. But asked by Democratic Senator Maria Cantwell if he would look at additional areas for possible further recusals from potential conflicts of interest, Ross replied: “I intend to be quite scrupulous about recusal in any topic where there is the slightest scintilla of a doubt.” Scrutiny of any ties between Russia and Trump administration officials has intensified with investigations into allegations by U.S. intelligence agencies that Russia interfered in the 2016 U.S. election campaign and potential collusion by the Trump campaign. The Kremlin has denied such meddling and Trump has denied any collusion.  Officials from Navigator could not be reached for comment. Appleby released a statement late on Sunday saying that the release of its documents was the result of “an illegal computer hack” and not a leak. “This was not the work of anybody who works at Appleby,” the firm with offices in Bermuda, the Cayman Islands, Hong Kong and other offshore jurisdictions said. Appleby said there was no evidence of any wrongdoing. 
(Reuters) - Voters in Maine on Tuesday approved a ballot initiative to expand the state’s Medicaid program under Obamacare, sending a clear signal of support for the federal healthcare law to lawmakers in the state and Washington D.C.   The approval of the ballot question in Maine comes after Republicans in Washington failed several times over the last few months to pass legislation that would dismantle the Affordable Care Act, former President Barack Obama’s signature healthcare law. Maine has recently figured prominently in the nation’s debate on how to reform healthcare. U.S. Senator Susan Collins, a moderate Republican from Maine, helped block her party’s efforts to repeal Obamacare this year, which angered President Donald Trump.  Maine, which becomes the first U.S. state to approve Medicaid expansion by ballot initiative, is one of 19 states that has not expanded Medicaid under the Affordable Care Act.  About 60 percent of voters in Maine approved the ballot initiative, according to the Bangor Daily News newspaper.   Tuesday’s ballot asked Maine voters to approve or reject a plan to provide healthcare coverage under Medicaid for adults under the age of 65 with incomes at or below 138 percent of the federal poverty level, which in 2017 is about $16,000 for a single person and about $22,000 for a family of two.  The state’s Republican governor, Paul LePage, staunchly opposes expansion of federal health care insurance, vetoing legislation to do so on several occasions.   “I’ve said it before, “free” is very expensive to somebody,” LePage said in a radio address last week.   About 70,000 residents in Maine would be eligible for the state’s Medicaid program when and if state officials certify the results of the election. Lawmakers could vote to repeal or alter the referendum, much like they have recently for several citizen-initiated referendums, the Bangor Daily News reported.   “It is now the responsibility and the duty of the governor and the legislature to fully and faithfully implement this law,” the state’s Speaker of the House, Sara Gideon, said in a statement.  The Legislature’s Office of Fiscal and Program Review in Maine estimated that expansion of Medicaid would cost the state about $55 million and bring in about $525 million of federal money to the state each year, according to the Bangor Daily News.  
Donald Trump rode into the presidency with all the political savvy, intellectual curiosity and diplomatic skills of a bully who s about to repeat the 5th grade. For many of his supporters, many of whom presumably were bullies who had to repeat 5th grade, that s exactly his appeal. So why should it surprise anyone that Trump has managed to offend ally after ally while in office? That s what he was elected to do.Still, nothing in Trump s first 156 (and counting) days in office seems intentional. On some level, he seems to want to be a diplomat, if for no other reason than to have a legacy, but every single time he tries, he falls flat on his corpulent face.Just last week, for example, Trump sent his son-in-law, Jared Kushner to try to negotiate peace between Israel and Palestine. It went about as well as you d imagine. Kushner, who is Orthodox Jewish ad a family friend of Israel s Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, met with Palestinian leader Mahmoud Abbas, and according to Palestinians, came armed only with a list of Israeli demands.Of course, Palestine was far from the first diplomatic blunder of the Trump administration. Here s a list of all the countries, most of whom are allies, that Trump has offended:Mexico almost didn t make this list because, well, Trump ran on a campaign of hatred for all things Mexican (except for the cheap labor that makes his cheap ties and suits). His first campaign promise was to build a wall along the Mexican border, but a feud between Trump and Mexico s President Enrique Pe a Nieto has turned into somewhat of a regular fixture in the Twitterspere.One of Trump s very first moves in office included a phone call to Australia s Prime Minister, Malcolm Turnbull. After a heated discussion about Syrian refugees, Trump hung up on the world leader.Trump s entire schtick is about creating fear in the hearts and minds of his voters, so much so that he has been known to make up events just to convince people the world is a scary place. In February, he made up a terror attack in Sweden during a rally in Florida (yes, the man who won the Electoral College in November and who has innumerable better things to do is still holding campaign style rallies throughout the country). You look at what s happening in Germany. You look at what s happening last night in Sweden. Sweden! Who would believe this? Sweden! They took in large numbers, they re having problems like they never thought possibleNothing had happened the night before in Sweden.Donald Trump has a complicated relationship with smart, powerful women   especially if they aren t leggy, blonde and share his DNA. His relationship with Germany s chancellor, Angela Merkel began badly in March, when Trump famously refused to shake her hand. That was only the beginning. Read on for more.In April, Trump hosted the Chinese President Xi Jinping for dinner at Trump s Mar-a-Lago resort in Florida. While the men were enjoying  the most beautiful piece of chocolate cake that you ve ever seen,  Trump revealed that he was lobbing missiles at Iraq Syria. While this wasn t really an insult, it did show President Xi that Trump couldn t be trusted to keep secrets. Before that, though, Trump often referred to China as a  currently manipulator  After he took office, Trump accepted a congratulatory call from Taiwan. This was a clear violation of U.S. foreign policy, Taiwan as part of China.If there is a single ally that nearly every Trump supporter can get behind, it s Israel. While Trump s relationship with Israel is not too bad, at least compared to much of the world, one of perhaps his biggest international blunders came when he traded Israeli secrets with Russians. Oh, and there was also the time Trump told Israelis, while in Israel, that he  just got back from the Middle East.  Israel, of course, is in the Middle East.Trump shoved the Prime Minister so he could get to the front of a photo op.Not satisfied with offending just one country at a time, Trump took on all the European allies by calling them NATO deadbeats. He singled out Germany by calling them  bad, very bad,  because Americans love to buy their cars. He insulted Europe in general by telling them that it s too hard to build golf courses there.For Trump, offending our neighbor to the south isn t enough. He s had a long-running feud with Canada s Prime Minister Justin Trudeau, who is Trump s political superior in nearly every way imaginable. In May, Trump referred to Trudeau as  Justin from Canada. Trump refers to Trudeau as  Justin from Canada  https://t.co/JGJDhvy6ZK pic.twitter.com/oDnGOpVwaV  The Hill (@thehill) May 28, 2017Trump has also managed to offend one of our oldest allies, England. Well, not England as a whole   its capital, London. Trump has been irrationally critical of London Mayor Sadiq Khan s handling of terror attacks in London. Khan responded by asking that Trump s upcoming state visit be cancelled.Donald Trump s retreat from the Paris Climate Accord was perhaps his most offensive diplomatic move to date. There are only two countries that did not sign on to the agreement: Syria and Nicaragua. The First because they are in the middle of a civil war and the second because the agreement doesn t go far enough. Trump did it to appease his climate denier base. The world will be a dirtier place because of it.Featured image via Pool/Getty Images
(Reuters) - A few hours after President Donald Trump said there was no chaos in the White House, the administration announced on Monday that Anthony Scaramucci was leaving his job as communications director after a little more than a week on the job. The brash Scaramucci’s brief tenure was marked by a determination to crack down on White House leaks to the media and profanity-filled comments to The New Yorker attacking then-chief of staff Reince Priebus and Trump adviser Steve Bannon. Sources familiar with the situation said Trump fired Scaramucci over the obscene tirade. “The president certainly felt that Anthony’s comments were inappropriate for a person in that position,” spokeswoman Sarah Sanders told reporters. Following is a partial list of officials who have been fired or have left the administration since Trump took office on Jan. 20, as well as people who were nominated by Trump for a position but did not take the job. * Philip Bilden - a private equity executive and former military intelligence officer picked by Trump for secretary of the Navy, withdrew from consideration in February because of government conflict-of-interest rules. * James Comey - Federal Bureau of Information director who had been leading an investigation into the Trump 2016 presidential campaign’s possible collusion with Russia to influence the election outcome, was fired by Trump in May. * James Donovan - a Goldman Sachs Group Inc banker who was nominated by Trump as deputy Treasury secretary, withdrew his name in May. * Michael Dubke - founder of Crossroads Media, resigned as White House communications director in May. * Michael Flynn - resigned in February as Trump’s national security adviser after disclosures that he had discussed U.S. sanctions on Russia with the Russian ambassador to the United States before Trump took office and misled Vice President Mike Pence about the conversations. * Mark Green - Trump’s nominee for Army secretary, who had served in the 160th Special Operations Aviation Regiment, withdrew his name from consideration in May. * Gerrit Lansing - White House chief digital officer, stepped down in February after failing to pass an FBI background check, according to Politico. * Jason Miller - communications director for Trump’s transition team who was named by the president-elect in December as White House communications director, said days later that he would not take the job. * Reince Priebus - the former chairman of the Republican National Committee was replaced by Kelly as Trump’s chief of staff on Friday. A confidant of the president said Trump had lost confidence in Priebus after major legislative items failed to pass the U.S. Congress. * Todd Ricketts - a co-owner of the Chicago Cubs baseball team and Trump’s choice for deputy secretary of commerce, withdrew from consideration in April. * Walter Shaub - the head of the U.S. Office of Government Ethics, who clashed with Trump and his administration, stepped down in July before his five-year term was to end. * Michael Short - senior White House assistant press secretary, resigned last Tuesday. * Sean Spicer - resigned as White House press secretary on July 21, ending a turbulent tenure after Trump named Scaramucci as White House communications director. * Robin Townley - an aide to the national security adviser, Flynn, was rejected in February after he was denied security clearance to serve on the National Security Council, according to Politico. * Vincent Viola - an Army veteran and a former chairman of the New York Mercantile Exchange, nominated by Trump to be secretary of the Army, withdrew his name from consideration in February. * Katie Walsh - deputy White House chief of staff, was transferred to the outside pro-Trump group America First policies in March, according to Politico. * Caroline Wiles - Trump’s director of scheduling, resigned in February after failing a background check, according to Politico. * Sally Yates - acting U.S. attorney general, was fired by Trump in January after she ordered Justice Department lawyers not to enforce Trump’s immigration ban.     
BRUSSELS (Reuters) - Spanish Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy said on Friday he would announce on Saturday measures to impose direct rule on the wealthy region of Catalonia over its bid to secede. Speaking in Brussels, Rajoy added the measures, based on a never-before-used article of Spain s 1978 constitution, would have backing from the main opposition Socialist party, and centrist group Ciudadanos.  Rajoy has called an emergency cabinet meeting for Oct. 21. 
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. State Department will allow people with valid visas into the United States, a department official said on Saturday, in order to comply with an opinion from a federal judge in Seattle barring President Donald Trump’s executive action.  “We have reversed the provisional revocation of visas,” the State Department official said in a statement. “Those individuals with visas that were not physically canceled may now travel if the visa is otherwise valid.” 
We are blessed to be joined tonight by Carryn Owens, the widow of a U.S. Navy special operator, Senior Chief William  Ryan  Owens. Ryan died as he lived: a warrior, and a hero   battling against terrorism and securing our nation. I just spoke to General  Mattis, who reconfirmed that, and I quote,  Ryan was a part of a highly successful raid that generated large amounts of vital intelligence that will lead to many more victories in the future against our enemies.  Ryan s legacy is etched into eternity. For as the Bible teaches us, there is no greater act of love than to lay down one s life for one s friends. Ryan laid down his life for his friends, for his country and for our freedom   we will never forget him.
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Barack Obama will meet the Dalai Lama at the White House on Wednesday, a move certain to anger China which considers the exiled Tibetan Buddhist spiritual leader a dangerous separatist. Obama and the Dalai Lama will meet privately at 10:15 a.m. (1415 GMT), a White House statement said. Earlier on Tuesday, China warned the United States to stick by its promises not to support any separatist activities. In an interview with Reuters on Monday, the Dalai Lama had said it was possible he would meet Obama and on Tuesday Taiwan announced that its new president would make a transit stop in the United States next week. Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Lu Kang said both issues touched on the “one China” policy, a basic diplomatic tenet referring to both Taiwan and Tibet being part of China that Beijing insists foreign governments recognize. Lu said the United States had said it opposed Taiwan’s independence and recognized that Tibet was an inseparable part of China. “We demand the U.S. government earnestly stands by its promises, conscientiously handle the relevant issue in accordance with the one China principle and not give any space to any individual or behavior which tries to create two Chinas, one China one Taiwan, or to split China,” he said. Obama met the Dalai Lama when the latter visited Washington in 2014 and angered China then when he vowed “strong support” for Tibetans’ human rights. The Dalai Lama says he wants genuine autonomy for Tibet rather than independence. He told Reuters Obama was a “a long-time friend” whom he admired for his work to normalize relations with Cuba, on Iran and for his recent visits to former U.S. foe Vietnam and the site of the Hiroshima atomic bombing in Japan.  Asked how Beijing (Peking) might respond to a meeting, the Dalai Lama said: “I don’t know - you should ask them. I think in Peking, we cannot as of now ... generalize. In Peking there are different views. Some people there have a more realistic view. Some are more hardline, which is more narrow-minded.”  Taiwan President Tsai Ing-wen will transit in Miami on her way to Panama, one of the island’s few diplomatic allies, and stop over in Los Angeles on her return, Taiwan’s deputy foreign minister, Javier Ching-shan Hou, said. China is suspicious of Tsai, who assumed office last month, as she is also head of the pro-independence Democratic Progressive Party. Travel abroad is sensitive for Taiwanese leaders who have angered China as it is seen as exerting sovereignty. Tsai’s trip will run from June 24 to July 2 and include Paraguay. 
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Former Republican presidential candidate Senator Lindsey Graham threw his support behind Senator Ted Cruz in the race for his party’s presidential nomination on Thursday, saying he thought Cruz has the best chance of stopping front-runner Donald Trump. Graham said he will headline a fundraiser in support of the Texas senator on Monday, in connection with the upcoming conference of the pro-Israel lobby AIPAC. Cruz is to address the AIPAC meeting on Monday. “If we give the banner of the Republican party to Donald Trump, we tarnish it maybe forever. That might be the end of the Republican party as I know it,” Graham told reporters at the U.S. Capitol. Graham, a U.S. senator from South Carolina who dropped out of the presidential race in December, before the nominating contests had even begun, acknowledged his former harsh criticism of Cruz, including joking about Cruz being murdered on the Senate floor. “It’s an odd alliance, but it’s an alliance I feel comfortable with given my choices,” Graham said. He said he thought Ohio Governor John Kasich would have a better chance of winning in November, but had concluded that Cruz has a better chance of stopping Trump. “I like John Kasich. I think we could nominate John and John would win the general election going away,” Graham said. 
CEDAR RAPIDS, Iowa (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump, under siege in Washington, defended his record at a raucous political rally in Iowa on Wednesday, rejecting a Russia investigation as a witch hunt and saying he was succeeding against all odds, despite no major legislative achievements. “All we do is win, win, win,” he told a cheering crowd. His first tweet on Thursday morning praised the “special people” there. A feisty Trump spoke for more than an hour at a rally in Cedar Rapids that was similar to those he held during last year’s presidential campaign. It included protesters escorted out by police, Trump attacking the news media and supporters waving signs saying “Drain the Swamp” in Washington. Trump’s first trip to Iowa since taking office on Jan. 20 came against a backdrop of problems in Washington. His legislative agenda is struggling to gain traction, a federal investigation of alleged Russian meddling into the election and possible collusion with Trump’s campaign continues, and his approval rating is below 40 percent in most polls. But Trump touted job gains and an improving stock market as evidence that his economic policies are working, and he lauded his wealthy appointees such as his top economic adviser Gary Cohn, a former Goldman Sachs executive, and Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross, a billionaire known for his investments in distressed industries. “In those particular positions, I just don’t want a poor person — does that make sense?” Trump said.     He also vowed he would eventually get funding for a border wall with Mexico, possibly with solar panels attached, despite congressional refusal thus far. “We’re thinking about building the wall as a solar wall,” he said. “Pretty good imagination, right? It’s my ideas.” Solar panels along the wall are among proposals that have been submitted by companies to the Department of Homeland Security, according to media reports. Buoyed by Republican victories in special congressional elections in Georgia and South Carolina on Tuesday, Trump blasted his opponents as “unbelievably nasty” and said cable news anchors appeared stunned by the Democratic losses. Unable to get Democrats to join Republicans in major legislative efforts, Trump said the wounding by a gunman last week of Republican Representative Steve Scalise in Alexandria, Virginia, had fostered a spirit of unity. But he did not sound optimistic about breaking through the partisan divide any time soon. Trump said he doubted he would have help from Democrats in getting major healthcare legislation through the U.S. Congress. He wants the Senate to join the House of Representatives in approving legislation soon to overhaul the signature domestic achievement of his Democratic predecessor, Barack Obama. “If we went and got the single greatest healthcare plan in the history of the world we would not get one Democrat vote because they’re obstructionists,” Trump said. Looking to foreign policy, Trump complained about the “bad hand” he had been dealt, such as North Korea’s nuclear program. His comments came days after American student Otto Warmbier died after returning in a coma from captivity in North Korea. On Tuesday, Trump had tweeted that he has basically given up on getting help from Chinese President Xi Jinping on North Korea after investing a lot of effort to coaxing Beijing to use its influence on Pyongyang. “I do like President Xi,” said Trump, who was with the new U.S. ambassador to China, former Iowa Governor Terry Branstad. “I do wish we would have a little more help on North Korea.” 
HARARE (Reuters) - A Zimbabwean court found a pastor not guilty on Wednesday of attempting to subvert the government in a case seen as a barometer of judicial independence under new President Emmerson Mnangagwa. Evan Mawarire was a strident critic of former President Robert Mugabe who resigned last week after 37 years in power week under pressure from the army and ruling ZANU-PF party. Mawarire s #ThisFlag movement last year organized the biggest protests in a decade against Mugabe over a deteriorating economy, cash shortages and accusations of government corruption. He was arrested in September and faced up to 20 years in jail if convicted. Mugabe s critics say he used the courts as a tool of repression. They want to see if Mnangagwa s government breaks with the past, particularly given that he served in Mugabe s administration since independence from Britain in 1980. Amnesty International said in a statement they hoped that the ruling represents a new beginning for the country. Mawarire said he would keep up the pressure.  If they (the new government) do to us what Robert Mugabe s government did to us, we will do the same thing to them that we have done to Robert Mugabe,  Mawarire told reporters in court room soon after High Court Judge Priscilla Chigumba s judgment.  This could be evidence of a freer Zimbabwe but this case had no legs to stand on. I think a lot more needs to be seen to determine whether this is a free judiciary going forward,  he said. Chigumba said state prosecutors failed to show evidence that Mawarire s actions were a criminal offense. She also found him not guilty of inciting people to commit public violence.  He urged passive resistance, he urged prayers for peace. How can prayers for peace be considered an unconstitutional means of removing a constitutional government?  said Chigumba. There was a sigh of relief from the handful of people in court when the ruling was made. Mnangagwa must address a crisis facing Zimbabwe s economy that includes balance of payments problems and rampant inflation and steer the country towards an election next year. Britain could take steps to stabilize Zimbabwe s currency system and extend a bridging loan to help it clear World Bank and African Development Bank arrears, but such support depends on  democratic progress , Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson said.  Those are indeed the things that we would try to do to help Zimbabwe forward, but we ve got to see how the democratic process unfolds,  he said on Wednesday on the sidelines of an African Union-EU summit in Abidjan. 
Sean Hannity threw a massive temper tantrum on Monday night in defense of Donald Trump.The Fox News host went off on a seriously delusional rant about Hillary Clinton, even referring to her as  President Clinton  on two occasions.Hannity whined about the indictments against Paul Manafort and Rick Gates, and just like Donald Trump, attempted to shift the focus from Trump s Russia collusion to Hillary Clinton. This is beyond insanity and it s inexcusable,  Hannity whined.  Hillary Clinton, Bill Clinton, the Obama Administration allowed your national security to be compromised in what is an unprecedented way and few in the media will touch this story. Major crimes were committed. They knew about it. They did nothing before the deal. Hannity is referring to the Uranium One deal the Obama Administration made with Russia back in 2010. Trump himself has been bellowing about it for quite some time now in a desperate effort to distract from his very real crimes.Basically, the deal gave a Russian company no more than a 51 percent stake in a Canadian-based mining company and ownership of  20 percent of the currently licensed uranium in-situ recovery production capacity in the U.S. This deal does not harm our national security as Hannity claims, nor did Hillary Clinton personally approve of the deal. Factcheck.org recently gave a run-down of the deal and thoroughly debunked Trump and Hannity s claims. As we ve written before, there is no evidence that donations to the Clinton Foundation from people with ties to Uranium One or Bill Clinton s speaking fee influenced Hillary Clinton s official actions,  FactCheck.org wrote.  That s still the case. In fact, not only did such a deal require approval from several federal agencies and committees, only 11 percent of overall U.S. production of uranium comes from Uranium One. And that uranium is sold to operators of commercial nuclear reactors. Basically, the uranium is being sold to us as it would have if Uranium One was not held by a Russian company. This deal was under a lot of scrutiny before it went through, and was even publicly announced. But Hannity did not utter one word about it when it happened.Of course, Hannity is still insisting that the evidence is on Trump s side despite the fact that there is a lot of evidence proving that he and Trump are full of shit and that Trump committed treason to steal an election. We are at a major crisis point in America tonight. Do we have equal justice under the law in this country today? If you or I or anybody in this room with me now or watching TV with you, if we ever did anything close to what the Clintons, the DNC, and others did, we would be rotting in a jail cell tonight hoping our friends would send us a cake that had a file. The only difference between Trump/Russia collusion is that we have the evidence, and after a year of black helicopter conspiracy theories, they have none. And just like we have the evidence, when it comes to Clinton and her email server scandal, why hasn t she been charged? Here s the video via YouTube.Hillary Clinton has not been charged because she didn t commit any crimes and there is ZERO evidence that she did. Trump, on the other hand, is about to go down for collusion.Clearly, nobody gives Trump a blowjob like Sean Hannity. And frankly, he and Fox News should be sued for slander.Featured Image: Screenshot
The Democrats in the House of Representatives last week showed a level of spine that the slimy weasel we call the Speaker of the House, Paul Ryan, will never know. They staged a sit-in, led by civil rights icon John Lewis, on the floor of the House of Representatives. Well, Ryan seems to  have gotten his cowardly boxer briefs in a twist over the fact that his pals on the other side of the aisle made a fool of him and caused him to lose control of the House chamber, and has issued a stern warning to his Democratic colleagues.Speaking with Upfront with Mike Gousha on WISN, Ryan said the following of what he would do if the Democrats dared to disrupt his ordered, delusional life as Speaker of the House by, oh, you know, standing up for what s right: We are not going to handle it the same way. We will not take this. We will not tolerate this. Ryan could have, as Speaker, had the Democrats who staged the sit-in arrested, but he chose not to do so. Because, well, he s a coward with no spine. We already knew this, though. Instead of admitting this, however, he blamed the Democrats, saying: They said they were hoping to get arrested and hauled off the floor. They told a number of my staff that and so I did get a brief heads up about it, I highly doubt they were dumb enough to tell your staff, who they knew in turn would be obligated to tell you, sir, what they were planning to do to make sure the sit-in was effective. You re just embarrassed that you lost control of the House chamber, and with good reason. You re always talking about doing the people s work in the people s house, yet you defy the gun control measures that 90+% of the American people want. You are doing the NRA s bidding, and we all know it. I hope House Democrats tell you to shove your crazy ideas up your ass where they belong, should you ever have the gall to actually confront any of them.Featured image via Win McNamee/Getty Images
It s quite hard to laugh at what Donald Trump plans to do if he becomes president, especially since he s been winning in the polls for the Republican nomination for president. However, when kids actually say some of the crazy things Trump has said he plans to do, it all becomes hilarious. In fact, these kids actually show us how ridiculous Donald Trump actually is.Jimmy Fallon compiled videos of kids imitating some of the silliest statements Trump has made during his nightmarish run for the GOP nomination and then perfectly mocks him. In one example, a girl in a New York accent hilariously said: If you don t want to build a wall, you re a loser. Vote for Trump and make America great again. Or, you re gonna be a loser. In another skit, a Trump impersonator brags about his performance in the polls, saying: I m doing so good and I m going to win and once I win, we will win so much that everyone will be sick of winning. The funny skits genuinely prove just how ridiculous Trump s statements are when put in the context of kids saying them. The hope is that Donald Trump, along with Ted Cruz, will just be a funny memory come November.Watch video here:[youtube https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JtG3h44Ls1o] Featured image via video screenshot.
Hillary Clinton today falsely called Donald Trump an  admitted sex assaulter  and compared him to disgraced alleged sex abuser Harvey Weinstein.The failed Democratic presidential candidate, who received thousands in campaign funding from Weinstein, told the BBC s Andrew Marr  we have someone admitting to being a sexual assaulter in the Oval Office. She was referring to the Access Hollywood tape leaked during the campaign where Donald Trump was heard boasting about  grabbing women by the p****y  in 2005.Mrs. Clinton is in the UK to promote her hand-wringing book about losing the presidential election.She told Marr:  I was really shocked and appalled because I ve known him through politics as many Democrats have.Team player Hillary Clinton tries to deflect attention from the millions of dollars Harvey Weinstein raised for her recent failed presidential campaign by reminding reporters that he also donated to Obama and,  for people (she forgot to mention that he ONLY funded DEMOCRAT people) who have run for office in the United States. He s been a supporter   he s been a funder for all of us, for Obama, for me, for people who have run for office in the United States.  So it was just disgusting and the stories that have come out are heartbreaking. But I think that it s important that we not just focus on him and whatever consequences flow from these stories about his behavior but that we recognize this kind of behavior cannot be tolerated anywhere, whether it s in entertainment, politics. After all, we have someone admitting to being a sexual assaulter in the Oval Office. There has to be a recognition that we must stand against this kind of action that is so sexist and misogynistic.  And asked about allegations of sexual misconduct leveled at her husband and former president, Bill Clinton, she said:  That has all been litigated. That was the subject of a huge investigation in the late 90s and there were conclusions drawn. That was clearly in the past. It is something that has to be taken seriously, for anyone not just in entertainment. The really sad part of the campaign was how this horrific tape, what he said about women in the past what he said about women during the campaign, was discounted by a lot of voters.   DMLOL! Hillary. You re the only one left standing who believes a single word that comes out of your lying mouth. 
MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russian Deputy Foreign Minister Sergei Ryabkov will meet Iranian Deputy Foreign Minister Abbas Araqchi in Moscow this week to discuss the situation around the Iran nuclear deal, the Interfax news agency quoted the Russian as saying on Tuesday.  Certainly, the focus is on the situation around the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action in the light of (U.S. President Donald) Trump s statement about his intentions ... and signals that the USA is inclined to supplement this document, to alter it or modify in a direction that suits Washington,  Ryabkov was quoted as saying. 
The Queen of the DNC is in big trouble 1000+ Berners walked out  CA is GONE  UT Gone Oregon Gone ..& more  #DNCWalkOut 1/2 empty #Demexit https://t.co/1uG9312AS6  #AllLivesMatter (@BootStrapzOrg) July 27, 2016
BRUSSELS (Reuters) - An independent Catalonia would have to apply to join the European Union, the president of the executive European Commission said on Thursday, adding that such a policy would apply to any new state. Catalonia s parliament has laid the ground for a referendum on independence from Madrid on Oct. 1, although Spain s Constitutional Court has suspended the vote. Judges are now considering whether the legislation contravenes Spain s constitution.  If there were to be a  yes  vote in favor of Catalan independence, then we will respect that opinion. But Catalonia will not be able to be an EU member state on the day after such a vote,  Commission chief Jean-Claude Juncker said on YouTube and broadcast by Euronews. Echoing a stance made by his predecessor, Jose Manuel Barroso, Juncker said any newly independent state must follow the same EU membership procedures as all aspirants, citing Scotland and, in jest, his home country, Luxembourg.  If northern Luxembourg were to cede from the south, the same rules would apply,  Juncker said.  The EU s accession negotiations are an arduous process that involve complying with all EU standards and rules and winning the consent of all EU governments. This means that Spain would be able to block Catalonia s EU accession if it wished. Croatia was the last country to join the EU, in 2013 after first applying for membership in 2003.  
The driver pushed his way through the crowd, with some of the demonstrators even riding on the hood for a distance.In his defense, he did initially pick a spot that was mostly covered by a banner to try and break through.  The genius protestors then all gathered in front of him and went for a little ride on the hood.  At one point one of the pedestrians even tried punching the driver.Apparently, the driver had a job and responsibilities to attend to, unlike his pedestrian counterparts.(Source: Gateway Pundit)
A Fayetteville woman has just learned that under North Carolina law a person can t be charged with rape even if the other person revokes consent during sex thanks to a decades-old law.In a Fayetteville Observer article published this week, 19-year-old Aaliyah Palmer says she was the victim of a sex crime in January. A man pulled her into the bathroom for sex, for which she was willing. When the sex turned violent, she told the man to stop. He didn t listen.Local ABC 8News shares that back in 1979, the North Carolina Supreme Court ruled a person can t be charged with rape if the partner initially consented to sex, but revoke consent after sexual intercourse begins. In State Vs. Way, the court determined  if the actual penetration is accomplished with the woman s consent, the accused is not guilty of rape, although he may be guilty of another crime because of his subsequent actions. It s really stupid,  Palmer said of the law.  If I tell you no and you kept going, that s rape. It s not just stupid   it s totally backward.Sonya Desai, client services coordinator with the Guilford County Family Justice Center says it best:  As far as no means no, it is an absolute. We believe it to be an absolute, so when someone says no to sex that means no. While you might be nodding your head at this simple concept, there are people that just can t wrap their heads around such a concept. How people can t wrap their heads around this is beyond me.To help, a bill in the North Carolina Senate s Rules Committee would change that old, ridiculous law. Under Senate Bill 553, sponsored by Sen. Jeff Jackson (D-Mecklenburg), anyone who failed to stop intercourse when a woman who had originally consented changed her mind, would be charged. This would give power back to women to say no at whatever point she is at and justice to prevail when the savage doesn t listen.At the moment, however, this proposed bill is currently stalled. The bill is stopped in the committee and Jackson added it will likely be dead for the rest of the legislative session. I wonder why that is. Congressmen probably don t find this bill important and/or probably don t care to change a law for the greater good.Despite this standstill, Jackson wants the law changed.Jackson says several women have consulted with him about having experiences similar to Palmer s. Legislators are hearing more and more about women who have been raped and are being denied justice because of this crazy loophole,  Jackson said.  North Carolina is the only state in U.S. where no doesn t mean no. Hopefully, we will make progress. It s just a shame that it s going to be a very slow process to get there.Featured image via Carol M. Highsmith/Buyenlarge/Getty Images
 Leading Republicans have already expressed anxieties about Tillerson, as they contend with intelligence assessments saying that Russia meddled in the U.S. presidential election to help turn the tables Trump s way.   FOX NewsThe RINOs will certainly join in with their concerns just like Marco Rubio did in a tweet: Being a  friend of Vladimir  is not an attribute I am hoping for from a #SecretaryOfState.    Sen. Marco RubioPresident-elect Donald Trump announced Tuesday that he intends to nominate ExxonMobil CEO Rex Tillerson for Secretary of State.Tillerson impressed Trump during the two meetings he had with him. Trump had high praise for the energy titan, calling him a  world class player . He s in charge of an oil company that s pretty much double the size of his next nearest competitor,  Trump told host Chris Wallace.  It s been a company that s been unbelievably managed, and to me a great advantage is he knows many of the players and he knows them well. He does massive deals in Russia, he does massive deals for the company. Not for himself, for the company. Trump pointed to Tillerson s relations with Moscow and other political hot spots as a selling point. As ExxonMobil s chief, he maintained close ties with Russia and was awarded by Russian President Vladimir Putin with the Order of Friendship in 2013, a high honor for a foreign citizen.Read more: FOX 
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump’s son-in-law, Jared Kushner, met with Special Counsel Robert Mueller’s team earlier this month as part of its Russia probe, CNN reported on Wednesday, citing two people familiar with the meeting. Former White House national security adviser Michael Flynn was the prime topic of the conversation between Kushner and Mueller’s team, CNN said, citing one of the sources. Flynn, who resigned in February after misleading Vice President Mike Pence about his conversations with a Russian diplomat, is under investigation by Mueller’s team, which is looking into possible collusion between Russia and the Trump campaign in last year’s presidential election. The nature of the questioning was principally to make sure Kushner did not have information that exonerated Flynn, CNN said, citing one source. Kushner spoke with Mueller’s team for less than 90 minutes, CNN said. “Mr. Kushner has voluntarily cooperated with all relevant inquiries and will continue to do so,” Abbe Lowell, Kushner’s lawyer, told Reuters. Lawyers for Flynn have halted communications with Trump’s legal team, a potentially critical step in Mueller’s  probe, sources familiar with the investigation said on Friday. Flynn’s lawyer, Robert Kelner, called John Dowd, Trump’s private lawyer, last week to say the matter had reached a point where the two could no longer could discuss it, two people familiar with the call told Reuters.  It was not clear whether Kelner made the call because he had negotiated a plea agreement with Mueller for Flynn to cooperate in the probe, or because Flynn had decided to engage with Mueller, said two other sources. The probe has dogged the White House since January, when U.S. intelligence agencies concluded that Russia interfered in the election to try to help Trump defeat Democrat Hillary Clinton by hacking and releasing embarrassing emails and disseminating propaganda via social media to discredit her. Russia has denied interfering in the U.S. election and Trump has said there was no collusion.  
In yet another bombshell report, Newsweek just revealed that Vladamir Putin and the Russian government are actively trying to help Donald Trump win the election because they believe he will help them weaken our NATO allies.The Republican nominee s connections to Russia have been a huge topic in the news for many months due to his compliments about Putin and the fact that some of his closest campaign allies have connections to Russia.In addition, Trump has declared that he will consider pulling United States support from NATO and even strong-armed the Republican Party to ditch a platform plank condemning Russia s aggression toward Ukraine.And Putin has rewarded Trump by directing Russian media to blare out support for him and Russian hackers have been busy hacking American computer systems in an effort to hurt the Democratic Party and Hillary Clinton.Of course, Trump has defended Russia despite the cyber-attacks being confirmed by Western intelligence agencies in the United States and Europe. Trump was even briefed about this and yet he still denies that Russia is the perpetrator.And that is leading many of our closest allies to worry about what could happen if Trump becomes president.According to Newsweek,Officials from two European countries told Newsweek that Trump s comments about Russia s hacking have alarmed several NATO partners because it suggests he either does not believe the information he receives in intelligence briefings, does not pay attention to it, does not understand it or is misleading the American public for unknown reasons. One British official said members of that government who are aware of the scope of Russia s cyberattacks both in Western Europe and America found Trump s comments  quite disturbing  because they fear that, if elected, the Republican presidential nominee would continue to ignore information gathered by intelligence services in the formulation of U.S. foreign policy.And we know Russia is backing Trump because they ended their hacking campaign when it seemed like he would be replaced as the nominee by a sane Republican, only to resume hacking on Trump s behalf when he wasn t replaced.When Trump launched into an inexplicable attack on the parents of a Muslim-American soldier who died in combat, the Kremlin assumed the Republican nominee was showing himself psychologically unfit to be president and would be forced by his party to withdraw from the race. As a result, Moscow put its hacking campaign temporarily on hold, ending the distribution of documents until Trump stabilized, both personally and in the polls, according to reports provided to Western intelligence.And the United States election is not the only one Russia has interfered with. The Kremlin also spread misinformation that helped right-wingers take control in Germany and caused the United Kingdom to vote in favor of Brexit, both of which help Russia weaken alliances.But their true target is NATO, which is what stands in the way of Russia overpowering Europe, and our allies fear that a Trump victory on November 8th would embolden Russia to do just that.Officials in Western Europe say they are dismayed that they now feel compelled to gather intelligence on a man who could be the next president of the United States, but believe they have no choice. Moscow is seen as a direct threat to their interests both in its aggressive efforts to reshape global alliances and for its power to damage Western Europe, which obtains almost 40 percent of its natural gas from Russia. Should the United States, the last remaining superpower, tilt its policies away from NATO to the benefit of Russia, the alliance between America and Western Europe could be transformed in unprecedented ways. And so, for perhaps the first time since World War II, countries in Western Europe fear that the American election, should Trump win, could trigger events that imperil their national security and do potentially irreparable harm to the alliances that have kept the continent safe for decades.Here s video of Rachel Maddow explaining how big this news is via YouTube.Oh, and one more thing. While Donald Trump and Republicans continue to whine about how Hillary Clinton used a private server, it turns out Hillary was smart to do so because the Russians hacked into the State Department email system, which means if she had used that system her emails would have been obtained by the Russian government.So Russia literally wants Trump to win so they can use him as their puppet to gain more influence in the world, which means more war, less democracy, and a United States that is weaker.That cannot be allowed to happen. Clearly, the Russians like Trump, and that should make all Americans cast their votes for Hillary Clinton.Featured Image: YouTube
Generations upon generations of incest have apparently caused the gerbils operating the brain of Alaska state Representative David Eastman to go on strike. As House Republicans are directly attacking the American people with their new  Trumpcare  plan, news broke that Eastman   a lawmaker from Wasilla, Sarah Palin s neck of th1e woods   decided to make the GOP sound even more heartless and stupid than they previously seemed.Eastman, who views the elimination of a clump of cells as  the ultimate form of child abuse,  recently tacked an anti-abortion message onto a state House resolution meant to raise awareness about sexual assault and child abuse   a message he says could not possibly be delivered without badgering people about abortion. Abortion is a very serious issue, and it needs to be talked about,  Eastman says, adding that women get pregnant just so they can get a  free trip to the city  for their glamorous abortion: We have folks who try to get pregnant in this state so that they can get a free trip to the city, and we have folks who want to carry their baby past the point of being able to have an abortion in this state so that they can have a free trip to Seattle. Medicaid can fund a woman s travel to Anchorage or Seattle if they seek an abortion. Asked for evidence that women get pregnant just to take advantage of the free travel   a nonsensical claim   Eastman said that a number of people have come to (his) office with stories, experiences.  He offered no evidence to back the claim.This isn t the first horrible thing Eastman has done or said. KTUU notes that he recently was the only person to vote against resolutions honoring black soldiers who helped build the Alaska Highway during World War II and another honoring Hmong and Lao veterans who fought for the U.S. during the Vietnam War. Those resolutions had otherwise unanimous support.It is unclear if he has f*cked himself yet, or if he still needs to do that.Watch him shame his state below:Featured image via video screenshot
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Congressional leaders are quietly working on a bipartisan deal to raise the U.S. debt ceiling within weeks, hoping to prevent the difficult debt issue from snarling a budget fight to come in September, a senior Democratic budget writer said on Friday. John Yarmuth, top Democrat on the U.S. House of Representatives Budget Committee, told Reuters there is bipartisan interest in raising the debt limit before August. “There is talk going on, there is leadership conversation about this,” said Yarmuth, who added that House Democrats do not plan to demand concessions from Republicans in exchange for supporting a debt limit increase. Unlike most countries, the U.S. government has a statutory limit on how much money it can borrow to cover the budget deficit that results from Washington spending more than it collects in taxes. Only Congress can raise that limit.  The Trump administration has warned the debt limit will need to be raised in the fall. Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin last month moved the target deadline for action to September from October, saying tax receipts are coming in slower than expected. Senate Republicans remain in contact with the administration on the issue, but don’t have further updates on their plans, a senior aide said. House Democratic leader Nancy Pelosi has said Democrats will support a “clean” debt-limit bill, free of conditions. Conservative Republicans in the House Freedom Caucus have traditionally voted against clean increases and have already indicated they would like to raise the debt limit less than requested by the Trump administration. Congress’s agenda is crowded, with healthcare legislation pending and a deal needed by late September on funding the government. Raising the debt limit adds another obligation. Over the past decade, raising the limit went from a routine job to a politically charged negotiation. In 2011, under former Democratic President Barack Obama, Republicans began demanding concessions in exchange for their votes to raise the limit. As a result, the nation twice went to the brink of busting the debt ceiling before an agreement could be reached. Yarmuth said Democrats are not opposed to attaching a debt ceiling increase to “bipartisan” legislation, but warned against adding “poison pills.”  “I don’t think our side wants to play games with this,” he said. Bipartisan discussions in the Senate on the debt limit have not begun, a leadership aide confirmed.      Senate Democratic leader Chuck Schumer told reporters earlier this week that the responsibility for raising the limit lies with Republicans and warned against tying the debt limit to deficit-creating tax cuts for the rich. 
MANILA (Reuters) - A joint session of the Philippine Congress on Wednesday approved a one-year extension of martial law on the southern island of Mindanao, backing a move by President Rodrigo Duterte to tackle Muslim extremists. Security officials had earlier told Congress militants loyal to Islamic State were regrouping and recruiting young fighters to launch attacks in the region of 22 million people, home to the country s Muslim minority. Opponents had said one year was excessive and the measure did not satisfy a constitutional requirement for a rebellion to be taking place.      
This is the best explanation of why Obama and the Democrat party are fighting so hard to keep the US State Department s Refugee Resettlement program going strong.  Please share this with everyone who s been wondering why the Democrats are so eager to bring Muslim immigrants from countries who hate us, to America, while leaving Christian refugees from the same countries behind. To hell with terrorism, the Democrats want to win even if it s at the expense of our national security Looks like my old stomping grounds in Montana are heating up. People there are not taking Obama s plan to force refugees on them lying down. There was a protest in Missoula, Montana recently over that very issue. It is just one of many battles brewing out there in small town America.Small towns in the sparsely populated parts of America are the perfect place to relocate these refugees. Especially, if your agenda includes politically terraforming the country. The West is historically conservative in their politics. Many are Republicans and Libertarians. Even the Democrats hearken back to an earlier time when they were more conservative in nature. Obama and the Democrats can t have that. They need to have an entire country willing to submit to Marxist diktats. They need areas seeded with those who will vote Democrat and ensure that they stay in power no matter what.And it s not just voting demographics that are pushing this move either. I personally believe that there is a warped logic to all of this. That if Islam can be made the predominant religion in America, people will be more easily controlled. That s insane of course and won t work, but there you have it. Instead, Shariah law will be implemented and you will see the same atrocities occurring in Europe happen here. The big difference being, that at least for now, Americans are armed and will use those weapons to protect their neighbors, loved ones and country.Of the 237 Syrian refugees admitted to the U.S. since the attacks in Paris just one has been a Christian. The rest have been Muslims.CNS News reports that according to data from the State Department Refugee Processing Center, since the November 13 attacks the U.S. has admitted 236 Sunni Muslim refugees from Syria and a single Christian   a Greek Orthodox refugee.Bringing in the refugees also moves forward the Cloward and Piven strategy to overwhelm the system so it will collapse and cause chaos in the streets. These people want to tear the system apart, so they can replace it with something truly heinous. The Obama administration will never admit that this is the plan, but can you honestly look at what is going on today and tell me it isn t? Our borders are wide open. We are not vetting anyone to speak of and security here in the US is worse than before 9/11.Communities in states such as Idaho, Montana, North Dakota and Kansas are being infused with Muslim refugees even though they are not wanted by the residents or the local law enforcement. The feds and their leaders are not giving them a choice. Wyoming is the only state currently not participating in the program, but even the governor there wants to jump in it. Living in large cities would be too costly for the refugees and more can be accomplished with seeding them across the plains. In a small town, they can turn everything to their advantage in short order. Since many of our larger cities are already flooded with immigrants from south of the border and from Muslim nations, in many respects they have at least partially fallen to the ploy already. This is the fundamental transformation of America in play. South Carolina, Idaho, Minnesota, North Dakota and Michigan are vigorously fighting against this program and Obama s  change .The same entitlements, jobs, lodging and freebies will be given to these refugees in small town America. But that will mean taking more and more away from locals in these same communities. These immigrants bring crime and disease with them. As crime rises, people will leave which will hasten the take over of these towns. At least that is what Obama and his friends hope for. I pray that people dig in and decide to stay and fight if they can.We haven t learned a damned thing from watching what is going on over in Europe. How do you justify the rapefugees in Germany and Sweden, who treat rape as game for a large number of players at a given event? How can you ignore the violence, the murders, the depravity that is the Ummah? What s wrong with these people? Do money and power mean so much to them that they don t care that they are selling America out to a hellish nightmare movement? Imagine your wives, daughters, mothers, neighbors  little children  subjected to these beasts. What would you do?For entire story: Trevor Loudon 
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis said on Friday he had not yet seen any provocative actions from Iran following President Donald Trump s speech outlining a more confrontational approach to Iran and added there had been no change in U.S. military posture so far.  Right now, we keep an eye on the potential for more provocations from the Iranians but right now we have not seen that,  Mattis told reporters on board a military plane.  With the Iranians destabilizing record from Lebanon to Syria, from Yemen to Afghanistan, of course we watch for this,  Mattis said.  Right now we are not changing our posture.   
Thanks to Obama s promise to shut down the coal industry, West Virginia comes in at #50. It s also interesting to note where Washington DC ranks in the nations best economies and why.Business Insider ranked the economies of these states, and DC s, on seven measures: unemployment rates, gross domestic product per capita, average weekly wages, and recent growth rates for non-farm payroll jobs, GDP, house prices, and wages.While they didn t factor them into the ranking, they also looked at the Fortune 1000 companies that have their headquarters in each state and which industries were disproportionately important in each state. This helped us get a little more insight into what makes each state economy tick.For more details on methodology and sources, click here.51. MississippiMississippi came in last in our ranking of state economies. Chicken, soybean, cotton, and rice farming are among the state s most disproportionately large employers.Mississippi had the lowest 2014 GDP per capita of any of the states, at just $35,019, and the lowest Q4 2014 weekly wage, at $747. The rate at which both of those measures was changing were also weak: Mississippi had the second-lowest GDP growth rate, with state GDP shrinking by 1.2%. The average weekly wage grew just 2.3% between Q4 2013 and Q4 2014.50. West VirginiaWest Virginia was one of just two states in which fewer people were working in June 2015 than in June 2015, with a drop of 1.2% in nonfarm payrolls over the year. The Appalachian state was also one of only three states where housing prices dropped between Q1 2014 and Q1 2015, and had the biggest drop in the state housing price index, falling 3.90%. One bright spot was that GDP grew by 5.1% in 2014, higher than the national rate of 2.2%.49. AlabamaAlabama s 2014 per capita GDP of $41,127 was far lower than the US per capita GDP of $54,307. GDP growth was also slower than in other states, increasing just 0.7% in 2014. Alabama s housing market remains lackluster, with housing prices rising just 1.8% between Q1 2014 and Q1 2015.48. New MexicoNew Mexico has a large mining sector: About 18,000 New Mexicans are employed in support activities for mining. The state, home to research institutions like the University of New Mexico and the Los Alamos National Laboratory, also has a disproportionately large number of people employed in science, with about 22,000 private sector physics, engineering, and biological-research employees.New Mexico s June unemployment rate of 6.4% was a bit higher than the national rate of 5.3%, and its housing market was sluggish, with home prices rising just 1.46% between Q1 2014 and Q1 2015. One bright spot is wage growth, with the weekly average wage in the state jumping 4.4% between Q4 2013 and Q4 2014.47. MissouriMissouri is home to 26 Fortune 1000 companies, including Emerson Electric, agricultural giant Monsanto, O Reilly Automotive, and Energizer.Missouri had a low rate of employment growth, with nonfarm payrolls growing just 0.8% between June 2014 and June 2015. The state was slightly below average on all our other metrics, like its 5.8% June 2015 unemployment rate, higher than the national rate of 5.3%.46. MaineShipbuilding and maintenance jobs are disproportionately common in Maine, home to Portsmouth Naval Shipyard, one of the four main shipyards used by the US Navy. The federal government employs about 4,700 workers in these industries.Maine saw low GDP growth in 2014 of only 0.2%. Maine s housing market was also slow, seeing only a 1.07% increase in housing prices. Maine s average weekly wage of $826 was also a bit lower than the national average of $1,035.45. ArkansasWhile home to corporate giants like Walmart, which sits at the very top of the Fortune 500 list, and food-processing conglomerate Tyson Foods, Arkansas  economy overall is weaker than that of most states.Arkansas  per capita GDP was $40,924, well below the US GDP per capita of $54,307. Similarly, the state s average weekly wage of $807 was quite a bit lower than the US average wage of $1,035 per week. However, the state s wage situation is improving: Wages rose by 4.5% from Q4 2013 to Q4 2014, the fifth highest wage-growth rate among the states.44. New Jersey The Garden State is home to the headquarters of several large corporations, including Johnson & Johnson, Prudential Financial, Merck, and Honeywell International. Although Atlantic City has seen better times, about 23,000 New Jerseyans are employed at casino hotels, about three times the national rate of employment in this industry.New Jersey had some rather extreme scores on our measures. While New Jersey s GDP per capita of $61,433 and average weekly wage of $1,211 were among the highest in the country, the growth rates for these two measures were far weaker: GDP grew just 0.4% in 2014, and wages rose just 2.0% between Q4 2013 and Q4 2014, much lower than the 3.5% change nationwide.43. KansasKansas  economy has huge agriculture and aerospace sectors. Among the most disproportionately common jobs in Kansas are livestock wholesalers, cattle ranchers, turkey producers, and airplane manufacturers.Kansas  over the year wage growth of 2.6% was somewhat weaker than the national rate of 3.5% between Q4 2013 and Q4 2014. Job growth was also below average, with nonfarm payrolls growing by only 0.8% between June 2014 and June 2015. Despite the slow change in employment, Kansas  June 2015 unemployment rate of 4.5% was quite a bit lower than the national 5.3% rate.42. VirginiaWith its proximity to the nation s capital and several key military installations, it s not surprising that government and military activities play a disproportionately large role in Virginia s economy. About 38,000 Virginians are employed in the shipbuilding industry, and 64,000 are employed by the federal government in national-security positions.This heavy government and defense presence also shows up in Virginia s Fortune 1000 companies: Among the big companies headquartered in Virginia are the government-backed Freddie Mac, and defense contractors General Dynamics and Northrop Grumman.Virginia s job growth was mediocre and its GDP growth was weaker than most states. Nonfarm payroll jobs increased by 1.3% between June 2014 and June 2015, and the state s GDP was flat in 2014, growing 0.0%. A more positive measure for Virginia was the state s average weekly wage of $1,057, just above the national average of $1,035.41. IllinoisSeveral iconic companies call Illinois home, like airplane builder Boeing, pharmacy giant Walgreens, insurance companies State Farm and Allstate, and the troubled burger sellers of McDonald s.While Illinois  weekly average wage of $1,089 is better than that of most other states, wage growth has been slower, with wages rising just 2.8% between Q4 2013 and Q4 2014.40. ArizonaAnchored by the metropolis of Phoenix, Arizona has a diverse economy. Among the most disproportionately large industries are mining, professional organizations, financial processing, and electronics manufacturing.Arizona s housing market is recovering well, with housing prices rising 6.03% between Q1 2014 and Q1 2015, a bit faster than the national change of 4.96%. However, the state s GDP per capita is somewhat lower than in other areas, at just $42,213, about $12,000 lower than the US per capita GDP of $54,307.39. LouisianaShipping services, sugar farming and processing, and petroleum refining and processing are three of the most disproportionately large industries in Louisiana.Louisiana s June 2015 unemployment rate of 6.4% was higher than that of most states. The state also had a below average year-over-year job growth rate, with nonfarm payrolls increasing by only 0.7% between June 2014 and June 2015.38. AlaskaMining, fishing, and seafood processing are among the most disproportionately large employers in Alaska.While Alaska s $77,477 GDP per capita was the second highest in the country, the state s GDP was one of only two that were lower in 2014 than 2013, with a 1.3% drop in economic activity over the year. The state s unemployment rate of 6.8% was the fourth highest among the states.37. MarylandLike Virginia, Maryland s proximity to Washington means a huge federal presence in the state: 15 of the 20 most over-represented industries in Maryland are federal government employers.While Maryland s $1,113 average weekly wage and $58,335 GDP per capita were both quite high, the state was one of only three to see house prices drop between Q1 2014 and Q1 2015, with the house price index dropping 0.38%. This housing market weakness along with middling scores on our other metrics kept the state from rising higher in our rankings.36. PennsylvaniaPennsylvania is home to several storied US corporations, like US Steel, Comcast, Rite Aid, and Hershey. This heritage shows up in the industries that employ a disproportionately large number of workers in the state: about 13,000 Pennsylvanians work in iron and steel mills, and about 8,000 in chocolate candy manufacturing.Pennsylvania was pretty middle of the road on most of our metrics. The state s June 2015 unemployment rate of 5.4% was just above the national rate of 5.3%, and the Q4 2014 average weekly wage of $1,013 was very close to the national average wage of $1,035.35. South CarolinaSouth Carolina has a disproportionately large manufacturing sector. Various types of fabric and textile manufacturing, tire manufacturing, and fabricated metal product manufacturing all employ a higher proportion of South Carolinians than of Americans as a whole.While South Carolina s housing market was strengthening, with a 6.46% increase in housing prices between Q1 2014 and Q1 2015, the state s unemployment rate of 6.6% was the sixth highest among the states, and its per capita GDP of just $39,380 was the third lowest.34. IndianaManufacturing is still a big part of Indiana s economy: About 21,000 Hoosiers are employed in motor vehicle power train manufacturing, another 34,000 in auto body manufacturing, and about 20,000 in iron and steel mills.Indiana was a mixed bag on our measures. GDP growth was sluggish at just 0.4% in 2014. On the other hand, average weekly wages grew 3.9% between Q4 2013 and Q4 2014, a bit higher than the national rate of 3.5%.33. Rhode IslandRhode Island s coastal location shows up in its economy, with private marinas and shipbuilders among the most disproportionately large employers in the state.Rhode Island s unemployment rate has dropped quite a bit in recent years, but at 5.9% in June, it is still above the 5.3% national rate. Rhode Island s job creation was middle of the road, with nonfarm payrolls growing by 1.2% between June 2014 and June 2015. On a brighter note, the 4.5% rate of year over year wage growth was the fifth highest among the states.32. ConnecticutGeneral Electric, No. 8 on the Fortune 500, calls Connecticut home, as do health insurance giants Aetna and Cigna. Not surprisingly, aerospace manufacture, insurance, and financial activities are among the most disproportionately large employers in the Constitution State.While Connecticut s GDP per capita of $70,353 was the sixth best in the country, and its $1,278 average weekly wage was the fourth best, the state s house price growth of 0.40% was the fourth worst.31. NevadaThe home of Las Vegas naturally has an outsize gaming sector. About 183,000 Nevadans are employed by Casino hotels, with another 10,000 employed by non-hotel casinos and other gambling establishments.Nevada found itself in the middle of the states because of a few extreme scores on our rankings. On the positive side, the state had the second-highest rate of job growth among the states, with nonfarm payrolls growing by 3.5% between June 2014 and June 2015. The state s housing market has been recovering nicely after being slammed especially hard after the collapse of the housing bubble, with housing prices rising 10.11% between Q1 2014 and Q1 2015, the second-highest jump in the country.On the negative side, Nevada s 6.9% unemployment rate is the third highest in the country, and the state s average weekly wage only grew by 1.6% between Q4 2013 and Q4 2014, the second-lowest growth rate among the states.30. OklahomaThe oil industry plays an outsize role in Oklahoma s economy. About 24,000 people work in the oil-and-gas-extraction industry, with another 37,000 in support activities for mining.Like Nevada, Oklahoma scored very well on a few of our metrics and poorly on others. On the positive side, the state s 2014 GDP growth rate was 2.8%, the ninth-best among the states, and the state unemployment rate of 4.5% was much lower than average. On the negative side, job growth was slow, with a 0.6% year-over-year growth rate in nonfarm payroll jobs.29. WisconsinWisconsin s association with cheese and other dairy products is no accident: Some 17,000 Wisconsinites are employed in dairy product manufacturing, 13,000 in dairy cattle and milk production, and another 5,000 in dairy product wholesale.Wisconsin scored close to average on most of our metrics. The state s June 2015 unemployment rate of 4.6% was quite a bit lower than the national rate of 5.3%, housing prices went up 5.09% between Q1 2014 and Q1 2015, right in line with the national change of 4.96%, and the state s Q4 2013-Q4 2014 wage growth of 3.4% was about the same as the national growth rate of 3.5%.28. MontanaMontana is a big, wide-open state, and cattle ranching is a disproportionately large industry there. Montana s 3.9% unemployment rate was the eighth best among the states, but its average weekly wage of $794 was the fourth lowest.27. KentuckyKentucky is famous for its bourbon, its horse races, and its coal. All three are disproportionately big employers in the state: About 4,000 Kentuckians work in distilleries, 1,300 in horse ranching, and 11,000 in coal mining.Kentucky fell in the middle on most of our metrics. The state saw nonfarm payroll jobs rise by 2.2% between June 2014 and June 2015, close to the national rate of 2.1%. The state s average weekly wage was a bit lower than average, however, at just $836 compared to the national average of $1,035.26. North CarolinaNorth Carolina is home to 27 Fortune 1000 companies, including Duke Energy, Lowe s, and Bank of America.Job growth was healthy in the state, with a 2.4% increase in nonfarm payrolls between June 2014 and June 2015, slightly higher than the 2.1% national growth rate. The state s 2014 GDP per capita of $48,585 was a bit below the national level of $54,307.25. OhioOhio s industrial legacy lives on. About 31,000 Ohioans are employed in motor-vehicle parts manufacturing, with another 11,000 in motor-vehicle metal stamping.Ohio s 2014 2.1% GDP growth was just below the national growth rate of 2.2%, and the state s 5.2% unemployment rate was just below the national 5.3% rate.24. HawaiiHawaii is a gorgeous state, and tourism is a big part of the economy. Hotels employ about 38,000 residents of the state, with another 7,000 employed as tour operators and in sightseeing transportation.Hawaii s unemployment rate of 4.0% was below the national rate of 5.3%, but the state s housing market was more sluggish than average, with home prices rising just 1.53%, lower than the national growth rate of 4.96%.23. DelawareDelaware has an extremely generous corporate law, and over half of US companies are legally incorporated in the state.Delaware had a high 2014 GDP/capita, at $67,075, much higher than the national GDP per capita of $54,307. However, the state s year over year wage growth of just 1.5% was the lowest among the states.22. IowaAgricultural industries are a big part of Iowa s economy. Agricultural equipment manufacturing, starch, and vegetable oil manufacturing, and breakfast-cereal manufacturing are three of the most disproportionately large industries in the state.Iowa s 3.7% unemployment rate was the fifth lowest in the country. The state s 2014 GDP growth of just 0.4% was relatively anemic, however.21. South DakotaSouth Dakota s economy still relies heavily on agriculture. Grain farming and wholesale, livestock wholesale, and cattle production all employ South Dakotans at a higher rate than Americans as a whole.While South Dakota s June 2015 unemployment rate of 3.8% was the sixth lowest in the country, the Q4 2014 average weekly wage was just $791, third lowest among the states.20. TennesseeTennessee is home to 20 members of the Fortune 1000, including shipping giant FedEx, discount retailer Dollar General, and hospital conglomerate HCA.Tennessee scored about average on many of our metrics. The state s unemployment rate of 5.7% was a bit higher than the national 5.3% rate, and the average weekly wage in the state grew by 3.5% between Q4 2013 and Q4 2014, equal to the national growth rate.19. VermontCoffee-pod conglomerate Keurig Green Mountain was founded in Vermont, where it has its headquarters.Vermont s 3.6% unemployment rate was the fourth lowest in the country, but the state s 2014 GDP growth was rather sluggish at just 0.6%.18. GeorgiaTextiles are a disproportionately large part of Georgia s economy, with carpet and rug mills, fiber and yarn mills, and fabric mills all employing Georgians at a higher rate than other Americans.Georgia s GDP grew by 2.3% in 2014, slightly higher than the 2.2% national growth rate. The state s unemployment rate of 6.1% continues to be higher than that of most other states.17. Michigan Detroit still looms large in Michigan: About 46,000 residents of Michigan work in auto and light-truck manufacturing, with tens of thousands more in related industries like metal stamping for cars and power train manufacturing.Michigan s housing market has been improving, with home prices rising 6.4% between Q1 2014 and Q1 2015, somewhat faster than the national increase of 5.0%. The state s 2.2% growth in nonfarm payrolls between June 2014 and June 2015 was right in line with the US rate of 2.1%.16. MinnesotaMinnesota is the headquarters for 25 Fortune 1000 companies, including Target, Best Buy, 2M, and General Mills. All four of those are headquartered in the Minneapolis-St. Paul region.Minnesota s 3.9% unemployment rate was the eighth lowest among the states. The state s 2014 GDP per capita of $57,943 was a little higher than the national per-person economic activity of $54,307.15. IdahoMemory and computer-chip maker Micron Technologies   recently in the news after talk of a buyout by Chinese tech giant Tsinghua Unigroup that could draw the ire of US regulators   is based in Boise, Idaho.Idaho s labor market is looking good, with an unemployment rate of just 4.0% and a 2.6% increase in nonfarm payrolls between June 2014 and June 2015. However, the state s per capita GDP of $39,127 and average weekly wage of $782 were both the second lowest among the states.14. NebraskaAgriculture and meat production are big parts of Nebraska s economy. About 26,000 Nebraskans are employed in animal slaughtering and processing, with thousands more in grain farming, cattle ranching, and agricultural-tool manufacturing.Nebraska s unemployment rate of 2.6% was the lowest in the country in June 2015. The state s average wage rose an impressive 5.2% between Q4 2013 and Q4 2014. Despite that increase, the Q4 2014 average weekly wage was just $837, quite a bit lower than the national average of $1,035.13. WyomingOil and coal mining are a big part of Wyoming s economy. About 6,500 citizens of the state work in coal mining, 4,600 in oil and gas drilling, 4,000 in oil- and gas-pipeline construction, and 14,000 in mining-support activities.Wyoming s 2014 GDP growth rate of 5.1% and per capita GDP of $75,648 were both the third highest in the country. However, Wyoming was one of just two states to have fewer people working in the state in June 2015 than in June 2014, with the number of nonfarm payroll jobs in the state dropping by 0.7%.12. FloridaWith Disney World, Sea World, and Universal Studios all located in the Sunshine State, it s not surprising that about 69,000 Floridians are employed in the amusement and theme-park industry.Florida s housing market, one of the worst hit by the collapse of the 2000s housing bubble, has been recovering nicely. House prices went up by 8.7%, the third-fastest growth rate among the states. However, Florida is kept out of the top 10 states with its below average per capita GDP of $42,222.11. CaliforniaThe nation s largest state is home to 10% of the Fortune 1000, with 101 companies on the list having their headquarters in California. These include Silicon Valley giants like Apple, HP, Google, Intel, and Oracle, Disney, and Wells Fargo.While California s 2014 GDP growth of 2.8% was the ninth highest among the states and the house price increase of 7.5% was the fifth highest, the June unemployment rate of 6.3% was the ninth highest, hurting California s overall score.10. OregonAthletic-apparel and shoe giant Nike was founded in Oregon, where it still has its headquarters.Oregon s 3.2% increase in nonfarm payroll jobs between June 2014 and June 2015 was the fifth best in the country, and its 3.6% GDP growth in 2014 was the sixth best.9. New YorkBusiness Insider s Sarah Schmalbruch recently pointed out that New York City is the greatest city in the world, and so it s no surprise that the state economy that includes the financial capital of the US and arguably the world falls in the top 10.New York had the second-highest average weekly wage in the country, at $1,321. The state s GDP per capita of $71,128 was the fifth highest. However, the June unemployment rate of 5.5% remains just above the national rate of 5.3%.8. New HampshireThe industrial legacy of New England lives on in New Hampshire. About 7,300 residents work in electronic-instrument manufacturing, 5,000 in semiconductor and electronic-component manufacturing, and 3,700 in miscellaneous fabricated-metal product manufacturing.New Hampshire s 3.8% unemployment rate was the sixth lowest among the states, and its average weekly wage grew by a very impressive 6.3% from Q4 2013 to Q4 2014, the second highest rate in the country.7. UtahUtah is home to four Fortune 1000 companies, the largest of which is the Huntsman chemical corporation.Utah s job market is booming. The number of nonfarm payrolls in the state grew by 4.3%, the fastest growth rate in the country. Meanwhile, Utah s 3.5% unemployment rate was the third lowest.6. MassachusettsWith its several colleges and universities providing a highly educated workforce, Massachusetts is a major hub of finance and high tech. Big companies like insurer Liberty Mutual, retail giant T.J. Maxx, and defense contractor Raytheon all have their headquarters in the state.Massachusetts  2014 per capita GDP of $68,185 was the seventh best among the states, and the state had the third highest Q4 2014 average weekly wage, at $1,315.5. WashingtonTen Fortune 500 companies are based in Washington, including discount retail giant Costco, ubiquitous coffee chain Starbucks, and huge tech companies Amazon and Microsoft.Washington s housing market is doing quite well: House prices rose 7.6% between Q1 2014 and Q1 2015, the fourth-highest growth rate among the states. The state s 3.5% increase in nonfarm payrolls between June 2014 and June 2015 was the third best in the country.4. TexasWhile Texas has a very diverse economy, and despite turbulence in prices in the last year, oil remains a big part of the Texas story. About 103,000 Texans are employed in the oil-and-gas-extraction industry, and tens of thousands more are in related industries, like pipeline construction, mining support activities, and petrochemical manufacturing.Texas performed very well on all seven of our measures, ranking no worse than 13th in each. Particularly impressive were the state s second best in the country 2014 GDP growth rate of 5.2% and sixth best housing price increase of 6.5%.3. District of ColumbiaUnsurprisingly, the federal government is the dominant factor in the economy of the nation s capital. About 31% of workers are employed by the federal and local governments in the district.DC is quite different from the states, and it had some extreme scores on our measures. Washington came up as high in the ranking as it did because of its absolutely stunning per capita GDP of $175,253   over three times the US per capita GDP of $54,307. Also greatly helping DC s standing was its equally impressive average weekly wage of $1,696, about $375 higher than second-place New York.On the downside, the district s 7.0% unemployment rate was the second highest in the country, and housing prices fell 0.8% between Q1 2014 and Q1 2015, a situation that happened in only two states.2. ColoradoDish Network, Western Union, and Chipotle are three of the 23 Fortune 1000 companies headquartered in Colorado.Colorado s housing market had the most improvement in the country, with house prices rising 11.2% between Q1 2014 and Q1 2015. The state s 2014 GDP growth rate of 4.7% was also very strong, and was the fifth best among the states.1. North DakotaNorth Dakota had the strongest economy in the country. The state s economy has seen a major boon from the rise of oil fracking in the last few years, and despite chaos in oil prices recently, North Dakota s economy remains robust.North Dakota s 3.1% unemployment rate was the second lowest in the country. The state also had both the highest 2014 GDP growth rate of 6.3% and the highest average wage growth rate of a whopping 7.1%.Via: Business Insider 
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The special counsel investigation of links between Russia and President Trump’s 2016 election campaign should continue without interference in 2018, despite calls from some Trump administration allies and Republican lawmakers to shut it down, a prominent Republican senator said on Sunday. Lindsey Graham, who serves on the Senate armed forces and judiciary committees, said Department of Justice Special Counsel Robert Mueller needs to carry on with his Russia investigation without political interference. “This investigation will go forward. It will be an investigation conducted without political influence,” Graham said on CBS’s Face the Nation news program. “And we all need to let Mr. Mueller do his job. I think he’s the right guy at the right time.”  The question of how Russia may have interfered in the election, and how Trump’s campaign may have had links with or co-ordinated any such effort, has loomed over the White House since Trump took office in January. It shows no sign of receding as Trump prepares for his second year in power, despite intensified rhetoric from some Trump allies in recent weeks accusing Mueller’s team of bias against the Republican president. Trump himself seemed to undercut his supporters in an interview last week with the New York Times in which he said he expected Mueller was “going to be fair.”    Russia’s role in the election and the question of possible links to the Trump campaign are the focus of multiple inquiries in Washington. Three committees of the Senate and the House of Representatives are investigating, as well as Mueller, whose team in May took over an earlier probe launched by the U.S. Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI). Several members of the Trump campaign and administration have been convicted or indicted in the investigation.  Trump and his allies deny any collusion with Russia during the campaign, and the Kremlin has denied meddling in the election. Graham said he still wants an examination of the FBI’s use of a dossier on links between Trump and Russia that was compiled by a former British spy, Christopher Steele, which prompted Trump allies and some Republicans to question Mueller’s inquiry.   On Saturday, the New York Times reported that it was not that dossier that triggered an early FBI probe, but a tip from former Trump campaign foreign policy adviser George Papadopoulos to an Australian diplomat that Russia had damaging information about former Trump rival Hillary Clinton.  “I want somebody to look at the way the Department of Justice used this dossier. It bothers me greatly the way they used it, and I want somebody to look at it,” Graham said. But he said the Russia investigation must continue. “As a matter of fact, it would hurt us if we ignored it,” he said. 
Donald Trump is no fan of CNN. He has repeatedly tried to discredit and delegitimize the network, even going so far as to call them fake news and refuse to answer a question from one of their reporters during the only press conference he has held since Inauguration Day.Well, one of CNN s best anchors, Jake Tapper, who hosts The Lead and State of the Union, stopped by the Late Show with Stephen Colbert on Wednesday night, and of course the topic of Trump came up. More specifically, the topic of CNN s relationship with Trump came up. After the niceties were exchanged Colbert started out by reading a list of insulting adjectives that Trump had used to describe the network, then went on to ask Tapper: Why are you so mean to him, Jake? If you guys just didn t fact-check him anymore, he wouldn t be saying these things about you. Tapper responded: That s a good point. Then, Colbert went on to say: What s it like in the halls over there knowing that the president actively doesn t like your network? Tapper then delivered the best   and presumably honest   zinger that would really hit home for Trump: I don t think anybody cares. Now, this is important because Trump NEEDS people to care about him, how he feels, what he says, what he thinks. As Tapper points out, it is not a reporter s job to be liked. It is a reporter s job to hold people accountable. Now that we have a president and a White House that actively lies on a routine basis to the American public, it s vital to the survival of our democracy that Tapper and those like him continue to fact-check Trump, no matter how many insane insults he throws at them.The relevant part comes a couple of minutes into the following video, but the entire interview is beyond awesome:Featured image via video screen capture
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Senate on Thursday delayed voting on a Republican tax overhaul as the bill was tripped up by problems with an amendment sought by fiscal hawks to address a large expansion of the federal budget deficit projected to result from the measure. The Senate debated the legislation late into Thursday and adjourned, putting off any votes until Friday morning. It was unclear if a decisive vote on the bill would occur then. The delay underscored nagging concerns among Republican fiscal conservatives about the deficit impact of the bill. That set up the possibility that its deep tax cuts might have to be moderated, that future tax increases might be built in, and that some conservatives might seek to attach spending cuts, all approaches that could throw up new political problems. White House legislative affairs director Marc Short told reporters in the Capitol: “I don’t think tax cuts are going to be scaled back. I think it would still be historic tax relief for corporations and for middle-income families.”  The tax bill is seen by Republicans as crucial to their prospects in the November 2018 elections, when they will fight to keep control of the Senate and the House of Representatives. Since taking office in January, President Donald Trump and  Republicans now in control of Congress have yet to pass major legislation, a fact they hope to change with their proposed tax- code overhaul, which would be the biggest since the 1980s. Democrats, expected to unanimously oppose the tax bill, have dismissed it as a giveaway to the wealthy and corporations. Republican Senator Bob Corker and others had tried to add a provision to the bill to trigger automatic future tax increases if the tax cuts in the bill did not boost the economy and generate revenues sufficient to offset the deficit expansion. But the Senate parliamentarian barred Corker’s “trigger” proposal on procedural grounds. The trigger amendment was needed to win Corker’s vote and those of others worried about the deficit - worries that intensified when congressional analysts said the bill would not boost the economy enough to offset the estimated deficit expansion, as the Trump administration had said it would. Senate Finance Committee Chairman Orrin Hatch told reporters in the Capitol that it had not been easy to accommodate Corker, Senator Jeff Flake and other fiscal hawks. “It’s been pretty hard to make them happy so far. We’re going to keep working on it ... and we’re going to do it,” Hatch said. Senate Republicans were considering making a proposed corporate income tax rate cut temporary, instead of permanent, so the rate would rise back to an unknown level after six or seven years, said one Republican senator and an aide. By that time, Trump might no longer be in office and a future Congress might change the law. When asked if the tax bill was in trouble, Republican Senator Mike Rounds told reporters: “No, I don’t think so. It’s just a matter of once again trying to make the bill work.” Optimism had reigned earlier in the day, when the bill won the backing of Republican Senator John McCain. Stocks surged on hopes that a key tax overhaul vote was imminent. The S&P 500 hit a record closing high and the Dow Jones industrial average topped the 24,000 mark for the first time. But the Joint Committee on Taxation, or JCT, a nonpartisan fiscal analysis unit of Congress, said the bill as passed earlier by the Senate Finance Committee, would generate only $407 billion in new tax revenue from increased economic growth. JCT had earlier estimated the tax bill would balloon the $20 trillion national debt by $1.4 trillion over 10 years. The new estimate, counting “dynamic” economic effects, put the deficit expansion at $1 trillion, far short of assertions by some Republicans that the tax cuts would pay for themselves. House of Representatives Democratic leader Nancy Pelosi said the new JCT estimate showed “no amount of dynamic scoring fairy dust will fix the catastrophic deficits of the GOP tax scam.” McCain, a key player in July’s collapse of a Republican effort to gut Obamacare, backed the tax bill. While “far from perfect,” the party’s 2008 presidential nominee said it would boost the economy and help all Americans. Republican Senator Susan Collins, who also played a role in the failure of the Obamacare rollback, told reporters she was still not committed to the bill. Several Republicans were withholding support while pushing for including a federal deduction for up to $10,000 in state and local property taxes and bigger tax breaks for “pass-through” companies, including small businesses. As drafted, the Senate bill would cut the U.S. corporate tax rate to 20 percent from 35 percent after a one-year delay and reduce the tax burden on businesses and individuals, while ending many tax breaks, but would still expand the deficit, Trump wants to enact tax cuts before January. The House approved its own tax bill on Nov. 16. It would have to be merged with the Senate bill, if it is approved, before any final measure could go to Trump for his signature.  Republicans have 52 votes in the 100-member Senate, giving them enough to win if they hold together. With Democrats opposed, Republicans could lose no more than two of their own votes, with Vice President Mike Pence able to break a 50-50 tie. Trump has attacked Corker and Flake on Twitter. Both senators are not seeking re-election. In early October, the president called Corker, “Liddle’ Bob Corker” in a tweet. Corker tweeted that the Trump White House was an “adult daycare center.” Days later, he called Trump a liar who had damaged U.S. standing in the world. Trump tweeted back saying Corker “couldn’t get elected dog catcher.” Trump earlier this month tweeted that Flake’s political career was ‘toast’” In a dramatic Senate speech, Flake said U.S. politics had become inured to “reckless, outrageous and undignified” behavior from the White House. 
Take note cowardly anti-American thugs, your Black Bloc brother will soon to be wearing orange for a very long time A Florida man with the radical  black bloc  protest network pleaded guilty Friday to felony rioting and assault for his role in the Inauguration Day chaos in Washington, D.C.Dane Powell, 31, of Tampa was the first to enter a guilty plea on felony charges brought against 212 protesters accused of rioting and vandalizing property during the Jan. 20 melee surrounding President Trump s swearing-in ceremony.Here s a photo of Dane Powell and friend Tracy Penokie posing for a picture that was posted on The Ybor City website on inauguration day in DC just before the activities  rioting began:Dane is seen again with a mega phone here and a  free Palestine  t-shirt with his friend Tracy:Scheduled to be sentenced July 7, he faces a possible six years in prison for breaking windows and throwing a  brick, large rock or piece of concrete  at officers after joining a mob of masked black bloc protesters who moved en masse across 16 blocks in about 30 minutes, according to the U.S. Attorney s Office.The plea was announced by U.S. Attorney for the District of Columbia Channing D. Phillips and Peter Newsham, Metropolitan Police Department acting chief.Carrying hammers, crowbars, metal poles and wooden sticks, the self-described anarchists broke windows at a dozen businesses, including Starbucks, McDonald s and Bank of America; pulled newspaper stands and trash cans into the streets; spray-painted buildings, and shattered the windows of a police cruiser and limousine.WATCH this incredible video of Blac Block and Antifa anarchists in Washington DC during President Trump s inauguration:Federal prosecutors released a superseding indictment Thursday that brought additional felony counts against some defendants, including Powell, which brought an outcry from protesters. Washington Times
UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson and Iranian Foreign Minister Javad Zarif spoke directly during talks at the United Nations on Wednesday in what a European diplomat described as a  very difficult  meeting.   Tillerson and Zarif spoke directly for a relatively long time. There was no real great surprise in the positions expressed,  the diplomat said.  The diplomat said there was unanimity that the nuclear deal was being respected, but the debate had not really focused on its implementation.   There was no real visibility on what the American decision will be in October,  the diplomat said.     
A state Republican in Georgia made an astonishingly racist set of remarks, in his defense of the South s Confederate and racist history.State Rep. Tommy Benton has flat-out denied that the Civil War had anything to do with slavery, compared the Confederate leaders to the Founding Fathers, expressed his profound displeasure with what he called  cultural cleansing  of Southern history. He insisted that the KKK was not a racist organization   but rather  a vigilante thing to help keep law and order,  claiming that made a lot of people  straighten up. Where do we even begin here? Let s start with the assertion that the Civil War had nothing to do with slavery. We can refer to the Cornerstone Speech, which was given by Vice President Alexander Stephens of the Confederacy, a few weeks before the Confederacy started the Civil War.Our new Government is founded upon exactly the opposite ideas; its foundations are laid, its cornerstone rests, upon the great truth that the negro is not equal to the white man; that slavery, subordination to the superior race, is his natural and normal condition.He suggested that the Civil War was wrong because the North didn t address the loss of what was approximately two billion dollars worth of  property  that belonged to the South. Yes, he meant that the slaves were the property of the South.Benton also is critical of African-Americans for not denouncing their own African ancestors for selling slaves.Then comes the idea of  cultural cleansing.  The offensiveness of this kind of assertion is profound. Cultural cleansing is another term for genocide, the latter of which didn t exist as a word until the Nazi s tried to cleanse Europe of people they considered to be  undesirables.  No, the removal of a Confederate flag is not equal to the gassing of the Jews in Nazi Germany.Benton expanded on the cleansing remarks by saying that the removal of things like the Confederate flag or renaming of things like streets or buildings which were named after Confederate legacy is directly equivalent to ISIS destroying cultural sites in the Middle East. That s no better than what ISIS is doing, destroying museums and monuments,  he said.  I feel very strongly about this. I think it has gone far enough. There is some idea out there that certain parts of history out there don t matter anymore and that s a bunch of bunk. No. Nobody in the South is ripping up roads or smashing buildings after executing the local population in order to  cleanse  Confederate history. We are simply asking that it not continue to be glorified as some kind of noble cause.Our founding fathers would have hated the guts of Republicans like this guy. The Founders embraced things like science. Being smart, to them, was an advantage   not a liability. The KKK was also not ever in its history a  justice movement  meant to keep the peace. Its purpose through history was to restore white supremacy and terrorize former slaves, immigrants, Catholics, Jews, and anybody promoting the civil rights of the groups that the Klan hated.Remember: Republicans keep saying that their party is the party of Civil Rights because Abraham Lincoln was one of them. I sure am glad they cleared that up. Otherwise, people like Tommy Benton would make me think the Republican party is full of racists.Watch local news coverage of an interview featuring Benton below:[youtube https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gxj8O9sL_4Y&w=560&h=315]featured image via video screen capture
ISTANBUL (Reuters) - Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan said on Wednesday he will meet Russia s President Vladimir Putin next week to discuss a plan agreed by their countries and Iran to reduce the fighting in Syria s northwestern Idlib province. The three countries agreed last week to deploy hundreds of observers around the province, which borders Turkey and is controlled by an alliance led by the Nusra Front, fighters once linked to al Qaeda.  Idlib has been set as a de-escalation zone,  Erdogan told an event in New York where he is attending the U.N. General Assembly.  Right now, outside the border there are guard towers and stations of the Russian Federation. And inside, Turkey has stations at protection points,  Erdogan said, adding the Turkish army was also working with Free Syrian Army fighters.   This will continue until peace will be established over there,  he said, without giving further details. Erdogan said he would meet Putin on Sept. 28, and Turkey s TRT broadcaster said the talks would take place in Ankara. 
MARSEILLE (Reuters) - A woman threw acid at four female American tourists at a train station in the French city of Marseille on Sunday, an attack police said they did not believe was terrorism-related. Two of the women, in their early twenties, were treated in hospital for burns to their faces, police said. The tourists were on their way from the southern city to Paris. The attacker, a woman in her 40s, was arrested at the scene. Investigators have for now ruled out a terrorist motive and said they believe the attacker may be mentally disturbed, a police official said.  
Rowan county clerk Kim Davis already had her five minutes of fame; her time is over and done with. Or is it? At, least, it was until some Republican by the name of Jim Jordan (R-Ohio) gave tickets to President Obama s last State of the Union address to the Family Research Council, who then, in turn, gave the exclusive rights to one of the tickets to Mrs. Davis.Now, unfortunately, her five minutes of fame has been extended to six minutes. Heck, we wouldn t even grant her that right if she wasn t one of the top trending topics in the internet chatter world Tuesday night. But, the reality is, she is. For some reason, people can t get enough of Kim Davis   she must have all the makings of a star.A reporter caught up with Davis after Obama concluded his last remarks for the night, and uttered just four words of what she thought about her experience: It was a speech. En exclusivit  mondiale, Kim Davis pour l'AFP. "Je voulais encourager tous les Chr tiens" pic.twitter.com/yoCzflde2m  Ivan Couronne (@ivancouronne) January 13, 2016While not the kindest reply (it certainly was much more of a speech), it also wasn t the most thought-provoking either. But, hey, what else do you expect coming from the mouth of Kim Davis? Here is a suggestion for Kim, in four words:  just do your job.In all fairness, the internet was much harsher to her than her characterization of the president s speech ever was, and it s not even close. While it s never a good thing to be mean, she must have known a good roasting was coming her way.Here are a few of the top (and funniest) comments she received on the internet after so brazenly deciding to show her face on the most important day in politics.Pic via Twitter.Pic via Twitter.Pic via Uproxx.Pic via Uproxx.Pic via Uproxx.Pic via Twitter.Pic via Twitter.What can we say? Kim keeps showing up in the limelight and we, as a people, continue taking the bait. She may not be relevant, but she sure is a target   no one can disagree with that. Her facial expressions were probably some of the most scrutinized, right up there with Speaker of the House Paul Ryan. He appeared virtually emotionless throughout the entire speech, with a few slight movements here and there. It was almost like there was an unannounced contest between him and Kim Davis on who could appear to be the least interested in whatever the president was saying. Maybe they were playing chicken with each other; we don t know. What is clear is that Kim Davis will forever be in our memories, if not in our hearts.Featured image via screen capture.
German Social Democrat leader Martin Schulz said that, if elected chancellor, he would push for the EU to cut subsidies to countries that do not take in refugees. With me as chancellor   we won t accept that solidarity as a principle is questioned,  Schulz said on Tuesday at a conference of a business lobbying group with ties to his party.On Monday, Orb n told the Hungarian parliament that his country  will not give in to blackmail from Brussels and we reject the mandatory relocation quota.  Schulz shot back swiftly at Orb n in his speech on Tuesday.His comments came as the European Commission voted to launch infringement proceedings against the Czech Republic, Poland, and Hungary for not taking in refugees under a mandatory 2015 quota system advocated by Germany that aimed to relocate 160,000 refugees across the Continent.Hungary s badass Prime Minister Viktor Orb n has consistently stood up to leftist EU bullies who are demanding that all EU nations take their  fair share  of the mass influx of mostly Muslim refugees. We shall not allow others to tell us whom we can let into our home and country, whom we can live alongside.   Prime Minister Viktor Orb nWatch Prime Minister Viktor Orb n s historic speech in March, 2016, where he demands other European leaders find their backbone and save Europe before it s too late. His speech will make you want to stand up and cheer! Mr.Orb n says  That s a German problem,  Schulz said.  Let me make this perfectly clear: When it comes to agricultural policy, it s all  Yes, please.  When it comes to subsidies, it s all  Yes, please.  And when it comes to solidarity in refugee policy, it s  No, thank you   that s not acceptable. German Social Democrat leader Martin Schulz said that, if elected chancellor, he would push for the EU to cut subsidies to countries that do not take in refugees. With me as chancellor   we won t accept that solidarity as a principle is questioned,  Schulz said on Tuesday at a conference of a business lobbying group with ties to his party.His comments came as the European Commission voted to launch infringement proceedings against the Czech Republic, Poland, and Hungary for not taking in refugees under a mandatory 2015 quota system advocated by Germany that aimed to relocate 160,000 refugees across the Continent.East European leaders, particularly Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orb n, have repeatedly railed against the EU resettlement plan.  Politico 
The stats don t lie on this one Obama s hoping to reach the low information voter who watches Letterman and will buy this bs. The stimulus under Obama gave BILLIONS for work programs and education but we still need to give more??? As a taxpaying American I am 100% FED Up! and ready for the black community to take responsibility for their towns and their youth. We DO NOT ignore pockets of poverty but I would say that we ignore the truth of what s going on in the black community and what s the real problem here. It s just like when the main stream media ignores and covers up the bad behavior of groups of black teens. We ve reported on numerous cases of this bad behavior that caused damage and physical harm to others. The latest case was ironically in Baltimore and the local press called the offenders  kids  when you can see clearly that these are teens. Downplaying and not punishing the bad behavior by these teens only makes it worse. No consequences breeds chaos President Obama said that  too often we ignore   pockets of poverty, lack of opportunity, lack of education  on Monday s  Late Show  on CBS.Obama said,  it s important that now that charges have been brought in Baltimore, that we let due process play itself out. Those officers who have been charged, they deserve, to be represented, and to let the legal system work its way through. We don t have all the facts yet, and that that s going to be presented in a court of law. I think it s also really important to remember that the overwhelming number of police officers are doing an outstanding job, we re in New York, today,   we re in New York today, where a young officer lost his life doing his job, and families of officers all across the country every day, they re wondering  is my loved one going to come home?  And so they ve got a really tough job. He continued,  what we also know, though, is that for far too long, for decades, you have a situation in which too many communities don t have a relationship of trust with the police, and if you just have a handful of police who are not doing the right thing, that makes the job tougher for all the other police officers out there. It creates an environment in the community where they feel as if, rather than being protected and served, they re the targets of arbitrary arrests or stops, and so our job has to be to rebuild trust, and we put forward a task force made up of police officers, but also young activists who have been protesting in Ferguson, or here in New York. They came up with some terrific recommendations about collecting data on what happens when there s a shooting involving police, what are we doing in terms of things like body cameras, and so there s some very practical, concrete things we can do to make the system work better. Read more: Breitbart
 Social media went crazy last night when a photo of a wrinkled and discarded American flag was posted with this caption: With many hours to go, Clinton s staff has flags ready for their election night party. 
 (Corrects this Nov. 14 to clarify details of Bolton’s recess appointment, paragraph 8.) By Warren Strobel and John Walcott WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Despite his professed opposition to the 2003 U.S. invasion of Iraq, President-elect Donald Trump is considering several of the major advocates of that war for top national security posts in his administration, according to Republican officials. Among those who could find places on Trump’s team are former top State Department official John Bolton and ex-CIA Director James Woolsey. Both men championed the Iraq invasion, which many analysts have called one of the major U.S. foreign policy debacles of modern times. Also involved in transition planning for Trump’s presidency is Frederick Fleitz, a top aide to Bolton who earlier worked at the CIA unit that validated much of the flawed intelligence on Iraq’s weapons of mass destruction programs. Although it is impossible to predict how a Trump foreign policy might evolve, one U.S. official who has served in Iraq said advocates of the 2003 invasion might be more inclined to commit additional U.S. forces to the fight against Islamic State there, despite the absence of a status of forces agreement that protects Americans from Iraqi legal action. Paul Pillar, the top U.S. intelligence official for the Near East from 2000 to 2005, said that because Trump had little foreign policy experience and had given conflicting accounts of what policies he would pursue, the Republican president-elect’s senior personnel appointments would be crucial. “What we’re seeing going on - and we should be worried about it - is a new president who on so many foreign policy issues has been all over the map,” said Pillar, now at Georgetown University. “Thus, the senior appointments game that we go through every four years has more consequences than it usually does.”   Bolton, who is under consideration as Trump’s secretary of state, the officials said, and Woolsey, reported to be in the running for U.S. director of national intelligence, did not respond to requests for comment. The Trump transition team also did not immediately respond when asked for comment.Even if Bolton is nominated, Senate confirmation is not a foregone conclusion. In 2005, Senate Democrats - with the support of a single Republican – blocked a vote to confirm him as U.S. ambassador to the United Nations. He was appointed to that post by Republican President George W. Bush while the Senate was in recess. Fleitz, in a brief phone conversation, confirmed he was involved in Trump’s transition effort, but declined further comment.  A return to power for the three officials would represent a change of fortune for them and other “neoconservatives” who provided the intellectual backing for the invasion of Iraq. During the presidential campaign, some leading neoconservatives and Republican foreign policy veterans opposed Trump, saying he was unfit to lead. The group saw its clout wane in Bush’s second term, as U.S. troops in Iraq found themselves mired in a sectarian civil war, and has watched from the sidelines during Democratic President Barack Obama’s eight years in power. Trump, who takes office on Jan. 20, has said he opposed the invasion of Iraq, in which more than 4,000 U.S. troops and hundreds of thousands of Iraqis died, and which led to the creation of al Qaeda in Iraq, the forerunner to the violent, ultra-hardline Islamic State group. Iraqi dictator Saddam Hussein’s weapons of mass destruction and ties to al Qaeda, used to justify the invasion, proved to be nonexistent.  “As you know, for years I’ve been saying: ‘Don’t go into Iraq.’ They went into Iraq. They destabilized the Middle East. It was a big mistake,” Trump said in August 2015 on NBC’s “Meet the Press” program. His account that he always opposed the war was challenged during the campaign by Democratic rival Hillary Clinton, who cited a 2002 interview Trump gave to radio host Howard Stern in which he replied: “Yeah I guess so” when asked if he supported invading Iraq. Consideration of Bolton, Woolsey and others is “another demonstration of how those who supported one of the biggest mistakes in American foreign policy have not been - they don’t seem to be sufficiently discredited to be removed from the Washington foreign policy dialogue,” Pillar said. 
LONDON (Reuters) - British Prime Minister Theresa May said on Friday she would stay on as leader to provide stability after a former chairman of her  Conservative Party said he had garnered the support of 30 lawmakers who wanted her to quit. May is trying to face down a rebellion by some of her own lawmakers just as Britain enters a crucial stage in Brexit talks, 18 months before the country leaves the European Union and must redefine its place in the world. Some Conservative plotters say her authority is shattered beyond repair after a disastrous speech at her party s conference, which comes after she called a snap election and lost her party its majority in parliament. Speaking from her parliamentary constituency of Maidenhead in southern England, May said in a televised statement:  What the country needs is calm leadership and that s what I m providing with the full support of my cabinet.  Senior ministers rallied around May, who has just over a year to agree a divorce deal with the EU ahead of Britain s exit in March 2019. May said she planned to hold a scheduled meeting about Brexit with business leaders on Monday in Downing Street. But former party chairman Grant Shapps told BBC radio:  I think she should call a leadership election.  After May s bungled election, her failure to unite the cabinet and a poor party conference  the writing is on the wall,  he said. May s authority was already diminished by her decision to call a snap election in June that lost her party its majority in parliament days before Brexit talks opened. Though no Conservative ministers have publicly indicated any support for the plot, such a blunt demand for May to quit indicates the extent of her weakness while she attempts to navigate the intricacies of the negotiations to leave the EU. Her survival has so far been dependent on the absence of an obvious successor who could unite the party and the fear of an election that many Conservatives think would let opposition Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn into power. Sterling fell earlier in the day but then rallied by around a quarter of a cent against the U.S. dollar following May s remarks. It later fell after U.S. payrolls data was released. May s speech to activists on Wednesday was ruined by coughing fits, a comedian handing her a bogus employment termination notice and by letters falling off the slogans on the set behind her. She had hoped to use the speech to her party in the northern English city of Manchester to revive her premiership.  Look, I ve had a cold all this week,  May said, adding that she would be updating lawmakers next week on her Brexit plans and introducing a draft bill to cap domestic energy prices. Shapps, who chaired the party between 2012 and 2015, said the plot to remove her existed before this week s party conference and included both supporters and opponents of Brexit. He said the group did not have a unified view on who should replace May. However, grassroots Conservative members did not share his desire for a change in leadership, said James Pearson, Vice President of the National Conservative Convention which represents the party s voluntary wing.  I don t think there s much support in the Conservative Party for Grant Shapps. I don t see this as anything that s really serious to be honest,  Pearson told Reuters.   The general feeling is we don t have the time or the appetite for a lengthy leadership election, nor do we actually want it,  Pearson, who sits on the Conservatives  Board, the party s ultimate decision-making body, added.     To trigger a formal leadership challenge, 48 Conservative lawmakers need to write to the chairman of the party s so-called 1922 committee.  Number 10 must be delighted to learn that it s Grant Shapps leading this alleged coup,  Charles Walker, vice-chairman of the 1922 committee, told BBC radio.  Grant has many talents, but one thing he doesn t have is a following in the party, so really I think this is now just going to fizzle out to be perfectly honest.  If May stays, talks on leaving the European Union will be guided by one of the weakest leaders in recent British history. EU diplomats and officials expressed astonishment about the uncertainty in London.  Supporters, including her most senior ministers, said she should remain in charge to deliver Brexit.     Under the headline  Theresa May will stay as Prime Minister and get the job done,  interior minister Amber Rudd wrote in The Telegraph newspaper that  she should stay . May s de facto deputy Damian Green said she would carry on. Environment Secretary Michael Gove also said he hoped she would continue.  I know that she is as determined as ever to get on with the job, she sees it as her duty to do so and she will carry on and she will make a success of this government,  Green, the first secretary of state, told BBC television. Many Conservative activists fear a leadership contest would exacerbate the divide in the party over Europe, an issue that helped sink the previous three Conservative prime ministers - David Cameron, John Major and Margaret Thatcher. A leadership contest could also pave the way for an election that some Conservatives worry could be won by Corbyn, whom they cast as a Marxist who would reverse decades of free market policies.  The Conservatives have no plan for Britain and their posturing will not deliver the change our country is crying out for,  Corbyn said on Friday. 
Ah, the ultimate Trump fangirl, with the exception of Sarah Palin (gag). Both of them are enamored of Trump, and it s not hard to believe that they might even think they re in love with him. Palin s just an idiot about it, though. Ann Coulter, though? She s a very cunning racist closed-mind who wants Trump to win so badly that she would make voting rights for every group of people here disappear entirely. Except her own, of course. Maybe.Last night s tweet about it was probably one of the most egregious of ideas for how to ensure that we crown King Trump:If only people with at least 4 grandparents born in America were voting, Trump would win in a 50-state landslide.  Ann Coulter (@AnnCoulter) November 8, 2016HAHAHAHAHAHAHA! The funny thing is that if we went by that standard, Trump s own kids couldn t vote for him. Trump himself couldn t even vote   all his grandparents came from Europe, as did his mother, which excludes Tiffany. So even his grandkids, if they were of age, couldn t vote for him.And then there s Melania, who worked in this country illegally. For all we know, she stole a modeling job from an American model who badly needed the work. Going by Coulter s logic, she shouldn t be allowed to cast a vote for her husband. But then again, Trump s logic about immigrants would send Melania back to Slovenia, since there s a chance she stole a job from a hardworking American.Then there are all the people with four grandparents that were born here who still think Trump is a racist prick and would never vote for him. My family history here goes all the way back to before we were even a country. In fact, my family was here almost 150 years before the Declaration of Independence was signed. Plenty of others like me feel the same, but of course a racist like Coulter didn t think of that.Actually, it s very likely that all she thought of was eliminating the Latino vote, because many Latinos are first- or second-generation, and tend to vote Democratic. She didn t think of all the members of  her kind  who are likewise first- and second-generation, who couldn t vote at all if her idea became law.And what of her own family history? She considers herself, and her family,  settlers  rather than  immigrants  (they were immigrants). She would qualify to vote under her idea, so of course most other white conservatives would. She didn t think this through at all. Or maybe she did, but she s so ignorant about the makeup of this country that she has no idea what she just said. She s gone from being an annoyance to being one hell of a joke.Featured image by Chip Somodevilla via Getty Images
The Whiner-in-Chief humiliated himself again.Trump hates the free press, which is why he is threatening to destroy the First Amendment as soon as he gets in office. He has accused the media of creating false stories about him even though all the stories he has been whining about are factually correct. Trump just hates reports that tell the ugly truth about him.In the weeks since winning the election, Trump has told lie after lie on Twitter, the biggest of which was that 3 million people voted illegally, a claim that has been thoroughly debunked.On Monday, Trump literally offered the media a deal. He says he will stop tweeting so much as long as the media kisses his ass. In other words, only print stories that make him look good, which is the way dictators use the press.If the press would cover me accurately & honorably, I would have far less reason to  tweet.  Sadly, I don t know if that will ever happen!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) December 5, 2016This is nothing more than a scam by Trump to get the media not to cover up his screw-ups and terrible behavior. And Twitter users were quick to wreck him for it.@realDonaldTrump If you were doing your job and not wasting time tweeting nonsense, they d have something positive to cover, Donny.  Josh S nchez (@jnsanchez) December 5, 2016.@realDonaldTrump If by  honorably  you mean  high moral standards,  I think that s exactly what the press does, and why you don t like it.  Simon Hedlin (@simonhedlin) December 5, 2016@realDonaldTrump The press is covering you just as you are: a pathetic, spoiled baby who has zero respect among anyone of brains & decency.  Tony Case (@tonythecase) December 5, 2016.@realDonaldTrump just shut up and run the country. you bitch like a private school kid w too much money & no friends.man up mr president  Emperor Persad ?? (@mrmichaelpersad) December 5, 2016@realDonaldTrump Don t blame  the press  for your incompetence.It s not that you tweet; it s that you tweet demonstrably false propaganda.  David G. McAfee (@DavidGMcAfee) December 5, 2016@realDonaldTrump You whine more than my two year old cousin. You re humiliating our country.  Molly Knight (@molly_knight) December 5, 2016@realDonaldTrump you are pathetic and small. You are going to put the country in danger over your ego  Rob Stevenson (@ArtDamagedOne) December 5, 2016@realDonaldTrump from what I see, the press covers you by your own words and actions. Maybe you should look at the man in the mirror.  Rahul Sood (@rahulsood) December 5, 2016@realDonaldTrump Maybe pay less attention to satire and more attention to The Office of President of The United States.  ?Preet Banerjee (@preetbanerjee) December 5, 2016.@realDonaldTrump GET OVER IT AND GROW UP. You are very insecure. This isn t a TV show. #smh  David Sugarman (@SugarmanSpeaks) December 5, 2016Indeed, it s time for Donald Trump to grow a pair and start taking the presidency seriously. We have freedom of the press in this country and he is going to be criticized. If President Obama had tried to shut down the free press, conservatives would have thrown a hissy fit.Featured Image: Mark Wilson/Getty Images
President Trump visited Michigan to promote the auto industry and jobs. While he was at Willow Run, he had a chance for a photo with the governor of Michigan. A priceless exchange happened between Trump and Snyder. Trump looked over and asked the governor to come over  even though you didn t endorse me . The best part is when Trump says,  I never forget Hahaha! People from Michigan will appreciate this because Snyder is a Republican governor who in reality is a Democrat. He refused to endorse Trump during the election! When Trump held his very last rally in Grand Rapids, Michigan, Snyder was a no-show. What a putz! This is why we love Trump he calls  em as he sees  em! 
SEATTLE (Reuters) - A number of U.S. cities are introducing proposals to mandate community oversight of police use of digital surveillance technology as evidence mounts that black or poor neighborhoods are being more heavily scrutinized than others, civil rights activists said on Wednesday. The legislative measures are being introduced by lawmakers in 11 cities from Seattle to Washington, D.C., and are backed by a coalition of 17 groups led by the American Civil Liberties Union and the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People. “(We need) to build the legislative power of local communities to prevent high-tech racial profiling and policing from turning our neighborhoods into open-air prisons,” Malkia Cyril, executive director of the Center for Media Justice, told reporters on a conference call during which the proposals were announced on Wednesday. The coalition said the proposals stemmed from the growing use by departments across the country of high-tech equipment or software, some of which was developed for battlefields, to surreptitiously monitor poor or predominately black neighborhoods, Muslims, or the street-level movements of activists within the Black Lives Matter movement. The proposed bills would mandate city council approval of the use and purchase of surveillance equipment, and input and oversight from communities on how it is used. “We want to give municipalities the ability to say ‘no,’” Cyril said.  Proposals were introduced on Wednesday in Miami Beach and Pensacola, Florida, and others were expected in the coming weeks in New York City, Milwaukee, Muskegon, Michigan, and other localities, the American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU) said. Palo Alto, California, will vote on its proposal later in September, and Hattiesburg, Mississippi, is introducing legislation in October, the ACLU said. Police departments across the United States are facing intense scrutiny over the use of excessive force especially against black people, accountability and accusations of racial bias. Police officials have said digital surveillance tools are needed for crime prevention and pointed to reduced crime in some areas where they are used. The coalition said blacks have been disproportionately targeted by automatic license plate readers in Oakland, California, closed-circuit television surveillance in Lansing, Michigan, a ‘stingray’ that mimics cell phone towers to track a phone user’s location in Baltimore, Maryland, and social media monitoring software.
Kellyanne Conway may still be loyal to Donald Trump, but her husband seems far less impressed with our Tweeter-in-Chief. On Monday morning, George Conway took to Twitter, Trump s favorite medium, to blast the president for his early morning tweets about his Muslim ban.On Saturday evening, Trump exploited the terrorist attacks in London to push for his Muslim ban. Because who cares that this won t keep us safe and only adds fuel to the fire.We need to be smart, vigilant and tough. We need the courts to give us back our rights. We need the Travel Ban as an extra level of safety!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 3, 2017Then on Monday, Trump really lost his sh*t over his  travel ban  that totally isn t a  ban. People, the lawyers and the courts can call it whatever they want, but I am calling it what we need and what it is, a TRAVEL BAN!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 5, 2017The Justice Dept. should have stayed with the original Travel Ban, not the watered down, politically correct version they submitted to S.C.  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 5, 2017The Justice Dept. should ask for an expedited hearing of the watered down Travel Ban before the Supreme Court   & seek much tougher version!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 5, 2017In any event we are EXTREME VETTING people coming into the U.S. in order to help keep our country safe. The courts are slow and political!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 5, 2017 These tweets may make some ppl feel better, but they certainly won t help [Trump s travel ban executive order] get 5 votes in SCOTUS, which is what actually matters,  Conway wrote.  Sad. These tweets may make some ppl feel better, but they certainly won t help OSG get 5 votes in SCOTUS, which is what actually matters. Sad. https://t.co/zVhcyfm8Hr  George Conway (@gtconway3d) June 5, 2017Conway was at the top of the short list for a job at the Justice Department, but last week he withdrew his name from consideration. It is worth noting that this tweet slamming Trump is the first one Conway has posted since 2015.Featured image via Mark Wilson/Getty Images
We can t say enough bad things about rape apologist Mike Cernovich but Donald Trump Jr. thinks he s awesome. Cernovich is a major troll on Twitter and he s also promoted the insane Pizzagate conspiracy theory in which he and other right-wing nutbags allege that Hillary Clinton and John Podesta run a child slave ring in the basement of Comet Ping Pong in Washington, D.C. Oh, by the way, I ve been there and there is no basement in the pizzeria.And then there was the time a comedian made fun of Cernovich on Twitter, so the conspiracy theorist Snowflake retaliated by suggesting that he was a child molester. In a now-deleted tweet, Cernovich wrote,  Have you guys ever tried  raping  a girl without using force? Try it. It s basically impossible. Date rape does not exist.  He also says that black women should be slut-shamed so they won t get AIDS. He s that kind of a guy. He s part of the  Alt-Right  (cough, cough, neo-nazis).Cernovich also circulated the conspiracy theory that Hillary Clinton has Parkinson s while offering no evidence to back that up. Quite simply: He s a dick with no balls.Clinton is fading now, she can't last longer than 90 minutes, Parkinson's drugs wearing off. #DebateNight  Mike Cernovich ?? (@Cernovich) October 20, 2016So naturally, Trump Jr. is praising Mike Cernovich after the conspiracy theorist penned a story titled,  Susan Rice Requested Unmasking of Incoming Trump Administration Officials.  For the record, experts say that it s within Rice s rights to request that names be unmasked where there s some intelligence value. But forget the experts! Trump Jr. has a batshit crazy conspiracy theorist on his Dad s side!Junior thinks Cernovich should win a Pulitzer for his  unbiased journalism. Congrats to @Cernovich for breaking the #SusanRice story. In a long gone time of unbiased journalism he'd win the Pulitzer, but not today!  Donald Trump Jr. (@DonaldJTrumpJr) April 4, 2017And like his Dad, Junior is screaming  fake news  because why not.Should have gone to CNN that way she would get the Qs in advance  who am I kidding they were never going to ask a real question? #fakenews https://t.co/m6ATjfJJOO  Donald Trump Jr. (@DonaldJTrumpJr) April 4, 2017Cernovich penned an  article  in 2012 titled  When In Doubt Whip It Out.  And Donald Trump Jr. s father will go down in history as a pussy grabbing narcissist who, like Cernovich, promotes baseless conspiracy theories. We re starting to see a pattern here.And to add to the irony, the alleged president announced April to be Sexual Assault and Awareness and Prevention Month   -and Trump s son just praised a rape apologist.Photo by David Becker/Getty Images.
BUCHAREST (Reuters) - A fresh row over judicial changes in Romania broke out on Thursday with prosecutors and the political opposition warning that proposed amendments to the criminal code would weaken the fight against corruption and other crimes. A parliamentary commission will start next Monday to debate the changes which have been introduced by the ruling Social Democrats. Under the proposals, prosecutors will have to tell potential suspects they are about to be investigated and restrict the types of evidence prosecutors can use to prove cases. Temporary 30-day arrest warrants, much used by police and prosecutors in corruption cases, might be scrapped. Prosecutors may also be restricted from drawing on  wiretaps, street camera footage and digital evidence. They could also be forbidden from publicly disclosing the names of suspects until their cases effectively go to trial. Another proposed change would have witnesses give testimony in the presence of the accused - something which could prove to be an ordeal for a victim of human trafficking, for example. Romania s anti-corruption prosecution unit (DNA) has sent 72 deputies and senators to trial since 2006 alongside cabinet ministers, a sitting Prime Minister and hundreds of mayors and other public officials.  Transparency International ranks Romania among the European Union s most corrupt states though Brussels, which has Romania s justice system under special monitoring, has praised magistrates for their efforts to curb graft. Prosecutors said the changes, if they went through, would seriously hinder the fight for law and order.  Approving these changes will limit prosecutors  ability to  carry out their activities as well as exercising their constitutional role of representing society s general interest and defending the rule of law and citizens  rights,  the prosecutor general s office said in a statement.  These changes could have a devastating impact on criminal investigations because they eliminate the indispensable legal instruments needed to investigate,  the DNA said in a statement. While the Social Democrats have said the changes are needed to bring legislation in line with an EU directive, the Commission has criticized the proposed overhaul. The Social Democrats have already used their solid majority to approve a judicial overhaul in the lower house that threatens to put the justice system under political control. The senate, which has the final say, is expected to approve the bills next week. The proposed reforms have been criticized by the European Commission, the U.S. State Department, thousands of magistrates and centrist President Klaus Iohannis.  Thousands of Romanians staged protests against them in recent weeks but the coalition has so far shrugged them off. 
 
Donald Trump s Twitter habit is dangerous. When one has the bully pulpit of the White House to speak from, words definitely matter. That s why it s so concerning when Trump threatens nuclear war in 140 characters or less   it s because he could actually carry it out in a matter of minutes, and the whole world knows this   and is terrified he d do it just for kicks. The same is true   albeit to a lesser degree   when Trump cozies  up to dictators like Kim Jung-un and Vladimir Putin, while insulting our allies, like his insulting phone call with Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull. Of course, these are just a few examples, as Trump spends more time tweeting than he does doing anything else.Since Trump s tweets become more alarming by the day and are far too numerous to constantly keep up with, an awesome company has found a way to help do it   and it s super rad. The good folks at Parse/Error have created the  Political Lamp,  which is an entertaining piece of decor that lights up in a lightening storm with every Trump tweet. They say they like to be politically aware, and decided that Trump s Twitter feed is important to document because of what the orange fascist represents: He perfectly embodies a dangerous era. A world where the words of one man   can endanger the fate of millions by spreading the ghost of nuclear war on the planet. Parse/Error is correct. These are dangerous times. The GOP-controlled Congress might be worrying over tax cuts because they are craven cowards who are terrified of Trump lighting them up on Twitter, but they d better serve the nation and the world   as well as their own places in history   by doing all they can to rid the world of the threat of Trump before he kills us all.In the meantime, though, this lamp is amazing, and everyone should have one! Watch the video below:Featured image via Zach Gibson   Pool/Getty Images
According to White House Propaganda Minister Sean Spicer, it was completely fine that conservatives endlessly delayed President Obama s Supreme Court pick because it was his  fourth term. I know what you re thinking   The White House press secretary couldn t possibly be so stupid that he would not know how many terms a President can legally serve (two)   but it s true. Spicer explained that the Democrats had a responsibility to confirm any  qualified  Supreme Court nominee of Trump s despite the campaign last year to deprive President Obama of the same courtesy. According to Spicer, this is completely different because: There s never been a situation in which you had a fourth term, someone that late in an election cycle. That had never occurred before. And I think the Senate Republicans were very clear that we should wait and let the voters have a choice. And that s exactly what happened. Yes, fourth term. We didn t even get the third term conservatives were sure Obama would have and the rest of us desperately wish he could have had and Spicer thinks he served for 16 years. but he is right that the obstruction on the part of the GOP was unprecedented. There really is something unique about the position Republican senators are taking with respect to the Scalia vacancy,  law professor Jason Mazzone told The New York Times last year.  We really did not find any precedent for the idea, notwithstanding the Senate s very broad powers in this area, that a sitting president could be denied outright the authority to offer up a nominee who would receive evaluation through normal Senate processes. There is a difference between the Senate rejecting, as it s quite entitled to do, a particular nominee on the merits, and the Senate taking the position that a president cannot exercise a constitutionally delegated power,  he added.Trump s nominee isn t exactly qualified, as he has sided against the right of women to have available to them a full array of healthcare options, including a decision related to Hobby Lobby. He has also stated that  secular courts  do not have the right to interfere with [the Christian] religion, even when businesses are practicing discrimination against women.Watch Spicer s latest f*ckup below:Featured image via screenshots
Writing on Twitter Sunday, the All in the Family star mentioned a Fox News report about the Trump campaign s alleged collusion with Russia during the 2016 election. When Fox says that DT colluding with the enemy is not a crime, the fight to save Democracy is now an all out war. US-Stay strong. #Treason,  he wrote.When Fox says that DT colluding with the enemy is not a crime, the fight to save Democracy is now an all out war. US-Stay strong. #Treason  Rob Reiner (@robreiner) June 25, 2017One of our favorite conservatives on Twitter, Nick Short of politicallyshort.com warned Hollywood crybaby Rob Reiner to be careful what he wishes for: There was no collusion, but keep up your propaganda. You hollywood folks need to watch your mouths calling for "war". You might get it. https://t.co/KK8Eqh2Mq8  Nick Short   (@PoliticalShort) June 25, 2017Hollywood conservatives hammered Reiner on Twitter over his reckless remarks calling for action against President Trump:Hollywood actress and comedian Rosanne Barr called Rob Reiner s comments,  fake news .FAKE NEWS  Roseanne Barr (@therealroseanne) June 26, 2017Hollywood actor Nick Searcy blasts Reiner:https://twitter.com/yesnicksearcy/status/879471613867155460Comedian Mark Dice asks Reiner if he s trying to incite another Democrat terror incident?Is this a dog-whistle to incite another radical liberal terrorist to shoot more people?  Mark Dice (@MarkDice) June 27, 2017Hey Meathead here s the real collusion with Russia:Ever hear of #UraniumOne meathead?They are all involved with #Russia Even #Podesta pic.twitter.com/8Xa3bzDu2Y   covfefeand   (@DJTsavesAmerica) June 26, 2017These responses to Reiner s tweet are just plain hilarious:Due us a Favor! pic.twitter.com/Lei8JiMSMq  Joey Brooklyn (@Joe_America1776) June 26, 2017Archie was so correct when he named you meathead   Vince (@seriousserb) June 25, 2017
FORMER CONSERVATIVE darling Tomi Lahren made a big deal about her upcoming appearance on The View. I know, because I set the alarm on my phone to remind me when she would be on their show so I wouldn t miss it. I figured there would certainly be fireworks, and at the very least, a few memorable moments with the marxist loudmouth hosts of The View. I thought if nothing else, it would be entertaining to see her put Joy Behar in her place. People have come to know and love The Blaze s  conservative  firebrand Tomi Lahren for her outspoken commentary on current political and social issues. Until now, most of us have believed that she actually meant what she was telling us. When she finally appeared on The View last Friday, she was mostly dealt softball questions and her answers were clearly more about  getting along  with the angry hosts than the defense of  conservatism. That s okay I could live with that. As disappointed as I was in her wimpy responses to their ridiculous questions, nothing could have prepared me for the moment she decided to step out of her conservative persona and cross-over to the dark side, when host Sonny Hostin asked her about her position on abortion.Lahren:  No, I m pro-choice, and here s why. I am a constitutional, you know, someone that loves the constitution. I am someone who is for limited government. So I can t sit here, and be a hypocrite and say I m for limited government, but I think that the government should I think that the government should decide what a woman can do with their bodies. I can t sit here and say that as a Republican. And I can say, ya know what, I m for limited government, so stay out of my guns and you can stay out of my body as well.   Joy Behar jumped in (panting with excitement):  You need to go out and speak to women about that. Lahren responded:  I do. I do every day. And I get a lot of attacks from conservative women as well. I think it s equal hate from all sides for me. Really Tomi? You argue with women every day about your position on abortion? Maybe you can explain how only 3 months ago, you called people like Lena Dunham who were  pro choice   straight up baby killers!  (Watch 2nd video below)Here is a short clip showing the abortion exchange: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gOT3EiKCL-w&feature=youtu.beHere s Lahren calling anyone who is  pro-choice  a  straight up baby killer . Note the Christmas tree in the background. That s because this video is only 3 months old. Wow apparently a lot happens in 3 months! Does she realize how damaging she is to her own narrative? Think about it: the  pro-choicers  are supposed to be about rare and safe abortions. That s how they avoid sounding like straight-up baby killers.Then we have Lena freakin  Dunham out there wishing she could have murdered a fetus. Wishing for the option to kill your child doesn t exactly say much about the cause, her character, or the pro-choice movement.And here I thought the loving Left were all about peace, and love, and light, except when it comes to the unborn, I suppose. Then it s a different story, a story they write and rewrite to fit their narrative. 
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The top tax law writer in the U.S. House of Representatives insisted on Tuesday that tax reform will happen this year, despite concerns among some experts that a tax code overhaul could drag into 2018, or even collapse altogether. President Donald Trump is still seeking his first major legislative achievement and has focused on tax reform. But he has done little to advance it recently, amid constant distractions over Russia, North Korea and race relations. In Congress, as they did for their failed push to dismantle Obamacare, Republicans are ramping up a nationwide publicity campaign in favor of tax law changes without first deciding on exactly what changes they want to make. House Ways and Means Committee Chairman Kevin Brady, a Texan, is scheduled to deliver a speech on the issue on Wednesday at former President Ronald Reagan’s ranch in Santa Barbara, California. Other committee members will also attend. Ahead of his remarks, Brady told CNBC on Tuesday that the House, Senate and White House are united around a common tax plan, with details being hammered out. No legislation has been introduced. House Republican leaders had an ambitious plan earlier this year, but key pieces of it have been discarded. No replacement revenue-raising provisions have been agreed upon. Nevertheless, Brady said, “We are on track to deliver transformational, bold tax reform this year.” At the same time, he acknowledged that details have yet to be finalized: “We have a lot of work left to do.”    Corporate lobbyists and independent experts said Congress and the administration are far apart on critical issues such as how to slash rates without ballooning the federal deficit. “The Republicans all agree on lower tax rates, just not on how to pay for them,” said Stephen Shay, a Harvard Law School lecturer who advised on tax policy at the U.S. Treasury under former Democratic President Barack Obama. Shay put the odds of tax reform occurring before the November 2018 midterm congressional elections at 50-50.  Expectations for tax reform have fallen off sharply among investors on Wall Street, where many now believe congressional gridlock is more likely than an overhaul. “Economically, it (tax reform) is a no-brainer. But from here to there, it’s a long and winding road. And we’re finding more land mines on that road pretty much every week,” said Brad McMillan, chief investment officer at broker-dealer Commonwealth Financial Network.  Major tax reform last occurred in 1986 as the result of a broadly bipartisan effort that took several years. Under Trump, tax reform is a highly partisan venture.  Republicans have only a few months to overcome internal divisions and other obstacles to get tax reform done by Jan. 1. The push will collide next month with efforts to prevent a government shutdown and a default on U.S. debt.  Still, some experts said tax legislation might still fly. “There’s still an expectation that there will be some sort of tax bill that gets to the president’s desk that he can sign before the midterm elections,” said Rohit Kumar, a tax policy expert at accounting and consulting group PwC and a former senior Senate tax aide.  “I think there’s a lot of uncertainty about whether we can call that ‘tax reform’ or whether that’s something more like ‘tax relief.’” 
BEIJING (Reuters) - China has denied responsibility for alleged cyber attacks in the United States appearing to target exiled tycoon Guo Wengui, who has levelled corruption allegations against senior Communist Party officials and applied for political asylum. The Ministry of Public Security said in a statement provided to Reuters on Sunday an investigation had found  no evidence  of Chinese government involvement in the alleged cyber attacks. The law enforcement agency said China had also provided the U.S. government with evidence that Guo, who has applied for political asylum in the United States, fabricated documents used to support his claims. It said China would make an official request for U.S. authorities to investigate the matter.  The falsified official documents and the false information he fabricated are sensational and outrageous,  the ministry said in a rare English-language statement. Guo denied the documents were forged and said the Ministry of Public Security s statement should not be believed. The Washington-based Hudson Institute think tank was scheduled to host Guo last Wednesday in a rare public appearance, but canceled the event the day before without explanation.  The event would have coincided with the visit of an official Chinese delegation to the U.S. capital for a high-level law enforcement and cyber security dialogue between the two countries.  The Hudson Institute said it had detected a Shanghai-based attack aimed at shutting down access to its website several days earlier. The suspected attack was raised by U.S. Attorney General Jeff Sessions during a meeting with China s Public Security Minister Guo Shengkun on Wednesday, a Department of Justice spokesman told Reuters on Sunday.  China had  pledged to cooperate , the spokesman said. However, the New York-based Guo Wengui said:  Just because the Ministry of Public Security said China didn t do it doesn t make it true.   Why did the U.S. raise it in their meeting?  he told Reuters. Guo Wengui applied for U.S. political asylum in September, but said this week the law firm representing him, Clark Hill PLC, had backed out after being targeted by Chinese hackers.  Clark Hill lawyer Thomas Ragland, who lodged the asylum claim, confirmed he was no longer representing Guo Wengui, without elaborating. Guo Wengui held a news conference at the National Press Club on Thursday, after his Hudson event was called off, where he produced what he claimed were  top secret  official documents showing China had sent secret agents into the United States. China s Ministry of Public Security said the documents shown by him were  clumsily forged  and  full of obvious mistakes . Guo Wengui has made wide-ranging corruption allegations against senior Communist Party leaders through a daily stream of Twitter and YouTube posts since the start of the year, which he says are aimed at disrupting a key five-yearly Communist Party congress that begins next week. The Chinese government has been seeking to discredit Guo Wengui, who is the subject of an Interpol red notice issued at Beijing s request, as a criminal suspect who should not be trusted. 
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump signed an executive order on Friday to extend offshore oil and gas drilling to areas that have been off limits - a move meant to boost domestic production but which could fall flat due to weak industry demand for the acreage. The order could open up swathes of the Atlantic, Pacific and Arctic oceans, as well as the U.S. Gulf of Mexico, that former President Barack Obama had sought to protect from development after a huge BP (BP.L) oil spill in 2010. “We’re opening it up....Today we’re unleashing American energy and clearing the way for thousands and thousands of high-paying American energy jobs,” Trump said as he signed the order. Trump had campaigned on a promise to do away with Obama-era environmental protections that he said were hobbling energy development without providing tangible benefits, pleasing industry and enraging environmental advocates. But the executive order, called the America-First Offshore Energy Strategy, comes as low oil prices and soaring onshore production have pushed industry demand for offshore leases near their lowest level in years, raising questions over the impact. A Reuters review of government data showed the amount of money that oil companies spent in the central Gulf of Mexico’s annual lease sale dropped more than 75 percent between 2012 and 2017. Dollars bid per acre and the percentage of acreage receiving bids both declined more than 50 percent. The figures were similar in the western Gulf of Mexico, the only other zone that got offers for leases during that period, according to the figures from the U.S. Bureau of Ocean Energy Management. “The Trump administration’s hasty move today toward expanding offshore oil drilling ... defies market realities and is as reckless as it is unnecessary,” said David Jenkins, president of Conservatives for Responsible Stewardship, a non-profit conservation group. “Why on earth would someone choose to push drilling in the riskiest and most expensive places on the planet when the current oil glut will make such ventures unprofitable for the foreseeable future?” he said.     The president of the American Petroleum Institute trade group welcomed the order in a statement, while an API official said the order could help the industry over the long term. The official did not respond to a request for comment directly about current offshore lease demand. “In order to meet U.S. energy needs, it is important to keep options open for the long term, so industry can start planning for and determining where the best prospects are and then make those investments the global economy will require over time,” the official said, asking not to be named.  The order directs the U.S. Department of Interior to review and replace the Obama administration’s most recent five-year oil and gas development plan for the outer continental shelf, which includes federal waters off all U.S. coasts. Weeks before leaving office, Obama had banned new oil and gas drilling in federal waters in the Atlantic and Arctic oceans, protecting 115 million acres (46.5 million hectares) of waters off Alaska and 3.8 million acres in the Atlantic from New England to the Chesapeake Bay. In addition to requiring a new five-year drilling plan, the order reverses Obama’s decision to place certain parts of the Arctic permanently off limits to drilling. It also requires Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross to review previous presidents’ designations of marine national monuments and sanctuaries. Jill McLeod, a partner at international law firm Dorsey & Whitney, said Trump’s order was a positive signal to the oil industry but was unlikely to trigger a surge in exploration in the near term given the costs. “The lifting of the ban does not necessarily make drilling in the Arctic a compelling proposition,” she said.   Environmental groups, including Oceana and the Center for Biological Diversity, criticized the order and promised to fight it in court. Democratic senators also opposed the order, saying it could threaten the fishing and tourism industries. Friday’s order came on the heels of a separate decree by Trump this week triggering a review of federally managed land to determine if they were improperly designated as national monuments by former presidents. The move is intended to expand federal areas available for development. 
George Stephanopoulos allowed presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump to phone into Good Morning America on Friday morning only to be grilled for not releasing his tax returns. Do you believe voters have a right to see your tax returns before they make a final decision?  Stephanopoulos asked. I don t think they do,  Trump replied before claiming that he will  gladly  release his returns once the IRS completes an audit against him. Of course, the audit may not be over until after the election, a fact that even Trump conceded despite feigning hope that it will end before November.Stephanopoulos didn t buy that argument, however, pointing out that an audit didn t prevent former President Richard Nixon from releasing his tax returns. The IRS has made it very clear that an audit is not a bar to public release,  Stephanopoulos said.  It s entirely your choice. President Nixon released his tax returns even though he was under audit and when you were seeking a casino license in Pennsylvania and New Jersey you released your returns to state officials even though you were under audit. Trump repeated that he will not release his returns until after the audit is complete, which may or may not be completed until after the election, so the audit is a rather convenient excuse for Trump.Trump then erroneously claimed that many presidents have not released their tax returns, and Stephanopoulos didn t let him get away it.  Every single nominee since 1976 has released his tax returns,  the ABC host informed Trump.Trump went on to claim that his release of his  financials  should be enough, but Stephanopoulos noted that such documents fail to show what his tax rate is and how much in taxes he pays.That really set Trump off as he began to complain about having to pay taxes and he admitted that he  tries very hard  to pay as little in taxes as possible. As we all know, the reason why Bernie Sanders has been so popular this election season is because one of his goals is to force the wealthy 1 percent to pay their fair share of taxes.Testiness on Trump s part dominated the remaining part of the interview as Trump repeated that he would not release his returns until the audit is complete and claimed that he shouldn t have to release his returns until Hillary Clinton releases nonexistent missing emails. When pressed further on his returns, Trump said curtly that it s  none of your business. Here s the video via YouTube.But it is Stephanopoulos s business because he is a journalist. It s also the American people s business because they deserve all the information before going to the polls in November. Trump can claim all he wants that he doesn t have secret overseas accounts or that he pays low taxes, but the American people won t know if he s lying or not until he releases the returns to the public. And since Trump is playing this game of hide and seek with his returns, the only conclusion we can assume at this time is that he has something to hide and he is doing everything he can to keep it hidden until after the election.Featured image via screen capture
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump on Tuesday reaffirmed support for the United States’ longstanding security alliances around the world but insisted that friends and partners from Europe to the Middle East to the Pacific must “pay their fair share of the cost.” In his first nationally televised speech to Congress since taking office on Jan. 20, Trump sought to reassure allies still uneasy over doubts he raised during the 2016 presidential campaign about his commitment to their defense and to maintaining a U.S. global leadership role. But he also made clear that he expects those countries to shoulder more of the burden of their own security needs, echoing a campaign message that some allies had taken advantage of Washington’s generosity in providing them a security umbrella. “Our foreign policy calls for a direct, robust and meaningful engagement with the world,” Trump told a joint session of Congress. “It is American leadership based on vital security interests that we share with our allies across the globe.” He specifically assured NATO allies of his new administration’s continued commitment to the decades-old alliance. However, he made no mention of one of the main sources of European concern: his friendly overtures during the campaign toward Russian President Vladimir Putin. “We strongly support NATO, an alliance forged through the bonds of two World Wars that dethroned fascism and a Cold War that defeated communism,” Trump said. “But our partners must meet their financial obligations,” he said. “And now, based on our very strong and frank discussions, they are beginning to do just that.” Then, deviating from his prepared remarks, Trump added: “In fact, I can tell you the money is pouring in. Very nice.” But he offered no specifics. Some critics had accused Trump of failing to recognize the benefit that accrued to the United States of having strong democratic allies helping to stabilize volatile areas like the Middle East, Ukraine and South Asia. Trump’s remarks followed the deployment earlier this month of senior Cabinet members to Brussels, Bonn and Munich, Germany, aimed at calming European worries. The Europeans heard from Defense Secretary James Mattis that the North Atlantic Treaty Organization military alliance was not “obsolete” after all, despite Trump’s suggestions to the contrary. Vice President Mike Pence told them that Russia would be “held accountable” for its actions in Ukraine.  Mattis made his first foreign trip to South Korea and Japan, where he sought to ease  concerns about what Trump’s self-styled “America First” strategy means for U.S. foreign policy in Asia. While seeming to tackle some of the doubts of U.S. allies, Trump still made clear that he wanted them to do more. “We expect our partners, whether in NATO, in the Middle East, or the Pacific, to take a direct and meaningful role in both strategic and military operations, and pay their fair share of the cost,” he said. 
 
 The View  co-host, and rabid, liberal, activist, Joy Behar, made a colossal ass of herself on Friday when she was handed a breaking news story in the middle of her show. Joy Behar paused the show to read the  breaking news  statement aloud to her viewers:  ABC News  Brian Ross is reporting Michael Flynn promised full cooperation to the Mueller team, and is prepared to testify that as a candidate,  Donald Trump directed him to make contact with the Russians! Yes!  Joy proceeded to throw her hands in the air and toss the card containing what ended up being a fake news story, into the air, as a sign of her jubilation over the news that they finally  got  Donald Trump. Joy was not only telling her audience something that wasn t true, she was showing what it looks like when a partisan hack puts their own selfish desires above a potentially serious issue that, if it were found to be true, could potentially be a serious national security issue.Watch:joy behar getting handed the flynn news is the definition of, well, joy pic.twitter.com/Ush7sH5K3r  David Mack (@davidmackau) December 1, 2017Meghan McCain, who was clearly disturbed by her co-host Joy Behar s unprofessional behavior on Friday, gave Behar,  and the rest of the liberal The View panel a piece of her mind on the show today.Watch:The funniest and most delusional part of the video happens when fellow unhinged, liberal, activists and co-hosts of The View attempt to convince their viewers how Hillary could never get away with half of the things Donald Trump has done. EW- When it happened in real time, I think everyone who was watching the show could see my discomfort at the room erupting like the Dodgers had just won the World Series,  she said when the topic of the correction was first brought up. She then compared Behar s initial reaction to that of Rush Limbaugh saying that he hoped Barack Obama would fail as president. McCain explained,  If we re celebrating a breach of national security   it s going to tear our country apart. McCain then lambasted her co-hosts for spreading  fake news  with her on the panel.  I went to a Christmas party over the weekend; it s no secret, most of my friends are in conservative media, [and] I feel a lot like I m an astronaut from another planet to come here to try to explain both worlds to each other   that s how different I feel on this show sometimes,  she said.  And I will say that fake news, and what we did on Friday, that s what I was accused of being a part of. McCain is a conservative who has criticized Trump in the past. The daughter of Senator John McCain, she departed her brief stint as a Fox News host and contributor in September before officially joining The View the next month. On both Friday and Monday, she was joined on the panel by recurring panelist Ana Navarro, the anti-Trump Republican commentator who voted for Hillary Clinton in the 2016 election. Behar, who first broke the erroneous Trump-Flynn information on The View after being handed a card featuring Ross  reporting, is an outspoken Democrat.Ross has been suspended by ABC for four weeks, a decision the reporter publicly supported. 
HARARE (Reuters) - A U.S. citizen was charged on Friday with attempting to overthrow the Zimbabwean government, which carries a sentence of up to 20 years in jail, after police earlier accused her of insulting 93-year-old President Robert Mugabe. Martha O Donovan, who works for Magamba TV, which describes itself as Zimbabwe s leading producer of political satire, was picked up in a dawn raid on her Harare home, her lawyer said. O Donovan, who denies both charges, was expected in court on Saturday, lawyer Obey Shava said. Police spokeswoman Charity Charamba could not be reached for comment on the new, much more serious, charge.  O Donovan was first charged with insulting and undermining the president, according to a police charge sheet, which accused her of last month calling Mugabe a  selfish and sick man  on Twitter, the first such arrest since the creation of a Ministry of Cyber Security last month.  That charge carries a maximum sentence of one year in jail, her lawyer said. Shava said police then accused O Donovan of setting up Magamba, being behind a  shadowy Twitter character  called @matigary and setting up another Twitter account @OpenParlyZw  for the sole purpose of overthrowing the government through unconstitutional means . The government has been particularly uneasy about social media after activists such as pastor Evan Mawararire and his #ThisFlag movement last year used social media to organize a stay-at-home demonstration, the biggest anti-government protest in a decade. A national election is due in 2018. The police search warrant showed that central to its investigation was a post on O Donovan s Twitter feed referring to a  Goblin  whose wife and step-sons had imported a Rolls-Royce, an apparent reference to Mugabe, though he was not named. In a statement to police seen by Reuters, O Donovan said:  I deny the allegations being leveled against me as baseless and malicious. That is all I wish to say.  The U.S. embassy in Harare confirmed an American citizen had been arrested and said it was monitoring the situation closely. Shava said his client had refused to sign a new document known as a  warned and cautioned statement  with the fresh charge. The document sets out the government s case and signing it signals a suspect understands the charge.  She had signed the statement on the lesser charge. Police seized her computers, cellphones and other electronic devices in the raid on her home. 
PHNOM PENH (Reuters) - Cambodian Prime Minister Hun Sen challenged the United States on Sunday to cut all aid after it announced it was ending funding for a general election next year in response to the dissolution of the main opposition party, media reported. Hun Sen, the strongman who has ruled Cambodia for more than three decades, has taken a strident anti-American line in an increasingly tense run-up to a 2018 election that has included a crackdown on critics, rights groups and independent media. The United States announced on Friday it was ending funding for the election, and promised more  concrete steps , after the Supreme Court dissolved the Cambodia National Rescue Party (CNRP) at the request of the government, on the grounds it was plotting to seize power. The party denied the accusation. The pro-government Fresh News website reported that Hun Sen said in a speech to garment workers that he welcomed the U.S. aid cut and urged it cut it all.  Samdech Techo Hun Sen confirmed that cutting U.S. aid won t  kill the government but will only kill a group of people who serve American policies,  Fresh News reported, using Hun Sen s official title.  It did not identify the people suspected of serving U.S. policies but added:  Hun Sen ... welcomes and encourages the U.S. to cut all aid.  The U.S. embassy in Phnom Penh did not respond to a request for comment. In April, the U.S. embassy announced a $1.8 million grant to assist local elections this year and next year s general election. The U.S. State Department said on its website that U.S. assistance to Cambodia for programs in health, education, governance, economic growth and clearing unexploded ordnance was worth more than $77.6 million in 2014. However, Chinese support for big ticket projects has allowed Hun Sen to brush off Western criticism of his crackdown on dissent. China vastly outspends the United States in a country once destroyed by Cold War superpower rivalry, and its money goes on highly visible infrastructure projects and with no demands for political reform. In September, authorities arrested the CNRP leader, Kem Sokha, and charged him with treason over what they said was a plot to take power with U.S. help. He denied any such plot. The U.S. State Department called on Friday for Cambodia to release him and reverse the decision to ban his party. The court also banned 118 party members from politics for five years. Police have begun to take down CNRP signs from their offices across the country. Mu Sochua, a senior CNRP member who moved abroad shortly before the party was banned, said Hun Sen was jeopardizing foreign investment.  Foreign investors serious about investing in Cambodia won t be coming and are, or will be, looking at an exit if they can t compete with China s monopoly in Cambodia because Hun Sen needs to pay back favors to China,  she said. Western countries, which for decades supported Cambodia s emergence from war and isolation, have shown little appetite for sanctions in response to the crackdown, but the European Union has raised the possibility of Cambodia losing trade preferences. Tariff-free access to Europe for Cambodian garments - and similar trade preferences in the United States - have helped Cambodia build a garment industry on low-cost labor. EU and U.S. buyers take some 60 percent of Cambodia s exports. 
Rumors that the DNC hack was tied to Russia have been swirling for several days, but now, this is no longer just a mere suspicion. Researchers with ThreatConnect, who specialize in cyber security, have traced the hacker back to a Russian internet server.According to the Arlington, Va. based ThreatConnect, Guccifer 2.0, the DNC Hacker who has described himself/herself as Romanian, has been linked to a Russian internet server and a digital address that has been associated with various Russian online scams. Guccifer 2.0 is not thought to be a sophisticated hacker. Researchers with ThreatCOnnect believe it is more likely that this is propaganda by a group of people working with the Russian government in an effort to take attention off Moscow as the actual force behind the DNC hack. Now, after further investigation, we can confirm that Guccifer 2.0 is using the Russia-based Elite VPN service to communicate and leak documents directly with the media. We reached this conclusion by analyzing the infrastructure associated with an email exchange with Guccifer 2.0 shared with ThreatConnect by Vocativ s Senior Privacy and Security reporter Kevin Collier. This discovery strengthens our ongoing assessment that Guccifer 2.0 is a Russian propaganda effort and not an independent actor. The experts with ThreatConnect are the first to trace the self-proclaimed hacker back to Russia.Rich Barger, ThreatConnect s chief intelligence officer, reiterated his believe that the party responsible was not a  sophisticated hacker  when speaking with The Daily Beast. These are bureaucrats, not sophisticated hackers,  he insisted. Barger backed up his assessment up with the following:Republican nominee Donald Trump has had an ongoing bromance with Russian president, Vladimir Putin. Many have said they believe that the DNC hack and subsequent email dump were an attempt by Putin to help out his billionaire buddy s bid for the presidency.Featured image via Lintao Zhang/Getty Images
One by one, Donald Trump is screwing over everyone he promised to help when he wanted their votes. Today, it was our military veterans and their small children who got the shaft, thanks to Trump s policies. A memorandum was leaked online explaining to Army families with young kids that the early education programs they have come to rely on are coming to an end just one week from today as a result of Trump s hiring freeze. The memo announced that United States Army Garrison (USAG) Wiesbaden CYS Part-Day Programs would no longer be available as of March 1. These programs include the Strong Beginnings, Part-Day Preschool, and Part-Day Toddler programs.Printed on Army letterhead, the document clearly states that  this closure is a result of staff shortage due to the Federal hiring Freeze. This Hiring Freeze prevents CYS from replacing staff who depart for any reason to include normal rotation.  Because they are unable to hire new teachers, thanks to Trump s hiring freeze, they have found themselves with only enough staff to  operate mandatory core programs. According to the memorandum,  Part-Day programs are being closed to sustain Full-Day programs that are essential for military readiness. The last day for these Part-Day programs will be February 28. It is with deep regret that USAG Wiesbaden CYS must take this action; however, mandated core services that support Soldier readiness must be maintained and this can only be done by moving staff into the core programs from the Part-Day programs,  the memo reads.  It is our intention to once again offer these Part-Day programs as soon as we are authorized to hire and have sufficient trained staff on board. On the campaign trail, Trump swore up and down that he was going to take care of the men and women who serve in our military. But, like most other things he has said, this has turned out to be just one more broken promise. And now, it is the children of those who are willing to give their lives for this country that are ultimately getting screwed.If you don t think @realDonaldTrump s #hiringfreeze hurts our military, and military families, think again. This just leaked online. pic.twitter.com/H69Uh8Fukq  VoteVets (@votevets) February 21, 2017Featured image via Christopher Furlong/Getty Images
Donald Trump is losing it. On Monday, he kicked off his morning with perhaps his dumbest ravings yet about swamps and sewers and fake news (oh my?). Drain the Swamp should be changed to Drain the Sewer   it s actually much worse than anyone ever thought, and it begins with the Fake News!  our middle-schooler-in-chief tweeted.Drain the Swamp should be changed to Drain the Sewer   it's actually much worse than anyone ever thought, and it begins with the Fake News!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 24, 2017If you re thinking  what the f*ck is he on about?  then you re not the only one. For one, a sewer is a drainage system. That s the whole point.Just like Adolf Hitler, Trump continued his attacks on the L genpresse   FAKE NEWS  as Trump calls the media.He also once again demanded that everyone focus on  Crooked Hillarys  rather than himself. It is unclear if he meant that as a possessive or a plural.So why aren't the Committees and investigators, and of course our beleaguered A.G., looking into Crooked Hillarys crimes & Russia relations?  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 24, 2017Basically, this tantrum was a gigantic mountain of stupidity and Americans were glad to mock him mercilessly for it.You are right. If DC was a swamp before, you made it a sewer. Next stop: toxic waste dump  Dani Bostick (@danibostick) July 24, 2017How do you think sewers work, exactly?  Ryan Broderick (@broderick) July 24, 2017Brilliant!Although, to be fair, DC s sewer is clogged by a MASSIVE fatberg at 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue.  Sean (@DailyChef7) July 24, 2017If by  Fake News  you mean  My misleading tweets, statements & surrogates,  agree! Screw the sewer; in 2018 & 2020 let s  Flush the Toilet !  Pep Rosenfeld (@peprosenfeld) July 24, 2017Okay, have you tried calling the plumber? Let me know how it goes.  nic shields (@nicshields) July 24, 2017You ARE the biggest, slimiest, diseased sewer rat so stop whining #DonnieTwoScoops! pic.twitter.com/Zx7GKfBUV4  alexandra halaby (@iskandrah) July 24, 2017You re SO right! You DID create a sewer in the @WhiteHouse! Thank you for correctly pointing that out. #drainthesewer  Shaun O Banion (@shaun_obanion) July 24, 2017Ofcourse it s worse. You added half of Goldman Sachs, the foreclosure king, a racist elf, white nationalists, neo-nazis & Russian colluders  Facts Do Matter (@WilDonnelly) July 24, 2017Where would sewers drain into? Surely you d have to use more sewers and that would compound the problem, no?  Conor Mac (@thefella) July 24, 2017Yes, change the slogan. That should stop you from hiring a rogues gallery of the least qualified, most compromised federal officials ever.  Mark Banker (@themarkbanker) July 24, 2017Is a sewer better or worse than a swamp? This is the most interesting debate topic you ve raised since becoming president.  Paul Caiozzo (@PaulCaiozzo) July 24, 2017Yes, you managed to drain the swamp directly into the WH. And your constant refrain of  fake news  leads us to believe it isn t fake at all  Susan Price (@PriceSjrw5614) July 24, 2017So you turned the  swamp  into a  sewer ? And now it s overflowing. So much winning!  Paul Cyr (@PaulCyr5) July 24, 2017We know you re much worse than we first thought. We d love to drain the sewer . How long before you can move out?  Kristine Lynne (@thegoodmama) July 24, 2017It begins with you so when are you gonna resign so we can drain the sewer?  Sheree Williams (@ShereeW1974) July 24, 2017Trump seems nervous about something. Could it be that his son-in-law, son, and former campaign manager are testifying before the Senate Intelligence Committee about their collusion with Russia? The fact that the noose is tightening?What s he worried about?Featured image via Getty Images/screengrab
Reps. Jason Chaffetz (R-UT) and Elijah Cummings (D-MD) dropped a bombshell on Tuesday morning. During a press conference, they announced what Cummings described as a  major problem  for the Trump administration: it looks like former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn committed a felony. We received a response from the White House refusing to provide any of the documents we requested,  Cummings said.  The White House has refused to offer a single piece of paper in response to this committee s bipartisan request. According to the congressman, classified military documents have revealed that Flynn failed to disclose payments he received from foreign governments before he became Trump s National security advisor. This is a major problem,  Cummings said. I believe these documents should be declassified to the fullest extent possible without compromising sources or methods,  he added.Cumings also noted that Flynn s illegal actions could land him in prison for up to five years. Chaffetz said that if these documents are correct, then Flynn s actions were clearly illegal   and there will be consequences. As a former military officer, you simply cannot take money from Russia, Turkey or anybody else,  Chaffetz said.  And it appears as if he did take that money, it was inappropriate, and there are repercussions for it as a violation of the law. The congressmen, who both serve as senior members of the House Oversight Committee, said that so far, they haven t seen a shred of evidence to suggest that Flynn actually followed the law and got permission from the federal government before taking cash from multiple foreign governments.You can watch video of their press conference, here:Featured image via Win McNamee/Getty Images
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump will lay out a more confrontational  strategy toward Iran by the United States on Friday in a speech in which he is likely to strike a blow at an international Iran nuclear deal, complicating U.S. relations with European allies. U.S. officials said Trump was expected to announce that he will not certify the 2015 Iran nuclear deal, believing the agreement is not in the national interests of the United States. He had certified it twice before but aides said he was reluctant to do so a third time. Trump could have a last minute change of heart before he outlines his administration s new approach toward Iran in speech at the White House at 12:45 p.m. EDT (1645 GMT) on Friday. The step would not withdraw the United States from the deal but would give the U.S. Congress 60 days to decide whether to reimpose the sanctions on Tehran that were suspended under an agreement that was negotiated by the United States and other world powers during the administration of former President Barack Obama. International inspectors say Iran is in technical compliance with the accord, but Trump says Tehran is in violation of the spirit of the agreement and has done nothing to rein in its ballistic missile program or its financial and military support for Hezbollah and other extremist groups. White House Chief of Staff John Kelly said the U.S. approach toward Iran is to work with allies in the Middle East to contain Tehran s activities.  We have footprints on the ground, naval and Air Force is there to just demonstrate our resolve, our friendship, and try to deter anything that any country out there may do,  Kelly said. European allies are warning of a split with the United States on the issue. This week, Trump has heard appeals from British Prime Minister Theresa May and French President Emmanuel Macron for the United States to certify the deal for the sake of allied unity.  It s imperative that Europe sticks together on this issue,  German Foreign Minister Sigmar Gabriel told the RND German newspaper group.  We also have to tell the Americans that their behavior on the Iran issue will drive us Europeans into a common position with Russia and China against the USA.  Signed by the United States, Britain, France, Germany, Russia, China, the European Union and Iran, the deal lifted sanctions on Tehran in exchange for curbs on its nuclear program. Trump has called the accord  an embarrassment  and  the worst deal ever.  European officials have categorically ruled out renegotiating the deal, but have said they share Trump s concerns over Iran s destabilizing influence in the Middle East. The threat of new action from Washington has prompted a public display of unity from the rival factions among Iran s rulers. CIA Director Mike Pompeo on Thursday kept up a steady drumbeat of Trump administration criticism of Iran, saying Tehran is  mounting a ruthless drive to be the hegemonic power in the region.  Iran s intelligence service and the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps  are the cudgels of a despotic theocracy, with the IRGC accountable only to a Supreme Leader. They re the vanguard of a pernicious empire that is expanding its power and influence across the Middle East,  Pompeo said in remarks at the University of Texas in Austin.  In Tampa, Florida, the head of U.S. Central Command said he was concerned about Iran s long-term activities in the region and he would continue to focus on protecting U.S. troops, even as Iran has said U.S. regional military bases would be at risk if further sanctions were passed.  Iran is kind of a long-term destabilizing actor in the region and so we remain concerned about their activities as well,  U.S. General Joseph Votel told reporters. 
THE CENTER FOR IMMIGRATION STUDIES is a great resource for all the facts on illegals and taxpayer dollars. Patty and I were lucky enough to attend a two-day workshop with them in DC. The main fact that stuck with us is that the current immigration system is UNSUSTAINABLE They used facts and figures to lay out the truth for us and it was frightening! This is why it is even more frightening that the feds are STILL giving preferential treatment to illegals when it comes to SNAP.CIS s David North gives us the low down:It s been six months since Donald Trump took office, and some families with illegal aliens get food stamps (the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program, or SNAP) while identical all-citizen families of the same size and with the same income do not receive them.This is not a question of treating illegal aliens like other residents of this country, it is clear-cut discrimination against citizens and in favor of illegals.This long-standing (and peculiar) arrangement is the sort of thing that one would expect to be corrected by the third, if not the first, month of a new get-tough-on-illegal-immigration administration, such as that of the campaigning Donald Trump.I checked with the Department of Agriculture s Food and Nutrition Service this week, the $110 billion-a-year agency that runs food stamps and some other nutrition programs.Two questions were on my mind: 1) does the food stamp program still, under a particular set of circumstances, operate with this anti-citizen bias, and 2) has the Trump administration made an appointment of one or more outsiders to help run the agency?The answer to the second question came quickly: No, but there is a civil servant running the program on an acting basis who was placed in that job by the White House. Does an agency have to have a budget of, say, $200 billion a year before the administration notices its existence?It took a little longer to get the answer to the first question, because the nature of the discrimination is subtle and a lot of professionals in the welfare business do not want to make the distinction between legal and illegal residents of this country.Here s how the system works: Illegal aliens are not allocated food stamps, but if the family is mixed, with some citizens and some illegals, the mixed family still gets some benefits. States are allowed, to some extent, to pick and choose among benefit-determination methods. Most states have chosen a technique that does not record some of the earnings of illegal aliens, while always recording all the income of citizens.Let s look at the system as applied to two similar families who live in adjacent houses; both have incomes of $2,400 a month, both have the same assets, both families consist of a working male, his stay-at-home spouse, and their stay-at-home toddler. The only difference is that one of the men is a native-born citizen and the other is an illegal alien. Everyone else in the two households is a citizen.OK, so far. Now let s walk through Alice s special mirror, and see how the government handles the situation. It sees the three-citizen family as three people and says that $2,400 a month is too high an income for food stamps. It looks at the other family and sees it as a two-member family, because the man is an illegal, and then   here s the key   the government decides that only two-thirds of the family income should be counted, and that $1,600 is not too high for a family of two, hence the family with the illegal alien in it gets food stamps and the other family does not.There are bands of income in which this situation plays out with different sized families, giving benefits to some mixed families, and denying them to all-citizen families of the same size and with the same income. For more on these strange arrangements, see the CIS report  An Aid Program that Routinely Discriminates in Favor of Ineligible Aliens .That s the way it was under Obama, and after I explained the (admittedly bizarre) matter to the Food and Nutrition Service publicist, she told me that it remains that way under Trump.This story is symptomatic of two larger realities. Both the Obama and Trump administrations managed to conduct big immigration operations to their own liking; think of DACA with Obama, and, under Trump, the way that enforcement people were given the freedom to do their jobs.But Obama was much more successful in the minutia of immigration policy than Trump; for years I wrote about this little move to admit a small class of migrants, or that little move that prevented another subclass from being deported. We are not seeing that, or maybe not yet, with the Trump administration. You can t change policy, at least at the retail level, without people to write and push the new policies.So an unknown but substantial number of mixed (illegals plus citizens) families are getting food stamps when equally poor neighbors, who happen to be in all-citizen families, go hungry.Read more and please check out the CIS websiteJESSICA VAUGHAN OF CIS DISCUSSES EXPEDITED REMOVAL OF ILLEGALS UNDER THE TRUMP ADMINISTRATION:Please use this website as a resource for facts when it comes to immigration!
PARIS (Reuters) - French businessman and art patron Pierre Berge, who co-founded the Yves Saint Laurent fashion house, has died at age 86 following a long illness, his foundation said on Friday.  Berge was the partner of the late designer Yves Saint Laurent, with whom he founded the label in 1961. He died on Friday at his home in Saint-Remy-de-Provence in southern France. Berge, who ran the Yves Saint Laurent house until 2002, was  a passionate art collector and opera lover. Socialist President Fran ois Mitterrand put him in charge of the newly-built Bastille Opera in Paris in 1988.  Pierre Berge was a true prince of the arts and culture,  former culture minister Jack Lang said. In 1994, Berge, a longtime campaigner for gay rights, created Sidaction, a fund-raising organization dedicated to AIDS research and treatment. He was also a founder of the French weekly Courrier International and the gay magazine Tetu and the chairman of the supervisory board at Le Monde newspaper as one its main shareholders. Berge was due to inaugurate two museums dedicated to Yves Saint Laurent in Paris and Marrakech this autumn. 
Ever since ISIS appeared in Iraq in 2014, both the policies and strategies coming out of Washington have ranged from confused to inept, as politicians and Pentagon officials spar over whether or not to cooperate with various Iranian-affiliated Shia militias and People s Mobilization Units (PMF), led by Hash d  al-Shaabi and Badr Organisation.The driving factor behind Washington s stance is the Israeli Lobby and Gulf state led by Saudi Arabia   who vocally oppose any US cooperation with Shia PMF s in Iraq. This lack of coherency has also helped alienate the Iraq government in Baghdad who appear to be less and less concerned with Washington s sectarian imposition and more concerned with closing-out the ISIS threat in Iraq.This dysfunctional US policy of exclusion in local operational partners on the ground may have helped to prolong the lifespan of ISIS in parts of Iraq. Washington s insistence on playing the sectarian card has led to its inability to openly cooperate with key players   to benefit of ISIS.Notice how the AFP report below categorically refers to Shia militia in Iraq at  Iranian militias    another example of the western mainstream media intentionally skewing language in order to give a false impression that all Shia militias in Iraq are Iranian   which is patently false.This week: US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson drew the short straw again, as Pentagon warhawks send him to Riyadh on another impossible mission AFP reports Iraq on Monday rebuffed a US demand that Iranian militias leave the country, insisting that the paramilitary forces which helped it defeat the Islamic State group consist solely of Iraqi nationals. Nobody has the right to interfere in Iraqi affairs,  the Iraqi cabinet said in a statement, quoting a source close to Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi. The fighters of the Hashed (al-Shaabi paramilitary units) are Iraqis who are concerned for their country and have sacrificed for its defence and for its people,  it said.On Sunday, US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson demanded that Iranian militias leave Iraq. Certainly Iranian militias that are in Iraq, now that the fighting against (IS) is coming to a close, those militias need to go home,  Tillerson said. All foreign fighters need to go home,  he said at a press conference in Riyadh.The 60,000-strong Hashed was formed in 2014 after IS seized swathes of northern Iraq, routing government forces.A coalition mostly made up of Iranian-backed militias, it has played a key role in Iraq s successful fightback against the jihadists over the past three years.It answers to Iraq s prime minister as commander-in-chief of the Iraqi armed forces, into which it has been integrated by a parliamentary vote.Tillerson s remarks were also aimed at Iran s elite Revolutionary Guards and their foreign operations wing, the Quds Force, according to a senior US official accompanying him. The position of the Iraqi government and the position of our government is that there should be a single Iraqi security force answerable to the Iraqi state,  the official said on condition of anonymity.Iranian Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif has also hit back at Tillerson s remarks, saying Iran played a crucial role in the fight against IS both in Iraq and Syria. If it wasn t for the sacrifices of the Islamic Republic of Iran  Daesh (IS) would have installed its government in Damascus, Baghdad and (the Iraqi Kurdish regional capital) Arbil by now,  he said.READ MORE IRAQ NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Iraq FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @ 21WIRE.TV
NAIROBI (Reuters) - Burundi s main opposition grouping said it is boycotting peace talks that resumed on Tuesday in Tanzania, leaving little chance that the negotiations will end simmering political violence that has claimed hundreds of lives.  Burundi has been gripped by unrest since April 2015, when President Pierre Nkurunziza announced he would stand for a third term, which the opposition said violated the constitution as well as a 2005 peace deal that ended the civil war.  He won a vote largely boycotted by the opposition, but protests sparked a government crackdown that has killed more than 700 people, displaced over 400,000 to neighboring countries and left the economy moribund. The International Criminal Court is investigating whether pro-government forces committed war crimes including murder, torture and rape. Burundi, which has withdrawn from the court, is refusing to recognize the investigation.  Exiled opposition grouping CNARED said former Tanzanian president Benjamin Mkapa, who is facilitating the Nov. 28-Dec. 8 round of talks in Arusha, had not invited them.   We have always asked the facilitator to invite CNARED as an opposition bloc, but he has refused and rather decided to select some of our members who will take part to the dialogue without our consent,  said CNARED spokesman Pancrace Cimpaye. At the end of October, Burundi s cabinet adopted draft legislation seeking to change the current constitution to allow Nkurunziza to run for a fourth term in the 2020 election. The proposed amendments, likely to go to a referendum by next year, seek to abolish the two-term limit and lengthen the presidential terms to seven years.  CNARED says amending the constitution will worsen the crisis. 
This isn t just any church organization, this is a  church organization  that takes in $45 MILLION in taxpayer funds every year! Why do we give them so much money? Because they re bringing MOSTLY MUSLIM refugees into our country where they ll get housing, food, clothing, education and spending money with MORE of  OUR tax dollars. They ll also be fast-tracked to citizenship. What s the end goal? The fundamental transformation of America Ohio  peace and justice  groups getting ready to break the law and hide aliens from Obama illegal alien raids, click here.The recent Obama Administration order to round up illegal aliens (a tiny number!) and deport them is simply a ploy to fire up the No Borders movement, the Democrat base, in this all important election year.Church World Service will be hiding illegal aliens!Here is a story about the hard Left Church World Service, a federal refugee resettlement contractor, which uses $45 million of your dollars every year to change America by changing the people, is setting up hiding places throughout America where illegal aliens can be placed out of the reach of federal ICE agents.There should be a law, if you break federal immigration law, you lose your federal funding (come on wimps in Congress!).They want to resurrect the glory days (as they saw them) where churches broke the law and helped Central Americans get into America and then hid them until they could be spread out to towns across the US. It was called The Sanctuary Movement.***It is so apparent that this deportation order is part of a Democrat strategy, most likely cooked up in the White House, because (have you noticed!) no one blasts Obama personally (as they would if this were George Bush or Donald Trump).Religious groups and activists vowed Wednesday to offer refuge to illegal immigrants who are the targets of ongoing federal raids meant to combat a new wave of border-crossing from Central America.The announcement recalled the sanctuary movement of the 1980s that provided safe haven to several thousand people fleeing civil wars in El Salvador and Guatemala, with churches in Los Angeles, Chicago and other cities sometimes filled with people seeking asylum in the United States.At the start of the year, the Obama administration launched a large-scale effort targeting those who have already been ordered to leave the country. About 120 adults and children have been apprehended in raids in several states.Central American illegal aliens are NOT refugees. They do not fit the long-understood definition that a refugee or asylum seeker must prove they would be persecuted if they returned to their home country.Escaping poverty or run-of-the-mill crime is not persecution, but these NO Borders activists have been for years attempting to blur the definition. And, that is mostly because when someone is defined as a refugee all welfare goodies flow their way and they can then bring in the family they left behind. (Of course the WaPo isn t going to explain any of that to its readers!).The effort, which is expected to include several hundred more apprehensions, has drawn sharp criticism from those who advocate for undocumented immigrants. They argue that Central Americans who are entering the country illegally should be offered the same protections extended to Syrian refugees.Via: Refugee Resettlement WatchHere is the list of churches affiliated with the radical Church World Services group:Member CommunionsAfrican Methodist Episcopal Church African Methodist Episcopal Zion Church Alliance of Baptists American Baptist Churches USA Armenian Church of America (including Diocese of California) Christian Church (Disciples of Christ) Christian Methodist Episcopal Church Church of the Brethren Community of Christ The Coptic Orthodox Church in North America Ecumenical Catholic Communion The Episcopal Church Evangelical Lutheran Church in America Friends United Meeting Greek Orthodox Archdiocese of America Hungarian Reformed Church in America International Council of Community Churches Korean Presbyterian Church in America Malankara Orthodox Syrian Church Mar Thoma Church Moravian Church in America National Baptist Convention of America National Baptist Convention, U.S.A., Inc. National Missionary Baptist Convention of America Orthodox Church in America Patriarchal Parishes of the Russian Orthodox Church in the U.S.A. Philadelphia Yearly Meeting of the Religious Society of Friends Polish National Catholic Church of America Presbyterian Church (USA) Progressive National Baptist Convention, Inc. Reformed Church in America Serbian Orthodox Church in the U.S.A. and Canada The Swedenborgian Church Syrian Orthodox Church of Antioch Ukrainian Orthodox Church in America United Church of Christ The United Methodist Church
Miss Universe 1996 Alicia Machado is now an American citizen and will be voting for the first time this November, and it s become apparent who she ll likely be voting for, and it s not Donald Trump.You see, after Machado won her crown she gained a little bit of weight, which apparently did not please Trump, who is the man behind the pageant. He even called her  Miss Piggy  and said that she must be  somebody that likes to eat.  He then forced her to work out and try to lose weight.When asked if she d vote for Trump this fall, all Machado could do was laugh.When Hillary Clinton heard about the insults and the response to if Machado would vote for Trump, she tweeted out: Congratulations on becoming a U.S. citizen, Alicia. Enjoy casting that vote. Congratulations on becoming a U.S. citizen, Alicia. Enjoy casting that vote. https://t.co/jewmwZrrOA  Hillary Clinton (@HillaryClinton) May 20, 2016Very clearly insinuating that Machado will be voting against Trump, and most likely for Hillary Clinton.And honestly, what better revenge is that? That s called  karma,  Mr. Trump, and it s best served cold.Trump is as good for women as he is for hair care products   he clearly doesn t give a damn about either, and will say and do as he pleases no matter how ugly.Good on you Machado for standing up against Trump, and kudos to you, Hillary for embracing her.Featured Photo by Joe Raedle/Getty Images   video screen capture
 
LONDON/TOKYO (Reuters) - British Prime Minister Theresa May will look to ease corporate Japan s worries about Brexit during a three-day visit to the country from Wednesday focused on progress on a bilateral trade deal for when Britain leaves the European Union. May s first trip to Japan as prime minister comes at a difficult moment, with Japanese attention focused on North Korea s Tuesday missile test and Britain s Brexit negotiators recently on the receiving end of sharp criticism from EU officials. May will lead a 15-strong business delegation, including Standard Life Investment (SLA.L) chief executive Keith Skeoch, and carmaker Aston Martin s CEO Andy Palmer, pitching Britain and Japan as the  perfect partners for the future . She will meet Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe in Kyoto before traveling to Tokyo for an investment conference and banquet. May and Abe are due to speak publicly on Thursday following one-to-one talks.   My discussions with Prime Minister Abe will focus on how we can prepare the ground for an ambitious free trade agreement after Brexit, based on the EU-Japan agreement which I very much hope is nearing conclusion,  May said in a statement ahead of her departure. May will also discuss defense cooperation, describing Japan as  our closest security partner in Asia . She will become the first European leader to attend a meeting of Japan s National Security Council and will also visit its flagship helicopter carrier  Izumo  for a briefing with military officials. North Korea fired a ballistic missile over Japan s northern Hokkaido island into the sea early on Tuesday, prompting warnings to residents to take cover and drawing a sharp reaction from Abe. May also strongly condemned the launch. Japan s foreign ministry said the two leaders are expected to agree on the importance of China s role in ramping up pressure on North Korea. Japan has been unusually outspoken about its concerns that Britain s departure from the EU, which was decided by a public vote in 2016, could affect current and future Japanese investments in Britain. Britain is the second most important destination for Japanese investment after the United States, with firms like Nissan (7201.T), Toyota (7203.T) and Hitachi (6501.T) investing billions in carmaking, energy and transport.  During a visit to London by Abe in April, Britain said that Japanese companies had already invested over 40 billion pounds  ($52 billion) in the British economy. But Japan is also an important destination for British investment. Aston Martin said on Tuesday it will open an advanced product planning office next year in Japan to better understand the needs of Asian buyers and tap into new technologies.  The firm is hoping to boost demand from Japan and the United States partly as a way to mitigate against any risks from Brexit which could add costs and delays to the 15 percent of cars it currently sells into the European Union. Speaking ahead of May s visit, Japanese Deputy Chief Cabinet Secretary Yasutoshi Nishimura said Tokyo had to react to  a sense of crisis among businesses  over Brexit, and gather information about the British negotiating strategy. Britain has published a series of papers setting out how it wants to settle its divorce with the EU, and is pushing for talks to move on to discuss the future relationship between the two - something of critical importance to investors. But European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker insisted on Tuesday that the new relationship could not be discussed until initial differences had been resolved, and the EU s chief negotiator Michel Barnier said on Monday he was concerned at the slow progress made so far. Japan s foreign ministry said Abe is expected to ask May to maintain transparency and predictability regarding Brexit so that any impact on corporate activity will be minimized - echoing concerns Abe expressed in April about a Brexit cliff-edge. May s spokeswoman said the prime minister would reiterate Britain s position that it is seeking to agree a time-limited Brexit transition period after March 2019 to avoid a sudden change in trading and regulatory conditions for businesses.   What they will discuss in private I can t pre-empt, but that is our position and she ll be setting that out if he (Abe) asks,  the spokeswoman said.  ($1 = 0.7724 pounds) 
BERLIN (Reuters) - Chancellor Angela Merkel said German parties face a difficult task to bridge their differences in crunch coalition talks on Thursday, but she believes they can reach an agreement to work together in a new government.   We have very, very different positions,  she told reporters.  If it works - I think it can work - there can be a positive result at the end of today s negotiations. But this is a difficult task.  
Jesus f*cking Christ our President* is a moron. Not satisfied with simply wasting billions of taxpayer dollars on a border wall, The Donald wants it to be see-through too   not to preserve the view of scenery but because he s afraid people might be killed by gigantic sacks of drugs that are totally going to be thrown over it on a regular basis (thus negating his argument that the wall will somehow curb drug trafficking). As horrible as it sounds, when they throw the large sacks of drugs over, and if you have people on the other side of the wall, you don t see them they hit you on the head with 60 pounds of the stuff? It s over,  the President said aboard Air Force One Wednesday according to the official White House transcript.  As cray as that sounds, you need transparency through that wall. Trump says border wall with Mexico should be transparent so that people aren't killed when drug couriers throw 60-lbs. bags over it. pic.twitter.com/0GXJuHjPxs  Gregory Korte (@gregorykorte) July 13, 2017It s unclear if Trump actually said  cray  or if the White House stenographer made a typo, but the idea that we will be so beleaguered by so many flying 60-pound sacks of drugs that the border wall needs to be  transparent  is pretty  cray. Now, Trump could have argued that there are a number of reasons for  transparency    to see those dirty brownish people he hates coming, for instance. But he chose the dumb one that involves throwing a 60-pound bag of heroin over a 20-foot fence.Naturally, Americans find this hilarious:The bad hombres are very strong.  Juha (@juhasaarinen) July 14, 2017I imagined just this with  Acme  printed on the side.  TJ Shannon (@tjshannon13) July 14, 2017pic.twitter.com/43I0DR0lw8  Paul Vahamaa (@pvahamaa) July 14, 2017 a steel wall with openings  so that you can  see through that wall he knows he s describing a fence, right?  Tinz (@TinzRules) July 13, 2017Likelihood that Trump heard someone say  We need transparency on the building of the Wall  and didn t understand?  Patrick (@PatrickCragg) July 13, 2017Crushed by Giant Bag of Dope is pretty high on most people s Preferred Ways To Die list, I ve heard.  Just Dessert (@Love_CrimeDrama) July 13, 2017Crushed by Giant Bag of Dope was, in my opinion, Giant Bag of Dope s best album.  David J Britton (@Tyburn_Cross) July 13, 2017I want to meet the dealer that can toss a 60 lb bag over the wall or, do they use catapults?  nicefellow31 (@nicefellow31) July 13, 2017They prefer trebuchets, I m told.  Carly (@whatstudentloan) July 13, 2017The beauty of this, though, is if the bag misses your head  Hey! Free heroin!  Christopher Keelty (@keeltyc) July 13, 2017 Some areas that are so far away from the border? Some parts of the border are far away from the border? #wtf #cray  Matthew R. Kerns (@mattkerns) July 13, 2017So, these drug smugglers, they can toss 60 pound bags of coke over 20 foot walls, but can t climb a mountain?  High Quality Nephew (@JohnNephew) July 13, 2017 This piece of fence would be supes far away. You d have to be totes cray to cross there. So you fo sho don t need that.    def on fleek  Henkepotamus (@Henke2020) July 13, 2017You laugh but this is a serious problem. pic.twitter.com/1jGkVDGmt6  Erase Rewind (@EraseRewind1) July 13, 2017If there are people throwing 60 lbs sacks of stuff over high walls we should get them on our team.  Rich (@Argonzo) July 13, 2017So: you happen to stand next to a giant 900 mi. wall when BAM! You re hit with a 60 lb. bag of drugs tossed over this huge wall to no one??  Spooky Comet (@spookycomet) July 13, 2017one thing is right, this shit is cray  Ella s Girl (@ellasgirl7) July 13, 2017This can t possibly be real because . . . never mind. I m sorry, I forgot who we were referring to.   Kit Yona (@TheKitastrophe) July 13, 2017Wow. Vicious rivers and  cray  60-lb falling bags of heroin. Why would people stand next to the wall? Will there be a Starbucks?  Tom Brouns (@TAZMPictures) July 14, 2017Ask him to point out the  violent and vicious  rivers on a map. WTF is he talking about?  John Daws (@grajillas) July 13, 2017Who the F*ck is throwing 60lb sacks of drugs over the wall? Cause pretty sure they make some $$$ in pro sports!  R Goldman (@sttrzangel) July 14, 2017Where would Trump get the idea to tell Americans that criminals across the border are killing people with giant sacks of drugs? North Korean propaganda of course   or what seems like North Korean propaganda until you realize it s a parody account:Six innocent children killed by south Korean criminals hurling huge sacks of illegal drugs over inter-Korean demilitarized zone wall. pic.twitter.com/bfnNlBIs4e  DPRK News Service (@DPRK_News) July 13, 2017If you re thinking this is disgraceful even for Trump, you probably should be aware that we have not yet seen the depths to which he is willing to sink in his quest for power.We need to face the fact that our  President  is completely  cray  and let the GOP know they need to do their jobs and remove him from office now.featured image via Getty Images/screengrab
IF SHE S NOT TOAST NOW THEN WE RE IN BIGGER TROUBLE THAN I THOUGHT.  There s so much more to this whole thing and it s just getting worse for Bill and Hill. Chickens coming home to roost?Hillary Clinton s State Department was part of a panel that approved the sale of one of America s largest uranium mines at the same time a foundation controlled by the seller s chairman was making donations to a Clinton family charity, records reviewed by The Wall Street Journal show.The $610 million sale of 51% of Uranium One to a unit of Rosatom, Russia s state nuclear agency, was approved in 2010 by a U.S. federal committee that assesses the security implications of foreign investments. The State Department, which Mrs. Clinton then ran, is one of its members.Between 2008 and 2012, the Clinton Giustra Sustainable Growth Initiative, a project of the Clinton Foundation, received $2.35 million from the Fernwood Foundation, a family charity run by Ian Telfer, chairman of Uranium One before its sale, according to Canada Revenue Agency records.The donations were first reported in  Clinton Cash,  a new book by Peter Schweizer, an editor-at-large at a conservative news website, about the financial dealings of Mrs. Clinton and former President Bill Clinton. A copy of the book, set to be released next month, was reviewed by The Wall Street Journal. The book is to be published by HarperCollins, a division of News Corp., which also publishes the Journal.Via: Breitbart News