Venezuelan Car-Bomb Suspect Killed, Weapons Found  CARACAS, Venezuela (Reuters) - A Venezuelan lawyer  suspected in last week's bombing murder of a top state  prosecutor was killed in a gunfight with police on Tuesday  after he tried to ram detectives with his car and opened fire  on them, officials said.
British Muslims push to integrate They are working to repair an image tattered by homegrown radicals - and to find a place in mainstream society.
Ukraine set for talks on crisis Ukraine's president and opposition agree to hold talks, as huge protests over disputed elections continue.
Smoking killing millions globally \Smoking killed almost 5 million people around the world in 2000, researchers have calculated.
Outsource that reporter! Reuters journalists are said to be close to striking over the outsourcing of reporting jobs to India.
South Asian PMs to hold key talks Pakistani PM Shaukat Aziz is to continue dialogue with India in talks with counterpart Manmohan Singh.
Security Council visits DR Congo UN Security Council envoys are visiting eastern DR Congo, where UN troops maintain a fragile peace.
Chirac makes historic Libya trip French President Jacques Chirac is to go to Libya on Wednesday, for the first such visit since 1951.
Gimme some skin! Sure, the Nintendo DS portable game machine is a technical wonder, with its super-sensitive touch screen, built-in wireless capability and
Burma to relaunch democracy talks \Burma sets a new date for a constitutional conference seen as a first step towards democracy.
Football: Ferguson celebrates win Sir Alex Ferguson is "ecstatic" as Man Utd reach the Champions League knockout stage by beating Lyon.
Zimbabwe bans cricket journalists Zimbabwe denies British journalists entry - but England's tour still looks set to go ahead.
Sfor defends pursuit of Karadzic The Nato head in Bosnia defends efforts to detain Bosnian Serb leaders ahead of a war crimes report.
World leaders back Iraqi election World leaders end a conference on the future of Iraq with strong support for the January polls.
Hindu cleric faces fresh charge A Hindu cleric facing murder charges in southern India is also accused of ordering an attack on a former devotee.
40bn criminal networks targeted A new bill aimed at tackling organised crime will be published by the government on Wednesday morning.
UN probing charges of sex abuse by staff UNITED NATIONS -- The UN is investigating about 150 allegations of sexual abuse by UN civilian staff members and soldiers in the Democratic Republic of Congo, with some evidence recorded on videotape, a senior UN official said yesterday. The accusations include pedophilia and rape, said Jane Holl Lute, an assistant secretary general in the peacekeeping department. Lute said that there ...
In Colombia, Bush vows aid in drug war CARTAGENA, Colombia -- Under a security web of warplanes, battleships, and 15,000 troops, President Bush praised Colombia's battle against drugs and Marxist guerrillas yesterday and pledged to keep US aid flowing so that  quot;this courageous nation can win its war against narcoterrorists. quot;
U.S. Expanding Iraqi Offensive in Violent Area U.S., British and Iraqi troops began a new offensive sweep across a region south of Baghdad known as the triangle of death.
Rally Against Ukraine Vote Swells Opposition presidential candidate Viktor Yushchenko took a symbolic oath of office in his country's parliament Tuesday as supporters rallied to challenge official vote counts that gave an insurmountable lead to his opponent.
U.N. Election Workers Freed in Afghanistan Afghan officials denied Tuesday that they struck a deal with kidnappers who released three foreign U.N. workers unharmed in Kabul.
Iraq's Forbidding 'Triangle of Death' As the offensive against Fallujah ends, U.S. military commanders have begun turning their attention to other restive regions of Iraq, where an insurgency in Sunni Muslim-dominated areas has proved resilient, possibly endangering nationwide elections scheduled for Jan. 30.
Iraqi Prime Minister Encouraged to Meet Opponents An international conference on Iraq is expected to call on the government of Prime Minister Ayad Allawi to meet with its political opponents to encourage them to participate in the country's first democratic elections in January, according to a draft of the conference's final communique.
U.N. Hostages in Afghanistan Freed Three U.N. workers kidnapped in Afghanistan four weeks ago were released unharmed Tuesday, a day after a string of raids by U.S. and Afghan security forces.
Fatah Panel Nominates Ex-Premier for President The most important decision about who will run for president of the Palestinian Authority was made Monday by the Fatah movement's 15-member Central Committee, which nominated former prime minister Mahmoud Abbas as the group's presidential candidate for the Jan. 9 election.
26 Charged in Va. In Document Fraud  Law enforcement officials said yesterday that they have broken up the largest known document fraud ring in Northern Virginia, charging 26 people in a scheme to sell identification to thousands of Indonesian immigrants nationwide.
Venezuelan Car-Bomb Suspect Killed, Weapons Found &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; By Patrick Markey&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; CARACAS, Venezuela (Reuters) - A Venezuelan lawyersuspected in last week's bombing murder of a top stateprosecutor was killed in a gunfight with police on Tuesdayafter he tried to ram detectives with his car and opened fireon them, officials said.&lt;/p&gt;
Chavez Visit to Spain Sparks Coup Controversy &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; By Daniel Flynn&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; MADRID (Reuters) - Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez'sfence-mending visit to Spain sparked political uproar onTuesday when Madrid for the first time backed his allegationsthat the former Spanish government backed a coup against him.&lt;/p&gt;
Venezuelan Car-Bomb Suspect Killed in Shootout &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; By Patrick Markey&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; CARACAS, Venezuela (Reuters) - A Venezuelan lawyersuspected in last week's bombing murder of a top stateprosecutor was killed in a gunfight with police on Tuesdayafter he tried to ram detectives with his car and opened fireon them, officials said.&lt;/p&gt;
Controversial fund  #39;quite modest #39; claims chairman The controversial multi-million pound fund set up by key directors of MG Rover parent company Phoenix Venture Holdings was  quot;quite modest quot;, chairman John Towers has claimed.
Canada may put levies on US imports Canada may impose retaliatory duties on US imports for the first time since 1986, exposing strains in the world #39;s largest trading relationship.
UAL asks its pilots for steep cutbacks Senior United Airlines pilots would have to fly more hours each month and be away from home longer under a sweeping cost-cutting proposal by the ailing carrier.
Eisner testimony countered Walt Disney Chairman George Mitchell said he was asked to become company president before the job was offered to Michael Ovitz, disputing testimony by CEO Michael Eisner.
Wal-Mart will let Chinese union in SHANGHAI, CHINA - Under pressure from the Chinese labor federation, the world #39;s biggest retailer, Wal-Mart Stores, said Tuesday it would permit branches of the official Communist Party-controlled union in its Chinese stores if employees requested it.
Euro Near New High; Asian Stocks Gain (Reuters) Reuters - The dollar hovered near a record low\around  #36;1.31 per euro Wednesday but was steady against the yen\after Russia suggested it might buy more euros, while Asian\stocks rose on expectations of good earnings.
Package deals One day, Ed Blain hopes to deliver sermons from the pulpit. This holiday season, he's happy to help sort packages.
Comcast will raise cable rates in January In what has become as much of a Thanksgiving tradition as stuffed turkey and football, Comcast Corp. moved yesterday to raise New England cable television rates by an average 5.9 percent starting in January.
FDA backs new multiple sclerosis drug The Food and Drug Administration strongly endorsed Biogen Idec Inc.'s new multiple sclerosis treatment, putting the Cambridge firm in position to expand the market for MS drugs and win greater market share. The drug, formerly called Antegren but renamed Tysabri, was developed with Elan Pharmaceuticals of Ireland. The FDA approved Tysabri for use on its own and in ...
Iconic grilled cheese feeds Internet frenzy Diana Duyser will become \$28,000 richer today, stand at the center of a media spotlight, and embark on a nationwide tour starring herself -- and all it cost her was a 10-year-old sandwich.
Video game violence goes to next level What most adults might consider games for kids are anything but, say video game industry critics and two US senators. BY CHARLES HOMANS.
Symbian Says Skulls May Not Be Malware Symbian Ltd., the London-based maker of the Symbian operating system used on high-end smart phones from a variety of manufacturers, says reports of malware may be premature.
NASA Chief Sees Mandate for Bush Space Program The budget increase Congress just voted for NASA is a clear endorsement of President Bush #39;s plan to send astronauts back to the moon and later Mars, the head of the space agency said Tuesday.
IBM #39;s Solid Stake on the Desktop Its Workplace package is catching on with clients, and more software makers are signing on. Still, it #39;s no Windows smasher. IBM launched a bold foray into desktop computing last spring, when it took on Microsoft #39;s 
Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas Official Soundtrack Double CD November 23, 2004 - You gotta hand it to the folks over at Rockstar games. They certainly know how to milk a good thing to maximum effect.
Software License Costs to Soar in 2005 New evidence from Gartner Group suggests that software licensing costs could see an overall increase of roughly 50 in the next year.
Scientists mimic lotus plant to create self-cleaning clothing Sending your favourite suit to the dry-cleaners could one day be an infrequent practice when  quot;self-cleaning quot; clothing become the norm, thanks to progress in nano-technology, the American Chemical Society has said.
No end to news of brawl The brawl has been over for four days, but there #39;s still plenty to fight about. There was action on several fronts yesterday as the players, the teams, the fans, and law 
DWIGHT YORKE RACE TAUNTS: TWO IN COURT Two men will appear in court today accused of racial public order offences involving Birmingham striker Dwight Yorke. Yorke complained to police that he was taunted with monkey chants and other racist abuse 
Decision day arrives for Wenger to contest cheat remark LONDON: Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger was to decide later yesterday whether to contest a charge of improper conduct arising out of last months controversial clash with arch-rivals Manchester United.
Leverkusen let nervous Real off the hook says Augenthaler Coach Klaus Augenthaler believes Bayer Leverkusen let a nervous Real Madrid off the hook by allowing the Spanish side to grab a 1-1 Champions League draw on Tuesday.
Williams in Position for Return, But Likely Not to Miami NEW YORK - The bizarre journey of Ricky Williams will end right where it started - back in the NFL. But it #39;s unlikely he will return to the Dolphins.
Surprising Sonics 10-2 after beating T #39;wolves Rashard Lewis scored 27 points, Ray Allen added 24 and the SuperSonics again shot well from 3-point range in a 103-92 victory over the Minnesota Timberwolves on Tuesday night.
Cowboys pull away 90-65 STILLWATER, OKLA. - When Oklahoma State needs a spark, the Cowboys know just where to turn. John Lucas III scored 22 points - including three straight 3-pointers to break open a close game -nd No.
Labor welcomes terror arrests THE arrest of four Indonesians accused of carrying out the Australian embassy bombing in Jakarta was a positive breakthrough in the war against terrorism, Labor said today.
Abbas to defend rights of Palestinian refugees Palestinian presidential candidate Mahmoud Abbas has pledged to honour Yasser Arafat #39;s wishes and fight for the  quot;right of return quot; of Palestinian refugees to Israel.
Troops start new offensive near Baghdad About 5,000 US Marines, British troops and Iraqi forces began an offensive yesterday aimed at clearing insurgents from a cluster of dusty, small towns south of Baghdad.
Israeli officer: I was right to shoot 13-year-old child An Israeli army officer who repeatedly shot a 13-year-old Palestinian girl in Gaza dismissed a warning from another soldier that she was a child by saying he would have killed her even if she was three years old.
Euro Near New High; Asian Stocks Gain  SINGAPORE (Reuters) - The dollar hovered near a record low  around \$1.31 per euro Wednesday but was steady against the yen  after Russia suggested it might buy more euros, while Asian  stocks rose on expectations of good earnings.
Cabrera on the Sox' short list? The day after Orlando Cabrera beat his world champion teammates to meeting President Bush, Cabrera's agent said the Red Sox had yet to express any interest in re-signing the shortstop.
Gugliotta forced to take an injury timeout To say forward Tom Gugliotta walked gingerly around the court during shootaround yesterday morning would be an overstatement. Dealing with lower back pain, he could barely shuffle across the paint. So, it was a no-brainer when coach Doc Rivers decided to place Gugliotta on the injured list. The tougher decision was who would take Gugliotta's place.
This week's picks Westford over Acton-Boxboro -- This week at the Discovery Museum, check out the exhibit,  quot;Overcoming spectrophobia. quot;
We Need More Babies! The Continent's plummeting fertility rate is a time bomb, threatening economic growth and social welfare. But what can governments do about it? How states are trying to get people to have more kids
UK Telecoms Watchdog Might Relax 3G License Rules  LONDON (Reuters) - Britain might relax rules about the  speed at which mobile phone operators have to build out  third-generation (3G) networks as part of a radical overhaul to  throw open the highly-regulated market for radio frequencies.
How To Film A Phantom The screen version of the international stage hit is finally here. Can it revive the Hollywood musical?
US knew of 2002 plot on Chavez, papers show WASHINGTON -- The US government knew of an imminent plot to oust Venezuela's leftist president, Hugo Chavez, in the weeks before a 2002 military coup that briefly unseated him, newly released CIA documents show, despite White House claims to the contrary a week after the putsch.
Abbas vows no retreat from refugee demand RAMALLAH, West Bank -- Palestinian presidential candidate Mahmoud Abbas vowed yesterday never to give up the late Yasser Arafat's bedrock demand that Israel recognize a  quot;right of return quot; of Palestinian refugees.
Freed UN hostages prepare for trip home KABUL, Afghanistan -- Three UN workers held hostage for nearly a month were preparing to fly home after their release yesterday from an ordeal that suggested Taliban-linked militants are adopting the tactics of Iraqi insurgents.
Activists' tool for change in Iran: TEHRAN -- A new movement of passive resistance is quietly sweeping young people in Iran, a response both to the reform movement's failure to introduce political and economic change and conservatives' control over who can run for office, according to Iranian student leaders and political analysts.
Secure Iraqi borders endorsed; concern on US troops SHARM EL SHEIK, Egypt -- In the first regional conference on Iraq since the US-led invasion, 20 countries that had been sharply divided over the Iraq war agreed yesterday on several broad steps that would move the country toward a more secure future.
UN says children suffering the most GENEVA -- The fighting in Iraq is ''wreaking havoc quot; on the children, all but preventing relief groups from working in the country, the UN children's agency said yesterday.
PeopleSoft, Oracle standoff likely to continue The battle between Oracle and PeopleSoft is again at an impasse, with the possibility of a proxy fight that could continue into next spring.
U.K. deploys electronic image archiving in all hospitals General Electric and EMC have won a \$200 million deal to install electronic image archiving systems in 70 hospitals in the U.K., as part of an effort to centralize communications and modernize technology throughout the national health system.
Brief: HP to spend \$200M on layoffs Hewlett-Packard expects to spend \$200 million over the next six months on staff reductions, but it didn't say in which areas the cuts would take place.
CA officially taps Swainson for CEO job delays CA World Computer Associates today officially announced that John Swainson, an IBM veteran, has been named president and CEO-elect, as well as a member of the CA board.
Near-Time touts content management tool for Mac OS X The company's new Flow software aims to integrate information from various places under a single interface for ease of use and collaboration, and it generally works well, according to columnist Ryan Faas.
U.K. biometric ID card plan unveiled in the Queen's Speech The U.K. government is proposing legislation that would create a system of ID cards with embedded biometric identifiers that everyone living in the U.K. would be required to have by 2011 or 2012.
CA officially taps Swainson for CEO job, delays CA World Computer Associates today officially announced that John Swainson, an IBM veteran, has been named president and CEO-elect, as well as a member of the CA board.
HP quietly begins weblog experiment Hewlett-Packard is the latest IT vendor to try blogging. But analysts wonder if the weblog trend is the 21st century equivalent of CB radios, which made a big splash in the 1970s before fading.
Law may snag Philadelphia Wi-Fi rollout A proposed Pennsylvania law on its way to the governor's desk could pose a hurdle for Philadelphia's ambitious plan to provide broadband Wi-Fi service throughout the city by mid-2006.
Business Integration Glossary This comprehensive glossary provides a definition of terms related to business integration
Torvalds comes out against EU patent directive SAN FRANCISCO - Three prominent open source software developers, including Linus Torvalds, the creator of Linux, have issued a statement urging the European Union Council to reject proposed legislation that would codify the practice of granting software patents in the E.U.
Enterprise grid group adds Dell, two others The Enterprise Grid Alliance (EGA) on Nov. 30 plans to announce the addition of Dell, UBS Investment Bank, and value-added reseller Avarsys to its fold.
Observers find 201 e-voting problems in Maryland ANNAPOLIS, MARYLAND - Poll observers in about 6 percent of Maryland's precincts recorded 201 problems with electronic voting machines during the Nov. 2 general election, according to a report released Tuesday by TrueVoteMD.org.
EU judge calls meeting in Microsoft antitrust case The judge examining whether or not to suspend sanctions in the European Union's antitrust ruling against Microsofthas called a meeting to determine how the case should proceed following the withdrawal of two of its major participants.
HP to spend \$200M on layoffs Hewlett-Packard(HP) plans to spend \$200 million over the next six months on staff reductions, the company said Tuesday in a regulatory filing. It did not specify in the filing which business areas the staffing cuts would affect.
Thomson, VeriSign to build content security service Thomson said Tuesday that it is teaming up with VeriSignto build a digital authorization and authentication service that promises to secure delivery of content such as movies, music, and games.
AMD Releases New Mobile Sempron Will the chip maker ever overcome Intel's advantage in the notebook market?
Thomson, VeriSign Secure Multimedia Content Companies will offer a service that authenticates movies, music, and games.
Philadelphia Faces Wi-Fi Woes Proposed law could prevent the government from offering broadband access.
Are Desktop Search Programs Ready for Prime Time? Copernic Desktop Search does the work without Google's security flaws.
Rating Search Engine Disclosure Practices Which search engines are adequately disclosing their paid placement and paid inclusion practices? Which ones are failing to do so?  A new report offers some surprising insights.
Stocks bounce back from their mid-day slide Stocks shuffled to a mixed finish yesterday, rebounding from mid-day declines as oil prices retreated after surging past \$50 per barrel.
AOL NEARS SEC FRAUD DEAL The Time Warner Inc. chairman and CEO and his legal eagles are said to be close to a deal with the Securities and Exchange Commission and the Justice Department that would settle the dual 
FDA backs new multiple sclerosis drug The Food and Drug Administration strongly endorsed Biogen Idec Inc. #39;s new multiple sclerosis treatment, putting the Cambridge firm in position to expand the market for MS drugs and win greater market share.
Brokers #39; Gifts Investigated Securities regulators are opening up yet another front in their long-running investigation of the mutual fund industry, examining brokerage firms that allegedly gave mutual fund employees 
Advocacy group cites troubles in toyland They are sold with colorful names like  quot;Pals on the Go!, quot;  quot;Click Clack Train, quot;  quot;Kinderland Kimy Bathtime quot; and  quot;Flashing Star Wand.
AMD #39;s Sempron Set for Holiday Showdown with Centrino AMD has introduced its latest Mobile AMD Sempron processor 3000, which is designed for thin notebooks. Built to compete with Intel #39;s Centrino, the AMD processor offers Enhanced Virus Protection 
IBM signs desktop-software partners IBM has signed on 100 software companies to use software from its Workplace initiative, a plan to gain ground in desktop software.
Media watchdogs complain that video games are violent, oversexed This season #39;s blockbuster video games give players the opportunity to hijack cars, mow down the walking undead with heavy artillery and ogle topless women.
Citrix to Acquire SSL VPN Provider Citrix Systems Inc. on Tuesday announced that it is acquiring a small SSL (Secure Sockets Layer) VPN provider, a move that company officials hope will position Citrix as a major player in the remote-access market.
Donald Puddy, veteran NASA flight director Veteran NASA flight director Donald R. Puddy, who supervised Apollo, Skylab and early space shuttle missions from Mission Control, has died.
Fergie toasts 1 000 games Sir Alex Ferguson looked set to spend Wednesday with a splitting headache after threatening to toast his victorious 1 000th game in charge of Manchester United in epic fashion.
Hyypia Blasts  #39;Disgraceful #39; Decision Liverpool defender Sami Hyypia hit out at the refereeing decision which could rob Liverpool of a place in the last 16 of the Champions League.
Wenger stands by Ruud remarks Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger vowed to fight his Football Association misconduct charge as he defended his right to criticise Ruud van Nistelrooy in public.
Donovan decides to return to Germany New York, NY (Sports Network) - United States men #39;s national team captain and former San Jose Earthquakes midfielder Landon Donovan announced Tuesday he will return to Europe to continue his soccer career and development as a player.
SuperSonics 103, Timberwolves 92 Rashard Lewis scored 27 points, Ray Allen added 24 and the SuperSonics again shot well from 3-point range in a 103-92 victory over the Minnesota Timberwolves on Tuesday night.
Indonesian Police arrest Australian Embassy bombing suspect PETER CAVE: Police in Indonesia believe they #39;ve arrested the kingpin behind the bombing of the Australian embassy in Jakarta earlier this year.
HIV cases rise among women, report says Women are being infected with HIV at increasing rates in all regions of the world, and their numbers are now nearly equal to men, according to the United Nations and World Health Organization #39;s annual report on AIDS released Tuesday.
Iran sticks by belief that nuclear arms unIslamic: minister Iranian deputy foreign minister Gholamali Khoshrou denied Tuesday that his country #39;s top leaders were at odds over whether nuclear weapons were un-Islamic, insisting that it will  quot;never quot; make the bomb.
Black Watch ready for new offensive The Black Watch battalion is preparing to join US Marines and Iraqi forces in a major new offensive against insurgents. The operation - codenamed Plymouth Rock because it takes place around Thanksgiving - is 
Britain to issue first identity cards since World War II LONDON Invoking a global threat of terrorism, the British government announced plans on Tuesday to introduce national identity cards for the first time since the Second World War.
Hong Kong business more confident Business confidence is rising in Hong Kong with a third of companies saying that economic prospects will improve in 2005.
Easy brand 'close to mobile deal' Easy Group is near to closing a Deal with Deutsche Telekom to launch a UK mobile service, the Financial Times reports.
Home sales for month robust  #39;The ongoing stimulus of lower-than-expected mortgage interest rates was the primary driver of strong home sales in October. #39;.
Plasma TVs Lead Gadget Price Declines in Sept. -NPD Falling prices in September for plasma televisions and digital cameras sparked the biggest monthly decline in US consumer electronics prices in five months, according to an industry study prepared for Reuters.
Harvard handles BU Last Tuesday night, Harvard knocked off rival Boston College, which was ranked No. 1 in the country. Last night, the Crimson knocked off another 
Infocus: SSH and ssh-agent This article discusses how to take SSH Identity/Pubkey trust relationships to the next level, by using ssh-agent as a keymaster to manage a user's authentication needs automatically.
Pictures on the Go  #147;Carrying around a wallet full of pictures of the kids or the dog is so last year, #148; writes Cathy Lu in Digit.  #147;Apple #146;s iPod Photo makes it as easy to look at your most beloved pictures on the go as it is to listen to your favorite tunes. #148; Nov 23
Keeping Up with iPod  #147;I just received my sixth, an iPod photo, and if I loved my iPod before, I really love it now, #148; writes Bob LeVitus for the Houston Chronicle.  #147;The new iPod photo stores not only your songs, but also your digital pictures. The 2-inch color display is the best little color display I #146;ve seen, and I #146;ve heard many remarks about its clarity and rich, saturated images. Photos look amazing, and iPod photo stores and displays album art for songs which have cover art available. #148; Nov 23
Apple Certified Training Register now for Apple Certified Pro training at DV Expo West. Apple representatives are conducting classes on Apple #146;s high-end video and music applications, including Final Cut Pro HD, DVD Studio Pro, Motion and Logic, Dec 5-10.\ Nov 23
Shhh ... Do You Hear Gunfire? Police departments around the country turn to sound-analysis technology to detect and report gunshots. By Amit Asaravala.
Software Detects the True Artist Dartmouth College computer scientists create software that uses statistical techniques to authenticate art, to sort out real works from fakes. Their first finding: A painting purportedly by Perugino may have been done by four different artists. By Noah Shachtman.
Court Documents Not Fit for Web? States are rethinking their policy of publishing all court documents -- divorces, medical histories, arrests -- on the web. On one hand is the citizens' right to know how their government operates. On the other is their right to privacy. By Jacob Ogles.
A Kinder, Gentler Copyright Bill? The Senate passes a copyright bill that is not as bad as digital rights activists had feared. The bill drops language that would have banned tech that would have allowed people to skip commercials. By Katie Dean.
You, Too, Can Assassinate Kennedy Detractors are horrified, but the developer of a video game that lets players simulate the assassination of President Kennedy says the point is to bolster the lone-gunman theory and debunk the conspiracy theorists.
Suspicion of a Mad Cow Case Proves Unfounded, Tests Find A cow that tested positive last week on preliminary tests for mad cow disease has tested negative on the follow-up, the Agriculture Department announced.
Coloradans Vote to Embrace Alternative Sources of Energy Colorado voters approved a proposal this month mandating that 10 percent of the state's electricity must come from wind and solar power by 2015.
NASA Chief Sees Mandate for Bush Space Program The budget increase Congress just voted for NASA is a clear endorsement of President Bush's plan to send astronauts back to the Moon and later Mars, said Sean O'Keefe.
In a Land Torn by Violence, Too Many Troubling Deaths Colombia's Indian tribes are confronting a sudden rise in the suicide rate of their young members.
The Face of Nature Changes as Art and Science Evolve The idea that artists and scientists glare at each other across a cultural divide is mostly fiction, as the work of the printmaker Joseph Scheer makes abundantly clear.
Your Train Will Be Late, She Says Cheerily Amtrak's computer voice works on frayed nerves by remaining unshakably courteous and tirelessly chipper.
Judge Calls Conference on Microsoft The European Court of First Instance judge called an unexpected hearing to reconsider the evidence that can be used in the Microsoft antitrust case.
Cingular to Cut 7,000 Jobs to Trim Costs After Buyout Cingular Wireless, the nation's largest cellular phone company, plans to cut about 10 percent of its work force as a result of its purchase of AT T Wireless.
From Internet Arm Wrestling to the Magic of Math The renovated New York Hall of Science's new shows include one of the oldest (and best): "Mathematica," a show that continues to inspire wonder and persistent curiosity.
UN: N.Korea Sends Positive Message on Atomic Talks (Reuters) Reuters - North Korea gave a visiting U.N. official\a "very positive message" about resuming stalled six-way talks\on its nuclear programs, the South Korean Unification Ministry\said Wednesday.
Runway accident hampers aid bid Relief efforts in Indonesia hit a setback when Banda Aceh airport is closed to flights after an accident.
Warriors Beat Hornets 115-109 in 3OT (AP) AP - Speedy Claxton scored 21 points, including five free throws in the final 15 seconds of the third overtime, to help the Golden State Warriors beat the New Orleans Hornets 115-109 Tuesday night.
Criticism of U.S. Muted at Iraq Conference (AP) AP - Criticism of the United States was surprisingly muted at an international conference in Egypt that drew fierce opponents to the U.S.-led invasion.
Ntini spell sparks India collapse as test heads for draw (Reuters) Reuters - Fast bowler Makhaya Ntini grabbed three wickets to help bowl out India for 466 and give South Africa a 44-run first innings lead on the final day of the first test on Wednesday.
U.N. Battles Sex Abuse by Peacekeepers (AP) AP - Linked in the past to sex crimes in East Timor, and prostitution in Cambodia and Kosovo, U.N. peacekeepers have now been accused of sexually abusing the very population they were deployed to protect in Congo.
No More QB Controversy in Miami: Fiedler Goes on IR  MIAMI (Sports Network) - Miami Dolphins quarterback Jay  Fiedler was placed on injured reserve Tuesday with a herniated  disk in his neck, ending his 2004 season.
Stocks End Little Changed on Oil, Intel US stocks ended barely changed on Tuesday as a late retreat in oil prices pulled the market back from lows, although a broker downgrade of technology bellwether Intel Corp.
Oracle assails PeopleSoft board WALNUT CREEK, Calif. - Oracle Corp. executives, lobbying investors to support the company #39;s \$9.2 billion hostile takeover bid, came out swinging Monday against PeopleSoft Inc.
Behind the scenes at Eisner #39;s Disney When Michael Eisner took the helm at The Walt Disney Co. in 1984, he was so unschooled in boardroom etiquette that he sought out a copy of  quot;Robert #39;s Rules of Order, quot; the guide to parliamentary procedure.
Boston Scientific takes over Cook #39;s share of drug rights Bloomington (Star report) --Boston Scientific Corp. has obtained exclusive rights to sell the most popular coating on heart stents, taking over the share previously held by Cook Inc.
Multiple sclerosis drug approved The Food and Drug Administration on Tuesday approved a drug for multiple sclerosis that has shown early evidence of being more effective than existing drugs.
Kuwait Detains Soldiers for Plot Against U.S. Forces  KUWAIT (Reuters) - Kuwaiti security forces have detained up  to eight Kuwaiti soldiers suspected of plotting to attack U.S.  forces in the Gulf Arab state, a security source said on  Monday.
Why some see a hero in simple sandwich It #39;s an unlikely marriage of the sacred and the profane: a decade-old grilled cheese sandwich bearing the purported image of the Virgin Mary, sold to a gambling house that wants to tour the petrified snack around the country for charity.
HDTV: A shopper #39;s survival guide Flat or fat? EDTV or HDTV? LCD or plasma? Anyone who #39;s on the hunt for a new TV set these days knows getting a dream screen can be more confusing than the plotline of Days of Our Lives.
IBM adds fingerprint sensor to ThinkPads IBM has added biometric security to its ThinkPad notebook line, claiming the technology is now ready for prime time. IBM has added a fingerprint scanner to its T42 ThinkPad 
NO BABY BLUES FOR GOOSEN Retief Goosen has revealed that he almost decided not to make the trip to Hawaii after the birth of his daughter Ella last Friday.
Yorke: two due in court on race charges Two men are due in court over alleged racist abuse aimed at footballer Dwight Yorke. The Birmingham City striker made a complaint after a game against Blackburn Rovers on Sunday.
NCAA case no worry for Spurrier Shortly after Steve Spurrier arrived at Florida in 1990, the Gators were placed on NCAA probation for a year stemming from a child-support payment former coach Galen Hall made for a player.
Donovan bolts MLS for German soccer team Landon Donovan is leaving the San Jose Earthquakes to rejoin Bayer Leverkusen in Germany, a move that costs Major League Soccer its most successful player.
FOOTBALL: REAL NAZI DISGRACE SPANISH football fans shamed their country again last night by hurling racist abuse at Bayer Leverkusen players during the Champions League fixture at Real Madrid.
RUGBY UNION: NEVER AGAIN ENGLAND coach Phil Larder has threatened Australia with  #39;payback #39; when the world champions meet their favourite enemy at Twickenham on Saturday.
Yao #39;s effort fails to lift Rockets Chinese center Yao Ming had 29 points and nine rebounds but he could not save the Houston Rockets from the 102-96 defeat by the Sacramen to Kings Tuesday.
Notebook: Daniels making an impact MINNEAPOLIS - After a dozen games, Antonio Daniels has established himself as one of the favorites to win the league #39;s sixth-man award.
Kansas trounces outmanned St. Joseph #39;s St. Joseph #39;s picked a bad place and a terrible time to start life without guards Jameer Nelson and Delonte West. With the two stars who led the Hawks to an unbeaten 2003-04 regular season now in the NBA, St.
FIEDLER RULED OUT FOR SEASON Miami Dolphins quarterback Jay Fiedler will miss the remainder of the season with a herniated disk in his neck. Fielder, who started seven games and played in another for the 1-8 Dolphins, suffered the injury in Sunday #39;s game with the Seattle Seahawks.
Legacy is lesson on fighting terrorism If Yasser Arafat had died at birth, a Palestinian state would today likely be living side by side with a Jewish state, in peace. The Palestinian state would be called Jordan, which claimed and governed the 
Raids mounted in latest assault on Iraqi region US, British and Iraqi troops mounted raids yesterday in a swath of territory south of Baghdad in the fourth sizable assault since last month aimed at 
US Blames Darfur Rebels for Latest Upsurge in Violence US officials are blaming Darfur rebels for this week #39;s renewed violence in the troubled region of western Sudan. The Sudanese government says more than 30 of its policemen have been killed in Darfur clashes since Monday.
Ottawa talks of trade war against US OTTAWA -- Just a week before George W. Bush arrives for a feel-good visit with Paul Martin, Ottawa is talking tough about a possible trade war with the United States.
Global server sales up 5.5 in Q3 NEW YORK: Global computer server sales rose 5.5 per cent in the third quarter to \$11.5 billion (6.2 billion) from a year ago, but growth was flat in dollar terms from the second quarter, market research firm IDC has said.
Post-merger work force at Cingular to shrink 10 percent Cingular Wireless, the nation #39;s largest cellphone company, will cut about 10 percent of its 68,000 jobs over the next 12 to 18 months as it combines operations with the recently 
Auditor targets drugs, native training OTTAWA -- The federal government is wasting tens of millions on prescription drugs and its billion-dollar annual investment in native education is actually losing ground, Auditor-General Sheila Fraser said yesterday.
RBC sells Liberty Insurance to IBM TORONTO -- Royal Bank #39;s RBC Insurance is selling Liberty Insurance Services Corp., its US business process services division, to IBM Corp.
A pitch for presents of peace With only 30 shopping days till Christmas, there #39;s no time to lose. So here are some nifty gift ideas for the youngsters on your list: - JFK Reloaded.
Intel helping clients in Asia to use Linux Intel, the world #39;s biggest semiconductor maker, said it is helping Chinese and Indian customers build personal computers that use the Linux operating system, an alternative to Microsoft #39;s Windows software.
IBM #39;s  #39;most secure laptop #39;  Rs 95,000 IBM India has launched its first ThinkPad with an integrated fingerprint reader at prices beginning from Rs 95,000. ThinkPad, the most secure notebook PC, now features a model that delivers simplified access 
Ntini sparks Indian slump India collapsed on the final morning of the First Test in Kanpur but the game was certain to end in a draw. Resuming on 401 for four, the home side were bowled out for 466 to give South Africa a first innings lead of 44.
He #39;s one of a kind TORONTO -- All the batons had been twirled. The confetti had been shot into the air. The Arrr-gos chant had been repeated, oh maybe 100 times.
Actor Must Pay  #36;309,600 in Film Piracy Case (Reuters) Reuters - Warner Bros. has secured\a  #36;309,600 judgment against an actor for allegedly making\promotional "screener" copies of "The Last Samurai" and "Mystic\River" available for bootleg DVD copying and unauthorized\Internet trading, the studio said Tuesday.
Mexican Mob Kills Two Federal Agents (AP) AP - A crowd angry about recent child kidnappings cornered plainclothes federal agents taking photos of students at a school on Mexico City's outskirts and burned the officers alive, the latest example of mob justice in a country beset by corrupt police and high crime.
New mass offensive aimed at insurgents US, British and Iraqi forces are focusing this time on a hotbed south of the capital. BAGHDAD -- About 5,000 US marines, British troops and Iraqi commandos launched raids and arrested suspected insurgents 
SAVED FROM DEATH #39;S JAWS ..BY DOLPHINS DOLPHINS herded four swimmers together then scared off a great white shark which had moved in for the kill. The 10ft predator circled as lifeguard Ron Howes, his daughter Niccy, 15, and two of her friends took a dip.
Firefox Browser Takes Market Share From Microsoft's IE (TechWeb) TechWeb - Although Microsoft has nearly 90 of the browser market, its share is down a full five points since May of this year. Mozilla Firefox is doing the damage, with 5.6 million copies downloaded in the last two weeks.
Celtics Place Gugliotta on Injured List  BOSTON (Sports Network) - The Boston Celtics placed forward  Tom Gugliotta on the injured list Tuesday with lower back pain.
Congress Won't Block Tax-Return Provision (AP) AP - A proposal to let more lawmakers see income tax returns is going to stay alive into December, thanks to Democratic complaints over how the one-sentence provision was stuffed into a gargantuan spending bill.
Finalists Named for O'Brien Award  FORT WORTH, Texas (Sports Network) - Oklahoma quarterback  Jason White was one of three finalists announced Tuesday for  the Davey O'Brien Award as the nation's top quarterback.
Singh, Aziz Hold Talks After India-Pakistan Spat  NEW DELHI (Reuters) - Pakistan Prime Minister Shaukat Aziz  and his Indian counterpart Manmohan Singh on Wednesday began  talks that are expected to set aside a recent spat over  disputed Kashmir and give a push to a plodding peace process.
Black Boxes Recovered from China Lake Crash Site  BEIJING (Reuters) - Chinese divers searching an icy lake  have recovered the two flight recorders from a commuter jet  that crashed seconds after takeoff killing 54 people, Xinhua  news agency said Wednesday.
This pair not pulling punches The old order is passing in boxing and a potential new powerhouse has emerged. Timing always has been the ally of Oscar De La Hoya and Bernard Hopkins. It is what made the former a six-time world champion and the latter the undisputed middleweight champion through more successful title defenses than any fighter in history.
Turnaround propels Eagles Boston College had been given an early quarterfinal boot from the Big East tournament by the University of Connecticut three weeks ago, but thanks to sophomore back Sam Brill, whose family lives about a mile and a half from BC's home soccer field, it was the Eagles who prevailed by the same score of 1-0 yesterday afternoon in the second ...
Harvard handles BU Last Tuesday night, Harvard knocked off rival Boston College, which was ranked No. 1 in the country. Last night, the Crimson knocked off another local foe, Boston University, 2-1, at Walter Brown Arena, which marked the first time since 1999 that Harvard had beaten them both in the same season.
Huskies line up to score One line did most of the work as the Northeastern men's hockey team defeated Merrimack, 5-1, in a Hockey East contest last night in North Andover.
Transactions BASEBALL Baltimore (AL): Named Jim Richardson, Mark Ralston and James Keller scouts. Cleveland (AL): Signed Ps Kenny Rayborn and Jake Robbins and OF Ernie Young to minor league contracts. Los Angeles (NL): Purchased contracts of INF Brian Myrow and OF Jason Repko from Las Vegas (PCL), Ps Franquelis Osoria, Ryan Ketchner, and Derek Thompson from Jacksonville (SL), and C Russell ...
Third-seed Schuettler crashes out of Chennai Open (AFP) AFP - The ATP Chennai Open tennis tournament began on a dramatic note when unfancied Frenchman Oliver Patience knocked out third-seeded Rainer Schuettler of Germany in the first round.
Baghdad Suicide Car Bomb Kills at Least Four (Reuters) Reuters - A suicide car bomb exploded on Tuesday\at a police post near an entrance to the fortified Green Zone\complex in Baghdad, killing at least four people, a policeman\at the scene said.
Skulls trojan targets Symbian smartphones A new trojan on the internet attacks the Nokia 7610 smartphone and possibly other phones running Symbian Series 60 software.  quot;We have located several freeware and shareware sites offering a program, called 
UEFA CHAMPIONS LEAGUE MONTE CARLO, November 23 (Champions League) - A controversial Javier Saviola goal left Liverpool #39;s hopes of a place in the Champions League second round hanging by a thread as Monaco claimed all three points in the Principality.
CARROLL #39;S COCK-UP ON A VERY GRAND SCALE WHEN he switches on the television on a Saturday night Sir Alex Ferguson must cringe at the sight of Peter Schmeichel in the pundit #39;s chair.
Question and Answer Carol Williams, a family nurse practitioner and director of women #39;s services at the McDowell Healthcare Center in Phoenix, talks about World AIDS Day, Dec. 1. This year #39;s focus is on women and girls.
3 Kidnapped UN Workers Are Released in Kabul The release of three United Nations workers who had been held hostage for more than three weeks took place early Tuesday in what appeared to be an orchestrated handover.
Japan will never war with China: PM SANTIAGO: Japanese Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi said Monday his country would never go to war with China and that bilateral ties were satisfactory.
Sounding the alarm over too-loud toys The growth in electronic toys that sing, provide realistic sound effects and make other noises has led to yet another hazard for children, a consumer advocate group said Tuesday.
Dell puts Sun in shade on server share MARKET RESEARCH firm IDC said that revenues in the worldwide server market grew by 5.5 per cent in the third quarter of this year, valued at \$11.5 billion.
Nokia smart phones under attack LONDON: All Nokia smart phones need to be on a watch out now, as a malicious wallpaper programme which hijacks the main page of the 7610 handset is on the prowl.
XFce 4.2 - the Future is Now! No doubt, all of you have heard of Xfce and those who haven #39;t will hear about it soon anyway. I remember trying out Xfce for the first time back on SuSE 9.0.
Monaco 1, Liverpool 0 Fuming Rafael Benitez slammed the controversial Monaco goal which left his Liverpool side in desperate danger of missing out on the Champions League second round.
Fergie #39;s Keepers: the Good, the Bad, the Awful Roy Carrolls blunder in Manchester Uniteds Champions League victory over Lyon at Old Trafford last night almost put a dampener on Sir Alex Fergusons 1,000th match in charge of the club.
Minority hiring activists miffed over USC  #39;search #39; When South Carolina hired former Florida coach Steve Spurrier on Tuesday without conducting an organized search that included more than one candidate, it didn #39;t sit well with the Black Coaches Association.
ADV: Term Life Insurance - For Peace of Mind ReliaQuote can bring you the peace of mind of term life insurance. Compare rates from top-rated life insurance companies online in minutes. Save up to 70 #37;. It couldn #39;t be easier!
China deal could see production increase THE head of MG Rover has held out the prospect of increased production at the car giant #39;s UK factory under plans to link up with China #39;s biggest auto manufacturer.
Tomkins in focus in quiet start to London trading An agreed bid for aiports operator TBI was the most notable feature for investors in a flat open to trading in London on Wednesday.
Martha wings it for 1st jail Thanksgiving There probably will not be any polished silver, napkin rings or acorn craft centerpieces, but Martha Stewart #39;s Thanksgiving is sure to be unique this year.
Pornographer sues Google A California-based pornographer says it has sued Google, alleging that its leading internet search engines are illegally allowing people to view hijacked versions of its nude photos and to access its website with stolen passwords.
Yorke staying at Birmingham City Football Club Doubts had arisen over Yorkes future at St Andrews following the racial abuse he suffered at the hands of two Blackburn Rovers fans at Ewood Park over the weekend.
Reds give Ferguson anniversary present Manchester United gave Alex Ferguson a 1,000th game anniversary present by reaching the last 16 of the Champions League yesterday, while four-time winners Bayern Munich romped into the second round with a 5-1 beating of Maccabi Tel Aviv.
Lethargy helps  #39;Cats #39; historic win, 91-89 The Pistons ended up on the wrong side of history Tuesday night at the Charlotte Coliseum. They became the first defending NBA champion to lose to an expansion team since 
Middle East ; Iran Rules Out Complete Nuclear Dismantling  quot;Americans also have no right to raise something like this, quot; he said, adding that Iran had never used its nuclear power program for weapons production.
Four saved from death #39;s jaws  by a pod of dolphins FOUR swimmers confronted by a great white shark off the coast of New Zealand were saved by dolphins that came to their rescue. The three-metre (10ft) shark came 
Hearing Set After Microsoft Rivals Quit  BRUSSELS (Reuters) - The judge considering Microsoft  Corp.'s appeal against European Union sanctions has convened a  closed meeting for Thursday after two more major opponents of  the U.S. software giant withdrew from the case, a court  spokesman said on Wednesday.
British Airport Owner TBI OKs Takeover British airport operator TBI PLC said Wednesday it has agreed to a takeover by Spanish transport and communications company Abertis and Spain #39;s national airport authority Aena.
Toy makers, interest groups disagree on safety WASHINGTON -- In an exercise that #39;s become as much a Thanksgiving tradition as turkey and football, the federal government and private interest groups yesterday released lists of dangerous toys and graphic video games they say should be avoided by young 
Canada Mulls Trade Sanctions Against US Canada said on Tuesday it was considering whether to slap trade sanctions on a wide range of US imports to retaliate for Washington #39;s refusal to abandon a controversial anti-dumping law.
Gold Fields acceptances up  Harmony The number of acceptances received from world number four gold miner Gold Fields #39; shareholders is increasing, marketing director for world number four gold miner Harmony Ferdi Dippenaar said on Wednesday.
\$28,000 for mother of all sandwiches A grilled-cheese sandwich said to bear the image of the Virgin Mary has been sold for \$28,000 in an eBay auction, according to the online casino that bought it from a woman in Hollywood, Fla.
Intel aims for Microsoft #39;s Linux jugular CHIP GIANT Intel is making a concerted attempt to push the Linux OS in China and India, countries with citizens numbering over two billion.
The VHS is Dead Ronnie Coote writes  quot;The UK #39;s largest retailer of electronics is phasing out VHS VCRs. Sales of DVD players have outstripped VCRs by 40-to-1 recently.
Pakistani and Indian prime ministers hold rare talks in New Delhi Amid repeated cautions that no breakthrough was expected, the prime ministers of India and Pakistan came together Wednesday for a rare meeting, despite tough positions stated 
Bhutto wants to return to Pakistan Benazir Bhutto has demanded the right to return to Pakistan, a day after her husband #39;s release on bail after eight years in jail, the BBC reported Tuesday.
Hearing Set After Microsoft Rivals Quit (Reuters) Reuters - The judge considering Microsoft\Corp.'s appeal against European Union sanctions has convened a\closed meeting for Thursday after two more major opponents of\the U.S. software giant withdrew from the case, a court\spokesman said on Wednesday.
Parents need to understand video games: expert A US group released its annual warning about antisocial video games, but a University of Toronto professor says he #39;s only really worried about a very narrow category of such interactive entertainment.
Naming Mount St. Helens New Dome Confusing (AP) AP - A dome by any other name would erupt so strong. But, alas, what's in a name might have tormented Shakespeare as it has even the most savvy of scientists.
Tiny carbon cylinders set record Researchers at Oxford and Nottingham universities create the smallest "test tubes" known to science.
S.Africa Says Thatcher Must Answer Equatorial Guinea (Reuters) Reuters - Mark Thatcher must\submit to questioning in a South African court this week over\charges he was involved in a foiled coup plot in oil-rich\Equatorial Guinea, the Cape High Court ruled Wednesday.
India, Pakistan differ over gas pipeline from Iran (Reuters) Reuters - India said on Wednesday that a proposed  #36;4-billion gas pipeline from Iran via Pakistan could be built only if overall economic ties with Islamabad improved, but Pakistan said the project itself could boost relations.
Tiny carbon cylinders set record Researchers at Oxford and Nottingham universities make it into the record books by creating the smallest "test tubes" known to science.
How lizards walk on water The mystery of how a type of lizard "walks" on water may have been solved, a group of US scientists believe.
'Sympathy' for England over tour World cricket boss Ehsan Mani hints England could pull out of Zimbabwe without penalty.
FDA Approves a Multiple Sclerosis Drug The Food and Drug Administration yesterday approved a drug for multiple sclerosis that has shown early evidence of being more effective than existing drugs.
Web holiday shopping up 25 in 2004 U.S. online retailers rang up holiday sales of \$23.2B between Nov. 1 and Dec. 26, up 25 from the same period in 2003, according to a survey released today by Goldman Sachs, Harris Interactive and Nielsen/NetRatings.
Red Cross tsunami victims' Web site overwhelmed A Red Cross Web site designed to help relatives locate survivors of last week's Indian Ocean tsunami partially crashed last week after being overwhelmed by traffic in its first 24 hours, a spokesman said.
Wenger will not yield Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger has vowed to fight his FA misconduct charge as he defended his right to criticise Ruud van Nistelrooy in public.
Liverpool #39;s Luis Garcia out for up to a month Liverpool #39;s Spanish midfielder Luis Garcia will be out of action for up to a month after limping off with a hamstring injury after just two minutes of their 1-0 Champions League defeat in Monaco on Tuesday.
FERGIE READY TO RING CHANGES Manchester United boss Sir Alex Ferguson will rest some of his star players for the final Champions League group game against Fenerbache on December 8. With qualification to the last 16 assured after Tuesday 
Iowa upends No. 15 Texas Pierre Pierce hit a 25-foot jumper with 44 seconds left to give Iowa the lead for good, and the Hawkeyes beat No. 15 Texas, 82-80, last night in the semifinals of the Maui Invitational.
RuSPORT teleconference transcript Q: You mentioned several times about chemistry being so important. Whenever you get a group of demanding people together, it is extremely important.
Kabul kidnappers release three UN workers The Afghan government denied making a deal with the kidnappers who released three UN hostages after four weeks in captivity yesterday.
Indonesian police arrest Australian embassy bombers Jakarta (VNA) - Indonesian National Police Chief General Da #39;i Bachtiar said on Tuesday that the police had captured the alleged perpetrators of the bomb blast in front of the Australian embassy in Kuningan, South Jakarta, on Sept.
Malki: Abu Mazen should oversee transition If Marwan Barghouti really wants to be chairman of the Palestinian Authority, he should withhold his candidature at this time and allow Mahmoud Abbas (Abu Mazen) to take responsibility for the transition into the post-Arafat era.
US shutters Mumbai offices The United States closed diplomatic offices in the Indian commercial hub of Mumbai Tuesday. Its action was based on intelligence that terrorists may be planning attacks on US interests in New Delhi 
Guardian panel Nobody is quaking The Guardian panel, broadly representative of people across Britain, was established in the run-up to the last general election. In 2001 most of the respondents, after some reservations, backed Labour.
Chinese crash black boxes found The flight recorders from a plane that crashed in northern China at the weekend, killing 55 people, have been found after a three-day search.
County plant to produce MS drug Biogen Idec and Irish drugmaker Elan Corp. won government approval yesterday to sell a new multiple sclerosis drug, Tysabri. The drug, which some analysts predict will bring in \$2 billion 
What happened to the Chiefs? In August in River Falls, Wis., it was raining. A feeling of unease came over Dick Vermeil. Coaches are sensitive to what others would regard as of little importance, none more so perhaps than the emotional Vermeil.
UN: N.Korea Sends Positive Message on Atomic Talks The South Korean Unification Ministry said Nov. 24, 2004, that North Korea gave a visiting UN official a  #39;very positive message #39; about resuming stalled six-way talks on its nuclear programs.
Dollar keeps falling against euro The dollar hits yet another record low against the euro on Wednesday amid speculation Russia may increase reserves of the single currency.
Hearing Set After Microsoft Rivals Quit The judge considering Microsoft Corp. #39;s appeal against European Union sanctions has convened a closed meeting for Thursday after two more major opponents of the US software giant withdrew from the case, a court spokesman said on 
Skulls: is it a malware for Symbian based devices or not? Symbian downplayed current reports of a new malware developed specifically for smartphone devices based on Series 60, a platform developed by Nokia and based on the Symbian OS.
PARCELLS LOOKS FOR BETTER Bill Parcells had a bad first Thanksgiving Day experience as coach of the Dallas Cowboys but is hoping for a better one this year when the Chicago Bears visit Texas Stadium.
Shaun Rogers Emerges As One of NFL's Best (AP) AP - Shaun Rogers is in the backfield as often as some running backs. Whether teams dare to block Detroit's star defensive tackle with one player or follow the trend of double-teaming him, he often rips through offensive lines with a rare combination of size, speed, strength and nimble footwork.
Russian Scientist Jailed for Spying for China (Reuters) Reuters - A Russian scientist convicted of spying\for China was sentenced to 14 years in a high security jail\Wednesday, Russian news agencies reported.
Australia welcomes arrest of embassy bomb suspects The Australian Government has welcomed the arrests of four key suspects in the bombing of Australia #39;s embassy in Jakarta in September.
S.Africa Says Thatcher Must Answer Equatorial Guinea Mark Thatcher must submit to questioning in a South African court this week over charges he was involved in a foiled coup plot in oil-rich Equatorial Guinea, the Cape High Court ruled Wednesday.
Court Sentences Russian Scientist Danilov to 14 Years for &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; A court in the Krasnoyarsk Territory, Siberia, on Wednesday sentenced Russian physicist Valentin Danilov to 14 years in prison for spying for China.
Spurrier Takes Over at South Carolina (AP) AP - Steve Spurrier might give his brash, visor-throwing style an overhaul now that he has returned to college football.
Ukraine Opposition Marches on President's Office  KIEV (Reuters) - Tens of thousands of Ukrainian opposition  supporters marched on the president's office on Tuesday seeking  to install their leader in office, defying poll results they  said had been rigged by a pro-Moscow government.
Chavez Visit to Spain Sparks Coup Controversy  MADRID (Reuters) - Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez's  fence-mending visit to Spain sparked political uproar on  Tuesday when Madrid for the first time backed his allegations  that the previous government supported a coup against him.
Straw begins Middle East mission UK Foreign Secretary Jack Straw arrives in Israel for two days of talks with Israeli and Palestinian leaders.
Conference Urges Iraq To Involve Opposition Representatives of two dozen nations and international organizations attending a conference on the future of Iraq pressed the country's interim government Tuesday to work harder to encourage opposition forces to participate in elections scheduled for January.
Medics Testify to Fallujah's Horrors  FALLUJAH, Iraq -- The first time Jose Ramirez saw a human body ripped apart by a rocket, it took hours for him to regain his composure. Nothing in his training as a Navy medical corpsman had prepared him for the sight of the dead Marine brought in September to the military field hospital outside Fallujah.
Report: HIV Spreading Faster Among Women The epidemic of human immunodeficiency virus  infection is growing more rapidly in women \than in men in almost every part of the world, according to a new report.
Lost Generation Coddles Its Young As a growing economy produces new wealth and a spreading middle class in China, the epochal Cultural Revolution has receded to the distant past in just one generation.
Pennsylvania Turnpike workers go on strike Toll collectors and other Pennsylvania Turnpike workers went on strike Wednesday, union officials said. The strike began in the pre-dawn hours of the day before Thanksgiving, one of the busiest travel days of the year.
United Marks Ferguson Milestone With Champions League Success Alex Ferguson said Manchester United #39;s best form is returning after the team marked his 1,000th game as manager by reaching the single-elimination stages of soccer #39;s Champions League for the eighth straight year.
ON FOOTBALL Parcells had a plan, and he stuck with it Watching Parcells use the media this week provided another example of why he #39;s one of the greatest coaches in NFL history. Parcells has used his regular news conferences to send messages to 
Freed hostages meet Karzai and smiled for photographers after discussing their captivity with him at his presidential palace in Kabul. Reporters were not allowed to ask questions, but Nayan said he was well and grateful for the support he received from home.
Thatcher: I feel like a corpse in a river Sir Mark Thatcher today told how his life had been  quot;destroyed quot; by charges that he helped finance a failed African coup. The son of former prime minister 
Palmer: Americans Need to Widen Horizons  SYDNEY (Reuters) - Arnold Palmer has taken a swing at  America's top players, criticizing their increasing reluctance  to travel abroad to play in tournaments.
Mass. home sales fall 5.3 Offering evidence of a possible shift in the housing market, the Massachusetts Association of Realtors reported yesterday that sales of single-family homes fell for the third straight month in October and that the number of homes and condos on the market is up 7.6 percent from a year ago.
Amid suburban glut, project rises It may not look monumental. But the fact that it's happening is significant.
Skinner gets shareholders #39; vote of confidence Investors gave new McDonald #39;s Corp. Chief Executive Jim Skinner a vote of confidence Tuesday, driving the company #39;s shares up 72 cents to \$30.10, a 2.45 percent gain, the day after Charlie Bell resigned the top job.
Elan gets FDA approval for Tysabri MS treatment LONDON (CBS.MW) -- Elan (UK:ELA) (ELN) and partner Biogen (BIIB) said the FDA has approved new drug Tysabri to treat relapsing forms of multiple sclerosis.
Illinois group warns parents of potentially dangerous toys As the holiday season gears up, consumer advocates are again warning parents to do their homework and be vigilant about keeping dangerous toys out of the hands -- and mouths -- of kids.
US braces for trade backlash WASHINGTON - The World Trade Organization is set to give the go-ahead today for sweeping retaliation against the United States from Canada, Europe and others for its continuing refusal to dismantle illegal trading laws.
 #39;Gold Fields acceptances up #39; increasing, marketing director for world number four gold miner Harmony (HAR) Ferdi Dippenaar said on Wednesday. However, Dippenaar wouldn #39;t disclosure the exact level of acceptances received from Gold Fields #39; shareholders.
Cingular To Cut 10 Percent of Workforce ATLANTA - With the merger of AT amp;T Wireless complete, Cingular is making plans to cut its 68,000-person workforce by 10 percent, the companys CEO told The Associated Press on Tuesday.
Airgo Says Linksys to Use Chips for Wireless Gear  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Airgo Networks said on Monday the  Linksys unit of Cisco System Inc. will use its chips in  equipment for high-speed wireless networking, bolstering  support for the start-up chip maker's technology.
Copycat killer of JFK to net \$100,000 A new downloadable computer game is offering online gamers a jackpot of \$100,000 for the most accurate interactive copycat killing of President John F. Kennedy.
First malicious virus invades cellphones A virus has struck Nokia smartphone users. Once downloaded, the virus, called Skulls, replaces all phone desktop icons with images of a skull.
NASA #39;s O #39;Keefe to meet Chinese space agency chief The head of the Chinese space agency, Laiyan Sun, will meet for the first time with NASA Administrator Sean O #39;Keefe Dec. 2 in Washington for an  quot;informal quot; session.
AMD launches Sempron for low power notebooks AMD has released the Mobile AMD Sempron processor 3000  #39;for Thin and Light Notebooks #39;. The low-power processor is aimed at entry-level notebooks, as opposed to the 3000 Mobile AMD Sempron Processor for Full-Size Notebooks.
Playing the Touching Game Think fast -- Mario #39;s plummeting to Earth, and there #39;s nothing for the poor little guy to hang onto. So you take your stylus and draw him a trampoline.
Two fans charged for racial taunt of Yorke Two men were charged with public disorder Tuesday for for alleged racially taunting Birmingham City striker Dwight Yorke, police said.
ROUND-UP United through put Liverpool falter Roy Keanes Manchester United booked their place in the knock-out stages of the Uefa Champions League with a victory at home to French champions Olympique Lyonnais on Tuesday, but Liverpool were defeated by their own French nemeses, last seasons 
Lucas sparks Oklahoma State John Lucas III scored 22 points, Joey Graham added 16 and No. 6 Oklahoma State pulled away in the second half to beat Arkansas-Little Rock 90-65 Tuesday night.
Carmelo Up Close com. DENVER (News 4) Denver Nuggets star Carmelo Anthony says he has a tactic when he finds himself in frustrating situations with opposing fans.
Powell hails tsunami relief bid US Secretary of State Colin Powell pledges America's full support for the tsunami aid effort, as he visits Thailand.
Professor Spurrier back in college; get ready to take notes The NFL made him look inferior. His old school wanted him to stand in line and take a number. The more things change, the more Steve Spurrier remains the same.
Dolphins save swimmers from shark attack A school of Dolphins has saved a group of swimmers from a great white shark attack. The amazing rescue happened when lifeguard Rob Howes took his daughter and her friends for a swim off the northern New Zealand coast.
Ex-Israeli army chief drowns Former Israeli army chief of staff Rafael Eitan has died after drowning at Ashdod Port, south of Tel Aviv. He was 75. Eitan reportedly fell from a breakwater structure into 
DRC: UN sex abuse probe teams arrive in the Congo NAIROBI, 24 Nov 2004 (IRIN) - The UN has sent two teams to investigate 150 allegations of sexual exploitation and abuse by civilian and military personnel serving in the Democratic Republic of the Congo (DRC), a senior UN official in New York City told 
Russia jails scientist for spying A Russian physicist convicted of spying for China has been jailed for 14 years by a court in Siberia. Valentin Danilov was cleared in 2003 of passing space secrets to China, but the result was later overturned.
World Bank warns Sri Lanka to watch taxes, peace bid (AFP) AFP - The World Bank has welcomed Sri Lanka's move to boost tax revenues and pump money into rural areas, but warned a return to war with separatist Tamil rebels could be disastrous for economic stability.
Airport back in Ivory Coast hands French troops in Ivory Coast pull back from some of their positions at the main airport in the largest city, Abidjan.
Housing report slams US and Sudan The US, Russia and Sudan are accused of being the biggest violators of housing rights.
China stresses N Korea 'stable' \A senior Chinese official bolsters ally North Korea, amid contradictory reports of possible changes.
How good is UK.gov at its &lt;em&gt;own&lt;/em&gt; security agenda? &lt;strong&gt;Comment&lt;/strong&gt; Joined-up thinker wanted
Grenade blast in Kashmir wounds six (Reuters) Reuters - Separatist militants threw a grenade at a paramilitary picket in Indian Kashmir on Wednesday, wounding six civilians, a police officer said.
Pacers Give Fans Something to Cheer About (AP) AP - The Indiana crowd jumped to its feet with a jubilant roar when Jamaal Tinsley scored off a steal by Fred Jones in the third quarter. After a long weekend of enduring the embarrassing fallout from their brawl in Detroit, the Pacers used a makeshift lineup and gave their fans plenty to cheer about.
More injury woe for Liverpool boss Rafael Benitez is without Luis Garcia for up to a month as his injury list lengthened last night. Garcia suffered a hamstring injury in the first half of the 1-0 Champions League defeat at Monaco and will be sidelined until around Christmas time.
Golovin gives Fed Cup holders France 1-0 lead Tatiana Golovin, making her Fed Cup singles debut, beat Anabel Medina Garrigues 6-3 6-3 to give under-strength champions France an early 1-0 lead in their semi-final against Spain on Wednesday.
Parcells hints Henson has good chance of opening at QB Dallas Cowboys coach Bill Parcells shied away from serious talk about rookie Drew Henson playing quarterback in Thursday #39;s game in a conference call with Chicago media Tuesday, but admitted to hometown writers there is a  quot;good chance #39; #39; he will make his 
Bradley slips past Loyola; Iowa upends No. 15 Texas Marcellus Sommerville scored 27 points, grabbed 12 rebounds and stole the ball three times Tuesday night to spark Bradley #39;s 64-62 victory over Loyola in Peoria.
Spurrier back in the game Steve Spurrier might give his brash, visor-throwing style an overhaul now that he has returned to college football. Spurrier took over yesterday at South 
Red Sox putting fans #39; cash into Fenway revamp A day after rolling out another hike to baseball #39;s priciest tickets, Red Sox brass scrambled to show the Nation #39;s faithful that the extra cash will be put to good use.
Auburn Defeats Virginia Tech in Sugar Bowl  NEW ORLEANS (Sports Network) - Jason Campbell passed for  195 yards and a touchdown, Auburn's defense solidified its  status as one of the nation's toughest, and the third-ranked  Tigers completed the first perfect season in school history  with a 16-13 victory over No. 9 Virginia Tech in the Sugar  Bowl.
Indonesia Arrests Four Suspects in Embassy Blast Indonesian police have arrested four suspects, among them a bomb-maker, over a blast outside the Australian embassy in Jakarta that killed 10 people in September, police chief Da #39;i Bachtiar said Wednesday.
International Iraq conference, window-dressing Many words, little action from international conference which was meant to help solve bloody violence in Iraq. By Marc Burleigh - SHARM EL-SHEIKH, Egypt.
Palestinian economy  #39;in decline #39; Despite a short-lived increase in Palestinian jobs in 2003, the economy is performing well below its potential, said a World Bank report.
No. 7 Stanford Beat Eastern Washington (AP) AP - Candice Wiggins scored 18 points and No. 7 Stanford defeated Eastern Washington 91-50 Tuesday night in the semifinals of the Great Alaska Shootout.
Elan Corp. Shares Jump on US Drug OK Shares in Elan, Ireland #39;s major pharmaceutical company, jumped nearly 3 percent Wednesday after American authorities approved a new drug engineered to help sufferers of multiple sclerosis.
New CEO predicted to follow same path McDonalds Corp. s choice of an insider to replace ailing Chief Executive Officer Charlie Bell should keep the company on the path that has led 
Update 1: Time Warner expected to pay SEC \$750 million to settle &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Time Warner is nearing settlement with the Securities and Exchange Commission and the Justice Department on the accounting scandal in AOL.
Genting gets lift from plan to build casinos in Britain KUALA LUMPUR Shares of Genting, Asia #39;s biggest publicly traded casino group, rose Wednesday on expectations that the company #39;s plan to develop Las Vegas-style casinos in Britain with Stanley Leisure would bolster profit.
WMC finds more ore in Outback SINGAPORE Ever since WMC Resources rejected Xstrata #39;s \$5.8 billion takeover offer last month, saying it was insufficient, WMC #39;s chief executive, Andrew Michelmore, has been saying that there was more to his company than meets the eye.
Durable Goods Orders Slip Unexpectedly Orders for long-lasting US-made goods unexpectedly slipped 0.4 percent last month as demand for computers, cars and civilian aircraft slumped, a government report showed on Wednesday.
Jobless Claims Down in Latest Week The ranks of Americans filing initial claims for jobless pay shrank by more than expected last week to 323,000, government data showed on Wednesday, while continued claims fell to a 3-1/2 year low in more good news for the US labor 
Nortel Says Exchanges Don #39;t Take Delisting Action (Update1) Nortel Networks Corp. said the Toronto Stock Exchange and the New York Stock Exchange won #39;t commence suspension or delisting actions because of the company #39;s delay in filing certain financial reports.
Regulators study gift-giving firms NASD, which is the regulatory arm of the Nasdaq stock market, and the Securities and Exchange Commission are investigating about two dozen firms, including brokerage firms and mutual fund companies, to determine whether brokers handed out expensive gifts 
Book ranks Fairbanks high in crime Fairbanks has been labeled the fourth most dangerous metropolitan area in the nation by the publisher of a reference book,  quot;City Crime Rankings.
Urgent meeting in Microsoft case A new round has opened in the European Commission anti-trust battle against Microsoft as the judge hearing its appeal called for a closed meeting.
41-cent stamp could be on way The US Postal Service is expected to start seeking approval for a double-digit percentage increase in postage rates early next year.
Gold Fields loses US bid judgment Gold Fields says it is confident it will fend off a hostile takeover from rival gold producer Harmony despite losing a key legal challenge.
GE to Buy Ionics for  #36;1.1 Billion (Reuters) Reuters - General Electric Co.  on Wednesday\said it would buy Ionics Inc.  for about  #36;1.1 billion to\build out its water treatment and services business.
Jobless Claims Down in Latest Week (Reuters) Reuters - The ranks of Americans filing\initial claims for jobless pay shrank by more than expected\last week to 323,000, government data showed on Wednesday,\while continued claims fell to a 3-1/2 year low in more good\news for the U.S. labor market.
Durable Goods Orders Slip Unexpectedly (Reuters) Reuters - Orders for long-lasting U.S.-made\goods unexpectedly slipped 0.4 percent last month as demand for\computers, cars and civilian aircraft slumped, a government\report showed on Wednesday.
Before the Bell: Connetics Falls (Reuters) Reuters - Shares of Connetics Corp. \fell 15.5 percent before the opening bell on Wednesday after\the drugmaker said the U.S. health officials concluded that its\drug for treatment of seborrheic dermatitis was not effective.
Jobless Claims Fall to Three-Month Low (AP) AP - America's factories saw orders for big-ticket goods drop in October after brisk activity in the previous month, highlighting the sometimes bumpy recovery experienced by the nation's manufacturers.
Virgin Mary toastie sells for 15,000 A grilled cheese sandwich bearing the image of the Virgin Mary has been sold for nearly 15,000 on eBay. Florida jewellery designer Diana Duyser auctioned off the ten-year-old toastie saying it was time to share her  quot;miracle quot; with the world.
Citrix buys Net6 Server-based computing firm Citrix yesterday announced a deal to acquire SSL VPN vendor Net6 for approximately \$50m cash. The deal is expected to close by the end of the year.
Torvalds denounces EU patent law Three prominent open-source software developers have urged the EU to reject a law that would codify the practice of granting software patents in Europe.
AMD #39;s 2005 mobile push off to early start Gericom and Packard Bell NEC plan to use the Mobile Sempron 3000 chip in new notebooks before the end of the year, but AMD #39;s new processor looks unlikely to overturn Intel #39;s solid advantage in the notebook market.
Scientists flood the Grand Canyon to restore sandbanks and save &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; A man-made flood is roaring through the Grand Canyon in a bold experiment to restore the sandbanks of the Colorado river and to save fish and plants that have been disappearing over the past 40 years.
New browser wins over net surfers The proportion of surfers using Microsoft #39;s Internet Explorer (IE) has dropped to below 90, say web analysts. Net traffic monitor, OneStat.
BT #39;s New Music Service Hopes To Be Different Blueprint, in conjunction with BT, plan to launch a new service for hosting, managing and distributing digital music and related content online, which could substantially accelerate the growth of the market to the benefit of artists, record companies 
Automated phishing on the rise, experts say Fraudsters are achieving higher levels of automation for phishing scams, using software tools and botnets to increase the reach of their work, according to the Anti-Phishing Working Group.
Be your own telecom, wireless firm suggests A local startup is selling technology to enable the average person to set up and manage their own WiFi wireless network. BeeTelecom Inc.
NBA Needs to Look in Mirror, Not Just at Artest Ron Artest has some time off now to assess where his life and his career are going. He can get some help. He is only 25 and it #39;s not as if he can #39;t revive his career next season.
Real rue missed opportunity against Leverkusen Real Madrid were in rueful mood after missing out on securing a place in the last 16 of the Champions League after they were held to a 1-1 draw by Bayer Leverkusen at the Bernabeu.
Bayern back in confident mood after Maccabi win Whatever problems Bayern Munich face in their quest for a European and domestic treble this season, a lack of self-belief is unlikely to figure among them.
Roundup: Jos Anigo resigns as Marseille coach Anigo, 43, had taken over in January from Alain Perrin. He will be replaced by another former Marseille coach, Albert Emon, who was in charge of the reserve team.
Dechy, Golovin put France up 2-0 on Spain after singles MOSCOW -- Nathalie Dechy and Tatiana Golovin gave France a comfortable 2-0 lead in its Fed Cup semifinal against Spain after winning their opening singles Wednesday.
Buono needs bypass According to a source close to the family, the 54-year-old CFL coaching legend, who spent 16 seasons in the Calgary Stampeders organization, has known for the past six weeks but kept the shocking news a closely guarded secret.
Indian PM accepts invitation to visit Pakistan Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh has accepted an invitation Wednesday to visit Pakistan from his Pakistani counterpart Shaukat Aziz.
New Coalition Offensive Leads to Arrest of Dozens of Insurgents in &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; American, British and Iraqi troops are continuing their effort to root out insurgents south of Baghdad, in an operation aimed at clearing the way for elections to be held in January.
Straw welcomes Israeli poll pledge The foreign secretary, Jack Straw, today welcomed Israel #39;s announcement that it would allow international observers to monitor forthcoming Palestinian presidential elections.
US consulate reopens in Mumbai after terror threat The United States reopened its consulate in Mumbai on Wednesday after closing it the previous day saying that it had information about a terrorist threat.
Hundreds Pay Last Respects to Rafael Eitan (IsraelNN.com) After 11:00am, the coffin of former IDF Chief of Staff and former Minister of Agriculture Rafael (Raful) Eitan arrived at his home community of Tel Adashim.
Asia-Pacific Upbeat on Economic Outlook A global survey of consumer confidence released Wednesday shows that European consumers are generally pessimistic about the economic outlook for the next 12 months, people in the Asia-Pacific are optimistic and Americans lie somewhere in between.
Durable Goods Orders Slip Unexpectedly  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Orders for long-lasting U.S.-made  goods unexpectedly slipped 0.4 percent last month as demand for  computers, cars and civilian aircraft slumped, a government  report showed on Wednesday.
Stock Futures Steady Before Flow of Data  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Stock futures rose  on Wednesday,  pointing to a higher market open, before a slew of U.S.  economic data, as oil prices dipped lower ahead of weekly  inventory figures.
Mortgage Applications Fell Last Week -MBA  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Applications for home mortgages in the  U.S. fell last week even as mortgage rates edged down, an  industry group said on Wednesday.
HEADLINE STOCKS: Stocks to Watch, Nov. 24  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks to watch on Wednesday  include H R Block Inc., Michaels Stores Inc., Tech Data Corp.,  and Microsoft Corp.  
Hearing Set After Microsoft Rivals Quit  BRUSSELS (Reuters) - The judge considering Microsoft  Corp.'s appeal against European Union sanctions has called a  closed meeting for Thursday to decide what action to take after  two more major opponents of the U.S. software giant withdrew  from the case.
Merck Maintains Quarterly Dividend  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Merck   Co. Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MRK.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;MRK.N&lt;/A&gt; has declared  its regular quarterly dividend, maintaining its status as one  of the richest dividend payors among blue-chip stocks, even  following the withdrawal of its arthritis drug Vioxx and  subsequent loss of nearly \$27 billion in market value.
Durable Goods Orders Fall in October America's factories saw orders for big-ticket goods drop in October after brisk activity in the previous month, highlighting the sometimes bumpy recovery experienced by the nation's manufacturers.
Rumsfeld: Druyun Had Little Supervision Defense Secretary Donald H. Rumsfeld blamed an Air Force procurement scandal on high turnover in top management positions, which he said reduced the amount of "adult supervision" of major weapons contracts over the past decade.
Gold Fields loses US bid judgment Gold Fields loses a key legal decision in its fight against Harmony's \$8.2bn hostile takeover bid but remains confident that its shareholders will reject the bid.
Economy 'stronger than forecast' The UK economy probably grew at a  faster than predicted pace in the third quarter, putting pressure on the Bank of England to raise rates again.
Hi-tech tools fuel phishing boom Reports suggest phishing gangs are turning to automatic tools to mount more attacks than ever.
Election Protests Continue in Ukraine Tens of thousands of supporters of opposition presidential candidate Viktor Yushchenko demonstrated in Ukraine's capital for a third day Wednesday, and one of his allies said the only thing to negotiate with government authorities is the transfer of power.
Iran Making New Uranium Demands Iran is demanding that it be allowed to make an exception in its commitment to freeze all uranium enrichment activities so it can operate about about two dozen centrifuges, diplomats said Wednesday.
Airgo Says Linksys to Use Chips for Wireless Gear (Reuters) Reuters - Airgo Networks said on Monday the\Linksys unit of Cisco System Inc. will use its chips in\equipment for high-speed wireless networking, bolstering\support for the start-up chip maker's technology.
UPDATE 1 Marseille coach Anigo quits, replaced by Emon Olympique Marseille coach Jose Anigo resigned on Tuesday because of poor results. Anigo, who took over in January from Alain Perrin, will be replaced for 
Iran  quot;will never end quot; nuclear programme Iran #39;s foreign minister says that Tehran will never fully dismantle its nuclear capabilities, also voicing the country #39;s concerns about the threat of a pre-emptive strike by Washington.
Embassy bomb chief escaped with bribe #39; INDONESIAN police have arrested another four men over the September carbombing of the Australian Embassy amid suggestions the bomb mastermind - and most wanted -r 
Sudanese Cease-Fire Breaks After New Clashes Government helicopters and warplanes bombed the town of Tawila in North Darfur on Tuesday after rebel fighters attacked police stations there Monday, breaking a renewed 
Former Pakistani PM wants to end exile Pakistan #39;s former prime minister, Benazir Bhutto, has demanded the right to return from exile, one day after her husband was freed on bail after eight years in prison.
Safety advocates warn of potentially fatal toys The yo-yo water ball -- a liquid-filled ball attached to a stretchy elastic cord -- looks like it could provide a lot of entertainment for children.
Air France KLM Sees Growth After Strong Quarter Air France KLM posted stronger than expected second-quarter operating profits on Wednesday and maintained its sights on full-year growth despite the strain on its fuel bill from escalating oil prices.
Video games turn sharply to violence This season #39;s blockbuster video games give players the opportunity to hijack cars, mow down the walking undead with heavy artillery, shoot police officers and ogle topless women.
Torvalds comes out against EU patent directive In the statement, issued Tuesday, the three developers argued that the legislation, called the software patent directive, would be harmful to the European economy.
BT And Blueprint Jointly Develop Innovative Music Distribution &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; In yet another move in the legitimate digital music market, BT and Blueprint have jointly developed a new service based on Blueprints Open Royalty Gateway (ORG) and Song Centre software that allows copyright holders to take more control of their 
India could have forced result: Ganguly Captain Sourav Ganguly today said India would have forced a result in the first cricket Test against South Africa on a lifeless track had they won the toss and batted first.
Thoughts on Tysabri #39;s Approval For those that missed it last night, Biogen Idec (BIIB:Nasdaq - news - research) and Elan Pharmaceuticals (ELN:NYSE ADR - news - research) received FDA approval for their new multiple sclerosis drug, now called Tysabri (formerly known as Antegren.
10 of jobs on the block at Cingular; office jobs targeted Cingular Wireless will cut close to 10 of its 68,000 jobs over the next 12 to 18 months as it combines operations with the recently acquired AT amp;T Wireless, the chief executive of the nation #39;s largest cell phone company said Tuesday in an 
Wall Street stocks end mixed amid another rise in oil prices Wall Street stocks were mixed Tuesday as crude oil prices again topped 50 dollars per barrel, while brokerage downgrade hurt technology stocks.
Rebels keep up attacks in central and north Iraq BAGHDAD, Iraq, Nov. 20 - Violence surged through central and northern Iraq on Saturday as a tenacious insurgency led by Sunni Arabs kept up relentless assaults in several major cities, including Baghdad, Ramadi 
UN Congo staff investigated over abuse THE UN is investigating about 150 allegations of sexual abuse by UN civilian staff and soldiers in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, some of it recorded on videotape, a senior UN official confirmed yesterday.
China #39;s space chief coming to US Another possible step toward cooperation in space between the United States and China is now on the calendar. The head of the Chinese National Space Agency will travel to Washington 
Hamburg Gets New NFL Europe Franchise (AP) AP - The Hamburg Sea Devils joined NFL Europe on Wednesday, meaning five of the league's six teams are in Germany.
Authorities intend to file charges in NBA brawl (AFP) AFP - Prosecutors expect to file charges against Indiana Pacers players and Detroit Pistons supporters in the wake of a brawl last Friday that led to record suspensions and at least nine people injured.
Man Accused of Scamming NFL Players (AP) AP - A 29-year-old Maryland man was charged with theft after calling NFL players Donovan McNabb, Darrell Green and Warren Sapp and convincing them to wire him money.
Rwanda Threatens to Attack Rebels in Congo -UN (Reuters) Reuters - Rwanda has threatened to attack a\Rwandan rebel group in the eastern Democratic Republic of\Congo, the United Nations mission in Congo said on Wednesday.
Easy Victory for Tar Heels in Semifinals Rashad McCants scored 27 points and North Carolina rode a sharp first half to a 94-81 victory over Tennessee last night in the semifinals of the Maui Invitational in Lahaina, Hawaii.
Straw arrives in Middle East Foreign secretary Jack Straw is today beginning two days of talks in Israel and the Palestinian territories. Mr Straw will meet Israeli prime minister Ariel Sharon before travelling on to the West Bank for 
CRIME FIGHT TOPS UK AGENDA The British government will introduce new laws to fight crime, terror and drugs in the run up to the next general election. The legislative programme outlined in the Queen #39;s speech includes plans to introduce 
Women Voters Declines San Diego Appeal (AP) AP - The League of Women Voters of San Diego said Tuesday that it will not appeal a judge's ruling in the city's mayoral election, dealing another setback to Councilwoman Donna Frye's write-in bid.
Boxing Dispute Clouds Copyright Bill (AP) AP - Congress will have a narrow opportunity when it returns to pass legislation making it a crime to use video cameras to record films in movie theaters, but the bill could be floored by a fight over a federal boxing commission.
NATO Chief to Open Arab Relations Drive in Algeria  BRUSSELS (Reuters) - The head of NATO will make an  unprecedented visit to Algeria on Thursday, the opening move in  a drive to beef up cooperation with the Arab world on  counter-terrorism, defense reform and military training.
Pakistan's PM Says Peace with India Hinges on Kashmir  NEW DELHI (Reuters) - Pakistan Prime Minister Shaukat Aziz  said on Wednesday he remained hopeful that peace could be  achieved with India, but progress on the bitter dispute over  Kashmir represented the key to better ties.
Iran Wants to Amend Nuke Freeze, EU Says No  VIENNA (Reuters) - Iran has requested that it be permitted  to continue conducting "research and development" with  centrifuges, machines that can be used to develop material for  nuclear weapons, diplomats said on Wednesday.
Dutch Shocked by Public Death Wish from Muslim  AMSTERDAM (Reuters) - Dutch leaders on Wednesday condemned  comments by a Muslim teacher who said he hoped for the death of  a popular politician, further stoking religious tension  prompted by the murder of a filmmaker critical of Islam.
UN ex-hostages' joy at release Three UN workers released after being held hostage in Afghanistan speak of their joy at being freed.
Sales of existing homes drop WASHINGTON - Sales of existing homes edged down a less-than-expected 0.1 percent in October as low mortgage rates continued to support a record year, a trade association report showed Tuesday.
Kenya author returns to testify Ngugi wa Thiong'o, goes back to Kenya to give evidence against four men accused of attacking him and his wife.
Ruling Is Awaited on Death Penalty for Young Killers A Texas high school student convicted of a double murder waits on death row as the Supreme Court weighs the constitutionality of the juvenile death penalty.
UFJ Holdings bank reports large half-year loss TOKYO UFJ Holdings, Japan #39;s fourth-largest bank, reported a large net loss of 674.3 billion for the first half of its fiscal year on Wednesday as it scrambled to reduce its bad loans before a takeover by Mitsubishi Tokyo Financial Group.
American Express to Replace Auditor (Reuters) Reuters - American Express Co.  said on\Wednesday that it will replace Ernst   Young LLP with\PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP as its independent registered public\accountant.
US jobless claims fall again Initial claims for state unemployment benefits fell unexpectedly to 323,000 last week, down 12,000 from a week earlier, the US Labour Department said today.
Microsoft called back to court over Novell settlement The judge overseeing the software giant #39;s appeal of a European Commission ruling has summoned both parties to appear at an  quot;informal hearing quot; on Thursday.
Taking Inventory Of Analog Devices Credit Suisse First Boston lowered estimates for Analog Devices (nyse: ADI - news - people ) after the maker of integrated circuits provided disappointing guidance.
Video recreation of JFK assassination marks a new low A spokesman for Sen. Edward Ken- nedy had an apt description of a video game that shamefully exploits the assassination of John F. Kennedy: The release of  quot;JFK: Reloaded quot; on Monday -- the 41st anniversary 
Groups protest sex, violence in video games Video games that have players shoot rival gang members, watch bare-breasted women and recreate the assassination of President Kennedy were criticized Tuesday by advocacy 
Google sued by Perfect 10 Google has been sued by adult site Perfect 10 for alleged copyright infringement. Perfect 10 #39;s suit says that Google #39;s Web search engine allows people to see copyrighted images owned by the company (access 
Turinui leaps over Rogers MORGAN Turinui has leapfrogged over the troubled Mat Rogers to take over at outside centre for Australia in Saturday #39;s rugby Test against England at Twickenham.
College Basketball: Iowa Upsets No. 15 Texas MAUI, Hawaii (Sports Network) - Jeff Horner posted 27 points while Pierre Pierce added 18 points, seven rebounds and seven assists, as the Iowa Hawkeyes defeated a ranked team for the second night in a row with an 82-80 victory over No.
Hot demand for travel packages to Capital One Bowl The Hawkeyes are headed to Florida for the Capital One Bowl in Orlando on New Year #39;s Day. Travel agencies say travel packages are selling fast.
France Leads Spain 2-0 in Fed Cup Semis (AP) AP - Defending champion France took a 2-0 lead over Spain in the Fed Cup semifinals Wednesday behind singles victories by Nathalie Dechy and Tatiana Golovin.
Pakistan links Kashmir to granting India MFN status Pakistans Prime Minister Shaukat Aziz said on Wednesday that granting the Most Favored Nation (MFN) status to India was closely related to the solution of the Kashmir dispute.
Queen outlines crackdown on terror LONDON: The British Government has detailed a range of new measures to fight global terrorism and organised crime, as the Queen set out its new law-making agenda ahead of expected elections next year.
Russia sends scientist to jail for spying A Russian court has sentenced a physicist Valentin Danilov to 14 years in a Siberian prison for passing space secrets to China. Danilov, 53, a professor at Krasnoyarsk 
Indonesian police confirm four arrested over Australian embassy bombing (AFP) AFP - Indonesian police said they have arrested four key Muslim extremists for the deadly bombing of Australia's Jakarta embassy in what was hailed as a breakthrough in the hunt for militants behind a series of attacks in the country.
Nortel to Maintain Certain Accounting Nortel Networks Corp. on Wednesday said it will not be required to change its accounting treatment of optical products sales, and it received verbal confirmation that two stock exchanges do not plan to begin any suspension or delisting procedures.
Holiday travel may exceed record If so, leave early. Travel experts predict traffic congestion, poor weather and possible job actions by Pennsylvania Turnpike toll takers and US Airways workers at Philadelphia International 
Weak Demand for Delta Debt Swap Delta Air Lines (DAL:NYSE - news - research) said Wednesday its debt exchange has ended, with the intermediate and long-term portions receiving insufficient interest from bondholders.
Virgin Mary On Grilled Cheese Sandwich Sells on eBay The online casino, GoldenPalace.com, bid \$28,000 to purchase a 10-year-old grilled cheese sandwich that supposedly bears the image of the Virgin Mary.
IBM introduces Workplace Resource Center IBM has unveiled, under its Workplace platform strategy, an online developer resource centre that will give corporate and third-party developers access to tools to help develop products and services for the platform.
Former star bowler Lillee ends coaching role at Australian academy Fast bowling great Dennis Lillee has cut ties with Australia #39;s Cricket Academy after failing to come to terms on a new coaching contract.
Spurrier named football coach at South Carolina One day after his good friend Lou Holtz announced his retirement, Spurrier on Tuesday was named the Gamecocks #39; new football coach.
BASKETBALL ROUNDUP: Diogu lifts ASU to victory over Delaware TEMPE - Double- and triple-teaming don #39;t bother Ike Diogu. He gets his points from the line. Arizona State #39;s junior center had 32 points and nine rebounds, almost singlehandedly lifting the Sun Devils (2-0 
It #39;s official: Bowl bids accepted by trio of Big Ten teams Iowa, Purdue and Wisconsin accepted bowl bids on Tuesday, and the news didn #39;t stop there for the Hawkeyes and Boilermakers. *Iowa will head back to Florida for the holidays, this time to the Capital One Bowl in Orlando.
UMich Finds Consumer Sentiment Up a Bit (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. consumer sentiment brightened\slightly in November, helped by cheaper gasoline and a better\jobs outlook, a survey released on Wednesday showed.
GE unit plans \$1.1 billion purchase of Mass.-based water treatment &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; WATERTOWN, Mass. -- A unit of General Electric Co. said Wednesday it will buy Ionics Inc. for \$1.1 billion in cash, not counting about \$200 million in debt GE will assume in its purchase of of the water treatment company.
NETHERLANDS: Ahold says Q3 loss highlights  #39;year of transition #39; Dutch retail giant Ahold has reported a third-quarter net loss, as its results were impacted by exceptional costs and asset impairment charges.
Iran 'Atomic Bomb' Militia Stage Show of Strength (Reuters) Reuters - To shouts of "No compromise" tens of\thousands of Iran's Basij militia staged a show of strength on\Wednesday, a day before the U.N. nuclear watchdog meets to\discuss Iran's disputed nuclear program.
Pakistan's PM says peace with India hinges on Kashmir (Reuters) Reuters - Pakistan Prime Minister Shaukat Aziz said on Wednesday he remained hopeful that sustainable peace could be achieved with India after a friendly meeting with his counterpart Manmohan Singh.
Game should be pulled I was just shy of a year and a half old when John F. Kennedy was killed by an assassin #39;s bullet 41 years ago this week. But like so many of my generation - the so-called baby boomers - I believe 
Redknapp quits as Portsmouth manager Two weeks after Portsmouth appointed Croatian unknown Velimir Zajec as executive director, Harry Redknapp quit as manager on Wednesday, citing the need to take  quot;a complete break from the game quot;.
Freed UN electoral workers in Afghanistan look forward to resuming &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; 24 November 2004 - Three United Nations election workers freed yesterday nearly a month after being abducted in Afghanistan today thanked the Afghan people for the support shown during their ordeal and said they were looking forward to getting back to 
Syria ready to resume Israeli talks  #39;without conditions #39;: UN envoy DAMASCUS (AFP) - Syrian President Bashar al-Assad has said he is ready to reopen negotiations with Israel  quot;without conditions, quot; visiting UN Middle East envoy Terje Roed-Larsen revealed.
Russian Scientist Jailed for Spying for China A Russian scientist convicted of spying for China was sentenced to 14 years in a high security jail Wednesday. Physicist Valentin Danilov was initially acquitted of selling 
Afghan bomb kills two US soldiers Two American soldiers are killed by a homemade bomb in central Afghanistan, the US military says.
Jobless Claims Down; Goods Orders Slip Orders for long-lasting US-made goods unexpectedly slipped 0.4 percent in October, hinting at manufacturing softness, but new claims for jobless aid shrank last week, government reports showed on Wednesday.
US October New Home Sales Rise 0.2 to 1.226 Million Rate US new home sales unexpectedly rose 0.2 percent in October to 1.226 million at an annual rate, the third highest ever, as hiring improved and borrowing costs fell.
Delta exchange offer expires, volume lower than goal Delta Air Lines Inc. announced Wednesday that its offer to exchange unsecured notes for secured bonds fell short of a company goal, but that enough investors had tendered their short-term securities for a debt exchange to occur.
Hard Rock to display Virgin Mary sandwich The handover for the infamous Virgin Mary grilled cheese sandwich is to take place at 1 pm, Wednesday, at the Seminole Hard Rock Hotel  amp; Casino in Hollywood.
The Portsmouth fiasco: a fan #39;s view One of the good things about supporting Portsmouth is that no one has ever had any expectations. A life of mid-table mediocrity - as the unlamented former manager Graham Rix promised the 
 #39;Honda out to stop Ant #39;s Williams test #39; Honda still appear to be smarting from Williams #39; attempt to sign Jenson Button and in an apparent case of tit-for-tat they #39;re reportedly trying to stop Anthony Davidson #39;s Williams test.
We gave a good fight: Ganguly India  quot;gained a lot quot; from the drawn cricket Test against South Africa and would now carry the confidence into the deciding second match in Kolkata, skipper Sourav Ganguly said in Kanpur on Wednesday.
Flatley returns to Wallaby team for England match Morgan Turinui will start as centre and Elton Flatley returns as fly half for Australia #39;s rugby match against England at Twickenham on Saturday as coach Eddie Jones rearranges his side to deal with injuries.
New Homes Sales Rise 0.2 Pct. in October (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. new home sales rose 0.2 percent\in October to the third-highest level on record following an\upwardly revised gain in September, a government report showed\on Wednesday.
The Fool's Look Ahead Think you can make it through the week ahead? Here is some financial news to look out for, plus crafty tips to make the leftovers go down smoothly.
A Fool Looks Back Doughnuts, macadamia nuts, and toy nuts were in play in a short yet lively week in the market.
Biogen, Elan up on MS drug approval SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW) -- Shares of Elan Corp. and Biogen Idec rose in premarket trade Wednesday after the US Food and Drug Administration approved the companies #39; multiple sclerosis drug Tysabri.
Update 1: GE Unit to Buy Ionics for \$1.1 Billion A unit of the industrial, financial and media conglomerate General Electric Co. said Wednesday it will buy the water treatment company Ionics Inc.
UMich Finds Consumer Sentiment Up a Bit US consumer sentiment brightened slightly in November, helped by cheaper gasoline and a better jobs outlook, a survey released on Wednesday showed.
The \$28K Sandwich That Grew No Mold With a winning bid of \$28,000, the online casino GoldenPalace.com won the auction for one of eBay #39;s most coveted oddities: a 10-year-old grilled cheese sandwich, one side of which bears the Virgin Mary #39;s image.
Answers.com: Get to know more than one browser In the past, I have taken great pride in informing you, my readers, about new and cutting-edge technology. Sometimes it is also necessary to re-examine existing or older technologies.
The Sims 2 - First Expansion Announced The first expansion for the Sims 2 game will be The Sims 2 University. With the University expansion, your Sims will be able to enroll in college, attend classes and of course, party.
DS Dead Pixels Issue If you got a Nintendo DS, you may have been one of the unlucky few to have gotten systems with a  quot;dead pixel. quot; This dead pixel is a tiny dot on the screen that is stuck on one color and never changes.
Researchers Develop 3-D Phone Technology (AP) AP - It's an idea that was popularized by Princess Leia's plea for help in Star Wars: sending a 3-D hologram. Now, two Japanese scientists have developed technology they hope will one day turn the humble telephone booth into a high-tech chamber for beaming holographic images.
Liverpool Football Club eye Italian The Reds are in desperate need for a striker following the injuries to Djibril Cisse and Milan Baros, whilst Luis Garcias hamstring problem has hardly helped matters.
BAR Dashes Davidson #39;s Williams Hopes BAR dashed Briton Anthony Davidson #39;s hopes of racing for Formula One rivals Williams on Wednesday. A month after they fended off the BMW-powered team #39;s bid for highly-rated 
UK #39;s Straw Gets Israeli Pledge on Palestinian Vote Israeli leaders told Britain #39;s foreign secretary on Wednesday they would do their utmost to let Palestinians hold elections but criticized the top presidential candidate 
US Troops End Nine Years in Bosnia Peace Force The US military on Wednesday ended a 9-year peacekeeping role in Bosnia but kept on a small contingent to hunt down top war crimes suspects Radovan Karadzic and Ratko Mladic.
Saved from the jaws of death DOLPHINS saved a former St Ives man and his daughter from a shark attack as they swam off the northern New Zealand coast. The bottlenose dolphins surrounded Rob Howes, 47, his daughter Niccy, 15, Helen Slade 
Chirac arrives in Libya for first ever visit by French head of state (AFP) AFP - President Jacques Chirac arrived in Libya in the first ever visit by a French head of state, confirming maverick leader Moamer Kadhafi's gradual return to international respectability.
GAME OFF' URGED (SiliconValley.com) SiliconValley.com - An assortment of politicians, religious leaders and social advocacy groups lashed out Tuesday at the video-game industry and retailers, saying they make violent and racy games too accessible to children.
Foreign troop withdrawal only when Iraq stable: Mubarak (AFP) AFP - Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak said he was not disappointed that a two-day conference on the future of Iraq, hosted by his country earlier this week, failed to set a date for the withdrawal of foreign troops.
Linux Server Sales Hit a New High (PC World) PC World - For the first time, sales top  #36;1 billion in one quarter, researcher says.
Hearing Set After Microsoft Rivals Quit (Reuters) Reuters - The judge considering Microsoft\Corp.'s appeal against European Union sanctions has called a\closed meeting for Thursday to decide what action to take after\two more major opponents of the U.S. software giant withdrew\from the case.
IPod creates its own economy (USATODAY.com) USATODAY.com - Investors usually get nervous when a company relies on the sales of one product. The exception is when that product is an Apple iPod. Just as consumers can't seem to get enough of the iPod, investors are foaming over companies having anything to do with the digital music player.
Arctic States Agree to a Vague Plan to Slow Thaw (Reuters) Reuters - Eight Arctic countries agreed to a\vague plan to counter a rapid melt of the region on Wednesday\with indigenous peoples accusing the United States of blocking\stronger action aimed at slowing global warming.
New World Conservation Boss Eyes Climate, Oceans (Reuters) Reuters - The newly elected president of the\World Conservation Union (IUCN) said Wednesday that global\warming and the lack of protected marine zones were key\challenges that needed to be hoisted high on the green agenda.
Archaeologists Discover Bronze Age Site (AP) AP - Archaeologists said Wednesday they have comprehensively dated the contents of a Bronze Age site in Scotland, probably the first time such a site has been dated in its entirety.
US sweeps Iraqi Sunni 'hotspots' Thousands of US-led troops target lawless areas south of Baghdad known as Iraq's "triangle of death".
Math Whiz Breaks Calculation Record (AP) AP - A 38-year-old with degrees in psychology, education and computer science needed only 11.8 seconds to calculate the 13th root of a 100-digit number in his head, setting a new record, organizers said.
Utility Will Pay \$7.2 Million in Electrocution Consolidated Edison has agreed to pay the family of a woman who was electrocuted on a city street more than \$6.2 million and to set up a \$1 million scholarship fund in her name.
Dutch actress to authenticate breasts online No implants up top, insists &lt;cite&gt;Playboy&lt;/cite&gt; model
Urgent meeting in Microsoft case A judge in a major EU anti-trust case against Microsoft calls a sudden meeting after high-profile departures.
New browser wins over net surfers \The proportion of surfers using Microsoft's Internet Explorer (IE) has dropped to below 90, say web analysts. 
"2046" makers deny "Oscars" snub over Wong exclusion from gong list (AFP) AFP - Stars of Wong Kar-wai's acclaimed movie "2046" may skip Asia's glittering version of the Oscars next week, aides said, while denying the cast was snubbing the event in protest at Wong's absence from the best director nominees' list.
GAO to Investigate Voting Irregularies (AP) AP - The Government Accountability Office, responding to a request from Democratic lawmakers, will investigate the way votes were counted in the Nov. 2 election.
AMD Says Demand Rebounded After Election Hiccup  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Computer chip demand turned  positive after a "hiccup" around the time of the U.S.  presidential elections, an Advanced Micro Devices Inc.  executive said on Tuesday.
Finland Says Could Cancel Tele2's 3G License  HELSINKI (Reuters) - Finland may withdraw a third  generation mobile network license from Suomen 3G, an operator  owned by Sweden's Tele2 &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=TEL2b.ST qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;TEL2b.ST&lt;/A&gt;, due to delays in building  the high-speed network, it said on Tuesday.
Linux Ready for Prime Time, Intel Says Despite all the Linux hype, the open-source movement has yet to make a huge splash in the desktop market.  That may be about to change, thanks to chipmaking giant Intel Corp. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-washingtonpost.com&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
MedImmune Forms Research Partnership MedImmune Inc. will pay a New Jersey biotech company \$15 million to collaborate with it on potential new treatments for autoimmune diseases, starting with lupus. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;- The Washington Post&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;
Hearing Set After Microsoft Rivals Quit &lt;p&gt;\&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; By David Lawsky&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; BRUSSELS (Reuters) - The judge considering Microsoft\Corp.'s appeal against European Union sanctions has called a\closed meeting for Thursday to decide what action to take after\two more major opponents of the U.S. software giant withdrew\from the case.&lt;/p&gt;
FCC: 8M Wireless Users Keep Cell Numbers Nearly 8 million mobile phone users have switched carriers and kept their cell numbers since a new rule allowing that flexibility went into effect one year ago, the Federal Communications Commission disclosed Tuesday.
Online Movie Pirate Ordered to Pay \$23.8M A Malaysian man must pay film studios \$23.8 million for running a Web site that allowed paying members to watch pirated movies, the Motion Picture Association said.
Group Cites Video Games for Violence, Sex Video games that have players shoot rival gang members, watch bare-breasted women and recreate the assassination of President Kennedy were criticized Tuesday by advocacy groups that said, at the least, they should be kept away from children.
'Half-Life 2' a Tech Masterpiece It's been six years since Valve Corp. perfected the first-person shooter with "Half-Life." Video games have come a long way since, with better graphics and more options than ever. Still, relatively few games have mustered this one's memorable characters and original science fiction story.
Genes to blame for restless sleep \If you can't get a good night's sleep it's likely that your parents are at least partly to blame.
Barrow Placed on IR The Redskins have placed linebacker Mike Barrow on the injured reserve list, which means he will not play a down for them this season.
Authorities Seize Tape Federal authorities have seized a videotape believed to be at the center of an alleged blackmail attempt against Yankees slugger Gary Sheffield and his wife, a prosecutor said.
Biogen gets the first in 8 years FDA approval for a multiple &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Today was a day of good news for multiple sclerosis patients: FDA granted approval to a new anti-multiple sclerosis drug Antegren developed by Biogen Idec Inc.
After AT amp;T merger, Cingular Wireless expects to cut 6,800 jobs NOVEMBER 24, 2004 (COMPUTERWORLD) - With its acquisition of AT amp;T Wireless Services Inc. complete (see story), Cingular Wireless LLC is preparing to lay off about 10 of its 68,000 workers over a 12- to 18-month period starting next year.
Time Warner Nears Settlement on AOL Charges Under a deal with the Securities and Exchange Commission that is still under discussion, Time Warner would not admit any wrongdoing but would pay \$750 million to settle the case.
Malaysia #39;s Genting in JV with UK casino operator KUALA LUMPUR - Genting International Plc, a subsidiary of Malaysia #39;s Genting Berhad, has agreed to set up a 50:50 joint venture with the United Kingdom #39;s largest casino operator, Stanley Leisure.
Judge Blocks RIAA Mass Suits Last week, members of the Motion Picture Association of America filed 11 lawsuits against hundreds of people they accused of using file-sharing networks to share copies of movies.
UPDATE 2-GE to buy water treatment company for \$1.1 billion General Electric Co. (GE.N: Quote, Profile, Research) will buy Ionics Inc. (ION.N: Quote, Profile, Research) for \$1.1 billion to build out its water treatment and services business 
If Turnpike Strike Hits, No Tolls On First Day HARRISBURG, Pa. -- The Pennsylvania Turnpike Commission has decided that drivers will get a free ride Wednesday if toll collectors and other unionized employees go on strike.
Mixed Economic Data Fog US Outlook Orders for long-lasting US goods slipped unexpectedly in October, but new home sales rose, consumer sentiment brightened a bit this month and claims for jobless aid fell, a mixed bag of reports showed on Wednesday.
US consumer sentiment rises slightly NEW YORK - US consumer sentiment brightened slightly in November, helped by cheaper gasoline and a better jobs outlook, but came in below market expectations, a survey released Wednesday showed.
 #39;Virgin Mary #39; toast sold on net A piece of toast said to bear a picture of the Virgin Mary has sold on the internet for a whopping \$28,000. It #39;s actually a toasted cheese sandwich that was made 10 years ago, and the burn marks on it look like the Biblical figure.
Three major music labels tie up with P2P service Three major music labels have signed up to allow their music to be used by the Peer Impact peer-to-peer (P2P) service, according to a report from the Reuters news agency.
AMD Shows Off 2005 Mobile Line Advanced Micro Devices (AMD) has expanded its increasingly popular mobile line of chips, named Sempron. The new processor has higher performance and integrated EVP anti-virus technology.
With budget set, NASA plans next move Flush with a newly approved \$16.2 billion budget, NASA will be able to flesh out a way to save the Hubble Space Telescope, choose a new spacecraft and develop new ways to get back to the moon, Administrator Sean O #39;Keefe said Tuesday.
Citrix buys hybrid VPN vendor Editor #39;s Summary: Citrix is acquiring VPN provider Net6 for \$50 million in a move to expand its presence in the security space.
Report On Video Games Parents heading out to buy holiday gifts, listen up. There #39;s a warning out Wednesday about extremely violent and explicit video games.
The News and Observer MSN Search has a few features that go beyond Google, but it #39;s generally disappointing. Granted, the new MSN search is still in the  quot;beta quot; phase, and Microsoft is expected to make the technology part of its main MSN site early next year.
Kazaa to dial up a respectable living Kazaa, the internet site which attracted the fury of the music industry by allowing users to download tunes for free, has ventured into the telecoms sector.
New software detects fake art p2pnet.net News:- Software to help authenticate paintings, prints and drawings has been developed by researchers at Dartmouth College in New Hampshire in the US.
Huygens probe gets clean bill of health The European Space Agency #39;s Huygens probe, carried millions of miles to Saturn on board the NASA Cassini space craft, has completed its final series of checks before separation.
WRAPUP 1-Russia, France close in on Fed Cup final Fed Cup favourites Russia and France are firmly on course to meet in the final after taking commanding 2-0 leads in their semi-finals on Wednesday.
Luis Garcia becomes latest Liverpool casualty Liverpool, England (Sports Network) - Liverpool midfielder Luis Garcia pulled his hamstring during Tuesday #39;s 1-0 loss to Monaco in Champions League action and will be out of action for about a month.
Bayern keen to restore European reputation MUNICH, Germany (AFP) - Having qualified for the last sixteen of the Champions League German powerhouse Bayern Munich are determined to repeat their 2001 success to prove they are back as a force in European football.
BAR block Davidsons Williams test According to BAR, the team had originally consented to the test as part of an agreement whereby Davidson could drive for Williams in 2005, with BAR keeping a conditional option on his services for the following season.
JPM FASTEST ON MCLAREN DEBUT Juan Pablo Montoya ended his first day as a McLaren driver at the top of the Barcelona timesheets. The Colombian was half a second faster than former Williams team-mate Ralf Schumacher, who was making his Toyota debut.
INDIANAPOLIS (7-3) At DETROIT (4-6) KEY MATCHUP - Colts QB Peyton Manning vs. Detroit secondary. No one has stopped Manning this season. The Lions #39; defense hasn #39;t stopped much at all.
After making nuke deal, Iran reportedly wants exception Iran is demanding that it be allowed to make an exception in its commitment to freeze all uranium enrichment activities so it can operate about about two dozen centrifuges, diplomats said Wednesday.
Israel  #39;Calls for UK to Be Peace Mediator #39; Israel today appealed to Britain to act as a bridge between them and the Palestinians in an effort to restart the Middle East peace process.
PeopleSoft  #39;Poison Pill #39; Hearing on Ice A federal judge has postponed his decision on PeopleSoft #39;s last hostile takeover defense against Oracle until next month. Delaware Chancery Court Judge Leo Strine said he would need more information from both 
Cingular Confirms Job Cuts Layoffs at Cingular Wireless were inevitable after it acquired AT amp;T Wireless, but what #39;s with the timing? A Cingular spokesman yesterday confirmed an Associated Press report that Cingular 
Judge to rule on MyTravel By Alistair Osborne, Associate City Editor (Filed: 23/11/2004). A high court judge will rule tomorrow whether MyTravel, the troubled package holiday group, can force through an 800m debt-for-equity swap without the consent of its bondholders.
Pennsylvania Turnpike Workers Go on Strike Motorists coasted through Pennsylvania Turnpike toll plazas for free on Wednesday morning after roughly 1,300 unionized toll collectors and maintenance workers went on 
U.S. May Add Advisers to Aid Iraq's Military The top commander in Iraq is reviewing a proposal to add hundreds of U.S. military advisers to work directly with Iraqi units.
Corporate p2p network? p2pnet.net News:- Wurld Media, which, among other things, boasts its,  quot;partnered with the USArmy, quot; says it #39;s struck a deal with three of the Big Four record label cartel members to peddle their  #39;product #39; through what it calls a peer-to-peer service 
AMD Mobilizes Against Centrino AMD (Quote, Chart) took the wraps off a batch of new mobile processors it hopes will steal market share away from Intel #39;s Centrino empire.
BT, Blueprint develop digital music service British telco BT and media technologies company Blueprint have announced plans to jointly develop a digital music service using Blueprints Open Royalty Gateway and Song Centre software.
Finally, a way to Google your hard drive You can usually find information more easily on the vast Internet than you can on your own computer #39;s hard drive. The reason, of course, is that the search tools designed to index the Internet are much better developed than those for personal computers.
Sports need to regain control of fans, players From time to time, basketball players are referred to as  quot;cagers. quot; The term dates back to the early years of basketball when courts were surrounded by chicken wire to separate players from unruly fans.
Juan Pablo Montoya makes West McLaren Mercedes debut Juan Pablo Montoya made his debut for the West McLaren Mercedes Formula One team as preparations for the 2005 season commenced at the Circuit de Catalunya 
R. Williams Could Be Eligible to Start Next Season Ricky Williams #39;s representatives apparently are close to completing an agreement with the NFL that could make the retired Miami Dolphins tailback eligible to play at the outset of the 2005 season.
Former Gamecocks ready for Spurrier era  quot;I #39;m excited as I can be, quot; said legendary Bradwell Institute football player Candler Boyd.  quot;I hated to see anybody go out like coach Holtz did.
Afghan hostages grateful, eager to work Three UN election workers freed nearly a month after being abducted in Afghanistan thanked the nation #39;s people for the support shown during their ordeal.
AIG settles over accounting probe The  world's largest insurance group pays \$126m in fines as part of a settlement with US regulators over its dealings with two firms.
Oil prices hold as US stocks rise Oil prices remain steady in New York trade as official data showed the first rise in US crude stocks in 10 weeks.
Judge Approves MyTravel Survival Plan A High Court judge on Wednesday approved a debt-for-equity survival plan developed by MyTravel, clearing the way for the troubled travel company to present the proposal to shareholders and creditors next month.
UBS Raises Its Rating on Delta; Shares Up Shares of US airlines took off in Wednesday trading after UBS Investment Bank raised its rating on Delta Air Lines Inc., saying the cash-strapped carrier #39;s latest survival moves are lessening prospects of bankruptcy.
P2P start-up gets record label deals A small peer-to-peer start-up has won rights from three of the four major record labels to distribute their music online. The deals with Peer Impact , a new division of online marketing company Wurld Media 
Select Comfort Monthly Recap We keep up with what's important about Select Comfort, in case you don't have time.
Auditor to Army: Dock Halliburton Pay (Reuters) Reuters - The U.S. Army should withhold some\future payments to Halliburton  for work in Iraq due to\billing disputes, a government auditor said on Wednesday, a\move that could cost the contractor tens of millions of\dollars.
The Tiny Next Big Thing As nanotechnology evolves, the smart investor will keep an eye on the players most likely to be left standing -- and making money.
30-Year Mortgage Rates Inch Down in Week (Reuters) Reuters - Interest rates on U.S. 30-year\mortgages edged slightly lower in the latest week, continuing\to offer an enticing rate to prospective home owners, mortgage\finance company Freddie Mac said on Wednesday.
Target Is the Target Eddie Lampert is looking for Target-type valuations in the merger of Kmart and Sears.
Time to Hang Up the Boots? WWE's revenue rundowns no longer shock investors. But the drop in earnings and free cash flow should.
United Re-Signs Namoff D.C. United inks defender Bryan Namoff to a multiyear contract extension on Monday afternoon.
Good Ol' Gottschalks The regional department store company is gearing up for the all-important holidays.
GE to Buy Water Treatment Co for \$1.1 Bln &lt;p&gt;\&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; BOSTON (Reuters) - General Electric Co. &lt;GE.N&gt; will buy\Ionics Inc. &lt;ION.N&gt; for \$1.1 billion to build out its water\treatment and services business, one of its major growth\initiatives, the companies said on Wednesday.&lt;/p&gt;
Browns Start Searches The Cleveland Browns have a few names in mind for both head coach and general manager with coordinators from Philadelphia and New England on the list.
House G.O.P. Voids Rule It Adopted Shielding Leader After fierce criticism, House Republicans reversed a rule change that would have allowed a party leader to retain his position even if indicted.
Judge Blocks RIAA Mass Suits The music industry's tactic of mass file-sharing lawsuits is improper, a California judge rules. Also: Japanese scientists work on holographic phones....  Microsoft's antitrust case delayed but not over   hellip;. and more.
Police Seek Chair Thrower in NBA Brawl (AP) AP - Police said Wednesday they have received some tips in their effort to determine who threw a chair during the brawl that broke out during last week's Pistons-Pacers game.
Indians Sign Closer Wickman for One Year (AP) AP - Free agent closer Bob Wickman agreed to a  #36;2.75 million, one-year deal Wednesday and returned to the Cleveland Indians, whose shaky bullpen without him early last season cost them any chance of winning the AL Central.
Analysts See More U.S. Newspaper Consolidation Ahead (Reuters) Reuters - A wave of consolidation in the U.S.\newspaper industry could be on the way as publishers grapple\with a maturing industry that faces stiff competition from\television and the Internet, publishing experts say.
Report: Pinochet's Assets Frozen (AP) AP - A judge investigating Gen. Augusto Pinochet's secret multi-million dollar bank accounts in the United States has ordered the assets of the former dictator frozen, a local newspaper reported Wednesday.
PCCW delays UK broadband roll-out (FT.com) FT.com - PCCW, the Hong Kong telecoms group, has ruled out a nationwide roll-out of its UK wireless broadband service in the near term in a move that will reduce competition in the market for fast internet access.
Police arrest activists protesting against Shell in Nigerian oil city (AFP) AFP - Police in southern Nigeria arrested three activists of a minority rights group who were protesting against the activities of the Anglo-Dutch oil giant Shell, the group's spokesman said.
Deadly Afghan Blast Follows Hostage Drama (AP) AP - A bomb ripped through a U.S. patrol in southern Afghanistan on Wednesday, killing two American soldiers and wounding another, a reminder of the country's insecurity after a newly resolved hostage drama.
Linux Ready for Prime Time, Intel Says (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - Despite all the hype about Linux and other open-source operating systems, the fact remains that Microsoft Corp. continues to dominate the desktop universe, with 90 percent or so of the world's personal computers powered by one version of Windows or another.
Cincinnati QB Might Miss Louisville Game (AP) AP - Cincinnati star quarterback Gino Guidugli broke a bone in his throwing hand when he slipped outside his home, and he might miss Saturday's game at No. 7 Louisville.
Dec. Hearing Set for Oracle-PeopleSoft (AP) AP - The trial of Oracle Corp.'s attempt to upset PeopleSoft Inc.'s antitakeover measures will continue in December, the judge overseeing the case said Wednesday.
Top-Giving PACs Favor GOP Candidates 10-1 (AP) AP - The top-giving corporate political action committees didn't hedge their bets in the fall elections despite the narrow division between the GOP and Democrats in Congress. They favored Republican candidates 10-to-1.
Genetic Factors Influence Female Infidelity -Study (Reuters) Reuters - Genetic factors influence female\infidelity and the number of sexual partners women have,\British scientists said on Wednesday.
US Military Taps Bugs and Weeds in War on Terror (Reuters) Reuters - Don't squash that bug! Cockroaches,\beetles, spiders and worms may be the U.S. government's next\line of defense in the war on terror.
Three UN hostages released unharmed and healthy in Afghanistan (AFP) AFP - Three United Nations hostages were freed in Afghanistan unharmed and healthy after almost four weeks in captivity amid conflicting claims over whether the government promised to free Taliban prisoners in exchange for their release.
Satellite TV Made Available From the Back Seat (SPACE.com) SPACE.com - With the advent of a new generation of relatively affordable mobile antennas, satellite television is about to jump from the living room to the back seats of vans, recreational vehicles and family cars.
NASA's Moon-Mars Initiative Harms Science: American Physical Society Report (SPACE.com) SPACE.com - A new report released by an American\Physical Society (APS) Special Committee on NASA Funding for Astrophysics has\questioned the space agency's Moon, Mars and Beyond initiative. The APS\assessment warns that t  he cost of overcoming technological\challenges to make real the plan could far exceed budgetary projections and that\numerous nbsp;approved science programs could be jeopardized.
Chile plans jail for Pinochet men Chile's government says it will build a  prison for officers convicted of human rights abuses in the Pinochet era.
Minors held in Spanish porn swoop Spanish police arrest 90 people, including 21 minors, in one of its largest ever operations on child pornography.
Barcelona Testing, Day 1, 24/11/04 Fisico's first run for Renault as Franck begins development work for 2005.
Pigeons 'sense magnetic field' Homing pigeons use the Earth's magnetic field to navigate their way home over long distances, scientists claim.
Offense to Begin Anew Ravens offensive coordinator Matt Cavanaugh will not return for the 2005 season after meeting with Coach Brian Billick on Monday.
Election Commission in Ukraine Affirms Early Results As opposition protests entered a third day, Prime Minister Viktor F. Yanukovich was declared the winner.
Isaac Newton in the Kitchen The revision of Harold McGee's 1984 book, "On Food and Cooking," answers eternal kitchen questions, including those related to Thanksgiving.
France's Chirac Makes Historic Libya Trip (AP) AP - French President Jacques Chirac, arriving Wednesday in Libya for the first visit there by a French head of state in more than half a century, said that turbulent times were over as the two countries embark on a "dynamic and positive phase."
Hormel Credits Atkins for Sales Up 15 Pct (Reuters) Reuters - Hormel Foods Corp.  on\Wednesday reported a quarterly profit that was little changed\from a year earlier, but topped Wall Street's estimates by a\penny as strong demand for pork and turkey offset higher\expenses.
US actor fined over Oscars piracy An Oscar voter is fined 300,000 after copies of movies he was sent ended up on the internet.
Minors held in Spain porn swoop Spanish police arrest 90 people, including 21 minors, in one of its largest ever operations on child pornography.
Md. Group Finds Problems With Voting Machines An organization that put more than 400 poll watchers in Maryland precincts on election day reported Tuesday that its volunteers found scattered problems with the state's electronic voting machines.
Sports Authority Getting in Shape The sporting goods retailer trims its quarterly loss and maintains its outlook.
Neandertals Beaten by Rivals' Word Skills, Study Says Neandertals may have died out like a bad movie #151;by word of mouth. Modern humans' complex use of language sounded the defeat of their big-browed cousins, a new study says.
Magnetic Beaks Help Birds Navigate, Study Says Homing pigeons may use a magnetic "map" inside their beaks to navigate, according to new research.
Lizards Help Explain Survival of the Not-So-Fittest Is it possible to outrun evolution? Two new lizard-behavior studies look at why it's not always just the fittest that survive.
Artful Software Spots Faked Masterpieces A new digital authentication technique supplies forensic art experts with a new tool to distinguish paintings by masters from those by imitators, scientists say.
Birding Column: Backyard Bathing Beauties Birder Mathew Tekulsky describes the bathing habits of birds, explaining the dependence of birds on water.
Comeback Beavers Butt Heads With Humans Once harvested almost to extinction in the northeastern U.S., beavers have returned in such huge numbers that they are becoming a nuisance in some areas.
Gartner: Offshore IT spending to hit \$50 billion Upcoming Gartner study on IT spending for offshoring.
Cingular works to certify Audiovox smart phone for its network Cingular Wireless LLC is testing Audiovox #39;s Windows Mobile smart phone for use on its network, a move indicative of the complications surrounding the carrier #39;s combination with AT amp;T Wireless Services Inc.
Time Warner Shares Rise on Settlement Talks Report Shares of Time Warner Inc rose 2 percent on Tuesday after a report that the world #39;s largest media company was near a settlement with regulators that could limit potential 
Pennsylvania Turnpike Toll Free Due to Strike by Workers The busiest travel weekend of the year is upon us and there will be no tolls on the Pennsylvania Turnpike. It #39;s not some good will gesture on the part of the state, it #39;s due to a strike called by toll collectors.
Group finds 85 hazardous toys The New York Public Interest Research Group (NYPIRG) has published its annual list of toys that it claims can harm or kill children, particularly those with small parts.
US Postal Service wants price hike NEW YORK - The US Postal Service is set to ask early next year for a rise in postage stamp prices of at least 10 percent, the Wall Street Journal reported on Wednesday.
Orders for US durables retreat in October The US manufacturing sector continued to demonstrate that its road to recovery is anything but smooth in October as orders for big-ticket items unexpectedly fell.
Virgin Mary Cheese Sandwich I am surprised this is still making news after so many days. However, if someone pays 28000 dollars for a grilled sandwich it is something.
Linus Torvalds against EU patent directive They are asking the European Union Council to reject this proposal. They claim that software patent directive would be harmful to the European economy.
Now Cellphones Can Get Nasty Virus, Too If you #39;re a Nokia smart phone user, better pay attention...come to think of it, better pay attention even if you aren #39;t. The first malicious virus to attack cell phones seems to target Nokia smart phones.
5.6 Million Choose Firefox In First Two Weeks More than 5.6 million copies of the Firefox 1.0 stand-alone browser have been downloaded in the first two weeks of its release, the Mozilla Foundation said this week.
Anfield #39;s big three make Kop appeal Rafael Benitez, Steven Gerrard and Sami Hyypia have appealed to the Kop to inspire a reprisal of Liverpools great European performances when Olympiacos visit Anfield next month for a critical Champions League match.
Champions League: Group C - Bayern Munich join Juventus as &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The big winners of the night in Group C were Bayern Munich, whose 5-1 drubbing of Maccabi Tel Aviv ensured their passage to the knockout stages.
Dodgers Ink Tracy For Two More Years Los Angeles, CA -- The Los Angeles Dodgers have signed manager Jim Tracy to a two-year contract extension, keeping him with the club through the 2006 season.
Celtic invited to make complaint Glasgow Celtic FC have been invited to make an official complaint after manager Martin O #39;Neill claimed one of his players was the victim of racism.
Guidugli might miss Louisville game Saturday CINCINNATI -- Cincinnati quarterback Gino Guidugli broke a bone in his throwing hand when he slipped outside his home and might miss Saturday #39;s game at Louisville (No.
Iran wants to exempt centrifuges from nuclear freeze It wants to be allowed to operate dozens of centrifuges  quot;for research purposes quot; -- an activity banned under a uranium enrichment freeze Iran just agreed to.
Kashmir is key to peace, says Pakistani PM NEW DELHI:  quot;Who could say some 20 years ago that the Berlin Wall would be a thing of the past, quot; Prime Minister Manmohan Singh had told his Pakistan counterpart Shaukat Aziz on his arrival on Tuesday.
Indonesian police to investigate bribery allegations Indonesia #39;s chief of police is to investigate allegations that the most wanted terrorist in the country, Dr Azahari Husin, escaped arrest by bribing a policeman.
Letter from Jerusalem THIS WEEK, we #39;ve had snow in the north and of locusts in the south, which seems like a pretty fitting illustration for the extremes that exist in this small sliver of the globe.
Bahrain offers to play host as Baghdad urged to expand dialogue Bahrain yesterday offered to host a national conference for Iraq as the interim Iraqi government came under international pressure to broaden dialogue 
Mbeki Plans 3-Day Mission to Ivory Coast--Aide South African President Thabo Mbeki is determined to work hard to end the conflict in Ivory Coast and is likely to spend up to three days there next week, his spokesman said on Wednesday.
Desiring Stability Redskins coach Joe Gibbs expects few major personnel changes in the offseason and wants to instill a culture of stability in Washington.
Jerusalem Unimpressed with Assads Statements (IsraelNN.com) Officials in Jerusalem responding to statements quoting Syrian President Bashar el-Assad report there is nothing new in Syrias position.
Report: Microsoft paid CCIA official  The antitrust settlement between Microsoftand the Computer and Communications Industry Association (CCIA) announced earlier this month included a payment of \$9.75 million to the CCIA's president, according to a report published Wednesday.
Microsoft offers to replace fake copies of Windows XP Software pirates' increasing skill at creating counterfeit versions of Windows XP has prompted Microsoft to introduce a pilot program that offers to verify whether consumers' software is legitimate and replace fake versions with authentic goods.
Intel ramps up support for Linux in Asia Intelhas released its Quick Start Kit for Linux, stepping up support for Asian system integrators that offer Linux-based desktop PCs.
Linux Server Sales Hit a New High For the first time, sales top \$1 billion in one quarter, researcher says.
E-Voting Problems Found in Maryland Reported incidents were likely a small percentage of actual problems, group says.
Report Identifies Dangerous Toys There are still lots of dangerous toys lurking on store shelves across the United States, says a nationwide survey released Tuesday by the US Public Interest Research Group (US PIRG).
Call Service with a Sneer (Reuters) Reuters - Score one for the faceless functionary\on the other end of the telephone line.
BEST OF ECT NEWS Biometrics: ThinkPad and Beyond  quot;Everything is a trade-off, and the techniques used to find the bad guys will be balanced by our democracy and drive for rights of privacy, quot; said security expert Evan Scott.
France and Russia head for final MOSCOW, Russia -- France and Russia both secured two singles victories apiece in their Fed Cup semifinals against Spain and Austria on Wednesday to edge closer to a final showdown.
Dodgers ink Tracy for two more years Los Angeles, CA (Sports Network) - The Los Angeles Dodgers have signed manager Jim Tracy to a two-year contract extension, keeping him with the club through the 2006 season.
Rangers #39; chief speaks in fans #39; defence Rangers chairman David Murray tonight hit back at Celtic manager Martin O #39;Neill #39;s claims that the Ibrox fans are racist and reminded officials at both clubs of their  #39;responsibility in ensuring safety and fair play #39;.
NFL THANKSGIVING DAY FIXED ODDS BETTING PREVIEW On Thursday evening, Sky Sports viewers can tuck into two Thanksgiving Day NFL games. First up is Indianapolis Colts at Detroit Lions, which is then followed by the slightly less appealing Chicago Bears at Dallas Cowboys.
Google and the History of Link Building Google and the History of Link Building\\I can't begin to tell you how sick I am of reading articles and posts that mention the two words "Google" and "penalty" in the same sentence!\\So many webmasters are walking on eggshells these days when it comes to Google, and it just doesn't ...
Ask Jeeves and Lycos Enter the Search Engine Optimization Field Ask Jeeves and Lycos Enter the Search Engine Optimization Field\\In a highly surprising move, two well known smaller search engines have entered the organic search engine optimization market!  Ask Jeeves and Lycos are both offering services in a sector has traditionally maintained a symbiotic but arm's-length relationship with search ...
Ask Jeeves Asks Googles AdWords Ask Jeeves Asks Google's AdWords\\Have you ever spoke with an expert in a field and asked them a question about a topic they should have the answer to, but they respond that they need to ask someone else? Well, what about Ask Jeeves? You do a search at Ask Jeeves, ...
MSN Search Beta Not Ranking MSN Search Blog MSN Search Beta Not Ranking MSN Search Blog\\Ok, I lied in the title of the thread (original title was "penalizing MSN Search Blog"), but it did get you to click over from your RSS feed aggregator, didn't it? ;) But there is some truth to this title, MSN Search Beta ...
Mozilla Firefox Internet Browser Market Share Gains to 7.4 Mozilla Firefox Internet Browser Market Share Gains to 7.4\\The latest survey from OneStat.com shows what was expected. Firefox is gaining on Internet Explorer and pretty rapidly. As per the reports, Mozilla Foundation has taken a 7.4 market share gaining more than 5 since May. Microsoft rsquo;s Internet Explorer has dropped down ...
Virgin Mary Grilled Cheese Sells on eBay for \$28,000 Virgin Mary Grilled Cheese Sells on eBay for \$28,000\\Remember the Virgin Mary grilled cheese sandwich that was put up on eBay and hit bids up to \$16,000 last week. Well, the bidding in finally done on the miracle hot lunch and the final bid on the blessed sandwich came in ...
News: Poison applet peril affects IE, Opera and Firefox A vulnerability in a Java plug-in from Sun Microsystems used by most web browsers poses a risk for users of IE and alternative browsers alike.
News: Career database 'wide open' to hijacking An on-line database containing the career and contact details of over 22 million business people can be edited by anyone.
Airlines Cough Up Passenger Data After initial complaints about the government order, U.S. airlines finally comply, turning over a massive amount of information about travelers so the feds can test a screening system. By Ryan Singel.
Playing the Touching Game Its touch panel makes the Nintendo DS a unique and fun gadget, although the system and the current crop of games don't use it to its fullest. By Chris Kohler.
Newspapers Should Really Worry It's no secret that the internet threatens the newspaper business. But there's increasing evidence that young people are dumping print in favor of screens at a faster clip than anyone suspected. Commentary by Adam L. Penenberg.
Dive! Dive! Dive! Next fall, a team will venture to the Mariana Trench to drop a remotely operated camera system 7 miles down to the bottom of the deepest spot on Earth. Here are some milestones on the voyage to the bottom of the sea. By Michael Menduno from Wired magazine.
The Drive to Discover The need to push our boundaries is in our DNA. We can't afford not to go to Mars -- or anyplace else, for that matter. By James Cameron for Wired magazine.
Database Flawed, Not Malevolent Although Florida election officials are chastized for being lax in monitoring the company that built a lousy database for tracking felons and dead voters, an internal audit concludes that there was no intent to disenfranchise anyone.
Retailers Hope to Lure Shoppers Into Malls (AP) AP - The nation's retailers are hoping furry ponchos, fur-lined flip-flops, and sweater sets adorned with multiple broaches will excite shoppers this holiday season and lure them into stores and malls earlier than in previous years.
Falluja Rebels Had Enough Arms to Rule Iraq -U.S. (Reuters) Reuters - Arab militants and\insurgents who ruled the volatile city of Falluja before a\U.S.-led offensive this month had enough weapons to take over\all of Iraq, Marine officers said on Wednesday.
US consumer confidence falls short in November US consumer sentiment improved at a slower pace than expected in November despite an improving labour market and easing energy prices.
Cavaliers Activate Forward Luke Jackson (AP) AP - Cavaliers forward Luke Jackson was activated Wednesday after missing five games because of tendinitis in his right knee. Cleveland also placed forward Sasha Pavlovic on the injured list.
Cassini captures Tethys in all her glory In a portrait of perfect composition, Saturns moon Tethys has been captured hanging suspended in space just below the planets horizon.
AMD #39;s Mobile Sempron Takes On Intel AMD #39;s latest Mobile AMD Sempron 3000 is set to go head to head with Intel #39;s high-end Centrino CPUs. The AMD processor offers Enhanced Virus Protection designed to prevent the spread of malicious viruses when 
Add-ons Extend Firefox Growth The recent success of the Firefox movement -- thousands of volunteers spreading the Gospel of Mozilla to every corner of the Internet -- is spawning a new kind of growth.
Rafter dies in Grand Canyon National Park GRAND CANYON NATIONAL PARK, Ariz. - A 62-year-old man from Phoenix died after his boat overturned on the Colorado River, a Grand Canyon spokeswoman said Wednesday.
The sun sets on the VCR The likely death of the video recorder - as reflected in the decision of Dixons not to stock them any more because of the popularity of DVDs - will come as a post-dated relief for millions of adults who claimed never to be able to programme them in the 
Report Shows Uptick in Automated Phishing eBay, PayPal, Microsoft and others -- is increasing. The report gave greater focus to the server side of 
Ryanair, easyJet expand flights to Italy after Volare bankruptcy (AFP) AFP - Ryanair and easyJet both announced plans to expand in the Italian market following the collapse of the low-cost airline Volare, which has declared insolvency and suspended flights and ticket sales.
Davidson #39;s F1 test with Williams in limbo According to some reports, Honda are prepared to put their foot down on Davidson #39;s planned outing with the rival F1 team next month in Jerez, Spain.
Freed UN hostages meet Karzai, prepare to head home (AFP) AFP - Three UN workers freed after almost four weeks in captivity in Afghanistan met President Hamid Karzai and said freedom felt "wonderful" as the first of them flew home for a reunion with his family.
Deputy Director: CIA Not 'Dysfunctional' (AP) AP - Countering severe criticism of the CIA, the agency's departing deputy director called for an end to the "tirades and hyperbole" that he said are hampering constructive debate about needed intelligence reform.
Israel offers UK key peace role The UK can play a "key role" in helping Israel and the Palestinians achieve peace, Israel's Foreign Minister says.
Roethlisberger, Vilma See Early Successes (AP) AP - Rookie quarterbacks don't have immediate success in the NFL. Neither do first-year middle linebackers. The positions simply are too complicated and too critical, and coaches won't trust them to the novice.
No cherries at Pak PMs breakfast The accent betrays his days as a banker in New York. The subject of his opening comments-the possibilities on trade, South Asias poor record on human development despite its rich human potential, etc sounds almost like Manmohan Singh.
US sweeps Iraqi Sunni  #39;hotspots #39; More than 5,000 US-led forces are sweeping through lawless hotspots in an area south of Baghdad known as Iraq #39;s  quot;triangle of death quot;.
Sirius Shares Fall on Analyst Downgrade Sirius Satellite Radio Inc. slipped more than 10 percent in Wednesday trading after a J.P. Morgan analyst downgraded the stock and told investors to take profits following a three-month run-up.
Update 1: Judge Won #39;t Approve PeopleSoft Settlement A proposal to settle a lawsuit brought last year by shareholders of PeopleSoft Inc. failed to clear court Wednesday after a judge found it unfairly cut off their right to sue over the company #39;s resistance to a takeover by Oracle Corp.
Cingular To Cut Jobs By 10 The CEO of Cingular acknowledged earlier this week that it expects to cut up to 10 percent of its 68,000-person workforce in the next year and a half.
Report: Time Warner Near Deal With SEC There #39;s a report that the Securities and Exchange Commission and Time Warner are close to a settlement over accounting questions at the media giant #39;s America Online unit.
Nortel attempts to calm fears of possible stock delisting Nortel Networks Ltd. said both the New York Stock Exchange and the Toronto Stock Exchange are not considering delisting the company as yet.
Ryanair, easyJet expand flights to Italy after Volare bankruptcy LONDON (AFP) - Ryanair and easyJet both announced plans to expand in the Italian market following the collapse of the low-cost airline Volare, which has declared insolvency and suspended flights and ticket sales.
Nets' Jefferson Helps Handicapped Girl (AP) AP - Richard Jefferson hasn't forgotten the lessons taught by his missionary parents. A couple of hours before a brawl between Indiana and Detroit gave the NBA a black eye last week, Jefferson quietly showed the charitable side of the league's players.
Casino pays \$28,000 for Holy toast An internet casino has purchased a grilled cheese sandwich on eBay that bears the image of the Virgin Mary. Despite being 10 years old and having one bite taken out of it, the slice of Heaven has, perhaps miraculously, stayed free of mould.
Microsoft Offers Olive Branch to XP Counterfeit Users Microsoft Corp. is offering an olive branch to users of pirated versions of the Windows XP operating system. The software giant on Wednesday unveiled the Windows XP Counterfeit Project in the UK, offering 
Pockmarked face of Saturn #39;s icy moon The Cassini spacecraft has returned the best-ever view of the icy Tethys, one of the moons of Saturn, depicting its battered 1060km-diameter surface in this photograph released by Nasa.
IBM signs 100 software vendors to Workplace platform NOVEMBER 24, 2004 (COMPUTERWORLD) - IBM yesterday announced that 100 independent software vendors have signed on to use software from its Workplace initiative, a new client computing model that gives employees a single way to access, share and manage 
Magnetic Beaks Help Birds Navigate, Study Says The findings add to the debate over whether pigeons and other birds chart their flight paths by using a magnetic sense or by following scent clues in the atmosphere.
AMD #39;s Mobile Sempron Chips Away at Centrino The AMD processor, which is designed to compete with Intel #39;s high-end Centrino chips, offers extra protection against the spread of malicious viruses when enabled by Microsoft Windows XP SP2.
Mozilla Firefox Internet Browser Market Share Gains to 7.4 The latest survey from OneStat.com shows what was expected. Firefox is gaining on Internet Explorer and pretty rapidly. As per the reports, Mozilla Foundation has taken a 7.4 market share gaining more than 5 since May.
Arctic Council shies from warming recommendations Faced with fresh evidence of rapid warming at the top of the globe, members of the Arctic Council on Wednesday shied from making any commitments to combat the problem.
Grand Canyon torrent begins GRAND CANYON NATIONAL PARK - Scientists flooded the Grand Canyon yesterday to restore beaches and save fish and plants that have been disappearing since sediment-free water began flowing from a dam 40 years ago.
Many underage boys have little trouble buying M-rated games The Minneapolis-based National Institute on Media and the Family has just released its annual video game report card in Washington.
Jaguar workers to vote on strike action, stage protest (AFP) AFP - Thousands of Jaguar car workers will begin voting next week on strike action over plans to halt production at a British plant with the loss of over 1,000 jobs, union leaders said.
New Mexico State Fires Coach Tony Samuel (AP) AP - New Mexico State coach Tony Samuel was fired Wednesday after leading the Aggies to just two winning seasons in eight years.
New Computer Associates CEO to Get Bonus (AP) AP - Computer Associates International Inc., a business software company embroiled in an accounting scandal, is giving its new chief executive, John Swainson, a pay package that totals more than  #36;8.6 million in salary, signing bonuses and stock.
NBA #39;s Stern is self-serving  quot;It is too difficult to think nobly when one thinks only of earning a living. quot;. In the wake of one of the more violent incidents in National Basketball Association 
Champions League: Bayern beats Maccabi Tel Aviv 5-1 to advance Bayern Munich booked a place in the second round of the Champions League by strolling past Maccabi Tel Aviv 5-1 on Tuesday. Claudio Pizarro, Hasan Salihamidzic and Torsten Frings scored in a first half dominated by Bayern.
ICC monitoring developments as England stay in SAfrica The International Cricket Council (ICC) is continuing to monitor developments over England #39;s tour of Zimbabwe after the players were told on Wednesday to stay in South Africa overnight.
Cricket: Black Caps offered help from Greg Chappell ADELAIDE - New Zealand cricket coach John Bracewell has not ruled out tapping the knowledge of former Australian captain Greg Chappell as the tourists plot to avoid a repeat of their first test humiliation.
Jim Tracy to Return As Dodgers Manager LOS ANGELES - Dodgers manager Jim Tracy agreed Wednesday to a two-year contract after leading Los Angeles to its first postseason appearance in eight years.
Rangers Fans Unhappy With O #39;Neill Rangers fans have reacted angrily to suggestions from the Celtic manager Martin ONeill that his midfielder Neil Lennon was the victim of sectarian and racial abuse during the Old Firm game at the weekend.
Air-India Plans to Buy 50 New Aircraft (AP) AP - The board of national carrier Air-India on Wednesday approved the purchase of 50 new aircraft as part of an ambitious expansion program, an airline spokesman said Wednesday.
Musharraf formula not for India: Aziz India News New Delhi, Nov 24 Giving a decent burial to Gen Pervez Musharraf #39;s controversial seven-region formula on Kashmir, India and Pakistan today decided to operationalise the much talked about Srinagar-Muzaffarabad bus service as early as possible and hold the 
Blast kills two US soldiers in Afghanistan Two US soldiers were killed and one wounded on Wednesday in a blast caused by an improvised bomb while they were on patrol in central Afghanistan, the US military said.
Paisley Sincere About Deal with Republicans - Ahern Irish premier Bertie Ahern said tonight he was confident the Rev Ian Paisley was sincere about striking a deal with republicans. He said he could understand the rationale behind the Democratic 
French action in Ivory Coast a mistake, says Kadhafi PARIS, Nov 24 (AFP) - France #39;s military intervention in Ivory Coast was a mistake, Libyan leader Moamer Kadhafi said Wednesday in an interview published ahead of President Jacques Chirac #39;s visit to Tripoli.
Laser Technique Used to Treat Bad Breath (Reuters) Reuters - If brushing and mouthwash don't improve\bad breath, an Israeli scientist may have the solution -- laser\treatment.
Ukraine opposition calls strike Ukrainian opposition leader Viktor Yushchenko calls for a general strike as he rejects the presidential poll result.
Aziz Says Pakistan Wants Peace With India (AP) AP - Insisting it was time for peace between Pakistan and India, Pakistan's prime minister said Wednesday that the two nuclear-armed rivals had the chance to "prove the pundits of gloom and doom wrong."
Brazil Says Gets UN Go-Ahead for Uranium Enrichment &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; BRASILIA, Brazil (Reuters) - Brazil said on Wednesday itgot a go-ahead from the U.N. nuclear watchdog to crank up itsuranium enrichment plant this year after months of negotiationsover access for nonproliferation inspectors.&lt;/p&gt;
Brazil Says Gets UN Go-Ahead for Uranium Enrichment &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; RIO DE JANEIRO, Brazil (Reuters) - Brazil's uraniumenrichment plant in Resende will start working before the endof the year after getting a go-ahead from the United Nations'nuclear watchdog, the country's Science and Technology Ministersaid on Wednesday.&lt;/p&gt;
Sirius Shares Fall on Analyst Downgrade Sirius Satellite Radio Inc. slipped more than 10 percent in Wednesday trading after a JP Morgan analyst downgraded the stock and told investors to take profits following a three-month run-up.
 #39;Skulls #39; Virus Disables Smartphone Apps A malicious code dubbed  quot;Skulls quot; was launched from Web sites that offered phone users downloads of wallpaper, games and ring tones.
S.C. Assistants Asked to Stay on Staff (AP) AP - Three of Lou Holtz's assistant coaches will remain at South Carolina under new coach Steve Spurrier, though their assignments may change.
AN INDIAN JOURNEY Kanpur: Thankfully not a metropolis One thing you learn over the years is how Indian spectators love to get involved, even when the match is as dead as this one. It places them in a unique position and the pity is that a game that offered so much turned out the way it did.
Explosion kills 2 US soldiers in southern Afghanistan A bomb exploded near a US patrol in southern Afghanistan Wednesday, killing two American soldiers and wounding another, the military said.
Phishing on the increase, group says Online phishing schemes increased significantly in October as financial institutions struggled to combat attempts to steal private account information from online consumers, according to the Anti-Phishing Working Group (APWG). 
SAP expands offshore to cater to growth markets BANGALORE, INDIA - SAPplans to more than double the number of staff at its software development centers in Bangalore, India, and Shanghai by 2006, and is also considering setting up a new development center in Eastern Europe, according to a company executive.
Judge backs PeopleSoft shareholders A PROPOSAL to settle a lawsuit brought last year by PeopleSoft shareholders has failed to clear court, after a judge found it unfairly cut off their right to sue over the company #39;s resistance to a takeover by Oracle.
Recording companies sign deal to sell songs over new file-sharing &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Three major recording companies have agreed to make their music available to be shared and sold over a new online file-swapping service that aims to lure music fans away from rival 
Sony TV, China Film Unveil Joint Venture The television unit of Japan #39;s Sony Corp and a division of China Film Group on Wednesday unveiled a joint venture to make Chinese language TV shows under a new Chinese law that allows such co-ventures.
Boyd Gaming Buys Land Next to Stardust Las Vegas Boyd Gaming has acquired 13 acres adjacent to the southwest side of its Stardust Resort and Casino on the Las Vegas Strip, the casino operator said in a regulatory filing.
ArvinMeritor Sells Coil Coating Unit Auto and Truck component supplier ArvinMeritor Inc. on Wednesday said it sold its Roll Coater Inc. coil coating unit for about \$162.5 million to an affiliate of private equity firm Willis Stein  amp; Partners.
US Travelers Face Weather Delays on Holiday Journey (Update3) Travelers faced weather delays across the US as they took to the highways and airways today to begin what industry experts say will be the biggest Thanksgiving travel weekend since 2000.
Toy Safety More than 200,000 children were injured by last year by their own toys according to Texas Public Interest Research Group. The group says there #39;s more to toys than meets the eye.
BoC says US dollar pulled down by deficits, rates The US fiscal and current account deficits, and low interest rates, are driving the greenback down against other currencies but it is difficult to predict how fast and far it will go, Bank of Canada Governor David Dodge said on 
Judge Blocks MPAA #39;s Mass Suits A week after members of the Motion Picture Association of America filed 11 lawsuits against hundreds of people they accused of using file-sharing networks to share copies of movies, a US District Court judge found the process improper and ordered the 
Huntsman Files for \$1.6 Billion IPO Huntsman Corp., one of the world #39;s largest chemical makers, on Wednesday said it plans to sell about \$1.6 billion of its common shares in an initial public offering, according to a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
Online casino pays 28 grand for  #39;religious icon #39; grilled cheese Today, they forked over more than 28-thousand dollars for half a grilled cheese sandwich that #39;s more than ten years old. The seller claims it bears the image of the Virgin Mary.
JFK Reloaded Game Causes Controversy Game invites users to play the role of JFK #39;s assassin, causing some observers to wonder whether video games have gone too far.
Response to Arctic climate report a modest victory &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; In a move environmentalists call a modest victory, the world #39;s eight Arctic nations, including the United States, have agreed that climate change is threatening northern ecosystems and greenhouse gases must be limited.
Microsoft proposes piracy amnesty com November 24, 2004, 2:29 PM PT. This fourth priority #39;s main focus has been enterprise directories for several months, but for many IT managers, ERP (enterprise resource planning) and open source initiatives are on the horizon.
Intel Helps Asian PC Partners Ship With Linux Intel, seeing growing demand for Linux desktop systems in the Asia-Pacific region, is stepping up its outreach efforts to channel partners.
Mozilla #39;s share is rising The latest web browser usage survey shows Mozilla #39;s share is rising at the expense of Internet Explorer. The browser has increased its market share to 7.4 percent, from 2.1 percent in May.
Video Game Report Card Helps Parents Goal is to assist moms and dads in buying family-friendly entertainment for their kids. Video games are a popular item on the Christmas wish lists of kids, which 
Apple Deepens Sony #39;s Woes as Cute #39; iPod Takes Off in Japan Juliana Sasaki didn #39;t bother checking out Sony Corp. #39;s digital music player in Tokyo before buying her green iPod mini. I knew Sony and other companies had MP3 players, but they can 
Phishing on the increase Online phishing schemes increased significantly in October as financial institutions struggled to combat attempts to steal private account information from online consumers, according to the Anti-Phishing Working Group (APWG).
Milan, Barcelona, PSV reach last 16 while Gunners have two sent &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; AC Milan, Barcelona and PSV Eindhoven advanced Wednesday night to the second round of the European Champions League, but Arsenal had two players ejected and played its fourth straight tie.
Smith Denies Quitting Pompey It had been thought the clubs assistant manager had handed in his resignation earlier today when boss Harry Redknapp announced he was quitting the south coast club.
Russia, France 2-0 up Russia and France are on track for a meeting in the Fed Cup final in Moscow after both teams took 2-0 leads following the first day of their respective semi-finals.
Redmond joins Twins Minneapolis, MN (Sports Network) - The Minnesota Twins announced Wednesday that the club has reached an agreement with free-agent catcher Mike Redmond on a two-year contract.
Dean Scores 30 Points to Lead Louisville Over Stanford MAUI, Hawaii (Sports Network) - Taquan Dean poured in a game-high 30 points and Francisco Garcia added 16 points to lead 12th-ranked Louisville over Stanford, 82-67, in the fifth place game of the Maui Invitational at the Lahaina Civic Center.
SC Assistants Asked to Stay on Staff South Carolina #39;s new football coach Steve Spurrier gestures during a news conference Tuesday, Nov. 23, 2004, at Williams-Brice Stadium in Columbia, SC (AP Photo/Mary Ann Chastain).
Rematch Doesn't Necessarily Mean Repeat Like the Jets-Chargers matchup, all of the weekend's N.F.L. wild-card playoff games feature one intriguing theme: You again?
US, Iraqi forces press raids south of Baghdad BAGHDAD - Thousands of US troops and Iraqi forces pursued a campaign of raids on suspected guerrilla bases in Sunni Muslim towns and villages south of Baghdad on Wednesday, the US military said.
Dolphins save schoolgirls The bottlenose dolphins formed a protective shield around Niccy Howes, 15, and her friends, reports the Sun. The girls thought the dolphins were playing as they swam round them in tight circles, thrashing their tails near a New Zealand beach.
UN Mission Warns Rwanda On Its Threat to Strike Rebels in DR of &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The United Nations today called on Rwanda to respect international law following its threat to strike against rebels based in the Democratic Republic of the Congo (DRC), warning that the UN mission #39;s mandate in the DRC includes preventing the peace 
Unlocking Value at Altria Plus, talking turkey with Hormel, a peek into toyland, and Sirius demonic possession.
Maytag Stuck in Spin Cycle The appliance maker freezes pay and asks workers to quit, but rewards its executives with stock options.
An Entertaining Holiday Pick Hastings, a multimedia retailer, trims losses and raises full-year guidance.
Investor, Check Your Sources Robust research doesn't guarantee success, but Pedro Zuloaga insists it stacks your odds.
Congress Passes Stop-Gap Measure to Fund Government (Reuters) Reuters - The U.S. Congress was forced to pass\a temporary measure keeping the government open on Wednesday\after one embarrassing clause allowing lawmakers to see\individual tax returns held up a crucial  #36;388 billion spending\bill.
FDA Whistleblower Earns Kudos, Criticism (AP) AP - David Graham says he was surprised by the reception he got back at his Food and Drug Administration office after telling Congress the government had allowed unsafe drugs to remain on the market.
In pockets of Fallujah, US troops still face harsh battles Just four insurgents tied down a Marine company for hours in a nighttime battle.
Sex charges haunt UN forces In places like Congo and Kosovo, peacekeepers have been accused of abusing the people they're protecting.
Israeli army under fire after killing girl A video aired on Israeli TV, with the audio portion revealing defense forces shooting a 13-year-old girl in Gaza.
UK honour for director Zeffirelli Film-maker Franco Zeffirelli is the first Italian citizen to receive an honorary knighthood from Britain.
Football: Nine-man Arsenal draw Lauren and Patrick Vieira are sent off as Arsenal draw against PSV Eindhoven in the Champions League.
Microsoft, Sun to talk about cooperation Microsoft and Sun Microsystems on December 1 will deliver a joint update on their collaborations pursuant to an April 2004 technology-sharing agreement to boost interoperability between the two vendors products, according to a Microsoft representative on Wednesday.
A's Want Kendall Three-time All-Star catcher Jason Kendall has waved a no-trade that could send him from the Pittsburgh Pirates to the Oakland Athletics.
JFK Reloaded Game Causes Controversy Game invites users to play the role of JFK's assassin, causing some observers to wonder whether video games have gone too far.
U.S. and 7 Countries Weigh New Findings on Arctic Climate The nations expressed concern about climate change but did not agree on a common strategy for curbing emissions.
Pacers Holding Tough After Suspensions (AP) AP - Immediately after Jamaal Tinsley made a layup in the third quarter that got the Indiana Pacers rolling to an improbable win over Boston, he raised his hand and extended three fingers.
No. 12 Louisville Drops Stanford 82-67 (AP) AP - Taquan Dean scored 30 points and No. 12 Louisville beat Stanford 82-67 Wednesday in the fifth-place game of the Maui Invitational, the Cardinals' first win this season over a Division I team.
NHLPA to Begin Lockout Pay to Players (AP) AP - The NHL players' association will begin issuing lockout pay to more than 730 players. Payments will start this month, and players will get  #36;10,000 each for November and another  #36;10,000 for December, with subsequent monthly payments varying between  #36;5,000 or  #36;10,000, The Canadian Press reported.
Pitt Looks to Upset No. 21 West Virginia (AP) AP - Maybe Pittsburgh has finally discovered how to wear down playmaking West Virginia quarterback Rasheed Marshall: Tire him out before the game.
Fenerbahce to the UEFA cup, Manchester and Lyon to 2nd Round The yellow Canaries rose to six points by defeating the Czech champions for the second time by the same score as they had defeated them in the first leg in Istanbul.
Federer Names Roche as Part-Time Coach  DOHA (Reuters) - World number one Roger Federer made a  surprise announcement Tuesday when he revealed that Australian  Tony Roche will be his new coach on a part-time basis.
Regulators Seek Information From 2 Firms (AP) AP - American Funds and Edward Jones  amp; Co. are among the financial firms that regulators are requesting information from in a sweeping examination into sales and disclosure of 529 college-savings plans.
Toys R Us Wants to Prevent Piecemeal Sale (Reuters) Reuters - Toys R Us Inc. , which is\selling its toy business, will "strongly discourage" suitors\from trying to buy only the choicest parts of the company when\they submit a second round of bids after the holidays, sources\familiar with the situation said on Wednesday.
U.S. Dollar Dips to New Low Against Euro The U.S. dollar slid to a new low Wednesday against the euro, which rose to an all-time high of \$1.3179 in late New York trading, breaking a day-old record as jittery markets kept up pressure on the U.S. currency.
Oil Prices Slip After Weekly U.S. Energy Report Crude oil futures rose Wednesday ahead of an extended weekend for traders, even though weekly government data showed rising domestic inventories of crude and distillate fuel, which includes heating oil.
Judge: MCI May Have Violated Court Order on Certain Fees A federal judge in Manhattan said Wednesday that MCI Inc., formerly known as WorldCom, may have violated a court order by paying more than \$25 million in professional services fees as part of its bankruptcy proceedings.
Mixed signals from Dodge on interest rates OTTAWA - David Dodge said he remained  quot;broadly comfortable quot; with the key economic assumptions underlying the current monetary policy of the Bank of Canada, which forecasts further interest rate cuts are likely over time.
Casino Forks Over \$28K for Cheese Sandwich HOLLYWOOD, Fla. - An online casino forked over \$28,000 Wednesday to the owner of a 10-year-old, partially eaten cheese sandwich thought to be embedded with the image of the Virgin Mary - and then sent the  quot;religious icon quot; on a world tour.
Civilization sold off to mystery buyer Struggling publisher Infogrames nets \$22.3 million by hocking its powerhouse strategy franchise to an as-yet unidentified company.
No discipline worries at Arsenal, says Wenger Manager Arsene Wenger denied Arsenal have a disciplinary problem after his team finished with only nine men in Wednesday #39;s 1-1 Champions League draw at PSV Eindhoven.
Fergie #39;s 1000 reasons to smile MANCHESTER United gave manager Sir Alex Ferguson the perfect gift to mark his 1000th game with the club yesterday, a 2-1 win against Lyon that sends the Red Devils into the second round of the Champions League.
Holyfield appeals medical suspension NEW YORK (AFP) - Former world heavyweight champion Evander Holyfield is appealing a medical suspension imposed upon him by the New York State Athletic Commission following his loss to fellow American Larry Donald.
Annan Starts Reshuffling UN Staff for Reform Push  UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - U.N. Secretary-General Kofi  Annan on Monday chose the high-profile British head of a key  agency as his new chief of staff, the start of a reshuffle  aimed at instituting U.N. reforms and combating scandals.
Peru Lawmakers Urge Court: Don't Free Berenson (Reuters) Reuters - The head of Peru's Congress on\Wednesday urged the region's top rights court not to order the\freedom of a New Yorker jailed for collaboration with leftist\rebels, saying it had to realize "this lady is a terrorist."
Ex-premier Bouchard still being treated for peritonitis in Montreal hospital (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - MONTREAL (CP) - Ex-premier Lucien Bouchard, recently hospitalized for peritonitis, hasn't been responding to antibiotic treatment but his life is not in danger, a hospital said Wednesday.
Iran Seeks to Loosen Some Restrictions Tehran is now demanding the right to run some key equipment for research purposes, European and Iranian officials said.
Sony Pictures TV Forms Venture With Hua Long in China (Update1) Sony Corp. #39;s Sony Pictures Television International unit says it formed a joint venture with China #39;s Hua Long Film Digital Production Co.
US and 7 Countries Weigh New Findings on Arctic Climate The United States and the seven other countries with Arctic territory today expressed concern about profound changes in the Arctic climate and said they would consider new scientific findings 
Pigeons Use Magnetic Particles To Navigate Homing pigeons suddenly lost their navigational ability when magnets were attached to their beaks or if their beaks were anaesthetized, University of North Carolina researcher Cordula Mora found.
Firefox Reviewed - a browser for Microsoft haters Written by Net 4 Nowt Anyone reading technology news articles can not have failed to have read something about a new web browser currently doing the rounds.
Parents of Wal-Mart heiress give up rights to name arena after her JEFFERSON CITY, Mo. The University of Missouri #39;s new sports arena is looking for a new name. The Paige Sports Arena opened three weeks ago, named in honor of Wal-Mart heiress Elizabeth Paige Laurie and a gift to the school from her parents.
A's, Pirates Close to Trade for Kendall (AP) AP - Three-time All-Star catcher Jason Kendall was close to being traded from the Pittsburgh Pirates to the Oakland Athletics for a pair of pitchers, a baseball official told The Associated Press on Wednesday.
US to Urge EU to Get Tough on Iran Nuclear Aims The United States will press the EU to get tough with Iran at a meeting of the UN #39;s nuclear watchdog on Thursday, urging a trigger for UN Security Council action if Tehran resumes any uranium enrichment work.
UN says Sudanese rebel leaders violating ceasefire agreement KHARTOUM - The United Nations has condemned the takeover of a town in Darfur by rebels. The UN #39;s envoy to Sudan, Jan Pronk, says the assault leading to the capture violates a ceasefire agreement signed by rebel leaders.
Briton to hunt Bosnia war criminals A BRITISH general is taking over in Bosnia, where the worlds two most-wanted indicted war criminals have evaded capture for nearly a decade.
Ruling delayed in Peoplesoft case A crucial legal ruling in Oracle #39;s takeover bid for Peoplesoft has been delayed after a judge said he needs to hear further evidence in the case.
Weak US dollar could hurt growth, slow rate increases by central &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; OTTAWA (CP) - Sustained weakness in the US dollar will dampen American demand for Canadian products at the same time the global economy also appears to be slowing, Bank of Canada Governor David Dodge warned Wednesday.
United asks court to void contracts Says it needs to save an additional \$725M and also asks for pension relief; strikes loom. NEW YORK (Reuters) - The parent of United Airlines Inc.
Study Confirms Pigeon Navigation Theory Nov. 24, 2004 - Scientists believe they have confirmed theories that homing pigeons are able to carry out their long-range navigational feat thanks to tiny magnetic particles in their upper beaks.
Chimes up for Redknapp Harry Redknapp quit Portsmouth after the relationship with chairman Milan Mandaric became untenable, though the manager diplomatically said he simply felt it was time for a break.
Ruthless Bayern BAYERN Munich eased into the last 16 with a resounding 5-1 win over Maccabi Tel-Aviv this morning, as Ajax #39;s 1-0 loss to Juventus means Bayern finish runners-up in the group.
ICC would back England in vote England will avoid financial sanctions if they pull out of their tour to Zimbabwe. According to sources, the majority of Test-playing countries would back the England and Wales Cricket Board 
Brewers' Deal for Damian Miller on Hold (AP) AP - Damian Miller headed home Wednesday, still waiting for the Brewers to finalize his contract. The 35-year-old Wisconsin native was in Milwaukee, hoping to be introduced as the Brewers' new starting catcher. But the club canceled its news conference after it couldn't complete its medical evaluation, the final step needed to finalize his  #36;8.75 million, three-year deal.
Earthquake shakes northern Italy An earthquake with a magnitude of 5.2 is felt across large areas of north Italy.  
America Online Reports Drop in Spam America Online said that spammers were starting to give up - at least when it came to sending junk to its subscribers.
Toy Safety: Common Sense and Consumer Protection If toys are on your holiday gift list, it #39;s always great to be the one who gives the best toy. Don #39;t forget about safety. Just because a toy is on the store shelf doesn #39;t mean it #39;s safe.
Linux Server Sales Hit a New High Quarterly sales of servers running the Linux operating system topped \$1 billion for the first time during the third quarter of 2004, analyst company IDC reported Wednesday.
Auburn's Defense Might Be Tops, at Least (AP) AP - Auburn's defense, at least, made a decent case for No. 1.
Chiefs Insist They've Plenty to Play For (AP) AP - When Tony Gonzalez heard somebody on the radio say the Kansas City Chiefs had nothing left to play for, it almost made his blood boil.
Apple Sues to Halt OS X Release on Net Apple Computer has sued three software developers, contending they distributed versions of its OS X computer operating system on the Internet.
Leading Chinese TV Exporter Has Huge Loss China's biggest television exporter announced losses stemming in part from declining sales and a scandal involving its biggest U.S. customer.
Wenger Hits Out at Ref Arsene Wenger accused referee Herbert Fandel of double-standards after Arsenal battled to keep their Champions League hopes alive with nine men in Eindhoven.
Larry Brown returns to coach Pistons Pistons coach Larry Brown came back to the defending NBA champions on crutches Wednesday, returning to Detroit #39;s bench after being told by doctors it was OK to travel.
Battling Celtic bow out but Uefa Cup spot beckons CELTIC silenced their critics last night, and a fair chunk of the Nou Camp, by producing a remarkable display of defiance to dent Barcelonas omnipotence in their own backyard.
Apologies placate chairman on racism penalty DAVID GOLD, the Birmingham City chairman, initially felt that the punishment given yesterday to a Blackburn Rovers supporter who racially abused Dwight Yorke last Sunday was too lenient.
Sponsorship dispute depletes Windies line-up Brian Lara and other West Indies cricket stars are unlikely to travel to Australia for a one-day international series as a result of a controversy surrounding rival sponsors.
AS Monaco 1 - 0 Liverpool LIVERPOOL #39;S chances of reaching the next stage of the Champions League took a dent here last night when a goal from Javier Saviola just after the interval was enough to give Monaco all three points.
Holyfield bids to keep fighting Evander Holyfield is appealing against a medical suspension imposed upon him following his defeat by Larry Donald. The former world heavyweight champion was suspended by the New York State Athletic Commission 
Kaizai hails UN hostages #39; release Afghan President Hamid Karzai (1st R) meets with three United Nations workers Philippine diplomat Angelito Nayan (1st L), Kosovan Shqipe Hebibi (2nd L) and Annetta Flanigan from Northern Ireland (3rd L) at the Afghan presidential palace in Kabul, Nov 24 
Syria May Be Ready to Resume Peace Talks with Israel According to United Nations envoy Terje Roed-Larsen, Syrian President Bashar Assad is now willing to restart peace negotiations with Israel  #39;without pre-conditions.
Awash in Coverage, and in the Spin Cycle By now, bits and pieces of the Pacers-Pistons brawl have joined O. J.'s Bronco ride and the Zapruder film in the pantheon of numbingly overviewed news events.
Knicks Make a So-So Climb Into First Place The Atlantic Division may be mediocre, but the Knicks can claim a modest achievement early in their season - they are in first place.
EU, Japan on Hold, Awaiting WTO Green Light to Hit Back at US US questions about how Japan and the European Union would retaliate against a law that has handed more than \$750 million in customs duties to US companies stalled World Trade Organization approval of the sanctions today.
Travelers face record crowds at airports Long lines and traffic delays greeted travelers in the Washington region who were headed out of town Wednesday for Thanksgiving, one of the busiest travel times of the year.
RMI Tentative Agreement Reached The thought of spending a second year in a lockout was one of the reasons why a tentative agreement was reached between RMI union officials and the companys management.
Blogs Provide Raw Details From Scene of the Disaster For vivid reporting from the enormous zone of tsunami disaster, it was hard to beat the blogs.
Retail in Review: More Bah Than Sis-Boom Analysts have offered their latest judgment of the Christmas shopping season: good, but not great, although online sales set records.
Cos. to Sell Songs on File-Share Service (AP) AP - Three major recording companies have agreed to make their music available to be shared and sold over a new online file-swapping service that aims to lure music fans away from rival services where trading of music and movies remains unfettered.
Opposition Calls for Strike in Ukraine (AP) AP - Opposition leaders called Wednesday for a nationwide strike to shut down factories, schools and transportation after officials declared Ukraine's pro-Kremlin prime minister the winner of a presidential runoff election that many countries denounced as rigged.
Iconic grilled cheese whips us Net frenzy  2004-11-24  Diana Duyser will soon become \$28,000 richer, courtesy her 10-year-old sandwich. It #39;s no ordinary sandwitch, though.
Microsoft Will Replace Fake Copies of XP UK users will be able to replace pirated versions of Windows that they have purchased. Software pirates #39; increasing skill at creating counterfeit versions of Windows XP has prompted Microsoft to introduce 
IBM Signs Up 100 Vendors for  #39;Workplace #39; IBM said the strategy is to enable companies to centrally manage business applications and tools across employee devices. That should help companies cut IT support costs as well as build work 
Ch. League: Milan, Barca, power through AC Milan and Barcelona joined the other powerhouses in the second round of the Champions League on Wednesday while Arsenal had two players sent off in a fourth tie in a row and still isn #39;t there yet.
Roundup: It #39;s consolation time on Maui Freshman guard Daniel Gibson scored 19 points and started Texas #39; run of second-half 3-pointers Wednesday, leading the Longhorns to a 95-70 victory over Tennessee in the third-place game of the Maui Invitational.
Miller acquisition put on hold Damian Miller #39;s first chance to don a Brewers cap was put indefinitely on hold late Wednesday, when the team announced it could not complete the 35-year-old #39;s physical before the Thanksgiving holiday.
Cyber Cops Say 'Tis the Season to Be Wary (Reuters) Reuters - As the holiday shopping season\ramps up, cyber cops warned on Wednesday that online fraudsters\are working over time.
Iran seeks to exclude uranium enrichment Iran has been seeking to exclude some uranium enrichment experiments from a nuclear freeze it agreed with three European governments this month, western diplomats said on Wednesday.
Intel Touts Linux over Windows in Asia (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - Intel has launched an effort to make it easier for the company's Chinese and Indian customers to build and buy desktop computers that run Linux rather than Microsoft (Nasdaq: MSFT) Windows software.
Paisley hints at movement on IRA The hardline Democratic Unionist leader Ian Paisley yesterday suggested that if the IRA decommissioned its weapons and wound up its criminal activity, it could be allowed to continue as  quot;an old boys #39; association quot;.
Dolphins Shield Swimmers From Shark A pod of dolphins saved a group of swimmers from a predatory 10-foot great white shark off the northern New Zealand coast, a newspaper reported Tuesday.
Cingular To Cut 10 Percent of Workforce (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - Cingular Wireless has said it plans to cut at least 10 percent of its workforce -- some 7,000 jobs -- over the next year and a half.
Firefox Erodes IE Market Share (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - Microsoft's (Nasdaq: MSFT) domination of the Web browser market is falling as consumers opt for open-source software from the Mozilla Foundation, according to a survey.
Report: Dell Passes Sun in Server Sales (AP) AP - Computer giant Dell Inc.'s server sales rose in the third quarter, overtaking Sun Microsystems Inc. for the No. 3 position, according to a Gartner Inc. research report released Wednesday.
Stocks Close Higher Before Holiday (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. stocks closed higher on\Wednesday, with technology stocks Google Inc.  and\Apple Computer Inc.  leading the way in quiet trading\as Wall Street wound down for Thanksgiving.
Global Warming Fight to Get Harder from 2012 -U.N (Reuters) Reuters - Fighting global warming will get\tougher once the Kyoto protocol ends in 2012 and the world must\try to get Washington involved in the long term, the head of\the U.N. Environment Program said on Wednesday.
Ancel Keys, Who Found Source of Heart Disease, Dies (Reuters) Reuters - Ancel Keys, a pioneer in public health\best known for identifying the connection between a\cholesterol-rich diet and heart disease, has died.
Group Passes on Addressing Global Warming (AP) AP - Although faced with fresh evidence of global warming, the United States and other members the Arctic Council on Wednesday failed to make any recommendations to combat a problem most scientists say is causing sea ice to melt and temperatures to rise.
Paul Martin Pushes For New World Forum Canada's Prime Minister Paul Martin, while attending the APEC Summit in Santiago, Chile, tried to garner support among world leaders for his idea of instantiating a new world forum, a so-called L-20 group of leaders, consisting of the G-8 countries and the leaders of about 12 other emerging economic powers like India, China, Brazil and South Korea.  As The Toronto Star reported, the animated Prime Minister Martin literally had to be yanked away by his own handlers after describing in urgent tones the need for United Nations reform and for a new forum of world leaders that he wants to create. He bemoaned Sudanese being slaughtered while the UN dithers, he interrupted several questions from reporters to elaborate further, and Saturday he waved off an aide who tried cutting off a press conference.
Reciprocal Links Are Not Evil Reciprocal Links Are Not Evil\\I will repeat, reciprocal links are not evil. All this discussion in the forums about how people only want one-way links because they heard reciprocal links are bad and can get you kicked out of the search engines is taken way out of proportion. One example ...
Creative Commons Search Engine Integrated into Firefox 1.0 Creative Commons Search Engine Integrated into Firefox 1.0\\Creative Commons today unveiled an updated beta version of its search engine, which scours the web for text, images, audio, and video free to re-use on certain terms a search refinement offered by no other company or organization today. Creative Commons rsquo; announcement coincides ...
ADV: BLT Roll-Out Garage Flooring Better Life Technology has created unique garage flooring which beautifies in minutes and protects floors for years. Sizes 10 #39; wide are available. Prevents concrete stains and deterioration.
News: DIY fingerprint idea thwarts ID thieves The Home Office is touting ID cards as a solution to ID theft in today's Queen's Speech but a Yorkshire man has taken matters into his own hands.
Waving Hello, From a Distance Videoconferencing tools are increasingly making their way not just into the office but into the home, adding a dimension to long-distance visits with relatives and friends.
Camcorders Finally Find Hard Drives JVC is introducing two camcorders that abandon tape and discs altogether, recording onto removable hard drives.
The Cordless Phone Tries to Catch Up to Its Cool Cousin A cordless phone borrows a trick from its cellular cousins, shrinking toward the vanishing point.
Blow a Fuse, Computer Chip, and Heal Thyself Semiconductor chips that can manage a good bit of their own upkeep are moving closer to reality.
Our Smiles Are in the Mail If the holiday cards you send include a family photo, a growing number of sites can help design and produce them.
P2P Music Upstart Signs On the Big Boys A new online music service, Peer Impact, has signed deals with three major music labels -- Sony BMG, Universal and Warner. What sets Peer Impact apart is its use of a peer-to-peer distribution 
MTFG, UFJ post declines in first half Mitsubishi Tokyo Financial Group Inc. announced Wednesday its group net profit fell 43.1 percent in the fiscal first half from a year earlier to 171.7 billion yen, while merger partner UFJ 
Bad Weather, Tight Security Slow Heavy Holiday Travel Travelers headed home for Thanksgiving were greeted Wednesday with snow-covered highways in the Midwest, heavy rain and tornadoes in parts of the South, and long security lines at some of the nation #39;s airports.
Mercury Tries Online Campaign to Create a Cooler Image A prominent lineup of advertising talent is working to produce an online campaign aimed at cultivating a cooler image for the Mercury car brand.
Pathway to Glory Ships November 24, 2004 - Nokia announced today that WWII strategy title Pathway to Glory is now shipping for the Nokia N-Gage game deck.
Celtic Get Surprise Point In Barcelona Celtic shook off the hangover from their disastrous Old Firm encounter to earn a remarkable Champions League draw at Camp Nou against runaway Liga leaders Barcelona.
Jason Kendall (left) has made the All-Star team three times. (Pat &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; PITTSBURGH -- According to published reports, the Pirates and A #39;s are close to completing a deal which would send catcher Jason Kendall to Oakland for left-handed pitchers Mark Redman and Arthur Rhodes.
Hunt for Balkan war criminals  #39;likely to fail #39; British defence officials conceded yesterday that military action to bring Serb and Croat war crimes suspects to trial would probably fail because of the sophisticated support network surrounding them.
Click, and the Deals Arrive at the Doorstep Now that all the holiday presents have been opened, it is time to do some real shopping  for the home, from the home.
A Look at U.S. Military Deaths in Iraq (AP) AP - As of Wednesday, Nov. 24, 2004, at least 1,230 members of the U.S. military have died since the beginning of the Iraq war in March 2003, according to an Associated Press count. At least 961 died as a result of hostile action, the Defense Department said. The figures include three military civilians.
MTFG profit drops as bad loans rise TOKYO: Mitsubishi Tokyo Financial Group (MTFG), Japan #39;s second biggest bank, said yesterday its first-half profit dropped by 43 as bad loans increased.
Wind turbines coming to Ontario; province inks 10 renewable energy &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; TORONTO (CP) - More towering wind turbines will be sprouting up across Ontario after the government signed deals for five private wind-energy projects as part of a bid to make renewable energy a reality in the province.
AIG settles charges, to pay \$126 million NEW YORK - American International Group Inc. said Wednesday that it has agreed to pay \$126 million to settle federal allegations that the insurance giant helped two customer companies commit accounting fraud.
Nissan to Halt Output at 3 Plants for Lack of Steel (Update1) Nissan Motor Co., Japan #39;s second- largest carmaker, said it will suspend production at three factories for five days over the next two weeks because the company has difficulty obtaining steel.
Group Passes on Addressing Global Warming Although faced with fresh evidence of global warming, the United States and other members the Arctic Council on Wednesday failed to make any recommendations 
Dolphins reactions mixed to possible Ricky return SAN FRANCISCO - Just when the Miami Dolphins thought they were done talking about Ricky Williams, news of the wayward running backs imminent return to the NFL put him back in his former teammates thoughts Wednesday.
EU judge considers impact of Microsoft dropouts A European Union judge has summoned all sides for a closed meeting today to consider how to handle the decision by two major opponents of Microsoft to drop out of an antitrust case against the company.
Aging population to slow down Australian economy: report A sharp increase in the number of aged people in the coming decades will enormously slow down Australia #39;s economic growth and increase health spending, an official report released on Thursday said.
HK PRESS: Air China Shifts IPO Date To Avoid REIT Clash HONG KONG (Dow Jones)--Air China, the mainland #39;s biggest carrier, will bring forward its listing on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange to avoid clashing with the listing of the Housing Authority #39;s Real Estate Investment Trust, or REIT, reports the South China 
Film Studios Win  #36;24 Million Against Web Site (Reuters) Reuters - Hollywood's major movie studios\said they won a  #36;23.8 million judgment against a California\company and its Malaysian owner for operating a Web site that\charged customers to download illegally copied movies.
Mobile Phone Makers Hoping To Get Boost From 3G Rollout (Investor's Business Daily) Investor's Business Daily - Europe's largest wireless carrier, Vodafone Group, this month said it's expanded its 3G high-speed wireless service to more markets -- and cell phone makers cheered.
UPDATE 1-Mickelson storms to victory after shooting 59 US Masters champion Phil Mickelson tapped in a birdie on the final hole to become the fifth player in history to shoot 59 as he charged to victory in the PGA Grand Slam of Golf event in Kauai, Hawaii on Wednesday.
Real face penalty after racist chants UEFA yesterday warned Real Madrid that they could be handed stiff punishment for the racist chanting of their supporters which marred Tuesday nights Champions League clash with Bayer Leverkusen at the Bernabeu.
ECB set to call off tour to Zimbabwe over media ban England #39;s controversial cricket tour of Zimbabwe looks set to be cancelled after Michael Vaughan #39;s squad were last night instructed not to travel to Harare.
Jones turns tables with renewed attack on England tactics The more things change, the more Eddie Jones stays the same. Two years ago, Australia #39;s super-smart coach countered accusations about the Wallabies #39; illegal dummy running by deflecting attention towards English skulduggery at the line-out.
UN to assess Iran nuclear freeze The UN nuclear agency is set to meet in Vienna on Thursday to review Iran #39;s controversial nuclear programme. The board of the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) will learn if Iran is abiding by an agreement 
Thatcher stunned as court orders he face coup questions SIR Mark Thatcher has lost his fight to avoid being questioned about his alleged involvement in a foiled coup to topple the president of Equatorial Guinea.
Lawmakers Argue Over Tax-Return Snooping (AP) AP - A skeleton crew of lawmakers voted Wednesday to keep the government from shutting down as House Democrats lambasted Republicans over a provision passed last week that both parties agreed was a turkey.
US 'alienating' world's Muslims The US is losing "the war of ideas" in the Islamic world and must alter its approach, a Pentagon panel says.
Ontario Approves 10 Power Projects Worth C\$700 Mln (Update1) The Ontario government approved 10 electricity-generating projects that will power about 100,000 homes and generate C\$700 million (\$593 million) in new investment in the province.
AIG pledges to return \$46m in fees AIG will return \$46m in fees it earned on three off-balance-sheet vehicles set up for PNC Financial as part of a settlement with regulators announced this week.
PGA TOUR #39;s 59 Club Phil Mickelson #39;s 59 Wednesday at the PGA Grand Slam of Golf may not have come in an official 72-hole event, but it certainly put him in some elite company.
A New Script for Searching Texts Written by Hand Search technology for images may lead to a way to search handwritten manuscripts.
It #39;s like a bad soap HARRY REDKNAPP ended his two-and-a-half year roller-coaster ride on the south coast, insisting the situation was in danger of becoming a soap opera.
Live: Champions League 1738: Stand-in Porto goalkeeper Nuno makes a superb reflex save from Yuri Zhirkov to stop Moscow going ahead. 1730: The first of Wednesday #39;s eight Champions League games kicks off with CSKA hosting current 
Three arraigned in \$3 million extortion scheme involving NBA star &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; A lawyer and two ex-convicts remained in jail Wednesday after being arraigned on charges of trying to use a videotape of a fistfight to blackmail Denver Nuggets basketball star Carmelo Anthony for \$3 million.
Some tolling thoughts You don #39;t really believe Pedro Martinez is going to pitch for the Yankees, do you? Don #39;t forget about Pedro #39;s working hours on his non-pitching days.
Aussies says Indon #39;s delay in revealing embassy bombing arrests &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Australia accepted that Indonesian police delayed for almost three weeks revealing they had captured four suspects in the Australian Embassy bombing in Jakarta in September because they hoped to catch more, Foreign Minister 
Quake rattles northern Italy A strong earthquake measuring about 5.2 on the Richter scale rocked northern Italy from the Tyrrhenian to the Adriatic seas on early on Thursday, causing panic and some damage.
Chirac woos Libyans for oil French President Jacques Chirac lead a delegation of business leaders on a trip to oil-rich Libya Wednesday hoping to expand trade ties.
Freed UN hostages meet Afghan leader ahead of return home A group of three United Nations workers, freed after almost four weeks captivity in Afghanistan, have met President Hamid Karzai, in Kabul.
Argentina to Delay \$103B Debt Swap Offer The Argentine government said late Wednesday it has postponed a global plan to restructure the bulk of US\$103 billion (euro78.35 billion) in default debt until mid-January, moving back a debt swap that was expected next week.
Safe Mode in Windows Helps Fix What Ails It Booting up in safe mode; how to record vinyl records onto a PC; external floppy drives.
Dollar Edges Up Vs Euro, Lows in Sight (Reuters) Reuters - The dollar inched up but stayed in sight\of record lows against the euro on Thursday, as investors took\a break from pummeling the dollar after showing little interest\in a mixed bag of U.S. economic data.
AIP FYI #150: NASA Gets Funding Increase for Space Exploration &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Under the omnibus bill funding the remaining FY 2005 appropriations (HR 4818), the House and Senate conferees gave NASA a substantial downpayment on the President #39;s Space Exploration Initiative.
3 Arrested for Trying to Extort NBA Player Denver Nuggets forward Carmelo Anthony looks on during his team #39;s 90-88 victory over the New Jersey Nets in Denver on Tuesday, Nov. 23, 2004.
Giants Autofocus for Eagles and Owens This is the week of the season when every Giants defensive back needs to have shoulders as sturdy as snowplow blades. But safety Gibril Wilson reported Wednesday that he still had only one good shoulder.
Presidents Call on U.S. to Help Tsunami Survivors (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. presidents past and present\appealed to Americans on Monday to help victims of the Asian\tsunami as one of the biggest aid efforts in history struggled\to bring food and water to millions of desperate survivors.
U.S., U.N. Blame Rebels for Sudan Strife (AP) AP - U.N. and U.S. officials accused rebels Wednesday of sparking the latest violence in Sudan's troubled Darfur region, actions that violated a cease-fire deal and prevented aid from reaching thousands of refugees.
Five-year football ban for Yorke racist FOOTBALL chiefs last night welcomed the five-year ban handed to the Blackburn fan who racially abused Dwight Yorke. Jason Perryman, 22, was caught on television hurling monkey chants and gesturing towards 
O #39;Neill hails heroes as Celtic earn vital point PERHAPS the most trying few days of his Celtic career so far would deepen the satisfaction Martin ONeill took from his teams extraordinary 1-1 Champions League draw with Barcelona at the renowned Nou Camp stadium last night.
Valencia Victory Sets Up Frantic Werder Face-Off Valencia secured an unconvincing win over Anderlecht in Brussels to set up a pressure-cooker match that will be the final nail in the CL coffin for the Champions of Spain or Germany.
U.N.: Rwanda Warns of Attacking Rebels (AP) AP - Rwanda has warned it will launch an attack "very soon" on Rwandan Hutu rebels sheltering in eastern Congo, the U.N. mission said Wednesday, relaying a threat that raised fears of renewal of one of Africa's most devastating conflicts.
No. 20 Boston College Squashes Quinnipiac (AP) AP - Jessalyn Deveny scored 16 of her 22 points in the opening 9 1/2 minutes Wednesday, helping 20th-ranked Boston College to a 74-43 win over Quinnipiac.
Industrial Park Hostage to U.S.-N.Korea Ties (Reuters) Reuters - An industrial park\offering cheap labor, handy transport links and next door to\major Asian markets should be a powerful lure for manufacturers\looking for a competitive edge.
UFJ Forecasts Loss; Mitsubishi Tokyo Profit Declines (Update1) UFJ Holdings Inc. widened its loss forecast to 750 billion yen (\$7.3 billion) as it bids to clear bad loans before merging with Mitsubishi Tokyo Financial Group Inc.
Crude futures slip after energy report CRUDE oil futures fell yesterday after the American government reported a slight increase in the US inventory of crude. The supply of distillate fuel, which includes heating oil, also increased, following 
Sony Pictures sets up operation in China Sony Pictures has set up a joint venture television and film co-production unit in China, taking advantage of a loosening of restrictions on the tightly controlled industry.
Argentina to postpone debt restructure date The decision is an about-turn for President Nestor Kirchner #39;s administration. As late as Wednesday afternoon, Mr Kirchner appeared determined to go ahead with the government #39;s 
Gadhafi Claims Miniscule Reward for Giving up Pursuit of WMD Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi says the international community should have offered Tripoli a better payback for renouncing its efforts to acquire weapons of mass destruction.
UN probes reports of Rwanda attacks United Nations officials are investigating reports that Hutu extremists have attacked Rwandan villages from bases in eastern Congo.
Biogen Idec gains MS drug approval The US government approved a drug Tuesday to treat multiple sclerosis, an incurable disease of the central nervous system that affects 350,000 Americans.
Mainland consumers optimistic about economic outlook: survey Consumers on the Chinese mainland are most optimistic about the economic outlook of the next 12 months, according to a survey released here Wednesday by AC Nielsen.
Microsoft Says 2 Former Foes Don #39;t Have to Retract Evidence Microsoft will not demand the withdrawal of evidence submitted against it in a European antitrust case by two parties that have since dropped their support for the case, a spokesman said Wednesday.
Nissan suspends plants due to steel shortage Nissan Motor Co. Ltd., Japans second-biggest auto maker, said on Thursday it would suspend operations at three of its four domestic plants for five days each this month and next due to a shortage of steel.
US objections at WTO delay inevitable tariffs A legalistic squabble yesterday delayed World Trade Organisation authorisation for sanctions against US goods, initially worth up to \$150ma year, by the European Union and six 
Toy safety warnings issued for holiday shoppers Megan Blanck-Weiss of the Washington Public Interest Research Group demonstrates in Seattle on Tuesday how the yo-yo water ball toy - a water-filled ball on an elastic-like cord 
FDA Whistleblower Seeks Legal Help From Public-Interest Group Dr. David J. Graham, the FDA drug safety reviewer who sounded warnings over five drugs he felt could become the next Vioxx has turned to a Whistleblower protection group for legal help.
Sony enters Chinese digital market Sony Pictures has quietly set up a joint venture with state-controlled China Film Group that will make digital television programmes and feature films.
Strike call fuels Ukraine tension Ukraine's opposition steps up its campaign to overturn the disputed presidential vote by launching a general strike.
Magnets make sure pigeons fly home Homing pigeons carry out their long-range navigational feat thanks to tiny magnetic particles in their upper beaks, scientists confirm.
Building a better turkey through biotech SAN FRANCISCO Selectively breeding turkeys for their white meat over so many generations has led to some health care problems for America #39;s favorite holiday meal.
Technogadgets for the Holidays Talk about an overachiever! HP #39;s iPAQ 6315 smart phone is a sleek PocketPC and wireless phone combo that #39;s about as good as it gets.
Dell sharpens its blade offering DELL Inc launched its new compact PowerEdge 1855 blade server, 10 of which can fit into a 7U chassis to provide 43 more performance per sq foot and up to 62 more servers than Dell 1U servers in a 42U rack.
EU-Russia set for strained talks Russian President Vladimir Putin is to attend an EU summit despite diplomatic sniping over the  Ukraine crisis.
PSV draws with Arsenal, advances to final 16 PSV Eindhoven drew 1-1 with nine-man Arsenal, advancing to the second round of the European Champions League on Wednesday. PSV remained atop Group E with 10 points, three ahead of Arsenal in second.
BAR prevent Davidson #39;s test switch Williams and BAR-Honda were at each others #39; throats yesterday over the services of Anthony Davidson barely two months after their row over Jenson Button was resolved in BAR #39;s favour by the FIA contracts #39; recognition board.
NBA Game Summary - Dallas at San Antonio The Mavericks are 4-3 on the road this season...The Spurs have won 18 straight regular-season home games dating back to last year...Dallas had a season-low eight assists. San Antonio, TX (Sports Network) - Tim 
LeBron, Cavs downs Pistons without a fight Cleveland, OH (Sports Network) - LeBron James poured in a career-high 43 points to lead Cleveland to an easy 92-76 win over Detroit at Gund Arena.
Report: ICC demands explanation from Zimbabwe govt The International Cricket Council (ICC) is demanding to know from the Zimbabwe government why a number of British journalists have been refused entry to cover England #39;s one-day series.
NCAA Game Summary - Wake Forest vs. Providence Wake improved to 6-1 in the Preseason NIT...The Demon Deacons beat George Washington on Monday in its first game as the No. 1 team...This was the first- ever meeting between the two schools. New York, NY (Sports 
First to Futile in 24 Hours as Knicks Waste the Day First place, and the warm, fuzzy feelings that came with it, felt great for about 23 hours. By the 24th hour, the Knicks looked and played more like a team destined to wander the depths of the Atlantic Division.
No. 18 Arizona 61, Michigan 60, OT Lute Olson paced in front of his bench all night, obviously frustrated with his team. In the end, though, his Madison Square Garden streak remained intact.
UTEP headed to Houston Bowl El Paso, TX (Sports Network) - Texas-El Paso accepted an invitation to play in the Houston Bowl at Reliant Stadium on December 29.
Pirates ready to deal Kendall to A #39;s Pittsburgh, PA (Sports Network) - The Pittsburgh Pirates have reportedly ironed out a trade to send veteran catcher Jason Kendall to the Oakland Athletics for pitchers Mark Redman and Arthur Rhodes.
Four held over Jakarta attack Indonesian police investigating September #39;s suicide attack on the Australian embassy in Jakarta said yesterday they had arrested four suspects but that a top bombmaker might have eluded arrest 
Chirac seeking to rebuild Libya ties TRIPOLI: President Jacques Chirac, who arrived in Libya yesterday on the first visit by a French head of state, expressed the desire for a  quot;true partnership quot; with Tripoli after years of  quot;heavy turbulence quot;.
UN says N. Korea wants urgent atom talks North Korea wants urgently to restart six-party talks on its nuclear programmes, but is still demanding certain conditions be met, a top UN official has told South Korea #39;s Yonhap news agency.
Fresh Ulster bid by Blair-Ahern LONDON: The British and Irish prime ministers, Tony Blair and Bertie Ahern, made a new push yesterday to secure a power-sharing deal between the two largest and most hard-line parties in Northern Ireland.
Bill to get tough on drug dealers People who sell drugs near schools or use children to aid them could get tougher  sentences under a new law.
Wake Forest and Arizona Reach Final Providence played with sporadic consistency in a 79-67 loss to Wake Forest. The Demon Deacons will play Arizona, which beat Michigan in overtime, 61-60, in Thursday's final.
League Ponders Letting Williams Return Faster As the N.F.L. and a lawyer for the Ricky Williams close in on an agreement to allow Williams to be reinstated, the question remains whether he is interested in returning.
Like Nets, Kittles Waits for Success to Return Kerry Kittles hyperextended his right knee in practice Tuesday - the same knee that was operated on for the fifth time last off-season.
Thanksgiving Thank-You Notes Despite a Tumultuous Year Try to forget the basketball brawl and this year's other disturbing moments in sports. It's time to say thanks to some of the people who have made sports a better place.
Home, Probably, for the Holidays As millions around the country headed into a busy weekend for air travel, overcast skies and snow flurries complicated the traditional Thanksgiving airport rush.
A.I.G. Agrees to Big Payment in U.S. Cases The company tentatively agreed to pay \$126 million and accept an independent monitor to settle investigations into the sale of insurance.
Improved Numbers Shelter CBS From the Fallout The CBS news division still anticipates serious fallout. Still, it is hard to wipe the grins off the faces of CBS's top executives.
Judge Threatens to Punish MCI Over Fees It Has Paid The judge who presided over the Securities and Exchange Commissions fraud suit against MCI threatened to punish the company for not receiving approval from a monitor before paying fees to lawyers, accountants and other professionals.
Judge Defers Decision in Oracle Takeover Bid The dispute between Oracle and PeopleSoft will return to the courtroom next month, when the presiding judge will hear more testimony.
Oracle names candidates for PeopleSoft board Oracle has opened a new front in its 17-month battle to take over PeopleSoft, announcing a slate of nominees to challenge the rival software companys existing board of directors at its annual meeting next year.
A job well done _ Hartson JOHN HARTSON admitted Celtic had gone out to frustrate Barcelona in last night #39;s Champions League clash at the Nou Camp. The Parkhead side earned a 1-1 draw with a backs-to-the-wall performance which keeps 
NBA Wrap: James Leads Cavaliers Past Pistons LeBron James scored a career-high 43 points to lead the Cleveland Cavaliers to their seventh win in eight games, a 92-76 home victory over the stuttering Detroit Pistons on Wednesday.
English cricket players cancel flight to Harare England #39;s cricket players have cancelled their flight to Harare after the Zimbabwean government barred several British journalists from covering the team #39;s tour.
UTEP accepts invite to Houston Bowl EL PASO, Texas Texas-El Paso announced today it will play in the EV-One-dot-net Houston Bowl on December 29th. The Miners will face an as yet unnamed Big 12 opponent.
Judge calls proposed shareholder settlement unfair LOS ANGELES (CBS.MW) -- A Delaware judge rejected the proposed settlement of a lawsuit brought against PeopleSoft Inc. by shareholders over the company #39;s resistance to Oracle Corp.
Crude oil futures rise ahead of long layoff Crude oil futures rose yesterday ahead of an extended weekend for traders, even though weekly government data showed rising domestic inventories of crude and distillate fuel, which includes heating oil.
Dollar falls as central banks consider selling LONDON: The dollar trawled record depths against the euro yesterday, hit by signs that central banks in Russia and elsewhere could step up sales of the ailing US currency to buy euros.
AIG settles fraud claims for \$126m American International Group, the world #39;s largest insurance firm, yesterday agreed to pay \$126m (67m) to settle allegations that the company helped clients to commit accounting fraud.
Strachan early favourite for Portsmouth job Redknapp and his No2 Jim Smith resigned from Portsmouth yesterday, leaving controversial new director Velimir Zajec in temporary control.
Miners Head To Houston Wednesday, November 24, 2004 -- UTEP is going bowling and won #39;t even have to leave the state. The Miners will accept an invitation to play in the 1.1 million dollar EV1.
Knicks: Carter puts on a show for Raptors If Vince Carter really wants to be traded, then he must slip a few bucks to the Toronto Raptors #39; video coordinator and ask him to burn a few copies of the DVD from last night #39;s game against the Knicks at Air Canada Centre.
Thatcher to face questions over Equatorial Guinea coup Mark Thatcher is likely to face questions in a South African court over allegations he funded an aborted military coup in Equatorial Guinea.
What Are Good Friends for? Perhaps for Recommending DVD's A new Netflix feature, Netflix Friends, lets you know what others are watching (and vice-versa).
Trial of alleged terror chief Bashir to continue: judge? (Updated &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; An Indonesian court Thursday dismissed defense arguments that the trial of alleged Southeast Asian terror chief Abu Bakar Bashir was illegal, and ordered that proceedings against him should continue.
Arctic nations agree to  #39;modest #39; response to climate change REYKJAVIK, ICELAND - Arctic nations said changes in the world #39;s polar regions are a concern but they fell short of committing to specific actions to slow down or adapt to warming.
Kevin McCarra at the Philips Stadium The survival instinct mattered more than Arsenal #39;s intuitive flair and it has kept them alive in the Champions League. Arsne Wenger #39;s side will join PSV Eindhoven in the knockout phase so long as they beat Rosenborg at Highbury next month.
Nissan runs out of steel Nissan said today it would halt operations at some of its car plants in Japan for five days starting late this month because of a shortage of steel sheet.
Sony TV, China Film unveil JV The television unit of Japan #39;s Sony Corp. and a division of China Film Group on Wednesday unveiled a joint venture to make Chinese-language TV shows under a new Chinese law that allows such co-ventures.
Scanning In Your Memories? Go to the Source Scanners can convert slides and negatives to digital files which can then be cropped, color-corrected and e-mailed to friends. Which model is right for you?
IBM wins developer support to build Workplace momentum Hoping to add some momentum to its Workplace platform strategy IBM has launched an online developer resource center that gives software developers ready access to tools to help create products and services that will exploit the platform.
Mickelson finally makes it to Grand Slam POIPU BEACH, Hawaii - When Phil Mickelson visited Kauai about eight months ago on a family vacation, he was determined to return. But with his 0-46 record in major championships as a pro and amateur, qualifying 
BAR stops Davidson #39;s Williams test Motorsport.com. BAR test driver Anthony Davidson was due to try out for Williams at the beginning of December but BAR has put a stop to it.
Windies players rule themselves out for Australia tournament BRIDGETOWN (Barbados): A number of top West Indies players have ruled themselves out of consideration for Januarys one-day cricket series against Australia and Pakistan because of an ongoing contract dispute, cricket officials said on Wednesday.
We Aren #39;tA Racist Club-Real Madrid Real Madrid have made an official apology to Bayer Leverkusens Roque Junior for the racist taunts a small portion of the Bernabeu crowd dedicated to the Brazlian defender last night.
Celts face huge task Celtics fifth match in this seasons Champions League group stages sees the Hoops facing one of the favourites for the competition, Barcelona at the Nou Camp.
Spurs defeat Mavericks 94-80 Tim Duncan scored 27 points and the San Antonio Spurs held Dallas to 3-for-17 shooting in the fourth quarter of a 94-80 victory over the Mavericks on Wednesday night.
Colts carry hot streak into Detroit The Indianapolis Colts have been on the fast track since October gave way to November. Thursday in Detroit #39;s Ford Field, they #39;ll share the traditional Thanksgiving Day 
Rwanda Threatens to Attack Congo-based Rebels The UN says Rwanda is threatening to attack Hutu rebels based in the neighboring Democratic Republic of Congo. Meanwhile, Kigali says the rebels are advancing toward Rwanda #39;s border.
Modern mice use optical sensors, go wireless Buying a new mouse is kind of like buying a new toothbrush: you don #39;t realize you needed a new one until you actually make the switch and realize how bad the old one really was.
Jakarta Court Says Cleric Bashir Trial Can Proceed (Reuters) Reuters - The trial on terrorism charges of\Indonesian Muslim cleric Abu Bakar Bashir, accused of leading a\regional network linked to al Qaeda, can go ahead, a Jakarta\court ruled Thursday.
Seattle QB Matt Hasselbeck Improving (AP) AP - Seattle quarterback Matt Hasselbeck's injured right thigh is improving, thanks partly to acupuncture treatments, and he could be ready to play Sunday against Buffalo.
Venezuelan Congress Passes TV, Radio Bill (AP) AP - Congress passed a bill that lays down strict guidelines for sex and violence in broadcast programming and threatens multimillion dollar fines or even closure for media outlets that disobey.
Oracle Takes Over Rival PeopleSoft The Oracle Corporation has taken control of PeopleSoft, making Oracle the world's second-largest maker of business-management software.
College Recruiters Lure Students With New Online Tools Frustrated by the failure of e-mail solicitations, admission directors are looking for new ways to incorporate the Internet into their marketing plans.
CIA says Khan's network aided Iran with nuclear program (AFP) AFP - Disgraced Pakistani nuclear scientist Abdul Qadeer Khan's network has helped Iran with its nuclear program, providing not only expertise but also components, according to a CIA report to Congress.
Ceiling Collapse Evacuates Ill. Capitol (AP) AP - At least four people were injured Wednesday when netting across the open atrium of a six-story government building collapsed and tore down stones that crashed through the ceiling of a room below.
EU chief holds secret Hamas talks EU foreign policy chief Javier Solana tells the BBC he met Hamas, a Palestinian militant group on the EU's terror list.
China lauds Wal-Mart #39;s union decision China #39;s leading trade union group says it will help multinationals in China including Wal-Mart to set up their own trade unions as soon as possible.
Citrix Acquires Net6 For \$50m Citrix Systems, Inc. a global leader in access infrastructure solutions has announced that it has signed a definitive agreement to acquire privately held Net6 Inc.
Around the NBA: The Amico Report 25, 2004. Reader Wayne Sweeney blamed both the players and fans for their roles in last weekends Pistons-Pacers melee. If someone threw a drink at me, Id charge them too, Sweeney 
Raptors answer coach #39;s rip, pound Knicks TORONTO (CP) _ A night after being called out by their coach, the Toronto Raptors were at their best.  quot;I think for ourselves we wanted to turn it around and play better, quot; Raptors star Vince Carter said Wednesday 
Blazers win 11th straight over Magic Playing their second game in as many nights in the opposite corner of the country, the Portland Trail Blazers fell behind early and then rallied to complete a Florida sweep.
Iran wavers on deal to freeze all uranium enrichment Iran sought yesterday to partially roll back its commitment to freeze all uranium enrichment programs, demanding the right to run some equipment that can be used to produce nuclear arms.
4 arrested over embassy bombing Indonesian Detective Police Chief, Suyitno Landung, holds pictures of arrested terror suspects in Jakarta, November 24. Indonesian police said they had arrested four Muslim militants over a suicide bomb attack 
UN, US condemn rebels #39; violation of cease-fire in Darfur The United Nations andthe United States on Wednesday strongly condemned the recent violation of a cease-fire by the rebels in Sudan #39;s troubled region of Darfur.
US-led forces zero in on death triangle #39; Shopkeeper explains how to fill in voter registration forms to his customers in Baghdad, November 23. Iraq #39;s Electoral Commission on Sunday set national elections for January 30, 2005.
Northern Italy Struck By 5.3 Magnitude Earthquake (Update3) A 5.3-magnitude earthquake struck Northern Italy at about midnight, the US Geological Survey said. There were no reports of injuries though there was some structural damage.
India's "suicide tree" is also a tool for murder (AFP) AFP - An Indian tree with poisonous fruit is used by more people to commit suicide than any other plant in the world and has a barely-investigated role in murder, French and Indian scientists say.
Australian police to trial stun guns for air marshals (AFP) AFP - Australian police say they may soon follow the United States' lead and issue air marshals with electric stun guns after a trial of the weapons by an elite security unit.
Japan trade surplus keeps rising Figures show Japan's trade surplus grew again in October but analysts warned of a tougher environment ahead.
Mark Thatcher court plea expected Sir Mark Thatcher will go before a South African court on Thursday on charges that he helped finance a foiled coup attempt.
Anger at Hardie as fund folds MORE than 700 asbestos disease victims face reduced payouts in the immediate future after James Hardie #39;s compensation fund today applied for provisional liquidation.
8 nations to fight Arctic ice melting Eight nations with Arctic territory agreed Wednesday to fight glacial melting and other effects of climate change in the region, though they declined to endorse any new steps 
Scientists study genes for tastier turkeys Most of the turkeys gracing the nation #39;s dinner tables today have been selectively bred for their white meat for so many generations that simply walking can be a problem for many of the big-breasted birds and sex is no longer 
New Nokia Trojan Locks Down Phones A new mobile trojan is doing the rounds, reportedly disabling Nokia 7610 handsets. The trojan may affect some other phones using the Series 60 User Interface of the Symbian OS.
Dell blade server technology helps Isotrak create infrastructure &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Johannesburg, 22 November 2004 - Isotrak, a leading UK end-to-end logistics solutions provider (2), today announced the successful implementation of Dell PowerEdge blade server technology.
Mr. 59: Mickelson gets milestone in Slam win The Masters champion shot a 13-under-par 59 on Wednesday and won the PGA Grand Slam of Golf, a two-day competition for the year #39;s four major winners.
UM falls short in OT loss to Arizona The challenge for the Wolverines entering Wednesday night #39;s game against Arizona was to see whether they could hang with the nation #39;s best.
Cavaliers beat defending champions Pistons LeBron James scored his career-high 43 points to pace the Cleveland Cavaliers for their seventh victory in eight games, a 92-76 home win over defending champions Detroit Pistons on Wednesday.
Give thanks for chance to watch Manning If you are a football fan, and you are watching the Colts play the traditional Thanksgiving game at Detroit today, pay close attention to quarterback Peyton Manning.
Kittles Joins Kidd, Mourning in Feeling High And Dry LOS ANGELES - Jason Kidd and Alonzo Mourning are disgusted and desperately want out of New Jersey, but nobody is hurt more by the Nets #39; sorry situation than Kerry Kittles.
Vigilante killings stun Mexicans Viewers watched the live television broadcast in horror: Plainclothes policemen begged for their lives before a mob accusing them of being child kidnappers burned two of them to death in front of cameras.
James Hardie #39;s Australian asbestos fund files for liquidation SYDNEY : A compensation fund for Australian asbestos victims of embattled James Hardie Industries NV said it was filing for liquidation, rejecting a last-minute multi-million dollar cash injection.
Sirius Shares Slip on JPMorgan Downgrade Shares of Sirius Satellite Radio Inc., whose shares have doubled over the past month, on Wednesday fell 8 percent after a JPMorgan analyst said that a further rally would make the stock expensive relative to its growth potential.
Philippines Deploys Trucks as Transport Strike Cripples Country The Philippine government deployed trucks and vans to carry thousands of stranded commuters to work as bus and jeepney drivers went on strike to protest rising fuel prices, crippling Manila and other parts of the country.
Idea of Drug Safety Office Is Already Hitting Snags Despite calls from medical experts and a prominent Republican senator for an independent office to monitor drug safety, the idea, prompted by the Food and Drug 
Police patrols at St. Cloud airport to end after funds cut St. Cloud Regional Airport no longer will have regular police presence during its departures and arrivals, airport and police officials said.
Leftwich Expected to Return for Jaguars (Reuters) Reuters - Jacksonville Jaguars\quarterback Byron Leftwich participated in practice Wednesday\and is expected to start this week against the Minnesota\Vikings.
Arctic nations agree to fight glacial melting Eight nations with Arctic territory agreed yesterday to fight glacial melting and other effects of climate change in the region, though 
Eng players not keen on Zim tour England #39;s cricket players, who had canceled their flight to Harare on Tuesday after British journalists were refused entry to Zimbabwe, were hoping that ICC would decided to call off the tour, South Africa #39;s national broadcaster SABC reported on Thursday 
Parties huddle in final push to strike deal A final decision on whether the Rev. Ian Paisley #39;s DUP and Sinn Fein can reach a deal this year to restore devolution and implement the Good Friday agreement should be known next week.
Motions against Sudan, Zimbabwe fail in UN committee (AFP) AFP - Two proposed resolutions condemning widespread rights abuses in Sudan and Zimbabwe failed to pass a UN committee, mired in debate between African and western nations.
James Hardie's Australian asbestos fund files for liquidation (AFP) AFP - A compensation fund for Australian asbestos victims of embattled James Hardie Industries NV said it was filing for liquidation, rejecting a last-minute multi-million dollar cash injection.
Hip-Hop Alters NBA There's a growing disconnect between basketball's paying public and the NBA players that began when the NBA decided to dovetail its product with hip-hop.
Snowstorm in Midwest delays holiday travelers A fierce snowstorm pummeled the Midwest on one of the busiest travel days of the year yesterday, snarling roads and causing long delays at airports as millions 
Steel shortage hits Nissan plants Nissan Motor Co. said Thursday it will halt operations at three of its plants in Japan for five days starting later this month due to a steel sheet shortage.
Bad Fit? Bad Color? Good Riddance If you can bring yourself to just do it, returning things bought! on the Web is getting easier.
Hobbyists Fill Out the Weather Map Thousands of armchair sky watchers are pairing computers and consumer-grade meteorological equipment to share their observations of local conditions online.
Coming in '05: AT T Mobile (via Sprint) AT T is expected to announce as soon as next week details about how it plans to offer mobile phone service using Sprint's cellular network.
Lara won #39;t be coming CAPTAIN Brian Lara and other top West Indies players have ruled themselves out of January #39;s triangular one-day series in Australia because of a contract dispute.
Levy is the glue that holds Wake together We can talk all you want about Chris Paul, Justin Gray and Eric Williams. We know how talented the three are at their respective positions.
Terminating Spyware With Extreme Prejudice Have adware and spyware commandeered your computer? An extreme solution: erasing your hard drive and starting over.
Chirac Makes Rare Trip To Libya Tripoli, Nov. 25 (NNN) : In a historic development, President Jacques Chirac of France has made the first visit to Libya by a French leader since 1951.
S. Korea warms to China as alternative to the US Ask university students about the practical way to get a job these days, and the answer comes back quickly: Study Chinese.  quot;A few years ago, the most popular major was English language and literature.
Customer Service: The Hunt for a Human In the Internet age, making telephone contact with a human for customer service is a daunting task. But some consumers have found ways around the blockade.
FleetCenter renaming talks stall Bank of America Corp. has told executives at the FleetCenter that it is no longer interested in putting its own name on the building, and even raised the possibility of renaming the arena as the Boston Garden as a gift to the city.
Employers try shifting health costs Michael Koonce, who heads the legal department at Boston mutual fund manager Evergreen Investments, doesn't have a clue how much is deducted from his hefty paychecks for his family's health plan. And when the deductions go up, he said, it's  quot;not going to break the bank for me. quot;
Retailers ask: Why wait? It's only Thanksgiving, but Sara Taggart already feels behind on her Christmas shopping.
Ship owners float a vacation home idea Four years after buying the Nantucket Lightship on eBay , Bill and Kristen Golden want to sell vacationers an interest in a onetime rust bucket that has been transformed into a floating pleasure palace.
October economic data mixed Orders for long-lasting US goods slipped unexpectedly in October, but new home sales rose, consumer sentiment brightened a bit this month and claims for jobless aid fell, a mixed bag of reports showed yesterday.
Oil, gas prices climb Crude oil futures rose yesterday ahead of an extended weekend for traders, even though weekly government data showed rising domestic inventories of crude and distillate fuel, which includes heating oil.
Whistleblower fears reprisal WASHINGTON -- David Graham says he was surprised by the hugs and slaps on the back he got at his own Food and Drug Administration office after telling Congress the government had let unsafe drugs remain on the market.
Companies to settle patent lawsuits 3Com Corp. , a maker of switches for corporate data networks, and PC-Tel Inc. agreed to end patent-infringement lawsuits. Each agreed to license the other's modem-related patents that were part of the litigation, which began in March 2003. PC-Tel also will supply wireless software and antennas to 3Com. PC-Tel will record as revenue during this quarter \$3.2 million it had ...
Dollar hits new low against euro The US dollar slid to a new low yesterday against the euro, which rose to an all-time high of \$1.3179 in late New York trading, breaking a day-old record as jittery markets kept up pressure on the US currency.
AIG will pay \$126m to settle federal investigations American International Group Inc. said yesterday it has agreed to pay \$126 million to settle federal allegations the insurance giant helped two customer companies commit accounting fraud.
With cash inflow, flute maker feels the wind at his back Flute maker David C. Williams is known among the world's finest musicians for his artistry. But for 15 long years, he found it difficult to balance the expense of buying the materials he needs to craft his instruments against the unpredictability in orders for his handiwork.
FDA approves drug for multiple sclerosis WASHINGTON -- The government has approved a drug that tries a new method of attacking multiple sclerosis, an incurable disease of the central nervous system that affects 350,000 Americans.
Hellicar dismisses foundation liquidation as  #39;stunt #39; The chairwoman of James Hardie has dismissed today #39;s announcement of the provisional liquidation of an asbestos compensation foundation as a stunt.
CHUCK IN ORBIT Despite a chorus of Wall Street naysayers, Chuck Dolan continues to gamble big on his startup satellite-television venture. Voom - the offshoot of Dolan #39;s Cablevision 
PRODUCT REVIEW: MSN's WebTV Grows Up (AP) AP - During the dot-com boom, people who didn't want to miss out on the Web and e-mail craze but didn't want to buy a real computer could get WebTV, which delivered the Internet through the warm, friendly glow of their TV sets.
PRODUCT REVIEW: a 'Cold' Soldering Iron (AP) AP - If you're looking for a good holiday gift for a tinkerer you can hardly give away anything more inventive than the Cold Heat soldering iron. It redesigns something that's been virtually unchanged for decades and does so by combining high-school level science and cheap materials.
Romania Party Transcripts Cause Outrage (AP) AP - Documents purported to be transcripts of top-level ruling party meetings with ministers discussing intimidating opposition leaders and rigging votes in the Senate have surfaced ahead of Romania's Sunday elections.
IAEA Meets to Discuss Iran Nuke Program (AP) AP - Whether Iran is fulfilling its commitment to freeze all aspects of a process that can be used to make atomic arms  #151; and what to do if it isn't  #151; is expected to top the agenda of a key meeting of the U.N. nuclear watchdog.
Hip-Hop Culture Contributes to NBA #39;s Bad Rap Not everything that ails the NBA is solved by the rest-of-the-season suspension of the Indiana Pacers #39; Ron Artest. It would be irresponsible to suggest anybody should have foreseen a brawl coming.
Bucs on verge of finally dealing Kendall After trying for three years to escape catcher Jason Kendall #39;s contract, the Pirates finally have succeeded. The passing of physicals is all that stands in the way of the Pirates sending Kendall to the Oakland 
Nintendo Operating Profit Up 39 Percent (Reuters) Reuters - Japanese video game maker Nintendo Co.\Ltd. reported a 39.1 percent rise in operating profit for the\first half on Thursday and raised its sales target for a new,\keenly awaited portable game player.
Iran  amp; enriching: What the controversy is about LONDON, Nov 25 (IranMania) - Enrichment, at the heart of the storm surrounding Iran #39;s nuclear programme, takes low-grade uranium and refines it, turning it into a material that can power civilian reactors -- or an atomic explosion.
Thatcher trial postponed until April A South African court has postponed the trial of Mark Thatcher on charges he helped finance a coup in oil-rich Equatorial Guinea until next April.
Asean meets in Laos Laos on Thursday opened its first-ever major conference, drawing together Asian nations in their aspirations for economic integration while addressing terrorism and other regional threats.
Al-Zarqawi attacks the  #39;silent #39; scholars THE insurgent leader Abu Musab al-Zarqawi has attacked Muslim clerics for failing to support attacks on United States-led forces in Iraq.
Team Uses Biotech to Build a Better Turkey (AP) AP - Most of the turkeys gracing the nation's dinner tables Thursday have been selectively bred for their white meat for so many generations that simply walking can be a problem for many of the big-breasted birds and sex is no longer possible.
USU Lands NASA Contract for Telescope (AP) AP - Utah State University has secured a  #36;40 million contract with NASA to build an orbiting telescope that will examine galaxies and try to find new stars.
Celtics cooked again In a season filled with uncertainty and unpredictable play, the only dependable part of the Celtics' game-night drama has been the raised voice of coach Doc Rivers. With a rant that rivaled Rick Pitino in duration and decibel levels, Rivers scolded Boston for failing to play together last night at the Wachovia Center. In many ways, the Celtics' ...
It's not easy to swallow Brawled-out yet? I guess we all are. We've all seen Ron Artest bolt off that table even more than we've seen Flutie roll to his right. But the fallout from L'Affaire Auburn Hills is enormous, and I don't just mean the South Carolina-Clemson dust-up that has resulted in each institution punishing itself by eschewing bowl bids.
Is it all on the table for Red Sox, Martinez? While the Red Sox celebrate their first Thanksgiving as world champions since 1918, general manager Theo Epstein can reflect fondly on the most productive turkey dinner in franchise history last year even as he considers a full plate of challenges before him, including the latest rumblings out of New York about the Yankees pursuing Pedro Martinez.
James's 43 lead Cleveland LeBron James scored a career-high 43 points last night to lead the Cavaliers to a 92-76 win over the Detroit Pistons at Cleveland. Jeff McInnis added 16 points as the Cavaliers won for the seventh time in eight games.
Deveny plays the lead in BC's show of force Kneeling in front of her courtside seat, Jessalyn Deveny looked just like a tension-racked bench player watching and hoping for a last-second miracle. Any concerns, however, were sorely misplaced at the end of last night's drubbing of Quinnipiac at Conte Forum.
Early lead allows BU to hold off Fordham Chaz Carr scored 19 points and Matt Wolff added 17 as Boston University beat Fordham, 66-51, yesterday.
Shean a standout in field hockey as NU goes deep in NCAA tourney Whitney Shean, a Globe All-Scholastic for field hockey while at Medfield High School and the Tri-Valley League MVP for that sport in 2001 and 2002, is now a sophomore at Northeastern University, where she played a key role in the field hockey team's advance to the NCAA Division 1 Tournament this fall.
Regional meeting opens in Laos The Asean forum opens in Laos, with a free-trade accord and anti-terrorism moves on the agenda.
CM spoils Cotter's finale Rashad Jordan moved over from his position in Catholic Memorial's Cover-2 zone defense and welcomed Jim Cotter into retirement.
MIAA unveils matchups, sites for semifinals The Massachusetts Interscholastic Athletic Association football committee yesterday announced the sites and matchups for Tuesday's semifinal playoff round. Games will be at college and high school sites, with one thing in common: an artificial playing surface.
300m to halt sex disease crisis The UK's growing sexual health crisis is to be tackled with a 300m investment for clinics and advertising.
Iran asks to soften uranium stance VIENNA -- Iran sought yesterday to partially roll back its commitment to freeze all uranium enrichment programs, demanding the right to run some equipment that can be used to produce nuclear arms.
Blair accused of embracing politics of fear in reelection bid LONDON -- Prime Minister Tony Blair's government was accused yesterday of playing politics with fear and using the threat of terrorism to boost its chances of reelection.
Blast near Afghan town kills 2 US troops KABUL, Afghanistan -- A bomb ripped through a US patrol in southern Afghanistan yesterday, killing two American soldiers and wounding another, a reminder of the country's insecurity after a newly resolved hostage drama.
Citing threat, UN bolsters unit in Congo KINSHASA, Congo -- United Nations peacekeepers deployed an additional brigade in eastern Congo amid reports that Rwanda was threatening to attack Rwandan rebels based in its huge neighbor, UN officials said yesterday.
US diplomat fatally shot near Green Zone; bomb kills 3 BAGHDAD -- An American diplomat was killed yesterday in an attack near the heavily fortified sector of central Baghdad known as the Green Zone, US officials said.
In Mosul, insurgent campaign escalates against Iraqi forces MOSUL, Iraq -- The bodies of five more slain Iraqis were found on the outskirts of Mosul yesterday morning, bringing to 20 the number of soldiers murdered over the last week as part of a campaign against the Iraqi forces who joined American soldiers in suppressing a revolt in this northern city.
Is Brazil quietly building up? While North Korea and Iraq are the hotspots in the media today, regarding WMD, Brazil has quietly launched a rocket from Alcntara to space and has built an uranium enrichment facility in Rezende. Does it mean an ICBM is on the way?
Cost Cap Proposed D.C. Council Chairman Linda W. Cropp attempts to put a high-water mark on the price of a stadium that would force a relocation if the price is too high.
Another Pacer Involved Police have determined that a fourth member of the Pacers, reserve center David Harrison, was involved in the brawl at last Friday night's Indiana-Detroit game.
U.S. Says Iraqi Police Need Bolstering With officers intimidated by killings and threats, some have begun questioning the notion of trying to establish a system of local policing at this time.
Oil extends advances Gold broke the \$450 a troy ounce level on Thursday for the first time since June 1988 as the dollar fell to a record low against the euro.
FDA approves drug that fights MS The Food and Drug Administration has approved a new drug for multiple sclerosis that in clinical trials got better results than existing drugs in protecting against relapses.
Tesco sales exceed expectations Tesco today impressed the City with a surge in third-quarter sales as it boosted market share in clothing and electrical goods. Despite a tougher environment on the high street, Britain #39;s leading retailer 
Bad Weather Disrupts Holiday Travel Travelers didn #39;t plan on starting their long Thanksgiving weekend stuck in airports or driving on slippery roads, but then again they hadn #39;t figured on snow - and a lot of it.
YUKOS managers flee Russia All top managers of embattled oil major YUKOS have fled Russia fearing that state prosecutors may order their arrest, a YUKOS source says.
Probe Urged Of Allegations Against FDA The chairman of the Senate Finance Committee yesterday called on the inspector general of the Department of Health and Human Services to investigate alleged attempts to discredit a Food and Drug Administration whistle-blower.
United Seeks Court #39;s Aid in Getting Labor Concessions UAL Corp., parent of United Airlines, asked a bankruptcy court Wednesday to terminate its union contracts if the carrier can #39;t get an additional \$725 million in cost savings from employees by mid-January.
Judge Says MCI Broke Pay Rule A federal judge yesterday threatened sanctions against MCI Inc. for apparently violating a court order requiring approval of expenditures for lawyers and consultants while it was in bankruptcy protection.
German business gloom increases pressure on ECB German business confidence is tumbling amid mounting fears about the impact of the euro #39;s rise against the dollar, according to the closely-watched Ifo economic institute survey.
Moncks Corner facility has new owner MONCKS CORNER - Integral Systems of Lanham, Md., said Wednesday it had agreed to sell assets of its antenna systems division in Moncks Corner to LJT  amp; Associates of Montgomery, Ala.
Angling for Sales, Retailers Set Their Bait To lure shoppers into their stores, the nation #39;s retailers will again offer LOW LOW LOW prices on a number of gifts and gadgets, as stores throw open their doors at Oh-Dark-Hundred tomorrow and kick off the holiday shopping season.
Brazil Documents Detail Nazi Mengele's Last Years &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; SAO PAULO, Brazil (Reuters) - Josef Mengele, the infamousNazi doctor known as the Angel of Death, died in Brazil 25years ago lonely and cash-strapped but apparently unrepentant,according to documents published this week.&lt;/p&gt;
Ministerial Meeting of the Arctic Council in Reykjavik on 24 &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Foreign Minister Jan Petersen is attending the Ministerial Meeting of the Arctic Council in Iceland on 24 November. The most important item on the agenda is a discussion of the Arctic Climate Impact Assessment.
 #39;Building #39; a better turkey San Francisco - Researchers are using the latest in biotechnology to chart the genetic map of turkeys, which have been selectively bred for their white meat for so many generations in the United States that the big-breasted birds sometimes have trouble 
Firefox browser helps you make the most of your time online Question: In a recent column you said that 95 percent of all viruses and spyware are aimed at Internet Explorer, so I decided to do away with IE.
JPL team visits NASA shuttle program When Congress passed the \$388 billion spending bill last weekend, it allotted \$16.2 billion for NASA, including nearly full funding of projects related to the president #39;s Vision for Space Exploration.
Images capture 2 Saturnian moons Scientists from the Jet Propulsion Laboratory have pieced together the most detailed images of two Saturnian moons from pictures the Cassini orbiter captured at the end of October.
CIA funds chatroom surveillance The CIA is quietly funding federal research into surveillance of Internet chatrooms as part of an effort to identify possible terrorists, newly released documents reveal.
Q3 integrated graphics chip shipments soar Despite the big overall increase, shipments of standalone chips for desktop graphics cards grew just 2.3 per cent, JPR said. Shipments of integrated desktop graphics chips were up 25.1 per cent, while their 
Vast water supplies hidden under N. China desert A desert in China #39;s Inner Mongolia that has the highest sand dunes in the world holds a vast store of underground water which, if used wisely, could ease the chronic water shortage afflicting the north of the country, a study says.
Mickelson: Magic round was a fluke Phil Mickelson tapped in a birdie on the final hole at Kauai to become only the fifth player in golf history to go round in a 59 as he charged to victory at the PGA Grand Slam in Hawaii.
Premiership: Harry Redknapp quits Portsmouth Nobody really expected Harry Redknapp to stay at Portsmouth Football Club for very much longer, but the announcement of his decision to resign today (November 24) is perhaps still a little surprising.
Bhoys make their point in Barca After four days during which the back page headlines have been dominated by everything but football, Celtic let their feet - and hearts -o the talking again tonight by storming the Nou Camp to claim one of the clubs greatest ever results.
Gray, Wake save face Wake Forest, which is ranked No. 1 for the first time in the 99-year history of its program, could have picked up a nose bleed from the altitude, but 6-2 junior guard Justin Gray, a first-team 
Report has Kendall going to A #39;s for Redman, Rhodes Three-time All-Star catcher Jason Kendall is about to be traded from the Pittsburgh Pirates to the Oakland Athletics for two pitchers, a baseball official told The Associated Press yesterday.
Injuries do not fully excuse the present decline RAFAEL BENITEZ cannot afford to feel too down-hearted this morning. Not with spirits to raise before Sunday #39;s daunting encounter with champions Arsenal.
Pakistani PM calls talks  #39;cordial #39; Pakistan #39;s prime minister called this week #39;s discussions about Kashmir with his Indian counterpart  quot;friendly and cordial.
Black Watch raid on Saddam Millionaire #39;s Row The Black Watch has taken part in its biggest offensive since being re-deployed near Baghdad, raiding homes of suspected Saddam Hussein loyalists.
Police Raid Mexico City Neighborhood Nearly 1,000 police and federal agents tore through a town outside Mexico City, smashing gates and breaking down doors in a hunt for the leaders of a vigilante mob that burned two federal agents to death.
Thatcher #39;s Cape Town trial postponed The trial of Sir Mark Thatcher in South Africa on charges that he helped finance a failed coup in Equatorial Guinea has been postponed until 8 April next year.
Indonesian court orders trial of hardline cleric Ba #39;asyir to go &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; JAKARTA (AFP): Indonesian judges Thursday rejected a plea to drop terrorism charges against hardline Muslim cleric Abu Bakar Ba #39;asyir and ordered him to stand trial for his alleged involvement in attacks including the Bali bombings.
5.2-magnitude quake shakes northern Italy An earthquake rattled northern Italy yesterday, sending residents into the streets and damaging buildings, news reports said. No injuries were reported.
Hostages Honored by Afghans as UN Urges Full Probe Afghanistan #39;s former king honored Thursday UN workers held hostage for nearly a month after helping run the country #39;s first free elections, while the United Nations urged a full investigation of the kidnapping.
Israeli president urges Syria dialogue Israeli President Moshe Katsav has urged the government to respond positively to a Syrian offer to resume peace negotiations. Although Katsav #39;s role is largely ceremonial, his comments on Thursday were in 
DUP and SF to get clarification on proposals The British and Irish governments are due to present the DUP and Sinn Fin with further clarification today of their proposals for a deal on the North #39;s political future.
Ethiopia Accepts Eritrea Border Ruling in Principle Ethiopia said Thursday it accepted  quot;in principle quot; an independent commission #39;s ruling on its border with former foe Eritrea, possibly signaling an end to a dispute that has simmered since their 1998-2000 war.
Internet Use Said to Cut Into TV Viewing and Socializing The average Internet user in the U.S. spends three hours a day online, with much of that time devoted to work and more than half of it to communications.
U.S. Food Imports Climb Appetite for foreign foods and beverages is among the reasons the nation is expected to pay as much for imported products in 2005 as it earns by selling products abroad.
Halliburton Payments May Be Withheld Inspector general for Iraqi reconstruction says the company's record-keeping was so poor that auditors could not determine whether the firm had fulfilled its obligations to the U.S. government.
Yukos executives 'flee' Russia All the top executives at Russian oil giant Yukos have fled the country in fear of arrest as the government seeks to sell off its main asset.
Sharp fall in mortgage approvals The number of mortgages approved by banks fall for the fifth month in a row in October, figures show.
The Sites Before Christmas Internet retailers are figuring out what online shoppers really want and adding features to help, such as top-10 lists of hot sellers, gift picks by category and product ratings and reviews.
Video Game Makers Rush to Cash In The 2004 shopping season is turning out to be the year of the blockbuster for video game companies as they race to score one more big hit before the current generation of Xboxes and PlayStation 2s makes way for new machines.
Microsoft Foe Wins in Settlement Head of a technology industry trade group that encouraged aggressive legal action against Microsoft for antitrust violations for years received nearly \$10M as part of a settlement with the software giant.
Canon Problems Ease Fears of LCD Glut (Reuters) Reuters - Japan's Canon Inc. said on Thursday\it had found problems with equipment for making liquid crystal\displays (LCDs), boosting shares in LG.Philips and other LCD\makers as fears of a supply glut eased.
Oracle Fires Top PeopleSoft Executives The Oracle Corporation fired PeopleSoft's co-president and chief financial officer, Kevin Parker, and three other top executives.
Cash Flow in '04 Found Its Way Into Dividends American companies stepped up their dividend increases in 2004, buoyed by strong cash flows and by a changed tax law.
I.B.M. Division Headed to China Has Made No Profit in 3 1/2 Years I.B.M. said that the personal computer business it was selling to the Lenovo Group of China had not made a profit for three and a half years.
Stranded travelers hope for better weather Thanksgiving Day CHICAGO Many holiday travelers say Thanksgiving didn #39;t start out as planned after fierce storms dumped snow in the Midwest. But they hope to rebound this morning, as normal flight schedules resume at Chicago #39;s 
Mickelson wins PGA Grand Slam of Golf Masters champion Phil Mickelson shot 13-under 59 to win the PGA Grand Slam of Golf. Masters champion Phil Mickelson tapped in a birdie on the final hole to become the fifth 
UNC wins Maui Invitational The junior point guard ran the offense as he always does, defended the opponent #39;s best backcourt player as he always does and even threw in a couple of highlight-tape moves in the 11th-ranked Tar Heels #39; 106-92 victory over Iowa on Wednesday night.
Cagers fighting history in New York The Michigan mens basketball team has a chance to carve out its own little piece of history, beginning tonight in the semifinals of the Preseason NIT in New York.
Iran #39;s president slams nuke plan IRANIAN President Mohammad Khatami has criticised an International Atomic Energy Agency resolution on its nuclear activities drawn up by Britain, France and Germany.
Mexican police move against mob Hundreds of police and federal agents raided a Mexico City suburb on Wednesday night after two officers were killed by an angry crowd.
PAISLEY #39;S PLAN FOR IRA NORTHERN Ireland could return to self-government next spring, the Rev Ian Paisley #39;s Democratic Unionist Party said last night.
Judge Wants PeopleSoft To Explain Why It Turned Oracle Down During a scheduling hearing Wednesday, the judge overseeing Oracle #39;s attempt to overturn PeopleSoft #39;s takeover defenses said he wants to know exactly why PeopleSoft has turned down Oracle #39;s offer again.
New CA CEO gets \$12.8-mn package NEW YORK: Computer Associates International Inc said on Wednesday it has awarded its new chief executive John Swainson a pay package totaling \$12.8 million (approx Rs 54 crore), in signing bonus, salary, stocks and options.
Top News ; Rain, snow snarls US holiday travel Top News News, Dallas,Snow and rain snarled the holiday plans of millions of Thanksgiving travellers across the US as they battled flight delays and hazardous driving, reports UPI.
Iran, EU Clash Over Terms of Nuclear Freeze (Reuters) Reuters - Iran is seeking exemptions from a deal\to suspend sensitive nuclear activities just three days after\it came into force, the head of the U.N. atomic watchdog said\Thursday.
LeBron James Beats His Olympic Coach (AP) AP - If LeBron James was sending a post-Olympics message to Larry Brown, he wouldn't admit it. Perhaps trying to prove Brown was wrong to bench him in Greece, James scored a career-high 43 points to lead the Cleveland Cavaliers to a 92-76 victory over the Detroit Pistons on Wednesday night.
UNC Win the Maui Invitational Title (AP) AP - Raymond Felton hardly looked like he was playing with a bad wrist.
Bledsoe, Tobeck Are Old College Pals (AP) AP - Seattle center Robbie Tobeck once took a swing at Buffalo quarterback Drew Bledsoe. Not on the field, of course. They were college roommates at Washington State, where Tobeck snapped the ball to Bledsoe.
Times Company Buys a Stake in Boston Metro, a Free Paper The New York Times Company said that it had agreed to buy 49 percent of Metro Boston, a free newspaper aimed primarily at commuters in their 20's and 30's.
How Scientists and Victims Watched Helplessly The magnitude of the tsunami that remade the coasts of the Asian subcontinent was slowly gauged across the world.
Deal to Acquire Pacific Exchange Is Expected Archipelago Holdings, the owner of ArcaEx, the largest electronic stock market, is expected to buy the Pacific Exchange for about \$50 million.
Police continue probe as another Indy-Detroit battle looms (AFP) AFP - Police viewed videotapes from last week's basketball brawl between Indiana Pacers players and Detroit Pistons fans seeking evidence on the eve of another Indiana-Detroit sports showdown.
A Catastrophe Strikes, and the Cyberworld Responds Much of the initial information about what had happened in Asia came from the Web.
Iran #39;s Suspension of Uranium Enrichment Not Complete (Update2) The United Nations nuclear watchdog said Iran #39;s suspension of its uranium enrichment program isn #39;t yet complete and that it hoped to resolve Iran #39;s request regarding 20 centrifuges in the next day.
The Art of the Fan A new fan Web site is unusual for the subject it obsesses over - the Conceptual Art star Matthew Barney - but otherwise it hews to the norm.
Ethiopia Accepts Eritrea Border Ruling in Principle (Reuters) Reuters - Ethiopia said Thursday it\accepted "in principle" an independent commission's ruling on\its border with former foe Eritrea, possibly signaling an end\to a dispute that has simmered since their 1998-2000 war.
No. 19 Alabama Tops Alaska-Anchorage 90-55 (AP) AP - Jermareo Davidson scored 15 of his 17 points in the first half, leading No. 19 Alabama to a 90-55 rout of Division II Alaska-Anchorage in the first round of the Great Alaska Shootout on Wednesday night.
AMD Releases New Mobile Sempron Advanced Micro Devices #39; new Mobile Sempron processor gives the company a fresh chip for the holiday season, but it probably won #39;t help it overcome the solid advantage that rival Intel holds in the notebook market.
It #39;s unfortunate: Waugh on Lara being dropped Tiruchirappalli: Former Australian captain Steve Waugh today described as unfortunate Brian Lara and other top West Indies players being ruled ineligible for a One-day cricket tournament in Australia in January after refusing to a sign a contract over 
Sports in brief Three-time All-Star catcher Jason Kendall was close to being traded from the Pittsburgh Pirates to the Oakland Athletics for a pair of pitchers, a baseball official told the Associated Press on Wednesday.
Examining the Swainson Move - Is IBM Planning to Buy Out CA? Computer Associates getting IBM veteran John Swainson as CEO - a move generally considered nothing less than brilliant - makes other ex-IBMers wonder how John managed to dodge the IBM border patrol and escape outside of a body bag.
Nissan Halts Production at Japan Plants Nissan Motor Co. said Thursday it will halt operations at three of its plants in Japan for five days starting later this month due to a steel sheet shortage.
Remember When You Wanted Your Own Ms. Pac-Man? When arcade games are in the recreation room, no coins are necessary.
Euro, oil saps German confidence Economists had forecast a drop to 94.8. The November business assessment index fell to 93.8 from 94.7 in October, while the business expectation index fell to 94.3 from 95.9 last month, Ifo said.
Ethiopia backs down over border Ethiopia's government reverses its opposition to an international ruling on its border with Eritrea.
Concern over Venezuela media law Venezuela passes a strict media law condemned by the opposition and human rights groups.
Aziz briefs Pakistani officials Prime Minister Shaukat Aziz is briefing top Pakistani officials of his talks with India #39;s premier on Kashmir. A meeting of the country #39;s national security council, comprising military and political leaders, is under way in the capital Islamabad.
 #39;6-Way Talks Prerequisite to Inter-Korean Summit #39; Unification Minister Chung Dong-young on Thursday stressed that the stalled six-way talks over Pyongyangs nuclear weapons programs need to be resumed first in order for the much-anticipated second inter-Korean summit to occur.
Steel shortage hits Nissan plants Nissan is to stop production at some of its domestic car plants for five days due to a steel shortage. Japan #39;s second-biggest car maker will suspend operations at three of its four domestic plants on 29 and 30 November.
Bomb blast kills one, injures 15 in southwestern Pakistan At least one person was killed and 15 bystanders were injured in a bomb blast in a busy market in Pakistan #39;s southwestern Balochistan province on Thursday, a local official said.
Golf: Mickelson hits magic 59 Phil Mickelson scorches round in  59 shots to win the PGA Grand Slam of Golf in Hawaii.
Portugal child sex trial to begin The trial of seven people accused of forming a child sex ring in Portuguese care homes is set to begin.
Transactions BASEBALL Arizona (NL): Named Bob Gebhard assistant general manager, Mike Aldrete hitting coach, Carlos Tosca third base coach, and Brett Butler first base coach. Chicago (AL): Signed P Kevin Walker. Cleveland (AL): Signed P Bob Wickman. Los Angeles (NL): Signed manager Jim Tracy to a two-year contract extension. Minnesota (AL): Signed C Mike Redmond to a two-year contract. Pittsburgh (NL): ...
Bomb kills soldier in Pakistan A bomb in south-western Pakistan kills a soldier and injures 14, the latest in a series of attacks.
Hunt for George Michael intruder Police look for a woman who broke into pop star George Michael's north London home earlier this month.
News: Hacking tool reportedly draws FBI subpoenas  Law enforcement has sought to identify some users of the Nmap freeware port scanner, the author says.
New Year, New Scraps for Sun's Feisty Chief Despite a recent antitrust settlement, Scott McNealy says Sun Microsystems shaking hands with Microsoft is like two boxers tapping gloves.
Barclay #39;s statement worries market Barclays, Britain #39;s third-biggest bank, said annual profit for the year would be in line with expectations at 4.5 billion but its shares fell more than two per cent amid concern 
Safety critic says he faces FDA transfer in  quot;reprisal quot; Dr. David Graham, the Food and Drug Administration scientist who publicly criticized the agency #39;s approach to drug safety during a congressional hearing last week, said 
WINDIES SPONSORSHIP ROW West Indies may send a weakened squad to Australia for the forthcoming one-day series after most of their 25-man squad missed a deadline to make themselves available amid a dispute over sponsorship.
Five-year ban for Blackburn fan One of the two Blackburn Rovers Football Club fans charged with public disorder for racially abusing Dwight Yorke has been handed a five-year ban.
Boeing Converts 737 Into Bomber The squat little mainstay of the airline industry will become a fierce weapon for the Navy. The plane's new mission: to patrol the seas for submarines, then blow them to smithereens with bombs and missiles. Chris Genna reports from Seattle.
The Dream Factory Any product, any shape, any size -- manufactured on your desktop! The future is the fabricator. By Bruce Sterling from Wired magazine.
P2P Tilts Toward Legitimacy A peer-to-peer company signs a deal with three major record labels to provide content on its Peer Impact service, but it might not offer much for music fans. By Katie Dean.
GAO to Probe Vote Counting Urged on by Democratic lawmakers, the Government Accountability Office plans to investigate the way votes were counted in the presidential election. The office cautions, however, that it is powerless to act if irregularities are found.
Arctic Countries Agree on Perils of Climate Change but Not Solution The United States and the seven other countries jointly expressed concern about changes in the Arctic climate, but they did not agree on a strategy to deal with them.
Girl Is First to Survive Rabies Without a Shot A critically ill Wisconsin teenager who was bitten by a bat recovered after being put into a drug-induced coma and being given antiviral drugs.
Donald Puddy, 67, Space Flight Director, Dies Donald R. Puddy, a longtime NASA flight director, supervised Apollo, Skylab and early space shuttle missions from Mission Control.
Intel Helping Asia to Use Linux sameerdesai writes  quot;Seattletimes is carying this story on Intel helping major countries like China and India to help build Linux machines as an alternative to Microsoft Windows.
Thatcher case postponed The case against Mark Thatcher, a British businessman who is being charged for allegedly bankrolling an alleged coup plot in Equatorial Guinea, has been postponed in the Wynberg Magistrate #39;s Court.
Rwanda threatens to attack rebels in Congo A senior Rwandan government official signaled Wednesday Rwandan troops will attack the Congo-based rebels by saying that Rwanda will do all possible to defend her nationals if attacked by the militia.
No End in Sight to Supply of Cheap TV's Industry experts say that the financial trouble of one of the biggest Chinese makers of television sets will not affect the market much.
Web Sites Stirring Up Criticism of Coaches, Even the Unbeaten Ones Web sites have converted the mischievous idea of a few alumni into an odd form of futures market for betting on a college football coach's career.
3 Music Companies Will Use Online File-Sharing Service Three major recording companies have agreed to make their music available to be shared and sold over a new online file-swapping service.
Japan stocks close higher TOKYO: Japan #39;s Nikkei average inched higher on Thursday, helped by gains in steel producers like JFE Holdings after Nissan Motor said it was suffering from a shortage of steel.
Microsoft paid CCIA \$19.75 million to settle The Financial Times reported yesterday that Microsoft paid the Computer and Communications Industry Association \$19.75 million earlier this month to settle an antitrust suit, and that the association #39;s top official received \$9.75 million of that amount.
Update 2: Yukos CFO Delays Return to Moscow Chief financial officer for Russia #39;s embattled oil giant Yukos said Thursday he delayed his return to Moscow indefinitely after Russian prosecutors had summoned him for questioning.
EU sanctions request on US exports The European Union and seven other countries #39; sanctions request on United States exports have been postponed to be considered by the World Trade Organization at a meeting.
Update 1: German Business Sentiment Drops in Nov. Worries about the strengthening euro and concerns over persistently high oil prices helped push German business confidence down in November, a closely watched survey showed Thursday.
Myths Run Wild in Blog Tsunami Debate As people gathered online to discuss the horror of the South Asian tsunami on sites known as Web logs, some bloggers said it had to be the government's fault.
Davidson test cancelled Davidson was due to test with Williams in Spain next week as the team evaluates candidates for a race drive next season, but while BAR were seemingly prepared to offer Davidson to Williams for one year, the Grove-based team are said to have refused.
Redknapp: I went of my own accord Under his two-and-a-half year tenure, the south coast club were transformed from First Division also-rans into an established side in the Barclays Premiership.
Dechy takes France into final UNDER-STRENGTH France reached their third Fed Cup final when they took an unbeatable 3-0 lead in their semi-final against Spain today.
No. 1 Deacons Take On Providence Wednesday Night Television: ESPN2. Dave O #39;Brien (play-by-play), Len Elmore (color analysis) and Stacey Dales-Schuman (sidelines) call the action.
Shopping Spree That Wasn't as Markdowns Hurt Retailers This year was the season of the last-minute markdown as merchants, led by Wal-Mart Stores, scrambled to cut prices, choosing sales gains over higher profits.
PeopleSoft case will be renewed A Delaware court has told the two sides in the trial over Oracle Corp. #39;s bid to overturn PeopleSoft Inc. #39;s antitakeover measure that they must return for more testimony next month, delaying a crucial ruling in the Redwood City giant #39;s plan to take over 
Microsoft Foe Wins in Settlement The head of a technology industry trade group that for years encouraged aggressive legal action against Microsoft Corp. for antitrust violations personally received nearly \$10 million as part 
UPDATE 1-Zimbabwe rescinds England media ban Zimbabwe have rescinded a ban on British journalists wanting to cover a five-match cricket tour by England, a senior official at the department of information and publicity said on Thursday.
One good plus, two good minuses for A #39;s Well, let this be a lesson to us all. There really is no egregious mistake in the world of professional flesh peddling that cannot be undone.
Reinventing the Wheel (and the Tire, Too) Michelin engineers are developing the "Tweel," a combined tire and wheel that could never go flat because it contains no air.
US and British forces sweep through Iraq #39;s  #39;death triangle #39; LATIFIYAH, Iraq (AFP) - American, British and Iraqi forces continued a major sweep through Iraq #39;s  quot;triangle of death quot; to try to smash rebel enclaves before landmark elections in January.
UK minister visits Arafat grave UK Foreign Secretary Jack Straw has laid a wreath at the grave of former Palestinian Leader Yasser Arafat. Mr Straw is meeting Palestinian leaders at their headquarters in the occupied West Bank, following talks in Israel.
Ukraine Opposition to Launch Strike in Vote Dispute (Reuters) Reuters - Ukraine's opposition takes its\campaign to overturn a presidential election result they say\was rigged to the factories and railways Thursday by trying to\organize a country-wide strike.
Israel May End Construction of Barrier (AP) AP - Israel should stop building its West Bank separation barrier if Palestinian militants halt attacks, Israel's president was quoted as saying Thursday, in the most high-profile criticism yet of the contentious project.
German business outlook drops Business confidence in Germany, Europe's largest economy, falls to its lowest level in more than a year.
Ban hits Half-Life 2 pirates hard About 20,000 pirate players of Half-Life 2 have been banned from the game.
The Ambanis: brothers at arm #39;s length? MUMBAI / NEW DELHI: On the face of it, the Ambani brothers, scions of the founding family of the countrys largest private-sector conglomerate, Reliance, are as different as the various businesses that make up the group.
Update 4: Microsoft Judge Calls Surprise Meeting A European Union judge said Thursday he will continue to take into account testimony from the EU #39;s biggest former allies in its antitrust case against Microsoft, an indication their desertion would not affect the case.
GE agrees to pay \$1.1b for Ionics Ionics Inc., a Watertown water treatment company with global operations, agreed to be purchased yesterday by General Electric Co. for \$1.1 billion in cash.
US ; CIA funds chatroom surveillance US News, A university in New York has been funded to keep tabs on IRC conversations with money channelled through the National Science Foundation by the CIA, documents have revealed The CIA is quietly funding federal research into surveillance of Internet 
Ban hits Half-Life 2 pirates hard Game maker Valve shut down the online accounts of the players because it had evidence that their copy of the game had been obtained illegally.
UPDATE 1-Barnes leads Australian Open after first round Former national amateur champion Kurt Barnes shot a brilliant 65 on Thursday to emerge as the unlikely first round leader of the centenary Australian Open.
NHLPA set to pay its players NHL players are about to receive their first lockout stipends, amounts which will work out to roughly 3.6 per cent of the average NHL salary, according to the Canadian Press.
Straw lays wreath at Arafat #39;s grave Foreign Secretary Jack Straw has laid a wreath at Yasser Arafat #39;s grave during a West Bank visit for talks on how to revive peacemaking with Israel after the Palestinian leader #39;s death.
RAIDERS NOTEBOOK Williams to take Grant #39;s LB slot again DeLawrence Grant, the one-time defensive end who started the first nine games at linebacker before being benched against the Chargers on Sunday, is likely to be inactive again this weekend against the Broncos.
ADV: Instantly Lower All Your Monthly Bills Get a low refinance or home equity rate, including \$150,000 mortgage for under \$690/mo. Also save on your cell phone bill, long distance calls, credit card payments, auto insurance and more.
German business confidence drops Business confidence in Germany, Europe #39;s largest economy, has fallen to its lowest level in more than a year, over concerns at a strengthening euro.
US Food Imports Increase, May Match Exports This Year When Aroon Roy Padharia gathers today with family and friends for Thanksgiving dinner, the cuisine will be authentically Indian, with the same preparation methods and recipes that he loves from his native land.
MS offers real Windows XP to users of counterfeit software A Microsoft UK replacement scheme for pirate copies of Windows XP suggests the company is testing the waters to see how feasible it is to convert sections of its unlicensed user base to legitimate users.
EU's Solana denies having secret meeting with Hamas (AFP) AFP - The European Union's foreign policy chief Javier Solana denied a BBC report that he had met secretly with the Palestinian group Hamas, which is on an EU list of banned militant outfits.
Yushchenko Appeals to Ukraine High Court (AP) AP - Ukraine's opposition leader raised the stakes in his standoff with the Kremlin-backed prime minister on Thursday, asking the Supreme Court to declare presidential election results invalid and threatening to have his supporters block key highways.
Haley Shines Bright Linebacker Dennis Haley is perhaps the Cavaliers' most unsung hero on a defense that is in the nation's top 10 in points allowed.
Hundreds Mourn Marine From Md.  Tracy Miller thinks about her son's touch and his voice, trying to grasp that she will never experience either again.
Syria ready for talks with Israel without conditions ISN SECURITY WATCH (25/11/04) - Syrian President Bashar Assad told a top UN envoy on Wednesday he was ready to resume peace talks with Israel  quot;without conditions quot;.
OIL FUTURES:IPE Brent Likely To Head Higher In Thin Trade SINGAPORE (Dow Jones)--Oil futures traded on London #39;s International Petroleum Exchange are largely expected to head higher Thursday, given the continued worries over a shortage in US heating oil inventories.
New Computer Associates CEO will be paid \$8.6 million Computer Associates International Inc., a business software company, has agreed to give its new CEO, 50-year-old John Swainson, a pay package amounting to more than \$8.6 million in salary, signing bonuses and stock.
Novell, CCIA evidence may be tossed out in MS EC case A European judge is to hold a closed-door meeting today to discuss the lifting of sanctions by the EU in its anti-trust ruling against Microsoft.
Thanksgiving travelers hope for better weather Thanksgiving didn #39;t start out as planned for many holiday travelers who began the long weekend stuck in airports or creeping along highways after fierce storms dumped snow in the Midwest.
Lastminute.com Loss Doubles on Costs; Shares Slump (Update4) Lastminute.com Plc, the UK #39;s largest Internet travel company, said its fourth-quarter loss more than doubled as costs for closing offices and cutting jobs exceeded forecasts.
Halliburton pay should be docked: auditor A US government auditor says the US Army should withhold 15 per cent of future payments to Halliburton for work in Iraq due to billing disputes - in a move that could cost the contractor tens of millions of dollars.
Turnpike runs free on 1st day of strike The first strike in the 64-year history of the Pennsylvania Turnpike meant free rides for about 650,000 vehicles yesterday, the first travel day of the Thanksgiving weekend.
Carlyle in talks with Hanjin Carlyle Group, the US private equity fund, is in talks with the Hanjin Group over the purchase of some of the South Korean conglomerate #39;s transport and logistics 
Why The Dollar Is Giving Way What #39;s going on with the dollar? After falling steadily for the better part of two years, the greenback showed signs of stabilizing in the spring and summer.
Champions League: Real Madrid draws 1-1 with Bayer Leverkusen in &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Raul Gonzalez scored a 70th-minute equalizer Tuesday to earn Real Madrid a 1-1 draw with Bayer Leverkusen and keep alive its hopes of reaching the second round of the European Champions League.
Finding the Right Balance Between Power and Weight Electronics manufacturers are designing products that are smaller and lighter, yet offering more and more gadgets that travelers feel compelled to take with them.
Pirates may trade Kendall to Oakland The former Torrance High star #39;s salary is a burden for tight-fisted Pittsburgh, which would get pitching help in return. By Alan Robinson.
Win bolsters Wildcats #39; confidence But there are only a handful of programs that consider themselves to be on the same level as Arizona, an elite basketball power that expects to be in contention for the Final Four every season.
Tar Heels Breeze Past Hawkeyes for Maui Title The junior point guard ran the offense as he always does, defended the opponent #39;s best backcourt player as he always does and even threw in a couple of highlight-tape moves in the 11th-ranked Tar Heels #39; 106-92 victory over Iowa last night in Lahaina 
Brown pushes tsunami debt relief The chancellor presses the G8 to freeze all debts owed by countries hit by the Asian tsunami disaster, the BBC learns.
Local Chain Rolling Out D.C. Tabloid Journal Newspapers Inc. plans to begin distributing a free daily newspaper in the District on Feb. 1, according to one of its major advertisers and a source close to the company.
Troops close in on  #39;death triangle #39; BAGHDAD: US-led forces swept hotspots in the  quot;triangle of death quot; yesterday in a push to reclaim rebel enclaves ahead of January polls.
Russian soldiers kill two, take hostages Two Russian soldiers armed with Kalashnikov assault rifles shot and killed two police officers Wednesday night and have taken two hostages near Moscow.
Sudan Rebels Stand by Cease-Fire Despite Violations A rebel group in Sudan #39;s western Darfur region says the government is responsible for an upsurge in fighting there in violation of a ceasefire.
EU foreign policy chief holds contacts with Hamas The European Union foreign policy chief, Javier Solana, has recently held a secret meeting with representatives of Palestinian movement, Hamas, it was revealed on Thursday.
Earthquake Jolts Northern Italy, Injuring 9 An earthquake measuring about 5.2 on the Richter scale shook northern Italy from the Tyrrhenian to the Adriatic seas in the night to Thursday, causing panic and injuring at least nine people.
Israel, wary of dual peace process, slaps down Syrian overtures JERUSALEM (AFP) - Israel slapped down peace overtures from Syria with Prime Minister Ariel Sharon reluctant to become diverted in a parallel peace track with Damascus while concentrating on his planned withdrawal from the Gaza Strip.
Manganese Bronze rings up  #163;1 for Zingo (FT.com) FT.com - Manganese Bronze is to sell for just  pound;1 some of the rights to Zingo, the mobile phone cab ordering service that last year kept the maker of London taxis well in the red.
Dollar Lower, Tokyo Stocks Edge Higher (AP) AP - Continued concerns about a huge U.S. current account deficit weakened the U.S. dollar to a four-year, 10 month low against the Japanese yen Thursday. Tokyo stocks ended higher.
Computer Associates' Next CEO Gets To Work (TechWeb) TechWeb - Hired from IBM, CEO-elect John Swainson plans to move fast, without mimicking the software or services strategy of his former employer.
Oracle-PeopleSoft to return (TheDeal.com) TheDeal.com - Vice Chancellor Leo Strine Jr. continues the case to hear additional testimony on PeopleSoft's poison pill.
Naming Mount St. Helens New Dome Confusing (AP) AP - That whaddyacallit that's growing on Mount St. Helens  #151; what DO you call it? Even Shakespeare himself might have trouble figuring out what's in a name.
Reliance Stock Drops as Resignations Stoke Concern on Ownership Shares at Reliance Industries Ltd. fell for a third day after six directors quit at a subsidiary, stoking concern a dispute between the Ambani brothers, who manage India #39;s biggest private company, may disrupt the business.
Shortage of steel forces halt at Nissan TOKYO Nissan Motor said on Thursday that a shortage of steel would force it to halt production temporarily at three of its four auto factories in Japan, a highly unusual step the company said was made necessary in part by a surge in demand for steel from 
Yukos CFO delays return to Russia MOSCOW The chief financial officer of Yukos, Russia #39;s embattled oil company, said Thursday that he had delayed his return to Moscow indefinitely after Russian prosecutors had summoned him for questioning.
Shares in Lastminute.com Sink 13 Percent Shares in European online travel retailer lastminute.com PLC sank by 13 percent Thursday after the company reported losses well below its own predictions and market expectations.
Canada #39;s Bonds Rise After Dodge Says Dollar Gain May Cut Growth Canada #39;s bonds rose after Bank of Canada Governor David Dodge said the Canadian dollar #39;s rise to a 12-year high may curb economic growth, indicating the bank may not raise interest rates next month.
Thanksgiving Afternoon Is Expected To Be Dry The rains forecast for Polk County today should be gone by the time you sit down for your Thanksgiving Day feast. According to the National Weather Service in Ruskin, a line of thunderstorms 
Row blamed as Danon quits BT Pierre Danon is quitting as head of BT Retail to become the chief operating officer at French computer consultants Cap Gemini, furthering suggestions of a split in the telecoms giant boardroom.
NTT DoCoMo, mmO2 to  #39;partner #39; on UK i-mode British mobile phone network O2 will launch an i-mode service next year after licensing the technology from Japanese telco NTT DoCoMo, newspaper reports have claimed.
The Taste Of Home (CBS) In a major culinary operation that took weeks of planning, military chefs will serve up traditional Thanksgiving meals to the 140,000 or so servicemen and women stationed throughout Iraq, reports CBS News Correspondent Charles D #39;Agata.
Arctic People Seek Tropical Team on Global Warming Arctic peoples aim to team up with tropical islanders in a campaign against global warming, arguing that polar bears and palm-fringed beaches stand to suffer most.
Stores to stock 1m Band Aid CDs One million copies of the new Band Aid single will be sent to record shops in time for its UK release on Monday. Robbie Williams and Dido are among the stars on a new version of charity song Do They Know It #39;s Christmas?
Students Auction University on eBay As part of a protest against proposed course cuts, students at Exeter University in England have put their University up for sale on eBay.
Infogrames sells Civilisation franchise for \$22.3m French publisher Infogrames has announced its results for the first half of FY 2005, revealing in the process that the firm has sold off the lucrative Civilisation franchise to an as-yet unknown purchaser.
Phishing spreads net wider Online phishing schemes more than doubled last month, leaving financial institutions struggling to rebuff attempts to steal private account information from customers, according to the Anti-Phishing Working Group.
Williams deny BAR claims over Davidson. The BMW Williams team has denied claims that it  #39;insisted upon unconditional arrangements #39; that have seen Anthony Davidson #39;s hopes of racing for the team in 2005 come to an end.
England Tour to Proceed After Zimbabwe Ends Media Ban (Update3) England #39;s cricket tour of Zimbabwe will go ahead after Robert Mugabe #39;s government lifted a ban preventing 13 British journalists from covering the five one-day internationals.
Champions League: Group H - Chelsea clam up again and round up Jose Mourinho made several changes to his Chelsea side for the visit of Paris St.Germain, resulting in a rustrating but not entirely relevant 0-0 draw.
Champions League: Group F - Celtic make great point and round up From a British perspective the big story from Group F is that Celtic bow out of the Champions League after a 1-1 draw with Barcelona in the Nou Camp.
Harry hard to follow The flamboyant former West Ham boss stepped down after two-and-a-half years at Fratton Park yesterday, claiming the time was right for him to go and he needed a break.
Monkey chant fan to apologise to Yorke A football fan yesterday admitted racially abusing Birmingham City footballer Dwight Yorke - and vowed to apologise personally to the striker.
8 million callers have kept cell numbers Nearly 8 million mobile-phone users have switched carriers and kept their cell numbers since a new rule allowing that flexibility took effect one year ago, the Federal Communications Commission said Wednesday, the one-year anniversary of the agencys 
Figueroa gets chance in La Liga The Argentine made just one appearance for the Blues after his 2.5m transfer from Rosario Central in 2003. Figueroa, 23, blossomed after being off-loaded to Mexican club Cruz Azul and earned a call-up to Argentina #39;s Copa America squad.
African final delayed because of Ghana poll The final of the African Confederation Cup between Ghanaian clubs Hearts of Oak and Asante Kotoko has been postponed to avoid a clash with the country #39;s presidential elections.
Wolfensohn Confirms World Bank Departure Bank president told Treasury Secretary John W. Snow that he will step down after a decade at the helm when his term expires in June.
Lynching of agents puts Mexico focus on vigilante justice -- The images are chilling: A young man, his face bloody and swollen, struggles to tell a television reporter that he is an undercover federal agent, then a mob burns him and another officer alive on camera.
Gadhafi praises Chirac #39;s visit Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi Thursday praised French President Jacques Chirac #39;s visit to Libya, which he said boosted relations between their countries.
Thatcher vows to appeal court order Lawyers representing Mark Thatcher will appeal a court ruling ordering the son of the former British prime minister to answer questions from Equatorial Guinea on an alleged coup plot, one of his lawyers said on Thursday.
Sudan rebel leader vows to respect truce A rebel leader in Sudan #39;s Darfur region has said his group will fully respect a truce with Khartoum, countering earlier statements by a spokesman declaring the agreement null and void.
Bomb Kills Two US Soldiers, Injures One in Afghanistan Two US soldiers were killed and a third was wounded Wednesday when a bomb exploded as they drove through an area of central Afghanistan where Taliban fighters are said 
Hamas denies direct contacts with Solana Hamas Thursday denied European Union Foreign Policy Chief Javier Solana had direct contact with the Palestinian militant group. Solana had told the BBC he had contacts with Hamas 
Bashir goes to trial THE terrorism trial against Muslim Indonesian cleric Abu Bakar Bashir, accused of leading a network linked to al-Qaida, can go ahead, a Jakarta court ruled yesterday.
ADV: Shrink Your Monthly Student Loan Payment Lower your monthly payment and get one easy bill with Loan to Learn #153;. Private student loans or private plus federal are accepted. Apply online for fast approval and competitive rates.
CBI slashes UK growth forecasts The CBI cuts growth forecasts after order books for UK manufacturers drop to their lowest level since the start of 2004.
Manning to Face Detroit, Marino's Record (AP) AP - Peyton Manning won't threaten Dan Marino's record when the Colts play at Detroit on Thanksgiving, but he can take another step toward the milestone the former Miami Dolphins star set in 1984.
Bin Laden Not Hiding on Pakistan Border -Commander (Reuters) Reuters - Al Qaeda chief Osama bin\Laden can not be hiding in Pakistan's tribal lands on the\Afghan border as Pakistani forces have combed the area and\found no hint of him, a Pakistani army commander said on\Thursday.
Budget Flap Imperils Sharon's Gaza Pullout Plan (Reuters) Reuters - Prime Minister Ariel Sharon faced\threats on Thursday from inside and outside his already shaky\coalition that could bring down the Israeli government, force\early elections and delay his Gaza withdrawal plan.
EU Official Now Denies Hamas Contact (AP) AP - The European Union's foreign policy chief denied Thursday that he recently met with the Palestinian militant group Hamas, which the EU has blacklisted as a terrorist organization.
Nintendo returns to profit on forex gains, rising software sales (AFP) AFP - Nintendo, the world's largest maker of portable game consoles, said it returned to profitability in the first half after booking large foreign exchange gains.
France to Defends Fed Cup Title at Final (AP) AP - Defending champion France surged into the Fed Cup final, completing a 5-0 sweep of Spain on Thursday behind singles victories by Nathalie Dechy and Tatiana Golovin.
Girl survives rabies without jab \A teenage girl has become the first known person to survive rabies without the benefit of a vaccination, say doctors.
Hero's welcome for Liberia star Huge crowds greet football legend George Weah on his return home to Liberia to launch a presidential bid.
Israelis kill three Palestinians Israeli soldiers killed three Palestinian militants in the West Bank and Gaza Strip, Palestinian witnesses say.
PGA grand slam: Mick-tacular performance The Garden Island. POIPU - Not even the sunscreen could cool off Phil Mickelson on his way to the 2004 Grand Slam title yesterday.
Chelsea 0 PSG 0 CHELSEA were barking up the wrong tree as they were muzzled by a PSG team who had failed to win an away game in Europe for seven years.
The Best Online Reference Sites Looking for an answer to a specific question?  Check out this list of the best reference sites of 2004, as compiled by the American Library Association.
Israeli coalition partner #39;s threat raises possibility of early &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s largest coalition partner threatened to quit Thursday, raising the possibility of early elections that could endanger his plan to withdraw from the Gaza Strip next year.
Ageing time-tomb brings budget angst How #39;s your health? Feeling well? Expecting to live to a ripe old age? If the answers are yes, then economically speaking, you #39;re not helping.
US spared WTO sanctions -- for now The World Trade Organization on Wednesday held off approving stiff sanctions on US exports ranging from cod to mobile homes intended to punish Washington until it repeals the so-called Byrd amendment.
Auburn Defeats Virginia Tech in Sugar Bowl  NEW ORLEANS (Sports Network) - Auburn's defense solidified  its status as one of the nation's toughest, despite a late-game  scare, and the Tigers completed the first perfect season in  school history with a 16-13 Sugar Bowl victory over Virginia  Tech on Monday night.
Canada hails Arctic Council #39;s climate change document REYKJAVIK, Iceland - Canada #39;s environment minister says people shouldn #39;t underestimate the policy recommendations on climate change announced in Iceland Wednesday.
DoCoMo offering i-mode to mmO2 Japan #39;s dominant wireless operator, NTT DoCoMo, has reached a basic agreement to offer its popular i-mode mobile internet technology to mmO2 OOM.
Microsoft Attacks Piracy  With Free Software Microsoft is making a serious effort to attack piracy: by giving away free copies of Windows XP to pirated users in the UK. The move is currently targeted at consumers who may be using pirated copies of Windows XP by mistake.
Atari #39;s Sid Meier #39;s Pirates! Sails into Stores Atari, Inc. (Nasdaq: ATAR) and Firaxis Games announced today that the highly-anticipated sequel to one of the most popular and loved titles in gaming history has shipped to retail stores nationwide.
Conservation Group Urges Gov #39;t Cooperation Scientists and officials strengthened efforts to forestall the extinction of thousands of species and protect the world #39;s habitats in talks in 
Villarreal nabs Figueroa Primera Liga side Villarreal has confirmed the signing of Luciano Figueroa from Mexican club Cruz Azul in a transfer worth a reported three million euros (\$A5.1million).
Notre Dame Coach Hires Assistants (AP) AP - Former head coaches David Cutcliffe, Bill Lewis and Rick Minter joined the staff of new Notre Dame coach Charlie Weis on Monday night.
Clippers Nudge Nuggets 102-98 (AP) AP - Corey Maggette had 33 points and 11 rebounds, and Rick Brunson hit a key 3-pointer with 21 seconds left to lift the Los Angeles Clippers to a 102-98 victory over the Denver Nuggets on Monday night.
Solana confirms secret contact with Hamas European Union foreign policy chiefJavier Solana has confirmed that he had secret meetings with the Palestinian group Hamas (Islamic Resistance Movement) in an interview with the BBC that was broadcast on Thursday.
Indonesia rejects plea by terror suspect An Indonesian court ruled Thursday the trial of terror suspect Abu Bakar Bashir would proceed, rejecting a plea from the cleric #39;s lawyers to drop the charges.
Budget flap jeopardizes Sharons pullout plan Prime Minister Ariel Sharon is facing threats from inside and outside his largest coalition partner that may bring down the Israeli government, which would force the country to hold early elections and suspend his Gaza withdrawal plan.
Chemical weapons lab found in Fallujah Baghdad - An Iraqi minister said on Thursday that a chemical weapons laboratory was found in the former rebel stronghold of Fallujah, Sky News reports.
Protesters Seek Resignations After Fire Thousands of Argentines angered over safety lapses at a nightclub where a fire killed 183 people, many of them teenagers, marched through capital streets Monday holding pictures of the victims and demanding the resignations of key city officials.
Directors retreat from Reliance Six directors at Reliance Energy resign amid a growing family row over ownership of India's largest private company.
Wurld Media turns p2p swapping to music biz advantage Software developer Wurld Media has devised a way to bridge the gap between the freewheeling peer to peer downloads community and the music companies who would like to be paid.
CCIA chief defends Microsoft payment Ed Black, president of the CCIA, has defended his organisation #39;s decision to take a settlement payment from Microsoft. The Washington DC-based CCIA (Computer and Communications Industry Association) this month 
US Appeals Nafta Ruling Against Tariffs on Canadian Lumber By Bloomberg News. The Bush administration yesterday appealed a trade panel #39;s decision that effectively struck down United States tariffs on \$4.6 billion a year of Canadian lumber.
Indian, Pakistani Firms OK Tech Agreement (AP) AP - Private Indian and Pakistani information technology companies will meet in the Pakistani capital next month to tap business opportunities and sign a cooperation agreement.
Chirac vows 'true partnership' with Libya (AFP) AFP - French President Jacques Chirac, who vowed to forge a "true partnership" with Libya, wrapped up the latest top-level Western visit to Tripoli as it returns from years in the diplomatic wilderness.
Finnish authorities warn against using MS Internet Explorer 6 browser (AFP) AFP - Finnish authorities warned computer users against using the popular Microsoft Internet Explorer Six web browser as it has a "serious" security flaw that compromises computer systems.
FCC: 8M Wireless Users Keep Cell Numbers (AP) AP - Nearly 8 million mobile phone users have switched carriers and kept their cell numbers since a new rule allowing that flexibility went into effect one year ago, according to the Federal Communications Commission.
PREVIEW-Rugby-Revenge in the air for someone at Twickenham World Cup final revenge for Australia or  quot;payback time quot; for England #39;s June humiliation in Brisbane -- either cap fits for Twickenham #39;s mouth-watering Saturday showdown between the best of rugby enemies.
More than 2,000 people killed in Fallujah : Iraqi official More than 2,000 people were killed so far in the flashpoint city of Fallujah, an Iraqi senior security official said Thursday.  quot;More than 2,058 were killed and more than 1,600 
Arctic People Seek Tropical Team on Global Warming (Reuters) Reuters - Arctic peoples aim to team up with\tropical islanders in a campaign against global warming,\arguing that polar bears and palm-fringed beaches stand to\suffer most.
Rich States' Demands Threaten Environment Treaty (Reuters) Reuters - Demands by the United States and other\wealthy nations to delay the phasing out of a pesticide that\depletes the ozone layer threaten to unravel a key global\environmental treaty, experts said on Thursday.
Conservation Group Urges Gov't Cooperation (AP) AP - Scientists and officials strengthened efforts to forestall the extinction of thousands of species and protect the world's habitats in talks in Bangkok, but governments need to work harder to promote conservation, an international environment agency said Thursday.
Evidence of sex abuse by U.N. Congo staff outrages Annan   The NZ Herald has the story.  More coverage can be found by performing a Google News search for "un congo sex abuse".    Details of the story include the fact that over 150 counts by at least 30 staff members are being investigated, and that this isn't the first time that the U.N. has been so accused.  
New rules for Britain's airwaves Control of the UK's radio spectrum is being handed to the business community to promote wireless services.
Students put university on eBay \Students at Exeter University put the institution up for sale on eBay as part of their protest against proposed cuts.
Al-Zarqawi Lieutenant Arrested in Mosul (AP) AP - A lieutenant of Iraq's most feared terrorist leader Abu Musab al-Zarqawi was captured a few days ago in Mosul, the government's national security adviser said Thursday.
Nintendo Returns to Profit in First Half Nintendo Co. returned to profit in the first half of the fiscal year from the same period a year ago as the Japanese video-game maker erased foreign exchange losses and earned more from game sales.
Province unveils renewable energy projects TORONTO - Ontario is launching 10 new projects to create electricity from renewable resources, Energy Minister Dwight Duncan said Wednesday.
Singapore Changi Airport testing biometrics-based system The world #39;s first fully automated check-in and immigration clearance system that uses biometric recognition technology has been on trial at Singapore Changi Airport since Nov. 1.
Gunners go to Liverpool stung by more negative headlines Arsenal gained a 1-1 tie with nine men against a Champions League group winner yet still came home to negative headlines. Thierry Henry scored a quality goal for an equalizer at PSV Eindhoven 
INSIDE INFO: Gers ace Souey target The Magpies want a replacement for Jonathan Woodgate and will swoop when the transfer window re-opens in January. Boumsong, Bobo Balde, Manchester United #39;s John O #39;Shea, Chelsea #39;s Robert Huth and Notts Forest #39;s 
Police raid Italy #39;s Olympic Committee Finance police have raided Italy #39;s Olympic Committee and the committee organising the 2006 Winter Games, investigative sources say.
IAEA uncertain over  quot;undeclared quot; nuclear materials in Iran The director general of the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) said Thursday that his agency is unable to definitively conclude at the present time that Iran does not 
THATCHER TRIAL POSTPONED A court in South Africa has postponed until next April the trial of Mark Thatcher on charges he helped fund a coup attempt in oil-rich Equatorial Guinea.
Earthquake Shakes Northern Italy ROME -- An earthquake in northern Italy overnight damaged scores of buildings and scared people out of their homes. The quake measured 5.2 and was felt in Milan, Turin, Genoa and Venice.
Rwanda Says Ready to Hit Rebels, UN Urges Dialogue Rwanda insisted on Thursday it would soon attack rebels inside the Democratic Republic of Congo unless they were disarmed, as the UN Security Council 
I will speak at an appropriate time: Anil Mumbai, November 25: Anil Ambani, the vice-chairman of Reliance Industries Ltd., said on Thursday he would make a statement at an appropriate time about a controversy over differences with brother and chairman Mukesh.
Axa shares gain on Winterthur purchase report (AFP) AFP - Shares in the French insurer Axa gained in afternoon trade here on a Financial Times report that Axa is in talks to acquire Credit Suisse Group's Winterthur unit.
Paris denies embassy #39;s efforts for bidding 2012 Olympics Paris 2012 moved quickly Thursday to deny the critics from their rivals of taking the advantage of embassies to promote their bid of 2012 Olympics.
Brutal Haddin hundred seals two points Brad Haddin blasted a career-best 154 from 162 balls in a brutal display to earn New South Wales first innings points against Victoria at the Junction Oval.
Myanmar junta announces plan for more prisoner releases YANGON, Myanmar - Myanmar #39;s military government said Thursday that it will release 5,311 prisoners in addition to almost 4,000 whose planned release was announced last week.
Oil prices climb in London, New York shut LONDON (AFP) - Oil prices rose over worries about a possible supply shortage of US heating oil stocks during the northern hemisphere winter.
WTO Ready for US Sanctions The World Trade Organization cleared the way on Thursday to impose \$150 million of trade sanctions on the United States, sought by the European Union and others, after lawyers resolved a legal wrangle.
More on Microsoft #39;s new anti-piracy programme particularly in the Far East and Eastern Europe - that they would rather give away copies of Windows XP to people who may 
Intel puts Windows and Linux on even keel Intel has released a Quick Start Kit for Linux in Asia, giving a leg-up to system builders offering Linux-based desktop PCs. The kit is similar to those that Intel produces for Windows, said an Intel spokesman.
Kazaa Leverages Skype for Free Net Calls Two of the nets most widely used programs, Kazaa - a peer-to-peer (P2P) filesharing application -nd Skype  -2P internet phone application, have teamed up.
Gunners go to Liverpool stung by more negative headlines Arsenal earned a 1-1 tie with nine men against a Champions League group winner yet still came home to negative headlines. Thierry Henry scored a quality goal for an equalizer at PSV Eindhoven 
Londoners urged to embrace 2012 bid To the outside world, Londoners are cold, brusque and unimpressed at the prospect of millions of people turning up on their doorstep to watch the 2012 Olympics.
Robinson glad to be in rugby not football BAGSHOT, England (AFP) - England rugby union captain Jason Robinson has said he is thankful the kind of racist incidents recently experienced in football had no place in his sport.
Taking it easy to the top A WHY-WORRY attitude to three dropped shots on two early holes set up young NSW player Kurt Barnes to rocket to the top of the Australian Open leaderboard yesterday.
European Soccer to Investigate Racism (AP) AP - European soccer authorities opened an investigation into racist abuse by Spanish fans at this week's Champions League game.
Softening in Northern Ireland The British and Irish Prime Ministers, Tony Blair and Bertie Ahern, at talks in London, appear to have pushed Northern Irelands reluctant politicians some way to a restoration of devolved government in Belfast.
Gold surges as dollar falls again The euro jumps to an all time high against the dollar as signs of declining business confidence in Germany increases fears about European competitiveness.
Jets Extend GM Terry Bradway's Contract (AP) AP - Jets general manager Terry Bradway received a two-year contract extension Thursday that will keep him in the organization through 2007.
Oracle wages proxy battle for control of PeopleSoft Oracle nominated four candidates to serve as directors of PeopleSoft #39;s board and said it would fight for control of the company at its annual meeting next year.
Rift deepens, six REL Directors quit The first battle lines were drawn today with six directors of Reliance Energy Limited (REL) resigning. REL is run by Vice Chairman of Reliance Industries Limited, Anil Ambani.
Microsoft EU ruling next month A European Union judge told a closed meeting on Thursday he planned to rule within a month whether to freeze curbs imposed by the EU #39;s executive on Microsoft, lawyers present said.
Yukos shares plunge more than 30 percent MOSCOW (AFP) - Shares in the Russian oil group Yukos plunged by more than 30 percent in midday trading on the Moscow stock exchange to below a dollar per share.
Downturn in growth worries the CBI British manufacturers are reporting that their order books are at their lowest level since January, prompting the CBI to scale back its forecast for economic growth for 2005 
Resource stocks boost Toronto stock market as NY shuttered for &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; TORONTO (CP) - The Toronto stock market made moderate gains Thursday thanks to rising oil and gold stocks, while the Canadian dollar moved closer to an 85-cent US close despite a warning about the economy - and hints the Bank of Canada may not be in a 
BT Boss Set to Move On Telecoms giant BT today said it was parting company with one of the architects of its transformation from a fixed-line operator. Pierre Danon will join French IT services company 
Most Canadians support taxing pot, poll finds Hot on the heels of a national report that the number of Canadians who smoke pot has doubled in a decade, marijuana advocates say their own polls shows strong support for taxing the drug.
Chile Cuts Emissions, Helps Japan, Canada Pig manure in Chile will keep neon lights glowing on Tokyo's Ginza in years to come. It's a grand north-south tradeoff to slow global warming: You reduce your "greenhouse gas" emissions so I don't have to cut back on mine.
Last Rites Sounded for Life-Changing Video Format It changed the lifestyles of a generation but after a lingering death, the last rites have been sounded for the revolutionary VHS home video format.
No Holiday Cheer for Band Aid and iTunes Apple #39;s iTunes Music Store is causing a bit of a stir by refusing to sell the charity Band Aid song  quot;Do They Know It #39;s Christmas?
Winamp security flaw poses new threat We are all used to IE getting a monthly new security bug found, but Winamp? In fact, this is not the first security flaw found in the application.
EU judge to reach decision on Microsoft in December The European Union judge deciding whether Microsoft will have to reform its business practices will continue to take into account arguments made by Novell and a prominent 
Yukos board escapes from Russia Fear of arrest has forced all the top executives at Russian oil giant Yukos to flee the country. The entire management board was in London on Thursday, according to the Financial Times.
Mourinho Expecting Tough Draw Chelsea coach Jose Mourinho is expecting his side to get a tough test in the second round of the Champions League despite the Blues having won their group.
Cricket: England tour hangs in the balance England were ordered to stay in South Africa rather than fly to Zimbabwe yesterday after the Harare government barred most British media from covering their five-match cricket tour.
Finance police raid Olympic files Finance police have raided the offices of Italy #39;s Olympic organizers for records on the Turin committee #39;s work ahead of the 2006 Winter Games, officials said on Thursday.
Al-Zarqawi Lieutenant Arrested in Mosul (AP) AP - A lieutenant of Iraq's most feared terrorist leader Abu Musab al-Zarqawi was captured a few days ago in Mosul, and Iraqi troops searching suspected terrorist hideouts in Fallujah discovered a laboratory with manuals on manufacturing explosives and toxins  #151; including anthrax, Iraq's national security adviser said Thursday.
World Should Hold Darfur Rebels Accountable -U.N. (Reuters) Reuters - The world should hold Darfur rebels\accountable for breaking their promises to end violence in the\region of western Sudan, the U.N. envoy to Khartoum said on\Thursday.
India lifts 20-year ban on night viewing of Taj Mahal (AFP) AFP - India's Supreme Court lifted a 20-year ban on night viewing of the Taj Mahal, the 17th century white-marble monument to love in the northern city of Agra.
Replacements light years ahead The video is dead. Its official, although I imagine the mourning period will go on for several years yet. Dixons, the big UK electrical goods chain, has announced it will sell its existing stock of VCRs and then call it a day.
Barghuti to run for Palestinian president: Fatah official RAMALLAH, West Bank (AFP) - The jailed West Bank leader Marwan Barghuti has decided to run for the post of Palestinian Authority president, a member of the dominant Fatah faction #39;s higher committee said.
Governments #39; response  #39;due soon #39; The two governments are hoping to respond to queries tabled by the DUP and Sinn Fein over the British-Irish proposals on restoring devolution by Friday.
British Troops Raid Rebel Stronghold South of Baghdad Hundreds of British troops raided houses of suspected Saddam Hussein loyalists Thursday in the latest phase of a US-led operation to crack down on guerrilla strongholds in the lawless territory south of Baghdad.
Nayan in Palace, describes 26 days in captivity Get INQ7 breaking news on your Smart mobile phone in the Philippines. Send INQ7 BREAKING to 386. THE RETURN to the Philippines on Thursday night of diplomat Angelito Nayan, whom 
Brave old Bhoys not down and out yet CELTIC have thrown themselves a European lifeline at a time when they were in real danger of sinking without trace. Of course, they still have a major task on their hands to make the Uefa Cup spot their own.
England #39;s Zimbabwe tour goes ahead JOHANNESBURG, South Africa -- England #39;s cricket tour of Zimbabwe will go ahead after authorities lifted a ban on 13 British journalists, but not in time to save Friday #39;s opening one-day match in Harare.
Iraq says top Zarqawi aide arrested in Mosul BAGHDAD (AFP) - One of the leaders of the top US foe in Iraq , Abu Musab al-Zarqawi, was arrested in the northern city of Mosul, national security adviser Qassem Daoud said.
Barcelona Testing, Day 2, 25/11/04 Limited mileage for Franck as he continued electronics development, while Giancarlo completed 85 laps as he continued the settling in process.
Gold surges as dollar falls again The euro jumps to an all-time high against the dollar, raising fears about European growth, and the price of gold rises as people switch out of the dollar.
Europe Rejects Iran's Demand to Use Uranium Equipment Iran is demanding the right to operate uranium enrichment equipment, despite its agreement with the Europeans.
Anil says,  #39;I am not going to comment #39; MUMBAI: Reliance Energy chairman Anil Ambani tonight refused to join issues with his elder brother Mukesh Ambani on the raging battle between them.
Whistleblower earns kudos, fears reprisal WASHINGTON - David Graham says he was surprised when he got back to his Food and Drug Administration office after telling Congress last week the government had allowed unsafe drugs on the market.
Cheat Sheet: Firefox It #39;s a new internet browser. The first full version, Firefox 1.0, was launched earlier this month. In the sense it #39;s a browser, yes, but the differences are larger than the similarities.
Brits Get Replacements for Phony XP Microsoft (Quote, Chart) will swap out phony copies of Windows XP for the real thing, but only in the UK, the company said on Wednesday.
Cassini Shows Grandeur of Two Saturn Moons JPL -- New views of two of Saturn #39;s moons, Titan and Tethys, represent the most detailed look at these moons to date and show a sharp contrast between them -- one is foggy and one is cratered.
Cricket: One-days and test daze Spare a thought for John Bracewell as New Zealand attempt to repair their already badly-dented reputation in the second test against Australia.
Police besiege town after officers die MEXICO CITY - Mexican police raided a town to search for members of an angry mob who lynched two officers a day earlier, but said they had been powerless to prevent the attack.
Palestine Leaders Pledge Peace to Straw Foreign Secretary Jack Straw today won an assurance from Palestinian leaders that they would act to halt the violence against Israelis amid renewed efforts to restart the Middle East peace process.
WTO Ready for U.S. Sanctions (Reuters) Reuters - The World Trade Organization cleared the\way on Thursday to impose  #36;150 million of trade sanctions on\the United States, sought by the European Union and others,\after lawyers resolved a legal wrangle.
Gold Eyes New Highs (Reuters) Reuters - Gold broke to new 16-1/4-year highs\above  #36;450.00 an ounce on Thursday, before pausing as players\began to eye the next big target of  #36;455, traders said.
Iowa State Still Wary of Brad Smith (AP) AP - He began the season as a serious contender for the Heisman Trophy. He was fast, elusive and had a strong arm  #151; everything you'd want in a quarterback. So whatever happened to Brad Smith anyway?
Delaware judge rejects settlement: Oracle moves to replace &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Delaware judge Leo Strine refused to remove PeopleSofts poison pill and alter the shareholder rights plan in a hearing Wednesday.
TiVo Pop-Up Ads Raise Consumer Concerns (AP) AP - Digital video recording pioneer TiVo Inc. has long promised "TV Your Way." But the company's plans for pop-up ads and restrictions on copying have sparked worries that the service may be eroding consumer control in favor of Hollywood and advertiser interests.
After a Decade, Philips Makes PCs Again (Reuters) Reuters - After an absence of a decade, Philips\Electronics is making personal computers again, the company\said on Thursday.  The Netherlands-based electronics\conglomerate, which abandoned the PC business in the early\1990s after suffering big losses, quietly introduced six models\together with British retailer Dixons earlier this week.
Jailed uprising leader Barghouti will seek Palestinian presidency Jailed uprising leader Marwan Barghouti has decided to run for Palestinian Authority president in a Jan. 9 election, seeking to succeed the late Yasser Arafat 
Birds Not Being Killed by Wind Farms -Ecologist (Reuters) Reuters - Two major offshore wind farms in Denmark\are giving the lie to fears that birds are being killed by\flying into the huge vanes of such installations, a conference\heard on Thursday.
Junk 'Tree' Testifies to Beirut's Waste Problem (Reuters) Reuters - Environmentalists built a giant\Christmas tree out of garbage in Beirut on Thursday to pressure\the government into cleaning up Lebanon's waste problem.
Last shout on the Inova Microlight keyring &lt;strong&gt;Cash'n'Carrion&lt;/strong&gt; Final clearance at 9 inc VAT and P amp;P
EU sets date for Microsoft appeal A European Union court will rule in December on an appeal by software giant Microsoft to suspend EU sanctions.
Oil prices rise in Europe OIL futures prices rose in Europe today amid concerns about heating oil supplies at the beginning of the Northern Hemisphere winter.
BT Retail head quits to join Cap Gemini Rumours of a boardroom split at BT Group were given further impetus on Thursday with the announcement that Pierre Danon, the outspoken chief executive of BT Retail, the groups consumer-facing 
Mystery of world #39;s tallest sand dunes solved The worlds tallest sand dunes, some half a kilometre high, survive in a windy desert in northern China because water cements them together, a new study suggests.
No. 6 Texas Holding Strong Over Aggies (AP) AP - Every year before the annual Texas-Texas A amp;M game, Longhorns students, players and coaches gather for the campus 'Hex Rally' to put the voodoo on the Aggies. Recent history bears evidence of some pretty strong magic.
Preston fired as manager of Livingston after seven losses in a row Livingston has fired manager Allan Preston after seven losses in a row. The Lions are last in the Scottish Premier League with just nine points from 15 games and the owners decided 
Brewster appointed manager of Inverness Inverness Caledonian Thistle appointed Craig Brewster as its new manager-player Thursday although he #39;s unable to play for the team until January.
Pakistan: Now #39;s time for peace Pakistan #39;s Prime Minister Shaukat Aziz said Thursday he believes the time is ripe for peace with arch-rival India. Aziz, who returned Wednesday from his 
Terrorists Chemical Weapons Lab Found in Fallujah Iraqi troops, searching terrorist hideouts in Fallujah, discovered a chemical weapons laboratory with manuals on manufacturing explosives and toxins - including anthrax.
Three killed in Samarra blasts Three people have been killed and 14 wounded in separate bomb attacks in the restive Iraqi city of Samarra. One of the blasts was a suicide attack.
News: Warning: critical Winamp vuln Security researchers are warning of a serious - and unfixed - security hole with the popular Winamp media player.
Wake Forest Coach to Show Off No. 1 Team (AP) AP - Give Wake Forest coach Skip Prosser another week or so, and he'll have a better handle on just how good the No. 1 Demon Deacons are and just how good they can be.
EU says defections will not affect Microsoft lawsuit LUXEMBOURG: A European Union judge assessed on Thursday how the desertion of the EUs biggest allies in its anti-trust case against Microsoft will affect proceedings in the five-year legal battle.
Philips sells stake in Vivendi for 720 mn LONDON, November 25 (newratings.com) - Dutch electronics and semiconductor giant, Philips (PHI1.ETR), has sold its entire stake in the French media company, Vivendi Universal.
Stelco, bidders return to court TORONTO - Lawyers for Stelco and the companies involved in the restructuring of the steelmaker were due back in a Toronto court on Thursday for a hearing to approve Deutsche Bank #39;s \$900-million refinancing offer as a benchmark bid.
DeLay, Republicans Reverse Indictment Rule Change (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. House of Representatives\Majority Leader Tom DeLay of Texas got fellow Republicans on\Monday to reverse a recent rule change that would have allowed\him to keep his leadership post even if indicted.
Georgia's Seniors Show Their Class (AP) AP - When Georgia's seniors are introduced before their final game at Sanford Stadium, the crowd always sends them off with respectful cheers. Well, this group should get a rousing ovation.
Athens Slides Back Into Traffic Anarchy (AP) AP - Taxi driver Manuel Pircolos is fuming. At a dead-stop in traffic, he chain smokes, drums his fingers on the dashboard, and sums up life behind the wheel.
Music labels embrace P2P network Wurld Media has concluded agreements with Sony BMG, Universal Music Group and Warner Music Group to facilitate the licensing of music exchanged on its peer-to-peer music network.
Rich States #39; Demands Threaten Environment Treaty Demands by the United States and other wealthy nations to delay the phasing out of a pesticide that depletes the ozone layer threaten to unravel a key global environmental treaty, experts said on Thursday.
Barnes Leads Australian Open by 2 Strokes (AP) AP - Kurt Barnes held a two-stroke lead Thursday after shooting a 6-under-par 65 in the first round of the Australian Open, which is celebrating its 100th anniversary.
Giving Thanks: Jets extend Bradway #39;s contract Hempstead, NY (Sports Network) - The New York Jets on Thursday extended the contract of executive vice president and general manager Terry Bradway through the 2007 season.
Imprisoned Barghuti Runs for Palestinian President The jailed West Bank leader Marwan Barghuti has decided to run for the vacant post of Palestinian Authority president, according to Abdelrahman al-Shomali, member of the dominant Fatah faction #39;s higher committee.
Chirac, Qaddafi Discuss Bulgarian Nurses Fate The fate of the five Bulgarian nurses sentenced to death in Libya has been discussed by the French President Jacques Chirac and Libyan leader Muammar Quaddafi.
ASEAN eyes European model Vientiane (AsiaNews/Agencies) - This morning the Conference of the Association of South-East Asian Nations (ASEAN) opened in Vientiane, Laos.
Pinochet's bad news birthday  Chile's ex-military ruler Augusto Pinochet marks his 89th birthday amid news that a judge has frozen more of his assets.
US shares take a tumble on oil prices NEW YORK, Nov 23 (AFP) - Wall Street shares slid on Tuesday as oil prices surged higher and investors sensed weaknesses in the technology sector.
Turnpike managers collecting tolls during strike #39;s second day Turnpike officials had anticipated a walkout by about 2,000 toll collectors, maintenance workers and office employees, so they waived tolls all day Wednesday after the strike began at 4 am, costing the Pennsylvania Turnpike Commission about \$2 million in 
Work longer, Costello urges A FEW months ago Treasurer Peter Costello was telling Australians to go forth and procreate but he now says they should work harder to pay for their old age.
DoCoMo to offer i-mode to UKs mmO2 Japans dominant wireless operator, NTT DoCoMo Inc., has reached a basic agreement to offer its popular i-mode mobile Internet technology to Britains mmO2 Plc.
LG Electronics plans to launch 7MP camera phone While it took the digital photography industry around six years to launch a six megapixel digital camera it seems the mobile phone industry is not hanging about.
Inter Milan seeks redemption win against Juventus It is early in the season for a decisive match, yet Inter Milan-Juventus on Sunday is shaping up as exactly that. Serie A leader Juventus stands 15 points ahead of Inter, but both teams see the meeting as key to their season.
Let #39;s not emulate violence in NBA Attention high school administrators and coaches: Fight Night at the local gym or football field could be coming soon. I hope I #39;m wrong, but unless schools, players and parents take steps in response to recent news reports, it will happen locally.
Sudan - Chris Mullin Statement on Continuing Violence in Darfur I condemn the recent increase in violence in Darfur, including attacks by the Sudan Liberation Army (SLA) on Tawilla and at Kalma.
Solana has to retract claim over Hamas Javier Solana, European Union foreign policy chief, was on Thursday forced to issue a retraction after saying he had made  quot;direct contact quot; with Hamas, listed by the EU as a banned terrorist group.
Myskina Issues Ultimatum Over Sharapova (AP) AP - French Open champion Anastasia Myskina will quit Russia's Fed Cup team if Maria Sharapova joins the squad next year, saying she doesn't like the Wimbledon champion's father.
Nations split over post-quota system strategy By Frances Williams in Geneva and Raymond Colitt in So Paulo. Developing countries in the World Trade Organisation remain split over what, if any action, the WTO should take to help smaller textiles producers 
US airlines take action on finances United Airlines and Delta Air Lines both took further steps to tackle the US aviation industry #39;s crippling financial crisis, despite the normally quiet Thanksgiving holiday period.
British FM pledges support for Palestinian vote (AFP) AFP - Britain's Foreign Secretary Jack Straw pledged full support for the Palestinian election to find a successor to Yasser Arafat after paying homage to the veteran leader at his graveside.
Morgan backs himself into a corner The last 48 hours have turned into a nightmare for the England  amp; Wales Cricket Board. The one thing that the board wanted to avoid from the off was a repeat of the near-farcical scenes which surrounded the 
NFL memo reminds teams about security The NFL sent a memo to all its teams reminding them about the league #39;s commitment to security following last week #39;s brawl at an NBA game.
Attorney: CU could face serious NCAA sanctions The University of Colorado could face serious NCAA sanctions if private donations for a summer football camp were used for recruiting, an attorney said.
Reliance vice-chair sees "long days" ahead in rift (Reuters) Reuters - A rift between the Ambani brothers, who run India's Reliance conglomerate, is unlikely to be resolved soon, the younger brother indicated on Thursday after six directors resigned from the board of Reliance Energy Ltd..
Bush Seeks Money for Abstinence Education (AP) AP - President Bush's re-election insures that more federal money will flow to abstinence education that precludes discussion of birth control, even as the administration awaits evidence that the approach gets kids to refrain from sex.
Indian cos. seek business with Pakistan When Pakistan #39;s prime minister made a rare visit this week to India, plenty of people had little interest in talking about regional peace, or the Kashmir militancy, or nuclear proliferation.
Lucas takes podium finish in Macau! Lucas Di Grassi took a podium finish on his maiden visit to Macaus Guia circuit. Quite an accomplishment for the young Brazilian.
Panda handstand makes its mark Remarkable filmwork of pandas in the wild shows how these rare bears engage in some gymnastics to mark their territory.
EU court to rule on Microsoft case mid-December The European Union (EU) #39;s Court of First Instance will decide between 18 and 20 December whether to suspend the European Commission #39;s sanctions against software giant Microsoft 
Recording companies to allow legal file swap Universal Music Group, Sony BMG Music Entertainment and Warner Music Group -- three of the four major recording companies -- have licensed their catalog of music to Saratoga Springs-based Wurld Media, the firm said Wednesday.
Gold Fields calls for halt to Harmony bid Harmony Gold #39;s (HAR) offer and to vote in favour of the transaction with Canada #39;s IAMGOLD.  quot;Over the past six weeks you have been inundated with misinformation in support of Harmony #39;s value destroying, hostile 
Russia to take concrete steps in economic cooperation with &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The Russian government intends to take concrete efforts to develop trade and economic relations with Venezuela, Prime Minister Mikhail Fradkov said on Thursday, according to the Russian media.
Extremely Critical Winamp flaw p2pnet.net News:- Winamp has an extremely critical security hole that could be exploited by hackers to compromise a user #39;s system.
Pirates Near Shedding Kendall's Contract (AP) AP - Jason Kendall has been one of baseball's steadiest offensive players since his rookie season in 1996, a player who rarely takes an at-bat or a day off. His uniform is always the dirtiest in the clubhouse after a game.
Ranieri believes victory to be turning point Valencia coach Claudio Ranieri believes that his side #39;s Champions League win at Anderlecht on Wednesday will be a turning point for his team, but believes they have to improve further if they are to qualify for the last sixteen.
CSKA Moscow Need Abramovichs Help After Champions League Defeat Theoretically, CSKA Moscow can still qualify for the next round of the Champions League, but last nights home defeat to reigning champions Porto has lengthened the odds greatly.
Troussier for Marseille boss Philippe Troussier and Olympique de Marseille have reached an  quot;agreement in principle quot; for the Frenchman to take over the reins at the troubled outfit.
IAEA: Confidence in Iran #39;s Nuclear Program Has Eroded The International Atomic Energy Agency says Iran has exempted some centrifuges from its commitment to freeze uranium enrichment and lacks trustworthiness because of past concealment and delays in disclosing information.
Rwanda vows to attack rebels President Paul Kagame said Congo and the international community had failed to tackle the rebels for 10 years.  quot;If the international community cannot take care of this problem 
Family feud prompts six directors to quit Six directors of Reliance Energy, a subsidiary of Reliance Industries, India #39;s biggest private sector company, yesterday resigned from the board as 
England Cricket Tour of Zimbabwe Back On Englands controversial cricket tour of Zimbabwe was back on tonight after a ban on British journalists was lifted. But the Tories accused the Government of having 
Fatah Council Backs Abbas for Palestinian President (Reuters) Reuters - The Revolutionary Council\of the Palestinians' dominant political faction Fatah approved\Mahmoud Abbas on Thursday as its candidate to succeed Yasser\Arafat in a presidential election set for Jan. 9.
 #39;Sedimental #39; journey nearly over A grand experiment for the Grand Canyon, the controlled flood designed to reinvigorate the Colorado River ecosystem will finish today, while scientific research on the results steps up.
Wenger Confident Of Euro Progress Arsene Wenger is confident that his Arsenal side will progress to the next stage of the Champions League despite missing two key players for the final group game in two weeks.
Microsoft awaits penalties timing Microsoft is expected to hear next month whether antitrust penalties imposed by the European Commission will become effective immediately, or whether they will be suspended for possibly four to five years.
Yukos directors  #39;flee #39; Russia LONDON - The entire management board of the embattled Russian oil company Yukos appears to have fled the country for fear of arrest.
I was kept in the dark: Anil Letter to Mukesh says dilution of powers is not legal; Anil hints at ulterior motive. Anil Ambani has written to his brother Mukesh, saying his powers as vice-chairman and managing director of Reliance Industries 
Chicago to Sell City-Related Items on eBay (AP) AP - City officials hope there are people willing to pay plenty of money to own a vintage Playboy Bunny costume, toss green dye into the Chicago River or throw a dinner party prepared by Oprah Winfrey's chef.
Major paedophile trial begins in Portugal (AFP) AFP - Seven people, including a popular TV star and a former diplomat, went on trial in Portugal in a high-profile child abuse case involving minors from a network of state-run children's homes.
Iran Insists on Keeping Some Centrifuges (AP) AP - Iran insisted Thursday it had a right to exempt some equipment from an agreement with the European Union committing it to freeze all parts of a program that can make nuclear weapons-grade uranium  #151; a move that diplomats said threatened to scuttle the deal.
Sharman blends Skype with Kazaa PHOENIX, Ariz., Nov. 25 - Sharman Networks has announced that Kazaa Version 3 will integrate Skype software via the recently released Skype API.
Telenor urges fair regulatory system in Thailand (FT.com) FT.com - Telenor, the Norwegian telecommunications company, on Thursday called for "a level-playing field" in Thailand's mobile industry, urging a newly-established Thai telecoms regulator swiftly to create a fair new interconnection regime.
China to Set Up Wal-Mart Union Branches (AP) AP - China's Communist Party-controlled union is ready to help Wal-Mart Stores Inc. set up union branches at its Chinese outlets "as soon as possible," reports and union officials said Thursday.
India Considers Granting Greater Autonomy to Kashmir India says it would consider granting autonomy to the disputed region of Kashmir to help make peace with Pakistan, but added it will not redraw its borders.
We will curb violence, Palestinians tell Straw The foreign secretary, Jack Straw, today won an assurance from Palestinian political leaders that they would act to halt the violence against Israelis but ruled out a meeting with Hamas.
Hunters Off the Hook for Bison Declines (AP) AP - Big game hunters may be off the hook in the latest twist of a prehistoric whodunit that tries to explain why bison populations sharply crashed thousands of years ago.
Study: Dead Cicadas Help the Soil (AP) AP - Even in death, the 17-year cicadas made their mark. Their decaying carcasses gave a super-size boost in nutrients to forest soil and stimulated seed and nitrogen production in a plant important to the forest ecosystem, researchers reported in Friday's issue of the journal Science.
Summary Box: Cicada Carcasses Help Soil (AP) AP - WHEN CICADAS DIE: Decaying cicada carcasses provide a massive boost in nutrients to forest soil and stimulate seed and nitrogen production in a plant important to the forest ecosystem, researchers reported.
A Madeover Berlin Struggles for Top City Status (Reuters) Reuters - The massive cranes that towered over\Berlin for much of the past decade, an omnipresent symbol of\the city's renaissance, no longer dominate the skyline.
Lastminute losses almost double Shares in online travel firm Lastminute tumble as it reports pre-tax losses of 77m - almost double the figure of a year ago.
Gold Hits 16-Year High as Dollar Plunges Against Euro With the dollar hitting a third straight day of record lows against the euro, gold rose above \$450 an ounce for the first time in more than 16 years.
Bison shed light on big wipeout New data casts doubt on the popular theory that big North American mammals were wiped out by human hunting.
Colts Take 27-9 Lead Against Detroit Indianapolis Colts quarterback Peyton Manning (18) calls a play in the huddle during the first quarter against the Chicago Bears Sunday, Nov. 21, 2004, in Chicago.
Top Yukos Executives, Including 2 Americans, Flee Russia Top executives at the Russian oil company Yukos, including two Americans, have left Russia, saying they fear persecution as a result of the company #39;s continuing dispute with the Kremlin.
Irish cigarette sales slump Cigarette sales in Ireland have fallen by 17.6 percent this year after it became the first country to impose a nationwide ban on smoking in the workplace.
Hunters off the hook for bison declines Big game hunters may be off the hook in the latest twist of a prehistoric whodunit that tries to explain why bison populations sharply crashed thousands of years ago.
Phishing Scams Increase Dramatically Phishing scams increased by more than 100 in October causing banks, financial services firms and popular consumer websites until grief.
Russia, France cruise into Fed Cup final Moscow, Russia (Sports Network) - Russia and France cruised into the Fed Cup final Thursday, completing 5-0 shutouts over opponents Austria and Spain after taking commanding early leads in the semifinals.
IOC urges Turin organizers to resolve problems soon On a day when police inspected Turin #39;s financial records, the IOC urged Italian organizers to sort out their problems soon or risk a crisis of confidence in the 2006 Winter Olympics.
Pakistan PM satisfied over his New Delhi visit Islamabad, Nov 25 (UNI) Pakistan Prime Minister Shaukat Aziz today expressed satisfaction on what he called positive interactions with the Indian leadership in New Delhi and hoped the dialogue process would continue to move forward.
Toronto stock market registers gains thanks to resource, finance &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; TORONTO (CP) - Higher oil and gold prices along with a financial services sector on the mend fuelled respectable gains on the Toronto stock market Thursday.
Bengals #39; Palmer leaves practice with back spasms CINCINNATI (Nov. 25, 2004) -- Bengals quarterback Carson Palmer left practice Nov. 25 with back spasms but is expected to play against the Cleveland Browns.
Jailed Barghouti to run in Palestinian presidential election Jailed uprising leader Marwan Barghouti has decided to run in the Palestinian presidential election as an independent candidate to replace late Yasser Arafat,the local Ha #39;aretz daily reported Thursday.
Opera, Mozilla Ready for Prime Time Opera, Mozilla Ready for Prime Time\\Early Internet surfers, which of course means something less than a decade ago for most of us, will remember the days when Netscape was the only real browser in town. For those who don't remember, there was a time when Netscape was for sale in ...
GuruNet Spins Off Answers.com - A Reference Driven Search Engine GuruNet Spins Off Answers.com - A Reference Driven Search Engine\\GuruNet Corporation today announced the release of Answers.com, a site-and-software combination providing instant reference answers rather than lists of search engine links. GuruNet Corporation, through its Answers.com site, plans to generate revenues from ads placed alongside its topic entries, rather than ...
Giants Look for Way to Stop Owens, Eagles (AP) AP - Will Allen doesn't mind watching Terrell Owens do his elaborate touchdown celebrations. The New York Giants cornerback just doesn't want to see the Philadelphia Eagles receiver do it on Sunday at Giants Stadium.
No. 18 Sun Devils Seek to Stop Wildcats (AP) AP - Arizona State (8-2 overall, 5-2 Pac-10) is averaging just over 30 points. The Wildcats (2-8, 1-6) are averaging a measly 13 points, ranking them 117th in Division I.
France's Pierce Exits Fed Cup Semifinal (AP) AP - Two-time major champion Mary Pierce pulled out of France's Fed Cup semifinal against Spain because of a right shoulder injury, the French tennis federation said on its Web site Tuesday.
Marines Celebrate Thanksgiving in Iraq (AP) AP - Lt. Sven Jensen's U.S. Marines unit survived for weeks on military rations while living rough in Iraq's Fallujah, so he wrangled a truck Thursday and drove his men to the rear for a rare treat: Thanksgiving turkey and cranberry sauce.
Bestselling author Hailey is dead British-born writer Arthur Hailey, author of 11 best-sellers, dies at his home in the Bahamas, says his wife Sheila.
Gold Hits 16-Year High as Dollar Plunges Vs. Euro With the dollar hitting a third straight day of record lows against the euro, gold rose above \$450 an ounce for the first time in more than 16 years.
Record number likely to hit road Higher gasoline prices, hotel rates and air fares aren #39;t expected to deter travelers this Thanksgiving. Instead, a record number of people will be on the road and in the air this year, according to AAA Mid-Atlantic.
SBC, Yahoo, 2Wire, and Dish Network Partner For Multimedia Entertainment Monster SBC, Yahoo, 2Wire, and Dish Network Partner For Multimedia Entertainment Monster\\SBC Communications and 2Wire Inc.teamed up to deliver a home entertainment service that integrates satellite TV programming, digital video recording, video on demand, and Internet content including photos and music via an award-winning new set-top box  #8212; and ties it ...
Second oil spill this week shuts down Nfld rig ST. JOHN #39;S, Nfld. - Officials have shut down a drilling rig at the Terra Nova offshore oil project following another oil spill Thursday morning.
Hunters Off the Hook for Bison Declines WASHINGTON Nov 25, 2004 - Big game hunters may be off the hook in the latest twist of a prehistoric whodunit that tries to explain why bison populations sharply crashed thousands of years ago.
New game recreates JFK assassination A new video game allows players to simulate the assassination of US President John F. Kennedy. The release of  quot;JFK Reloaded quot; is timed to coincide with the 41st anniversary of Kennedy #39;s murder in Dallas and 
Students put university on eBay Students at Exeter University have put the institution up for sale on internet auction site eBay as part of their protest against proposed cuts.
Pirates! Ships! It #39;s unfortunately not the next Uncharted Waters game, but the remake of a classic Sid Meier #39;s title will certainly do... Atari and Firaxis Games announced today that the highly-anticipated sequel to one of 
Bengals #39; Palmers leaves practice Cincinnati, OH (Sports Network) - Cincinnati Bengals quarterback Carson Palmer missed the second half of Thursday #39;s practice while receiving treatment for back spasms.
Iran wants centrifuges exempted from uranium enrichment freeze &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Iran insisted Thursday it had a right to exempt some equipment from an agreement with the European Union committing it to freeze all parts of a program that can make nuclear weapons-grade uranium, a move that diplomats said 
Rwandan and Congo Leaders to Meet The presidents of Congo and Rwanda could meet soon to calm renewed tensions between the neighboring countries, according to presidential aides.
Madrid 2012 Protests Paris 2012 Bid Promotion Madrid 2012 organizers complained that Paris 2012 had broken bidding rules for the 2012 Summer Olympic Games by using Frances embassies in Oslo and Kuwait to hold events promoting its candidacy.
Salvation Army bell ringers find new donation sites (RALEIGH, North Carolina)-- Wake County #39;s Salvation Army will have dozens of new donation sites this holiday. That #39;s in large part because Target decided not to allow any non-profit groups in front of its stores.
Manning Shines As Colts Gobble Up Lions (AP) AP - Peyton Manning broke one of Dan Marino's records, took a big step toward another and didn't even have to play the whole game to do it. Manning threw for six touchdowns in less than three quarters and raised his season total to 41 scoring passes to lead the Indianapolis Colts past the Detroit Lions 41-9 Thursday.
Paraguay Seizes 300 Kg Cocaine at Brazil Border (Reuters) Reuters - Paraguayan anti-drug agents\seized their biggest cocaine haul in 15 years after searching a\small airplane near the border with Brazil, a state prosecutor\told Reuters on Thursday.
Bison Populations Decimated by Cold, Not Hunting, Study Says North American bison populations suffered a sharp decline long before humans inhabited the continent, indicating that environmental factors, not hunting, wiped out the animals, according to a study published in the journal Science.
Informal six-nation talks on NKorea nuclear drive next month: report (AFP) AFP - Informal six-nation talks on North Korea's nuclear program may take place in mid-December in Beijing, South Korea's state-run KBS television network reported.
Senate report says Canadians won't cut greenhouse gases until it costs them (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - (CP) - It's time for Canadians to stop paying lip service to climate change and start paying cash in the form of higher bills to tank up their cars and heat their homes, says a Senate report released Thursday.
Away From Home and Family, a Slice of Tradition For U.S. soldiers in Iraq celebrating Thanksgiving away from their families, the day's events showed some traditions can be transplanted, even to the palm groves and farm fields near Baqubah.
University Up for Sale in Spoof Auction which plans to axe three academic departments to save money -as been put up for sale on the internet auction site eBay. The campus is on offer at 10 million in 
NFL: Manning Fires Six TD Passes as Colts Rout Lions (Reuters) Reuters - Peyton Manning threw six touchdown\passes, setting a National Football League record with his\fifth straight game with at least four TD tosses, as the\Indianapolis Colts hammered the Detroit Lions 41-9 in U.S.\Thanksgiving Day play in Detroit.
Lehmann slams  #39;arrogant #39; ref Goalkeeper Jens Lehmann has accused German referee Herbert Fandel, who sent off two Arsenal players in Eindhoven, of being  quot;very arrogant quot;.
Davidson #39;s Williams Hopes Dashed BAR Honda have dashed Anthony Davidson #39;s hopes for a top drive in 2005, and blamed the Williams team in the process. BAR technical director Geoff Willis said that Williams would not compromise on an  #39;unconditional arrangement.
Ready to partner Bellamy This fixture will be one of the toughest matches we #39;ve faced this season because winning games in France is never easy. Sochaux are flying high in their own league, in third position, and that is no mean feat.
Barcelona still aiming to overhaul Milan Striker Samuel Eto #39;o says Barcelona still want to top their Champions League group despite having safely qualified for the knockout stages with a 1-1 draw against Celtic on Wednesday.
Rebels threaten gates AUSTRALIA #39;s best players will be forced to take a pay cut running into thousands of dollars if a West Indian dispute leaves a second-string Caribbean side touring Australia for the one-day series.
ENGLAND STARS  quot;SADDENED quot; BY ZIMBABWE DRAMA England #39;s players hit out at cricket #39;s authorities tonight and claimed they had been used as  quot;political pawns quot; after the Zimbabwe government produced a spectacular U-turn to ensure the controversial one-day series will go ahead.
Austria #39;s Walchhofer fastest in training at Lake Louise CBC SPORTS ONLINE - Austrians Michael Walchhofer and Hermann Maier finished 1-2 Thursday in training for this weekend #39;s season-opening World Cup downhill race in Lake Louise, Alta.
Myanmar to release another 5,000 prisoners: state radio YANGON (AFP) - Myanmar said it would release a second batch of prisoners taking the total announced in a week to more than 9,000. The military regime said it would free 5,311 prisoners on top of the 3,937 
Oracle names proposed PeopleSoft board Oracle has named four candidates that it plans to nominate to the board of PeopleSoft, as it pushes forward with its efforts to try to take control of the rival company.
NFL: Manning Fires Six TD Passes as Colts Rout Lions Peyton Manning threw six touchdown passes, setting a National Football League record with his fifth straight game with at least four TD tosses, as the Indianapolis Colts hammered the Detroit Lions 41-9 in US Thanksgiving Day play in 
Olowokandi arrested, tasered outside Indy club NBA player Michael Olowokandi was arrested early Thursday at an Indianapolis nightclub after a dispute with police, during which the Minnesota Timberwolves center was hit twice with an electronic stun gun, police said.
Steaua top after beating Besiktas BUCHAREST, Romania -- Rica Neaga and Cristian Ciocoiu scored in the first half as Steaua Bucharest held on to beat Besiktas 2-1 in a hard-fought UEFA Cup tie to go top of Group B on Thursday.
Arafat #39;s willing executioners Sometimes, when we think we #39;re changing 4 quarters for a dollar, we actually get short-changed. This is the case with the death of Yasser Arafat.
BJP sees no gains from Aziz visit Ranchi, Nov. 25: The BJP has said Pakistan Prime Minister Shaukat Azizs India visit has fetched no results. A resolution on foreign policy passed at the partys national executive tonight said: No 
Minnesota Timberwolves Center Arrested (AP) AP - Minnesota Timberwolves center Michael Olowokandi was arrested early Thursday morning after he refused to leave a club.
EU, Japan to Get WTO #39;s Go-Ahead to Hit Back at US Handouts US queries about how Japan and the European Union will sanction American imports were resolved today, paving the way for retaliation against a US law that has handed \$750 million in customs levies to companies since 2001.
Hunters Off the Hook for Bison Declines WASHINGTON - Big game hunters may be off the hook in the latest twist of a prehistoric whodunit that tries to explain why bison populations sharply crashed thousands of years ago.
Pigeons  #39;sense magnetic field #39; Homing pigeons use the Earth #39;s magnetic field to navigate their way home over long distances, scientists writing in Nature magazine confirm.
Olowokandi arrested in Indianapolis INDIANAPOLIS Minnesota Timberwolves center Michael Olowokandi was arrested early this morning after he refused to leave an Indianapolis club.
Barwick Is New FA Chief Executive Brian Barwick, the head of ITV Sport, was tonight facing the challenge of uniting the national sport behind him as he was announced as the Football Associations new chief executive.
Mickelson shoots 59 American Phil Mickelson registered a 59 to win the Grand Slam of Golf in Kauai, Hawaii. The Masters champion had an eagle putt on the 18th for a record 58 but missed and tapped in for a birdie and a 59, equalling the lowest score in stroke-play history.
UPDATE 1-TV executive Barwick wins top job at English FA Television executive Brian Barwick was given the top job in English football on Thursday when he was appointed Football Association chief executive.
USC's Leinart on Big Stage Against Irish (AP) AP - Carson Palmer kept throwing and throwing, and by the time he was finished with Notre Dame two years ago, Southern California had a one-sided victory and the quarterback had locked up the Heisman Trophy.
Eight Executed in Cancun Drug Killings (Reuters) Reuters - Suspected drug gangsters murdered\eight people execution-style in and around the Caribbean beach\town of Cancun this week as a wave of brutal killings hit\Mexico.
Anil speaks, refuses to join issue Reliance Energy Chairman Anil Ambani on Thursday refused to join issue with his elder brother Mukesh Ambani on the battle raging between them.
New Owners Plan To Cut 829 SouthTrust Jobs BIRMINGHAM, Ala. -- The new owners of SouthTrust Corp. have told state officials they plan to cut 829 jobs in Birmingham between January 2005 and March 2006.
UEFA Cup: Villarreal downs Middlesbrough 2-0 Antonio Guayre #39; #39; Betancor and Javi Venta scored in each half to earn Villarreal a 2-0 win over Middlesbrough in UEFA Cup Group E on Thursday.
NFL Game Summary - Indianapolis at Detroit Detroit, MI (Sports Network) - Peyton Manning continued his amazing season, tying a career-high with six touchdown passes, as Indianapolis trounced Detroit, 41-9, in the traditional Thanksgiving Day game at Ford Field.
Ponting wants best West Indies team to tour Australia Ricky Ponting has said he would be disappointed if senior West Indies players, including batsman Brian Lara, did not join the team #39;s one-day series tour 
Just say No(tre Dame) TONY Rice? Who is he? Tim Brown? He #39;s that old receiver the Raiders cut loose, right? Ara Parseghian? Isn #39;t he the guy who coached back in the  #39;30s and  #39;40s?
Oracle to Make PeopleSoft Nominations (AP) AP - Oracle Corp. plans to nominate four candidates for election to rival PeopleSoft Inc.'s board of directors as part of its battle to acquire the rival software company.
Stripper shortage reflects industry demands for more demeaning acts: expert (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - OTTAWA (CP) - Contrary to Immigration Department claims, there is no shortage of native-borne exotic dancers in Canada, says a University of Toronto law professor who has studied the strip club business.
Cricket: England players' dismay England's players claim to have been used as "political pawns" over the Zimbabwe tour crisis.
Football: Boro's hopes dashed Middlesbrough suffer their first defeat in Europe this season and will have to wait to secure their Uefa Cup knockout spot. 
Yukos CFO delays return to Moscow after summoned for questioning A half-dozen executives of embattled oil giant Yukos have left Russia and the company #39;s chief financial officer said Thursday he won #39;t return until he learns whether the government is planning charges against him.
EU in push to reduce red tape The European Union has launched a new drive to reduce its regulatory burden on companies, in a bid to tackle one of the most frequent complaints made by business.
Microsoft IE losing out to Firefox? London: Microsoft #39;s Internet Explorer(IE)is facing some stiff competition from Firefox as web analysts have revealed that the proportion of surfers using Microsoft #39;s Internet Explorer (IE) has dropped to below 90 percent.
Colts Quarterback Sets Passing Record (AP) AP - Colts quarterback Peyton Manning set an NFL record by throwing at least four touchdown passes in a fifth straight game, getting four in the first half alone against the Lions on Thursday.
Four-goal Newcastle breeze into last 32 of UEFA Cup Last season #39;s UEFA Cup semi-finalists Newcastle United marched into the last 32 with their third successive win in the group stage on Thursday.
Webber #39;s drive time MARK Webber revealed he can already feel the winning potential of his new team after just one day #39;s testing in Spain. The Australian was speaking as controversy engulfed his Williams team back in England when 
Olowokandi jailed for nightclub incident Indianapolis, IN (Sports Network) - Minnesota Timberwolves Michael Olowokandi spent Wednesday night in jail after police needed a stun gun to compel him to leave a club.
UEFA Cup: Lazio rallies to 2-2 draw with Partizan Second-half goals by Paolo Di Canio and Simone Inzaghi rallied Lazio to a 2-2 home draw with Partizan Belgrade in a UEFA Cup Group E match on Thursday.
USC #39;s Leinart gets opportunity to influence Heisman voters Carson Palmer kept throwing and throwing, and by the time he was finished with Notre Dame two years ago, Southern California had a one-sided victory and the quarterback had locked up the Heisman Trophy.
UEFA Cup: Schalke beats Ferencvaros 2-0 Schalke beat Ferencvaros Budapest 2-0 in their UEFA Cup match on Thursday to leapfrog over idle Feyenoord Rotterdam to the top of Group A. Support your favorite team with official UEFA Cup gear from the FOX Soccer Shop!
Palestinian firebrand is to run for president from Israeli cell MARWAN BARGHOUTI, the Palestinian leader jailed for life in an Israeli prison, re-emerged as a pivotal figure in Palestinian politics last night when senior Fatah officials 
ASEAN peace pact signing  #39;unlikely #39; PRIME Minister John Howard today said Australia was unlikely to sign a non-aggression pact with its Asian neighbours. The issue is reportedly causing tension ahead of Mr Howard #39;s visit to Laos for the ASEAN leaders #39; summit next week.
EU judge plans Microsoft ruling within a month This fourth priority #39;s main focus has been enterprise directories for several months, but for many IT managers, ERP (enterprise resource planning) and open source initiatives are on the horizon.
Big leap in foreign investment in India Foreign direct investment inflows to India leapt by almost 70 per cent in the first six months of the year but are still running at only a tenth the volume of China.
Immoral, unjust, oppressive dictatorship. . . and then there #39;s &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; ROBERT MUGABES Government is pushing through legislation designed to prevent human rights organisations from operating in Zimbabwe.
UEFA Cup: Liedson lifts Sporting Sporting Lisbon ended Dinamo Tbilisi #39;s interest in the UEFA Cup with a crushing 4-0 victory at the Boris Paichadze stadium in Georgia.
Yukos Board to Develop Short-Term Emergency Plan #39; (Update1) OAO Yukos Oil Co. will draw up a short-term emergency plan #39; #39; to prepare for the sale of OAO Yuganskneftegas, the company #39;s main oil-producing unit, and the expropriation of other assets.
Oracle to nominate four candidates for PeopleSoft board REDWOOD SHORES, Calif. Oracle has announced plans to nominate four candidates for election to rival PeopleSoft #39;s board of directors.
More oil spilled off Newfoundland ST. JOHN #39;S, NFLD. - Another spill at Newfoundland #39;s Terra Nova oil field has added about 1,000 litres to the 165,000 litres of crude spilled Sunday.
Israel downplays EU meetings with Hamas Israel has responded coolly to reports of secret contacts with the Palestinian militant group Hamas. European Union foreign policy chief Javier Solana has revealed there has been some contacts, but he has 
UN warns Rwanda on Congo threats The UN Security Council has warned Rwanda not to attack the Democratic Republic of Congo to flush out Hutu rebels based there, reports Anne Mugisa.
PM wouldn #39;t like to see rising dollar PRIME Minister John Howard hopes the Australian dollar does not keep on rising because it would make us less competitive. Mr Howard said although he wouldn #39;t say Australia was heading for tough times, there 
Board pledges to defend Yukos The board of directors of embattled oil giant Yukos said Thursday it will continue to defend the company from a criminal probe it called politically motivated amid reports that board members have fled Russia.
A Familiar Ring There #39;s no rest for the Salvation Army bell ringers as the holidays arrive. They #39;re out in force this season, gathering money to help the less fortunate.
Magpies hammer French Newcastle cruise through to the knock out phase of the Uefa Cup with a convincing 4-0 away to Sochaux. The French side made a promising start, Jeremy Menez free kick forcing Shay Given to make a diving save.
Austria #39;s Michael Walchhofer surprising himself in downhill &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; LAKE LOUISE, Alta. (CP) - Austria #39;s Michael Walchhofer is surprising himself as he gets ready for the first World Cup downhill race of the season.
Qaeda believed to be calling for action in Afghanistan BAGRAM AIR BASE: Al Qaeda is believed to have called its followers to action in response to the massively attended vote last month that elected President Hamid Karzai, said a top US commander.
Djamshid says farewell and thank you to Canada on eve of long trip home (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - TORONTO (CP) - A 10-year-old Afghan boy whose struggle for life captured the hearts of Canadians bade a fond farewell to the country that rescued him Thursday as he prepared for a long journey home to a life of abject poverty.
Oil Prices Rise in Europe Oil futures prices rose in Europe Thursday amid concerns about heating oil supplies at the beginning of the Northern Hemisphere winter.
Japanese Stocks May Rise; Nintendo, AOC, JFE, NTT Seen Gaining Japanese stocks may rise after companies including Nintendo Co. and AOC Holdings Inc. raised their full-year earnings forecasts. Expectations of a strong Christmas sale season are 
Philips sells 3 stake in Vivendi for 720mil euros AMSTERDAM: Royal Philips Electronics NV has sold its entire 3 stake in Vivendi Universal for around 720 million euros. The transaction closed on Wednesday and is expected to result in a non-taxable gain of 300 million euros in the fourth quarter.
Safety groups give warning about unsafe toys Before you go holiday shopping, children #39;s safety groups said you should check their lists twice to find out which toys could hurt your kids.
Nfld. oil spill more serious than originally thought ST. JOHN #39;S, Nfld. -- An oil spill on Newfoundland #39;s Grand Banks is larger than first reported. The Canada-Newfoundland Offshore Petroleum Board now says that up to 1,000 barrels of oil may have spilled into 
KarstadtQuelle Reaches Pact With Rebel Investors (Update2) KarstadtQuelle AG, Germany #39;s biggest operator of department stores, reached an agreement with investors who mounted legal challenges to the company #39;s plan to raise 535 million euros (\$709 million) in a share sale.
FDI in branded retail may be allowed NEW DELHI, Nov. 25. The Centre plans to open the doors to foreign direct investment (FDI) in the retail segment so long as it does not impact the domestic retailers in the same sector.
China, India and Pakistan stall WTO talks on textile quotas GENEVA: Major textile exporters China, Pakistan and India on Thursday stalled talks at the World Trade Organisation on assistance for smaller textile-producing developing countries likely to be affected by the end of import quotas next January, diplomats 
Cicada infestations boost nutrients for forests WASHINGTON - Insects that emerge every 17 years in the eastern United States provide valuable nutrients to forest ecosystems when they die, an ecologist says.
Henry a doubtful starter EINDHOVEN: Thierry Henry is doubtful for Arsenal #39;s Premiership clash with Liverpool on Sunday after aggravating a lingering achilles tendon problem in the stormy Champions League draw with PSV Eindhoven here on Wednesday.
O #39;Neill hails Celtic performance in Barcelona Celtic manager Martin O #39;Neill has hailed his team #39;s performance as  quot;phemomenal quot;, as they kept their European hopes alive.
Lazio 2-2 Partizan Belgrade: FT Report ROME, November 25 (UEFA Cup) - Paulo Di Canio was the hero as he brought Lazio back from two goals down against Partizan Belgrade but their UEFA Cup campaign may be beyond salvation.
Fan slapped with fine, five-year ban for racially abusing Yorke LONDON (AFP) - A British court slapped a 1,000-pound (1,880-dollar) fine and a five-year football ground ban on a fan for hurling monkey chants at Birmingham City striker Dwight Yorke.
Bowe to Miss Fight Due to Shoulder Injury LOUISVILLE, Ky. Nov 25, 2004 - Former heavyweight champion Riddick Bowe will not fight Kenny Craven on Saturday because of a shoulder injury.
Sportsview: Manning Still Needs Ring (AP) AP - Peyton Manning had barely made it to the locker room, and already the talking heads on the network NFL shows were debating his place in history.
US Launches Massive Offensive on Baghdad BAGHDAD, November 24 (IslamOnline.net  amp; News Agencies) - US-led occupation troops took Tuesday night, November 23, their offensive from Fallujah to Baghdad with some 5,000 US marines, British troops and Iraqi commandos launching full-scale raids into 
Colombian fighters lay down arms Some 450 members of Colombia #39;s feared rightwing paramilitaries have disarmed en masse in a football field as part of the process to end the civil war.
Newcastle and Dnipro Win Third Straight (AP) AP - Newcastle and Ukrainian club Dnipro Dnipropetrovsk maintained their perfect records in the UEFA Cup group phase on Thursday to virtually guarantee a place in the knockout stage.
WTO close to action against US BRUSSELS The World Trade Organization is expected to approve on Friday the imposition of trade sanctions worth \$150 million on the United States by the European Union, Japan, Canada and others after a legal issue was resolved Thursday.
Consumer confidence takes tumble in Germany Business confidence in Germany, Europe #39;s largest economy, fell to its lowest level in more than a year in November as the euro #39;s climb to a record high against the dollar threatened exports and unemployment at a five-year high crimped consumer spending 
Philips sells stake in Vivendi Philips Electronics, Europe #39;s largest maker of CD players, said Thursday that it had sold its 3 percent stake in Vivendi Universal, owner of the world #39;s biggest music company.
Analysts want Ambani brothers to come clean on the ownership issue &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Business India: Mumbai, Nov 25 : A rift between the Ambani brothers who run the country #39;s business conglomerate - the Reliance Group - today spilled into the board room of power utility Reliance Energy Ltd.
Computers Help Authenticate Paintings Art collectors spend millions to buy masterpieces, but the masterpiece they buy today could prove to be virtually worthless tomorrow if they aren #39;t careful.
Google up on Goldman #39;s \$215 stock price target Shares of Web search leader Google (GOOG) rose more than 5 in extended trade Tuesday after Goldman Sachs analyst Anthony Noto put a \$215 price target on the stock.
Newcastle #39;s stand-ins prove to be line perfect STEVE McCLAREN returned to Spain for the second time in little more than a week and, although there was no recurrence of the Neanderthal noises that marred Englands defeat in Madrid, he was again made to endure a substandard performance from one of his 
Pampling jumps to front QUEENSLANDER Rod Pampling made four birdies on the front nine to grab the outright lead in the second round of the Australian Open in Sydney.
Australia is unlikely to sign nonaggression pact with Asean Prime Minister John Howard said Friday he is unlikely to sign a nonaggression pact with Australia #39;s Asian neighbors. The issue is reportedly causing tension ahead of Howard #39;s visit 
NK awaits better climate for talks With global attention focused on whether and when North Korea will return to six-party talks on its nuclear weapons program, Pyongyang officials are  quot;sincere quot; in wanting a denuclearized peninsula and await a  quot;better atmosphere quot; to resume discussions, a 
Fearing Prosecution by Kremlin, Top Executives of Yukos Leave Russia Top executives at the Russian oil giant Yukos, including the company's American chief executive and chief financial officers, have left the country.
Could Be Days Before Terra Nova Restart - Petrocan CALGARY, Alberta - It could could be days before Canada #39;s second-largest offshore oil project, Terra Nova, restarts after being shut down last weekend when crude spilled into the ocean, an official with operator Petro-Canada said Thursday.
Target Stores Ban Holiday Bell Ringers SEATTLE - A major department store chain is telling the Salvation Army to take its bell ringers someplace else. Target Stores is taking the extreme action claiming the bell ringing gives the Salvation Army an unfair advantage.
Deep freeze dealt death knell to bison WASHINGTON - Hunters may not be to blame for the decline in bison populations, according to a new study that points the finger at climate change.
EU tries to hold Iran to nuclear weapons deal The European Union was last night attempting to salvage a hard-fought deal with Iran after Tehran insisted on exemptions to its agreed suspension of activities that could produce a nuclear weapon.
Yukos top managers leave Russia fearing arrest MOSCOW - The top management of oil major Yukos has left Russia fearing arrest under a Kremlin drive to  quot;decapitate quot; the country #39;s largest oil exporting company, a Yukos source said on Thursday.
Resignations jolt India #39;s Reliance A rift between the Ambani brothers who run India #39;s Reliance conglomerate appeared to spill into the boardroom of power utility Reliance Energy Ltd.
Suspension-hit Pacers sign two players (AFP) AFP - The Indiana Pacers signed forwards Tremaine Fowlkes and Britton Johnsen to fill gaps left by the suspensions of three players involved in a brawl at Detroit last week.
Sunni Politicians Urge Iraq Election Delay (AP) AP - Leading Sunni Muslim politicians Thursday urged postponement of the Jan. 30 national elections, and a senior official said the government had agreed to meet outside the country with Saddam Hussein supporters to try to convince them to abandon the insurgency.
9 Found in Apparent Cancun Drug Killings (AP) AP - Police found the bodies of nine people, including three federal agents, in two areas Thursday near this Caribbean resort city, apparent victims of drug killings, officials said.
Life behind bars in South Africa Mark Thatcher, in court over a coup plot, has built a new life amid the millionaires #39; mansions of Constantia. Raymond Whitaker reports.
No playin #39; around, toys called unsafe As local kids make their holiday lists, parents might want to check them twice for potentially dangerous toys. Consumer advocates yesterday released a list of 61 toys they contend have deficient labeling or hazardous parts.
Apple iTunes don #39;t know it #39;s Christmas-time at all THE Apple iTunes music store has refused to sell the charity Band Aid song Do They Know Its Christmas? because it would damage the companys dominance of the download market.
McClaren pays for lack of ambition WITH a minimum of drama and an economy of effort - qualities that are seldom applicable to the club -ewcastle United last night qualified for the knockout phase of the Uefa Cup.
Australia Bats First in Second Cricket Test Against NZ Australia captain Ricky Ponting won the toss and chose to bat first against New Zealand in the second and final cricket Test at Adelaide.
Real racist chants investigated Uefa is investigating Real Madrid over racist chanting after Tuesday #39;s Champions League clash with Bayer Leverkusen. Video footage from the match, which finished 1-1, appeared to show Real fans making Nazi 
The railroading of Ron Artest I am not about to condone the Indiana Pacer #39;s behavior for charging into the stands and swinging at some Detroit Piston fans. As a professional and public figure, he has a responsibility to take the high road with unruly fans.
Britain condemns upsurge in violence in Sudan #39;s Darfur The British government on Thursday condemned the upsurge of violence in Darfur, and called on rebels and the Sudanese government to stop fighting.
THE TOY SHOP FOR KIDS OF ALL SIZES AN EXCLUSIVE toy shop which was featured in blockbuster films Home Alone II and Big reopened its doors yesterday. The ceremony marked a big turnaround for FAO Schwarz.
Dallas Cowboys Stuff Chicago Bears 21-7 (AP) AP - Drew Henson will have to wait before he's the star of the Dallas Cowboys offense. Right now, the youngster turning heads is rookie running back Julius Jones. Jones burst up the middle for a 33-yard touchdown on Dallas' first drive and was still going strong at the end, scoring again from the 4 midway through the fourth quarter to help the Cowboys beat the Chicago Bears 21-7 Thursday.
Driving hard into the future of TV THERE is never a right time to buy technology. Something cheaper, faster and better specified will be on the market before you have even got your product out of its box.
Jailed Leader to Run for Arafat's Job (AP) AP - Marwan Barghouti, a fiery Palestinian leader serving multiple life terms in an Israeli prison, indicated Thursday that he is running for Yasser Arafat's position as head of the Palestinian Authority, defying the traditional leadership and scrambling the political picture ahead of the Jan. 9 election.
Marseille to hire Troussier Marseille, France (Sports Network) - French power Marseille have reached an  quot;agreement in principal quot; for Philippe Troussier to become its new head coach.
Iraqi Officials to Meet With Rebels to Discuss Political Role The Iraqi foreign minister said today that the interim Iraqi government planned to meet soon in Jordan with leaders of the insurgency to try to persuade them to take part in legitimate politics here.
Peoplesoft deal to trigger industry consolidation PeopleSofts shareholders tendered 60.8 of their shares to Oracle on November20th, which in TBRs (Technology Business Research) opinion makes this acquisition approximately 95 plausible.
Troussier to take over at Marseille FORMER Japan manager Philippe Troussier was in  quot;advanced talks quot; to become Olympique Marseilles new coach last night as the club president became the latest casualty of the clubs poor form.
Suspension-hit Pacers sign two players The Indiana Pacers signed forwards Tremaine Fowlkes and Britton Johnsen to fill gaps left by the suspensions of three players involved in a brawl at Detroit last week.
Milestone for UConn; Millstone for Rutgers In the postgame scrum underneath Rutgers Stadium, Connecticut Coach Randy Edsall paused for a moment and reflected on that day in December 1998 when he began the daunting 
Straw hopeful as he visits Arafat #39;s grave JACK Straw, the Foreign Secretary, visited the grave of the late Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat yesterday at the end of a two-day trip to Israel and the West Bank to help revive the Middle East peace process.
Julius Jones Sparks Cowboys' Victory Drew Henson will have to wait before he's the star of the Dallas Cowboys offense. Right now, the youngster turning heads is rookie running back Julius Jones.
Dollar Struggles, Hits Record Low Vs Euro (Reuters) Reuters - The dollar struggled to keep above a\record low against the euro and its lowest in nearly five years\against the yen on Friday in a holiday-thinned market.
Dollar's Fall Pushes Gold Above \$450 Gold rose above \$450 an ounce for the first time in more than 16 years, driven by investors looking for an alternative to the American currency.
Acceptable price for oil barrel, 50 US dollars. Venezuelan president Hugo Chavez said today in Moscow that 50 US dollars per barrel of oil is an acceptable price adding that OPEC (Oil Petroleum Exporting Countries) must make sure the price does not drop below 30 US dollars.
Lebanon Cleric Doubtful on Iraq Elections (AP) AP - Lebanon's most senior Shiite Muslim cleric is voicing doubts about holding national elections in Iraq, a major departure from his Iraqi colleagues who support the vote.
Souness delighted: Newcastle in fantastic position Newcastle United trounced Sochaux 4-0 to stay on course for the next phase of the UEFA Cup. After weathering an early storm, Newcastle ran riot as Lee Bowyer, Shola Ameobi, Craig Bellamy and Laurent Robert all struck for the Magpies.
Zimbabweans left in the dark By a special correspondent in Harare. These were the words of an advertisement for the series between Zimbabwe and England, placed in the sports pages of Thursday morning #39;s Herald newspaper.
Potential Arafat Successor Gains Approval Amid Talk of a Rival Mahmoud Abbas, the new chairman of the Palestine Liberation Organization, won a vital vote on Thursday evening from the Palestinians #39; dominant political faction approving 
Uranium deal threat as Iran pushes for exemptions IRAN insisted yesterday that it had a right to exempt some equipment from an agreement with the European Union to freeze its uranium enrichment programme - a move diplomats said threatened to scuttle the deal.
UK's undersea 'ticking timebombs' Wrecks and abandoned munitions around the British coast risk exploding unpredictably, an expert says.
Ukraine Court Delays Results in Vote Dispute The unexpected ruling shifted momentum in the capital toward the official loser, Viktor A. Yushchenko, and the thousands of demonstrators in Independence Square.
Flush With Victory, Crusader Against Same-Sex Marriage Thinks Big Phil Burress, a self-described former pornography addict, has become a Paul Revere for the movement against same-sex marriage.
Splish, splash: United Utilities leaves investors tingling all &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Water is good for you, as the Government #39;s medical advisers keep reminding us. What they don #39;t say is that water companies aren #39;t too bad for your financial health, either.
US Dollar Hits Another Low Against Euro A window display in London showing the financial prices, Thursday Nov. 25, 2004. The dollar has dropped to an all time low against the Euro.
Troussier sets to take over Marseille Olympique Marseille expected to reach a deal with former Japan coach Philippe Troussier  quot;within 48 hours quot;, said the French first division club Thursday.
The long journey from  #39;Football Focus #39; to focusing football Brian Barwick is said to relish a challenge. Quite whether he #39;s capable of handling arguably the toughest one in British sports administration remains to be seen, but at least he will take up 
NFL: Indianapolis 41, Detroit 9 Peyton Manning equaled a career high with six touchdown passes Thursday in carrying Indianapolis to a 41-9 blasting of Detroit. It was the fifth straight game in which Manning 
For Knicks, 11 Games Down, 71 to Go and they would surely like to - the Knicks could look over their shoulders at mid-November and feel mildly satisfied. In the two-week span from Nov.
Nepal Sets January Deadline for Rebels to Begin Peace Talks Rebels fighting to replace Nepal #39;s monarchy with a communist republic have until Jan. 13 to begin peace talks, Nepalese Prime Minister Sher Bahadur Deuba said.
Australia raises hackles in Asia over refusal to sign peace pact (AFP) AFP - Prime Minister John Howard said Australia is unlikely to sign a non-aggression pact with its Asian neighbours despite reports its stance is causing friction ahead of his visit next week to Laos for the ASEAN leaders' summit.
Oracle puts up four for target #39;s board Oracle has opened a new front in its 17-month battle to take over rival software company PeopleSoft, announcing a slate of nominees to challenge the existing board of directors at its annual meeting next year.
Venezuelan president says OPEC output OK as is, \$30 US a floor &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Venezuela #39;s president said Thursday he supports keeping OPEC oil production at current levels, contracting comments by his energy minister who said last week that Venezuela would support a production cut.
FAO opens flagship Manhattan store FAO Schwarz, the upmarket toy retailer that has been closed for nearly a year, yesterday opened its redesigned flagship Manhattan store in time for the start of the holiday spending season.
Barclays says on track to meet full-year profit forecasts; shares &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Barclays PLC, Britain #39;s third-biggest bank, said Thursday it is on track to meet analyst expectations of a full-year profit before tax of 4.5 billion pounds (\$8.5 billion US), despite a flat performance from its domestic retail banking 
Climate may have been bison #39;s main killer, not man WORK by a British scientist may show that humans were not responsible for the bison almost becoming extinct in the 19th century, it was disclosed yesterday.
China to launch lunar orbiter by Late 2007 China will launch its lunar orbiter Chang #39;e 1 to explore the moon #39;s environment and study the thickness of its soil by the end of 2007, according to a senior Chinese space expert in India.
Budget ax falls on lunar probe Politics, Texas-style, led to NASA and its shuttle program getting their best treatment in decades from Congressional budget writers.
Villarreal 2-0 Middlesbrough Middlesbrough were denied the point they needed to move into the knockout stage of the Uefa Cup by a classy Villarreal side. A defensive Boro were soon on the back foot and keeper Mark Schwarzer made three fine first-half stops.
Paris 2012 accused over embassies Paris 2012 organisers have been accused of breaking Olympic bid rules by using French embassies to promote the city. Madrid 2012 have made an official protest to the International Olympic Committee #39;s (IOC) ethical commission.
Knicks #39; defense consistently bad The list of  quot;bests, highests and biggests quot; accomplished by Toronto in its 114-91 blowout of the Knicks on Wednesday night at the Air Canada Centre really was quite impressive.
Taj night visits approved LUCKNOW: India #39;s top court has opened the country #39;s most famous monument, the Taj Mahal, to night viewing, allowing visitors to gaze at the dazzling marble monument by moonlight for the first time in two decades.
Jakarta Court Says Cleric Bashir Trial Can Proceed The trial on terrorism charges of Indonesian Muslim cleric Abu Bakar Bashir, accused of leading a regional network linked to al Qaeda, can go ahead, a Jakarta court ruled Thursday.
Nepal Gives Rebels Until January for Peace Talks Nepal will push ahead with planned elections if Maoist rebels do not respond by Jan. 13 to a government offer for peace talks to end a bloody revolt, Prime Minister Sher Bahadur Deuba said on Thursday.
Nissan Motor stops work at four plants Nissan Motor, the Japanese carmaker, has been forced to stop production at three of its four car assembly plants in Japan for five working days after running out 
All-round advance at United Utilities United Utilities, the water and electricity distributor, raised first-half pre-tax profit by 13 per cent to 188m following growth across all its operations.
Cabinet ministers suspended after Congo's parliament alleges corruption (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - KINSHASA, Congo (AP) - President Joseph Kabila suspended six cabinet ministers and 10 directors of state-run companies Thursday after a parliamentary inquiry alleged they had embezzled government funds.
From road rage to fan rage, civility takes a beating When professional athletes start slugging fans, severe penalties pretty much are a no-brainer. So few tears will be shed for the nine basketball players suspended - at the cost of millions in salary -fter 
Ontario reveals plan to broaden child care options for kindergarten kids (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - TORONTO (CP) - The daily dash between kindergarten and day care could one day be a thing of the past for Ontario parents under a provincial plan unveiled Thursday to dramatically increase the number of available day care spaces.
N.Korea, US to Discuss Six-Way Talks in Dec: Nikkei A North Korean official will visit the United States next month for talks with US counterparts on resuming six-party talks aimed at ending North Korea #39;s nuclear program, a Japanese newspaper reported on Friday.
Many See Hope in Parkinson's Drug Pulled From Testing Some Parkinson's patients say drug developer Amgen robbed them of their only hope by ordering all patients off an experimental drug.
The Heart of the Hartz Commission Peter Hartz, as chairman of a commission to overhaul Germany's economy, became synonymous with far-reaching, often unpopular, reforms.
Indonesian Food Giant Undergoes a Transformation as the Political Winds Shift The head of the world's largest instant noodle manufacturer is trying to transform what was one of Asia's most influential overseas Chinese operations.
Rule Change in Oregon May Alter the Landscape Under the measure, property owners who can prove that environmental or zoning rules have hurt their investments can force the government to compensate them.
The perfect shop for children who like to toy with money AMERICAS Thanksgiving Day brought good news for the child who has everything. Almost a year after it went bankrupt and closed down, FAO Schwarz, the worlds most renowned toy shop, yesterday reopened its store on New Yorks Fifth Avenue.
UK growth forecast cut LONDON: A leading business group cut its 2005 forecast for British economic growth yesterday, blaming a combination of high oil and commodity prices, slowing global growth and domestic interest rate rises.
Remortgages surge as new home loans begin to weaken By Malcolm Moore, Economics Correspondent (Filed: 26/11/2004). Increasing numbers of homeowners are renegotiating their mortgages to take advantage of the slowing property market, the British Bankers Association said yesterday.
War codebreaker cracks an enigma of love A CODED message from the 18th century that has baffled generations of cryptologists may be nothing more than a loving dedication to a mourned wife or lover, according to a leading codebreaker.
DoCoMo closes in on UK i-mode deal NTT DoCoMo, Japan #39;s largest mobile phone company, will announce an agreement next week for UK operator MMO2 to offer its i-mode services in the UK next year, according to people close to the deal.
What really drove buffalo from the plains?  quot;The country was one black robe, quot; said early explorers on the North American continent as they surveyed the herds of buffalo.
Beijing city slammed over Microsoft deal The Beijing municipal government has come under fire for damaging China #39;s nascent software industry by giving United States software giant Microsoft the lion #39;s share of a large software purchase order.
Barwick handed post as FA chief executive Brian Barwick last night accepted the chief executive #39;s position at the Football Association following a final round of interviews earlier in the day.
UConn edges Rutgers, works way toward bowl Dan Orlovsky threw three touchdowns and Connecticut virtually assured itself of a bowl bid in its first season as a football member of the Big East Conference with a wild 41-35 victory over Rutgers on Thursday.
UN blames rebels in Darfur The rebel Sudan Liberation Army was solely responsible for restarting the fighting in north Darfur, the chief UN envoy for Sudan, Jan Pronk, said yesterday.
CBI trims growth forecast and calls Brown optimistic The CBI accused Gordon Brown of being  quot;too optimistic quot; over the health of the economy yesterday, as the employer #39;s organisation downgraded its own forecast for GDP growth next year.
Has the mystery of the Holy Grail been solved? For centuries the whereabouts of the Holy Grail, supposing it exists at all, has exercised the minds of scholars and tested the endurance of treasure hunters.
Nissan to Halt Auto Output at 3 Plants in Japan for 5 Days The Nissan Motor Company said Thursday that a shortage of steel would force it to temporarily halt production at three of four of its auto factories in Japan, an unusual step 
Contract Stirs New Talk on Disney Job By Reuters. Peter Chernin, president of the News Corporation, has signed a new contract that makes it easier for him to take the top job at another publicly traded company.
Olowokandi jailed for nightclub incident Indianapolis, IN (Sports Network) - Minnesota Timberwolves center Michael Olowokandi spent Wednesday night in jail after police needed a stun gun to compel him to leave a nightclub.
Arizona challenges No. 1 Wake Forest Wake Forest will put the No. 1 men #39;s basketball ranking on the line against an Arizona team anxious to atone for an early misstep when they meet Friday night in the Preseason National 
9 Found in Apparent Cancun Drug Killings (AP) AP - Police discovered the bodies of nine people, including three federal agents, at two sites outside this resort city. Authorities said the killing were probably linked to a drug turf war.
India pitches Kashmir autonomy for Pakistan peace (Reuters) Reuters - India said on Thursday it could consider giving a large amount of autonomy to the disputed region of Kashmir to help make peace with Pakistan, but said it was not willing to redraw its borders to settle half a century of enmity.
Yudhoyono visits strife-torn Aceh Indonesia's new president visits Aceh province,  where the army is involved in a major offensive against rebels.
India Suggests Greater Autonomy for Kashmir  NEW DELHI, Nov. 25 -- India said on Thursday that it could consider giving a large amount of autonomy to the disputed region of Kashmir to help make peace with Pakistan but was not willing to redraw its borders to settle a half-century of enmity.
Burma Says It Will Free Over 5,000 More Prisoners  RANGOON, Burma, Nov. 25 -- Burma announced Thursday that it would release more than 5,000 prisoners, and a senior official said a top dissident who was democracy leader Aung San Suu Kyi's closest aide would also be freed before long.
Brazilian Landless Protests Hit Capital &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; By Andrew Hay&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; BRASILIA, Brazil (Reuters) - More than 8,000 Brazilianlandless activists surrounded the central bank on Thursday andthreatened a big fight over land next year unless they get morepublic money to speed up land reform.&lt;/p&gt;
Cocaine-Laden Plane Seized in Paraguay Paraguayan police captured a leading Brazilian drug trafficking suspect after a gunbattle with the occupants of a cocaine-laden plane near the border with Brazil, authorities said.
Thousands Stage Protest at Brazil's Central Bank &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; By Andrew Hay&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; BRASILIA, Brazil (Reuters) - More than 8,000 Brazilianlandless activists surrounded the central bank on Thursday andthreatened a big fight over land next year unless they get morepublic money to speed up land reform.&lt;/p&gt;
Aid Flight Delayed After Plane Hits Cow (AP) AP - A Boeing 737 carrying aid for Tsunami victims hit a herd of cows as it landed early Tuesday in Indonesia's devastated Aceh province, forcing the airport to close and delaying relief flights, officials said.
Hanjin Denies FT Report on Carlyle #39;s Takeover Bid Hanjin Group on Thursday denied a report on the progress of its talks with the US private equity fund Carlyle Group over the sale of its shipping and logistics operations.
Microsoft #39;s procurement deals arouse concern While the US software giant Microsoft has achieved almost sweeping victories in government procurement projects in several Chinese provinces and municipalities, the process 
Henson Does Not Finish His First Cowboys Start Drew Henson can claim three accomplishments that would seem to be the stuff of fantasies: He has played third base at Yankee Stadium, started at quarterback in front 
Carlyle Group Shows Interest in Hanjin Hanjin Shipping Co. has been approached by US private equity fund Carlyle Group LP to acquire some of the South Korean company #39;s transport and logistics assets, Hanjin officials said.
Thousands line streets for Thanksgiving parades, Midwest travelers &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Despite 30-degree temperatures and biting wind, Carl Williams was up at sunrise Thursday to prepare turkey legs, bratwurst, hamburgers and hot dogs on an outdoor grill in Detroit before the city #39;s annual Thanksgiving Day parade.
Hardie talks recommence as compensation fund prepares to file for &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; ELEANOR HALL: Talks aimed at finding a long term solution for James Hardie #39;s asbestos victims are set to restart today. But there seems to be little hope that the sides will find agreement soon on meeting 
NASA's Rovers Still Exploring Mars (AP) AP - A year after the first of NASA's twin rovers landed on Mars, scientists on Monday celebrated the robotic explorers that were supposed to last only about three months but are still roaming a planet with a reputation for swallowing spacecraft.
The Fight: NBA, fans, morals Indiana Pacers player Ron Artest #39;s charging into the stands after a fan who allegedly threw a beer at him Friday, as a fight between members of the 
Win Gives Connecticut Good Shot At a Bowl Connecticut 41, Rutgers &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Dan Orlovsky threw three touchdown passes and the Huskies virtually assured themselves of a bowl bid in their first season as a football member of the Big East with a wild 41-35 victory over Rutgers on Thursday.
Thatcher trial wait MARK Thatcher will have to wait until at least next April to face trial on allegations he helped bankroll a coup attempt in oil-rich Equatorial Guinea.
Art of Giving Gets Wins Coach Eddie Jordan's version of the Princeton offense has given the Wizards an appreciation for moving without the ball and unselfish play.
Terps Get First Test The No. 22 Maryland women's basketball team faces its first big test of the season Friday when the Terrapins play No. 2 Louisiana State at 7 p.m. in the Coors Classic.
Olowakandi Arrested Timberwolves center Michael Olowokandi is arrested early Thursday after police use a stun gun to subdue him when he refuses to leave a club.
Hokies Ensure Stability Virginia Tech keeps its coaching staff intact by signing its assistants to the longest guaranteed contracts in major college football.
Cope Still Has Spark Steelers broadcaster and Terrible Towel creator Myron Cope may be 75 years old, but he's still quick of wit and has the gumption to go toe-to-toe with Daniel Snyder.
Back Spasms Hit Palmer Bengals quarterback Carson Palmer is expected to start Sunday against the Browns despite leaving practice on Thursday with back spasms.
Cowboys Outlast Bears In a game of powerless offenses, Julius Jones supplies 150 yards and two touchdowns to elevate the Cowboys over the Bears, 21-7.
Huskies Down Knights Dan Orlovsky throws three touchdown passes and the Huskies put themselves in position for a bowl bid with a wild 41-35 victory over Rutgers on Thursday.
Microsoft puts familiar face on cell phones With all the grumbling over Windows and its many shortcomings, why would anyone want Microsoft #39;s computer operating system to run their cell phone?
Google muscles in on Microsoft turf Not too long ago, Google Inc seemed little more than a nuisance to Microsoft Corp #39;s software domination. No more. As Google rapidly rolls out new products, the company best known for its wildly popular search 
Microsoft: that isnt one flaw  its two separate flaws commentary Microsoft was a little unhappy with an article I wrote this week because it contained a slight factual error. The error arose from two separate companies finding an almost identical security hole 
Hollins will take over as interim coach Memphis Grizzlies coach Hubie Brown has retired and assistant Lionel Hollins has been named interim coach, ESPN.com has learned. Brown, who became the sixth head coach in franchise history on Nov. 12, 2002 
Let youth team go SPORT Minister Roger Boynes is insisting that if the impasse between the West Indies Players Association and the West Indies Cricket Board is not resolved, he had no problems with the youth 
Games over, now let #39;s play The Zimbabwe government lifted the ban on visiting journalists even though it was revealed that those journos were denied accreditaion because of insufficient information provided!
Iran Seeks Limited Nuclear Program The director of the International Atomic Energy Agency was unable to confirm that Iran had completely suspended its nuclear programs yesterday, as it had committed to doing, because the Islamic 
Aziz briefs NSC on India visit : Islamabad, Nov 25 : Pakistan Prime Minister Shaukat Aziz today briefed the National Security Council (NSC) headed by President Pervez Musharraf on his just-concluded India visit and said he had stressed that lasting peace was possible only with a solution 
Claims Over Tasers' Safety Are Challenged Taser International says that a study endorses the safety of its electrical guns, but the laboratory that conducted the research disagrees.
Hi, I'm Your Car. Don't Let Me Distract You. Automakers are pitching hands-free technology as a safe way to rein in the expanding clutter of gadgetry, but these devices are probably not as safe as you think.
3-D Maps From Commercial Satellites Guide G.I.'s in Iraq's Deadliest Urban Mazes The Army has been using a new weapon that combines software with imagery beamed from satellites to make missions somewhat less unpredictable.
New High-Tech Passports Raise Snooping Concerns Privacy advocates say that new passports that carry information about the traveler in a computer chip will be vulnerable to electronic snooping.
Online Auction to Offer a Bit of Chicago to Bidders Chicago-related items and experiences will be up for sale Dec. 2 to Dec. 16 on eBay as part of an effort to raise money for arts and cultural programs in the city.
Microsoft, EU see pre-Christmas antitrust ruling LUXEMBOURG -- Microsoft Corp., which was ruled an illegal monopolist by the European Union in March, will learn next month whether it can wait years before complying with an EU order to sell a stripped-down version of Windows and disclose information on 
Grizzlies Coach Retires for Health Reasons (AP) AP - Hubie Brown retired as coach of the Memphis Grizzlies on Thursday due to health reasons.
Depleted Pacers Tip Timberwolves 106-102 (AP) AP - Jamaal Tinsley is making the Indiana Pacers his team. Tinsley had 20 points, 14 assists and seven rebounds to lead the suspension- and injury-depleted Pacers to a 106-102 win over the Minnesota Timberwolves on Thursday night.
NBA: Tinsley Drives Indiana to Beat Minnesota (Reuters) Reuters - Jamaal Tinsley had a\tremendous all-around game with 20 points, 14 assists, seven\rebounds and five steals to lead the undermanned Indiana Pacers\over the Minnesota Timberwolves, 106-102, at Conseco\Fieldhouse.
Pampling takes over lead in Australian Open Rod Pampling took advantage of perfect morning conditions to snatch a four-stroke lead midway through the second round of the centenary Australian Open on Friday.
UEFA follow FIFA and place Bernabeu under racism investigation NYON, Nov 25 (SW) - European Football governing body UEFA have officially announced they had launched an investigation over the racist chanting heard at Real Madrids Santiago Bernabeu on Tuesday night.
No. 4 Texas Upends No. 1 Tennessee 74-59 (AP) AP - Tiffany Jackson scored nine of her 19 points early in the second half as No. 4 Texas broke open a close game and went on to a 74-59 win over No. 1 Tennessee on Thursday night.
EU, Iran clash over terms of nuclear freeze just 3 days after it came into force, the head of the UN atomic watchdog says. Iranian denials has long accused Tehran of trying to build an atomic bomb.
News in brief Sir Mark Thatcher appeared before a magistrate in Wynberg, near Cape Town, yesterday where his trial on charges of violating South Africa #39;s anti-mercenary laws was postponed until April 8. His passport remains confiscated and he must continue to report to 
Torvalds, Open-Source Pioneers Take On EU Patent Issue A group of open-source software pioneers, led by Linux developer Linus Torvalds, has issued an appeal to the EU Council to block the legalization of software patents.
UN Envoys Urge Restraint by Rwanda DAKAR, Senegal, Nov. 25 -- UN Security Council diplomats appealed to Rwanda for restraint Thursday after Rwandan President Paul Kagame threatened to renew Central Africa #39;s deadliest conflict, claiming his 
Crude Oil May Fall as US Inventories Gain, Survey Shows Crude oil futures may decline next week on speculation the US is importing enough to boost inventories, easing concern about a shortage of winter fuel, according to a Bloomberg survey.
Brown retires due to health reasons MEMPHIS Memphis Grizzlies head coach Hubie Brown has announced his retirement tonight, saying his decision is due to unexpected health-related issues.
Newcastle, Schalke 04 and Dnipro qualify for last 32 Last season #39;s UEFA Cup semi-finalists Newcastle United posted their third consecutive Group D win by thrashing French side Sochaux 4-0 to march into the last 32on Thursday.
Saga of Britain's official cats revealed under new Freedom of Information Act (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - LONDON (AP) - Now it can be told: Britain's Home Office had not one official cat, but a whole dynasty of mouse catchers, one of which nearly insulted the Queen.
Henry Doubt for Anfield Clash Arsenal striker Thierry Henry is rated as having a 50-50 chance of being fit for Sundays game at Liverpool. The 27-year-old has been troubled with an Achilles 
Garnett, Timberwolves visit Pacers Indianapolis, IN (Sports Network) - The Indiana Pacers try to win their second straight game tonight, as they host Kevin Garnett and the Minnesota Timberwolves in the third of a four-game homestand at Conseco Fieldhouse.
Yasser Arafats life-work must be continued Britain #39;s Foreign Secretary Jack Straw pledged full support for the Palestinian election to find a successor to Yasser Arafat after paying homage to the veteran leader at his graveside.
PM, Downer downplay pact row THE Federal Government today played down its reluctance to join a non-aggression pact with Asian neighbours while Prime Minister John Howard prepared for a historic visit with ASEAN leaders.
Brazilians Protest Economic Policies (AP) AP - Nearly 9,000 rural farmworkers and landless peasants marched in the nation's capital Thursday, seeking major land reform legislation, the official Agencia Brasil news agency said.
SKorean auto plants shut in strike by tens of thousands (AFP) AFP - Hyundai and Kia automotive plants shut down as their workers joined tens of thousands of other labourers in a strike against proposed new labor legislation, company officials said.
Brazilians Protest Economic Policies Nearly 9,000 rural farmworkers and landless peasants marched in the nation's capital Thursday, seeking major land reform legislation, the official Agencia Brasil news agency said.
BT broadband mastermind joins French IT firm TELECOMS giant BT yesterday said it was parting company with one of the architects of its transformation from a fixed-line operator.
Closest view yet of Titan, Saturn #39;s moon Cassini spacecraft also &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Scientists controlling the cameras aboard the Cassini spacecraft in orbit around Saturn have just recovered two extraordinary, contrasting images of the planet #39;s most intriguing moons.
Pittsburgh Upsets No. 21 W. Virginia 21-13 (AP) AP - Tyler Palko, frustrated nearly all night by West Virginia's defense, completed four third-down passes on Pittsburgh's only sustained drive before scoring from the 2 late in the game to lead a 16-13 upset Thursday of the No. 21 Mountaineers.
Strong euro hurting German morale FRANKFURT - Surging oil prices and the strength of the euro, currently at an all-time high around 1.32 dollars, are currently weighing on business morale in Germany, the eurozone #39;s biggest economy, a new poll showed.
Letters remain the holy grail to code-breakers For 250 years it defied all code-breakers. Darwin had a go; Dickens, and Wedgwood too. But the 10-letter inscription - DOUOSVAVVM - carved into a monument on the Shugborough Estate in Staffordshire thumbed its nose at the curious.
With Artest, A Human Quality Let #39;s imagine that Ron Artest is a knowable person, instead of an animated cartoon of NBA excess that we can conveniently vent on and villainize.
Manning throws for 6 TDs in Colts #39; romp Peyton Manning threw for six touchdowns in less than three quarters and raised his season total to 41 scoring passes, leading the Indianapolis Colts past the Detroit Lions 41-9 Thursday.
Oil Edges Higher, Watches Weather  SINGAPORE (Reuters) - Oil prices ticked higher on Tuesday,  holding above \$42 a barrel as dealers awaited signs of any  renewed cold snap that would revive demand for winter heating  fuels in the United States.
Palestinian minister to visit jailed Fatah leader mooting &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; RAMALLAH, West Bank - Palestinian minister without portfolio Kadura Fares said he will visit Marwan Barghuti on Friday to discuss the imprisoned Fatah leaders plan to run for the presidency in January.
A Proud Father One of the most dynamic players on the Cavaliers team, Darryl Blackstock, makes sure that he takes care of his 15-month-old son.
Trying to Beat Boutiques and Big-Box Chains Eight-year-old Angie Rojas pressed her face against a showcase in the Rockville Toys R Us and cupped her hands for a closer look.  quot;Wow, quot; she said, endorsing the toy set up inside, a \$60 
Pike strike puts managers in booths At 12:01 am yesterday, he joined hundreds of turnpike managers and others in manning collection booths along the 531-mile toll road.
Eight killed in Chinese high school knife attack A man has stabbed eight teenagers to death and injured four others after breaking into a school in central China, teachers and local authorities say.
Middle East ; Straw upbeat on renewed Mideast peace efforts  quot;I #39;ll be leaving Israel and the occupied territories more optimistic than when I came, quot; Straw said. Much of Straw #39;s agenda focused on upcoming Palestinian elections to choose a successor to Arafat.
Autonomy could be a solution to Kashmir issue: Natwar NEW DELHI: Indian Foreign Minister Natwar Singh indicated on Thursday that regional autonomy could be a solution to the Kashmir issue.
Fannie Mae Supports New Regulatory Bill The company, which has long fought legislative efforts to limit its powers, is hoping the strategy will put them in a stronger position to bargain over crucial details with the  government.
Toys R Us Fights to Stay Afloat in Toy Business Despite fierce competition from dominant of discount chains like Wal-Mart and Target, Toys R Us Inc. is betting its survival on low prices, strong inventory and good customer service.
Skin Trade Threatens World's Few Surviving Tigers (Reuters) Reuters - The world's tiger population has\plummeted by 95 percent from the start of the 20th century to\as few as 5,000 now and is further threatened by the lucrative\trade in their skins, officials told a forum Friday.
Benefits computer failure chaos A huge systems crash causes delays in processing some claims at the work and pensions department.
Hackers Taking Aim at Mobile Phones Cell phones are becoming frequent targets for viruses, spam and other malicious attacks because most are not programmed with protective software.&lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;- The Washington Post&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;
I was kept in the dark: Anil Anil Ambani has written to his brother Mukesh, saying his powers as vice-chairman and managing director of Reliance Industries have been diluted by  quot;keeping him completely in the dark quot;.
Harmony May Have to Raise Bid for Gold Fields, Trading Shows Harmony Gold Mining Co., the biggest miner of South African gold, may have to raise its hostile 39.3 billion rand (\$6.7 billion) offer for Gold Fields Ltd.
Perfect start for France in Federation Cup Moscow, Nov 26 - Nathalie Dechy picked up where Tatiana Golovin left off on Wednesday, defeating Maria Sanchez Lorenzo 6-2, 6-4 to give France a confidence-boosting 2-0 lead in their Fed Cup semi-final against Spain.
Newcomers receive quick indoctrination Poster boys for jet lag, the newest Indiana Pacers quickly made themselves at home Thursday. Britton Johnsen and Tremaine Fowlkes were still a little woozy when they made their debuts against 
Oracle To Make PeopleSoft Nominations  quot;We believe that Oracle has nominated this slate to allow Oracle to purchase PeopleSoft for an inadequate price that does not reflect the Company #39;s real value, quot; PeopleSoft said in a statement.
Nintendo Expects Five Million DS Systems. November 25, 2004 - Nintendo has raised its sales targets for the new Nintendo DS system, which has already launched in America and is scheduled to launch in Japan late next week.
Backyard Fall: Pitt Bests WVU, 16-13 Pittsburgh quarterback Tyler Palko struggled all night through the air, but fortunately for the Panthers, he came through on the ground.
Rebels blow up oil pipeline in Assam (Reuters) Reuters - Separatist guerrillas blew up an oil pipeline in the northeastern Indian state of Assam, but there was no disruption to supplies, oil officials said on Friday.
Eight children stabbed to death in China school A man armed with a knife has gone on the rampage and killed eight teenagers at a school in central China, teachers and local authorities said.
Envoys bid to end Ukraine crisis The EU's Javier Solana and other envoys go to Ukraine to try to mediate in the crisis over the disputed election.
Anil will speak when necessary Reliance Industries vice-chairman Anil Ambani broke his silence on Thursday. But not to comment on the  quot;ownership issue quot; raised by elder brother and chairman Mukesh Ambani.
Olowokandi misses game after being arrested at bar The Minnesota Timberwolves held out center Michael Olowokandi from Thursday night #39;s game against the Indiana Pacers, hours after he was released from jail following his early-morning arrest at a Downtown club.
Nine bodies found in Cancun Nine people, including three federal agents, were found dead at two locations near Mexico #39;s resort town of Cancun, all believed slain by drug traffickers.
Retailers Usher in the Holiday Season (AP) AP - In a bid to get consumers shopping early, the nation's retailers are serving up even more early bird specials on such items as TVs and toys, expanding their shopping hours and offering other enticements as they usher the official start of the holiday season on Friday.
Oracle to nominate four PeopleSoft directors Software company Oracle (ORCL) said Wednesday it plans to nominate four candidates for election in 2005 to the board of its rival and takeover target PeopleSoft (PSFT).
Baltimore to quit stock market Baltimore Technologies, once a darling of the dotcom boom, is to quit the London stock market, putting an end to its chequered history as a listed company.
Clippers Beat Nets 101-88 (AP) AP - Marko Jaric scored 23 points to lead Los Angeles' balanced scoring and the Clippers beat New Jersey 101-88 Thursday night to run the Nets' losing streak to seven games.
Codebreaker scores success in search for the Holy Grail For 250 years, the cryptic inscription has exercised the minds of Britain #39;s finest theologians, historians and scientists, including Charles Darwin, Josiah Wedgwood 
Space station future adrift NASA and the nations involved in the International Space Station project will run out of emergency rescue craft within 18 months and have not decided what to do after April 2006, when the final 
Self Inflicted Wounds The West Virginia Mountaineers blew another chance at a decent win on national television, and left to the wel- earned chants of Overrated, as penalties, special teams and questionable decision making by the coaching staff once again doomed the 
Wolves center arrested in Indy INDIANAPOLIS Add center Michael Olowokandi to the list of Timberwolves with off-the-court problems. Olowokandi was suspended indefinitely from the team after he was arrested for refusing to leave Indianapolis nightclub Tiki Bob #39;s early Thursday morning.
Oldest coach of NBA Hubie Brown Retires Hubie Brown, the oldest coach in the NBA at the age of 71, retired as coach of the Memphis Grizzlies Thursday because of health reasons, according to TNT Thursday night as a Breaking News.
Longhorns top No. 1 team for first time since  #39;87 As she stood before the national TV cameras after an All-America type game, Texas sophomore center Tiffany Jackson calmly talked about the inspiration that comes from facing tradition-rich Tennessee.
Apex court permits night viewing of Taj Mahal: India News: New Delhi, Nov 25 : The Supreme Court Thursday permitted the Uttar Pradesh government to allow visitors to view the Taj Mahal on five moonlit nights a month.
No military solution to Ivorian crisis: Annan OUAGADOUGOU (AFP) - UN Secretary General Kofi Annan has warned there was  quot;no military solution quot; to the crisis in troubled Ivory Coast and urged President Laurent Gbagbo to abide by internationally agreed peace accords.
WHO: Flu Pandemic Inevitable, Plans Needed Urgently (Reuters) Reuters - Every country in the world must come up\with a plan urgently to deal with an inevitable influenza\pandemic likely to be triggered by the bird flu virus that hit\Asia this year, a top global health expert said on Friday.
Yukos executives leave Russia The company #39;s chief financial officer said he won #39;t return until he learns whether the government is planning charges against him.
US Treasuries Drop After Newspaper Says China Cut Holdings US 10-year Treasury notes had their biggest drop in a week in London, heading for a fifth week of declines, after a newspaper reported that China, the second- largest overseas holder of the securities, reduced its holdings.
All they ask for Christmas is to keep their two front teeth Just in time for holiday giving, parents are being warned that the popular yo yo water ball that kids bounce and twirl like a lasso is responsible for 400 child injuries nationwide since October, including five in Arizona.
UPDATE:Philippines Budget Data Boost Fiscal Reform Hopes MANILA (Dow Jones)--Improved revenue collection and tighter controls on government spending kept the Philippines #39; budget deficit well below the administration #39;s ceiling in the 10 months to October, spurring confidence in the market about the government #39;s 
Shopping season starts Red tags marked  quot;75 OFF quot; have an effect on shoppers the way toys and games have on children: They serve as magnets, especially at the traditional start of the holiday shopping season this Thanksgiving weekend.
WTO to impose USD150m fine on US The World Trade Organisation (WTO) is expected to approve USD150m in trade sanctions against the US by the EU, Japan, Canada and four other countries in response to a US anti-dumping law that was declared illegal in 2003.
Gold Fields loses fourth Harmony case THE defence of Gold Fields against a hostile \$8.1 billion (4.3 billion) bid from Harmony Gold Mining, its smaller South African rival, was dealt a further blow last night when a US court threw out its legal challenge to the takeover.
Stand-in collectors work turnpike toll booths Engineers, auditors and secretaries staffed toll booths on the Pennsylvania Turnpike yesterday, as 1,800 other employees spent a frigid Thanksgiving on picket lines.
Miller puts UAW label in beer ad Miller Brewing Co. is telling United Auto Workers members to think union when they have a beer. The UAW endorses the pitch for the union-made beer.
Oil Edges Higher, Watches Weather (Reuters) Reuters - Oil prices ticked higher on Tuesday,\holding above  #36;42 a barrel as dealers awaited signs of any\renewed cold snap that would revive demand for winter heating\fuels in the United States.
Cracking start to quest, but no sign of Holy Grail TWO veteran code-breakers from Yorkshire have received a worldwide response to their request for solutions to an enigmatic message on a monument in Staffordshire reputed to say where the Holy Grail is hidden.
Hold the phone: Hackers starting to infect our cells Several Web sites this month began offering software promising ring tones and screen savers for certain cellphones. But those who downloaded the software found that it turned 
China eyes foreign software curbs China appears poised to issue rules about the extent to which government departments must favour local software, raising concerns that some overseas vendors could be cut out of the large state procurement market.
Researchers tackle  #39;Holy Grail #39; code Experts say a centuries-old code carved at a British manor house, according to popular legend the key to finding the Holy Grail, is thought to be a cryptic message from an 18th century Christian sect.
Cell Phones Increasingly Attractive To Hackers Early this month, several Web sites began offering software promising ringtones and screensavers for certain cell phones. But those who downloaded the software found that it turned every icon 
Fast forward: DVDs push video players out of the picture It changed the lifestyles of a generation but after a lingering death, the last rites have been sounded for the revolutionary VHS home video format.
AMD to migrate all CPU production to 90nm SOI process in 2005 Advanced Micro Devices (AMD) is expected to migrate all of its CPU production to 90nm silicon-on-insulator (SOI) processes in early 2005, according to sources at Taiwan motherboard makers, citing AMDs latest roadmap.
Nintendo Drafts Namco For Mario Baseball November 26, 2004 - Nintendo #39;s pairing with Namco is starting to bear some ripe fruit, with Donkey Konga about to see its third entry and Star Fox Armada taking shape into an impressive 2005 title.
Intel Takes Aim at Microsoft with Linux Push Intel, the worlds largest semiconductor and Microprocessor Company, is officially helping China and other Asian countries adopt Linux over Microsofts popular Windows platform.
Our Opinion: Fortuitous flood Floodgates on Glen Canyon Dam were opened for 90 hours this week, sending 67 billion gallons of water - and 880,000 tons of sediment - into the canyon.
Latest News Red Bull show Wirdheim the door Former Jaguar test and reserve driver Bjrn Wirdheim #39;s Formula One hopes were dealt a blow after Red Bull told him that he will not be working with them next year.
Welshman Dodd midway leader in China Britain #39;s Stephen Dodd coped admirably with icy winds and rain to produce a two-under-par 70 and take a three-stroke lead at the midway point of the China Open on Friday.
 #39;I am the aggressor #39; - Justin Langer Justin Langer batted and battled through scorching heat to register his 20th century and seal his side #39;s strong position. He spoke to the media after play and was quizzed about the heat, cramps and Matthew 
Manning #39;s six TDs extend record pace COLTS 41, LIONS 9: The Colts quarterback throws four touchdowns in the first half to blow out the slumping Lions. By wire services.
Talking turkey: Bears #39; loss really offensive IRVING, Texas -- The Bears broke out throwback uniforms from their 1946 championship season for a national-television audience, but their offense remained stuck in the present.
Inmate Barghouthi eyes Palestinian presidency The West Bank Fatah leader, Marwan Barghouthi, is reported to have decided to run for the Palestinian presidency from his prison cell in Israel.
Art can improve Indo-Pak ties: Pak PM Islamabad: Observing that art could play a role in promoting peace and harmony across the border, Pakistan Prime Minister Shaukat Aziz has said it was due to this reason that he and Indian leaders had introduced  quot;music diplomacy quot; during his recent visit 
Quake kills 11 in Indonesia AT least 11 people were killed and 65 injured when a strong earthquake shook Indonesia #39;s Papua province today, collapsing buildings and starting fires, officials said.
SuperSonics Snap Heat's 14-Game Win Streak (AP) AP - For the first time in nearly a month, the Miami Heat failed to win. Ray Allen scored 35 points, Rashard Lewis added 17 points and 13 rebounds and the Seattle SuperSonics snapped the Heat's franchise-record 14-game winning streak Monday night with a 98-96 victory.
Thatcher #39;s Coup Plot Questioning Postponed until February A Cape Town magistrate today postponed a court appearance by Sir Mark Thatcher to give his lawyers time to try to appeal a high court judgment requiring him to answer questions from Equatorial Guinea about an alleged failed coup attempt.
Dollar Hits New Low; Gold Heads for \$455 The dollar hit record lows against the euro Friday and a 4-1/2-year trough versus the yen following a report China had cut its holdings of dollar assets, lifting gold to a 16-year high and undermining Tokyo stocks.
Loyal treatment Kyle Boller knew as soon as Baltimore traded two picks to the Patriots on draft day in 2003 that they wanted him to be The Man.  quot;Nothing is given to you, quot; he said, but it was clear that the Ravens, who'd been through eight quarterbacks in seven years, weren't bringing Boller in as a seasonal temp.
Little Boise St. is thinking big Once again, they are knocking on the door, nattily attired, a smile on their face, eager to join the party.
Best seats in the house aren't for everyone In the aftermath of the fiasco that was the Pacers-Pistons game last Friday night, you would think that pro sports leagues would be looking to move fans farther away from the action.
But seriously, folks As people will remind you, it's the season to give -- and so we're in a giving mood for Week 12. Four choices, four favorites selected, four different scenarios.
NFL games on TV WASHINGTON (3-7) vs. PITTSBURGH (9-1) When, where: Sunday, 1 p.m., at Pittsburgh. TV: Ch. 25. Last meeting: Steelers won, 24-3, in 2000. Comments: The Redskins offense is dreadful -- with or without Mark Brunell at quarterback. Patrick Ramsey started his first game of the season in a 28-6 loss at Philadelphia last Sunday. Ramsey got little help from star running ...
Brown calls it a career Hubie Brown retired as coach of the Memphis Grizzlies yesterday due to health reasons.  quot;Unexpected health-related issues will not allow me to continue coaching the Memphis Grizzlies, quot; the 71-year-old Brown said in a statement from Memphis.  quot;This situation was unforeseen and absolutely nonexistent at the beginning of the season. quot;
Key games on TV TEXAS A amp;M (7-3) vs. TEXAS (9-1) When, where: Today, 3:30 p.m., at Austin, Texas. TV: Chs. 5, 6, and 9. AP rankings: Texas is No. 6, Texas A amp;M No. 22. Last season: Texas won, 46-15. Comments: For the 10th time in the history of the Lone Star Shootout, both teams enter the game ranked in the Top 25. The Longhorns ...
Pittsburgh climbs over Mountaineers Dan Orlovsky threw three touchdowns and Connecticut strengthened its postseason bowl credentials with a wild 41-35 victory over Rutgers yesterday.
Jackson, Texas stop top-ranked Tennessee Tiffany Jackson scored 9 of her 19 points early in the second half as No. 4 Texas broke open a close game and went on to a 74-59 win over No. 1 Tennessee last night in Austin, Texas.
Cowboys back in saddle Bill Parcells wants to develop Drew Henson into an NFL quarterback and he wants to win games. If he has to pick one, he'll take winning every time.
They're at head of their class The game will be meaningful on so many levels. When Boston College hosts Syracuse tomorrow at Alumni Stadium, the Eagles will not only be playing for their first Big East title in their last game as a conference member, they will also be looking to send off their 14 departing seniors in grand style by clinching a Bowl Championship Series ...
McLaughlin has Woburn fired up Going out on a high note is just what Woburn running back Mike McLaughlin wanted to do.
Cuqua drives Rebels Walpole ended its regular season with a 35-12 victory over Weymouth yesterday, but for the 10-1 Rebels, it was just the first stage.
Somber setting for Needham's victory over Wellesley Senior Chris Sheehan ran for three touchdowns and a career-high 114 yards as Needham scored 13 straight points to take a 28-21 victory against Wellesley in the state's oldest Thanksgiving Day rivalry.
Bulldog victory closes Manning Bowl The final Manning Bowl bragging rights belong to Lynn English. The Bulldogs closed out the career of the deteriorating 66-year-old Lynn landmark, which is slated to be torn down this winter and replaced by a state-of-the-art facility, by rolling over archrival Lynn Classical, 28-8, yesterday before more than 3,500 fans. For the first time in 28 years, English ...
Blue Hills manages to slip past Southeastern While a flock of seagulls flew gracefully above, the Southeastern and Blue Hills players slid all over the field yesterday. Warrior Matt Standbury was able to slip in on a 2-point conversion to preserve the Warriors' undefeated regular-season record with an 8-6 win in nonleague action.
Key hit sparks Mansfield win Defensive players dream of making game-breaking hits like the one Mansfield cornerback Brett McDermott delivered yesterday.
Bang-up job from Cohasset The Cohasset football team had three goals yesterday: Defeat rival Hull, complete its first undefeated regular season since 1957, and come away from the game injury-free for Tuesday's playoff game. The Skippers accomplished the first two goals, defeating Hull, 20-6, but came away with significant injuries to linemen.
Falmouth shows zero tolerance An 86-yard touchdown run from Steve Clark in the first quarter provided Falmouth all the scoring it needed as the Clippers defeated Barnstable, 7-0, yesterday for their eighth shutout of the season.
Allukian covers for Latin In the 118th year of the oldest continuous Thanksgiving Day rivalry in the country, Boston Latin trounced Boston English, 44-0, yesterday at Harvard Stadium.
Westwood moves on behind Guerrero After dodging serious trouble earlier this season -- in the form of a loss to league-leading Medfield -- the Westwood Wolverines were thinking of three simple words yesterday: Rock Me Amadeus.
Pritchard sends Newton North to postseason Khalel Pritchard threw three touchdown passes yesterday, giving him 20 on the season, to lead Newton North to a 41-13 win over Brookline and a surprising playoff berth.
D-S has hand in TVL At least no one can accuse Medfield of backing down. Trailing, 35-28, with less than two minutes to play yesterday on Tri-Valley League rival Dover-Sherborn's home turf, the Warriors pulled within 1 on tailback Brian Lee's third touchdown of the day, a 5-yard pass from Kevin Lynch.
Wilmington keeps its unbeaten record intact Tewksbury Redmen fans were seeing red yesterday after watching their team get clawed by the ferocious Wilmington Wildcats, 19-8.
Playoffs Bourne's payout With his team in a three-way battle atop the South Coast Conference, Bourne coach Barry Wood was well aware that not only would his team have to beat Wareham on the road yesterday, but that Dighton-Rehoboth would also have to win at home against Seekonk for his Canalmen to earn a spot in the Division 2A playoffs.
Ground game carries Plymouth North Recent history was repeated in yesterday's cross-town matchup between the Plymouth North Blue Eagles and the Plymouth South Panthers at Mario J. Romano Field.
Billerica tossed aside in OT Billerica won two coin flips on Thanksgiving in Chelmsford. Neither, however, brought the team a postseason berth.
St. John's holds off Xaverian An exciting Thanksgiving Day game between St. John's Prep and Xaverian is something that never changes.
Everett, Nuzzo perfect With the season hanging in the balance, Everett did what Everett does. Coach John DiBiaso put the ball in Matt Nuzzo's hands, and the senior quarterback ran for 161 yards and two touchdowns as the Crimson Tide pulled away from Cambridge, 31-12, to win the Greater Boston League title yesterday at Tufts University.
Danvers finally breaks through Danvers quarterback Chris Small and senior Ned Grady have been playing football together since they were children.
Today's schedule College basketball: MEN -- Marist at Vermont, 7 p.m.; Clemson at Boston College, 7:30 p.m.; Maine at Rhode Island, 7:30 p.m.; Mount Ida at UMass-Boston, 7:30 p.m.; WOMEN -- Weber St. at Northeastern, 5 p.m.; Loyola at Maine, 7 p.m.
Truck delivers action The TV timeout is one of the banes of a sports fan's life. You're at a stadium, the game is rolling along . . . until everything just stops for 1 1/2-2 1/2 minutes.
This weekend on TV, radio TODAY COLLEGE BASKETBALL/MEN 4:30 p.m. -- Preseason NIT third-place game: Michigan vs. Providence at New York, ESPN2 7 p.m. -- Preseason NIT championship game: Arizona vs. Wake Forest at New York, ESPN2 7:30 p.m. -- Clemson at BC, NESN, WEEI (850) 9 p.m. -- Maryland vs. Memphis at Springfield, ESPN2 Midnight -- Great Alaska Shootout semifinal at Anchorage, ESPN2 PRO ...
Update 8: Yukos Removes Anti-Crisis Plan From Agenda Shareholders of the foundering Russian oil giant Yukos will not vote on an anti-crisis plan at a Dec. 20 meeting, the company said in a statement Friday, saying the plan would be impossible to implement in 
Salvation Army workers ring in the holiday season (November 26, 2004) - That familiar jingling at store entrances this time of year might not sound as welcoming as a Christmas carol, but the bell ringing next to those red kettles is music to the Salvation Army and the clients it serves.
BT sells Eutelsat stake for 363m BT Group, the privatised former British telecoms monopoly, has sold its entire holding in the French satellite operator Eutelsat for 363m.
SA court says Harmony needs competition approval LONDON (CBS.MW) -- Gold Fields (GFI) said Friday it welcomed a decision by a South African appeals court that Harmony Gold Mining (HMY) cannot exercise any voting rights from Gold Fields shares it may acquire from its early settlement offer until 
New clue to mystery of Holy Grail It looks like a Countdown conundrum and has defied some of the greatest minds for 250 years. But ten letters - D OUOSVAVV M - etched on a tablet at a stately home could reveal where the legendary Holy Grail is buried.
French teen homes in on Fed Cup win Moscow - Blonde teenage pin-up Tatiana Golovin hopes to crown a first ever return to her native Russia by leading France to victory over the hosts in the Fed Cup final on Saturday and Sunday.
England cricketers fly to Zimbabwe The England cricket team will fly out to Zimbabwe today for the start of their controversial tour of the south African country. Thirteen British journalists had been banned from covering the tour but, following 
Hayden #39;s wicket proves Australia talking-point Justin Langer showed his fighting qualities to score an unbeaten 144 against New Zealand on Friday though it was Matthew Hayden #39;s refusal to walk that 
Yukos considers self-destruction Shareholders in Yukos are pondering liquidation or filing for bankruptcy, after deciding against a rescue plan for the embattled Russian oil firm.
Japanese prices continue to fall Japanese consumer goods prices fell again in October, as some analysts predict deflation will continue until 2006
Trade 'can resolve Kashmir issue' India's foreign minister says improved trade ties with Pakistan could spur on the peace process.
Just flush with pride Authorities here are always eager to show off their accomplishments, so when Beijing hosted the World Toilet Organization conference last week, delegates were given a grand tour of the city's toilets.
Sunni leaders urge delay in Iraqi elections BAGHDAD, Iraq -- Leading Sunni Muslim politicians yesterday urged postponement of the Jan. 30 national elections, and a senior official said the government had agreed to meet outside the country with Saddam 
TOXIC LAB DISCOVERED AS ZARQAWI PAL NABBED A close aide of terrorist leader Abu Musab al-Zarqawi was captured yesterday - as Iraqi troops discovered a laboratory with manuals on manufacturing explosives and toxins.
 #39;Pak view of JK fundamentally wrong #39; NEW DELHI: Questioning the importance being given by Pakistan to separatist Hurriyat leaders, India has said there was  quot;something fundamentally wrong quot; with Islamabad #39;s understanding of realities in Jammu and Kashmir and hoped that this would not be an 
Payers want proof for medical treatments In a tug of war over the skyrocketing costs of medical technology, the makers of implantable defibrillators are opposing a plan by Medicare to track the health outcomes of patients who get the devices.
Free credit reports to bear ads Ordered by Congress to give consumers free access to their own credit reports once a year, the nation's three largest credit bureaus are turning that requirement into a marketing opportunity.
Yukos executives leave Russia, speculation deepens MOSCOW -- A half-dozen executives of Yukos, the embattled oil giant, have left Russia and the company's chief financial officer said he won't return until he learns whether the government plans to charge him.
Tax-fight veterans see hurdles for Bush The two primary architects of Congress's last major tax reform say President Bush has failed to lay the groundwork for his ambitious tax agenda and will have to invest a vast amount of political capital to succeed in simplifying the code.
Dollar slides again Skeptical markets drove the dollar to a record low yesterday against the euro, with the European currency climbing above \$1.32 for the first time.
ADV: Great Stocks at Great Prices! Renowned value fund manager Jon D. Markman offers stock recommendations and investing strategies in his weekly newsletter, TheStreet.com Value Investor. Act now for a free trial.
Bush Asks His Father and Clinton to Raise Funds President Bush enlisted his two predecessors to lead an effort to raise money from corporations for disaster relief.
Dollar Hits New Low; Gold Heads for  #36;455 (Reuters) Reuters - The dollar hit record lows against\the euro Friday and a 4-1/2-year trough versus the yen\following a report China had cut its holdings of dollar assets,\lifting gold to a 16-year high and undermining Tokyo stocks.
Iran Says It's Fully Committed to Nuke Enrichment Freeze (Reuters) Reuters - Iran will honor its pledge to the\European Union and U.N. nuclear watchdog to freeze uranium\enrichment and all related activities, Tehran's chief delegate\to the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) said Friday.
Online Identity Theft: Many Medicines, No Cure (PC World) PC World - Anti-phishing applications, smart cards, and new authentication technologies are vying for your support.
The phone that knows you better than you do If you thought predictive texting was impressive, you ain #39;t seen nothing yet. A cellphone is on the way that can predict what you are about to do.
Cell Phones Increasingly Attractive To Hackers (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - Early this month, several Web sites began offering software promising ringtones and screensavers for certain cell phones. But those who downloaded the software found that it turned every icon on their cell phones' screens into a skull-and-crossbones and disabled their phones, so they could no longer send or receive text messages or access contact lists or calendars.
Chemical Weapons Lab Found in Falluja: Iraq Minister A laboratory for the manufacture of chemical weapons has been found in Falluja, an Iraqi minister said on Thursday, but Marines in the city said they were not aware of any such discovery.
Chemical Weapons Lab Disclosed In Fallujah A chemical weapons laboratory has been found in the former rebel stronghold of Fallujah, Iraqi Minister of State Kassim Daoud announced on Thursday.
Coming soon: Taj by night Come Saturday, the monument of love, the Taj Mahal, can be viewed in the splendour of the full moon, 20 years after security fears ended night visits.
Pampling Leads Australian Open (AP) AP - Australia's Rod Pampling took a four-stroke lead in the centennial Australian Open on Friday, shooting his second straight 4-under 67.
Protest rocks Aboriginal island Protesters on an Aboriginal island in Australia storm the local police station after the death of a man in custody.
Dollar bounces back from low The dollar bounces back from earlier lows, amid hopes of central bank intervention to support the currency.
Burma releases more prisoners \Burma's ruling junta frees about 500 more prisoners, and says it will release veteran dissident Win Tin.
Cricket: Australia in command Justin Langer hits an unbeaten 144 as Australia reach 327-3 against New Zealand.
BJP demands transfer of seer case India's main opposition says the case of a Hindu seer facing murder charges must be heard outside Tamil Nadu to ensure that justice is delivered.
Families row over home PC access Arguments over who gets to use the home computer are breaking out in families across the UK, says a survey.
Tehran seeking exemptions in EU deal  VIENNA -- Iran insisted yesterday that it had a right to exempt some equipment from an agreement with the European Union committing it to freeze all parts of a program that can make nuclear weapons-grade uranium, a move that diplomats said threatened to scuttle the deal.
EU, Russia fail to reach accord at summit  THE HAGUE -- Russia and the European Union failed yesterday to complete negotiations on a  quot;strategic partnership quot; because of disagreements over security and other issues at a summit overshadowed by the Ukraine political crisis. The two sides said they were confident a final pact will be reached next May, however.
Alarm raised on Asia's males  The explosive growth of male populations in China and India could threaten social order in those countries as well as international security, according to a book by two academic researchers.
End to genital mutilation urged  VIENNA -- Young girls born in Europe to immigrant families from Africa are subjected to ritual genital mutilation, and authorities are doing little to discourage it, a leading activist for women's rights warned yesterday.
Havana's Chinatown struggles  HAVANA -- At first glance, Havana's Chinatown seems a misnomer. Restaurants serve pizza, and actual Chinese are vastly outnumbered by tourists and Hispanics.
Free radio seeks a new format  PRAGUE -- Ronald Reagan used it to reach out to the Soviets during the Cold War. Lech Walesa, the leader of Poland's Solidarity movement, likened it to the sun lighting the earth. Rock band R.E.M. immortalized it in a cynical hit song.
Leaving slums of Paris, two Muslim teens turn to waging jihad PARIS -- The two teenage friends hardly seemed like Islamic radicals. They smoked marijuana, drank beer, listened to rap music, and wore jeans.
A morning jog, a midday feast, soldiers taste tradition FORWARD OPERATING BASE WARHORSE, Iraq -- The race started like any other, with the pop of a gun and the slap of sneakers on hard mud. The sun had begun to peek above the purple horizon, and the air was New England cold.
US casualties in Iraq and Afghanistan The Department of Defense has identified the following US service members who were killed recently in Iraq and Afghanistan:
8 Slashed to Death in Chinese High School The unexplained attack is the latest and most serious in a series of such knifings that have alarmed the Chinese public and led police to reinforce security at schools and day-care centers.
Two Marines Killed in Fallujah Two Marines killed, three wounded by insurgents during house-clearing in Fallujah.
UK Plays Down Prince Harry Kidnap Threat Reports &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; LONDON (Reuters) - Buckingham Palace Friday termed"irresponsible" newspaper reports that a kidnap threat forcedBritain's Prince Harry to cut short a trip to a polo pony farmin Argentina.&lt;/p&gt;
450 Colombian Paramilitaries Disarm Some 450 right-wing paramilitary fighters left Colombia's crowded battlefields, turning in their weapons and asking society to let them back into its fold.
Nine Bodies Found in Cancun The bodies of nine people, including three federal agents, were discovered at a pair of sites outside Cancun, a Mexican resort city that lies near a route used to smuggle cocaine from Colombia to America's streets.
DWP kills 60k PCs in Windows XP upgrade lash-up &lt;strong&gt;Updated&lt;/strong&gt; Down for four days and counting...
Terapixel digital images approach Digital images that are billions of pixels in size are now becoming commonplace.
Swap offer for pirated Windows XP Microsoft is starting a scheme to replace pirate versions of Windows XP with legal ones.
Online Identity Theft: Many Medicines, No Cure Anti-phishing applications, smart cards, and new authentication technologies are vying for your support.
Shell pushes back AGM Oil giant Royal Dutch/Shell has decided to delay shareholder meetings that will vote on a new unified board structure to allow more time to prepare the necessary documentation.
Court extends Stelco protection TORONTO -- Stelco Inc. #39;s protection from creditors was extended to Feb. 11 yesterday at a court hearing where lawyers for shareholders and workers ganged up on a bid by Deutsche Bank to refinance the steelmaker.
Most back moon trip, but not Mars Americans may support a return trip to the moon, but there is much less interest in going on to Mars. Also, a majority say they don #39;t believe the space agency should receive a boost in 
Now, cellphones turn advisers!: Technology India: Washington, Nov 26 : How about a cellphone that can intelligently advise you on what or what not to do based on your track record?
Anti-Insurgent Raids Net Large Seizure of Iraqi Rebels, Weapons US and Iraqi government forces have captured scores of suspected insurgents and seized an enormous stockpile of weapons and explosives during anti-insurgent operations in Iraq.
UN pulls food aid from Darfur KHARTOUM, Sudan -- The World Food Program has suspended its operations in most of the Sudanese state of North Darfur and relocated its staff to the capital because of renewed clashes between rebels and government forces, the UN agency said Thursday.
Whatever Happened to SGI? What high-powered, high-design, graphics-oriented, Unix-based computers are beloved by their fanatical users? Clue: It's not what you think. By Jason Walsh.
Science Geek Gifts for All Banish underwear from your gift-giving list this year! Your smarty-pants friends and relatives aren't as hard to buy for as you might think. The web is full of brain-gratifying gift ideas. By Kristen Philipkoski.
Porn Prohibitionists Miss Point If we're going to start worrying about porn, doesn't it make sense to actually study its role in society rather than make stuff up? Commentary by Regina Lynn.
Technology Over Ideology FCC chairman Michael Powell has confounded liberals and free market purists. He's an official that defies simplification. By Lawrence Lessig from Wired magazine.
Langdon Gilkey, 85, Theorist on Nexus of Faith and Science, Dies Langdon Gilkey was a prominent Protestant theologian who argued for a rational, even satisfying, co-existence between science and faith.
Target bans Salvation Army ringers By Sam Haverstick, Special to The CJ. Dillon West, 11, doesn #39;t understand why Target Corp. won #39;t let the Salvation Army place bell ringers outside its stores this Christmas.
Nintendo Honored by  quot;Walk of Game quot; Nintendo did particularly well in a recent poll ran by  quot;Walk of Game quot;. With Shigeru Miyamoto winning a lifeti. Walk of Game, the first physical landmark honouring the icons and pioneers of the videogame industry 
Comfortable win pleases Souness Graeme Souness was naturally delighted as Newcastle comfortably beat Sochaux 4-0 to book their place in the Uefa Cup knock-out stages.
PLO #39;s Abbas faces Fatah, Hamas challenges Palestinian leader Mahmoud Abbas must patch up differences in his influential Fatah group if he hopes to check the growing power of Islamic militants opposed 
Man with knife kills 8, wounds 4 at central China high school A man with a knife broke into a high school dormitory and killed eight students in the deadliest of a series of knife attacks at Chinese schools in recent months, the government said Friday.
Prince Harry flies home from Argentina amid reports of shooting Prince Harry headed home from Argentina on Friday, royal officials said, amid media reports that shots were fired at the ranch where he was staying.
Fan mayhem over South Korean heartthrob at Tokyo hotel leaves 9 &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; A sudden frenzy erupted among fans of South Korean soap opera star Bae Yong-joon as he left his Tokyo hotel in a car Friday, leaving nine Japanese women hurt and prompting an apology from Bae.
Big Spending Bills Become Congressal Habit (AP) AP - Ronald Reagan, in his 1988 State of the Union address to Congress, hefted a 1,000-page, 14-pound spending bill and warned lawmakers against sending him more "behemoths" like this. "And if you do, I will not sign it."
S Korea motor workers on strike Staff at Hyundai and Kai walk out as part of a nationwide strike in protest at proposed new legislation encouraging temporary work.
Oracle unveils PeopleSoft board candidates Oracle has revealed the identities of the four people it will nominate to the board of PeopleSoft as it pushes ahead with its efforts to take control of the company.
Oregon trees head to Texas to cheer military families #39; holidays Oregon Christmas tree growers are shipping 1,300 donated trees to military families based at Fort Hood, Texas, industry officials said.
Microsoft wins over China public sector China is becoming increasingly alarmed that Microsoft is winning the lion #39;s share of too many government contracts to supply software.
Hackers exploit critical Winamp flaw IT security experts have uncovered a critical vulnerability in the popular Winamp media player, which could be exploited by hackers to compromise a user #39;s system.
Manning deflects talk about possible TD passes record Unfortunately for the Detroit Lions, this was after the game in the locker room, when he was inundated with questions about his record-setting pace.
Huskies quickness overwhelms Utes ANCHORAGE, ALASKA - The Utah Utes have something the Washington Huskies dont: a pure big man blessed with silky talents. But the Huskies have something the Utes dont: swarming, suffocating, overwhelming quickness.
11 dead in Indonesia earthquake JAKARTA, INDONESIA - An earthquake in Indonesia on Friday has killed at least 11 people and injured about 65 others. The 6.4-magnitude quake occurred at 11:25 am local time near the town of Nabire, in West 
BT sells Eutelsat satellite stake BT Group says the sale of its 15.8 stake in the Paris-based satellite operator Eutelsat is part of a strategy to focus on its core telephony business.
Japan #39;s steel crisis forces Nissan to cut car production JAPANS two biggest steelmakers admitted for the first time yesterday that they were unable to satisfy demand, forcing Nissan, the carmaker, to cut its fourth-quarter production target by 30,000 vehicles.
Dollar recovers on denial of Chinese sell-off The dollar rallied from new lows in European morning trade on Friday as a Chinese official backtracked from earlier claims that China had started to shift 
Singapore Shares End Down On Weak US Dlr, Indus Output SINGAPORE (Dow Jones)--Singapore shares ended lower Friday, tracking regional markets on renewed concerns that the sagging US dollar against the Singapore dollar will hurt exports and economic growth.
Celtics Defeat Reeling Hornets 108-90 (AP) AP - Paul Pierce had 19 points, 10 rebounds and 10 assists for his fourth career triple-double, and Raef LaFrentz had 14 points and 12 rebounds as the Boston Celtics defeated New Orleans 108-90 Monday night, sending the Hornets to their eighth consecutive loss.
The never-ending search Fascination with the Holy Grail has lasted for centuries, and now the Bletchley Park code-breakers have joined the hunt. But what is it that #39;s made the grail the definition of something 
Critical Flaw in WinAmp A critical security flaw has been discovered in WinAmp that exploits the stack-based buffer overflow vulnerability allowing attacks from hackers.
Ancient bison done in by climate, not hunters Thousands of years before white and Indian hunters drove the buffalo of America #39;s Great Plains to virtual extinction, the ancestors of those lordly animals suffered a similar fate -- but it was major climate change, not hunting, that did them in, says an 
Nintendo moving into online within 3 to 4 years - Miyamoto Comments attributed to Nintendo #39;s Shigeru Miyamoto in this week #39;s Famitsu magazine indicate that the company is planning to bring its systems online within a three to four year timescale, with DS leading the way.
Hard-working Preston had to go Prospective Livingston owner Pearse Flynn has praised Allan Preston for keeping the team afloat during an uncertain financial time but insists results on the field did not match the commitment of the sacked manager.
Colts 41, Lions 9 While Peyton Manning tried to downplay his individual accomplishments, receiver Brandon Stokley heaped on the praise.  quot;Hes the best thats ever played this game as far as quarterbacks are concerned, quot; Stokley said.
Palace brawl When lines break down, there #39;s chaos So now, the second wave of reaction has set in to last Friday night #39;s Pistons-Pacers-Fans brawl at the Palace. At first, the reaction was shock, dismay, outrage.
Abbas makes election move, possibly to push back activist &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The interim Palestinian leader promised to set a date for internal elections in the ruling Fatah movement, a Cabinet minister said Friday, in an apparent attempt to persuade the head of Fatah #39;s restless young guard to drop out 
World 'short of health workers' Millions more health workers are needed if global health is going to be improved over the next decade, a study says.
EU gets tough on fusion reactor European research ministers state their intention to go it alone on a multi-billion euro nuclear project if arguments with international partners are not resolved soon.
U.S. Commander Makes Afghan Visit (AP) AP - Gen. John Abizaid, the head of U.S. Central Command, made a surprise Thanksgiving Day visit to troops in Afghanistan and met Friday with the country's president.
US dollar whipsaws on worries over China LONDON The dollar went for a see-saw ride Friday, plunging after a comment from a Chinese policy maker appeared to undermine already fragile market sentiment toward the US currency, but rebounding after the official retracted the remark.
Oil giant in Russia is closer to collapse MOSCOW Yukos has moved closer to collapse after six of the Russian oil company #39;s top executives, including the American chief executive and the chief financial officer, fled the country, citing fear of persecution from the Kremlin.
EU judge on Microsoft - one month until ruling A European Union judge told a closed meeting on Thursday he plans to rule within a month whether to freeze curbs imposed by the EU #39;s executive on Microsoft, lawyers present said.
Update 12: Bargain Shoppers Get Early Holiday Start Bargain shoppers, many of them braving chilly temperatures, woke up before dawn to head for the nation #39;s malls and stores Friday, the official beginning of the holiday shopping season, hoping to take advantage of early bird specials on a range of items 
JLT falls on profits warning Shares in Jardine Lloyd Thomas, the UK #39;s largest insurance broker, have plunged 20 per cent after the company issued a profit warning for the year and chief executive Steve McGill quit.
Salvation Army rings in the holidays or so hopes the Salvation Army. Each year volunteers and employees appear in malls across Broward County to ring bells from early November to Christmas Eve.
Court Blocks Gold Fields Takeover Attempt Gold Fields Ltd. said Friday that a South Africa #39;s Competition Appeal Court has temporarily blocked a hostile takeover bid from Harmony Gold Mining Co.
Philippines likely to keep 2004 budget deficit below ceiling The Philippines is likely to keep well within the 2004 budget and consolidated public sector deficittargets due to improved revenue flows and increased electricity tariffs, officials said Friday.
Hong Kongs GDP expands 7.2 on tourist spending Hong Kongs gross domestic product rose 7.2 per cent year-on-year in the third quarter as strong trade flows and tourist spending continued to drive its recovery from the outbreak of severe acute respiratory syndrome last year.
 #39;Easy exit #39; clause hints at News Corp man #39;s Disney move The race to succeed Disney chief Michael Eisner took an intriguing turn yesterday when it emerged that a highranking Murdoch employee has signed a new contract making it easy for him to leave ... but only if he goes to Disney.
US yawns over number switching Software salesman Kevin Johnson was no match for the Blackberry 7100 cell phone on display at a downtown San Francisco T-Mobile USA store.
UK government hit with another large computer failure NOVEMBER 26, 2004 (IDG NEWS SERVICE) - IT system failures continued to plague the UK government this week, when as many as 80,000 civil servants working for the Department of Work and Pensions (DWP) had to deal with what is being described in the local 
Microsoft offers amnesty program to pirated WinXP users MICROSOFT Corp. is staging another attack against software pirates with an amnesty program for unwitting users of bootlegged copies of its Windows XP operating system (OS).
Climatic change put an end to bison existence An international research team claims that it was major climate change, not hunting that led to major bison extinction. Moving in huge herds, more than 20 million bison roamed the American West before white men arrived.
Record Labels Support Filesharing Three major record companies have signed on to a new service which will allow their music to be sold via file-swapping. The new project is an attempt to lure fans away from filesharing services which are technically 
Government says Finnish with IE 6 A government agency in Finland is urging the country #39;s citizens to avoid use of Internet Explorer until Microsoft has patched the Bofra vulnerability.
Moon gas could meet Earth #39;s future energy demands: Scientists A potential gas source found on the Moon #39;s surface could hold the key to meeting future energy demands as the Earth #39;s fossil fuels dry up in the coming decades, scientists said on Friday.
Phishers tapping botnets to automate attacks Computer criminals are making phishing more potent by automating attacks. Anti-Phishing Working Group (APWG) analysts reckon fraudsters are using automated tools and botnets to ramp up attacks.
South Korea bans Ghost Recon 2 The latest Tom Clancy based military title from French publisher Ubisoft has been rejected by South Korea #39;s Media Rating Board, forcing the company to drop its plans to launch the game in the region.
SOUNESS READY TO TEST TITUS Newcastle manager Graeme Souness has challenged Titus Bramble to grow up fast to make himself an international defender. The much-maligned 23-year-old turned in a rock-solid display in the Magpies #39; 4-0 UEFA 
Notebook: Return in Hughes #39; skates? For the first time in more than a year, 2002 Olympic gold medalist Sarah Hughes will skate for an audience Saturday. BY Todd Plitt, USA TODAY.
Langer exploits popgun attack JUSTIN Langer sniffed the rarified air of cricket #39;s 20-century club, but it took Darren Lehmann #39;s 28 not out to give a nervous home city sweet dreams last night.
Success eluding Harrington, Lions At least Thursday he was. Joey Harrington is frustrated. Joey Harrington is searching for answers, the same as everyone else here.
Lotito: We #39;re Disappointed Lazio only managed a 2-2 at home against Partizan Belgrade on Thursday night in the Uefa Cup, a result which disappointed all Biancoceleste supporters, in particular President Lotito.
Barnes still in the hunt ALL too often at a championship that produces a relatively surprising leader after the opening round, does that player get rather overtaken at the enormity of the situation and slide, sometimes none too gracefully, away down the leaderboard and out of the 
Pacers 106, T-wolves 102 INDIANAPOLIS - Another improbable win has the Pacers brimming with confidence. And Indiana has Jamaal Tinsley to thank for that. The guard scored 20 points, recorded 14 assists and grabbed seven rebounds to 
Iranian cleric upbeat on closure of nuclear case A top Iranian cleric expressed optimism Friday that Iran #39;s nuclear case might not be referred to the United Nations Security Council, the official IRNA news agency reported.
8 killed in knife attack at Chinese high school BEIJING A man with a knife broke into a high school dormitory and killed eight students in the deadliest of a series of such attacks at Chinese schools in recent months, the government said Friday.
Palace denies Harry security threat in Argentina Prince Harry is making news again in Britain, with reports he had to return home from Argentina after shots were fired at the ranch where he was staying, and that there may have been a plot to kidnap him.
Indonesian leader visits site of separatist conflict BANDA ACEH, Indonesia President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono of Indonesia, who has vowed to end the conflict in Aceh Province, made his first visit there Friday against a backdrop of continued violence.
Earthquake hit Indonesia, killing 11 and injuring 65 A heavy quake rocked Indonesia #39;s Papua province killing at least 11 people and wounding 75. The quake destroyed 150 buildings, including churches, mosques and schools.
Arms cache in mosque US troops have found a massive weapons cache in the former rebel stronghold of Fallujah. As the grim toll in the fight for the ruined city passed 2000, Iraqi soldiers combing 
NBA: James Returns to Lead Cavaliers Over Bobcats  CHARLOTTE, N.C. (Sports Network) - LeBron James, playing  his first game since suffering a facial fracture, scored a  game-high 26 points, grabbed eight rebounds and dished out six  assists to lead Cleveland to a 94-83 win over the Bobcats at  Charlotte Coliseum.
U.S. and Other Countries Deliver Aid in Indonesia In 30 sorties on Monday, U.S. helicopters delivered more than 60,000 pounds of water, medical supplies and food.
Music Companies Embrace P2P File-Sharing Even as the RIAA continues to sue downloaders of illegal music over file-sharing networks, some music companies are finally finding ways to use P2P to their advantage.
IOC Wants to Expel Bulgarian Official (AP) AP - The IOC recommended Friday that Bulgaria's top Olympic official be expelled from the organization for unethical conduct.
Beckham #39;s not finished, says Eriksson England coach Sven-Goran Eriksson has backed his under-fire captain David Beckham to rediscover his best form. Midfielder Beckham received particular 
Four Killed in Baghdad #39;s Green Zone A US Army 1st Battalion, 24th Infantry Regiment soldier scans the area through his rifle scope during a joint early morning raid on insurgent targets by Iraqi and US forces, during which 13 suspects were detained in Mosul, Iraq Friday, Nov. 26, 2004.
Guerrilla #39;s assistant captured, says Iraq A lieutenant of Iraq #39;s most feared insurgent leader, Abu Musab al-Zarqawi, was captured this week, the country #39;s national security minister said Thursday, and 
Clenched fists now the norm To me, the Thanksgiving holiday is the beginning of a six- week stretch filled with food, family and fun. A time to reflect about the things I #39;m thankful for as well as enjoy 
Algeria reveals rebel crackdown Algerian officials say they have arrested the leader of a radical Islamic group and killed his deputy.
Runaway Rod hard to rein in ONE of Queensland golfer Rod Pampling #39;s principal endorsements is from a company that manufactures a flea treatment for dogs. He wore the Bayer cloth badge proudly on his chest yesterday while dusting down 
Moss In; Birk and Dorsey Out? The Vikings feared they would lose Matt Birk for much longer than they did earlier this season. With his pain resurfacing, he will likely be a gametime decision Sunday.
Americans Hit Shops, Holiday Season Opens Americans stormed the nation #39;s shops on Friday after US Thanksgiving Day at the start of the holiday shopping season, lured by cut-price toys, consumer electronics and Santa.
Chile Cuts Emissions, Helps Japan, Canada (AP) AP - Pig manure in Chile will keep neon lights glowing on Tokyo's Ginza in years to come. It's a grand north-south tradeoff to slow global warming: You reduce your "greenhouse gas" emissions so I don't have to cut back on mine.
Deepest U.S. Reef Found Off Florida Coast (AP) AP - Marine researchers have discovered the deepest coral reef ever found in the United States in about 250 feet of water off the Florida coast.
Arms Dealer Linked to Thatcher Escaped Death Sentence South African arms dealer Nick du Toit, who has been linked to Sir Mark Thatcher, was jailed for 34 years in Equatorial Guinea today for his part in a failed coup.
Fallujah assault brings no Zarqawi lead The Fallujah assault has failed to secure any information leading to the possible arrest of key insurgent Abu Musab al-Zarqawi, a US major has admitted.
Record Number of Tornadoes Reported in '04 (AP) AP - The bad news: more tornadoes were reported in Kansas and the nation last year than at any time since records have been kept.
Clubbing in Barcelona So, you thought testing happened in front of empty grandstands? Not when the Renault F1 Team fan club is involved
Wall Street ends higher despite oil price spike NEW YORK : Wall Street managed to end on a positive note Wednesday, brushing off fresh oil price spikes and disappointing economic news, including a surprise drop in consumer sentiment last month.
Jardine Lloyd Profit to Fall; Chief Executive Quits (Update3) Jardine Lloyd Thompson Plc, the UK #39;s biggest publicly traded insurance broker, said Chief Executive Steve McGill quit and profit will decline this year because of a difficult #39; #39; second half.
Pensions computer failure the  #39;worst ever #39; Civil Servants have been reduced to writing out benefit claims by hand after what experts are calling the biggest crash in computer history.
Impressive Newcastle rout Sochaux LONDON, England -- Newcastle achieved their first European success in France as a 4-0 win over Sochaux took the Premier League team to the top of UEFA Group D. A first half goal from Lee Bowyer and strikes 
Congress Urged to Fix Terror Oversight (AP) AP - Successful in pushing for restructuring of the nation's intelligence network, Sept. 11 families and investigators began pressing lawmakers on Monday to change the way Congress oversees the fight against terrorism.
Consistent Pampling is trampling the field in the 100th Australian &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Australia #39;s Rod Pampling took a four-stroke lead in the 100th Australian Open on Friday, shooting his second straight 4-under 67.
Birk won #39;t play Sunday Vikings Pro Bowl center Matt Birk was downgraded from probable to out Thursday morning, while receiver Randy Moss took another step toward returning to action.
Italian race shame overshadows UEFA Cup PARIS (AFP) - Newcastle United booked their place in the last 32 of the UEFA Cup but the latest round of group matches was overshadowed by another depressing outbreak of racism on European terraces.
8 teens murdered at Chinese school A MAN stabbed eight teenagers to death and injured four others after breaking into a school in central China Friday morning, teachers and local authorities said.
WTO to EU, Japan: Sanction U.S. Trade (Reuters) Reuters - The World Trade Organization (WTO) gave\final approval on Friday to the European Union, Japan and\others to hit the United States with some  #36;150 million in trade\sanctions in a dispute over an illegal anti-dumping law.
POLL- Managers Eye Stocks Post-Election (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. money managers took the\re-election of President Bush as a cue to make a significant\shift to stocks from bonds after months of hesitation, a new\Reuters asset allocation poll shows.
Cingular Sells Some Assets to Alltel (Reuters) Reuters - Cingular Wireless said on Friday it\struck a deal to sell some assets to Alltel Corp.  for\ #36;170 million in cash, a move that will help it meet the\government's divestiture requirements stemming from its\purchase of AT T Wireless.
Americans Hit Shops, Holiday Season Opens (Reuters) Reuters - Americans stormed the nation's shops\on Friday after U.S. Thanksgiving Day at the start of the\holiday shopping season, lured by cut-price toys, consumer\electronics and Santa.
US anti-dumping law draws WTO sanctions GENEVA - The World Trade Organization approved strong sanctions Friday against the United States for legislation that allows US companies to receive some duties collected from foreign competitors.
Fiserv in Talks for Australian Pact Fiserv Inc., a provider of information technology services to the financial industry, on Friday said it is negotiating a deal to manage a proposed check-processing joint venture with three of Australia #39;s largest banks.
Center of attention: Vikings #39; Birk battling through pain Eden Prairie, MN (Sports Network) - Minnesota Vikings center Matt Birk is hampered with possibly another hernia and is expected to miss Sunday #39;s game against the Jacksonville Jaguars.
Region to Add Thousands Of Seasonal Employees Sometimes, the part-time jobs can lead to permanent positions. But for many seasonal workers, the job simply means income and nice discounts at a time of year when many people want the extra cash.
Managers buy out struggling QXL QXL Ricardo, the UK's version of internet auction site eBay, agrees to let its management take the company private.
House-price boom 'splits Britain' Rising property prices are making the gap between rich and poor far worse, housing charity Shelter say.
Peru Rebel Leader Offers to Surrender (Reuters) Reuters - The leader of an armed group which\took over a police station in a southern Peruvian town three\days ago and demanded the president's resignation made a fresh\promise on Monday to surrender.
Airport Uses Web-Based Flight Info System (AP) AP - Fresno's airport is the first in the nation to use a Web-based wireless system that relies on radar  #151; not the carriers  #151; for the flight information displayed in its terminals, airport officials said.
How the worm turned on car makers FIVE years ago, Carlos Ghosn, the pioneering chief of Nissan, demanded that the car maker #39;s main steel suppliers either cut their prices or risk losing its business.
Salvation Army looks for new fundraising  quot;target quot; It #39;s going to be a little quieter outside of Target stores this holiday season. The company isn #39;t allowing the Salvation Army bell ringers outside its stores.
Mayban Unit Trust eyes RM4b fund size Mayban Unit Trust Bhd plans to double its total fund size to at least RM4bil by the middle of next year to capture a larger slice of the local fund management industry, said chief executive officer Shamsuddin Bahari.
Ground share meeting on Merseyside LONDON, England -- One of the fiercest rivalries in world football could be set to one side under possible plans for Premier League Liverpool and Everton to share a ground.
Zidane backs Paris bid for 2012 Olympics French soccer star Zinedine Zidane has thrown his support behind Paris #39; campaign to host the 2012 Summer Olympics, the Paris bid committee said Friday.
Report Alleges Gay Abuse in Jamaica (AP) AP - A report by a watchdog agency alleges widespread abuse against gays in this Caribbean island, known for the slogan "one love."
Four Killed in Baghdad #39;s Green Zone A mortar attack killed four employees of a British security firm and wounded 15 others in the Baghdad #39;s Green Zone, a fortified area that houses the US and Iraqi leadership, the company and British officials said Friday.
U.N. Condemns Rebel Capture of Darfur Town (AP) AP - The United Nations has condemned the rebel capture of a town in Darfur province, saying it violates a cease-fire agreement and jeopardizes the lives of tens of thousands of people who will not receive aid because of the fighting.
Ukrainian rivals to hold meeting Opposing sides in the disputed presidential elections are due to meet, outgoing president Leonid Kuchma says.
Vital polls for Palestinian party Top Palestinian political faction Fatah is to hold its first internal elections for 16 years next August.
Pringle to risk Zim deportation Journalist Derek Pringle will refuse to sign a declaration that commits him to cover only cricket in Zimbabwe.
Two senior officials 'leave CIA' Two senior CIA officials are reported to have quit in the latest sign of turmoil within the US spy organisation.
Football: Juve doctor convicted A doctor is convicted of administering banned drugs to Juventus players in the 1990s.
IOC recommends Slavkov expulsion The IOC wants suspended Olympic member Ivan Slavkov to be thrown out of the organisation.
Four former Gurkhas dead in Iraq Four employees of a British security firm are killed inside the high-security Green Zone in Baghdad.
Dollar hits new low, then hits back The dollar hit a record low against the euro for a fourth day running on Friday but rebounded swiftly as traders grew nervous about the possibility of central bank intervention.
TiVo Unveils Portable Transfer Service (AP) AP - TiVo Inc. pioneered digital video recording as a new way of watching television  #151; when you want it. Now it could be TV where you want it, too.
Call for inquiry into benefits computer crash Union leaders today called for an inquiry into a massive computer crash which disabled the government #39;s benefits system, forcing civil servants to write out giro cheques by hand.
Finnish Warn against IE6 Authorities in Finland have warned their citizen against using Microsofts Internet Explorer 6, citing a serious security flaw within the browser.
Moon gas could meet earth #39;s energy demands A potential gas source found on the moon #39;s surface could hold the key to meeting future energy demands as the earth #39;s fossil fuels dry up in the coming decades, scientists said.
'EICU' Lets Doctors Monitor Many Patients (AP) AP - Your next doctor could be keeping an eye on you from afar  #151; via a camera and a bank of computer screens. An expanding number of hospitals are adopting technology that allows critical care doctors and nurses to monitor dozens of patients at different hospitals simultaneously, much as an air traffic controller keeps track of several planes.
Dodd leads chilly China Open Wales #39; Stephen Dodd shot a 2-under 70 in cold and rainy conditions Friday to take a three-stroke lead in the China Open, the first event of the 2005 PGA European Tour schedule.
Golf roundup: Barnes takes Aussie lead Kurt Barnes held a two-stroke lead Thursday after shooting a 6-under-par 65 in the first round of the Australian Open, which is celebrating its 100th anniversary.
Dollar at New All-Time Low vs. Euro The U.S. dollar hit a new all-time low against the euro Friday for the fourth straight day, pushing the European currency above \$1.33 amid concerns about the twin U.S. deficits and the lack of any central bank action to stop the dollar's decline.
US Airways Reaches Deal on Aircraft Financing US Airways Group Inc. said Friday it has reached agreement with General Electric Co. on aircraft leasing and financing terms that will help the airline lower costs and reduce debt as it seeks to avoid liquidation. The airline will also have to do more cost cutting on its own.
Fear Stalks YUKOS HQ Amid Raids and Arrest Warrants Under a powdery gray Moscow sky, YUKOS employees trudged through the snow to work on Friday, fearful for the future but afraid to speak out against a government about to dismember the once-mighty oil firm.
 #39;Business as usual #39; for US Airways Fears of labor-related disruptions at US Airways failed to materialize at Pittsburgh or anywhere else in the airline #39;s travel system Wednesday as the nation #39;s busiest travel season began.
Retailers Usher in the Holiday Season Apple Store customers in San Francisco test the iPod Wednesday, Nov. 24, 2004. The iPod is one of the hot electronic items on the Christmas list of many a holiday shopper.
Insurer Jardine issues warning Shares in the UK #39;s largest insurance broker Jardine Lloyd Thompson (JLT) have taken a tumble after the firm issued a profits warning.
DATA VIEW:Hong Kong Economy Began To Slow In 3rd Quarter HONG KONG (Dow Jones)--Hong Kong #39;s economy began a widely anticipated slowdown in the third quarter of 2004, according to official figures issued Friday, as consumers started to cut back on spending in the face of growing uncertainties.
Diplomats: Iran Uranium Dispute Resolved (AP) AP - Iran and European negotiators have apparently salvaged a deal committing Tehran to freezing all parts of a program that can make nuclear-weapons grade uranium, diplomats said Friday.
B.C. resident facing charges after bull elk killed in Jasper National Park (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - JASPER, Alta. (CP) - A man from British Columbia is facing charges after a large bull elk was illegally shot and killed in Jasper National Park.
Philips begins making PCs again after ten year hiatus Dutch electronics firm Philips has joined forces with UK electrical retailer Dixons Group to launch Philips-Freeline, a range of home entertainment personal computers in Europe.
Swift hunt for black holes now on The National Aeronautics and Space Administration (Nasa) launched a space observatory named Swift last week to scan the universe for violent celestial explosions that astronomers believe represent the birth screams of black holes.
Smart phone predicts owner #39;s behaviour US boffins are developing mobile phones which learn user #39;s daily habits so that they can become  quot;mobile digital secretaries quot;.
Golovin ready for Russia All eyes will be on Tatiana Golovin of France when she faces Anastasia Myskina in the Fed Cup final on Saturday. The Moscow-born 16-year-old has returned to Russia for the first time this week, and will play 
Birdies ease pain for injured Zhang Despite a hip injury, Chinese golfer Zhang Lianwei shot a three-under par 69 in his first round of the Volvo China Open in Shanghai.
No one beats a 73 in Korea, where Yang leads Harrington by two South Korea #39;s Eun-yong Yang shot a 3-over 75 in difficult conditions Friday on the rainy and windswept Jungmun course to take the second-round lead in the Shinhan Korea Golf Championship, which is sanctioned by the PGA Tour.
Aston Villa (A) Tue 28 Dec Sir Alex Ferguson is asking his players to use the next five weeks to lay the foundations for a New Year title push. United play six league matches between now and the turn of the year, and Ferguson wants 
Four Ex-Gurkhas Killed in Baghdad Four former Gurkhas working for a London-based security firm were killed in an attack in Baghdad, the Foreign Office said today. The attack, in which around 15 other 
Francophone Summit to Focus on Ivory Coast Heads of state from French-speaking nations are gathering in the west African nation of Burkina Faso for a two-day summit to discuss the crisis in Ivory Coast.
French group seeks Ivorian peace A summit of French-speaking nations will now concentrate on the civil war in Ivory Coast, ministers say.
Saudi women take to the skies A Saudi woman has been offered a contract as the country's first female aircraft pilot.
US Airways Union Mails Strike Ballots The union representing flight attendants on Friday said it mailed more than 5,000 strike authorization ballots to its members employed by US Airways as both sides continued talks that are expected to stretch through the weekend.
Woolworths sees \$A3.5b per year liquor sales SYDNEY: Australia #39;s biggest supermarket operator Woolworths Ltd said yesterday it sees its liquor sales this financial year rising to \$A3.5 billion, including its recent acquisition in Queensland, from \$A2.1 billion in fiscal 2004.
Will VHS go the way of the dinosaur? IT is official - the VHS home video format will share the fate of its one-time competitor Betamax and go the way of the dinosaur. All over the world, Video Home System - which lets people record and watch 
UPDATE 1-Liverpool manager against Everton ground-share Manager Rafael Benitez is opposed to Liverpool sharing their proposed new stadium with city rivals Everton. Officials from the two Premier League clubs 
Judge convicts Juventus doctor, acquits team chairman in doping &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; A Juventus team doctor was convicted Friday for administering banned substances to players on the famed Italian soccer team during the 1990s.
Euro's flight turns up pressure on ECB to act (AFP) AFP - With the rise of the euro fast becoming a threat to economic recovery in the 12-country eurozone, calls are growing for the European Central Bank to clip the single currency's wings, either by direct intervention or a cut in interest rates.
Microsoft hopeful December will see suspension of EU antitrust &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; A decision on whether to suspend the EU antitrust ruling against Microsoft will be taken between 18 and 20 December. The testimonies brought against Microsoft by Novell and the Computer and Communications 
Husky Energy shares up on takeover talk TORONTO - Shares of Husky Energy Inc. rose more than four per cent on Friday amid talk of a takeover of the Calgary-based oil company by the Chinese government.
Black Friday sets tone for retail season If youre reading this, congratulations! You have survived Black Friday, the retail worlds nickname for the day after Thanksgiving.
Jardine Lloyd tumbles after warning, CEO resignation LONDON (CBS.MW) -- British insurer Jardine Lloyd Thompson (UK:JLT) saw its shares fall almost 16 percent after it warned it expects fiscal year pretax profit to fall below market estimates and its chief executive quit.
Family feud over control of India #39;s leading business group &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; NEW DELHI (AFP) - The rift in India #39;s Ambani family which controls India #39;s biggest private enterprise group Reliance deepened as elder brother Mukesh rejected his younger brother #39;s objections to a change in their management roles, a report said.
P1-B deficit cut seen with better eco outlook The countrys economic managers on Friday announced a tremendously improved economic outlook for the country this year owing to improved revenue collection that could trim the P197-billion 
Britons Offered 'Real' Windows XP (AP) AP - Owners of pirated copies of Microsoft Corp.'s Windows XP operating system can trade them in for the real thing as part of a bid by the software giant to fight counterfeiting.
3 Giants Create New Online Music Service (AP) AP - Three major recording companies have agreed to make their music available to be shared and sold over a new online file-swapping service that aims to lure music fans away from rival services where trading of music and movies remains unfettered.
Chicago to Sell City-Related Items on EBay (AP) AP - City officials hope there are people willing to pay plenty of money to own a vintage Playboy Bunny costume, toss green dye into the Chicago River or throw a dinner party prepared by Oprah Winfrey's chef.
The Sites Before Christmas (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - Face it, shopaholics -- the Internet drains much of the fun out of holiday shopping and replaces it with ice-cold efficiency. Who wouldn't rather stroll through Neiman Marcus or Best Buy with their best buddy than sit solo in front of a computer, eyeballing page after page of tiny pictures showing what you could reach out and touch at real malls?
Sony Unprepared for Flat TV Demand (Reuters) Reuters - Sony, the world's largest\consumer-electronics group, is having trouble meeting soaring\demand for flat televisions as its assembly lines did not gear\up quickly enough, a senior official said on Friday.
Britons offered  #39;real #39; Windows XP LONDON -- Owners of pirated copies of Microsoft Corp. #39;s Windows XP operating system can trade them in for the real thing as part of a bid by the software giant to fight counterfeiting.
After a Decade, Philips Makes PCs Again After an absence of a decade, Philips Electronics is making personal computers again, the company said on Thursday. The Netherlands-based electronics conglomerate, which abandoned the 
Bofra exploit ticks away at Microsoft After more than two weeks of investigating the IFRAME Bofra exploit, Microsoft has yet to announce when it will be able to fix the problem.
Japan's top cellphone operator to abolish second generation by 2012 (AFP) AFP - Japan's top cellphone operator NTT DoCoMo said it will stop offering second-generation service by 2012 as third generation (3G) technology featuring Internet and real-time video goes mainstream.
Liverpool and Everton to hold groundshare talks Sports minister Richard Caborn says he has been asked to convene a meeting between Liverpool and neighbours Everton over sharing a new stadium.
England cricketers head for Zimbabwe The tour is going ahead after a ban on several British journalists was lifted but the first of five one-day matches had to be called off.
Champs Play Catch-up as Title Hopes Dim Setting their sights on the ultimate European club prize may be an honorable quest but not when at the expense of the Bundesliga title they already hold.
EU to go it alone on nuclear project, if no deal with Japan (AFP) AFP - EU countries reiterated that they intended to press ahead with the construction of a pioneering nuclear energy project in France if talks with Japan, which also wants to host the facility, fail to reach a conclusion, EU sources said.
Jailed militant to seek office Firebrand uprising leader Marwan Barghouthi has decided to run for Palestinian President from his Israeli jail cell, says an official of his Fatah faction.
Wind Industry Bids to Win Over Doubters (Reuters) Reuters - The European wind energy industry,\thriving as climate change tops the global agenda, says it\could eventually supply all the continent's electricity, but\must first overcome public resistance over eyesore turbines.
Report Urges Hazmat Inspection Improvement (AP) AP - The government needs to do a better job monitoring and inspecting hazardous materials shipped aboard airlines, according to a report released Friday by the Transportation Department's inspector general.
Study: Dead Cicadas Boost Soil Nutrients (AP) AP - Even in death, the 17-year cicadas made their mark. Their decaying carcasses gave a super-size boost in nutrients to forest soil and stimulated seed and nitrogen production in a plant important to the forest ecosystem, researchers reported in Friday's issue of the journal Science.
Agency 'slow tackling jam misery' Motorists suffer daily traffic jams because the Highways Agency has been slow in tackling the problem, a report says.
E. Jordan Hospitalized Wizards coach Eddie Jordan was hospitalized Thursday after being diagnosed with a blood clot in his left leg, the team said.
Sapphire Hybrid X700 Pro graphics card &lt;strong&gt;Review&lt;/strong&gt; Stuck between rock, hard place?
Pakistan Authorities Ban Issue of Newsweek (AP) AP - Pakistani authorities have banned an issue of Newsweek magazine for publishing material they said was offensive to Islam, local media reported Friday.
No half measures with Half-Life 2 Installation bugs barely dent the greatness of Half-Life 2, says reviewer James Bregman.
Top Iraq groups demand poll delay Several leading Iraqi political parties call for national elections scheduled for 30 January to be delayed.
TiVo Pop-Up Ads Raise Consumer Concerns Digital video recording pioneer TiVo Inc. has long promised "TV Your Way." But the company's plans for pop-up ads and restrictions on copying have sparked worries that the service may be eroding consumer control in favor of Hollywood and advertiser interests.
3 Giants Create New Online Music Service Three major recording companies have agreed to make their music available to be shared and sold over a new online file-swapping service that aims to lure music fans away from rival services where trading of music and movies remains unfettered.
4x4s 'should carry health warning' Four-wheel drive vehicles are so polluting they should carry a cigarette-style health warning, a think tank says.
Husky Energy Surges After Report of Talks With China (Update2) Shares of Husky Energy Inc., a Canadian oil and natural-gas producer controlled by Hong Kong billionaire Li Ka-shing, surged after a newspaper reported that the Chinese government is in talks to buy the company.
Jardine Lloyd Profit to Fall; Chief Executive Quits (Update4) Jardine Lloyd Thompson Plc, the UK #39;s biggest publicly traded insurance broker, said Chief Executive Steve McGill quit and profit will decline this year because of a difficult #39; #39; second half.
Report: ICC lifts two-match ban on Ganguly The International Cricket Council (ICC) has lifted the two-Test ban on Sourav Ganguly which was slapped on him for slow over rate during the India-Pakistan match on November 13.
Hendrie back for Villa Midfielder Lee Hendrie will return from a one-match suspension to the Aston Villa starting line-up against Manchester City in the Barclays Premiership tomorrow.
Man hacks 8 kids to death Beijing - Police were on Friday hunting for a man who broke into a high school dormitory in central China and hacked eight pupils to death in the bloodiest of a series of knife attacks at Chinese schools in recent months.
Myanmar says thousands of prisoners freed Myanmar #39;s military government says it has released thousands of people from jail as promised, but there appeared few political prisoners among those emerging from Yangon #39;s notorious Insein prison.
Letter reveals reason behind the Ambani feud NEW DELHI: The real reasons behind the discord between the two Ambani brothers are slowly coming to light. At the core is the agenda of a Reliance Industries board meeting that took place on July 27, 04, and 
Philippines budget deficit likely below ceiling MANILA - Improved revenue flows and increased electricity tariffs are likely to help the Philippines keep well within the 2004 budget and consolidated public sector deficit targets, officials said.
Bank of Mexico Tightens Monetary Policy The Bank of Mexico tightened its monetary policy Friday for the eighth time this year, pushing up local interest rates to counter rising inflation expectations.
Outsourced crash holds up benefits payments A routine software upgrade of desktop PCs at the Department of Work and Pensions has left 80 of the ministry #39;s computers unable to send or receive e-mails.
New Bofra Attack May Be a Sign of Things to Come On 20 November 2004, a major malicious-code attack emerged targeting European Web sites via banner ads. This two-step attack exploits two previously identified security vulnerabilities: the Bofra (or IFRAME 
It #39;s not just a cellphone, it #39;s an advisor Students at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology are testing a cellphone system that turns your ordinary phone into a true companion/advisor.
Firefox Browser Takes Market Share From Microsoft #39;s IE Although Microsoft has nearly 90 of the browser market, its share is down a full five points since May of this year. Mozilla Firefox is doing the damage, with 5.6 million copies downloaded in the last two weeks.
NSS hails NASA budget for 2005 - Agency must now prove that it is &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The National Space Society today hailed Congress on its foresight to fully fund the NASA budget for FY2005. The budget, which allocates \$16.2 billion to the agency, means that NASA will be full speed ahead 
Two-Test ban on India #39;s skipper Sourav Ganguly lifted Friday The International Cricket Council on Friday revoked a two-Test ban on Indian captain Sourav Ganguly, enabling him to lead his country in the second and final test against South Africa starting next week, officials said.
UN suspends food aid operations in Darfur The World Food Program announced on Thursday that it was forced to cease its food relief operations in most of the Sudanese state of North Darfur due to the renewed clashes in the war-torn region.
Strict security for moonlit viewing of Taj : Agra, Nov 26 : Strict security arrangements have been put in place for night viewing of the Taj Mahal tomorrow and Sunday following the Supreme Court #39;s decision to allow opening of the monument of love on moonlit nights.
WTO Approves US Trade Sanctions The World Trade Organization has authorized seven countries to levy multi-million dollar sanctions on US imports. A spokesman in Geneva Friday said the European Union, India, Japan, South Korea 
Treasuries Lower on China US Debt Report Treasury prices sank on Friday as reports the Chinese authorities might be shedding some of their US debt holdings sparked fears of broader selling from Asian central banks.
EU Court Sets Talks in Case Against Microsoft A top European court has summoned all the parties involved in the European Union #39;s antitrust case against Microsoft to a meeting in Luxembourg on Thursday after two prominent opponents of Microsoft withdrew from the proceedings, a court official has said.
Chip Sales Rise 1.5 Pct in October from September Worldwide semiconductor sales rose a scant 1.5 percent in October, to \$18.8 billion from \$18.5 billion in September, as many chip users pared bloated inventories, the Semiconductor Industry Association said on Friday.
Retailers, Steel Help Stocks End Week Up Stocks inched higher on Friday in lackluster post-Thanksgiving trading, helped by steel producers amid concerns of a steel shortage and retailers as consumers piled into 
Procter  amp; Gamble Recalling SweepVac The Swiffer SweepVac, a battery-operated vacuum cleaner distributed by Procter  amp; Gamble Co., is being voluntarily recalled due to a smoke and fire risk, the US Consumer Product Safety Commission (CPSC) said on Friday.
UPDATE 1-WR Grace says grand jury indictment likely WR Grace  amp; Co. (GRA.N: Quote, Profile, Research) said on Friday it was likely to be indicted during the first quarter of 2005 by a federal grand jury investigating its former vermiculite 
Target Bell-Ringer Ban Will Cost Salvation Army Millions SAN DIEGO -- The Salvation Army is preparing for what may be its leanest holiday kettle drive, because Target stores won #39;t allow the bell-ringers back this year.
Shoppers Flood the Malls, Surf Internet Americans stormed the nation #39;s shops the day after Thanksgiving, the traditional start of the holiday shopping season, lured by cut-price toys and consumer electronics.
Alltel buys assets from Cingular; swaps market interests NEW YORK, November 26 (newratings.com) - Alltel Corporation (AT.NYS) has reached a definitive agreement to acquire certain assets from Cingular Wireless for \$170 million in cash, while the two companies have agreed to swap partnership interests in 
Avoid These Dangerous Toys! Despite passage of the 1994 Child Safety Protection Act, hazardous toys can still be found on toy store shelves across the country, according to a nationwide toy safety survey released by the US Public Interest Research Group (US PIRG).
Report urges hazmat inspection improvement WASHINGTON -- The government needs to do a better job monitoring and inspecting hazardous materials shipped aboard airlines, according to a report released Friday by the Transportation Department #39;s inspector general.
Global Warming Continues The report confirms that the Arctic, as a whole, and particularly the Canadian Arctic, is warming, at a rate almost twice that of lower latitudes and that the warming will accelerate in the decades to come.
DoCoMo turns to mm02 for a UK i-mode data service Japanese mobile giant DoCoMo has turned to mmO2 to offer its i-mode data service, according to sources. Reuters reports a source confirming a basic agreement to launch the service following mmO2 #39;s CEO Peter 
Cricket: The openers we #39;re heartily sick of seeing Justin Langer #39;s most treasured piece of memorabilia is a photograph of the Hobart scoreboard on one cloudy afternoon in 2001. The archetypal Aussie scrapper, Langer is particularly 
Wenger hits back at Hiddink Arsene Wenger has responded to Gus Hiddink #39;s suggestion that he is a moaner by accusing the Dutchman of letting emotion get the better of him.
Grizzlies Coach Retires for Health Reasons Memphis Grizzlies coach Hubie Brown talks to a reporter after a workout Jan. 8, 2004, in Seattle. Brown retired as coach of the Grizzlies on Thursday, Nov. 25, 2004, due to health reasons.
Mourinho rules out move for Defoe LONDON, England -- Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho has moved quickly to rule out a move for Tottenham striker Jermaine Defoe though he admires the talent of the young England star.
Bush intervention raises Northern Ireland hopes Hopes of a breakthrough in the Northern Ireland peace process rose on Friday as George W. Bush personally intervened to try to persuade the warring factions to strike a historic power-sharing deal.
Security Firm Tribute to Ex-Gurkhas Killed by Baghdad Rockets The London-based security firm which employed four former Gurkhas killed in a rocket attack on their compound in Baghdad tonight paid tribute to them as brave and professional individuals.
Harry flies home on kidnap rumour PRINCE Harry has flown home from Argentina amid allegations that his behaviour had sparked an extraordinary plot to kidnap him. According to reports, officials were so concerned that they called British Embassy 
Wounded Mexican police appear day after 9 people found shot near &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Two federal police agents were discovered wounded but alive on Friday near Cancun, a day after nine other people in the area were found slain in what appeared to be drug-related violence.
Australia unlikely to sign non-aggression pact with ASEAN &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Australian Prime Minister John Howard said on Friday that Australia is unlikely to sign a non-aggression treaty with the members of the Association of SoutheastAsian Nations (ASEAN).
US Air, GE Reach Deal on Plane Leases (Reuters) Reuters - Bankrupt US Airways Group\Inc.. said Friday it has reached a new aircraft lease\and financing deal with General Electric Co.  that could\extend the carrier's lifeline further into next year, if it\could quickly secure new cost cuts.
Wal-Mart Clarifies Policy Regarding Unions (AP) AP - Although Wal-Mart prefers to handle labor negotiations directly with individual employees, the world's largest retailer does not have a global anti-union policy, a company spokeswoman said Friday.
Holiday Shoppers Take to the Malls Holiday shoppers, intent on finding bargains, descended on the Washington region's malls this morning, joining a nationwide shopping spree that has come to be known as Black Friday.
Yukos to Devise Emergency Plan to Continue Operating The Russian oil giant Yukos said today that its management was putting together an emergency plan to continue running the company for a few months, even after the auction of its prize asset in December.
Ohio State Says It Didn't OK Paper Writing (AP) AP - Claims by more former Ohio State football players that tutors wrote papers for them and fans arranged easy jobs don't indicate NCAA violations because the university didn't sanction or arrange the help, an athletics department spokesman said Friday.
Raptors Increase Security After Threat (AP) AP - A threat made against Toronto Raptors guard Vince Carter caused the team to increase security at last Wednesday's game against the New York Knicks.
Tech's Passing Attack Meets OSU's Rushinng (AP) AP - No. 23 Oklahoma State has a plan to halt Texas Tech's prolific passing attack. "Being in position and bringing them down where they catch it, or breaking the ball out of the receiver's hands," Cowboys coach Les Miles said. "Couple that with getting a pass rush, and that is what we worked on this past week."
Wal-Mart, Toys R #39; Us Lure Shoppers With Discounts (Update6) US retailers including Wal-Mart Stores Inc. and Toys R #39; #39; Us Inc. opened as early as 5 am, greeted by lines of customers waiting to buy discounted merchandise including \$17.99 DVD players as the holiday-shopping season began.
Another Pacer involved in brawl Police in Michigan said a fourth member of the Indiana Pacers was involved in the fight with fans last week. Authorities said reserve center David Harrison, punched an elderly man in the stands.
Harry hurries home after kidnap scare Prince Harry, the younger son of Britain #39;s Prince Charles, returned home yesterday from a private stay in Argentina amid reports that he had cut his stay short after shots were fired not far from his lodgings.
Aborigines Burn Police Station on Island An angry mob of Australian Aborigines burned a police station and court house Friday on a remote island that has been rocked by unrest since an indigenous man died in police custody, police said.
US treasuries dumping report sends greenback into a tailspin The US dollar hit a record low against the euro and a nearly five-year low versus the yen after a mainland business newspaper appeared at first glance to confirm the market #39;s worst fears - that China was dumping US Treasuries.
Global chip sales to remain flat this quarter NEW YORK, November 26 (newratings.com) - The Semiconductor Industry Association (SIA) expects global semiconductor sales to remain sequentially flat in the current quarter, while reiterating its forecasts of at least 28 y/y growth in worldwide chip 
Steelmakers, Retails Buoy Stocks US stocks eked out small gains on Friday, buoyed by steel producers amid concerns about a shortage of the metal, and retailers, as consumers shopped hard on so-called  quot;Black Friday quot; -- considered the start of the traditional holiday 
Russia meets defending champ France for Fed Cup title Moscow, Russia (Sports Network) - Russia and France will meet for the Fed Cup title this weekend at Krylatskoe Ice Stadium in a rematch of last year #39;s semifinals.
High schools address sportsmanship in wake of Pacers brawl INDIANAPOLIS Some high school athletic administrators are saying that sportsmanship took a beating in the Indiana Pacers #39; brawl with rowdy fans in Detroit.
Seventeen political parties demand postponement of elections Seventeen political parties on Friday demanded postponement of the Jan. 30 elections for at least six months until the government is capable of securing polling places.
Indonesian President Visits War-Torn Northern Province Indonesia #39;s recently-elected president has visited the country #39;s war-torn province of Aceh, the scene of one of Asia #39;s longest-running separatist rebellions.
Push to postpone Iraqi elections spreads BAGHDAD - Several Iraqi political parties on Friday called on the interim government to postpone the January national election for at least six months, until the safety of voters can be guaranteed.
Riots erupt after Aboriginal man dies in custody An angry mob of nearly 300 Aborigines who went on the rampage on an island off the Queensland coast today burnt down a police station and threatened to kill its officers as well as several local council officials.
Flatten insurgents in one place, and they pop up elsewhere A week after a top American general said the offensive in Fallujah had  quot;broken the back of the insurgency quot; in Iraq, guerrillas are still fighting hard, and US troops are scrambling to stamp out new waves of attacks.
Russia, France Set Final Fed Cup Meeting Saturday Russia and France swept to 5-0 wins Thursday at the Fed Cup semifinals in Moscow, setting up a meeting for the title in the Saturday-Sunday final.
EQUATORIAL GUINEA: Foreign coup plotters given long jail terms LIBREVILLE, 26 November (IRIN) - A South African mercenary was found guilty Friday of leading a failed coup against the president of oil-rich Equatorial Guinea and sentenced to 34 years in jail, police and court sources said.
Obama: Not Quite Ready for History Books (AP) AP - On the eve of taking office, the most watched new arrival in the nation's capital says it's way too early to talk about his place in history.
Byrd call: WTO approves sanctions against US over antidumping law The World Trade Organization has authorized punitive sanctions against US exports ranging from lobsters to crane trucks because Washington has failed to repeal the so-called Byrd amendment.
Dollar hits new low against euro The euro surged to a new high against the US dollar for the fourth straight day Friday, although the greenback rose off its low point.
Posco stock hits lifetime high on Nissan order SEOUL: Shares in Posco hit a lifetime high early on Friday, after Japanese carmaker Nissan Motor sought more steel shipments from the worlds fifth-largest steel maker.
Paul Martin continues to hope for survivors among 150 missing Canadians (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - TORONTO (CP) - It has been more than a week without word from the 150 Canadians listed as missing in Asia's tsunami disaster, but Prime Minister Paul Martin says he continues to hold out hope that some will be found alive.
Salvation Army prepared for tough fund-raising season ST. PAUL - The Salvation Army of Minnesota and North Dakota is preparing for a fight to reach its fundraising goals this holiday season after Target Stores announced this fall that it won #39;t allow bellringers outside its doors.
Chinese government in bid to buy Canadian oil giant from tycoon Li &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; TORONTO (AFP) - China #39;s government has launched a new bid to buy Canadian oil and gas giant Husky Energy Inc. from Hong Kong tycoon Li Ka Shing, a report said.
Cell phones increasingly vulnerable to hackers Early this month, several Web sites began offering software promising ringtones and screensavers for certain cell phones. But those who downloaded the software 
Chelsea Deny Chasing Defoe Chelsea have followed Tottenham in pouring cold water on rumours that England striker Jermain Defoe was set for a switch across London.
UA FOOTBALL: Cat has special incentive to beat Devils Freshman receiver BJ Dennard has two relatives, best friend who are or were ASU players. University of Arizona receiver BJ Dennard has maroon and gold in his blood, but he will be wearing a blue Wildcats jersey for the game today.
Item No 17: Mukesh got authority over all directors MUMBAI: The redrawing of lines of authority in Reliance seems to have sparked off the current discord between the two Ambani brothers.
Langer plays down Hayden walking row Justin Langer has defended his Australian opening batting partner Matthew Hayden #39;s decision not to walk after hitting a catch back to New Zealand bowler Paul Wiseman on day one of the second Test in Adelaide yesterday.
Arizona St. Sun Devils TUCSON, Arizona (Ticker) -- No. 20 Arizona State tries to post its first three-game winning streak over Pac-10 Conference rival Arizona in 26 years when they meet Friday.
Arena on MU campus now just Mizzou Arena The University of Missouri Board of Curators today voted unanimously to rename the former Paige Sports Arena on the Columbia campus to Mizzou Arena.
Iraqi election date thrown into fresh doubt Iraq #39;s elections were thrown into renewed doubt only days after the interim government won international backing for its decision to hold the poll at the end of January.
Police underestimated Palm Island crisis Queensland Police Commissioner Bob Atkinson has admitted he underestimated the situation on Palm Island in north Queensland in the lead-up to yesterday #39;s riots.
Darfur: 300,000 displaced persons cut off from all aid following &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; 26 November 2004 - The United Nations emergency feeding agency said today that the security situation in western Sudans Darfur region was deteriorating rapidly with 300,000 displaced people cut off from all aid following a rebel attack earlier this 
Taj by winter night, under security blanket AGRA: Strict security arrangements have been put in place for night viewing of the Taj Mahal tomorrow and Sunday following the Supreme Court #39;s decision to allow opening of the monument of love on moonlit nights.
Bush Tries to Help Break N.Irish Peace Deadlock (Reuters) Reuters - President Bush tried to help break a\deadlock in the Northern Ireland peace process on Friday,\telephoning Protestant leader Ian Paisley as negotiations\ground on in London and Belfast.
Man detained after eight teenagers killed in China school knife attack (AFP) AFP - Chinese police have detained a man who they say murdered eight teenagers and injured four others in a school dormitory overnight, state press said.
U.N. Bolstering Troops on Congo Border (Reuters) Reuters - The United Nations is sending\extra peacekeepers to Congo's North Kivu province, which will\improve security in the area after Rwanda threatened to carry\out a strike against rebels operating on Congolese soil, a U.N.\spokesman said on Wednesday.
S Korea rebuked over nuke tests Seoul is criticised by the IAEA but escapes referral to the UN Security Council over secret nuclear experiments.
US Promises to Protect Trade Interests Barry Virkler tosses an apple while sorting Cortland apples before they are put in cold storage at North Star Orchards Tuesday, Sept.
Mavericks Defeat Trail Blazers, 92-83 (AP) AP - Marquis Daniels had a block, a steal and three straight assists in a just over a two-minute span in the fourth quarter Friday, helping push the Dallas Mavericks to a 92-83 win over the Portland Trail Blazers that ended a three-game losing streak.
Off-Court Woes Burden Cavaliers' Wagner (AP) AP - Dajuan Wagner often wonders how so many things went wrong at once.
Hubie meets press; no details on health Hubie Brown appeared at a news conference Friday but did not elaborate on the health issues that led to his retirement as coach of the Memphis Grizzlies.
Raptors increase security after threat made against Carter A threat made against Toronto Raptors guard Vince Carter caused the team to increase security at last Wednesday #39;s game against the New York Knicks.
Ivory Coast snubs Francophone summit after spat Ivory Coast angrily pulled out of a summit of French-speaking countries on Friday after police in the host nation Burkina Faso confiscated 
Internet Explorer gets Finnish Thumbs Down Not for the first time does Internet Explorer users got a warning from a government organization. US-CERT released similar warnings in June this year, following a malware attack, which affected Internet Explorer 
Police conduct investigation on Carter threat CBC SPORTS ONLINE - The Toronto police are taking a threat made against Vince Carter seriously. Toronto Police Detective Sgt. Sneddon of the 52 Division told Sportsnet.
AD says university did nothing wrong Ohio State wants to interview former players who have corroborated Maurice Clarett #39;s allegations of improprieties within the football program.
Lions #39; Drummond out for season Detroit, MI (Sports Network) - Detroit Lions kick returner Eddie Drummond will miss the remainder of the season after fracturing his shoulder blade during Thursday #39;s 41-9 loss to the Indianapolis Colts.
Slutskaya leads after short program Olympic silver medalist and 2002 world champion Irina Slutskaya presented an almost flawless program to take the lead after the short program at the Cup of Russia on Friday.
Bush Vows to Work on WTO Compliance, Blasts Airbus (Reuters) Reuters - President Bush pledged on\Friday to work with Congress to comply with a WTO ruling in a\row over payment of anti-dumping duties to U.S. companies, and\said he expected the trade body to hold Europe to account over\"unfair" subsidies to aircraft maker Airbus .
Holiday shopping season kicks off They lined up in Georgia, braved the cold in Connecticut, and tried to stay awake in Chicago. From coast to coast shoppers rushed to the stores -- and they were enthusiastic in Seattle.
SEC OK #39;s AGL Purchase of NUI Corp. Natural gas utility AGL Resources Inc. on Friday said the Securities and Exchange Commission approved its purchase of financially troubled NUI Corp.
76ers Slip by Wizards 116-114 in Overtime (AP) AP - Allen Iverson stole an inbound pass, drove down the court and made a layup at the buzzer, giving the Philadelphia 76ers a 116-114 overtime victory over the Washington Wizards on Friday.
Man United confident of catching up on Chelsea Manchester United is confident they can catch up nine points on Premier League leader Chelsea. First they have to win their third match in a row for the first time this season.
Mets Hire Former Yankees Hitting Coach (AP) AP - Former New York Yankees hitting coach Rick Down was hired for the same job by the Mets on Friday, reuniting him with new manager Willie Randolph.
Iraqi Political Groups Call for Delay in Vote Leading Iraqi political groups are calling on the interim government to delay national elections scheduled for January 30, because of ongoing violence in the country.
Ontario to require 5 ethanol in gas by 2007 CHATHAM, Ont. - A plan to make Ontario gas more ecologically friendly by containing at least five per cent ethanol won #39;t mean all pumps provincewide are serving up cleaner gas, Premier Dalton McGuinty admitted Friday.
Chip sales up 1.5 percent in October Organizations are replacing aging servers with newer more-powerful boxes, often Linux--based, and theyre also investing in storage.
Japanese Stocks Lower as Banks Retreat  TOKYO (Reuters) - Japan's Nikkei average was down 0.19  percent by mid-morning on Tuesday, the first trading day of  2005, as investors grabbed profits in Mizuho Financial Group  and other major banks that had made strong gains late last  year.
More Internet Users Surfing Away From Microsoft #39;s Explorer Like millions of computer users, Bob Davis found out the hard way that Microsoft #39;s Internet Explorer has security flaws.  quot;My computer was taken over with viruses and spyware and so, unfortunately, I had to reformat my entire hard drive, quot; Davis said.
MetroStars Add Some Savvy At 36, Jeff Agoos comes east to the MetroStars, a team that gave up the most goals in the M.L.S. last season.
Sorenstam to Play Woods in Skins Game (AP) AP - Annika Sorenstam is mixing it up with the men again, and this time the competition includes Tiger Woods. Sorenstam and Woods will play against each other for the first time when they tee off Saturday in the Skins Game at the Trilogy Golf Club in the middle of the desert.
Split Could Cost Iraqi Shiites Politically (AP) AP - As Iraq's Sunni Muslims ponder boycotting the Jan. 30 election and some press for a delay, the majority Shiite Muslims face another threat to their expected victory: a split in Shiite ranks that could cost them the chance to dominate the next parliament.
Mystic crocodiles draw thousands of devotees in southern Pakistan (AFP) AFP - Crocodiles with huge teeth-filled mouths lie in the sand and slap their snouts on the edge of sulfur springs, greeting worshippers who journey to the Mango Pir shrine on the outskirts of Pakistan's volatile port city Karachi.
Giving doctors more support crucial to health reform, council head says (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - HALIFAX (CP) - Giving family doctors more support by spreading out the burden of primary care is crucial to reforming Canada's health-care system, says the head of a council evaluating nationwide efforts to improve medicare.
Upstarts Try to Make Name in Online Travel (AP) AP - Like a lot of frequent travelers, Kevin Pollard relies on the Internet to save money on airfares, hotel rooms and rental cars. The quest generally took him to the Web's most popular travel sites  #151; Orbitz, Travelocity and Expedia  #151; until he discovered a new breed of specialty search engines that promise to dig up even better bargains.
Recording Industry, File-Share Face Off (AP) AP - The next chapter in the global legal battle between the recording industry and file-sharing services is due to unfold here Monday when the owners of the hugely popular Kazaa software go on trial on civil copyright infringement charges.
Blowing the Whistle Can Bring Big Bucks (AP) AP - Crime may not pay, but blowing the whistle on companies that swindle the government sure can. Jim Alderson got  #36;20 million in one settlement and split  #36;100 million with another whistleblower in a related case, both involving Medicare fraud by the nation's largest for-profit hospital chain and a company it acquired.
The Squeeze On BlackBerry (BusinessWeek Online) BusinessWeek Online - Mike Lazaridis and James L. Balsillie, the co-CEOs of Research in Motion Ltd. (RIM.) (RIM), have plenty of reason to feel on top of the world. After 20 years spent in the quiet university town of Waterloo, Ont., developing technology to deliver wireless e-mail, their BlackBerry gizmo is an outright phenom. What the iPod is to mobile music lovers, the BlackBerry is to workers on the go. For the fiscal year ending in February, company sales should more than double, to  #36;1. ...
Open Source Leader Takes Sun's Schwartz to Task (Ziff Davis) Ziff Davis - Open-source leader Eric Raymond spells out his objections to Sun President Jonathan Schwartz's contention that the Java Community Process is truer to open-source ideas than is Linux.
Carbon Storage Comes to Disused Texas Oil Fields (Reuters) Reuters - A short distance from Spindletop oil\field, the site of the gusher that triggered the Texas oil rush\more than a century ago, scientists have found a purpose for\the long-disused underground reservoirs -- as storage for the\pollution emitted by burning fossil fuels.
76ers 116, Wizards 114, OT Allen Iverson stole an inbound pass, drove down the court and made a layup at the buzzer, giving the Philadelphia 76ers a 116-114 overtime victory over the Washington Wizards on Friday.
Nieto hired to coach catchers NEW YORK -- The New York Mets hired former New York Yankees hitting coach Rick Down for the same job on Friday, reuniting him with new manager Willie Randolph.
Missouri puts school nickname on arena The University of Missouri renamed its new sports arena with the school nickname Friday, just days after the original namesake, a 22-year-old Wal-Mart heiress, was accused of academic cheating at another college.
Fan v Fan: Internazionale-Juventus This weekend sees one of the big games of Serie A - a Milan-Turin clash between Inter and Juventus. Both sides are doing well in the Champions League -ut Juve lead the way in Serie A. Goal.
Abbas Gets Boost in Bid for Palestinian Presidency (Update2) Mahmoud Abbas #39;s nomination for Palestinian Authority president received a boost from reports that a jailed Fatah party leader, Marwan Barghouti, wouldn #39;t challenge his bid and had endorsed his candidacy.
Iraq considering petition to postpone January #39;s elections Iraq #39;s electoral commission said it will examine Saturday a request by 15 leading political parties for the Jan. 30 elections to be postponed by six months.
Harry hurries back home after attack LONDON, Nov. 26. - Prince Harry arrived home from Argentina today amid media reports that shots were fired at the ranch where he was staying.
Maker recalls 175,000 Swiffer vacuums CINCINNATI - Swishing around the house with a battery-operated Swiffer vacuum cleaner could really fire up your housework, maker Procter  amp; Gamble Co.
NYSE suspends Gold Fields trading The South African company Gold Fields Limited announced Friday that the New York Stock Exchange has suspended trading in its stock.
Selig Rubber-Stamps Yankees' Deal for Johnson Commissioner Bud Selig returned from a vacation and promptly cleared one item off his desk, approving the Yankees' trade with the Diamondbacks for Randy Johnson.
NCAA Game Summary - Colorado at Nebraska Lincoln, NE (Sports Network) - Bobby Purify ran for 130 yards with a touchdown and Joel Klatt threw for 222 yards with a score, as Colorado kept its Big 12 title hopes alive and sent Nebraska to its first losing season in 43 years with a 26-20 victory in 
PM looks east to Asean NEW DELHI, Nov. 26. - In a major thrust to Indias Look East policy, Dr Manmohan Singh will leave for Laos on Sunday to attend the 3rd India-Asean summit scheduled to be held in Vientiane on 30 November.
News: Phishers tapping botnets to automate attacks Computer criminals are making phishing more potent by automating attacks. Anti-Phishing Working Group (APWG) analysts reckon fraudsters are using automated tools and botnets to ramp up attacks.
Columnists: Profitware Some of the largest anti-virus companies have virtually ignored the spyware problem because there is no profit incentive for them to do otherwise. Meanwhile, spyware companies make millions.
WTO paves way for retaliatory tariffs on US goods GENEVA - The World Trade Organization on Friday approved lists of US products on which Japan, five other countries and the European Union plan to levy punitive tariffs in retaliation for a US failure to repeal an illegal antidumping measure.
Shoppers Swarm Malls in Holiday Kickoff Kelsey Reynoso, a two-year-old girl, looks at toys in a catalog, as her family lines outside the KB Toys store inside the Glendale Galeria mall Friday, Nov. 26, 2004, in Glendale, Calif.
Psychiatric Solutions to Sell Shares Psychiatric Solutions Inc., an operator of mental health hospitals, said Friday that it registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission to offer 3 million common shares.
Steelers Keep Winning Despite Injuries (AP) AP - Their right guard went down early in training camp, and their star inside linebacker followed shortly after that. The veteran quarterback joined the injury list two games into the season, and their Pro Bowl nose tackle, top cornerback and best running back followed.
Colts Thrive in Grueling Four-Game Stretch (AP) AP - Indianapolis Colts defensive tackle Montae Reagor could feel the weariness long before Thursday's game at Detroit. The constant hits, the barrage of meetings, the quick pivots from game plan to game plan had already worn down his body and mind.
Moon gas could meet earths future energy demands UDAIPUR: A potential gas source found on the moons surface could hold the key to meeting future energy demands as the earths fossil fuels dry up in the coming decades, scientists said on Friday.
Apples iPod takes a bite of hip culture Short of an actual prize, one of the most coveted handouts at this years Grammy Awards, Academy Awards and MTV Video Music Awards was the iPod music player stashed in celebrity goody bags.
 quot; #39;Chang #39;e quot; flying to the moon is just round the corner: Viewpoint  quot; #39;Chang #39;e quot; #39;, is one of the most talked about names among the Chinese, this is not only because it is the name of a beautiful angel in ancient Chinese legend, who is living in the moon, but more importantly, it has become a code name of the moon- probing 
St. Louis Rams Release Punter Sean Landeta (AP) AP - Shaky special teams helped cost punter Sean Landeta his job with the St. Louis Rams.
Langer lashes out On a day made in heaven for batsmen, Stephen Fleming called wrong at the toss and all Ricky Ponting had to do was unleash hell. One down in the two-Test series, New Zealand needed 
More injuries, another QB option for woeful Bears Coping with another inept offensive showing, the Chicago Bears were ready to change quarterbacks again Friday, while trying to patch up an injury-depleted line.
Ollie out, McKie in for Sixers PHILADELPHIA (Ticker) - The Philadelphia 76ers on Friday placed guard Kevin Ollie on the injured list with a lower back strain and activated guard Aaron McKie.
Benitez against ground-share Rafael Benitez, the Liverpool manager, has voiced his opposition to the idea of Liverpool and Everton sharing a ground. Benitez feels that fans would lose their sense of identity with a club if they shared with their neighbours.
15 Iraqi Political Groups Call for Delaying Elections The call for a six-month postponement of elections planned for Jan. 30 gives a boost to a movement largely led by Sunni Arabs.
Myanmar releases 500 prisoners The Myanmar government released about 500 prisoners from the notorious Insein Prison Friday, witnesses said. There was no immediate word, however, on whether political detainees were among them.
Irish, Southern Cal Renew Storied Rivalry (AP) AP - Matt Leinart became a Notre Dame fan at age 8, when the movie "Rudy" was released.
Violent Video Games Not Meant For Children, But Parents Buy Them &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Shoppers in America spend more than \$6 billion a year on video games according to a Software Association survey. Holiday sales bring an extra boost to game 
US retailers cheer 'Black Friday' Sales on America's busiest shopping day of the year could exceed last year, retail experts believe.
EU, Japan Win WTO Support for Trade Sanctions on US (Update5) The European Union, Japan and Canada won permission from the World Trade Organization to levy tariffs on US goods to retaliate for a law that has given American companies \$750 million in customs imposed on foreign competitors.
Poutiainen edges Paerson in giant slalom; Canadian Forsyth is 11th ASPEN, Colorado (CP) - Finland #39;s Tanja Poutiainen charged down the hill on the final stretch of her second run and edged Sweden #39;s Anja Paerson by 0.09 seconds for her first World Cup giant slalom title on Friday.
Ferguson relishing clash with United old boy Robson Manchester United manager Alex Ferguson locks horns with his former captain Bryan Robson on Saturday as he bids to end a memorable week on winning note.
Saint Liam Spirited Winner of Clark Handicap Heavily favored Saint Liam repelled the challenges of Perfect Drift and Seek Gold in the stretch and pulled away to victory in the \$558,000 Clark Handicap (gr.
Royalty payout could await voices behind 'The Wall' (AFP) AFP - The youngsters who sang the chorus in "The Wall" may be pushing middle age today, but they stand to collect a tidy little sum for their vocal contribution to the Pink Floyd rock opera.
U.N. Said Not Protecting Sudan Refugees (AP) AP - The United Nations is failing to protect millions of people displaced by conflict in Sudan's Darfur region and violence in other hotspots around the world, a U.N. report said Friday.
Iran and Europe trying to save Iranian nuclear fuel suspension &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; VIENNA (AFP) - Iran and Europe continued efforts to see whether Tehran could unconditionally respect a commitment to freeze any nuclear fuel cycle work that could be diverted to produce atomic weapons.
Fresh violence engulfs Darfur EL-FASHIR, Sudan Just two weeks after the Sudanese authorities and their guerrilla enemies signed a pledge to restore security and broaden access to aid groups, a fresh surge of violence is engulfing Darfur.
U.S. Army Deserter Leaves Jail in Japan (AP) AP - U.S. Army deserter Charles Jenkins was released from military jail on Saturday after serving 25 days for abandoning his squadron in 1965 and defecting to North Korea, where he lived for nearly four decades.
Canadian observer labels Ukraine elections grotesquely fraudulent (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - EDMONTON (CP) - Canadians sent to observe elections in Ukraine saw campaign tents fire-bombed and heard of voters being roughed-up while trying to cast ballots, says the Edmonton lawyer who headed up a monitoring project.
U.S. Goods Face Penalties Oked by WTO (AP) AP - The World Trade Organization imposed penalties Friday on U.S. exports ranging from apples to textiles, escalating a trade dispute the Bush administration has struggled to defuse by unsuccessfully urging Congress to repeal legislation aimed at protecting American steelmakers.
Top Settlements Under False Claims Act (AP) AP - A sampling of top settlements under the False Claims Act, a law designed to stop fraud in government procurement contracts, and the whistleblowers who helped the government win the awards, and helping themselves as well.
US will conform to anti-dumping rules: Bush WASHINGTON: The United States said on Friday it will adhere to its international obligations on anti-dumping efforts, after the World Trade Organization gave seven trading powers, including the European Union, a final green light to levy multimillion 
CIBC  #39;disturbed #39; at word of continued faxes of client data to US &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; TORONTO (CP) - CIBC revealed Friday that it learned last month that faxes containing sensitive customer information were allegedly still arriving at a US junkyard two years after the bank thought the problem had been fixed.
Martha Stewart Omnimedia shares soar Martha Stewart Living Omnimedia Inc. stock jumped to its highest level in nearly four years on Friday following a steady climb spurred by Kmart Holding Corp.
Benefits chaos A MASSIVE computer crash at the Department of Work and Pensions has blocked payments of vital benefits to terminally-ill claimants, Tories claimed today.
Fletcher Out to Prove his Worth Darren Fletcher is determined to show Sir Alex Ferguson that he is worthy of a Manchester United place at any stage of the season, not just the end.
Reds, Toffees to share? Liverpool and Everton have scheduled talks with the Government about the possibility of sharing a new stadium. With both clubs looking to relocate and the Reds having started planning for the construction 
Sixers activate McKie from injured list Philadelphia, PA (Sports Network) - Philadelphia 76ers guard Aaron McKie was activated from the injured list prior to Friday afternoon #39;s contest against the Washington Wizards.
Windies tour may be called off CRICKET Australia cannot rule out withdrawing the invitation for the West Indies to play in this summer #39;s one-day tournament if the players #39; contract dispute is not settled.
Alpine Skiing: Miller Quickest But Not the Happiest American Bode Miller was fastest in Friday #39;s final training for the first downhill of the Alpine World Cup season. Miller, winner of the season opening giant 
Arena gets new name _ The sports arena at the University of Missouri-Columbia is no longer named after Wal-Mart heiress Elizabeth Paige Laurie. The board of curators for the four-campus University of Missouri 
Man held over China school deaths A man has been arrested in connection with the deaths of eight boys stabbed as they slept in a dormitory, Chinese officials have said.
Rockets kill four Gurkha guards in Baghdad #39;s Green Zone FOUR former Gurkhas working for a British security firm have been killed in a rocket attack in Baghdad, one of the deadliest strikes so far on the capitals high-security Green Zone.
Man held over China school deaths A man is arrested in China on suspicion of stabbing to death eight pupils at a school, officials say.
Police reviewing 'Huntley' tapes Police are considering interviewing Ian Huntley about comments he is said to have made on the Soham murders.
CIBC orders companywide halt to faxes with customer info until &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; TORONTO (CP) - Scrambling to deal with a potentially serious breach of client privacy, CIBC said late Friday it is ordering all employees to stop using the bank #39;s internal fax system to send customer information between branches or offices.
Music Biz Heads to Australia for Kazaa Trial Industry eyes are turning toward Oz as more than 50 lawyers begin waging a courtroom battle over Kazaa, the peer-to-peer technology owned by Australia-based Sharman Networks 
Stylish gadgets which have become cultural icons WHEN it comes to stylish electronic gadgets, few companies make them like Apple Computer Inc. The Apple Power Book G4 range of professional-standard notebook computers, instantly identifiable 
Iraq Officials Seek Delay for Elections US soldiers patrol in Fallujah, Iraq, Friday Nov. 26 2004. In Fallujah, insurgents ambushed US troops as they entered a home during house-to-house searches in the former rebel bastion, killing two Marines 
No more free tolls on turnpike, as strike continues HIGHSPIRE, Pa. When toll collectors went on strike on the day before Thanksgiving, drivers on the Pennsylvania Turnpike were allowed to go through the toll booths without paying -- at least, for one day.
Jardine chief quits as profits warning savages shares Jardine Lloyd Thompson, the country #39;s biggest insurance broker, issued a swingeing profits warning yesterday and announced its chief executive had quit.
Brown cites lost spirit, medical issues, as reasons for retirement Hubie Brown said he stepped down as the coach of the Memphis Grizzlies for two reasons: He lost his spirit, and because of medical issues he wants kept private.
No. 17 Rutgers 77 Oregon State 53 Chelsea Newton scored 16 points to lead No. 17 Rutgers to a 77-53 victory over Oregon State in the second round of the Paradise Jam tournament on Friday.
Iran nuclear row  #39;resolved #39; VIENNA: Iran and European negotiators reached a tentative compromise committing Tehran to freezing a programme that can make nuclear-weapons grade uranium, but Tehran still had to approve the agreement, diplomats said last night.
Du Toit gets 34 years #39; jail for Guinea coup plot A court in Equatorial Guinea found Nick du Toit, a South African former special forces soldier, guilty of a plot to overthrow the President of the oil-rich country and sentenced him to 34 years in prison yesterday.
Politicians in Iraq call for delay to elections Leading Iraqi political parties have called for forthcoming elections to be delayed because of mounting violence in the country. Fifteen political parties - including two Kurdish groups 
BBC cameraman is questioned in Kabul over hostage release A former BBC cameraman has been questioned by secret police in Kabul about his role in negotiating the release of three kidnapped UN workers.
Philips Resumes PC Manufacturing In a quiet announcement yesterday, Philips Electronics, a Netherlands-based consumer electronics company, stated it has begun manufacturing PCs once again - after an absence of nearly 10 years.
US Airways Flight Attendants Gear Up For Strike Flight attendants at bankrupt US Airways are gearing up for a possible nationwide strike, the Association of Flight Attendants said on Friday.
Double Government Computer Failure Shows Plans to Axe all &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The latest Government computer crash at the Department of Work and Pensions shows the folly of the Government plans to axe all existing emergency fire control rooms.
Bell puts  #39;em on track but now he is intent on getting Newcastles Premiership charge back on track. The strikers 10th European goal for the Toon on Thursday moved him joint second in the clubs all-time list.
Uranium negotiations are close to the end Pressured by European powers, Iranian negotiators at a key UN atomic agency meeting sought approval from their government Friday for a total freeze of a program that can make nuclear-weapons grade uranium.
No. 14 Vanderbilt Clocks Rhode Island (AP) AP - Cherish Stringfield led five Vanderbilt women in double figures, scoring 19 points to lead the No. 14 Commodores over Rhode Island 108-53 Friday.
Tigers Beat Razorbacks Marcus Randall runs for two touchdowns and throws two more to Joseph Addai, leading No. 14 LSU to a 43-14 victory over Arkansas on Friday afternoon.
Americans Rush to Stores as Holiday Season Starts (Reuters) Reuters - Americans stormed the nation's stores\on the day after Thanksgiving, the traditional start of the key\holiday shopping season, lured by cut-price toys, consumer\electronics and Santa.
Packed agenda waiting for two leaders when Bush, Martin meet in Ottawa (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - OTTAWA (CP) - It's nearly impossible to find a cohesive theme that will pull together the many threads of Tuesday's packed agenda when Prime Minister Paul Martin greets George W. Bush on the U.S. president's first official visit to Ottawa.
Iran and Europe Negotiate to Try to Save Nuclear Agreement Iran and its European partners struggled to salvage their agreement committing Tehran to freeze an important part of its nuclear program.
Longhorns Keep B.C.S. Bowl Hopes Alive Cedric Benson ran for 165 yards and a touchdown Friday to lead No. 6 Texas to their fifth straight win over their fiercest in-state rival.
Yukos abandons its fight for survival Russia #39;s embattled oil giant Yukos raised the white flag and said it would seek  quot;liquidation or bankruptcy quot; after the forced government sale of its key oilfield next month, the company said yesterday.
Jardine chief quits after profit alert The chief executive of the UK #39;s largest insurance broker quit yesterday after announcing a surprise profit warning which sent its shares to a four-year low.
P  amp; G Recalls Its  quot;Sweep Vac quot; By Swiffer Procter  amp; Gamble is recalling a battery-operated vacuum cleaner it introduced in September this year. The company reports there have been a few cases in which the rotor locked up on its  quot;Sweep Vac quot; by Swiffer 
BT unloads last satellite stake for 363m BT Group disposed yesterday of its last remaining stake in a satellite company when it sold its 15.8 holding in the Paris-based Eutelsat for 363m.
NASA Cassini Image: Oddball Moon Hyperion This image reveals the odd shape of Saturn #39;s moon Hyperion and an intriguing variation in brightness across its surface. The diameter of Hyperion is 266 kilometers (165 miles).
WTO Lets EU, Others Hit US with Trade Sanctions The World Trade Organization gave final approval on Friday to the European Union, Japan and others to hit the United States with an initial \$150 million in trade sanctions 
Retailers lure shoppers with early openings, top deals  quot;Including the engagement ring, about \$4,000, quot; said one shopper at Roosevelt Field mall early Friday morning. Engagement ring?
Olowokandi suspended for second game following arrest in &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Minnesota Timberwolves center Michael Olowokandi was suspended by the team for a second game Friday night, one day after police used a stun gun to subdue him when he refused to leave a club.
T-Wolves' Olowokandi Suspended Second Game (AP) AP - Minnesota Timberwolves center Michael Olowokandi was suspended by the team for a second game Friday night, one day after police used a stun gun to subdue him when he refused to leave a club.
Canada Post workers threaten to strike Dec. 8 during Christmas rush (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - MONTREAL (CP) - Three groups of Canada Post employees have threatened to strike during next month's annual Christmas rush.
Iran and Europe Negotiate to Try to Save Nuclear Agreement Iran and its European partners struggled on Friday to salvage their agreement committing Tehran to freeze an important part of its nuclear program, European and Iranian officials said.
Bush spurs on Irish deal US President George Bush has personally intervened in the Northern Ireland peace process to spur on the new power-sharing deal. Mr Bush telephoned Dr Rev Ian Paisley, the leader of the Democratic Unionist 
No. 21 Oklahoma Drubs Akron 88-40 (AP) AP - Lauren Shoush and Chelsi Welch each scored 13 points to lead No. 21 Oklahoma to an 88-40 win over Akron in the first round of the Junkanoo Jam on Friday.
EU reveals increase in aid fraud The EU's anti-fraud squad reports an increase in serious abuses of its international aid project.
Cord blood offers leukaemia hope \Blood from a newborn baby's umbilical cord can be used to treat adults with leukaemia, a US-based study says.
Juventus guilty of drug abuse ITALIAN football faced one of the biggest scandals in its scarred history yesterday, after a Turin judge found the Juventus doctor, Riccardo Agricola, guilty of administering banned drugs to some of the worlds leading players during the 1990s.
Protesters Seek Resignations After Fire Thousands of Argentines angered over perceived security lapses in a nightclub fire that killed 183 people, many of them teenagers, marched through capital streets Monday to demand the resignations of key city officials.
A Black Eye for Sports A week later, the tape of the fight between the Indiana Pacers and the Detroit fans sticks with me like a bad dream. I am still stunned to watch Ron Artest bound over rows of courtside chairs to attack a fan 
U.S. Opposed Passport Privacy Protections (AP) AP - The Bush administration opposed security measures for new microchip-equipped passports that privacy advocates contended were needed to prevent identity theft, government snooping or a terror attack, according to State Department documents released Friday.
Skiers play games as Guay is second in final day of downhill &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; LAKE LOUISE, Alta. (CP) - Being fastest wasn #39;t necessary best as Canada #39;s Erik Guay finished second in Friday #39;s final day of training for the first World Cup downhill race of the season.
S #39;African sentenced for Guinea coup try A court in Equatorial Guinea has given sentences of up to 34 years to a group of South Africans and Armenians convicted of trying to overthrow the government.
Bush: Validity of Ukraine Vote in Doubt (AP) AP - President Bush declared Friday that charges of voter fraud have cast doubt on the Ukrainian election, and warned that any European-negotiated pact on Iran's nuclear program must ensure the world can verify Tehran's compliance.
Longhorns Hook Aggies Cedric Benson runs for 165 yards and a touchdown Friday to lead No. 6 Texas to a 26-13 win over No. 22 Texas A M that could further complicate the BCS picture.
Nice Paparazzi! \\This is a "brilliant" idea : (where brilliant is stupid)\\"By wearing a specially designed electronic badge that jams electronic cameras,\they will be able to prevent photographers from taking unwanted pictures."\\"The "privacy protection system" being developed by Hewlett-Packard will allow\the publicity-shy to transmit an infrared signal to any nearby compatible\camera. Once activated, the camera's software will automatically blur beyond\recognition the face of anybody wearing the badge..."\
Inmate Agrees, for Now, Not to Seek Palestinian Authority Presidency Marwan Barghouti, a popular politician now in an Israeli prison, called for Palestinians to support Mahmoud Abbas in elections on Jan. 9.
Liverpool reject ground sharing with Everton LIVERPOOL have denied reports yesterday that they would consider sharing their new stadium with rivals Everton. It had been reported that the two clubs would meet with government officials to discuss the controversial subject of sharing a ground.
Can The Irish Pull the Ultimate Upset? The Irish head into Saturdays game with a 6-4 record and not much to play for. The Trojans are undefeated and are chasing their second consecutive National Championship.
Briton in Afghan kidnap dispute A British hotelier and cameraman has said Afghan authorities tried to get him to confess to involvement in the kidnapping of three UN hostages.
China bank advisor retracts statement on US Treasurys A central bank adviser quoted as saying the government had cut its holdings of US Treasurys backtracked Friday after the speculation helped push the euro to a new all-time peak.
Grief, Rage in Argentine Protest Over Fatal Fire  BUENOS AIRES, Argentina (Reuters) - Thousands of Argentines  mourning almost 200 young victims of a rock club fire took to  the streets of Buenos Aires on Monday in angry protest over the  government's safety standards, as the city mayor resisted  pressure to resign.
Computer meltdown baffles the experts Computer engineers were at a loss last night to explain why the Government had been hit by arguably the worst electronic meltdown in the history of Whitehall.
Another game added to Olowokandi suspension Minneapolis, MN (Sports Network) - The Minnesota Timberwolves tacked on one more game to the suspension of center Michael Olowokandi, who was jailed early Thursday morning for refusing to leave an Indianapolis nightclub.
Rookie Worries Redskins The Steelers' multi-faceted offense, featuring Ben Roethlisberger and a returning Duce Staley, poses a stiff challenge to the Redskins' No. 2-ranked defense.
US Airways' Deal Requires Bankruptcy Exit by June 30 US Airways said that it must emerge from bankruptcy protection by June 30 to comply with a new \$140 million aircraft leasing and financing deal.
Byrd amendment buys US \$150 million in WTO sanctions The World Trade Organization granted authorization Friday to the European Union, Japan, Canada, Korea, Mexico, India, and Chile, to slap retaliatory sanctions if the US fails to repeal the Byrd amendment.
US Airways Flight Attendants Prepare For Possible Strike WASHINGTON -- The union representing flight attendants on Friday said it mailed out more than 5,000 strike authorization ballots to its members employed by US Airways as both sides continued talks that are expected to stretch through the weekend.
Judge Blocks Bid to Repossess United Planes United Airlines, which has been under bankruptcy protection since 2002, won a temporary order on Friday stopping a group of creditors from repossessing 14 planes.
Pensions chaos as computers fail ENGINEERS were today tackling a massive computer failure which has caused chaos at the Department for Work and Pensions. Up to 80 per cent of the ministrys systems for processing millions of pension and benefit payments collapsed on Monday.
 #39;Star Wars #39; phone plans like the one used in Star Wars - could soon be installed on the high-street. Boffins in Japan claim to have developed technology for image chambers - similar 
Health Issue, Lack of Fervor Made H. Brown Leave The grind of the NBA finally got to Hubie Brown, who at 71 had neither the fervor for the job nor the good health needed to remain the coach of the Grizzlies.
Vikings center Birk out for month EDEN PRAIRIE, Minn. (Nov. 26, 2004) -- Minnesota Vikings center Matt Birk will miss at least four games after undergoing sports hernia surgery for the second time in four months.
Ex-Gurkha guards die in Baghdad mortar attack Four former Gurkhas were killed and up to 15 other security guards working for a British firm wounded when a mortar landed in Baghdad #39;s Green Zone.
Ukraine's Parliament to Debate Election Crisis (Reuters) Reuters - Ukraine's parliament meets on Saturday to\debate a disputed presidential election a day after Western\mediators trying to end the turmoil gripping major cities\managed to persuade the two rivals to start talks.
No. 1 Wake Forest Holds Off Arizona 63-60 (AP) AP - Justin Gray scored 21 points for the second straight game and No. 1 Wake Forest beat No. 18 Arizona 63-60 on Friday night in the championship game of the Preseason NIT.
Japanese experts develop 3D communication technology Three dimensional images may be commonplace at the movies nowadays, popularised in Hollywood #39;s classic sci-fi movie  quot;Star Wars quot; in which Princess Leia made an inter-galactic plea for help by sending a 3-D hologram.
Hasselbeck returns to practice, expects to start for Seahawks Seattle quarterback Matt Hasselbeck returned to practice and is expected to play Sunday against Buffalo. Hasselbeck had acupuncture treatments for a deep bruise just above his knee.
US Chief Justice Unable to Work Next Week-Report (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. Chief Justice William H.\Rehnquist, who was diagnosed with thyroid cancer in October,\will not be present when the Supreme Court reconvenes next week\to hear oral arguments, the Washington Post reported.
Only Drills, but Houston Looks Ready to Return Allan Houston, the Knicks' veteran, hopes to play as soon as next Saturday in Charlotte, when the Knicks open a four-game road trip.
Despite Pact, New Violence Stymies Aid in Sudan Two weeks after Sudanese authorities and their guerrilla enemies signed a peace deal, a surge of violence is engulfing Darfur.
Foreign Interest Appears to Flag as Dollar Falls Investors and analysts are increasingly worried that the last big source of support for the American dollar - heavy buying by foreign central banks - is fading.
Soccer Headgear: Does It Do Any Good? Thousands of American players are using protective headgear, but some soccer officials question whether it reduces the risk of head injuries.
No. 1 Wake Forest 63, No. 18 Arizona 60 Justin Gray scored 21 points for the second straight game and No. 1 Wake Forest beat No. 18 Arizona 63-60 on Friday night in the championship game of the Preseason NIT.
Mets Can't Escape Dealing With Boras This Winter Agent Scott Boras represents 11 free agents this off-season, and much of his list reads like an All-Star Game lineup.
R Dutch/Shell gives itself breathing space Royal Dutch/Shell, which this year had to postpone its annual report and shareholder meetings while it grappled with its sinking reserves figures, has taken precautions to avoid similar embarrassment in 2005.
Cavaliers Rally to Beat Celtics 98-96 (AP) AP - Zydrunas Ilgauskas scored 26 points, including the game-winning jumper on an assist from LeBron James with 19 seconds left, and the Cleveland Cavaliers rallied to beat the Boston Celtics 98-96 Friday night.
New cell phone can predict your next move A cell phone is on the way that reportedly is so smart it can predict what you are about to do. According to research in the journal New Scientist, the phone learns about the things 
Wake Forest Doesn #39;t Need Star to Shine to Shine On A poor first half and an off night from its star guard were not enough to derail the No. 1 team in the country. Wake Forest proved a couple of things last night at Madison Square Garden: that 
How can owners of suspended players regroup after brawl fallout? The Melee in Motown between the Pacers and Pistons didn #39;t only shake up the NBA, it laid waste to many a fantasy team #39;s chances this season.
No. 2 LSU 64, No. 22 Maryland 51 Sylvia Fowles had 18 points and 18 rebounds, and Seimone Augustus added 23 points to lead No. 2 LSU to a 64-51 victory over No. 22 Maryland in the opening game of the Coors Classic on Friday night.
No. 13 Michigan State Nudges Utah 56-54 (AP) AP - Kristin Haynie made a coast-to-coast layup with 2 seconds left to give No. 13 Michigan State a 56-54 victory over Utah in the first round of the Rainbow Wahine Classic on Friday.
Hastert Launches A Partisan Policy (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - In scuttling major intelligence legislation that he, the president and most lawmakers supported, Speaker J. Dennis Hastert last week enunciated a policy in which Congress will pass bills only if most House Republicans back them, regardless of how many Democrats favor them.
Abkhaz MPs back election 'winner' The parliament of Georgia's breakaway Abkhazia region says the opposition candidate won presidential elections.
Ohio Turnpike Workers May Stike Hoping to avoid a situation like that in Pennsylvania , representatives of the Ohio Turnpike Commission and unionized workers are continuing contract negotiations.
A Union Threatens to Strike at Canada Post By Bloomberg News. Employees representing 4 percent of the work force of Canada Post, the government-owned letter carrier, have threatened to strike by Dec. 8 unless they receive improvements in health benefits and job security.
T-Wolves Spoil Debut of Grizzlies Coach (AP) AP - Lionel Hollins lost his debut as interim coach of the Grizzlies, with Kevin Garnett getting 26 points and 15 rebounds and Latrell Sprewell adding 22 points to lead the Minnesota Timberwolves over Memphis 115-90 Friday night.
Orlando Magic Waylays Atlanta Hawks 117-99 (AP) AP - Steve Francis scored 29 points and No. 1 draft pick Dwight Howard added a career-high 24 in his homecoming as the Orlando Magic beat the Atlanta Hawks 117-99 Friday night.
GE Gives Airline Help On Leases ARLINGTON, Va. - US Airways Group said Friday that it has reached agreement with General Electric Co. on aircraft leasing and financing terms to help the airline lower costs and reduce debt as it seeks to avoid liquidation.
Shoppers line up for  #39;Black Friday #39; sales called  quot;Black Friday quot; because retailers hope it will kick off hot seasonal sales that will put them in the black for the year -s alive and well in the Jupiter area.
US stocks end higher Stocks inched higher on Friday in lackluster post-Thanksgiving trading, helped by steel producers amid concerns of a steel shortage and retailers as consumers piled into stores at the start of the holiday-shopping season.
Poutianen Wins Aspen GS ASPEN - Finn Tanja Poutianen won the second giant slalom of the season Friday, holding off defending World Cup champ Anja Paerson of Sweden by 0.09 seconds.
No. 3 Georgia Tech 79, Arkansas-Little Rock 54 Georgia Tech was in no mood to celebrate this victory, not after a sickening injury to one of its most promising players. BJ Elder scored 23 points and the third-ranked Yellow Jackets started 
Japan, ASEAN to outline antiterrorism cooperation Top leaders of Japan and the Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN) are set to adopt a statement next week in Laos outlining antiterrorism cooperation among their police forces, according to Japanese Foreign Ministry.
Flash Floods Kill 11 in Central Vietnam (Reuters) Reuters - Flash floods triggered by Typhoon Muifa\have killed at least 11 people in central Vietnam, officials\said on Saturday.
Italian Government OKs Income Tax Cuts (AP) AP - The Italian government approved  #36;8.6 billion in tax cuts for 2005 Saturday, state radio reported, ending partisan debate that at one point had prompted Premier Silvio Berlusconi to threaten to resign.
North Australian Aboriginal community under heavy guard after rioting (AFP) AFP - An Aboriginal community in northern Australia is calm and under heavy guard after the death of a young indigenous man in police custody triggered riots.
Simmering Trade Disputes Will Greet Bush in Canada Chief among the trade disputes on the table will be a disagreement over the United States' 27 percent duty on Canadian softwood lumber.
Terror Case Hinges on a Wobbly Key Player By setting himself on fire outside the White House, a Yemeni man with a checkered past has damaged what may be the biggest terrorism financing case in this country.
 #39;Black Friday #39; brings crowds to local stores VISTA ----  quot;The biggest shopping day of the year quot; are seven words that can send agoraphobics, those folks with fears of crowds and public places, into panic attacks.
Not Buying Into Shopping #39;s Big Day To most weary shoppers, it #39;s known as Black Friday, the semiofficial start of the holiday retail season. But to hundreds of regional residents and countless others worldwide 
Stocks show mixed results in short session NEW YORK - Stocks finished mixed in post-holiday trading Friday as Wall Street meandered through a shortened session. The major indexes ended the week higher as investors looked forward to the results of the 
Swiffer Sweep-Vac Recalled The company that makes a popular battery operated vacuum cleaner has announced a voluntary recall of the product. Procter and Gamble says their Sweep-Vac by Swiffer could overheat and possibly catch fire.
Russia about to face France Russia will meet defending champion France in the Fed Cup final after they both achieved 5-0 sweeps of Austria and Spain, respectively, in the semifinals on Thursday.
Ohno, Yang Take Golds in Short Track Yang, Yang, left, of China takes an outside turn against Alison Baver (47) of Reading, Penn., during the 1,500-meter finals at the World Cup Short Track Speed Skating competition in Madison, Wis.
Francis, Howard Lead Magic Past Hawks ATLANTA, Nov. 26 (Ticker) -- Steve Francis and rookie Dwight Howard made the defense of the Atlanta Hawks look like it wasn #39;t there.
No. 1 Wake Forest 63, No. 18 Arizona 60 Justin Gray scored 21 points for the second straight game and the top-ranked Demon Deacons beat No. 18 Arizona 63-60 on Friday night in the championship game of the 16-team tournament, a game that had a March feel to it in late-November.
Prince Harry denies reports of high jinks Aides say that Argentinian press reports that Prince Harry of Britain spent his time in the country nightclubbing and getting drunk are pure fiction.
Pistons Cool Off Heat 78-77 (AP) AP - Richard Hamilton caught an inbounds pass under the basket and banked in a short shot with 1.3 seconds left, giving the Detroit Pistons an 78-77 win over Miami on Friday night as the Heat lost for the first time in nine games against Eastern Conference opponents.
Suns Sting Hornets 95-86 (AP) AP - Shawn Marion had a season-high 33 points and 15 rebounds, leading the Phoenix Suns on a fourth-quarter comeback despite the absence of Steve Nash in a 95-86 win over the New Orleans Hornets on Friday night.
Burma Pledges to Stick with Democracy  #39;Road Map #39; Military-ruled Burma says it will stick with its road map to democracy despite the juntas recent purge of the prime minister who proposed it, but is ducking questions on when pro-democracy leader Aung San Suu Kyi will go free.
Nine in custody after riot POLICE on Palm Island fear fresh violence today following nine arrests in the wake of yesterday #39;s riot over a death in custody.
2 Mexico City Cops Accused in Mob Killing (AP) AP - Federal investigators said Thursday that two Mexico City police and 27 other people face homicide charges in the horrific vigilante killings of two federal agents this week.
Rivals in Ukraine Agree to Negotiate Over Vote The two candidates claiming to be president-elect agreed to negotiations, the first sign of an easing of tensions that have risked leading the nation toward civil war.
17 Iraqi Parties Pressing For Delay in Elections Groups fear that a vote amid persistent violence and a boycott by Sunnis would deprive the results of legitimacy.
ECB's Chief: Dollar-Euro Moves Unwelcome &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; RIO DE JANEIRO, Brazil (Reuters) - The recent surge in theeuro currency is unwelcome and the U.S. Treasury's commitmentto a strong dollar is important, European Central BankPresident Jean-Claude Trichet said on Friday.&lt;/p&gt;
 #39;RIL board rejected Anils contention #39; Mumbai: The board of directors of Reliance Industries Ltd had considered the letter written by Anil Ambani, Vice-Chairman and Managing Director, regarding the decision taken at the July 27 board meeting on powers and authorities of the CMD.
Pistons end skid, defeat Heat, 78-77 Miami #39;s first loss to an Eastern Conference team after eight tries came at the hands of the struggling Pistons. Using a shot by Richard Hamilton with 1.3 seconds left, the Pistons ended 
Balanced attack NEW YORK -- It was an exhausting, gut-wrenching victory against a nationally-ranked opponent, the type that elicits a high lasting far longer than the plane-ride home.
College Basketball: Georgia Tech Strolls to Win ATLANTA (Sports Network) - BJ Elder scored 23 points, Isma #39;il Muhammad added 13 and No. 3 Georgia Tech rolled to a 79-54 victory over Arkansas-Little Rock at Alexander Memorial Coliseum.
DUP studies devolution proposals The Democratic Unionist Party #39;s executive has given its unanimous approval to leader Ian Paisley as he enters the final stage of talks aimed at restoring devolution to Northern Ireland.
A Fast-Track Coach Hops Off at Princeton Instead of pursuing a glamour conference, Joe Scott moved to the Ivy League, where players often are more talented in the classroom than they are on the basketball court.
Update 7: WTO Approves Sanctions on US Exports The World Trade Organization gave the go-ahead Friday for punitive sanctions on US exports from lobsters to industrial equipment because Washington has yet to comply with a two-year-old order to repeal a trade law that uses penalties collected from 
South Korea's president to replace six ministers in reshuffle (AFP) AFP - South Korean President Roh Moo-Hyun is to conduct a cabinet reshuffle to replace six ministers, aides said.
AUSSIES CONTINUE TO DOMINATE Justin Langer hit a double-century as Australia continued to pile on the runs on the second day of the second Test against New Zealand in Adelaide.
Buying Holiday Cheer, For Less Holiday shoppers, intent on finding bargains, descended on the region's shopping centers Friday. But, in what could be a worrisome sign for retailers, many consumers vowed to watch their wallets closely.
Microjets Catch the Eye of Wealthy Travelers A group of entrepreneurs backed by the likes of Bill Gates and Goldman Sachs Group Inc. are building tiny jets that cost a small fraction of what corporate executives and celebrities pay for luxury Learjets and Gulfstreams.
Discounts Benefit Oil Producers During a year of high oil prices that have boosted energy company profits, the U.S. government continues to dole out millions of dollars in discounts to oil producers under a program created when prices were low.
FAA Must Improve Oversight of Hazardous Materials, Report Says  The Federal Aviation Administration needs to improve its oversight of air carriers and passengers who bring hazardous materials onto airplanes, according to a report released yesterday by the Department of Transportation's inspector general.
EBay Home Building From air filters and appliances to sinks and shingles, one could conceivably build an entire house using supplies and tools bought at eBay.
Fresh Look at Vaccines This season's flu-shot shortage is enticing companies to enter a market that others have largely abandoned because of poor profits.
No Black Friday blues as green flows like wine An accident has slowed Jacqueline Walker #39;s holiday shopping this year, but it couldn #39;t keep her away from the deals on Friday.
Air-cargo hazard detection criticized Eight years after an illegal shipment of oxygen generators caused the deadly crash of ValuJet Flight 592, the federal program for monitoring hazardous shipments aboard 
WR Grace may soon be indicted Bankrupt specialty chemicals firm says it is likely to be indicted for violating environmental laws. NEW YORK (Reuters) - WR Grace  amp; Co.
RCMP search Montreal #39;s Imperial Tobacco MONTREAL - The RCMP searched through documents at Imperial Tobacco on Friday related to the contraband trade in cigarettes in the 1990s, Radio-Canada #39;s all-news channel reported.
Nicaragua Can't Confirm Tourists' Status (AP) AP - Nicaraguan officials said late Friday that they're still unsure what's become of an American and a Briton who disappeared 10 days ago while attempting to climb a volcano.
Langer continues charge Justin Langer scored his third career double Test century as Australia continued to pile on the runs in the second Test against New Zealand.
London tries to duck mud clinging to Slavkov Officials for London #39;s 2012 games bid are hoping that the International Olympic Committee #39;s decision to recommend the expulsion of a Bulgarian member alleged in a BBC programme to be involved in corruption will not undermine its bid.
Sports ; England cricketers finally arrives in Zimbabwe The whole tour was thrown into question earlier this week when the England and Wales Cricket Board (ECB) told the team to remain in South Africa after Zimbabwe authorities barred 13 British journalists.
NBA Game Summary - Memphis At Minnesota Minneapolis, MN -- Kevin Garnett shot 11-of-15 for 26 points to go with 15 rebounds as the Minnesota Timberwolves trounced the deflated Memphis Grizzlies, 115-90, at the Target Center.
Turning the Paige: It #39;s now Mizzou Arena The University of Missouri board of curators on Friday voted to rename the Columbia campus basketball arena Mizzou Arena, severing the connection between the posh sports facility and allegations of cheating at a university 1,700 miles away.
Colts thrive during grueling four-game stretch Indianapolis Colts defensive tackle Montae Reagor could feel the weariness long before Thursday #39;s game at Detroit. The constant hits, the barrage of meetings, the quick pivots from game plan to game plan had already worn down his body and mind.
NCAA Game Summary - Arkansas-Little Rock at Georgia Tech Georgia Tech freshman Jeremis Smith left the game with a right knee injury near the end of the game...UALR #39;s Richard Hardman led all players with 13 rebounds...Freeman was just 1-of-9 from three-point territory...Georgia Tech improved to 4-0 all-time 
Man Held Over China School Deaths (Reuters) Reuters - Chinese police have arrested a\21-year-old man suspected of stabbing eight teenagers to death\as they slept in a school dormitory, the latest in a wave of\school attacks in China, state media said on Saturday.
Man held over China school deaths Chinese police have arrested a 21-year-old man suspected of stabbing eight teenagers to death as they slept in a school dormitory, the latest in a wave of school attacks in China, state media say.
Asia ; Indonesian quake kills at least 13, many injured Asia News, JAKARTA - The death toll from a powerful earthquake that rocked the easternmost Indonesian province of Papua rose to 13, with officials fearing more bodies would be uncovered as many victims were reportedly trapped under house debris, officials 
No. 13 Maryland Tops No. 25 Memphis 84-61 (AP) AP - John Gilchrist had 16 points, 10 rebounds and led a scrappy defense that helped No. 13 Maryland run past No. 25 Memphis 84-61 on Friday night.
Brown Explains Leaving Grizzlies coach Hubie Brown cites health concerns and a loss of energy Friday as the reasons for announcing his retirement.
Olowokandi Still Out Minnesota decides to suspend Michael Olowokandi for a second game after his arrest early Thursday morning for disorderly conduct.
Kicker Hall Returns After missing five games with a right groin strain, the Redskins will activate place kicker John Hall for Sunday's game against the Pittsburgh Steelers.
Mets Hire Down Former Yankees hitting coach Rick Down was hired for the same job by the Mets Saturday, reuniting him with new manager Willie Randolph.
Mavs Hold Off Blazers Marquis Daniels makes a series of late hustle plays to help Dallas defeat Portland, 92-83, on Friday.
American Hangs On American improves to 3-1 on the season with a hard-fought overtime win, 74-63, against Loyala at Bender Arena on Friday night.
US Airways, 2 GE Units Propose New Financing US Airways said yesterday that it agreed with units of General Electric Co. to defer lease payments on some aircraft and to cut the cost of engine maintenance as part of its restructuring under bankruptcy protection.
Wall Street Slogs Though Tepid, Short Session NEW YORK , Nov. 26 -- Stocks finished mixed Friday in a shortened session. The major indicators ended the week higher as investors looked forward to the results of the first weekend of holiday shopping and a jobs report next week.
FAA Must Improve Oversight of Hazardous Materials, Report Says The Federal Aviation Administration needs to improve its oversight of air carriers and passengers who bring hazardous materials onto airplanes, according to a report released yesterday 
Gregg against new drug safety office US Sen. Judd Gregg said he #39;s not keen on the idea of creating an independent office to monitor drug safety, because it would create  quot;another layer of bureaucracy quot; at the Food and Drug Administration.
WR Grace Expects Indictment WR Grace  amp; Co. disclosed yesterday that federal prosecutors were likely to indict the chemical and building material supplier during the first quarter of 2005 on charges related to environmental 
Canadian police search Imperial Tobacco offices Police have searched the Montreal headquarters of Imperial Tobacco Canada as part of an investigation into cigarette smuggling in the 1990s, the company says.
Rising Canadian dollars to test Canadian economy The record surge in the value of the Canadian dollar is going to test the Canadian economy, financial analysts here warned. The Canadian dollar, after briefly rose above 85 US 
India ; Kalam shows the moon as answer to energy problems India News, MOON can be an immense source of solar energy and minerals, feels President APJ Abdul Kalam. Addressing the Sixth International Conference on Exploration and Utilisation of Moon in the Lake City 
Kevin Garnett scores 26 points as the Timberwolves beat Memphis &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The Minnesota Timberwolves finally had some fun at the expense of a team going through a coaching change. Lionel Hollins lost his debut as interim coach of the Grizzlies, with Kevin Garnett 
Pacers 82, Bobcats 77 Fred Jones scored eight of his 23 points in the final 2:30 to rally the Pacers from a six-point deficit in an 82-77 win over the Charlotte Bobcats on Friday night.
No. 19 Alabama Tops Minnesota 78-72 (AP) AP - Earnest Shelton made five 3-pointers and scored 29 points to lead No. 19 Alabama over Minnesota 78-72 in the semifinals of the Great Alaska Shootout on Friday night.
10 reasons elections in Iraq will succeed from Britain, Australia, America, and countless other countries -- will be in action to make Iraq safer. In 
I-AA Playoffs Open With a Virginia Flavor Today's Virginia-Virginia Tech showdown in Blacksburg won't be the only college football game in the Commonwealth with high-stakes implications. Three teams from Virginia play first-round games in the Division I-AA playoffs today, including a top-25 matchup between No. 6 William   Mary and No. 11 Hampton at Zable Stadium in Williamsburg.
New Orleans Center Breaks Finger (AP) AP - New Orleans center Jamaal Magloire broke his right ring finger in the final minute of Friday night's 95-86 loss to the Phoenix Suns.
Wirdheim off to America Sweden #39;s Bjorn Wirdheim, who was Jaguar Racing #39;s test and reserve driver will not be continuing with Red Bull Racing. Wirdheim had been due to run in the test at Barcelona and at Jerez but the team has now decided to continue with Vitantonio Liuzzi.
Slavkov Suspended By IOC The Executive Committee of the International Olympic Committee (IOC) has unanimously recommended that Ivan Slavkov, chairman of the Bulgarian Olympic Committee, be suspended.
Injured Shoulder Forces Bowe to Back Out of Bout Riddick Bowe plans to return to the ring in January or February after a shoulder injury forced him to call off a fight this weekend.
Dawgs and Jackets at it again ATLANTA - Today in Athens, Georgia and Georgia Tech resume the states most bitter rivalry for the 96th time (if you believe Georgia) and the 98th time (according to Tech).
NBA Game Summary - Miami at Detroit Auburn Hills, MI (Sports Network) - Richard Hamilton banked home a shot over the outstretched arm of Shaquille O #39;Neal with 1.3 seconds remaining, lifting Detroit to a 78-77 victory over Miami at the Palace.
Bush works for peace in Northern Ireland CRAWFORD, Texas President Bush says he #39;ll do  quot;anything quot; he can to help keep the Northern Ireland peace process moving forward.
No. 6 Notre Dame Tops USC 60-56 (AP) AP - Jacqueline Batteast scored 18 points and No. 6 Notre Dame survived a scare from unranked Southern California before rallying for a 60-56 victory Friday night.
Shoppers bolt for bargains By CHIP GUY, RICHARD SINE and TED GRIFFITH / The News Journal. Janet Selden wasn #39;t sure she could do it this year. In the early morning hours Friday, the 50-year-old Brandywine Hundred resident thought seriously 
Proxy battle taking shape in bid to wrest control of board LOS ANGELES (CBS.MW) -- The bitter battle for control of PeopleSoft Inc. has taken a new turn, with Oracle Corp. declaring its intent to stage a proxy fight that would sweep away the board members standing in the way of its \$9.2 billion hostile takeover.
United asks judge to block repossession of 10 planes United Airlines Inc., under Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection since 2002, called an emergency hearing today in Chicago to stop a group of creditors from repossessing 10 of its planes.
The race is on for Red Bull seats Red Bull owner Dietrich Mateschitz still needs a bit of time to make a decision about his driver line-up for the upcoming season. The Austrian recently took over the Jaguar Formula One team.
For the sake of cricket THE IMPASSE between the West Indies Cricket Board (WICB) and a number of its players could have serious repercussions for West Indies cricket.
Terps #39; speed overwhelms Memphis The 13th-ranked Terps ran No.25 Memphis into submission 84-61 in the Basketball Hall of Fame Tip-Off Classic at Springfield Civic Center.
NBA #39;s assists leader Nash injured against PHOENIX -- Phoenix guard Steve Nash, the NBA #39;s assist leader, sustained a concussion Friday night and sat out the second half of the Suns #39; 95-86 victory over New Orleans.
Dollar Struggles to Extend Recovery (Reuters) Reuters - The dollar struggled on Tuesday to extend\its recovery against the euro from a record low hit last week,\as the market eyed a deeper decline in the U.S. currency in the\near-term.  The unexpectedly quick rebound in the dollar\against the euro at the start of 2005 caught some traders off\guard and left the market cautious about selling the U.S.\currency.
Notre Dame 60, USC 56 Jacqueline Batteast scored 18 points and sixth-ranked Notre Dame survived a scare from unranked Southern California before rallying for a 60-56 non-conference win Friday.
Salvation Army tradition in danger By ROBIN BROWN. After three decades as a volunteer Salvation Army bell ringer, 64-year-old James  quot;Sonny quot; Rosel keeps thinking of retiring.
MARTHA BACKERS DUMP BIG STAKE The two biggest shareholders in Martha Stewart #39;s company have been quietly cashing out - raising speculation that a surprise deal could be brewing while she #39;s sitting in prison.
NBA #39;s Assists Leader Nash Injured Against PHOENIX - Phoenix guard Steve Nash, the NBA #39;s assist leader, sustained a concussion Friday night and sat out the second half of the Suns #39; 95-86 victory over New Orleans.
ASEAN officials prep for economic accord VIENTIANE - Senior officials of the 10-member Association of Southeast Asian Nations made final preparations on Thursday for ASEAN leaders to sign at their summit here next Monday an agreement on accelerating economic integration in the region.
Hamilton #39;s Late Basket Lifts Pistons Over Heat Richard Hamilton banked in the winning shot with 1.3 seconds remaining as the Detroit Pistons edged the Miami Heat 78-77 in Auburn Hills on Friday.
Holiday leftovers: plenty of QB questions Joey Harrington is still a starting quarterback. Drew Henson apparently is back to being a future starter. And Chad Hutchinson is looking like a starter by default.
COL BKB: Maryland 84, Memphis 61 Nik Caner-Medley scored 17 points Friday night to send No. 14 Maryland to an easier-than-expected, 84-61 win over 24th-ranked Memphis.
Kings Edge Lakers 109-106 (AP) AP - Peja Stojakovic scored 26 points and made four consecutive free throws in the closing seconds Friday night to lead the Sacramento Kings their seventh straight win, 109-106 over the Los Angeles Lakers.
Chinese police arrest school stabbings suspect Yan Yanming has been arrested in Ruzhou, central Henan province, when his mother turned him in to police after he attempted suicide at home.
Delay in Jan. vote sought BAGHDAD - Leading Iraqi politicians called Friday for a six-month delay in the Jan. 30 election because of the spiraling violence as US forces uncovered more bodies in the northern city of Mosul, apparent 
Iraq parties urge delay of election Some of Iraq #39;s most powerful political groups, including the party led by the interim prime minister, called Friday for a six-month delay in elections scheduled for Jan. 30, citing concerns over security.
No. 10 Duke Tops Stephen F. Austin 84-29 (AP) AP - Monique Currie scored 22 points to lead No. 10 Duke to an 84-29 victory over Stephen F. Austin in the opening round of the Junkanoo Jam on Friday night.
Son's Iraq Experience Shapes Lawmaker (AP) AP - Rep. Duncan Hunter says his son, a Marine artillery officer who has served in Iraq, asked him for two favors. One was to fix his Ford Bronco. The other was to stand firm in opposing an intelligence bill that would strip authority from the Pentagon.
Buried Gems of the PS1 These games aren't the best, nor are they the prettiest.  nbsp;Instead, these are the games I played with my friends - the games let us kick the ever-loving-crap out of each other in increasingly fascinating ways.  nbsp;These are the most original head-to-head sleeper hits on the Sony Playstation. Just some fun stuff you might've missed the first time around.
Fresh Look at Vaccines This season's flu-shot shortage is enticing companies to enter a market that others have largely abandoned because of poor profits.&lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;- The Washington Post&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;
Building a House With  EBay, Piece by Piece A growing number of people are turning to the online auction site not for knickknacks and trinkets, but for serious hardware and building materials.&lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;- The Washington Post&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;
WTO OKs sanctions on US products In a trade dispute that could spread to one of Washington state #39;s biggest exports -- apples -- the World Trade Organization gave the go-ahead yesterday for punitive sanctions on US products.
It #39;s full speed ahead for Poutiainen ASPEN, COLO. - Figuring she had no chance of catching the leader, Finland #39;s Tanja Poutiainen charged down the hill without fear.
Sony Lags Behind Demand for Flat TV's Sony is having trouble meeting soaring demand for flat televisions as its assembly lines did not gear up quickly enough.
Global Chip Sales Rose 1.5 in October Worldwide semiconductor sales rose a scant 1.5 percent in October, to \$18.8 billion from \$18.5 billion in September, as many chip users pared inventories.
New High-Tech Passports Raise Snooping Concerns Privacy advocates say new passports that carry information in a computer chip will be vulnerable to electronic snooping.
ANOTHER VOICE To the medicine cabinet Here #39;s something to consider on your way to the medicine cabinet this morning: One of the nation #39;s leading drug reviewers with the Food and Drug Administration told a congressional hearing last week that consumers are  quot;virtually defenseless quot; against 
Mitsubishi Motors, Merrill Lynch to tie up -Nikkei Japanese carmaker Mitsubishi Motors Corp (7211.T: Quote, Profile, Research) (MMC), Japan #39;s only loss-making car maker, and US brokerage firm Merrill Lynch (MER.
Fratello reportedly taking Grizzlies job Mike Fratello will take over for the recently retired Hubie Brown, ESPN reported on Friday. Fratello, an analyst for TNT, flew to Memphis on Friday to meet with team officials.
Maryland runs circles around Memphis COM. If Maryland is the sixth-best team in the ACC, then the league has teams capable of competing in the NBA, baby! The Terps put on a clinic in beating a talented Memphis team at the Hall of Fame Tip-Off Classic.
Iran, EU have reached new accords: Moussavian LONDON, Nov 27 (IranMania) - Iranian delegation chief to the IAEA Board of Governors in Vienna, Hossein Moussavian said on Friday evening that Iran and Europe have reached a new agreement.
Early shoppers catch bargains Early birds get bargains Treasure Coast shoppers get their holiday money #39;s worth on the biggest shopping day of the year. By Charlie Reed.
Fluctuating Oil Prices Force Consumers to Place Bets All around the country, people like Jennie McCann are making bets on where global oil prices might be headed this winter. But Mrs.
U.S. Marines Mull Fallujah's Future (AP) AP - At first glance, the U.S. Marines saw nothing extraordinary about a baby crib in the corner of a bombed-out house in Fallujah. But when Lance Cpl. Nick Fenezia threw back the blankets, a Kalashnikov rifle and bulletproof vest lay on the tiny mattress.
Bush phones Paisley in power sharing bid US President George W Bush has telephoned the Rev Ian Paisley in a bid to help revive power sharing in Northern Ireland. Rev Paisley, 78, said he had  quot;a long and very useful conversation quot; with Mr Bush as Protestant 
Burma #39;s prisoner release complete: source Burma has completed its mass release of more than 9,000 jail inmates following a shake-up in the military-run regime. A prison source says that all 9,248 prisoners promised freedom have been released, although 
WR Grace says federal indictment likely in early 2005 without &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; WASHINGTON -- WR Grace  amp; Co. said Friday it is likely to be indicted in the first quarter of 2005 by a federal grand jury in Montana if it cannot reach a settlement with prosecutors over possible violations of federal environmental laws.
Mitsubishi Motors to Sell \$2 Bln of Loans to Merrill (Update1) Mitsubishi Motors Corp. said it will sell \$2 billion of auto loans to Merrill Lynch  amp; Co. as part of a plan to help the automaker reduce debt.
Around The Nation Martha Stewart Living Omnimedia #39;s former chairman and largest outside holder, Jeffrey Ubben, sold more than half his stake in the company this month as the shares reached their highest price in more than two years.
Pampling clings to lead at Australian Open Australia #39;s Rod Pampling recovered from a shaky start to Saturday #39;s third round of the centenary Australian Open to retain the outright lead going into the final day.
Randall saves his best for last LSU quarterback Marcus Randall has never been able to nail down the quarterback job this season. But Friday against Arkansas, the fifth-year senior seized the day.
In our view: Violence in sports not acceptable Commissioner David Stern has drawn a line on unacceptable behavior by players in the National Basketball Association. Whether he can keep it from being blurred or erased by the players union or a court decision remains to be seen.
More bodies found in Mosul US forces uncovered more bodies in the northern city of Mosul on Friday, apparent victims of an intimidation campaign by insurgents against Iraq #39;s fledgling security forces.
Quakes rock Indonesia, 17 dead At least 17 people were killed, over 130 injured and more than 300 homes destroyed Friday when an earthquake hit a town in Indonesia #39;s Papua province for the second time in nine months, officials said.
Iraq ; Briton Questioned in Kabul Over Role in UN Hostage Release Iraq News, KABUL, A British freelance cameraman said yesterday he was detained by Afghan authorities for his role in the release of three UN hostages and came under pressure to sign a statement saying he was part of the kidnap gang.
Breeding success Luiz Nasser just transferred an embryo from a pedigree  quot;donor quot; into the womb of an unwitting cow.
Software sector in Mass. lags Massachusetts lost 121 software companies and 3,859 software-related jobs during the past year, according to an industry group's figures, suggesting that one of the most vibrant sectors of the 1990s has yet to join in the state's tepid economic recovery.
Ex-FleetCenter chief hits revival of Garden name Resurrecting Boston Garden as a new name for the FleetCenter would be an empty gesture in sentimentality, the former chairman of the FleetCenter said yesterday.
WTO hits US with sanctions The World Trade Organization imposed penalties yesterday on exports ranging from apples to textiles, escalating a trade dispute the Bush administration has tried to defuse by unsuccessfully urging Congress to repeal legislation aimed at protecting US steel makers.
Ex-chairman cashes in as Martha Stewart shares recover Jeffrey Ubben, former chairman and the largest outside shareholder of Martha Stewart Living Omnimedia Inc., sold more than half his stake in the company this month as shares reached their highest price in more than two years.
Texas downs A amp;M, pleas for BCS help AUSTIN - Texas took care of its fiercest in-state rival and ensured at least one more week of bickering about the Bowl Championship Series.
Sonics Storm Past Nets SEATTLE, Nov. 26 (Ticker) -- Despite Rashard Lewis #39; injury, Danny Fortson kept the Seattle SuperSonics on their surprising roll.
Wildcats stumble in 2nd half NEW YORK - Arizona guard Salim Stoudamire tried all he could to get Arizona the upset win against No. 1 Wake Forest. No. 18 Arizona tried to go to him one last time in the waning seconds and trailing by one 
ASU turns over Territorial Cup Coughing up five turnovers, having a field goal blocked and playing without four suspended defensive players for part of the game, 18th-ranked ASU did all it could to hand back the Territorial Cup to underdog Arizona.
Iran backs down on uranium demand Facing fierce international pressure, Iran backed off yesterday from its demand to be allowed to continue operating some uranium enrichment 
UK urged to review terrorism laws A UN committee asks the UK to review its policy of detaining terrorism suspects without trial.
In China, police detain man accused of killing up to 9 boys BEIJING -- Police have detained a man accused of slashing as many as nine boys to death as they slept in their high school dormitory in central China, state media reported today.
In Italy, just about everyone's a doctor  ROME -- Yell for a doctor in an Italian moviehouse and you risk a stampede. Almost everybody here, it seems, is a ''dottore. quot;
Shoppers swarm stores across US Shoppers swarmed America #39;s malls and stores yesterday, even before the sun rose, to grab early-bird deals on such hot items as flat-screen TVs and DVD players as the US holiday shopping season officially began.
FAA hit on control of hazardous materials The Federal Aviation Administration must improve oversight of air carriers and passengers who bring hazardous materials onto planes, according to a report 
Former Gurkhas killed in Baghdad Four ex-Gurkhas working for a London-based security firm have been killed in an attack in Baghdad. The Foreign Office confirmed the Nepalese men were all former members of the famous Gurkhas but could give no further details of the attack.
Myanmar completes release of 9,000 prison inmates YANGON (AFP) - Myanmar has completed its mass release of more than 9,000 inmates, a prison department source said, following a shake-up in the military-run regime.
Typhoon claims 11 lives Hanoi - Vietnam #39;s death toll from flash floods triggered by Typhoon Muifa has risen to 11, officials said on Saturday. The deaths all occurred in central Vietnam, with Quang Ngai, Quang Nam and Thua Thien-Hue 
Stores open doors to sales, surge Retailers opened their doors before the sun rose yesterday, the official start of the holiday shopping season, tempting early risers with specials on a variety of items including flat-screen TVs and toys.
Man Utd confident of catching Chelsea LONDON - Manchester United is confident it can catch up nine points on Premier League leaders Chelsea. First it has to win its third match in a row for the first time this season.
Six more bodies found in Mosul US forces uncovered more bodies in the northern city of Mosul on Friday, apparent victims of an intimidation campaign by insurgents against Iraq #39;s fledgling security forces.
Chirac urges resumption of Ivory Coast peace talks French President Jacques Chirac has urged all sides in Ivory Coast #39;s crisis to resume talks as he opened a summit of French-speaking countries snubbed by the Ivorian delegation.
I helped free hostages, says ex-BBC cameraman A Kabul-based British hotelier and former BBC cameraman says that he acted as a go-between when a 830,000 ransom was offered to secure the release of three UN workers kidnapped in Afghanistan.
JFK, Bush, and the Canadian media Last Monday, on the 41 st anniversary of the assassination of John F. Kennedy, a video game called JFK Reloaded was released for sale.
Finland #39;s Poutiainen is tough enough With a fresh dusting of snow and the course bumpy and rutty, Colorado #39;s top two giant slalom skiers struggled Friday in the FIS World Cup women #39;s event.
Clippers Whack Warriors 98-87 Los Angeles Clippers #39; Chris Wilcox, middle, dunks as the Golden State Warriors #39; Troy Murphy, right, and Jason Richardson look on in the first half on Friday, Nov. 26, 2004, in Oakland, Calif.
More protests as Ukraine talks end without agreement (AFP) AFP - Opposition supporters in Ukraine continue to block key government buildings, after the first meeting between two presidential rivals ended without agreement and amid opposition threats of "action" if the election dispute is not resolved within days.
Pampling Leads Australian Open (AP) AP - Australia's Rod Pampling took a one-stroke lead into the final round of the centennial Australian Open, shooting a 3-over 74 on Saturday on The Australian Golf Club course.
Santos rose from the depths at UNH The story does not begin until the quarterback hits rock bottom. There's a reason Ricky Santos, current big man on the University of New Hampshire campus, one of 16 finalists for the Walter Payton Award (given to the top offensive player in Division 1-AA), record-setting redshirt-freshman wonder, and Atlantic 10 Rookie of the Year does not have his picture in ...
Kingpin Hyping LeBron James as rightful inheritor of the NBA kingdom, some call the 19-year-old phenom King James. He proved himself a benevolent ruler last night at the sold-out FleetCenter when it took all the king's men for the Cavaliers to defeat the Celtics, 98-96.
A fortunate change It was Monday Night Football the way it was meant to be played, minus Nicollette Sheridan.
Pope tries to warm Orthodox ties The Pope reaches out to Orthodox Christians as he returns bones looted during the Crusades.
Mobile gaming takes off in India \Gaming on the move is one of the fastest-growing activities amongst the tech-savvy in India, says a report.
Turnpike gate at SR 58 set to open Tuesday AMHERST TOWNSHIP -- The Ohio Turnpike Commission said yesterday that the new SR 58 interchange will open as planned at noon Tuesday, unaffected by a labor dispute with the union that represents toll collectors and maintenance workers.
Day after Thanksgiving busy for yule tree farms Danville -- Liesel and Jeff Ray, of Avon, followed tradition Friday morning when they left the house. No, they did not head to the nearest mall, hoping to be the first in line for Christmas bargains.
Investor Icahn joins Hollywood Video fray The Hollywood Entertainment Corp. story took another twist Friday when New York-based investor Carl Icahn announced the purchase of approximately 8.4 percent of the Wilsonville-based company #39;s outstanding stock.
Business news briefs: 11/27/04 A Mylan Laboratories shareholder is suing the Canonsburg generic drug maker and its directors, saying they have failed their fiduciary obligations by not considering billionaire investor Carl Icahn #39;s \$20 per share offer for the company.
EDS, Microsoft blamed for crash Electronic Data Systems Corp. and Microsoft Corp. were blamed by the United Kingdom #39;s pension and benefits agency for a computer crash that snarled payments across Britain.
They don #39;t consider that a riot in Brazil What riot?  quot;An Argentine friend of mine was a little derisive of the Pacers-Pistons eruption, quot; says reader Mike Gaynes.  quot;He snorted,  #39;Is that what Americans call a riot?
SIZING UP SHAQ STAT LINE: Shaquille O #39;Neal had 24 points, 17 rebounds and four blocked shots in 38 minutes Friday against the Pistons. POWER PLAY: The crowd buzzed with anticipation when fan favorite Darko Milicic caught the ball on the block with O #39;Neal on his back.
Historic USC feat would be unrivaled No USC coach ever defeated his archrivals three consecutive years, but Pete Carroll is two weeks from history. With a victory over Notre Dame tonight and UCLA next week, Carroll 
Nine bodies found near Mexican city The bodies of nine people, including three federal agents, were discovered at two sites outside Cancun, Mexico, and police are blaming the killings on a drug turf war in the Mexican resort city.
US Airways lands GE financing deal US Airways and its largest lender yesterday struck a new financing arrangement that could free up \$140 million while the strapped airline remains in bankruptcy -- but only if holdout unions agree to major cost cuts.
 #39;Tis the season to stop, chop and roll Nels Bergstrom loaded his wife and three children into a sport utility vehicle Friday morning and made the hourlong ride from his home in Delaware County to Walker #39;s Christmas Tree Farm in Carbon County.
Johnson Set for New York Yankees Trade  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Arizona Diamondback pitcher Randy  Johnson appeared bound for the Big Apple Monday, after Major  League commissioner Bud Selig approved a deal that would send  the five-time Cy Young award winner to the Yankees.
WENGER STEPS ON THE GUUS ANGRY Arsene Wenger last night branded Guus Hiddink  quot;appalling quot; after launching a bitter counter attack against his managerial rival.
Court Kings The familiar faces went their separate ways over the summer, the rivalry was declared dead more than a month ago, and all those years of accumulated magic came to a crashing end in the final minute Friday night.
English cricket team arrives in Harare The English Cricket team has defended its decision to go ahead with its controversial tour of Zimbabwe. Africa correspondent Sally Sara reports, the team has arrived in the Zimbabwean capital Harare.
They'll take a wait-and-see approach While some injured Patriots were either practicing or working out yesterday, coach Bill Belichick said it was too early to tell if they'd be available for tomorrow's game with the Ravens.
Given chance, West a contributing factor Delonte West was in uniform last night at the FleetCenter, after the Celtics activated the rookie point guard for the first time this season and placed forward Justin Reed (left hip pointer) back on the injured list. Although not fully recovered from the fractured right thumb he suffered the day before the season opener, West felt good enough to play.
Transactions BASEBALL New York (NL): Named Rick Down hitting coach and Tom Nieto catching instructor. BASKETBALL Boston (NBA): Activated G Delonte West from the injured list; placed F Justin Reed on the injured list. Philadelphia (NBA): Activated G Aaron McKie from the inujred list; placed G Kevin Ollie on the injured list.
Today's schedule College basketball: MEN -- Harbor Invitational at Dorchester, 1 and 3 p.m.; Northeastern at Harvard, 2 p.m.; MIT at Suffolk, 2 p.m.; WOMEN -- Wagner at BU, 1 p.m.; Dartmouth at Fairfield, 1 p.m.; Hartford at Central Conn., 2 p.m.; BC at UMass, 4 p.m.
Players dismiss security worries Given nearly a week to examine the security issues raised by the now-infamous brawl between players and fans in Auburn Hills, Mich., Nov. 19, the Celtics returned to the FleetCenter last night with two losses and few concerns about their on-court safety.
Sharing wealth was golden idea Kindergarten must have been good to LeBron James. With sharing at the top of that year's lesson plan, James might have collected a lot of gold stars for his behavior.
Fed Need Not Move on Inflation Wiggles Central banks should not respond to every wiggle from inflation as they seek steady prices and the  quot;too big to fail quot; mantle enjoyed by Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac pose a threat to financial stability, St.
Prioritizing NASA NASA administrator Sean O #39;Keefe seems bent on overstating popular support for President Bush #39;s space agenda. He did it again this week, pointing to this year #39;s \$16.2-billion budget as proof that Congress is 
DODD LEADS DESPITE TRIPLE BOGEY Stephen Dodd paid a heavy price for one shot in his third round of the Volvo China Open in Shanghai on Saturday - but at the end of it the 38-year-old Welshman was still on course for his first European Tour victory.
Men: Nation #39;s best wins NIT by holding off Arizona Justin Gray scored 21 for the second straight game as No.1 Wake Forest beat No.18 Arizona 63-60 for the Preseason NIT title Friday.
Buffaloes beat Huskers, turn eye to Tigers Lincoln, Neb. - When the heavy lifting was over, Colorado wide receiver Dusty Sprague had one very important question.  quot;Hey, do you know what the Missouri fight song is?
Police arrest nine after Australian island riot Police arrested nine people on a remote Australian island on Saturday after about 200 islanders protesting against the death of a man in custody burnt down a police station, police residence and a courthouse.
California's New Stem-Cell Initiative Is Already Raising Concerns Medical ethicists are concerned that the \$3 billion that California approved for embryonic stem cell research could become a bonanza for private profiteers.
Ready, set, shop THE GAZETTE. But this is a different sacred day: Black Friday, the day after Thanksgiving, the high holy day of American consumerism.
Mitsubishi Motors, Merrill Lynch tie up over US auto loans Troubled Japanese automaker Mitsubishi Motors Corp. is to tie up with Merrill Lynch and Co. in North American financing operations as part of its business rehabilitation efforts.
Computer crash hits pensions THOUSANDS of pensioners and people on benefits have been hit by a massive computer failure at the Department for Work and Pensions.
 Famitsu Reveals All Popular Japanese gaming magazine, Famitsu, seems to have gathered the juiciest bits of gossip regarding Nintendo in its latest issue.
UW Men Play in Alaska Shootout Semifinals The 22nd-ranked Washington Huskies (2-0) remain in Anchorage for the second of three consecutive games in the Great Alaska Shootout at Sullivan Arena.
Iraq's Allawi Takes Call-In Questions (AP) AP - Interim Prime Minister Ayad Allawi simply smiled during the live television show when a man called to praise terrorist mastermind Abu Musab al-Zarqawi. The Iraqi leader then moved on, offering to find information about a woman's detained son and see why a student didn't get into the graduate program of his choice.
US troops clash with Iraqi rebels Iraqi insurgents reportedly occupy a government building in the town of Khalis before being driven out by US troops.
U.S. Soldier Killed in Roadside Bomb Blast Insurgents detonated a the bomb, shortly after dawn, next to a U.S. tank patrol north of Baghdad on Saturday.
North Korea Reactor Plan Suspended  Until 2005  NEW YORK, Nov. 26 -- An international consortium said Friday that it has extended for another year a freeze on a project to build two light-water nuclear reactors in North Korea.
Ex-Venezuelan Police Chiefs Seek Asylum Two former Caracas police chiefs requested asylum at El Salvador's embassy Friday amid investigations into their handling of violent 2002 protests that left 19 people dead, their lawyer said.
Court affirms denial of Wal-Mart workers #39; class-action suit PANAMA CITY -- An appeals court has refused to reinstate class-action status for a lawsuit that sought to represent 230,000 Wal-Mart employees across Florida over allegations the company forced many of them to work without pay during breaks and after hours 
Big game hunters off the hook for bison population crash Big game hunters may be off the hook in the latest twist of a prehistoric whodunit that tries to explain why bison populations sharply crashed thousands of years ago.
Ten things we learned this week in the NBA 1. Item: At 71, Hubie Brown suddenly retired as coach of the Memphis Grizzlies Thursday night. Brown, who was 83-65 with the Grizzlies in parts of three seasons, said unexpected health issues were the cause 
More groups call for delay in elections Influential Sunni Muslim groups and Iraq #39;s two main Kurdish movements yesterday requested a delay in nationwide legislative elections set for Jan. 30, saying they feared 
Army deserter released from jail Accused US Army deserter Charles Jenkins, left, accompanied by his daughters, Mika, center, and Belinda, leaves Tokyo Women #39;s Medical University Hospital in Tokyo Saturday, Sept.
Russia finally grants visa to Dalai Lama Russia said on Friday that it would give the Dalai Lama a visa, the first it has given the Buddhist leader in a decade, but rushed to reassure China it was not supporting his demands for Tibetan autonomy.
eBay drops Microsoft's Passport SAN FRANCISCO - Online auctioneer eBay will stop supporting Microsoft's .Net Passport identification system by the end of January.
Americans flock to the stores Americans stormed the nation #39;s stores on the day after Thanksgiving, the traditional start of the key holiday shopping season, lured by cut-price toys, consumer electronics and Santa.
Moon gas may bail out energy-sapped earth A potential gas source found on the moons surface could hold the key to meeting future energy demands as the earths fossil fuels dry up in the coming decades, scientists said on Friday.
Irish eye No. 1-ranked Trojans Snoop Dogg running deep post routs for Matt Leinart. Snoop Dogg rapping and giving a pep talk inside the locker room of the top-ranked USC Trojans.
More feared dead after quake in Indonesia #39;s Papua A series of aftershocks in Indonesia #39;s remote Papua province on Saturday hampered rescue efforts a day after a major earthquake killed at least 13 people and injured 65.
Nine charged over Palm Island riot Nine men have been charged over yesterday #39;s riot on Palm Island, in north east Australia. Hans Mick reports the community #39;s police station and court house were destroyed.
Toyota Plans to Open Russian Plant (Reuters) Reuters - Toyota Motor Corp plans to build a\factory in the Russian city of St. Petersburg, the first local\production in that nation by any Japanese carmaker, company\officials were quoted by Kyodo news agency as saying.
Bush vows to work on WTO, blasts Airbus CRAWFORD, Texas - President Bush pledged Friday to work with Congress to comply with a WTO ruling in a row over payment of anti-dumping duties to US companies, and said he expected the trade body to hold Europe to account over  quot;unfair quot; subsidies to 
Havana halts EU 'cocktail wars' Cuba restores contacts with eight EU embassies in Havana, ending a bitter row over "dissident cocktail wars".
Pampling retains Aussie Open lead Richard Green holed two chip shots on Saturday to close within one stroke of fellow Australian Rod Pampling going into the final round of the centenary Australian Open golf championship.
Williams just won #39;t let it go In the end, it wasn #39;t about holding on to the No. 1 ranking or the Preseason NIT title or even the game. For Wake Forest #39;s Eric Williams, it was just about holding on to the ball.
Southeast Asian Foreign Ministers Prepare for ASEAN Summit Southeast Asian foreign ministers are finalizing a free trade agreement with China and a score of other accords in preparation for a summit meeting in Laos beginning Monday.
Search for corpses in ghost town Tamil Tigers say 30,000 people are dead or missing in the north and east of Sri Lanka.
Treasuries Fall on Report China Cuts Back on US Debt Holdings US 10-year Treasury notes fell for a fifth week after a report that a Chinese central bank official said his country trimmed its holdings of US government debt.
US Air secures funding and lease deal from GE ARLINGTON, Virginia US Airways Group said Friday that General Electric, its largest creditor, had agreed to provide the bankrupt carrier with badly needed funds as it seeks to avoid liquidation.
Ancient hunters off the hook Prehistoric hunters may be off the hook in the latest twist of a prehistoric whodunit that tries to explain why bison populations sharply crashed thousands of years ago.
Canadian rocket launch delayed until January EDMONTON - When the Da Vinci Project rocket finally makes an attempt to fly into outer space next year, it will carry aloft a soccer ball once kicked by English footballer David Beckham and an Ellen DeGeneres doll dressed in a flight suit.
Pigeons homing instincts due to their magnetic beaks! Scientist have always wondered how pigeons manage to be such good navigators and have a  #39;nose for the north #39; and now a new study has suggested that it is because they have small magnetic particles in their beaks, which helps them detect different magnetic 
Pampling struggles but maintains lead Irrespective of the conditions on day three of the Hillross Australian Open Championship, the Australian Golf Club #39;s layout was always going to provide a test of both game and character.
India feel pressure from home fans Pressure is building on the Indian team from millions of home fans to deliver their first home Test series victory in two years when they take on South Africa in the second and final Test on Sunday.
NASA plans trip to Moon With polls showing Americans desire of space exploration, NASA has received the green signal from Congress to carry out voyages to Moon and eventually to Mars.
PREVIEW-South Africa target rare series double in India South Africa have shrugged off accusations of negative tactics before the second and final test against India which starts on Sunday.
Summary Box: Move to Ease Ethics Rules (AP) AP - MOVE TO EASE ETHICS RULES: After Tom DeLay is snared in an ethics probe, House Republicans consider ways to make it harder to discipline members of Congress.
Dozens convicted in African coup plot MALABO, Equatorial Guinea A court convicted dozens of alleged mercenaries from South Africa and Armenia on Friday and sentenced them to prison terms for an alleged coup plot.
Troops find more bodies in Mosul US forces uncovered more bodies in the northern city of Mosul on Friday, apparent victims of an intimidation campaign by insurgents against Iraqs fledgling security forces.
Martha Stewart Shares Surge to High Despite her confinement in a federal women #39;s prison, homemaking maven Martha Stewart might have something to be thankful for this holiday season, after all - shares of her media company bounced to their highest level in more than three years during 
Now, peace moves in Reliance group Senior industrialists, religious leaders and politicians have swung into action to mediate between the warring Ambani brothers, Mukesh and Anil, even as a Reliance Industries spokesperson on Friday ruled out chances of Mukesh dragging his brother to court 
NASA moves forward with Bush #39;s moon and Mars plan With a green light from Congress, NASA is moving swiftly to carry out President George W. Bush #39;s ambitious plan to return robots and humans to the moon and eventually to Mars.
Bush, Clinton to Lead Tsunami Fund Raising (AP) AP - President Bush enlisted two former presidents for an ambitious private fund-raising drive for victims of the deadly tsunami on Monday, asking Americans to open their wallets to help the millions left homeless, hungry and injured.
No. 13 Maryland 84, No. 25 Memphis 61 Maryland kept stealing the ball, running for layups and hitting shots. Led by John Gilchrist, the No. 13 Terrapins dominated No. 25 Memphis.
Johnson Set for New York Yankees Trade (Reuters) Reuters - Arizona Diamondback pitcher Randy\Johnson appeared bound for the Big Apple Monday, after Major\League commissioner Bud Selig approved a deal that would send\the five-time Cy Young award winner to the Yankees.
Ganguly to captain Asia in tsunami fundraising match (Reuters) Reuters - India's Saurav Ganguly will captain Asia against the world eleven in next week's one-day international to raise funds for the victims of the Indian Ocean earthquake disaster.
Titans QB Faces Possible Shoulder Surgery (AP) AP - The Tennessee Titans already have one quarterback recovering from surgery. They aren't in a hurry to operate on backup Billy Volek's throwing shoulder if they can avoid that.
Cingular to Sell Select Assets to Alltel Cingular Wireless LLC agreed to sell and swap certain assets with Alltel Corp. for \$170 million in cash as part of the company #39;s required divestitures following Cingular #39;s acquisition of AT amp;T Wireless Services Inc.
FIC to Roll Out Linux Video Player (Ziff Davis) Ziff Davis - FIC's "Vassili" includes a 3.6-inch color LCD screen and a 20GB hard drive, and can play multimedia content downloaded directly or via a TiVo
Computer crash to delay pension and benefit payments Payments to tens of thousands of people who receive state pensions and benefits will be delayed after a computer crash at the Department of Work and Pensions.
Scientists create smart phone that doubles as your nanny Scientists at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) are working on software that will get to know you as well as your best mate - and even offers you advice.
Apple inventory update: iMacs, iPods in strong demand Data reveals strong demand for Apple #39;s iMac G5 and iPod products as the holiday shopping season kicks off. PowerBooks and eMacs are approaching the end of their life cycle, recent Apple inventory data has revealed.
Nebraska #39;s loss is a bowl-breaker Cedric Benson ran for 165 yards and a touchdown to lead the Longhorns over the Aggies in Austin, Texas. Vince Young added a touchdown run and 224 yards total for the Longhorns (10-1, 7-1 Big 12), who earned 
The  #39;basketbrawl #39; in Detroit We #39;re all taught in elementary school a universal principle:  quot;Two wrongs don #39;t make a right. quot;. What happened in the NBA game between the Detroit Pistons and the Indiana Pacers is a perfect example of how true that principle is.
Dodd Maintains China Open Lead (AP) AP - Wales' Stephen Dodd overcame a triple bogey to shoot a 2-under 70 on Saturday and maintain a three-stroke lead after the third round of the China Open, the first event of the 2005 PGA European Tour schedule.
Tributes to tragic Gurkhas The London-based security firm which employed four former Gurkhas killed in a rocket attack on their compound in Baghdad have paid tribute to them as  quot;brave and professional individuals quot;.
EU official says Darfur violence worse since pact inked The EU #39;s aid chief said the violence in Sudan #39;s Darfur region had worsened since the government and rebels signed new security agreements two weeks ago.
Smith doubtful for second Test South Africa captain Graeme Smith is a doubtful starter for the second Test match against India starting from Sunday in Kolkata.  quot;He hurt his foot in the morning.
It #39;s time for Christmas tree sales Bob Lemos of Lemos Farm on Highway 92 near Half Moon Bay is optimistic about the Christmas tree season. He started selling trees last weekend, he said.
Alltel buying up Cingular castoffs Alltel Corp. wasted little time in seizing opportunities created by last months Cingular Wireless-AT amp;T Wireless merger, announcing plans Friday to buy most of the assets that US regulators asked Cingular to sell.
Cuba Renews Contact With European Nations (AP) AP - The Cuban government has resumed formal diplomatic contacts with eight European nations, including France, Germany and Britain, Foreign Minister Felipe Perez Roque said Monday.
Video watchdogs say almost all new games are M-rated This season #39;s blockbuster video games give players the opportunity to hijack cars, mow down the walking undead with heavy artillery and ogle topless women.
Australia in total control over NZ New Zealand were forced to endure another demoralising day in the field on Saturday and then lost two early wickets after Australia declared their first innings on a massive 575 for eight in the second Test.
Riot not premeditated: Palm Is leaders Community leaders on Palm Island off north Queensland have rejected suggestions yesterday #39;s riot was premeditated. The community remains calm but tense, with police reinforcements sent to the island today.
Former rebel blasts Prabhakaran, wants India in peace process: World News: Colombo, Nov 27 : Tamil Tigers chief Velupillai Prabhakaran was Saturday dubbed a Hitler by an aide-turned-foe who called for an Indian role in Sri Lanka #39;s fumbling peace process.
Myanmar frees 500 more prisoners told Reuters on Thursday it was simply taking time to bring people to Yangon from around the country. where she is without a telephone and requires military permission to meet visitors.
Hooters Air brings flights to Rockford Hooters Air will begin offering nonstop flights out of the Greater Rockford Airport in early 2005 to Denver, Atlanta and Las Vegas, officials said.
Pigeons homing instincts due to their magnetic beaks!: World News: Washington, Nov 27 : Scientist have always wondered how pigeons manage to be such good navigators and have a  #39;nose for the north #39; and now a new study has suggested that it is because they have small magnetic particles in their beaks, which 
SA skipper Smith suffers foot injury Kolkata: South African skipper Graeme Smith suffered an injury to his left foot in a minor accident near the team hotel here today.
Turnpike Opts Against Waiving Tolls Sunday November 27, 2004 - The Pennsylvania Turnpike Commission says it lost 2 (M) million dollars on Wednesday when tolls were waived on the first day of the toll takers strike.
Stumps bounce back Bee Garden Writer. Contrary to popular belief, Christmas tree farming is no longer a matter of clear-cutting stands of evergreens.
FDA Marks Thanksgiving With Two Approvals Biotechnology and pharmaceutical stocks were nearly flat during the holiday-shortened week as two long-awaited drugs received Food and Drug Administration approval.
NYSE trading in takeover target #39;s shares halted SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW) -- Gold Fields Ltd. welcomed Friday a decision handed down by a South African appeals court that the company said temporarily blocks Harmony Gold Mining Ltd.
Mitsubishi may partner with Merrill Mitsubishi Motors Corp, Japan #39;s only money-losing car maker, and US brokerage firm Merrill Lynch plan to set up a joint venture in North America, the Nihon Keizai Shimbun said Saturday.
Canada draws bead on Imperial Tobacco Canadian authorities have raided the offices of Imperial Tobacco in their hunt for evidence of cigarette smuggling during the late 1980s and early 1990s.
Amar Singh urges Kokila Behn to resolve RIL issue Samajwadi Party leader Amar Singh has appealed to Dhirubhai Ambani #39;s widow Kokilabehn to settle the differences between her sons Mukesh Ambani and Anil Ambani who run India #39;s largest private sector company.
Texas Beats A M, Lobbies for BCS Invite (AP) AP - Moments after Texas beat Texas A amp;M, Longhorns coach Mack Brown was busying lobbying for an at-large bid to the Bowl Championship Series. No. 6 Texas (10-1, 7-1 Big 12) guaranteed at least another week of arguing over just who belongs in the BCS, beating Texas A amp;M 26-13 Friday.
U.S. Sends in Secret Weapon: Saddam's Old Commandos (Reuters) Reuters - Twenty months after\toppling Saddam Hussein, U.S. troops still battling his\followers in the heart of Iraq's old arms industry are hitting\back with a new weapon -- ex-members of Saddam's special\forces.
Wake Forest Edges Arizona to Win NIT (AP) AP - Justin Gray scored 21 points for the second straight game and No. 1 Wake Forest beat No. 18 Arizona 63-60 Friday night in the championship game of the 16-team Preseason NIT, a game that had a March feel to it in late November.
Bhutto's Husband Wants Fresh Election in Pakistan (Reuters) Reuters - Former Pakistani Prime Minister Benazir\Bhutto's husband said on Saturday only fresh elections and an\end to military rule could lead to a rapprochement between\Bhutto's party and President Pervez Musharraf.
Colts Thrive in Grueling Four-Game Stretch (AP) AP - Indianapolis Colts defensive tackle Montae Reagor could feel the weariness long before Thursday's game at Detroit. The constant hits, the barrage of meetings, the quick pivots from game plan to game plan had already worn down his body and mind. But Reagor and his teammates never succumbed to the Colts' most grueling test of the season  #151; playing four games in 18 days.
Legendary venture capitalist looks ahead Since founding Sequoia Capital in 1972, he #39;s helped nurture some of the Valley #39;s biggest successes, including Apple Computer, Cisco Systems, Electronic Arts and Oracle.
Name that tune -- then find it with GoFish (SiliconValley.com) SiliconValley.com - A new search engine launches Monday aimed at helping music lovers find tunes across a growing number of online music stores.
Intel Slammed As Apple Becomes More Appealing Tech stocks were mixed for the holiday week, with analyst revisions moving key sector players. Intel (nasdaq: INTC - news - people ) shares fell tumbled Tuesday after Credit Suisse First Boston lowered the 
Death deluge makes forest mulch The sudden boost trillions of cicadas dying en masse give to North American forests is apparent from a new study published in Science magazine.
A virtual disgrace Regarding the creation of a John F. Kennedy assassination video  quot;game, quot;  quot;JFK Reloaded, quot; developed by Kirk Ewing for Traffic Games of Scotland: How truly unfortunate that this firm is so hard 
Sony cornered by iPod fashion Juliana Sasaki didnt bother checking out Sonys digital music player before buying her green iPod mini.  quot;I knew Sony and other companies had MP3 players, but they cant beat the mini, quot; says Sasaki, 23, a language teacher.
Hall of a time November 27, 2004 -- Forget the hoopla over the newly reopened Museum of Modern Art. Hop on the 7 train to Flushing, Queens, and you can go to Mars or the ice moon Europa, just past Jupiter.
Researchers Develop 3-D Phone Technology TOKYO - It #39;s an idea that was popularized by Princess Leia #39;s plea for help in Star Wars: sending a 3-D hologram. Now, two Japanese scientists have developed technology they hope will one day turn the humble 
Germany Wins Women's Under-19 Soccer Title (AP) AP - Germany won the FIFA Under-19 Women's World Championship on Saturday with a 2-0 victory over China.
Stepping out of shadows of WiFi (SiliconValley.com) SiliconValley.com - Bluetooth -- a short-range wireless technology -- is finally coming of age.
Pakistani Troops Leaving Tribal Region (AP) AP - The Pakistan army said Saturday it will withdraw hundreds of troops from a tense tribal region near Afghanistan where Osama bin Laden and his top deputy were believed to be hiding.
Bush visit, new relationship with U.S. fraught with political risk for Martin (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - OTTAWA (CP) - It's being likened to a roll of the dice.
Pampling tackles Open grill GOLF has changed a lot in the 100 years since the captain of the Drouin Golf Club in Victoria, the Honourable Michael Scott, won the first Australian Open.
Mini China crisis for Stephen STEPHEN DODD paid a heavy price for one slack shot in his third round of the Volvo China Open in Shanghai today. But after nine holes, the 38-year-old Welshman still led.
Nets #39; slide reaches eight Throughout the day, dark clouds hovered above downtown Seattle, a fitting site for a Nets team off to one of its dreariest starts to a season.
Harry #39;s argy-bargy PRINCE Charles has asked Scotland Yard for an in-depth report on his son Harry #39;s trip to Argentina after reports of excessive drinking and a kidnap plot.
Hunt for weapons cache PREMIER Peter Beattie has appealed for calm on Palm Island, amid fears that hidden weapons and a large supply of alcohol could fuel more riots.
Telescope Buying Tips (SPACE.com) SPACE.com - As we approach the holiday \  season, many people may consider the purchase of a telescope. You might already \  have seen telescope ads in newspapers, catalogues or on TV shopping channels. \  A typical ad might say something like this:
Artificial Gravity: A New Spin on an Old Idea (SPACE.com) SPACE.com - Keeping an astronaut crew in tip-top shape during lengthy treks to and from distant Mars may demand portable gravity.
Army deserter Jenkins released in Japan US Army deserter Charles Jenkins was released from military jail on Saturday after serving 25 days for abandoning his squadron in 1965 and defecting to North Korea, where he lived for nearly four decades.
Father hopes for Damilola justice The father of Damilola Taylor remains confident four years after his son's murder that the killer will be caught.
Death deluge makes forest mulch The sudden boost trillions of cicadas dying en masse give to North American forest soils is apparent from a new study.
Ukraine Parliament Says Run-Off Poll Invalid Ukraine's parliament declared invalid the disputed presidential election, a non-binding move demonstrating the country's rising dissatisfaction with the outcome.
FireFox as a Security Risk Compared to IE? A not-so anonymous Anonymous Coward asks:  quot;The administrator at my work gave me the following reason for not using Mozilla. What do you think?
New Kazaa version to offer free Internet-based phone calls Sharman Networks Limited has launched Kazaa v3.0. This latest version includes the integration of Skype, which allows users to make free online calls anywhere in the world, using peer-to-peer (P2P) technology.
IAEA Diplomats See Agreement on Iran Next Week The International Atomic Energy Agency Board of Governors has put off a resolution on Iran #39;s nuclear program until Monday, to allow more time for European countries and Tehran to finalize a deal to freeze Iran #39;s uranium enrichment program.
UN slams British jails A United Nations anti-torture body has criticised Britain for the  quot;unsatisfactory quot; conditions in its prisons, including a  quot;substantial number of deaths in custody quot;, urging it to act at once to improve them.
Nawaz, Benazir agree on signing code of ethics ISLAMABAD: PML-N leader Mian Nawaz Sharif has presented a proposal to PPP-P chairperson, Benazir Bhutto for signing a code of ethics by both the parties for the sake of beginning of new democratic era in the country and the latter has okayed the proposal.
WTO Imposes Penalties on US Exports The World Trade Organization imposed penalties Friday on US exports ranging from apples to textiles, escalating a trade dispute the Bush administration has struggled to defuse by unsuccessfully 
Wal-Mart Says November Sales Fell Short of Forecast; Rose 0.7 Wal-Mart Stores Inc., the world #39;s largest retailer, estimated November sales at US stores open at least a year rose about 0.7 percent, less than its forecast, as the company scaled back 
England players hit out ENGLAND #39;S players hit out at cricket #39;s authorities last night. They claimed they had been used as  quot;political pawns quot; after the Zimbabwe government produced a spectacular U-turn to ensure the controversial one-day series will go ahead.
Wal-Mart Sees Nov. U.S. Sales Up 0.7 Pct (Reuters) Reuters - Wal-Mart Stores Inc. , the\world's largest retailer, said on Saturday it expects a 0.7\percent increase in November sales at its U.S. stores open at\least one year, down from a forecast of 2 percent to 4 percent\a week ago.
Bonham and Hinchey: Fans and players alike should embrace civility Last week #39;s basketball brawl in Detroit, triggered by an on-court fight that spilled into the stands when a fan tossed a drink, has set the sports world buzzing.
Unbeaten Inter take on Juventus THERE can #39;t be many times when the only unbeaten team in the division goes into a match with the leaders with 15 points to make up.
APHC Real Kashmiri Representative: Islamabad Islamabad, Nov. 27 (NNN) : Rejecting Indias assertion to the contrary, Pakistan has said that the All Parties Hurriyat Conference (APHC) is the real representative of Kashmiri people.
Tamil Tigers threaten to resume war Sri Lanka #39;s feared Tamil Tiger rebels have threatened to resume a two-decade war for self-rule that killed more than 64,000 people if the government does not agree to discuss their demands soon.
UN urges UK to review foreign suspect detention policy The United Nations Committee Against Torture has urged Britain to carry out a review of its policy of detaining foreign suspects indefinitely under anti-terrorism laws.
Kazaa under Big Music #39;s gun p2pnet.net News:- With its renewed attacks on US p2p file sharers and its latest effort to turn Canada into another marketing and sales division going nicely, the Big Four music cartel are again turning their attention to Australia and Sharman Networks 
Germany wins women #39;s under-19 soccer title; US is third Germany won the FIFA Under-19 Women #39;s World Championship on Saturday with a 2-0 victory over China. The United States finished third, beating Brazil 3-0 in the earlier game.
Bhutto #39;s Husband Wants Fresh Election in Pakistan Former Pakistani Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto #39;s husband said on Saturday only fresh elections and an end to military rule could lead to a rapprochement between Bhutto #39;s party and President Pervez Musharraf.
SA helped save Zim cricket tour South African cricket played a key role in behind-the-scenes negotiations to save the England tour of Zimbabwe. The tour went ahead this week when the Zimbabwean government allowed the entire media contingent 
Rough Reception for DNA Law California voters approve an aggressive DNA-collection program -- basically anyone held in connection with a felony will be tested -- and that has privacy advocates worried. By Julia Scheeres.
Travel Upstarts Take on Top Sites A new breed of specialty search engines promise to deliver the best bargains to travelers using the web to find the best airfares and accommodations. They're challenging established sites like Travelocity, Expedia and Orbitz.
Suit: Check Provisional Ballots A watchdog group tries to stop an Ohio county's elections board from rejecting thousands of provisional ballots until they are hand checked against voter registration cards.
Mitsubishi Motors, Merrill Lynch tie up over US auto loans TOKYO : Troubled Japanese automaker Mitsubishi Motors Corp. will tie up with Merrill Lynch and Co. in North American financing operations as part of its business rehabilitation efforts.
Rwanda Retains Right to Attack Rebels in Congo (Reuters) Reuters - Rwanda can and will strike Rwandan\rebels in Congo if little continues to be done to disarm them,\but Kigali is not spoiling for a fight, President Paul Kagame\said on Saturday after meeting his Congolese counterpart.
Study finds cicada carcasses boost soil nutrients, plant growth Their decaying carcasses gave a super-size boost in nutrients to forest soil and stimulated seed and nitrogen production in a plant important to the forest ecosystem, researchers reported in Friday #39;s issue of the journal Science.
Micro-generators rev up the power A new micro-generator developed at the Georgia Institute of Technology holds promise for micro-generator technology #39;s future in electronics devices.
Mandaric: I #39;m not here to be popular Chairman Milan Mandaric has sought to reconcile the club with fans before Portsmouth #39;s predicament descends into pantomime farce by insisting:  #39;I #39;m behind you.
Langer stars as Kiwis fade Adelaide - New Zealand lost both their opening batsmen in the final session as Australia, led by Justin Langer #39;s third career double century, held a 519-run lead after the second day of the second cricket Test on Saturday.
Proteas skipper injures foot SOUTH AFRICAN captain Graeme Smith sustained a freak injury off the field but was likely to play in the second Test against India, a team official said today.
Pak insists Hurriyat real representative of Kashmiris Insisting that Hurriyat Conference is the real representative of Kashmiris, Pakistan has claimed that India is not ready to accept ground realities in Kashmir.
Nine arrested after Australian island riot protesting against the death of a man in custody burnt down a police station, police residence and a courthouse. northeast coast, said Queensland state police minister Judy Spence.
Pope returns relics to eastern Orthodox Pope John Paul returned relics of two early Christian saints to the Patriarch of Constantinople Saturday in another bid to warm ties with eastern Orthodoxy.
Wal-Mart Sees Nov. US Sales Up 0.7 Pct Wal-Mart Stores Inc. (WMT.N: Quote, Profile, Research) , the world #39;s largest retailer, said on Saturday it expects a 0.7 percent increase in November sales at its US stores open at least 
Rovers win precious points Blackburn Rovers got their first away win of the season beating Fulham 2-0 at Craven Cottage on Saturday. Paul Gallagher #39;s 10th-minute strike and a Paul Dickov penalty with 13 minutes remaining sealed the 
Researchers Develop 3-D Phone Technology TOKYO Nov 24, 2004 - It #39;s an idea that was popularized by Princess Leia #39;s plea for help in Star Wars: sending a 3-D hologram.
UPDATE 1-Myskina beats Golovin for Russia to level at 1-1 Anastasia Myskina kept Russia #39;s Fed Cup hopes alive by beating Moscow-born Tatiana Golovin 6-4 7-6 in the second singles of the competition final against holders France on Saturday, levelling the score at 1-1.
Morales tries to prove that he #39;s worth the weight The fine, pure hate that Erik Morales has for Marco Antonio Barrera might be motivation enough for the Tijuana fighter here tonight, but there also is a more tangible factor in his favor.
Rams cut veteran Landeta The St. Louis Rams yesterday released punter Sean Landeta and signed Kevin Stemke to replace him. Landeta, 42, was one of only two former USFL players still in action in the NFL.
 #39;Turn other cheek #39; doesn #39;t work either Minor league hockey player Dan Sullivan was suspended for 18 fewer games for mooning fans than Indiana Pacer Stephen Jackson was (30) for trying to punch their lights out.
Sri Lankan rebel leader threatens to launch freedom struggle The Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam (LTTE) leader said Saturday the rebels would be compelled tolaunch the freedom struggle for the Tamil nation if peace talks were further delayed, the pro-rebel website TamilNet said.
Barghouti Backs Abbas in Palestinian Race (AP) AP - Jailed Palestinian uprising leader Marwan Barghouti dropped out of the race to replace Yasser Arafat on Friday, agreeing to support the candidacy of interim leader Mahmoud Abbas in a move intended to head off a split in the ruling Fatah movement.
Pakistan Downplays CIA Report on Leaks (AP) AP - Pakistan on Saturday downplayed suggestions that a new CIA report indicates that a renegade scientist provided more help to Iran's nuclear weapons program than previously disclosed.
Wal-Mart Sees November Sales Up 0.7 Pct Wal-Mart Stores Inc. (WMT.N: Quote, Profile, Research) , the world #39;s largest retailer, said on Saturday it expects a 0.7 percent increase in November sales at its US stores open at least 
New multiple sclerosis drug near patients Biogen Idec Inc. #39;s Tysabri drug for multiple sclerosis may reach patients as soon as next week, and doctors said they plan to prescribe it first to patients who are no longer being helped by older medicines.
Canadian Dollar Gains for Fifth Week in Six on Rate Prospects Canada #39;s dollar gained for the fifth week in six, reaching the highest since January 1992, on speculation the central bank will lift its interest-rate target next month.
Sorenstam Plays Tiger Woods in Skins Game (AP) AP - Annika Sorenstam is mixing it up with the men again, and this time the competition includes Tiger Woods. Sorenstam and Woods will play against each other for the first time when they tee off Saturday in the Skins Game at the Trilogy Golf Club in the middle of the desert.
St. John's Bans Hoops Team From Postseason (AP) AP - St. John's imposed two years of penalties on its men's basketball team Friday after an investigation revealed a former player was given cash by an athletic department employee.
Forecast maps on trackfor new look Instead of the skinny black line, showing a hurricane #39;s forecast track, forecasters have drafted a couple of alternative graphics to depict where the storms might go -- and they want your opinion.
Chargers Confident Going Into Jets Rematch (AP) AP - A lot has changed for the San Diego Chargers since the mid-September afternoon when Drew Brees threw two interceptions, lost a fumble and sustained a concussion in a home loss to the New York Jets.
Football: Chelsea stay top John Terry's brace helps Chelsea move five points clear at the top of the table.
Locust alert in Canary Islands  A state of alert is ordered as swarms of locusts from Africa arrive in Spain's Canary Islands.
New Kazaa version to feature online calling Moving beyond media downloads, leading peer-to-peer (P2P) file-sharing company Kazaa, is now offering free, Internet-based telephone service via the Skype voice over Internet protocol (VoIP) application.
Blogger Uncovers Microsoft PR Gaffe The Public Relations India blog claims that Microsoft or its PR agency released this photo of the new MSN Search ... .. to AP using the IE competitor browser, Mozilla Firefox.
Live hunting online draws opposition The San Antonio resident set up the Web site, did a little research and recently launched his Internet service that allows registered users to shoot actual .22 rifles at paper targets via their computer.
P2P Company Gets Approval from Record Labels  quot;A small peer-to-peer start-up has won rights from three of the four major record labels to distribute their music online. The deals with Peer Impact, a new division of online marketing company Wurld Media 
Myskina salvages Fed Cup tie for Russia vs. France MOSCOW -- French Open champion Anastasia Myskina pulled Russia into a 1-1 tie with defending champion France at the Fed Cup final Saturday after US Open winner Svetlana Kuznetsova lost the first singles match.
Windies tour in hands of pollies POLITICAL heavyweights have intervened in a bid to end the West Indies contracts dispute which threatens the one-day series in Australia.
CAPTAIN FANTASTIC GIVES POMPEY HEART Arjan De Zeeuw played a captains role to the full as the Portsmouth players superbly shrugged off a week of internal turmoil. The Dutch defender grabbed the winner in a 1-0 triumph against Bolton at the 
Pirates send Kendall to Athletics PITTSBURGH The Pittsburgh Pirates have traded catcher Jason Kendall to the Oakland Athletics for left-handers Mark Redman and Arthur Rhodes.
UPDATE 2-Rugby-Australia edge out England in Twickenham thriller Australia showed all their famed resilience to withstand a fierce fightback by England and beat the world champions 21-19 in a thunderous World Cup final repeat on Saturday.
Justin Langer smashes New Zealand Nothing much changed for New Zealand on day 2 of the second test match between Australia and New Zealand. Australia are dominating like they did on the first day and with Justin Langer completing his double 
Springboks bounce back South Africa gained revenge for their surprise defeat at Murrayfield two years ago with a convincing 45-10 victory over Scotland in Edinburgh.
Democracy campaigner enters race A PALESTINIAN democracy activist who has campaigned for non-violent resistance to Israeli occupation said today he would run for president to succeed Yasser Arafat.
Chinese Police Detain Man In Bloody Knife Attack At School Americas Amber Alert News Center(BEIJING China) AP--BEIJING -- Chinese police have detained a man accused of hacking to death as many as nine boys as they slept in a high school dormitory in central China.
Francophone summit ends with resolution on Ivory Coast OUAGADOUGOU (AFP) - Leaders from 36 French-speaking countries wrapped up a summit in Burkina Faso, with a call to the protagonists in the Ivory Coast conflict to implement a French-brokered pact to restore peace.
Tigers to resume  #39; #39;freedom struggle #39; #39; if talks not resumed Colombo, Nov 27 (UNI) The LTTE today threatened to resume the  #39; #39;freedom struggle #39; #39; if the Sri Lankan Government did not resume the peace talks on the basis of its proposal for an interim self-rule.
Sudan Lifts State of Emergency in North Darfur Sudan said it had lifted all restrictions on aid workers and revoked a state of emergency in the troubled North Darfur state on Saturday, after rebels pulled out from a town they occupied last week.
Hut by Hut, AIDS Steals Life in a Southern Africa Town What happens to a society when its fulcrum - its mothers and fathers, teachers, nurses, farm workers - die in their prime?
Colombian Rebels Planned to Kill President Bush &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; BOGOTA, Colombia (Reuters) - President Bush was targetedfor assassination by Colombia's biggest Marxist rebel groupthis week when he visited the Caribbean port city of Cartagena,a top Colombian official said on Saturday.&lt;/p&gt;
Icahn enters Hollywood picture Hollywood Entertainment Corp. discovered Friday that it might have another suitor in the suddenly crowded field bidding to take over the Wilsonville-based video rental chain.
Mitsubishi Motors to Sell \$2 Bln of Loans to Merrill (Update4) Mitsubishi Motors Corp. said it will sell \$2 billion of US auto loans to Merrill Lynch  amp; Co. to help the automaker reduce debt.
Notre Dame LOS ANGELES (Ticker) -- Top-ranked Southern California tries to win a school-record 21st straight home game and post a 20th consecutive victory overall when it hosts rival Notre Dame on Saturday.
India in high spirits before second Test: Sports India, Cricket: Kolkata, Nov 27 : With the revocation of captain Sourav Ganguly #39;s two-match suspension, a resurgent Indian team is looking forward to the second and final Test against South Africa beginning at the Eden Gardens here Sunday.
3 GIs killed in Iraq attack A US soldier was killed yesterday in a roadside bomb attack on a military vehicle north of Baghdad while two marines were killed Thursday in the western Iraqi city of Fallujah, the US military said.
Habana scores two tries as Springboks outplay Scots 45-10 in rugby Bryan Habana scored two intercept tries in his first start and Jaco van der Westhuyzen collected a try and three drop goals Saturday as Tri Nations champion South Africa outplayed Scotland 45-10 at Murrayfield.
OPEC Unlikely to Change Quotas -Nigeria (Reuters) Reuters - OPEC oil producers are unlikely to\change output quotas at their December 10 ministerial meeting\and have no need yet to rein in a supply surge that has begun\to ease record prices, Nigeria's top oil official said on\Saturday.
Argentine Protesters on Streets Over Fatal Fire  BUENOS AIRES, Argentina (Reuters) - Thousands of Argentines  mourning almost 200 young victims of a rock club fire took to  the streets of Buenos Aires on Monday to protest the  government's safety standards, as the city mayor resisted  pressure to resign.
FCC is watching SBC #39;s VoIP charge WASHINGTON--The Federal Communications Commission is keeping and eye on SBC Communications #39; new connection charge for calls made over the Internet.
Peru Orders Curfew in Siege Town  LIMA, Peru (Reuters) - The Peruvian government put a  southern Andean town under curfew on Monday after launching a  military offensive to retake a police station held for three  days by ex-soldiers demanding the president's resignation.
Calls for Iraq Poll Delay Fuel Tension (Reuters) Reuters - Iraq's main Shi'ite parties insisted on\Saturday that elections should go ahead on Jan. 30 as planned,\rejecting mounting calls from Sunni and secular politicians to\postpone the polls because of guerrilla violence.
Once-Proud Niners, Dolphins Flounder (AP) AP - Bill Walsh and Don Shula might want to avert their eyes from this one. Twenty seasons after the San Francisco 49ers and the Miami Dolphins faced each other in two of their 10 combined trips to the Super Bowl, they've become the NFL's two most miserable franchises.
Soccer Racism Taints Spain's Reputation (AP) AP - Spaniards used to say they lived in one of Europe's most racially tolerant countries. Soccer has shattered that myth. In Madrid's Santiago Bernabeu stadium  #151; the Yankee Stadium of soccer  #151; Spanish fans bellowed out monkey noises last week each time a black English player touched the ball in a match between England and Spain.
Arctic States Agree Small Steps to Slow Thaw Eight Arctic countries agreed on small steps to brake a rapid thaw of the region on Wednesday with indigenous peoples accusing Washington of 
John Hall Returns As Redskins Kicker (AP) AP - Washington Redskins kicker John Hall will be back in uniform Sunday after missing five games with a groin injury.
Silent march in France on 100th day of captivity of journalists held in Iraq (AFP) AFP - Hundreds of people marked the 100 days in captivity of two French reporters in Iraq with a silent march through a western French town, while the family of one of the kidnapped men appealed for their release before Christmas.
White salutes Van der Westhuyzen South Africa coach Jake White praised fly-half Jaco van der Westhuyzen after his try-scoring contribution in the 45-10 win over Scotland at Murrayfield.
Insurgents Target Iraqi Security Forces (AP) AP - The warning left in the garage of Omar Hameed, Iraqi National Guardsman, showed two bloody swords and a message: "If you don't quit your job in three days, you will be killed."
Tamil Tigers warn of resumed violence Sri Lanka #39;s Tamil Tiger insurgency is threatening to resume armed struggles unless the government accepts the rebels #39; blueprint for self-rule.
Chelsea Routs Charlton in Premier League (AP) AP - Chelsea routed Charlton 4-0 on Saturday behind two goals by defender John Terry to open a five-point lead at the top of the Premier League.
Inaugural Speeches Often Don't Inspire (AP) AP - Ask not why so few inaugural speeches resonate long after they are given.
Newsview: Political Rhetoric Has Price (AP) AP - President Bush says politicians should say what they mean. But doing so can sometimes be an invitation to disaster, as Arlen Specter, John Kerry, John Snow and Bush himself can attest.
Ailing US chief justice to miss work again: report (AFP) AFP - US Chief Justice William Rehnquist, who has been diagnosed with thyroid cancer, will again miss work when the Supreme Court reconvenes Monday, according to a report.
Newfoundland's flag flap with Ottawa raises ire among some Labradorians (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - HAPPY VALLEY-GOOSE BAY, Nfld. (CP) - Hurt and insulted by their premier's decision to pull down Canadian flags across the province, some patriotic Labradorians plan to raise the Maple Leaf in protest Tuesday.
Vatican returns relics of saints to Istanbul VATICAN CITY -- Pope John Paul is returning centuries-old relics of two Orthodox Christian saints in an effort to bridge the divide between the two churches.
Simmering Trade Disputes Will Greet Bush in Canada Canadians remember two things about Ronald Reagan #39;s trip to Quebec City in 1985: his rendition of  quot;When Irish Eyes Are Smiling quot; with Prime Minister Brian Mulroney, and the announcement 
Barghouthi Drops Palestinian Election Bid . Palestinian leader Marwan Barghouthi, who is illegally jailed in Israeli occupation prison, will not run in the Palestinian presidential election, an official 
Building a better turkey through biotech Most of the turkeys gracing the nation #39;s dinner tables Thursday have been selectively bred for their white meat for so many generations that simply walking 
Chelsea surge into five point lead LONDON, England -- England defender John Terry scored twice as Chelsea crushed Charlton Athletic 4-0 to go five points clear at the top of the English Premier League.
Italy beats US Eagles Italy fought off a strong second-half comeback by the United States and won its rugby union Test 43-25 on Saturday. Flyhalf Luciano Orquera scored 20 points including a try, and winger 
Iran dug tunnel for military nuclear work-magazine BERLIN - Iran is working on a secret nuclear programme for military purposes despite promising the European Union it would halt all activities related to uranium enrichment, the news magazine Der Spiegel said on Saturday.
Palestinians disband feared security force Palestinian officials have disbanded a Gaza security force feared by civilians and under fire by human rights groups in one of the first concrete steps toward security reform in months, says a security official.
Romanians Have Stark Choice in Election (AP) AP - When Romanians pick a president Sunday, their main choice is between the forces of the past  #151; flawed but comfortingly familiar  #151; and an inexperienced challenger promising a dynamic, Western-leaning future.
Pro-government Sudanese militia kill 16 in Darfur: SLM (AFP) AFP - Sudan's pro-government Janjaweed militia killed 16 people in a western village in the troubled Darfur region, a spokesman of the rebel Sudan Liberation Movement told AFP by telephone.
Young Afghan heart patient, once deathly ill, leaves Canada in good health (AFP) AFP - A 10-year-old Afghan boy saved from death after being airlifted to Canada for emergency heart surgery has flown home with a new lease on life.
Harper maintains message consistent in Quebec and rest of Canada (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - QUEBEC (CP) - Stephen Harper denied accusations of political opportunism in Quebec on Saturday, saying he wants voters in the province to chose the Conservatives for principles that apply across the country.
Ambani v Ambani SO what if ownership issues crop up in the Rs 90,000-plus crore Reliance group even if Mukesh, the elder of the two Ambani brothers, seeks to say there is none?
Pedro Martinez Meets With Mets' GM (AP) AP - Free agent Pedro Martinez met with the general manager of the New York Mets in his home country, a month after helping the Boston Red Sox win their first World Series title since 1918, a baseball source told The Associated Press.
Scholes: We Must Make Up For Lost Time Paul Scholes grabbed his third goal in three games with a brace against West Brom on Saturday, and then urged United to make up for their sluggish start to the campaign.
City #39;s run of form continues Manchester City recorded back-to-back Premiership wins for the first time since April 2003 with a well-deserved win over Aston Villa at Eastlands.
Barrerra vs Morales  quot;Mexican World War 3 quot; Tonight on HBO PPV, only one of the two brave warriors will emerge with the bragging rights as to which one is the superior Mexican fighter, The Baby Faced Assassin Marco Antonio Barrera or Erik El Terrible Morales?
Firefighters die in roof collapse SEVEN Swiss firefighters were presumed dead today after they were trapped under the collapsed roof of a burning underground car park.
Law change call for terror cases David Blunkett is being urged to bring forward plans to allow phone-tapping evidence in UK courts so trials of foreign terror suspects can go ahead.
No. 5 Illinois Beats No. 24 Gonzaga 89-72 (AP) AP - Deron Williams scored 20 points to lead No. 5 Illinois to a 89-72 win over No. 24 Gonzaga on Saturday in the John Wooden Tradition at Conseco Fieldhouse.
Saudi Police Shoot Dead Suspect Militant in Jeddah (Reuters) Reuters - Saudi security forces shot dead a\suspected militant on Saturday in a clash in the Red Sea port\city of Jeddah, police and witnesses said.
We #39;ll quit tour if we have to meet Mugabe, warns England skipper HARARE (AFP) - England skipper Michael Vaughan turned up the pressure ahead of the opening match against Zimbabwe by warning that his team will quit the tour if they are forced to meet Robert Mugabe.
Kiwis in trouble after Langers double Adelaide, November 27: Justin Langer made 215 of Australias 575 for eight declared before New Zealand stumbled to 56 for two at the close of the second days play in the second Test on Saturday.
Martinez meets with Mets GM in Dominican Republic Free agent Pedro Martinez met with the general manager of the New York Mets in his home country, a month after helping the Boston Red Sox win their first World Series title since 1918, a baseball source told The Associated Press.
Lyon seek return to winning ways French champions Olympique Lyon hope to regain their momentum when they meet ambitious AJ Auxerre on Saturday. The Ligue 1 leaders have won only one of their last four games, losing for the first time this 
Wiltord helps leaders Lyon beat Auxerre Sylvain Wiltord scored one goal and made another as he returned to lead Olympique Lyon to a 2-1 victory over AJ Auxerre in a Ligue 1 game on Saturday.
No. 10 Michigan State Routs Nicholls St. (AP) AP - Led by Maurice Ager's 19 points, No. 10 Michigan State scored more than 100 points for the third straight game in a 102-52 win over Nicholls State on Saturday.
Dollar takes another slide Here #39;s another good reason to finish your holiday shopping early: The US dollar reached a new all-time low against the euro Friday for the fourth straight day, raising the strong possibility that US consumers will pay much more for imported goods as the 
Knicks Hold Off Raptors 108-102 (AP) AP - Jamal Crawford scored 30 points, Stephon Marbury had 15 assists and Tim Thomas scored 17 to lead New York past Toronto 108-102 on a Saturday of season highs for several Knicks.
Da Vinci Rocket Launch Delayed Until January The Golden Palace.com Space Program Powered by the da Vinci Project announced that the launch of its private rocket has delayed until at least January.
Researchers develop 3-D phone technology TOKYO - It #39;s an idea that was popularized by Princess Leia #39;s plea for help in Star Wars: sending a 3-D hologram. Now, two Japanese scientists have developed technology they hope will one day turn the humble 
China releases leading dissident Chinese dissident Liu Jingsheng is freed after a decade in jail but says his freedom of speech is limited.
Rugby: Australia beat England England fall to the first defeat under new coach Andy Robinson after Australia run out narrow winners at Twickenham.
Pennsylvania Turnpike Won #39;t Waive Tolls Pennsylvania Turnpike officials have decided not to waive tolls on Sunday as a way to cope with a strike that has continued over the holiday weekend.
Holiday shoppers hospitalized after spray released in toy store _ At least three people were hospitalized and others suffered irritated eyes when someone released pepper spray at Toys R Us #39; flagship store during the busy holiday shopping weekend, fire and police spokesmen said.
Ontario fuel to contain more ethanol Ontario, Canada, Premier Dalton McGuinty has said gas sold in the province will have to contain five percent ethanol within three years.
Hokies Take Control Bryan Randall throws for two touchdowns as No. 11 Virginia Tech moves one victory away from the ACC title Saturday with a 24-10 victory over No. 16 Virginia.
NBA's Action Rankles Union The punishment of Ron Artest by David Stern has convinced players' union head Billy Hunter that Stern's power needs to be addressed in current labor talks.
A's Get Kendall With physicals completed, the trade between the Pirates and Athletics that sends All-Star catcher Jason Kendall to Oakland is also completed.
BEST OF ECT NEWS Bitter Apple Replay? It #39;s ironic that in this moment of triumph for Apple CEO Steve Jobs, the greatest challenge yet to Apple #39;s online music dominance is emerging.
Miller Wins Downhill American Bode Miller takes the opening World Cup downhill race of the season on Saturday, his first World Cup downhill victory of his career.
Sometimes when you lose, you actually win NEW YORK CITY -- Arizona came very close to pulling the huge upset over No. 1 Wake Forest. The Cats had a dominating first half performance but a 21-5 second half run by the Demon Deacons was too much for the Cats to overcome.
France: Lyon edges Auxerre Sylvain Wiltord and Juninho each scored Saturday to lead unbeaten French first division leader Lyon over fourth-place Auxerre 2-1.
Texas A amp;M Quarterback Finds Groove Once Again Reggie McNeal switched his jersey number in the off-season, trading No. 16 for No. 1 in a salute to a departed teammate. McNeal has become the 
UPDATE 1-Roma return to form in style with four goal win AS Roma ended a run of four defeats with a 4-0 win at Siena in Serie A on Saturday with two goals each from Vincenzo Montella and Francesco Totti.
Alpine Skiing: Bode Miller Wins Lake Louise Downhill America #39;s Bode Miller won his second race of the season Saturday with victory in the opening World Cup downhill by almost a second over nearest rival Antoine Deneriaz.
College Basketball: Illinois Routs Gonzaga INDIANAPOLIS (Sports Network) - Deron Williams and Luther Head scored 20 points apiece, Dee Brown chipped in with 17, and No. 5 Illinois routed 24th- ranked Gonzaga, 89-72, in the John R. Wooden Tradition at Conseco Fieldhouse.
Iran Reasserts Its Right to Enrich Uranium as Standoff Persists Iran #39;s foreign minister said Saturday that Iran had every right to keep, for research purposes, some of the centrifuges that could be used to enrich uranium, an indication 
Iraqi Gov #39;t Rejects Postponing Election US Army 1st Battalion, 24th Infantry Regiment soldiers lead Iraqi men suspected of insurgent involvement from the scene of a joint raid by Iraqi National Guard and US forces near a mosque in central Mosul, Iraq, Saturday, Nov. 27, 2004.
US Army deserter Jenkins sobs after release from prison (Camp Zama, Japan-AP) Nov. 27, 2004 - Charles Jenkins hopes to make one more trip to the US before settling down to a new life in northern Japan.
Sunday Times: Ministers were this weekend embroiled in a stars for Labour row after they were told to use their contacts with the rich and famous to get them to back the party.
Prabhakaran threatens war if peace talks don #39;t start: World News: Colombo, Nov 27 : Tamil Tigers leader Velupillai Prabhakaran Saturday threatened to resume his armed campaign if Sri Lanka did not quickly begin talks on his proposal for an administrative set-up in Tamil areas, which many fear will only 
Palestinians disband feared security force Palestinian officials have disbanded a Gaza security force feared by civilians, says a security official, marking a step toward reforms ahead of an election to choose a successor to Yasser Arafat.
Syracuse Upsets No. 17 Boston College (AP) AP - Diamond Ferri ran for 141 yards two touchdowns and scored again on an interception Saturday as Syracuse rolled to a 43-17 victory over No. 17 Boston College to deprive the Eagles of a Bowl Championship Series berth and a farewell outright Big East title.
No. 7 Louisville Tops Cincinnati, 70-7 (AP) AP - Montrell Jones caught two touchdown passes and returned a punt for a score, and No. 7 Louisville clinched its third Conference USA championship since 2000 with a 70-7 rout of Cincinnati on Saturday.
MLB: Pirates Ship Kendall to A's (Reuters) Reuters - The Pittsburgh Pirates\Saturday traded veteran catcher Jason Kendall and cash\considerations to Oakland in exchange for pitchers Mark Redman\and Arthur Rhodes.
No. 11 Ohio State Routs Yale, 80-43 (AP) AP - Jessica Davenport had 18 points and nine rebounds to lead No. 11 Ohio State to an 80-43 win over Yale on Saturday.
Scott Wins  #36;50,000, 2 Skins at Skins Game (AP) AP - Adam Scott won  #36;50,000 and two skins on the second hole Saturday, then he and the more-famous members of the foursome  #151; Tiger Woods, Annika Sorenstam and Fred Couples  #151; left  #36;250,000 out on the golf course during the next seven holes of the made-for-TV tournament.
Borrowing Seen in Social Security Plan (Reuters) Reuters - Facing record budget deficits,\the Bush administration likely will turn to short-term\government borrowing to help finance its plan to add personal\retirement accounts to Social Security, officials said on\Saturday.
Finance: Give Gifts That Give Back (Reuters) Reuters - (Linda Stern is a freelance writer who covers personal\finance issues for Reuters. Any opinions in the column are\solely those of Ms. Stern. You can e-mail her at\lindastern(at)aol.com).
Barca extend Spanish lead Barcelona held off a spirited comeback by newcomers Getafe to claim a nervous 2-1 win and cement their hold on the leadership of the Primera Liga on Saturday.
Kostelic wins first Aspen slalom ASPEN, United States (AFP) - Croatian Janica Kostelic won a women #39;s alpine World Cup slalom ahead of Sweden #39;s Anja Paerson and Finland #39;s Tanja Poutiainen.
Fighting Irish No More Where is the Humane Society when you need it? Where are those organizations against cruelty to dumb animals - or in this case, drunk Irishmen?
Colombian Tells of Marxist Plot Against Bush Marxist rebels had planned to assassinate President Bush last Monday during his four-hour stopover in Colombia to meet President lvaro Uribe, Defense Minister 
Brunell Speaks Out Redskins quarterback Mark Brunell says he wants to start next season and is uncertain if he could be content in a backup role.
Arsenal under pressure as Chelsea, Man Utd Win English Premiere League leaders Chelsea continued their good form in the recent weeks with another spectacular win over Charlton Athletic.
Barcelona grabs tough road win Getafe, Spain (Sports Network) - Leaders Barcelona survived a late rally by promoted Getafe to earn a 2-1 road win Saturday. The win gives Barca a strong nine point lead over second place Espanyol, which edged Atletico Madrid Saturday 2-1.
Michigan St. Routs Nicholls St., 102-52 Michigan State #39;s Maurice Ager shoots a 3-pointer in the first half against Nicholls State Saturday, Nov. 27, 2004, in East Lansing, Mich.
Tens of Thousands of Gallons of Oil Spill into Area River (Paulsboro, NJ -WABC, November 27, 2004 ) - Authorities are working to clean up a slippery and potentially dangerous mess in a South Jersey river.
Claim Bush Kill Plot Thwarted (CBS/AP) The largest guerrilla group in Colombia ordered an assassination attempt on President Bush during his visit to the country last week, a senior official said.
Breaking down the BCS ACC: After Virginia Tech beat Virginia, it all comes down to the Hokies visit to Miami next week. The winner earns the ACC #39;s BCS bowl bid.
No. 10 Michigan St. 102, Nicholls St. 52 Led by Maurice Ager #39;s 19 points, No. 10 Michigan State scored more than 100 points for the third straight game in a 102-52 win over Nicholls State on Saturday.
No. 6 Notre Dame 60, USC 56 With the game on the line, Notre Dame turned to its senior leaders to help the sixth-ranked Fighting Irish avoid an upset by unranked Southern California.
Tamil Separatists Threaten More Violence in Sri Lanka The separatist Tamil Tiger guerrillas declared Saturday that they would renew fighting unless the government immediately agreed 
Saudi Forces Kill Suspected Militant (AP) AP - Saudi security forces killed a suspected militant in the Red Sea city of Jeddah on Saturday and confiscated weapons in his possession, the Saudi Interior Ministry said.
Cricket: England  #39;pay not to play #39; Englands stance over the Zimbabwe crisis hardened yesterday. They are planning to offer compensation to Zimbabwes cricket board rather than make another tour of the country while Robert Mugabe is in 
Kostelic grabs 20th World Cup victory The same three smiling faces that stacked the podium following Fridays World Cup giant slalom were back on top Saturday after the first of two womens slalom races on Aspen Mountain.
College Basketball: Michigan Pounds Nicholls State EAST LANSING, Mich. (Sports Network) - Maurice Ager scored 19 points and pulled down six rebounds, as 10th-ranked Michigan State crushed Nicholls State, 102-52, at the Breslin Center.
College Football Wrap: Syracuse, Virginia Tech Win CHESTNUT HILL, Mass. (Sports Network) - Diamond Ferri and Damien Rhodes each rushed for over 100 yards and combined to score four touchdowns as Syracuse routed 17th-ranked Boston College, 43-17, in Big East action at Alumni Stadium.
R Obsession comes flying in Frances Genter The speed battle trainer Tim Ritvo hoped would develop to enhance stretch-running R Obsession #39;s chances in Saturday #39;s \$100,000 Frances Genter Stakes at Calder never materialized.
Gibbs Tells Redskins to Work Out or Else (AP) AP - Joe Gibbs laid down the law to his players Monday, a day after the end of his worst season as an NFL coach. His message: Show up for every single offseason workout, meeting and practice  #151; or else.
Struggling Tories and NDP hit Quebec battleground in weekend encounters (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - QUEBEC (CP) - Canada's national opposition leaders played local politics and stole ideas from other parties Saturday as they scoured Quebec for just the tiniest toehold.
Diabetes tests 'offer cure hope' Scientists say they have made a breakthrough in transplant technology that could help cure more people with diabetes.
Cyclones Blow Chance Iowa State makes a slew of late-game errors and falls to Missouri, 17-14, in overtime. The loss sends Colorado to the Big 12 title game against Oklahoma.
AMD planning US developer conference SAN FRANCISCO - After years of holding meetings with analysts and media at rival Intel's biannual developer conferences, Advanced Micro Devices (AMD) plans to host its own developer conference this year in the U.S.
Kostelic takes first World Cup race in nearly 2 years Janica Kostelic of Croatia beat Anja Paerson of Sweden Saturday to take her first World Cup race in nearly two years in Aspen of Colorado, the United States.
Love match turns to hate as Russian stars attack Maria Since winning Wimbledon as a virtually unknown 17-year-old last summer, Maria Sharapova has emerged as one of the world #39;s top ranked tennis players.
Barcelona wins again Barcelona is now nine points clear at the top of the Primera Liga table thanks to a 2-1 win at Getafe. An easy win looked on the cards for Barca when Rafael Marquez and Deco put it 2-0 up after just 22 minutes 
No. 11 Ohio State Routs Yale, 80-43 Ohio State #39;s Jessica Davenport, left, shoots over Yale #39;s Erica Davis during the first half Saturday Nov. 27, 2004, in Columbus, Ohio.
Wiltord and Lyon rebound with win Lyon, France (Sports Network) - French international Sylvain Wiltord scored his first Ligue 1 goal of the season Saturday as Lyon edged Auxerre, 2-1.
Syracuse upsets No. 17 Boston College Diamond Ferri ran for 141 yards two touchdowns and scored again on an interception Saturday as Syracuse rolled to a 43-17 victory over No.
Teheran tries to rewrite EU deal on nuclear programme By Damien Mcelroy in Vienna and Philip Sherwell in Washington. Iran #39;s rulers want to revise a deal part-brokered by Britain to suspend their nuclear weapons programme, throwing the agreement into doubt just 
The Making of a Wise Man Can Stephen A. Schwarzman rise above his status as just another rich deal maker and achieve renown in the worlds of art and Washington politics?
Where Have All the Chief Financial Officers Gone? The push for better ethics and transparent accounting in corporate America has had an unexpected side effect: more finance chiefs are calling it quits.
For a Takeover Artist, One Bluff Too Many? Carl C. Icahn, the pushy financier, is Wall Street's perennial Boy Who Cried Wolf. So, why does anyone take him seriously anymore?
Utilities Funds Soar. But Are They Oil-Powered? Utilities mutual funds are on a tear, but investors shouldn't expect a repeat performance next year.
Keeping Politics Out of the Fed THE Fed's decision today was widely anticipated, and I hope the economic effects of the tightening of monetary policy are fully examined before moving much further in this direction.
Holiday shoppers hospitalized after spray released in toy store The holiday shopping season got an unexpected twist of craziness Saturday when someone released pepper spray in an elevator at the Toys R Us store in Times Square, sending at least three people 
Is the Junk Bond Market Ready to Catch Its Breath? IT is time to take a break from the junk bond market, which is overheating as companies rush to lock in surprisingly low interest rates before the Federal Reserve pushes them any higher.
Airbus gets go-ahead to build new airliner The board of EADS, the parent company of Airbus, the aerospace giant, will tomorrow give the green light to develop its new aircraft, the A350.
Poll: Blair Retains Electoral Lead (AP) AP - Prime Minister Tony Blair's Labour Party maintains a healthy lead over the opposition six months before elections widely expected in May, a poll released Saturday suggests.
Firm Intros Text-Friendly Coat for 2-Sided Discs (Reuters) Reuters - DualDisc and DVD(plus) discs have\until now been devoid of graphics, apart from limited text on\the inner ring. Because both sides of these CD/DVD hybrids\contain optical data, it has been impossible to apply graphics\to them.
Rwanda May Still Send Troops Into Congo (AP) AP - Rwanda's President Paul Kagame said Saturday he has not ruled out sending troops to eastern Congo if Hutu rebels continue to threaten his country.
Trading Technologies Expands Functionality of X_Trader Pro (Ziff Davis) Ziff Davis - Trading Technologies, which develops trading software for derivatives professionals, has made 28 add-on components available.
Barghouti backs Abbas as next head of the PA The imprisoned leader of Fatah #39;s Tanzim in the West Bank, Marwan Barghouti, announced on Friday that he will not run for the post of Palestinian Authority chairman.
Southeast Asians Finish China Trade Pact but Avoid Touchy Issues Southeast Asian ministers on Saturday completed a free trade pact with China and other accords to be adopted at a meeting of their leaders, but touchy 
Typhoon flooding kills 25 in Vietnam Torrential rains hit the region this week and floods submerged more than 10,000 houses and brought traffic to a standstill. A disaster management official from the coastal province of Quang Ngai says a red 
Pakistan to Scale Back Force Around Town Near Afghan Border Declaring that peace had been restored in part of Pakistan #39;s restive tribal areas, Pakistani military officials have announced that troops will 
No. 14 Vanderbilt Routs Siena, 76-47 (AP) AP - Ashley Earley scored 21 points to lead No. 14 Vanderbilt over Siena 76-47 in the championship game of the Vanderbilt Tournament on Saturday.
Largest Quake Since Oct. Hits St. Helens (AP) AP - A 3.1-magnitude earthquake shook the crater at Mount St. Helens on Saturday, the strongest quake at the volcano since mid-October.
Why the ICC have all lost credibility At first sight there might not be too much in common between this week #39;s decision by the International Cricket Council to overturn Sourav Ganguly #39;s two-match ban and the shenanigans surrounding England and their tour of Zimbabwe.
Australia edge England in Cook Cup thriller LONDON: Australia retained the Cook Cup with a 21-19 win against England here yesterday, their first victory at Twickenham since 1998.
Syracuse Upsets No. 21 Boston College 43-17: College Football Diamond Ferri ran for two touchdowns and returned an interception for another as Syracuse defeated No. 21 Boston College 43-17, likely knocking the Eagles from a Bowl Championship Series game.
Here's the Hook: Gifts for Online Bill Payers More businesses are out to convert die-hard check writers to electronic billing by offering perks, lower interest rates or discounted prices.
The Rise of the Bottomless Hot Water Heaters Facing increased fuel prices, more Americans are choosing tankless water heating units, despite higher upfront costs.
Babes in a Grown-up Toyland Are dolls, blocks and stuffed animals fading away in favor of electronic gadgets, and is childhood fading with them?
To Know Me, Know My IPod When a colleague recently sold me his iPod with more than 3,000 songs still on it, his musical tastes showed me a side of him I had never seen.
No. 8 Georgia Beats Georgia Tech, 19-13 No. 8 Georgia Hangs on to Beat Georgia Tech, 19-13, After Collapsing in Second Half of Game. Georgia quarterback DJ Shockley evades Georgia Tech defender Gerris Wilkinson during the first quarter Saturday, Nov. 27, 2004 in Athens, Ga.
UPDATE 3-Chelsea go five points clear, United win again Chelsea crushed Charlton Athletic 4-0 to go five points clear at the top of the Premier League, while Manchester United extended their winning run with a 3-0 victory at West Bromwich Albion on Saturday.
Georgia Tech Yellow Jackets ATHENS, Georgia (Ticker) -- Georgia Tech quarterback Reggie Ball lost count of the downs at a most inopportune time. Ball inexplicably threw the ball away on fourth down in the final minute as Georgia held on for a 19-13 victory over the Yellow Jackets.
France: Lyon extend lead at top of Ligue 1 LYON, Nov 27 (SW) - Lyon stretched their lead at the top of Ligue 1 to six points over idle Lille with a 2-1 victory over Auxerre at the Stade Gerland on Saturday.
NCAA Top 25 Roundup At Louisville, Ky., Montrell Jones caught two touchdown passes and returned a punt for a score, and Louisville clinched its third Conference USA championship since 2000.
Confusion over visa for Dalai Lama visit MOSCOW: A spokesman for the Tibetan exile government in India said yesterday that Russia has issued the Dalai Lama a visa to visit Buddhists in its Kalmykia region and that he could make the trip as early as tomorrow.
Wal-Mart Sees Lackluster November Sales (Reuters) Reuters - Wal-Mart Stores Inc. , the\world's largest retailer, slashed its own expectations of
Gamble of a lifetime for space odyssey to Titan In a few weeks, after a seven-year journey across the solar system, a robot spacecraft bristling with British instruments will plunge into the atmosphere of the mysterious, methane-shrouded world of Titan.
Miller wins long-chased World Cup downhill title Bode Miller of the United States clinched his first World Cup downhill title in six years in Lake Louise, Alberta of Canada on Saturday.
Insurgency threatens Iraq election Iraq #39;s fragile political settlement appeared to be on the brink of collapse last night, with Sunnis, Shias and Kurds divided over whether elections can take place in January as planned.
Summary: Ukraine Vote Declared Invalid (AP) AP - IMPASSE CONTINUES: Ukraine's parliament declared the country's disputed presidential election invalid Saturday amid international calls for a new vote.
Mexico Police Suspended During Mob Probe (AP) AP - Four federal police officers were suspended without pay as prosecutors investigate alleged police negligence in the vigilante killings of two federal agents this week, officials said Saturday.
Colorado Set to Play in Big 12 Title Game (AP) AP - Colorado will have more to remember about this season than just scandal and turmoil  #151; most notably, a trip to the Big 12 title game that seemed nearly impossible just a few weeks ago.
Fratello Meets With Grizzlies Officials (AP) AP - Former NBA coach Mike Fratello met with Memphis Grizzlies officials about the team's vacant coaching position.
Can #39;t Bury Raptors, but Knicks Hold Them Off If the Knicks have not yet found the ability to crush teams at will, they have at least discovered how to win even when their minds wander and their discipline disappears.
Pitt Emerges As Big East BCS Frontrunner (AP) AP - This hardly seemed possible when Pitt needed frantic rallies to overcome Division I-AA Furman or Big East cellar dweller Temple. Or when the Panthers could barely move the ball against Ohio  #151; not Ohio State, but Ohio U.
Francophonie endorses Martin #39;s reform idea OUAGADOUGOU, BURKINA FASO - Delegates to the Francophonie summit decided Saturday not to expel Ivory Coast from the organization, instead they passed a resolution condemning the violence in the country and threatened future sanctions.
Can't Bury Raptors, but Knicks Hold Them Off Jamal Crawford scored 30 points, Stephon Marbury had 15 assists and Tim Thomas scored 17 to lead New York past Toronto on Saturday.
Mets Meet Martnez for Dinner at Home Omar Minaya and Pedro Martnez met on their home turf in the Dominican Republic and tried to determine if they could extend their common ground.
Crossing Paths: Notre Dame and U.S.C. How has U.S.C. head coach Pete Carroll been able to build a successful program, while his Notre Dame counterpart Tyrone Willingham is 6-4?
Russia ties France 1-1 in Fed Cup final Anastasia Myskina helped Russia tiedefending champion France 1-1 in their Fed Cup final, beating Moscow-born Tatiana Golovin 6-4 and 7-6 in the second singles on Saturday.
Rugby / Australia edges out England in thriller Australia showed all its famed resilience to withstand a fierce fightback by England and beat the world champion 21-19 in a thunderous World Cup final repeat yesterday.
Miller Wins World Cup Downhill Race Bode Miller of the United States blasts down the course on his way to winning the men #39;s World Cup downhill ski race in Lake Louise, Alberta, Canada, on Saturday Nov. 27, 2004.
Iraq Government Won't Postpone Elections (AP) AP - The Iraqi government brushed aside Sunni Muslim demands to delay the Jan. 30 election, and a spokesman for the majority Shiite community called the date "nonnegotiable." Insurgents stepped up attacks, blasting U.S. patrols in Baghdad and killing a U.S. soldier north of the capital.
Texas Tech Stuns No. 23 Okla. St., 31-15 (AP) AP - Sonny Cumbie, the nation's leading passer, had a season-low 281 yards but threw for three touchdowns to lead Texas Tech to a 31-15 win over No. 23 Oklahoma State on Saturday.
Rwandan president again hints at military action against rebels in Congo (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - KIGALI, Rwanda (AP) - Rwanda's President Paul Kagame said Saturday he has not ruled out sending troops to eastern Congo if Hutu rebels continue to threaten his country.
Indian PM rehires minister dismissed over mob killings (AFP) AFP - Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh reappointed a minister dismissed four months ago for alleged involvement in the killing of 10 villagers three decades ago, officials said.
Bulldogs Clip Jackets Quarterback David Greene throws a 28-yard touchdown pass for No. 8 Georgia in its 19-13 victory over Georgia Tech on Saturday.
Bulger mother 'sees son's killer' The mother of murdered toddler James Bulger has reportedly tracked down one of her son's killers and plans to find the second.
Jones Ponders Choices Owner Jerry Jones seems to not enjoy the decision to pull rookie Drew Henson during the Cowboys' 21-7 victory against Chicago on Thanksgiving.
Minor earthquake at Mount St. Helens A minor 3.1 magnitude earthquake split the lava dome in the crater of Mount St. Helens on Saturday, continuing a series of minor earthquakes rattling the site since October, the US Geological Survey (USGS) said.
Sports Round-up: Myskina gets Russians on track after early shock FRENCH Open champion Anastasia Myskina pulled Russia back to 1-1 against defending champions France in the Federation Cup final after Nathalie Dechy upset US Open winner Svetlana Kuznetsova 3-6 7-6 8-6.
No Criticizing Randall Now Bryan Randall dropped back, unleashing a deep spiral down the left sideline. A redshirt freshman named Josh Hyman caught the pass in stride, behind Virginia #39;s secondary for the prettiest of touchdowns.
After 800 years, church leaders are still making bones over claim &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Roman Catholics and Orthodox Christians were last night locked in dispute over an 800-year-old war crime and a box of 1,600-year-old bones that was meant to have brought them a giant step closer to reunification.
Patience and Hope Sustaining Jets' Jordan Sunday's game between the Cardinals and the Jets features two of the league's greatest runners, but LaMont Jordan, the backup for the Jets, might be the most intriguing back.
For Now, Short-Handed Pacers Are Displaying Staying Power Faced with the absence of their three top scorers, the Indiana Pacers have looked at themselves, turned inward and played with defiance, winning three straight.
COMPUTER MELTDOWN THREAT TO BENEFITS EXPERTS were battling yesterday to deal with the biggest computer crash in British government history. Pension, child benefit and income support payments have been in crisis since a software upgrade ended in chaos on Monday.
Team Uses Biotech to Build a Better Turkey Stars, a plump, white-feathered turkey from Rocky Point Farm in Carthage, Mo., looks around the Rose Garden at the White House in Washington just before he was granted the traditional Thanksgiving season pardon by President Bush, Nov. 24, 2003 file photo.
Giteau #39;s kick in the teeth for Robinson This so-called friendly for the Cook Cup, rather than something more global, was generally billed as the payback Test. The team inflicting the revenge was supposed to be England 
Ukrainian poll re-run calls grow Momentum is growing in Ukraine for last Sunday's disputed presidential election to be re-run.
No. 16 Pittsburgh Tops Loyola, Md., 93-57 Pittsburgh #39;s Chris Taft, left, goes over Loyola #39;s Bernard Allen, bottom, for a dunk in the first half in Pittsburgh on Saturday, Nov. 27, 2004.
REGION: Iran says European position at N-talks still unacceptable TEHRAN: Iran is still unable to accept some positions of European countries in crucial talks on its nuclear programme at the UN atomic agency, but an agreement remains possible, Foreign Minister Kamal Kharazi said on Saturday.
Retail #39;s Holiday Revelry The Christmas shopping season began with the now-traditional pre-dawn sales at Wal-Mart, Target and Staples, among others. Judging by the weight of holiday catalogues, the absence of early discounting and 
Best price  In stock trading, a commitment by the market maker to find the highest price for a seller #39;s shares, or the lowest price for a buyer, that is available in any market at that time.
Tax-Free Bonuses Tagged Out Where there #39;s a will there #39;s a way, the old saying goes, but when it comes to ducking taxes it #39;s more like, where there #39;s a way someone will.
No. 6 Okla. St. Beats Sam Houston St. (AP) AP - Joey Graham scored 25 points, John Lucas III added 17 and No. 6 Oklahoma State recovered from another subpar first half to beat Sam Houston State 73-57 on Saturday night.
Dual Screens Give Gamers New Options At first, you might mistake Nintendo #39;s new DS handheld game device for a high-end organizer or an ultralight laptop. But the expression on the face of whoever #39;s using it ought to give the secret 
Sorenstam #39;s putt sets up big pay day LA QUINTA, Calif. - Annika Sorenstam calmly sank a short birdie putt on the ninth hole, earning a hug from Tiger Woods. Her putt kept \$250,000 in play in the Skins Game.
Tanker spills more than 100,000 litres of oil into Delaware River &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; A tanker spilled about 114,000 litres of crude oil into the Delaware River between Philadelphia and southern New Jersey, creating a 32-kilometre-long slick that killed dozens of birds and threatened other wildlife, US officials said 
NBA Game Summary - Chicago At Cleveland Cleveland, OH -- LeBron James had 26 points, seven rebounds and seven assists and became the youngest player in NBA history to score 2,000 points, as the red-hot Cleveland Cavaliers pasted the Chicago Bulls, 96-74, at Gund Arena.
Clubhouse Chatter: A trade that works for everyone Usually when a trade involving a high-priced player of a small market team gets consummated, there is generally the sense that the small market team is being taken advantage of.
No. 13 Mich. St. Tops Santa Clara, 81-59 (AP) AP - Kelli Roehrig had 23 points and 12 rebounds to lead No. 13 Michigan State to an 81-59 victory over Santa Clara on Saturday in the semifinals of the Rainbow Wahine Classic.
Shiites Reject Delay of Election Iraq #39;s Shiite Muslim parties and the religious leadership headed by Grand Ayatollah Ali Sistani on Saturday rejected a demand by other communities for a delay in nationwide elections scheduled for Jan.
Lawmakers want ASEAN to push Myanmar for reforms KUALA LUMPUR: ASEAN should deny Myanmar the chairmanship of the regional grouping in 2006 if the military-run state fails to show tangible proof that it is moving towards democracy, regional lawmakers and activists said on Saturday.
Quake May Have Made Earth Wobble--US Scientists (Reuters) Reuters - The deadly Asian earthquake may\have permanently accelerated the Earth's rotation -- shortening\days by a fraction of a second -- and caused the planet to\wobble on its axis, U.S. scientists said on Tuesday.
Wall St. shops, too? NEW YORK (CNN/Money) - Malls may not be the only places where shoppers reign Friday, as stock market futures indicated a higher open for Wall Street #39;s abbreviated session despite continued weakness in the dollar.
Toy shoppers get up early Crowds at Times Square Toys  #39;R #39; Us find what they #39;re looking for -- after getting in line at 4:30. By Deshundra Jefferson, CNN/Money Staff Writer.
Island Woes Stark Warning for Land Dwellers (Reuters) Reuters - The\extinction of whole species, once specific to isolated islands,\is becoming a trend across continents.
Astronauts on Candy Diet After Pantry Raided (Reuters) Reuters - The two U.S. and Russian astronauts on\the International Space Station had to rely on a candy-laden\diet for five weeks because their predecessors raided the\pantry.
St. Helens Has Largest Earthquake Since Mid-October A three-point-one magnitude earthquake shook the crater at Mount Saint Helens Saturday morning. That is the mountain #39;s biggest earthquake since the new lava dome began growing in mid-October, according to the US- Geological Survey.
Indian Policeman Kills Seven Colleagues in Kashmir A policeman ran amok at a security camp in Indian-controlled Kashmir after an argument and shot dead seven colleagues before he was gunned down, police said on Sunday.
WR Grace expects indictment WASHINGTON - WR Grace  amp; Co. disclosed Friday that federal prosecutors were likely to indict the chemical and building material supplier during the first quarter of 2005 on charges related to environmental 
Indian Policeman Kills Seven Colleagues in Kashmir (Reuters) Reuters - A policeman ran amok at a\security camp in Indian-controlled Kashmir after an argument\and shot dead seven colleagues before he was gunned down,\police said on Sunday.
Nuggets' Anthony Sprains Right Ankle (AP) AP - Denver Nuggets forward Carmelo Anthony sprained his right ankle after a hard fall in the third quarter Saturday night against the Houston Rockets.
Bush Asks Americans to Volunteer, Give (AP) AP - President Bush issued a holiday-season call on Americans to volunteer and give to charity  #151; "to share our blessings with the least among us." He singled out for special praise those who have given time and energy to U.S. troops stationed around the world.
Churches warned over 'gay slurs' The Archbishop of Canterbury has written to churches across the world asking them to stop using harsh words against gay people.
Hines, James Madison Ground Out the Victory Raymond Hines rushed for 193 yards and a one-yard touchdown as James Madison defeated Lehigh, 14-13, in the first round of the Division I-AA playoffs in Bethlehem, Pa., yesterday.
James Clubs Bulls Cavaliers guard LeBron James lights up the stumbling Chicago Bulls for 26 points on 11-of-17 shooting for a 96-74 Cleveland triumph.
Palestinian's Death Sets Off Flurry of Probes The shooting of a schoolgirl added to a growing number of incidents that have spurred Israeli soldiers to speak about abuses of Palestinians.
Troops Hunting Al Qaeda Members Withdrawn   PESHAWAR, Pakistan, Nov. 27 -- The Pakistani army announced Saturday that it would withdraw hundreds of troops from a tense tribal region near Afghanistan where Osama bin Laden and his top deputy were believed to be hiding.
Pope Returns Relics To Orthodox Leader  VATICAN CITY, Nov. 27 -- Pope John Paul II on Saturday handed over the bones of two saints to Ecumenical Patriarch Bartholomew I, the spiritual leader of the world's Orthodox Christians, in hopes that the gesture will revive talks over unifying Roman Catholicism and Orthodox Christianity, two major forces in Christendom.
Shiites Reject Delay of Election  BAGHDAD, Nov. 27 -- Iraq's Shiite Muslim parties and the religious leadership headed by Grand Ayatollah Ali Sistani on Saturday rejected a demand by other communities for a delay in nationwide elections scheduled for Jan. 30, in an escalating dispute that magnifies the country's ethnic and sectarian fault lines.
Violence Flares Across Sunni Areas Violence flared across Sunni areas of Iraq on Saturday as insurgents attacked U.S.-backed forces near Baquba and fighting erupted in Ramadi. A U.S. soldier was killed in a roadside blast north of Baghdad and while 17 bodies were discovered in Mosul.
Virgin keen to invest in telecom New Delhi: When someone as colourful as the Chairman of the Virgin group, Sir Richard Branson, comes visiting there is bound to be some fun and games.
NBA Wrap: James Sets New Milestone as Cavaliers Keep Winning (Reuters) Reuters - LeBron James had 26 points to become\the youngest player in National Basketball Association history\to score 2,000 points as the Cleveland Cavaliers eased to a\96-74 home win over the Chicago Bulls Saturday.
NBA Wrap: James Sets New Milestone as Cavaliers Keep Winning LeBron James had 26 points to become the youngest player in National Basketball Association history to score 2,000 points as the Cleveland Cavaliers eased to a 96-74 home win over the Chicago Bulls Saturday.
India's Tribal People Safe After Tsunami-Official (Reuters) Reuters - India's dwindling aboriginal\population in the remote Andaman and Nicobar islands is safe as\most lived in jungles, far away from the coast hit by a\devastating tsunami, a coast guard official said on Thursday.
Truly 'Magical' Tandem Steve Francis and Grant Hill combine for 54 points to guide the climbing Magic over the 76ers, 105-99, on Saturday night.
Real vs. Artificial: Shoppers love  #39;em both Real or fake? Natural or artificial? Such is the great Christmas tree debate. To put it in Shakesperian terms, it unfolds like this: To clean up pine needles or not to clean up pine needles?
Earthquake lets volcano blow off steam A minor 3.1 magnitude earthquake has split the lava dome in the crater of Mount St Helens, continuing a series of minor earthquakes that have rattled the site since October.
Announcement expected in coming days Two days after Hubie Brown #39;s sudden retirement, Memphis Grizzlies might have a replacement without the interim tag. Mike Fratello was in Memphis on Saturday, meeting with Grizzlies officials to finalize details 
James pounds Pistons If LeBron James was sending a post-Olympics message to Larry Brown, he wouldn #39;t admit it. Perhaps trying to prove Brown was wrong to bench him in Greece, James scored a career-high 43 points to lead the Cleveland 
Minaya, Martinenz talk turkey When Omar Minaya and Al Leiter agreed to walk away from negotiations last week, the Mets #39; general manager explained the move by saying both sides had other options they wanted to explore.
Australian state to get anti-terror boat squad (AFP) AFP - Australia's largest state said it would invest 27 million dollars (21.3 million US) in a specialist marine command capable of conducting high-speed pursuits of terrorists and other criminals.
England cricketers shun Mugabe England captain Michael Vaughan says the Zimbabwe tour could still in doubt if the team are forced to meet Robert Mugabe.
Sarkozy to take over Chirac party French Finance Minister Nicolas Sarkozy is due to be made head of President Chirac's governing party.
US promises to comply with WTO export rules The WTO gave European nations and other countries the go-ahead to impose punitive duties on US exports ranging from lobsters to trucks because of Washington #39;s failure to repeal a law the WTO says unlawfully protects the US steel industry.
Yukos drawing up contingency plan The Russian oil giant Yukos said on Friday that management was putting together an emergency plan to continue running the company for a few months, even after the auction of its prize asset next month.
No. 10 Boise St. Wins 22nd Straight Game (AP) AP - Jared Zabransky passed for 244 yards and three touchdowns to lead No. 10 Boise State past Nevada 58-21 Saturday night and keep the unbeaten Broncos' hopes alive for a spot in the Bowl Championship Series with their 22nd straight win.
Once unwanted by ACC, Hokies earned vindication BLACKSBURG The ACC didn #39;t want these guys. Didn #39;t want them in 1953, didn #39;t want them two springs ago, didn #39;t want them if even they said pretty please with a Hokie Bird on top.
San Antonio Spurs SAN ANTONIO (Ticker) -- The San Antonio Spurs are using quick starts to finish off their foes. Bruce Bowen fueled another early surge as the Spurs jumped to a big lead and coasted to their third straight win, a 109-76 victory over the Utah Jazz .
Building With  EBay, Piece  By Piece (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - Peggy Norris was in the final stages of building her West Virginia mountain getaway, still searching for the remaining flourishes to showcase the treasures she has collected in years of traveling the world.
NBA Game Summary - Utah at San Antonio San Antonio shot a sizzling 59 percent from the field, while the Jazz made 44 percent of their shots...The Spurs had a 37-24 edge on the boards...Mehmet Okur scored 10 points off the bench for Utah...The Spurs are off to their best start since the 1999-00 
India strikes, SA lose Smith South Africa have lost the crucial wicket of skipper Graeme Smith in the second test at Eden Gardens in Kolkata today. Irfan Pathan struck early for India, inducing an edge from Smith which was taken by wicketkeeper Dinesh Kaarthick.
Another Brick in the Firewall AOL's new 9.0 Security Edition seems intended to burnish the online service's reputation as the crossing guard of the Internet, but that's a goal that this release can't quite achieve. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-Rob Pegoraro&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;
Weather Data In Your Own Back Yard WeatherBug would like to make meteorologists of us all, selling sensors that can turn anyone's back yard into a Web-connected weather station. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-Leslie Walker&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;
Dual Screens Give Gamers New Options Nintendo's new DS handheld gamer is not supposed to replace the Game Boy Advance; the idea is to carve out a whole new market.&lt;br&gt;&lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The washington Post&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;
Playing With TV This holiday the hottest new products for kids have one thing in common: They all interact with the tube, whether by means of sensors, radio-wave technology or the regular old TV remote control.
Romanians vote for new president to succeed Iliescu (AFP) AFP - Nearly 18 million Romanians are eligible to vote Sunday in the first round of a presidential election to replace Ion Iliescu and lead the former communist state into the European Union.
College Loans Need Creative Change Bold, innovative solutions are key to addressing the rapidly rising costs of higher education and the steady reduction in government-subsidized help to finance such education.
Bears, George Talk The Bears intend to sign Jeff George, a team source said Saturday. George has not played since he was released by the Redskins in 2001.
Terps Trounce Quakers One day after losing to LSU, Maryland's women's basketball team bounces back with a 76-56 win over Penn.
St. Helens is fast growing its new top While on most late fall days the clouds obscure new growth, the meters on the mountain don #39;t lie: Mount St. Helens continues to build a new mountaintop at a rapid rate.
Robinson optimistic ahead of Six Nations LONDON (AFP) - England coach Andy Robinson was in upbeat mood despite a 21-19 Twickenham defeat against Australia that was the team #39;s first loss since the resignation of World Cup-winning supremo Sir Clive Woodward.
Source: Bears Intend to Sign QB George (AP) AP - Struggling desperately at quarterback, the Chicago Bears intend to sign veteran Jeff George, a team source said Saturday night.
Prince Harry 'in love' with teenage student (AFP) AFP - Britain's Prince Harry is besotted with a blonde 19-year-old student in South Africa whose father runs a Zimbabwe game farm, the Mail on Sunday newspaper reported.
Utah QB Smith to Turn Pro  SALT LAKE CITY (Sports Network) - Utah standout quarterback  Alex Smith has apparently decided to take his skills to the  next level, opting to skip his senior season and enter April's  NFL Draft.
Russia Plans Laws Against Polluting Industry in 05 (Reuters) Reuters - Russia plans its first laws to crack\down on industrial polluters next year, and will force\offending companies to invest in clean technology rather than\pay fines, the natural resources minister said Friday.
Tsunami Adds to Belief in Animals' 'Sixth Sense' (Reuters) Reuters - Wild animals seem to have escaped\the Indian Ocean tsunami, adding weight to notions they possess\a "sixth sense" for disasters, experts said Thursday.
Gundy Named Football Coach at Oklahoma State  STILLWATER, Okla. (Sports Network) - Oklahoma State wasted  little time in finding a new football coach, promoting  offensive coordinator Mike Gundy to replace Les Miles.
No. 22 Maryland Tops Penn 76-56 (AP) AP - Shay Doron and Crystal Langhorne had 16 points each to lead No. 22 Maryland to a 76-56 victory over Penn in the consolation game of the Coors Classic Saturday night
Leinart Leads Southern California Past Notre Dame Matt Leinart made a strong pitch for the Heisman Trophy, and Southern California overcame a sluggish start to move within one win of a perfect regular season.
Mets Meet Martnez for Dinner at Home Although Omar Minaya, the Mets' general manager, has not extended a contract offer, he is competing with the most prominent teams in baseball for Pedro Martnez.
Blunkett denies visa 'fast-track' Home Secretary David Blunkett has denied abusing his position to help fast-track a visa application for a friend's nanny
In S. Florida, real Christmas trees still selling strong Despite a national decline of real Christmas trees sales, South Floridians are after that fresh pine smell in their homes this holiday season.
As hurricane season ends, Floridians wonder whats in store for &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Thanks to hurricanes Charley, Frances, Ivan and Jeanne, names that will be burned into memory, residents learned the hard way: Florida has a target on its back.
Orange sends BC away with a loss, gives Pitt a shot at BCS Syracuse wasn #39;t able to follow Boston College to the Atlantic Coast Conference or stop the Eagles from leaving the Big East. The one thing the Orange could do was deprive 
Hurricanes and Hokies to battle for the ACC title Greg Olsen and Jon Beason weren #39;t in Blacksburg last year when Virginia Tech routed then-No. 2 Miami, but they both felt the disappointment of the bitter loss.
LeBron James scores 26 points as Cleveland beats the Bulls 97-74 LeBron James enjoys the Cleveland Cavaliers #39; teamwork even more than his individual accomplishments. One led to the other Saturday night as James scored 26 points to become the youngest player 
Source: Bears intend to sign quarterback Jeff George Struggling desperately at quarterback, the Chicago Bears intend to sign veteran Jeff George, a team source said Saturday night. The Bears will sign George on Monday, the source said on the condition of anonymity.
Smizik: Kendall deserves chance to play for winning team How appropriate that the trade that finally sent Jason Kendall out of Pittsburgh would come on Thanksgiving eve. There can be no more thankful player in baseball than 
Stem Cells Reverse Parkinson's in Monkeys (Reuters) Reuters - Stem cells taken from tiny monkey\embryos and implanted in the brain reversed some of the\Parkinson's symptoms in monkeys used to study the disease,\Japanese researchers reported on Monday.
China Coal Mine Blast Traps 187 Miners -Xinhua A gas explosion at a coal mine in northern China has trapped 187 miners, the official Xinhua news agency said on Sunday. The blast tore through the state-run Chenjiashan 
Elder Bush, Clinton to lead tsunami aid effort (AFP) AFP - President George W. Bush put his father, George Bush, and his predecessor, Bill Clinton, in charge of efforts to raise private US donations for countries devastated by the Indian Ocean tsunamis.
Computer Screen Upgrade Crashes UK Government Network A computer screen upgrade has crashed 80,000 government terminals at the Department for Work and Pensions in the UK. EDS and Microsoft (NASDAQ: MSFT) were blamed.
Like a force of nature, USC keeps flattening foes Irish lore is full of a figurative parting of clouds. This sign from above was literal, tangible and wet. So did the Trojans start to crank up their awesome offense about the time the rain stopped Saturday night?
Bucs, Panthers know the ups and downs of NFL The Tampa Bay Buccaneers and Carolina Panthers both know the concept and reality of NFL parity. They #39;re prime examples of how swiftly teams can rise and how suddenly they can fall.
Megliola: BC blows golden opportunit On one side, you had Boston College playing for its first Big East championship (by default, some would say) and an invite to a big-time, big dough, BCS bowl; a team saying 
Another Brick in the Firewall (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - It's a sad state of affairs when the primary selling point of a new set of online software is "we won't get hacked like everybody else." But that's the way of the Windows world today.
No. 22 Wash. Upsets No. 19 Alabama 79-76 (AP) AP - Will Conroy had 18 points and six assists to help No. 22 Washington beat No. 19 Alabama 79-76 on Saturday night in the championship game of the Carrs/Safeway Great Alaska Shootout.
Vatican returns relics of saints to Istanbul (Vatican City-AP) Nov. 27, 2004 - Pope John Paul has handed over centuries-old relics of two Orthodox saints to the spiritual leader of the world #39;s Orthodox Christians.
Ukraine #39;s colors could help tip balance in Romania #39;s tight vote A coincidence that could tip the scales in Romania #39;s tightly fought presidential and parliamentary elections on Sunday is literally the colors used by the two main political parties in their campaign.
7 firemen die in car park crash GENEVA: Rescuers have found the bodies of five Swiss firemen who died after the ceiling of an underground car park collapsed during a fire, a police spokesman said last night.
Battered and grooved: Saturn #39;s moon Tethys Having now passed closer to Tethys than the Voyager 2 spacecraft, Cassini has returned the best-ever natural color view of this icy Saturnian moon.
Washington Plays for Shootout Championship The 22nd-ranked Washington Huskies (3-0) conclude their treacherous run through the Great Alaska Shootout bracket, meeting No. 19 Alabama (4-0) in the championship game on Saturday, Nov. 27.
Sri Lanka: LTTE leader impatient with the government In Sri Lanka the leader of the LTTE guerillas, Velupillai Prabhkaran, has threatened with resumption of the civil war unless the government agrees to new peace talks.
Saudi Police Kill Suspected Militant in Jeddah Saudi officials say security forces have killed a suspected militant in the western city of Jeddah after the man tried to use a hand grenade against them.
Trojans Can Almost Smell the Oranges The result left top-ranked U.S.C. one victory from a perfect season and a berth in the B.C.S. title game.
Snapping out of it The Milwaukee Bucks broke out of their tailspin Saturday night at the Bradley Center, where they defeated the Detroit Pistons, 96-90.
UPDATE 1-Wiltord helps leaders Lyon beat Auxerre Sylvain Wiltord scored one goal and made another as he returned to lead Olympique Lyon to a 2-1 victory over AJ Auxerre in a Ligue 1 game on Saturday.
Wal-Mart misses comp-sales target November same-store sales growth was sharply below target, Wal-Mart Stores said Saturday. Free! Sign up here to receive our Before the Bell e-Newsletter!
Icahn holds 8.4 of Hollywood Entertainment Carl Icahn has emerged as a possible fourth bidder for Hollywood Entertainment, according to a regulatory filing. Free! Sign up here to receive our Midday Market Report e-Newsletter!
Tsunami 'Wave Rat' Had Best Intentions, Mother Says (Reuters) Reuters - A Canadian student was called a "wave\rat" for offering the domain name "tsunamirelief.com" for\ #36;50,000 on the online auction site eBay, but his mother said he\was only trying to raise money for relief efforts.
NBA Game Summary - Denver at Houston Rockets guard Bob Sura was activated from the injured list prior to the game and had six points and six assists in 21 minutes. Sura missed the team #39;s first 14 contests after undergoing back surgery in September 
Kiwis collapse has Aussies in command of second Test (AFP) AFP - New Zealand faced the likelihood of conceding a massive first innings deficit against Australia after a clutter of wickets late on the third day of the second cricket Test at the Adelaide Oval.
Romania votes in close elections Romanians go to the polls to choose between the governing ex-communists and a strong opposition alliance.
Barrera Edges Morales Erik Morales and Marco Antonio Barrera put on another battle for the ages Saturday night, with Barrera barely coming out on top.
Game Boy Player I #39;ve been playing with the Game Boy Player since it #39;s March release in Japan. If you have any interest in some of the awesome Game Boy Advance games and don #39;t own a Game Boy Advance system already, this is a must buy.
Barghuti Withdraws his Candidacy and Supports Abbas Palestinian leader Marwan Barghuti, 43, who is serving five life sentences in an Israeli jail, announced yesterday that he would withdraw his candidacy for the Palestinian presidency.
Texas Christian Tops No. 3 Georgia 64-63 (AP) AP - Sandora Irvin had 28 points and 15 rebounds to lead Texas Christian to a 64-63 victory over No. 3 Georgia on Saturday night in the semifinals of the Rainbow Wahine Classic.
Shoppers Hospitalized After Pepper Spray Police were reviewing video camera footage to find out who discharged pepper spray inside an elevator at Toys R Us #39; crowded flagship store, sending at least three people to the hospital, authorities said.
Full Court Mess There was, no doubt, shock and dismay in some quarters when the National Basketball Association continued playing its schedule without interruption after the brawl in Detroit nine days ago.
Lonard wins second straight Australian Open Australia #39;s Peter Lonard successfully defended his title in the centennial Australian Open on Sunday, shooting a 3-under 68 for one-stroke victory over countryman Stuart Appleby.
Orange Bowl hopes not finished yet It might be a stay of execution for Coach P, or it might just be a Christmas miracle come early. SU #39;s upset win over BC has given hope to the Orange playing in a post season Bowl game.
Barrera earns majority decision over Morales in rubber match Las Vegas, NV (Sports Network) - Marco Antonio Barrera has captured the World Boxing Council super featherweight title with a 12-round majority decision over Erik  quot;El Terrible quot; Morales at the MGM Grand Garden Arena in Las Vegas.
Mets Reportedly to Make Pedro Martinez Contract Offer NEW YORK - Omar Minaya wants to make a splash this winter. And with trade talks about Sammy Sosa cooling off, the Mets #39; GM has turned his attention to free agent Pedro Martinez.
Rayovac Nears Deal for United Industries  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Battery maker Rayovac Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=ROV.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;ROV.N&lt;/A&gt; is  close to a deal to acquire privately held United Industries  Corp., a maker of lawn and garden products, for about \$476  million in cash and stock in a bid to diversify its product  mix, sources close to the situation said on Monday.
EU trio hits Iran with nuclear deadline France, Britain and Germany have told Iran that if they had not reached a final agreement to freeze key parts of its atomic programme by Monday, they would not stop moves to seek sanctions against Tehran.
170 miners remain trapped in coalmine gas explosion By 1 pm on Sunday, 123 miners were rescued alive after a major gas explosion took place at the Chenjiashan Coalmine, Shaanxi Province, around 7:10 am but another 170 remained trapped underground.
ASEAN #39;s minnows agree to enhance economic cooperation VIENTIANE: Leaders of the four poorest countries within the 10-nation Southeast Asian group agreed to forge closer economic links Sunday as they strive to catch up with their wealthier partners.
Oh brother! The stakes have never been higher for Mukesh and Anil Ambani. Sunit Arora and Dev Chatterjee find out why egos threaten to come in the way of economicsand what a compromise will cost.
GLOBAL INVESTOR LOS ANGELES (CBS.MW) -- Surging demand from emerging economies and rising commodity prices worldwide is casting daylight on coal-mining stocks.
Local residents due for tax refund About three dozen area residents could get an unexpected windfall -- they are owed refunds by the Internal Revenue Service. They are among more than 6,400 refunds owed to taxpayers in New York that have yet to be claimed.
Berlusconi gets on early election footing (AFP) AFP - Italy's Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi has put his centre-right government on an election footing by announcing a cut in income tax in a bid to win back voters' confidence, with polls still 18 months away.
A Lot to Play for in Skins Game Finale Annika Sorenstam calmly sank a short birdie putt on the ninth hole, earning a hug from Tiger Woods. More importantly, it kept \$250,000 in play in the Skins Game in La Quinta, Calif.
World Bank Head to Leave in June  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - World Bank President James  Wolfensohn told the Bush administration on Monday that he will  leave his post at mid-year, triggering a hunt for a replacement  for the top job at the global lender.
LONARD KEEPS AUSSIE OPEN CROWN Defending champion Peter Lonard came with a late charge to retain the Australian Open title in Sydney. Lonard, successful when the event was held in Melbourne last year, fired a final-round three-under-par 68 following three successive 71s.
Lockheed, Northrop Face Big Cuts-Document  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Lockheed Martin Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=LMT.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;LMT.N&lt;/A&gt; and  Northrop Grumman Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=NOC.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;NOC.N&lt;/A&gt; would bear the brunt of proposed  cuts in U.S. weapons purchases totaling \$30 billion over the  next six years, according to the summary from a Pentagon budget  document made available to Reuters Monday.
Huskies win Alaska title; Cal tips BYU NO. 22 WASHINGTON 79, NO. 19 ALABAMA 76: At Anchorage, Alaska - Will Conroy scored 18 points, leading five Huskies in double-figures scoring and Washington (4-0) won the Great Alaska Shootout title game over Alabama (4-1) on Saturday night.
Wal-Mart Sales Estimate Boosts Sector  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Wal-Mart Stores Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=WMT.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;WMT.N&lt;/A&gt;, the  world's No. 1 retailer, on Monday said December sales would be  at the top end of its prior estimate on better-than-expected  post-Christmas spending, driving its shares up 1 percent.
Terrorism ; Prabhakaran turns 50, but will he change? (COMMENTARY) Terrorism News, New Delhi, As he prepares to celebrate his 50th birthday, Velupillai Prabhakaran remains firmly committed to his dream of breaking up Sri Lanka to carve out a Tamil Eelam state.
Year extension likely for troops Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi indicated Friday that extending the Self-Defense Forces #39; mission in Iraq was almost a done deal.
Sharon and Abbas Say They Ready to Meet - Newsweek (Reuters) Reuters - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon\said in an interview published on Sunday that he was ready to\meet Palestinian leader Mahmoud Abbas and try to coordinate a\Gaza pullout with a new Palestinian government.
Trojans #39; 31-point victory no fluke LOS ANGELES - The first time Southern California drilled Notre Dame by 31 points two years ago, it was a fluke. The second time was a coincidence.
Bomb Explodes Near U.S. Military Convoy (AP) AP - A car bomb exploded early Sunday near a U.S. military convoy on the road leading to Baghdad's airport, Iraqi police said, and a witness said two Humvees were destroyed.
Gasoline Pump Price Falls for 9th Week (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. retail gasoline prices declined\for the ninth week in a row and truckers are enjoying the\cheapest diesel fuel in almost four months, the Energy\Department said on Monday.
China's SARS vaccine tests to be completed by January (AFP) AFP - China's SARS vaccine trials are expected to be completed by January as clinical experiments were going smoothly, state media reported.
Get your game on It #39;s back -- the season of peace, good fellowship, and digital marvels. The Entertainment Software Association reckons that nearly one third of all Americans will give a computer game as a Christmas gift in 2004.
Catching the insurgents is a cat-and-mouse game in Iraqs north MOSUL, Iraq - They come up in their Opels, attack and leave, says a business owner in the heart of Mosul, explaining how insurgents operate in Iraqs northern capital.
In a gesture of healing, pope returns saints #39; bones Pope John Paul II returned the bones of two of the most revered saints in the Orthodox Church on Saturday, one in a series of gestures aimed at healing a millennium of distance 
Presidential, parliamentary elections begin in Romania Presidential elections began early Sunday in Romania with around 18 million eligible voters expected to vote in the first round of the race.
Taj Mahal to moonlight as nocturnal rendezvous for star-crossed &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Full moon nights, when the walls of marble shimmer in the light, are thought to be the most romantic time to see the Taj Mahal, except that - barring a few one-off occasions - such visits have been banned for 20 years.
Get your game on  It's back -- the season of peace, good fellowship, and digital marvels. The Entertainment Software Association reckons that nearly one third of all Americans will give a computer game as a Christmas gift in 2004. And this year's crop of games may be the most spectacular yet.
Beware of banks bearing 'gift' cards Gift cards are hot items this holiday season -- both at stores and in the courts.
Unrest is stirring among Chinese factory workers DONGGUAN, China -- Heralded by an unprecedented series of walkouts, the first stirrings of unrest have emerged among the millions of youthful migrant workers who supply seemingly inexhaustible cheap labor for the vast expanse of factories in China's booming Pearl River Delta.
Pepper spray spurs toy store evacuation NEW YORK -- About 3,000 shoppers were evacuated from a Toys  quot;R quot; Us store in Times Square yesterday after pepper spray was set off inside, fire officials said.
Buying hockey gear with Cam Neely ARLINGTON -- A labor dispute may sideline professional hockey for the season, but recreational players are lacing up their skates and hitting the ice -- eager to slap-shoot their way through another New England winter.
Etiquette at Work Q: I own a small business. During the holiday season every year, I invite my employees to lunch at a restaurant. In the past, I've let everyone go home early (with pay) afterward. For several years now, a few people have skipped the lunch and gone straight home. This has caused some ill will among the other employees. One option ...
The man who shaped the Federal Reserve At a time when the Federal Reserve chairman has rock star status, it's hard to imagine the world's greatest central bank as an obscure federal agency struggling for its independence.
More fiftysomethings turn to franchises Crofton Rhodes gets called a ''geek quot; a dozen times a day, but he doesn't mind.
Letters Placement of photo, headline confusing When I opened a recent business section, what I beheld above the fold was a picture of Lance Armstrong under a headline ''It is better to give when not being deceived quot; ( Nov. 21). My immediate reaction was that the Lance Armstrong Foundation was deceptive in its practices. It took a reading of your article ...
Investing in their future What, having twins isn't enough? Patricia and Kevin Uniacke want to become landlords now, too?
Higher education can bring social costs For many people, higher education is a ticket to a high-paying job. But what happens when the cost of that same ticket becomes a deterrent for a career that will pay a modest or middle-income salary?
Successful investing requires economic growth Ordinary people don't need an economics lecture to get a sense of the big global financial issues of the day.
A video game guide for the holidays Ratchet and Clank: Up Your Arsenal ( Sony ) System: Playstation 2
Study warned of offshore spills ST. JOHN #39;S, NFLD. -- An environmental assessment panel predicted seven years ago how hard it would be to clean up oil spills from a project off Newfoundland that spilled 170,000 litres into the Atlantic last week.
US Firm Plans Macau #39;s Biggest Ever Casino: Report An American casino company spearheading new growth in Macau #39;s 150-year-old gambling industry plans to open the biggest gaming hall the southern Chinese enclave has ever seen.
Web Holiday Shopping Up 25 Pct in 2004  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - U.S. online retailers posted  holiday sales of \$23.2 billion, excluding travel, up a  larger-than-expected 25 percent from the 2003 season, according  to a new survey released on Monday by Goldman, Sachs   Co.,  Harris Interactive and Nielsen/NetRatings.
Pakistan's Musharraf, Brazil's Lula to talk business (AFP) AFP - Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf travels to the Brazilian capital for talks with President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva as he seeks to strengthen his country's international ties and open new commercial markets.
Rugby: Australia win Tri-Nations A rampant Australia thrash Great Britain at Elland Road to win the Tri-Nations trophy.
Pakistan to withdraw troops PESHAWAR, Pakistan -- The Pakistan Army said yesterday it will withdraw hundreds of troops from a tense tribal region near Afghanistan where Osama bin Laden and his top deputy were believed to be hiding.
Infanticide trials reexamined in Britain LONDON -- On Nov. 9, Margaret Smith, who was sentenced to life in prison in 2002 for smothering her 4-month-old son, was acquitted at a retrial. She was one of several British mothers who lost one or more children in infancy and were convicted of murder.
Pope returns relics to Istanbul VATICAN CITY -- Pope John Paul II, seeking to heal rifts with other Christians, yesterday handed over the relics of two Orthodox saints that were brought to Rome from ancient Constantinople centuries ago.
Number of detainees nearly doubles ABU GHRAIB, Iraq -- More aggressive US military operations in Iraq over the past two months have generated a surge in detainees, nearly doubling the number held by US forces to about 8,300, according to the general in charge of detention operations.
Vegas-style casinos invade China Glittery Las Vegas-style gambling has arrived in seedy Macau, promising new charms for China #39;s inveterate players, and this former Portuguese colony may never be the same.
Sudan government eases restrictions on aid work The government said it had lifted all restrictions on aid workers and revoked a state of emergency in the troubled North Darfur state yesterday, after rebels 
The games kids play today are too violent No wonder people love computer and video games. They #39;re realistic, fast-paced, interactive and challenging. Just about any age can play.
Ask the Biz Brain The Brain wrote last week about get ting a free credit re port. I know my credit is good, so why should I care? -- Good credit Consumer advocates are urging Americans to take advantage of the new service.
Stick with the proven year-end tax strategies Sure, things could change, but the typical year-end  quot;timing is everything quot; maneuvers won #39;t hurt. BY PAMELA YIP. DALLAS -  quot;Some who were worried about a Kerry victory and a rollback of capital gains now don #39;t 
Utes leave Furman feeling small in Alaska ANCHORAGE, Alaska - Andrew Bogut scored a game-high 19 points as Utah defeated Furman 62-50 in the Great Alaska Shootout on Saturday.
Teams Battle Like There's No Tomorrow, and There Isn't The incentive of a postseason berth inspired the New Orleans Saints and the Carolina Panthers. And yet, when the game was over, each of the teams had lost.
Nearly 200 miners trapped in coalmine gas explosion in north China (AFP) AFP - A gas explosion ripped through a coal mine in north China's Shaanxi province, trapping 170 miners in what threatens to be the worst disaster to hit the world's biggest coal producer in recent years.
Global forex volatility underscores China #39;s growing economic &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; SHANGHAI : Foreign exchange markets felt the impact of China #39;s growing economic muscle this week when a report claiming the country #39;s central bank had sold US Treasuries helped push the euro to all-time highs, underscoring market sensitivity about a 
Chrebet Makes an Early Exit, Perhaps Never to Return After the Jets' Wayne Chrebet suffered a mild concussion on Sunday, you had to wonder if his season might be over, if not his career.
If NASA had a hammer . . . it would smash comets You can learn something about a rock by looking at it. But what most geologists really want is to smack it with a hammer. And that #39;s just what planetary scientists will do July 4 when NASA #39;s Deep Impact mission 
Talking Turkey This is the time of the year when Americans nationwide are gobbling up gobblers at grocery stores for holiday dinners. But out on Darrell French #39;s 
Lonard retains Australian Open title Peter Lonard won his second straight Australian Open title on Sunday with a come-from-behind 68 to win the championship by one stroke over Stuart Appleby.
Barrera edges out Morales Marco Antonio Barrera has claimed the WBC super-featherweight title with a majority points win over old adversary Erik Morales at the MGM Grand Garden Arena in Las Vegas.
Syracuse ends BC #39;s BCS hopes Diamond Ferri ran for 141 yards two touchdowns and scored again on an interception Saturday in Boston as Syracuse rolled to a 43-17 victory over No.
Bode #39;s well for Americans LAKE LOUISE, Alta. -- Bode Miller is your typical pushy, aggressive American. And that #39;s the reason he was able to win his first World Cup downhill race yesterday.
Two US marines killed in Iraq #39;s Fallujah Two US marines were killed on Thursday in the flashpoint city of Fallujah, where US marines are fighting pockets of insurgents, a US military spokesman said in a statement Saturday.
188 miners trapped after gas explosion in China A gas explosion tore through a central Chinese coal mine today, trapping at least 188 miners and sending smoke billowing out the mine #39;s air vents, the government said.
NASA is planning on a smash hit with a comet You can learn something about a rock by looking at it. But what most geologists really want is to smack it with a hammer. That #39;s just what planetary scientists will do July 4 when NASA #39;s 
We were made for running A major study of fossils by US scientists has concluded that evolution has sculpted our bodies into finely-tuned distance-running machines.
Barrera outslugs Morales for title Somehow Marco Antonio Barrera and Erik Morales duplicated, and perhaps even surpassed, the action and drama of their all-time great first battle, which took place four years ago at 122 pounds.
Oil tanker spills 30,000 gallons into the Delaware Times Staff and Wire reports TINICUM -- Globs of heavy crude oil were flowing down the Delaware River Saturday, covering boats docked along the river and threatening fish and waterfowl.
Don #39;t count Pacers out just yet Wow, wouldn #39;t that be something if the NBA season ended with Ron Artest holding the championship trophy? It #39;s not out of the realm of possibility.
Illinois passes this test easily After three successive blowouts, No. 5 Illinois was looking forward to its first real test Saturday against No. 24 Gonzaga. Now it looks like the Illini will have to wait until top-ranked 
170 miners trapped in China Beijing: At least 170 miners were trapped underground after a gas explosion on Sunday ignited a fire in a coalmine in north-west China #39;s Shaanxi province, reports said.
Defense chief hints Japanese troops could remain in Iraq through &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Japan #39;s defense chief on Sunday said that Japanese troops could remain in Iraq until late 2005, a year longer than their current mandate.
Japan eyes troops pullout from Iraq next December Japanese Defense Agency Director General Yoshinori Ono said Sunday that late 2005 is a possible target date for Japanese troops to withdraw from Iraq.
Born to run THE HUMAN body is a long-distance running machine that came off the evolutionary assembly line about 2 million years ago, according to researchers writing in the journal Nature last week. That may be hard to believe given the current obesity problem and the attachment Homo sapiens have for their expensive, multifunctional easy chairs. But on closer look the theory makes ...
Oil spill looks bad for Del.  quot;It does not look good. I #39;m not predicting a disaster or anything like that, but it would be really miraculous if we didn #39;t have some impacts, quot; Department of Natural Resources 
ACC: Title in reach of Hokies Bryan Randall is wrapping up his career at Virginia Tech in style, and with the biggest stakes in front of him. Randall threw two second-half touchdowns and the Hokies 
Fiesta, Holiday bowls now on CU #39;s list of possibilities When Iowa State beat Missouri on Saturday afternoon to propel Colorado into the Big 12 Championship game, the Buffs #39; bowl possibilities expanded.
Ankle sprain downs forward Houston - Kenyon Martin and Marcus Camby were dunking. Nuggets guard Andre Miller was leading the fast break and nailing jumpers. The Houston Rockets were getting soundly beaten.
Eye biz editor for CUNY post Longtime Business Week editor-in-chief Stephen Shepard is expected to be named the first dean of the City University #39;s planned Graduate School of Journalism.
Wolfsburg lose second straight Wolfsburg, Germany (Sports Network) - Wolfsburg #39;s magical start to the season is fading fast as the club lost for the third time in four matches Saturday, 3-2 against Hertha Berlin.
Eagles miss shot at Big East crown BOSTON - Diamond Ferri ran for 141 yards with two touchdowns and scored again on an interception as Syracuse rolled to a 43-17 victory over No.
Things looking up for Cavs They #39;ve won three in a row and nine of the last 10 to improve to 9-4 overall. The Cavaliers are now 6-1 at the Gund. Only San Antonio, Seattle and Sacramento, who are undefeated at home, have better records in their home arenas.
Four rescued from mine blast FOUR workers were pulled out alive from a mine in north China today, leaving 166 colleagues trapped and feared dead after a gas explosion, local officials said.
DUP won #39;t be  #39;bounced #39; into deal As Northern Irelands talks to revive power sharing remained delicately balanced, the DUP leader told colleagues at a dinner last night in North Antrim if the deal was to work it must include the transparent destruction of IRA weapons.
Moonlit Taj Entralls hundreds after 20 years Tourists, lovebirds and locals came in hundreds to view the Taj Mahal at night on Saturday, after the Supreme Court allowed visitors to gaze at the dazzling marble monument by moonlight for the first time in two decades.
Stephen Dodd Wins China Open (AP) AP - Wales' Stephen Dodd won the China Open for his first PGA European Tour title, shooting a 4-under 68 on Sunday for a three-stroke victory over Denmark's Thomas Bjorn.
Grower Suggests Opening Your Mind to More Open Christmas Trees Before you open your holiday gifts, Eric and Gloria Sundback want you to open up your Christmas tree. Instead of buying an evenly shaped tree densely packed with 
BARRERA EDGES AHEAD IN MORALES TRILOGY Marco Antonio Barrera has claimed the WBC super-featherweight title with a majority points win over old adversary Erik Morales at the MGM Grand Garden Arena in Las Vegas.
Washington freezes out competition in Alaska When this college basketball season began, it was difficult to really know what to make of the University of Washington. Lorenzo Romar #39;s team did return five starters from last season.
James gives Bulls taste of his artistry Trying to comprehend how Cleveland Cavaliers star LeBron James can be so good, so young. On Saturday night at Gund Arena, James became the youngest player in NBA history to reach 2,000 points for his career.
Charity helping teachers to teach children about tsunami in southeast Asia (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - TORONTO (CP) - A charitable group for children is sending information kits to teachers across Canada to assist them in helping students understand the effects of tsunamis in southeast Asia that have inundated the world with haunting images of grief and destruction.
Redfern  #39;mob #39; accused over Palm Island PARTICIPANTS in the Redfern riots were among an angry mob who burned down a police station on Queensland #39;s Palm Island, police said yesterday.
Ukraine Sees Fresh Rallies After Parliament Vote (Reuters) Reuters - Opposition supporters rallied anew on the\streets of the Ukrainian capital on Sunday, boosted by a\parliamentary vote declaring invalid a disputed presidential\poll handing victory to Prime Minister Viktor Yanukovich.
Digital recorders bump old VCRs off the shelf If you #39;re replacing an aging VCR, a recorder that uses digital technology now deserves first consideration. The reasons include picture quality that can exceed that of a 
MacArthur sets sail on solo round-the-world challenge (AFP) AFP - British yachtswoman Ellen MacArthur set sail in an attempt to set a new solo round-the-world record.
Reliance Energy board to meet in next few days Mumbai, November 28 :The board of power utility Reliance Energy Ltd will meet in the next few days to consider the resignations of six of its directors, the company said on Sunday.
LeBron makes NBA history Cleveland Cavaliers youngster LeBron James scored 26 points in his side #39;s 96-74 victory over the Chicago Bulls to become the youngest player in NBA history to reach 2,000 points.
Barcelona #39;s Eto #39;o given racial abuse by Getafe fans Barcelona striker Samuel Eto #39;o was the target of apparent racial abuse from opposition fans during his side #39;s 2-1 victory over Getafe in Madrid on Saturday.
Close two-man race for Romania #39;s presidency BUCHAREST, ROMANIA - Observers fear that vote tampering will mar results of Sunday #39;s presidential election in Romania. The close race is between Bucharest #39;s mayor, Traian Basescu, a frank-talking, hands-on 
First Look: Skip Gateway's MP3 Photo Jukebox Color display and photo support can't save oddly designed player.
It #39;s back to business as usual CLEVELAND -- Former Bulls guard Ron Harper sat courtside at Gund Arena on Saturday night, shaking his head and laughing in disbelief at what has become of the team he helped win the last three of their six championships.
Plushenko, Slutskaya earn Cup of Russia titles Evgeni Plushenko and Irina Slutskaya delighted the home crowd Saturday by winning the Cup of Russia with superb free skating programs in Moscow.
Dodd earns first win China Open Jiangsu, China (Sports Network) - Stephen Dodd closed with a four-under 68 Sunday to win the Volvo China Open by three strokes. Dodd finished the tournament at 12-under-par 276.
Huskies keep Tide at bay ANCHORAGE, Alaska - Kennedy Winston, like his University of Alabama basketball teammates, sunk back in his chair on the bench and watched as the University of Washington accepted the trophy for the Great Alaska Shootout.
Crawford #39;s 30 keeps Knicks hot at home Jamal Crawford scored 30 points, Stephon Marbury had 18 points and 15 assists and Tim Thomas scored 17 to lead the New York Knicks to a 108-102 victory over the visiting Toronto Raptors on Saturday.
Beyond Fallujah The battle of Fallujah, the most significant of the Iraq war since the fall of Baghdad, is a huge military success for US forces. But it #39;s not clear now, nor will it be for some time - perhaps not until elections 
Four rescued from China mine explosion Four workers have been pulled out alive from a mine in north China, leaving 166 colleagues trapped and feared dead after a gas explosion, local officials said.
Fog could mar Taj night-viewing in winter months Agra, Nov. 28 (PTI): The idea is right. But the timing is wrong. Being undertaken on an experimental basis for three months, night-viewing of the Taj Mahal may well be spoiled by an unwanted winter visitor -- the fog.
CRPF jawan goes berserk, guns down 7 colleagues Srinagar, Nov. 28 (PTI): Apparently furious over his humiliation by seniors, a CRPF constable went berserk killing seven of his colleagues, including a company commander, before being shot dead at the battalion 
Fiat boss denies end of GM tie-up Fiat chairman Luca di Montezemolo brushes off media speculation that the carmaker wants to scrap its partnership with General Motors.
Artificial trees grow on Americans More and more Americans are waking up Christmas morning to find Santa #39;s presents nestled under the plastic branches of an artificial tree.
Fiat boss denies end of GM tie-up Fiat chairman Luca di Montezemolo has brushed off media reports that the company wants to scrap its partnership with US giant General Motors (GM).
Partner: The Guide to Cost Effective Business Explore powerful options available to mid-sized companies
Inconclusive start sets up potential Sunday Skins bonanza The first nine holes of the Merrill Lynch Skins Game decided, well, almost nothing Saturday. On a day that saw the fewest skins won in the 22-year history of the event 
UPDATE 1-Briton Dodd wins maiden title in China Britain #39;s Stephen Dodd fired a four-under-par 68 to clinch his maiden European Tour title with a three-shot victory at the China Open on Sunday.
Win offers some relief for coach It #39;s almost certainly too little too late, although after what took place here on Saturday afternoon the rope reserved for the head coach has been put aside for the time being.
Depleted Pacers surviving, thriving After losing stars Ron Artest, Jermaine O #39;Neal and Stephen Jackson to suspensions for the melee in Motown last week, many across the NBA figured the Pacers would fall flat until at least O #39;Neal returned from his 25-game suspension; Jackson is out for 30 
Iraq elections still on target despite security concerns BAGHDAD (AFP) - Iraq #39;s landmark January polls looked set to take place as planned, although ongoing violence did nothing to alleviate the security concerns of the proponents of a delay.
At least 166 miners trapped, feared dead in China mine blast BEIJING (AFP) - A gas explosion ripped through a coal mine in north China #39;s Shaanxi province, trapping 166 miners in what threatens to be the worst disaster to hit the world #39;s biggest coal producer in recent years.
Australia says relationship with ASEAN economic SYDNEY, Australia (AFP): Australian Trade Minister Mark Vaile said on Sunday that Australia #39;s relationship with ASEAN was an economic one amid calls for Canberra to sign a non-aggression pact with the grouping.
Summit of French-Speaking Countries Condemns Ivory Coast Leaders at a summit in Burkina Faso of mostly French-speaking nations have condemned authorities in divided Ivory Coast for resuming hostilities in the rebel-held north earlier this month.
O Christmas tree In the past five years, national sales of real Christmas trees have dropped faster than needles on an unwatered pine in the living room.
No title game for Iowa State Crossett #39;s 25-yard field goal in overtime, the first of his college career, secured a 17-14 victory for beleaguered Missouri on Saturday.
Miller breaks through in downhill The way Antoine Deneriaz figures it, he was the fastest human on the course during yesterday #39;s season-opening World Cup downhill at Lake Louise, Alta.
Iraq rejects vote-delay demands BAGHDAD -- The interim Iraqi government brushed aside Sunni Muslim demands to delay the Jan. 30 election yesterday. And a spokesman for the majority Shiite Muslim community called the date  quot;non-negotiable.
Romanian Election also the subject of corruption As the voting gets underway, in what is expected to be a tight race, there are already election fears of fraud. Many are worried that the PSD (Social Democrats) might attempt to manipulate the voting in some way.
IBM's PC unit lost money from 2001 onwards IBM's personal computer division racked up \$965 million in losses between Jan. 1, 2001, and June 30, 2004, the company said in a filing to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.
eBay to drop Support for Microsoft's Passport eBay will soon drop support for Microsoft's Passport service, which was originally intended to make the world's biggest software maker the gatekeeper of Web identities.
8 Indian soldiers killed in Kashmir Eight paramilitary troopers were killed and two injured when a irate soldier went on a shooting spree killing in the Indian-administered Kashmir Saturday night.
15 students crushed to death by speeding Indian train BHOPAL - At least 15 students were crushed to death on Sunday by a speeding train at a railway station in the central Indian state of Madhya Pradesh, a local administrator told AFP.
Lockheed and the Future of Warfare In the post-9/11 world, Lockheed Martin has become more than just the nation's biggest military contractor. It is putting its stamp on military policies as well.
Brief: Oracle reshuffles executives at PeopleSoft Oracle Corp., now in the process of digesting its rival PeopleSoft Inc., did a top executive reshuffle in time for the new year, according to documents filed with the SEC.
High-tech truck toll system finally launched in Germany Germany's high-tech truck toll system, which relies on GPS technology and GSM wireless networks, began operation on Saturday without a glitch.
Myskina gives Russia Fed Cup lead Anastasia Myskina put Russia ahead in the Fed Cup final against France with a comprehensive win over Nathalie Dechy in the third singles rubber.
Pew study: Blogs busted out in 2004 For blogs and bloggers, 2004 was a good year, according to data released from the Pew Internet   American Life Project.
12 killed in train accident near Bhopal: India News: Bhopal, Nov 28 : Twelve people, including a woman, were ploughed to death by an express train outside the Sukhi Sevania railway station near here Sunday.
US Treasuries Fall for a Fifth Week; Foreign Demand May Wane The benchmark 10-year US Treasury note fell for a fifth week, its longest losing streak since May, on concern foreign investors #39; demand for US government bonds is waning.
FEDERAL RESERVE BANK OF SAN FRANCISCO Janet Yellen has had a dream career in economics -- a doctorate at Yale, prestigious appointments at UC Berkeley, White House economic adviser during the Clinton administration and two tours of duty at the Federal Reserve.
What it's like to switch to open-source An IT director reports on problems associated with a move to Linux.
ABCs of the BCS Six conference champions and two at-large teams will make up the participants in the four BCS bowl games, guaranteeing their schools huge paydays.
UPDATE 2-India peg back South Africa despite Kallis ton Jacques Kallis hit his 17th test century but India #39;s fast bowlers took wickets at regular intervals to restrict South Africa to 227 for five on the first day of the second and final test on Sunday.
PM heads to ASEAN summit AUSTRALIAN Prime Minister John Howard flies into the Laotian capital late today as security jitters threaten to engulf the ASEAN summit.
No BC in BCS Adios, Fiesta. Sayonara, Sugar. Bye-bye, Bowl Championship Series. Gator, why don't you give a call?
Apology due for this sorry performance There may have been gloomier, more depressing, and costlier days for a Boston College athletic team in the past 40 years, but I can't think of one.
Starting a Heat wave MIAMI -- The signs are everywhere. From the absence of the dreaded balcony curtain inside American Airlines Arena to the giant poster on the outside of the building triumphantly announcing,  quot;Daddy's Home. quot; This is, indeed, one big daddy. Shaquille O'Neal always has had a larger-than-life persona, perhaps because he is, well, very, very large. His singular presence on the Miami ...
Browsing the James 'bible' Manny Ramirez, who enters the 2005 season with 390 career home runs, has a 92 percent chance of joining the 500-home run club and a 44 percent chance of hitting 600, according to career assessments published in the  quot;2005 Bill James Handbook, quot; written by the statistical analyst whose stature in the game has not suffered by the Red Sox winning ...
Taking a liking to Vikings East Boston's Jermaine Wiggins has roamed from college team to college team, NFL team to NFL team. He fills perfectly the role of nomad tight end.
New department for Bruins strength coach For months, he's been a man without a team. Bruins strength and conditioning coach John Whitesides filled up some of the time helping defenseman Hal Gill rehabilitate from a broken foot suffered during the World Cup of Hockey. Now that Gill is healthy, Whitesides is working with the Wilmington Fire Department.
Hill, Magic deep-six 76ers Grant Hill scored 29 points and Steve Francis added 26, leading the Magic to their fourth win in five games, a 105-99 victory over the Philadelphia 76ers last night in Orlando, Fla. Francis had 15 in the fourth quarter, with 6 in the final 48 seconds. His jumper with 48 seconds left put the Magic up, 101-97, but Allen Iverson ...
Blue Hens punch ticket to quarters Sonny Riccio ran for two touchdowns and passed for 148 yards to lead Delaware to a 28-14 win over visiting Lafayette yesterday in the first round of the Division 1-AA playoffs.
Broncos capture another WAC title RENO -- Jared Zabransky passed for 244 yards and three touchdowns to lead No. 10 Boise State past Nevada, 58-21, last night and keep the unbeaten Broncos' hopes alive for a spot in the BCS with their 22d straight win.
For Davis, Tulsa, win is a wacky one TULSA, Okla. -- Ashlan Davis extended his NCAA record with his fifth kickoff return for a touchdown this season and Tulsa beat No. 24 UTEP, 37-35, yesterday for its first win against a ranked opponent in more than eight years.
Gopher trio is golden The Harvard women's hockey team faced the question every top team in the nation will try to answer this season: How to stop Minnesota's quick-shooting, sharp-skating top line.
Hard feelings likely to linger Parting with Syracuse and the Big East was such sweet sorrow for Boston College after the 17th-ranked Eagles, playing their final game as a Big East member, absorbed a ruinous 43-17 loss yesterday that prevented them from winning the conference title outright and clinching a Bowl Championship Series berth.
No keeping up with Jones LOUISVILLE, Ky. -- Montrell Jones caught two touchdown passes and returned a punt for a score, and No. 7 Louisville clinched its third Conference USA championship since 2000 with a 70-7 rout of Cincinnati yesterday.
Wildcats again hits on the road STATESBORO, Ga. -- The University of New Hampshire went down to Georgia and stole a playoff game from Georgia Southern.
Where to now? Look out below If yesterday's 43-17 loss to Syracuse weren't disappointing enough for Boston College, which had hopes of its first Bowl Championship Series berth, more bad news could be coming in the next several days.
Pittsburgh in driver's seat now for top berth Syracuse's 43-17 victory over Boston College forged a four-way tie for first place in the Big East among the Orange, Eagles, Pittsburgh, and West Virginia.
Not much fight in Irish LOS ANGELES -- They were playing the role of spoilers, heavy underdogs to a Southern California team that wants to prove it is the best college football team in the country this season.
Perfect seasons on the line East Boston finishes the regular season undefeated and moves on to the playoffs to host a team with a potent running attack and a complicated offensive scheme. Sound familiar?
Tigers hoping to break through Tyngsboro is fast becoming comparable to the Buffalo Bills of the early 1990s. After three consecutive Super Bowl losses, the Tigers once again find themselves with a playoff berth and yet another Commonwealth Large title.
Newton North's Barnicle headed to nationals NEW YORK -- Second time's a charm for Newton North senior Chris Barnicle. After finishing 10th last year, he won the Foot Locker Northeast Regional cross-country race yesterday at Van Cortlandt Park in the Bronx with a time of 15 minutes 27.2 seconds.
Will defense or offense win out? Last Saturday against Minuteman, the North Shore offense looked unstoppable in a 63-32 win. Meanwhile, the St. Mary's defense has held opponents under 15 points in 10 of 11 games.
India peg back South Africa despite Kallis ton (Reuters) Reuters - Jacques Kallis hit his 17th test century but India's fast bowlers took wickets at regular intervals to restrict South Africa to 227 for five on the first day of the second and final test on Sunday.
Trade organization slaps sanctions on American exports Clash over &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; WASHINGTON - The World Trade Organization imposed penalties yesterday on US exports ranging from apples to textiles, escalating a trade dispute the Bush administration has struggled to defuse by unsuccessfully urging Congress to repeal legislation aimed 
2004 reviews: Platforms InfoWorld reviews the year in operating systems, including the arrival of the v2.6 Linux kernel.
Pepper spray spurs toy store evacuation About 3,000 shoppers were evacuated from a Toys  quot;R quot; Us store in Times Square yesterday after pepper spray was set off inside, fire officials said.
Torvalds and others set for keynote at Linux summit Growing importance of Linux in the enterprise is focus of event.
Beware parents: Some video games not for kids It may be hailed as one of the most innovative and popular video games to date, but media watchdogs are warning parents to think twice before placing the sexually explicit and ultra violent Grand Theft Auto:  quot;San Andreas quot; adventure under the tree for 
Weekend warriors in test of technique and temperament THE breeze barely tickled the flags around the first tee, the weather was warming and the air light. The greens were true and gave good grip to approaches.
Heisman watch Cedric Benson, RB, Texas: Carried 33 times for 165 yards and made three receptions for 13 yards against Texas A amp;M on Friday. Reggie Bush, RB, USC: Caught two passes for 73 yards and one touchdown, and carried seven times for 24 yards against Notre Dame.
Knicks tighten defense in time When Stephon Marbury practically scraped the sky with a fourth-quarter jumper that barely beat the shot-clock buzzer and gave the Knicks a 12-point lead with 1:59 to play Saturday afternoon, Madison Square Garden began to empty.
It #39;s Up to Players, Hubie Brown Says Thursday #39;s unexpected resignation of Memphis Grizzlies coach Hubie Brown left a lot of questions unanswered. In his unique way of putting things, the 71-year-old Brown seemed to indicate he was burned out and had some health concerns.
Tamil minister asks Tigers not to go back to war : Colombo, Nov 28 : The Sri Lankan government today asked the Tamil Tigers to work for a negotiated political settlement to the decades-old ethnic strife, a day after LTTE supremo V Prabhakaran threatened to go back to war.
4 ASEAN nations vow to further sub-regional cooperation Cambodia, Laos, Myanmar and Vietnam (CLMV), four less-developed countries of the Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN), on Sunday vowed tofurther their sub-regional 
Firefighters die under rubble Gretzenbach, Switzerland - Seven Swiss firefighters were killed in the collapse of a parking garage ceiling in a fire in northern Switzerland, officials said on Sunday.
Jack Sirard: Free credit report should be read by consumers Bee Columnist. Beginning Wednesday, California consumers will be eligible to receive free copies of their credit reports. If you #39;ve never had a copy of your credit report, now is a good time to initiate the action.
McDonalds names 2nd CEO in 7 months McDonalds Corp. is welcoming its second new CEO in seven months, as Charlie Bell abruptly resigned to focus on battling the colon cancer doctors detected two weeks after he became the fast-food giants chief.
Sharon says Iran making every effort to possess nuclear arms Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon said in comments published on Sunday that the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) and Europe were not doing enough to prevent Iran from developing nuclear arms.
Myskina eases past Dechy to put Russia in charge French Open champion Anastasia Myskina put Russia on the brink of their first Fed Cup title on Sunday, a 6-3 6-4 victory over Nathalie Dechy giving the home team a 2-1 lead in the final against holders France.
Barca Eto #39;o encounters racism at Getafe Barcelona striker Samuel Eto #39;o encountered apparent racial abuse from opposition fans during his side #39;s 2-1 victory over Getafe in Madrid on Saturday.
Report: FBI Finds Link Between P/11, Madrid Bombs (Reuters) Reuters - The FBI has established the clearest\link yet between the March 11 Madrid train bombings and the\Sept. 11, 2001, attacks on the United States, a Spanish\newspaper reported Sunday.
Chirac Rival Sarkozy Gets French Party Boost (Reuters) Reuters - French Finance Minister Nicolas Sarkozy\took over the ruling conservative party Sunday at a glitzy\American-style congress that put him on course to launch a\presidential bid and possibly challenge Jacques Chirac.
Tree traditions Soon, Linda Anderson and members of her family will bundle up and make the annual trip to the Christmas tree farm in search of a tree.
PRODUCT RECALLS -- Procter  amp; Gamble Co. of Cincinnati is recalling 175,000 SweepVacs by Swiffer Vacuum Cleaner. In some cases, when the vacuum cleaner is left in the on position, the rotor can lock up and cause the unit to overheat.
Industry outlines agenda for Bush The nation #39;s home builders, real estate salespeople and mortgage bankers stood by their man in the presidential election, and now they hope he stands by his housing agenda during the next four years.
Italian automaker Fiat chief denies GM pullout Italian automaker Fiat chief Luca Cordero de Montezemolo denied on Saturday rumors that US car giant General Motors is planning to pull out of the Italian carmaker.
Mount St Helens rumbles in US A 3.1-magnitude earthquake shook the crater at Mount St Helens yesterday, the strongest quake at the volcano since mid-October. US Geological Survey scientists said they did not believe a major eruption was 
Nongame studies: Whales to warblers Bowhead whales and boreal owls are among the wide range of research projects proposed for the upcoming year through the Alaska Department of Fish and Game #39;s nongame program.
Roma Form Reappears At Siena Francesco Totti scored a capping brace as crisis-stricken AS Roma got well with a 4-0 away rout of Siena. The Giallorossi built a quick 2-0 lead with Serie A top scorer Vincenzo Montella poaching a pair within 10 second half minutes.
Leinart Passes USC Past Notre Dame 41-10 No. 1 USC Pummels Notre Dame 41-10; Matt Leinart Makes Heisman Case With 400 Yards, Five TD Passes. Southern California #39;s quarterback Matt Leinart throws during their 41-10 win over Notre Dame during the first half in Los Angeles, on Saturday, Nov.
England 19-21 Australia BATTERED but unbowed, England lost the re-run of the World Cup final in one of the most sensational matches Twickenham has seen in recent years.
NBA Insider What a disgrace Ron Artest has become. And the worst part is, the Indiana Pacers guard just doesn #39;t get it. Four days after fueling one of the biggest brawls in the history of pro sports, Artest was on national 
Marbury: Vince underused New York Knicks guard Stephon Marbury was asked yesterday if his club had done anything special to try to keep Raptors guard Vince Carter in check.
Tech gobbles up Virginia BLACKSBURG - For the first time in the 86-game history of the Virginia-Virginia Tech football rivalry, chants of  quot;ACC, ACC quot; echoed in the Hokies #39; cheering section Saturday.
Iraqi Government Dismisses Calls to Postpone Elections A spokesman for Iraq #39;s interim government has rejected calls, mainly by Sunni and Kurdish groups, to postpone the country #39;s first national elections.
 #39;Resolution of J amp;K issue will be biggest CBM #39; Islamabad: Emphasising the need for  quot;sincerity quot; and  quot;flexibility quot; to resolve all outstanding issues with India, including the Kashmir problem, Pakistan on Sunday said the recent meeting involving the Prime Ministers of both countries has helped in 
Chirac Rival Sarkozy Gets French Party Boost French Finance Minister Nicolas Sarkozy took over the ruling conservative party Sunday at a glitzy American-style congress that put him on course to launch a presidential bid and possibly challenge Jacques Chirac.
Pig brother helps porkers flourish Hi-tech monitoring of livestock at pig farms could help improve the animal growth process and reduce costs.
Sharon set to end 15-month boycott of Palestinian leadership JERUSALEM (AFP) - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon was set to end his 15-month boycott of the Palestinian leadership after expressing a willingness to meet new PLO chief and presidential favourite Mahmud Abbas.
Colombia Says Rebels Planned to Kill Bush A top official in Colombia says the country #39;s largest Marxist rebel group targeted President Bush for assassination when he visited Cartagena this past week.
Global forex volatility underscores China's growing economic muscle (AFP) AFP - Foreign exchange markets felt the impact of China's growing economic muscle this week when a report claiming the country's central bank had sold US Treasuries helped push the euro to all-time highs, underscoring market sensitivity about a possible yuan revaluation.
Pampling in command after second day of centenary Australian Open SYDNEY, (AFP) - Australian golfer Rod Pampling shot his second consecutive 67 around the notoriously difficult Australian Golf Club here to find himself well in charge after the second day of the centenary Australian Open.
South Africa aim at a first innings total of 400-450 : Sports India: Cricket  gt; Kolkata, Nov 28 : South African captain Graeme Smith today said the visitors, who scored 227 for five on the opening day of the second cricket Test here, were aiming at a first innings total of 400-450 to put pressure on India.
CIO Tech Poll: IT spending projections down in December CIOs surveyed last month predicted that IT spending would grow by only 6.7 during the next 12 months, down from the 8.4 growth rate they predicted in November, according to the latest CIO Magazine Tech Poll released today.
Dozens trapped in China mine blast TONGCHUAN, CHINA - A gas explosion tore through a coal mine in China #39;s Shaanxi province, trapping as many as 170 miners underground.
Bush was allegedly targeted Marxist rebels tried to organize an assassination attempt against President Bush during his visit to the port city of Cartagea last week, a top Colombian official said yesterday.
L.A. sues Web hotel bookers for pocketing room tax Internet travel sites are cheating cities on taxes by pocketing the difference between the hotel room tax they pay and the amount collected from consumers, the city of Los Angeles said in a lawsuit filed last week.
Death by a thousand cuts THE ghosts of Calcutta 2001 and aches of Australia #39;s over-worked bowlers have combined to ensure that New Zealand #39;s demise will be death by a thousand cuts, drives and pulls after Ricky Ponting failed to enforce the follow-on during the second Test 
Serie A Saturday Wrap: Roma Revival In Siena Roma, enduring a torrid season, had something to smile about on Saturday night after crushing Siena 4-0 after a sustained second-half onslaught at the Stadio Artemio Franchi.
Coast Guard Tries To Contain 20-Mile Oil Slick PHILADELPHIA -- The US Coast Guard has deployed thousands of feet of protective boom to contain a 30,000-gallon oil spill in the Delaware River between Philadelphia and southern New Jersey.
St. Helens has largest earthquake since mid-October A 3.1-magnitude earthquake shook the crater at Mount St. Helens Saturday morning, the strongest quake at the volcano since its new lava dome began growing in mid-October.
Relics Taken in the Crusades Returned after 8 Centuries Pope John Paul II yesterday returned two relics taken during the Crusades, who plundered Istanbul (then Constantinople) in 1204, to Fener Greek Patriarch Bartholomeos as a gesture of friendship with the Orthodox Church.
Hydrogen Production Method Could Bolster Fuel Supplies Researchers say they have found a way to produce hydrogen with far less energy than other methods, a development that would move the country closer to the goal of a "hydrogen economy."
Oil Spill Halts Shipping on River Near South Jersey A tanker ship spilled 30,000 gallons of heavy crude oil into the Delaware River between Pennsylvania and southern New Jersey on Friday night.
After-Thanksgiving Day Sales Attract Bargain Hunters ( Friday, November 26, 2004 - WANE - Fort Wayne) -- The day after Thanksgiving is often referred to as  quot;Black Friday quot; because it #39;s suppose to be the day retailers go from being in the  quot;red quot; to being in the  quot;black quot; because of holiday sales.
Pacquiao irked by Barrera statement MANNY PACQUIAO was piqued when told about the statements made by Marco Antonio Barrera and his promoter, Oscar dela Hoya, moments after Barreras thrilling win over Erik Morales at the MGM Grand in Las Vegas.
Pampling Leads Australian Open by Four Colombia #39;s Camilo Villegas hits out of a bunker on the 15th hole during round 2 of the Australian Golf Open in Sydney, Australia, Friday, Nov. 26, 2004.
Season on the brink lands CU in title game Colorado will have more to remember about this season than just scandal and turmoil -- most notably, a trip to the Big 12 title game that seemed nearly impossible just a few weeks ago.
Romanians Vote Slowly, Eyeing EU, Poverty and Graft Romanians, angered by poverty and corruption, went to the polls on Sunday in a closely contested election to decide who will lead the Balkan country through two years of hard European Union-dictated reforms.
Can Africa solve African problems? A look ahead at issues and events likely to make headlines in the coming year.
High Court Cases Show 2 Sides of Conservatism (Los Angeles Times) Los Angeles Times - WASHINGTON  #8212; The U.S. Supreme Court can ignore the usual liberal-versus-conservative divide in the next two weeks when it takes up California-centric cases on medical marijuana and the direct shipping of wine to consumers. Instead, the justices will be forced to decide between competing versions of conservatism.
Largest Quake Since Oct. Hits St. Helens MOUNT St. HELENS Nov 27, 2004 - A 3.1-magnitude earthquake shook the crater at Mount St. Helens on Saturday, the strongest quake at the volcano since mid-October.
A Video 'Curse' Snares Would-Be TV Pioneers  LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - It reads like a VIP list of  failures -- Hewlett-Packard, Toshiba, Intel, and Philips.
Roma return to form in style AS Roma ended a run of four defeats with a 4-0 win at Siena in Serie A on Saturday with two goals each from Vincenzo Montella and Francesco Totti.
Crime Spurs South Africa's Inventors to Action  JOHANNESBURG (Reuters) - Want a computer that screams when  a thief strikes? Or a personal tracking unit in case you get  kidnapped?
UW Men Tops In Alaska ANCHORAGE - The University of Washington men #39;s basketball team was without Brandon Roy Saturday night, but the 22nd-ranked Huskies still won the Great Alaska Shootout.
Iran Apparently Agrees to Stop Enrichment Iranian President Mohammad Khatami, right, talks with Iraqi Vice-President, Ibrahim al-Jafari, during their official meeting in Tehran, Iran, Saturday Nov. 27, 2004.
166 coal miners feared dead Beijing - A gas explosion ripped through a coal mine in north China #39;s Shaanxi province on Sunday, trapping 166 miners in what threatens to be the worst disaster to hit the world #39;s biggest coal producer in recent years.
Thaksin to meet Malaysian, Indonesian leaders about Muslim unrest VIENTIANE (AFP): Thailand #39;s prime minister will meet the leaders of Malaysia and Indonesia on Sunday to explain his refusal to allow a major summit here to broach Muslim unrest in his country, an official said.
Ready Cash Could Reward Wall Street Bulls Stocks have gained little headway this year but could get a lift over the next couple months from an infusion of cash poised to come into the market from corporations and individuals, Wall Street experts say.
No personal shareholding in Reliance Energy, claims Anil Caught in a row with elder brother Mukesh Ambani over the ownership of Reliance empire, Reliance Energy chairman and managing director Anil Ambani on Sunday sought to enlist support of all the 25,000 strong workforce of the company saying like them he was 
Nation briefs 11/28 MOUNT ST. HELENS -- A 3.1-magnitude earthquake shook the crater at Mount St. Helens on Saturday, the strongest quake at the volcano since mid-October.
Recording industry and Kazaa face off in Australia The next chapter in the global legal battle between the recording industry and file-sharing services is due to unfold here Monday when the owners of the 
eBay to Drop Support for Microsoft's Passport  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Microsoft Corp. said on Thursday  that eBay Inc. will soon drop support for its Passport service,  originally intended to make the world's biggest software maker  the gatekeeper of Web identities.
Mountain of support LAKE LOUISE -- Long before Calgary #39;s Jan Hudec or American Bode Miller provided something tangible to cheer about, the crowd at the bottom of the hill roared its approval anyway.
No word on trapped China miners A gas explosion in a state-owned mine in China has left 166 miners trapped underground with no means of contact. Nearly 300 miners were in Chenjiashan mine in Shaanxi province when the blast happened on Sunday morning, but 127 escaped, said state media.
Riot island police refuse to go back PALM Island #39;s eight police have refused to return to the riot-torn Aboriginal community off Townsville, sparking fears from the police union that it would be almost impossible to find replacements.
Two Blasts Rock Kazakh Ruling Party's Headquarters (Reuters) Reuters - Two powerful blasts rocked\the headquarters of President Nursultan Nazarbayev's ruling\Otan (Fatherland) party in Almaty's busy central district\Sunday evening, a spokeswoman for the Emergencies Agency said.
No word on trapped China miners About 166 miners remain trapped deep in a mine in central China, with all communications lost.
Do Not Rule Out Lower-Priced Apple iMac--Analyst  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Apple Computer Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=AAPL.O qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;AAPL.O&lt;/A&gt;  could decide to sell a lower-priced of its Macintosh computer  to attract consumers already enamored of its iPod music player  and annoyed by security problems with Windows PCs, Piper  Jaffray analyst Gene Munster said on Thursday.
French hostages fate rests on spy inquiry HOPES rose yesterday for two French journalists seized more than three months ago in Iraq after the The Sunday Times obtained a new CD-Rom showing both men apparently well and in good spirits.
Militant won #39;t run for leader from jail THE jailed firebrand Palestinian leader Marwan Barghouti has decided not to run for the presidency of the Palestinian Authority, lifting the threat of a divided vote in his Fatah faction.
The grim ordeal of France #39;s hostages On Saturday, it is 100 days since Georges Malbrunot was taken hostage, and I still feel the rage I felt on the first day. The pain of Georges #39; parents and brother is impossible to measure, the suffering of his fiance unimaginable.
Sharon and Abbas Say They Are Willing to Meet (Reuters) Reuters - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon\and Palestinian leader Mahmoud Abbas said in interviews\published Sunday they would be willing to meet, though such\talks were unlikely before a Jan. 9 Palestinian election.
3 Giants Create New Online Music Service LOS ANGELES Nov 25, 2004 - Three major recording companies have agreed to make their music available to be shared and sold over a new online file-swapping service that aims to lure music fans away from rival services where trading of music and movies 
Mobile Phone Firms Link for New High-Speed Standard  TOKYO (Reuters) - Leading wireless carriers and telecoms  equipment makers have agreed to develop an advanced mobile  phone standard capable of sending high-resolution video in an  instant, Japan's NTT DoCoMo said on Friday.
England stutter for Zimbabwe win England beat Zimbabwe by five wickets in the opening one-day international.
PluggedIn: Beyond the iPod, Accessories Are Hot Items  SEATTLE (Reuters) - Got an iPod during the holidays?  Chances are, you're already shopping for the perfect case or  eyeing a new kit to plug your portable digital music player  into a car stereo system, while browsing the plethora of other  accessories available for Apple Computer Inc.'s &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=AAPL.O qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;AAPL.O&lt;/A&gt;  popular product.
James Becomes Youngest to Score 2,000 (AP) AP - LeBron James scored 26 points to become the youngest player in NBA history to reach 2,000 in a career, leading the Cleveland Cavaliers to a 96-74 victory over the Chicago Bulls on Saturday night.
Alaska resumes aerial wolf-control program Aerial hunters have claimed the first wolf kills of the season as Alaska officials renew predator-control efforts to boost moose and caribou populations.
LeBron pumps in 43 as Cavs pound Pistons Perhaps trying to show his US Olympic team coach that he should have played more in Greece, LeBron James scored a career-high 43 points Wednesday to lead the Cleveland Cavaliers to a 92-76 win over Larry Brown #39;s Detroit Pistons.
Electronics Industry Battles for the Living Room  SAN FRANCISCO/LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - The living room, once  the most technologically simple part of the average home, is a  high-tech battleground today as the consumer electronics  industry seeks to digitize home entertainment and make it  available anywhere, anytime.
Australia march into dominant position against NZ Justin Langer and Matthew Hayden finished the third day #39;s play at Adelaide as they had begun the first, by rumbling along to an unbeaten 57-run stand to take Australia one step closer to a crushing victory in the second Test against New Zealand.
France Ties Russia 2-2 in Fed Cup (AP) AP - U.S. Open champion Svetlana Kuznetsova lost for the second straight day, leaving Russia tied 2-2 with defending champion France in the Fed Cup final Sunday.
Retail sales surge on US holiday Sales at United States retailers, including JC Penney and Target, got a boost on the first weekend of the US holiday-shopping season as customers bought discounted retail goods.
ANALYSIS-Fiat Unlikely to Hit the GM  #39;Put #39; Button, for Now Italians are nervous Fiat will take the extreme option of hiving off its auto arm to General Motors in 2005, but analysts say it is unlikely to sell until the 105-year-old carmaker is clear of crisis.
Earthquake Hits Mount St. Helens Scientists from the US Geological Survey report that small earthquakes have registered about once a minute for the past several weeks.
3 Giants Create New Online Music Service Three major recording companies have agreed to make their music available to be shared and sold over a new online file-swapping service that aims to lure music fans away from rival 
Microsoft 29m yuan order lost The Beijing municipal government has apparently given in to mounting domestic criticism and withdrawn its recent order for computer operating systems and office suite software from United States giant Microsoft.
Tens of Thousands More Deaths Expected in Sumatra  UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - Tens of thousands of people have  probably died in Indonesia's western Sumatra and Aceh Province  or will perish before relief workers can reach them, a senior  U.N. official said Monday.
France Shocks Russia to 1-1 Tie at Fed Cup Prior to her opening-round match in the Fed Cup final Saturday, Svetlana Kuznetsova said her loss to Nathalie Dechy in their lone meeting last January was an anomaly, since it was before she became US OPEN WINNER SVETLANA KUZNETSOVA.
McGrath puts skids under N Zealand Paceman Glenn McGrath grabbed four wickets as Australia took firm control of the second Test in Adelaide by bowling out New Zealand for 251 -- a first innings lead of 324.
Baltimore vs. New England FOXBORO, Massachusetts (Ticker) -- The Baltimore Ravens have the NFL #39;s top-ranked scoring defense. But the Ravens may be the ones having trouble moving the ball Sunday when they meet the New England Patriots.
Mellors Stunning Strike Sinks Arsenal Neil Mellor delivered a stunning killer blow with virtually the last kick of the game at Anfield to condemn Arsenal to another defeat and leave them five points adrift of leaders Chelsea, whom they meet in a fortnights time.
Greek Orthodox in Turkey celebrate return of relics stolen 800 &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; ISTANBUL, Nov 27 (AFP) - Hundreds of faithful of the Greek Orthodox Church in Turkey crowded into a small cathedral in Istanbul Saturday to celebrate the return by the Vatican of religious relics stolen during the crusades some 800 years ago.
Hope of medical progress carries vote A committee of renowned scientists said the result was a vote of confidence in medical research and a positive sign for Switzerland as a centre for science and research.
Columbian Marxist Group Planned Assassination on President Bush ( Columbia -- November 28, 2004) -- (AP) There #39;s new information that a rebel group in Colombia had planned to assassinatePresident Bush during his visit there last week.
Iraq: Elections Must Go Ahead As Planned Iraqi National Guard soldiers remove the bodies of four murdered men found in a cemetery as US Army troops secure the perimeter in Mosul, Iraq, Sunday, Nov. 28, 2004.
Song and Dance as Land Mine Meeting Opens in Kenya Kenya Sunday launched an international conference aimed at working toward the eradication of land mines by the year 2009 with traditional African dances and songs.
Jerusalem bishop: Israel will miss Arafat The Episcopal bishop of Jerusalem says Israel may soon long for the days when Yasser Arafat was alive. The Right Reverend Riah Abu el-Assal told the Honolulu Star-Bulletin during 
Israeli Company Offers Free Tsunami Alert System  JERUSALEM (Reuters) - An Israeli company said on Monday it  planned to distribute free to Asian countries hit by last  week's tsunami a device it says could save lives by warning  holiday-makers directly that a tidal wave is coming.
Myskina keys all three wins over France MOSCOW -- Anastasia Myskina and Vera Zvonareva powered Russia to its first Fed Cup title by winning the decisive doubles against defending champion France on Sunday.
Jol won #39;t blame his strikers New Tottenham manager Martin Jol has refused to blame his expensive shot-shy strike force for the club #39;s recent plight. Despite the presence of Frederic Kanoute, Robbie Keane and Jermain Defoe in a stellar 
Mine Blast in China Leaves Over 160 Missing A gas explosion blasted through a coal mine in central China today, leaving more than 160 miners missing in what may be the country #39;s worst coal-mine accident in recent years.
Mellor strike gives Liverpool victory A Neil Mellor strike in the 90th minute has condemned Arsenal to a 2-1 defeat at Anfield. The youngster struck in the second minute of injury time to pinch the three points off the champions after an absorbing contest.
Golf: Thank Dodd I #39;m getting better For starters, he moved into the final round of the European Tour #39;s China Open in the lead - a lofty position he has never occupied.
UPDATE 1-Novo sends Rangers top as Celtic are held (adds Rangers v Hearts) LONDON, Nov 28 (Reuters) - Spanish striker Nacho Novo steered Rangers to the top of the Scottish Premier League on Sunday after scoring twice in a 3-2 comeback win over Hearts.
Jobs, Retail on Stock Market Menu (Reuters) Reuters - When Wall Street gets back to work\this week after the Thanksgiving holiday, the focus will be on\jobs and retail sales.
Bush's Big Economic Pick Is Next Fed Chief (AP) AP - While President Bush is busy putting together his Cabinet for a second term, the financial world's attention is on a job vacancy 14 months away: Who will succeed Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan?
No. 1 USC Rolls Past Notre Dame 41-10 (AP) AP - For one quarter, Notre Dame was better than No. 1 Southern California. Then the Trojans got serious, and the Fighting Irish had no chance. Matt Leinart made a big pitch for the Heisman Trophy, passing for a career-high 400 yards and a school record-tying five touchdowns, and the Trojans overcame a sluggish start to beat Notre Dame 41-10 Saturday night.
Dexia formally abandon's merger plans with Italy's Sanpaolo (AFP) AFP - French-Belgian bank Dexia said  that it has decided to terminate its plans to form an alliance with Italian bank Sanpaolo IMI.
Arsenal Loses Again in Premier League (AP) AP - Arsenal dropped five points behind Chelsea in the English Premier League on Sunday after losing 2-1 to Liverpool on an injury-time goal by Neil Mellor.
Sudan 'coup plotters' lawyers say still no accesss to accused (AFP) AFP - Lawyers defending suspects in an alleged coup attempt to topple Sudanese President Omar al-Beshir's Islamist government said that they still had not been allowed to see their clients.
Spain-U.S. Match Expected to Set Record (AP) AP - This week's U.S.-Spain Davis Cup final is expected to break the attendance record for a sanctioned tennis match.
Poll: Most Support Justice Retirement Age (AP) AP - Six in 10 Americans say there should be a mandatory retirement age for Supreme Court justices, according to an Associated Press poll.
White House Nixed Early Hearing on Rice Nomination (Reuters) Reuters - At the urging of the White House, a\key Senate panel will put off consideration of the nomination\of Condoleezza Rice to be secretary of state, the chairman of\the Senate Foreign Relations Committee said on Sunday.
Indian passengers killed by train At least 15 people are dead after being run down by a high-speed train in Madhya Pradesh state in India.
Blunkett orders visa inquiry Home secretary asks for an independent review into claims he intervened in a visa application for his ex-lover's former nanny.
New Band Aid single goes on sale The new Band Aid single is released in record stores on Monday, with staff poised for a massive rush in sales.
Mine Blast in China Leaves Over 160 Missing A gas explosion may be the country's worst coal-mine accident in recent years.
Iran Group Canvasses for Suicide Bombers (AP) AP - The 300 men filling out forms in the offices of an Iranian aid group were offered three choices: Train for suicide attacks against U.S. troops in Iraq, for suicide attacks against Israelis or to assassinate British author Salman Rushdie.
Russia beat France to win its first Fed Cup Russia edged defending champion France 3-2 to claim its first Fed Cup title Sunday, with Anastasia Myskina and Vera Zvonareva beating Marion Bartoli and Emilie Loit 7-6 (5), 7-5 in the decisive doubles match.
Canada #39;s Klassen captures gold CBC SPORTS ONLINE - It was a memorable weekend for Canada #39;s Cindy Klassen in Heerenveen, Netherlands. The 25-year-old speed skater captured a gold medal in the women #39;s 1,500 metres in World Cup long-track action on Sunday.
Iran says nuclear deal with Europe is close Iranian officials said on Sunay night they were close to reaching consensus with Germany, Britain and France over a resolution on Tehran #39;s nuclear programme expected 
Swiss Voters Back Stem-Cell Research In the first national referendum on an issue that has divided both the European Union and the United States, Swiss voters have backed proposals to allow stem-cell research.
Sales Season Starts with Modest Expectations Description: Shoppers and retailers are in the thick of the buying season. But at stores in the Washington, DC, area, retailers are keeping their expectations realistic.
UK PRESS: Rio Tinto Considering Rival Bid For WMC LONDON (Dow Jones)--Mining group Rio Tinto Ltd. (RTP) is considering trumping a GBP2.9 billion bid by rival Xstrata PLC (XTA.LN) for Australian nickel miner WMC Resources Ltd.
It #39;s last gasp Liverpool A STUNNING injury-time Neil Mellor goal gave Liverpool a deserved Premiership win at Anfield today. The defeat was only the second in 55 league games for the champions.
Eto #39;o target of racial abuse Barcelona striker Samuel Eto #39;o was the target of apparent racial abuse during his side #39;s 2-1 victory over Getafe in Madrid on Saturday.
Review Finds Fla. Counties Voted for Bush (AP) AP - A newspaper's review of ballots cast in three north Florida counties where registered Democrats heavily outnumber Republicans showed just what officials reported: The counties' voters did on Election Day as they often do, voting for a Republican for president.
Russia Beats France to Win First Fed Cup In a fitting end to a season dominated by Russian women, the country won its first Fed Cup title Sunday by edging defending champion France 3-2 when Anastasia Myskina and Vera Zvonareva beat Marion Bartoli and Emilie Loit 7-6 (5), 7-5 in the deciding doubles match.
Arsenal Loses Again in Premier League Arsenal dropped five points behind Chelsea in the English Premier League on Sunday after losing 2-1 to Liverpool on an injury-time goal by Neil Mellor.
Sated on turkey, US consumers go on billion-dollar shopping fest (AFP) AFP - Sated by the traditional Thanksgiving turkey, US consumers went on a multi-billion-dollar shopping fest snapping up post-holiday retail bargains in stores across America, the Visa credit card group said.
Investors Hope for Strong Retail Reports (AP) AP - Will Wall Street wrap up another year-end rally in time for the holidays? A key job creation report and the strength of the weekend's shopping kickoff will determine the rally's fate in the week ahead.
Wal-Mart sales stoke recovery fears Worries about the sustainability of the US economic recovery were stoked om Sunday after the stores group Wal-Mart, seen as a bellwether for the country #39;s 
Reliance row: Anils camp mounts attack PTI, New Delhi, Nov 28: The battle between Ambani brothers over ownership issue of Rs 90,000 crore Reliance empire today intensified with Mr Anils camp mounting attack on elder brother and Reliance Industry CMD, Mr Mukesh accusing him of rebuffing 
UPDATE 1-China premier wants stable economy for yuan reform Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao signalled the country was in no rush to reform the yuan, and questioned why more hadn #39;t been done to stop the dollar #39;s slide, the strongest 
'Ringback' Tones May Be Next Big Thing (AP) AP - Ring tones are so yesterday. If wireless companies have their way, the next multibillion-dollar surprise in the cellular business will be "Ringback" tones.
Liverpool Beats Arsenal 2-1; Spurs End Losing Run (Update3) Neil Mellor #39;s goal in the closing seconds, his first in the Premiership, gave Liverpool a 2-1 win over Arsenal, leaving the Londoners five points behind leader Chelsea.
Australia take command in 2nd Test ADELAIDE, Nov. 28. - Glenn McGraths four wickets helped Australia take hold of the fourth day of the second cricket Test by restricting New Zealand to 251, giving the home side a first innings lead of 324.
Holiday-season portable games put Nintendo, Sony in shoot-'em-up round (AFP) AFP - The holiday shopping season is set to be a shoot-'em-up round in the video game industry, as its top players Nintendo and Sony go head to head by launching new and advanced hand-held machines.
CRPF jawan runs amok, kills 7 colleagues in Baramulla JAMMU, Nov. 28. - In a fit of anger after he was punished, a CRPF jawan shot dead seven of his colleagues before getting killed in retaliatory fire at the base camp of the 152 battalion of the CRPF in Baramulla, north Kashmir, late last night.
100 beached whales, dolphins die on Australian island, official says (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - HOBART, Australia (AP) - About 100 whales and dolphins died after beaching on a southern Australian island Sunday and about 50 more were still at risk, a government official said.
Summary: Basics of Climate Change, Pacts (AP) AP - A brief look at elements of climate change and the international agreements to deal with it:
Entering Kyoto' Years, Warming World Wo (AP) AP - The ice is melting and the heat is on for international delegates assembling in Buenos Aires next week to find new ways to confront global warming under the 194-nation treaty on climate change.
Ukrainian region seeks autonomy Supporters of Ukraine's PM announce a vote for autonomy, upping the stakes in the disputed election.
Iran offers nuclear 'concession' Iran backs down on its demand to exempt some of its technology from a nuclear freeze, diplomats say.
Family of US defector to North Korea eagerly awaits reunion (AFP) AFP - The family of US soldier Charles Robert Jenkins cheered his release from US military custody in Japan and said they look forward to seeing him for the first time since he defected to North Korea in 1965.
Swiss endorse stem cell research Swiss voters overwhelmingly approve government proposals to permit research using stem cells of human embryos.
Mount St. Helens Crater Shaken by Earthquake The earthquake, which struck on Saturday at the crater at Mount St. Helens, measured 3.1 on the Richter scale, making it the strongest quake at the volcano since mid-October.
Heir to Jordanian throne relieved of duties AMMAN - Jordans King Abdullah relieved his half brother Prince Hamza of his duties as crown prince, royal palace sources said on Sunday.
Archbishop #39;s Bid to Heal Rift over Homosexuality Traditionalists and gay Christians were tonight cautious over a call for unity by the Archbishop of Canterbury amid the row about homosexual clergy.
Reds carry Kewell While standing in a queue for what proved to be an undercooked cheeseburger, the script for Sunday afternoon #39;s Insider report was suggested.
Ravens - Patriots: 5 keys to the game The Baltimore Ravens (7-3) have a prime opportunity to exploit the New England Patriots #39; vulnerable secondary in today #39;s game at Gillette Stadium.
Do Not Rule Out Lower-Priced Apple iMac--Analyst (Reuters) Reuters - Apple Computer Inc. \could decide to sell a lower-priced of its Macintosh computer\to attract consumers already enamored of its iPod music player\and annoyed by security problems with Windows PCs, Piper\Jaffray analyst Gene Munster said on Thursday.
eBay to Drop Support for Microsoft's Passport (Reuters) Reuters - Microsoft Corp. said on Thursday\that eBay Inc. will soon drop support for its Passport service,\originally intended to make the world's biggest software maker\the gatekeeper of Web identities.
Fatah #39;s armed wing calls on Palestinians to support Abbas Palestinian mainstream Fatahmovement #39;s armed wing announced Sunday its commitment to the movement #39;s decision in choosing Mahmoud Abbas, chairman of thePalestine Liberation Organization 
CORRECTED - Song and dance as land mine meeting opens in Kenya In Nairobi story headlined  quot;Song and dance as land mine meeting opens in Kenya quot; please read in 7th paragraph ... He said over 22,000 people were killed and maimed... instead of ...He said 2,000 people were killed and maimed...(corrects figure).
WTO Authorizes Sanctions Against US Sanctions could be aimed at a wide range of American exports, possibly including steel ball bearings, cod, shoes and apples. Most would be imposed by Japan and the EU, which have been the hardest 
Fewer and fewer Christmas tree farms in Louisiana The number of Christmas tree farms in Louisiana has fallen like needles from an unwatered tree. There will be at least one less next year.
Mayor attacks WMC Resources takeover plan The proposed foreign takeover of WMC Resources has attracted more criticism, with concern the mining assets at stake could one day be an issue of national security.
Eagles Clinch Division Donovan McNabb and Brian Westbrook lead a 20-point second half to deliver a 27-6 win over the Giants, securing the Eagles' fifth straight trip to the playoffs.
Feeling the heat: Artic people fight against global warming REYKJAVIK: Arctic people aim to team up with tropical islanders in a campaign against global warming, arguing that polar bears and palm-fringed beaches stand to suffer the most.
NASA Plans To Slam  #39;Hammer #39; into Comet The Deep Impact spacecraft is undergoing final tests at Cape Canaveral, Florida. It will blast off atop a Boeing Delta 2 rocket on Dec. 30, and if all goes well, rendezvous with the comet Tempel 1 on Independence Day.
Apple #39;s iPod takes the lead on Sony #39;s home turf Juliana Sasaki didn #39;t bother checking out Sony Corp. #39;s digital music player in Tokyo before buying her green iPod mini.  quot;I knew Sony and other companies had MP3 players, but they can #39;t beat the mini, quot; said Sasaki, 23, a language teacher.
Philips Electronics resumes marketing PCs After an absence of a decade, Philips Electronics is making personal computers again, the company said yesterday. The Netherlands-based electronics conglomerate, which abandoned the PC business in the early 
Miller denies Maier to join greats LAKE LOUISE, Alberta -- American Bode Miller held off the legendary Hermann Maeir to win his third successive World Cup race and join a select ban of skiing greats.
Arsenal #39;s slide gathering pace It is just as well that Arsenal do not lose often, for they do not deal with defeat at all well. Sunday #39;s defeat was only their second in their past 55 in the Premiership, but 
Eagles clinch fourth straight division title CBC SPORTS ONLINE - Unlike every other team in the NFL, the Philadelphia Eagles are secure in the knowledge they are heading to the playoffs.
Rangers on top of Scottish league Spanish midfielder Nacho Novo led Glasgow Rangers to the top of the Scottish Premier League with two goals in a 3-2 beating of Hearts on Sunday as defending champion Celtic was held to a 2-2 tie with last-place Dundee.
Cards RB Smith leaves game with toe injury TEMPE, Ariz. (Nov. 28, 2004) -- Emmitt Smith was knocked out of the game against the New York Jets in the first quarter with a toe injury.
Italy: Inter Milan ties Juventus Serie A leader Juventus blew a two-goal, second-half lead and had to settle for a 2-2 tie with Inter Milan on Sunday, losing ground to defending champion AC Milan.
Bengals win shootout with Browns CINCINNATI (Ticker) -- Paul Brown would have been impressed at the offensive output of his two former teams. Carson Palmer threw a career-high four touchdowns and Rudi Johnson rushed for a career-best 202 
Chargers and Brees pick apart Chiefs KANSAS CITY, Missouri (Ticker) -- Drew Brees haunted the Kansas City Chiefs all day. Linebacker Donnie Edwards waited until a crucial time to haunt his former team.
Explosion in China coal mine, 166 trapped BEIJING, NOVEMBER 28: A gas explosion tore through a coal mine in northern China on Sunday, trapping as many as 166 miners in what could be the worst disaster to hit the worlds most dangerous mining industry in years.
Sharon and Abbas Express Hope for Gaza Talks Prime Minister Ariel Sharon of Israel and Mahmoud Abbas, the favorite to become the new Palestinian leader, said in separate interviews published today that they would be 
Marines die in  #39;death triangle #39; TWO US marines and at least three insurgents died south of the Iraqi capital, the first casualties of a US-led sweep of the so-called  quot;death triangle quot;, a marine spokesman said today.
Punished for spat, CRPF jawan guns down 7 colleagues BARAMULLA, NOVEMBER 28: Angered by the punishment handed down by his senior yesterday afternoon, a depressed CRPF jawan turned on his sleeping colleagues after midnight, killing two officers and five policemen before being killed in retaliatory fire.
MILITANTS GIVEN AMNESTY, AGREE TO END RESISTANCE Declaring that peace had been restored in part of Pakistan #39;s restive tribal areas, Pakistani military officials have announced that their troops will abandon 
Chelsea on a rampage LONDON: Chelsea returned to form and extended their lead at the top of the English Premiership with an impressive 4-0 win at Charlton Athletic yesterday.
CONFUSION OVER IRAN NUCLEAR DEAL Its unclear whether Iran has withdrawn its demand that some of its technology be excluded from a freeze on nuclear enrichment activities.
Mobile Phone Firms Link for New High-Speed Standard (Reuters) Reuters - Leading wireless carriers and telecoms\equipment makers have agreed to develop an advanced mobile\phone standard capable of sending high-resolution video in an\instant, Japan's NTT DoCoMo said on Friday.
Dexia formally abandon #39;s merger plans with Italy #39;s Sanpaolo BRUSSELS : French-Belgian bank Dexia said that it has decided to terminate its plans to form an alliance with Italian bank Sanpaolo IMI.
Crime Spurs South Africa's Inventors to Action (Reuters) Reuters - Want a computer that screams when\a thief strikes? Or a personal tracking unit in case you get\kidnapped?
Yahoo, Google Stocks Up on Upbeat Analyst Forecast (Reuters) Reuters - Shares of Internet search companies\Google Inc.  and Yahoo Inc.  rose on Monday\after Goldman Sachs raised its fourth-quarter estimates for\both companies.
England: Terry paces Chelsea Defender John Terry scored twice in three minutes as Chelsea beat Charlton 4-0 Saturday to open up a five-point lead at the top of the English Premier League.
Seoul cautious about anti-US tariffs November 29, 2004  Seoul said yesterday it would be cautious about levying retaliatory tariffs on US products, after the World Trade Organization on Friday gave Korea and six other economies the green light to enact such tariffs in response to a US 
Dexia calls off talks with Italian bank Dexia, the French-Belgian bank, on Sunday called off merger talks with Italy #39;s Sanpaolo IMI, ending the prospect of Europe #39;s biggest cross-border banking deal.
NASA will smash comet to see what #39;s inside You can learn something about a rock by looking at it. But what most geologists really want is to smack it with a hammer. And that #39;s just what planetary scientists will do July 4 when 
Bad Defense Spells Doom for Chiefs' Year (AP) AP - The Kansas City Chiefs have proved once more that no matter how high any offense might soar, all is lost when the defense can't stop anything.
Fleming walks in and out of debate CRICKET has its walkers and its stayers and now New Zealand captain Stephen Fleming has declared himself as the Kiwi in the middle.
Juve Lead Is Cut AC Milan closed the gap on leaders Juventus to four points after receiving a helping hand from city-rivals Inter. Having already won their game at Chievo earlier in the day thanks to on-loan Chelsea striker 
Dollar Rebounds But Tone Is Wary on Jobs  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The dollar rebounded on Monday after  last week's heavy sell-off but analysts were uncertain if the  rally would hold after fresh economic data suggested the  December U.S. jobs report due Friday might not live up to  market expectations.
Iraqi politician calls for elections delay Iraqi politician Adnan Pachachi has called for a six-month delay before elections originally scheduled for 30 January. Citing the tense security situation and the need to ensure thet greatest number of Iraqis 
Scandal-shocked Israelis ask if the army has lost its way JERUSALEM: Israel #39;s once-unshakable faith in the morality of the army has been put to the test by a series of recent scandals, one of which saw a soldier empty his weapon into 
Powerful quake rocks northern Japan, sparks tsunami warning TOKYO (AFP) - An earthquake with a magnitude of 7.1 on the Richter scale rocked the northern Japan island of Hokkaido, said the Kyodo news agency.
Panthers 21 Buccaneers 14 CHARLOTTE, NC Jake Delhomme (del-OHM #39;) threw a 40-yard touchdown pass to rookie Keary Colbert with 20 seconds remaining to give Carolina a 21-to-14 victory over Tampa Bay.
USC Retains Top Spot in AP Football Poll (AP) AP - A week after losing some support as the No. 1 team, Southern California got it right back. Top-ranked USC received 52 first-place votes, four more than last week, and 1,610 points in The Associated Press Top 25 on Sunday. In the previous poll, Southern Cal lost three first-place votes.
Bush Urges Northern Ireland Peace Efforts (AP) AP - Intervening for the second time in three days, President Bush on Sunday telephoned Sinn Fein leader Gerry Adams in an effort to advance negotiations toward a power-sharing agreement between Northern Ireland's Catholics and Protestants.
Actress Julia Roberts Gives Birth to Twins-Report (Reuters) Reuters - Actress Julia Roberts gave birth to\twins, a boy and a girl, in a Los Angeles hospital on Sunday,\People magazine reported on its Web site, citing an anonymous\source.
Powerful Earthquake Hits Northern Japan (AP) AP - A powerful earthquake with a preliminary magnitude of 7.1 struck Japan's northern island of Hokkaido early Monday, swaying buildings, throwing objects off shelves and triggering a tiny tsunami wave that reached the shore.
Texans Top Titans, Break Losing Streak (AP) AP - David Carr put together a huge comeback of his own after Brett Favre showed him how to do it last week. Carr threw for 201 yards and two touchdowns and Domanick Davis rushed for a season-high 129 yards and a score to help the Houston Texans rally from an 18-point deficit in a 31-21 win over the Tennessee Titans on Sunday.
Patriots Set NFL Record for Scoring First (AP) AP - Adam Vinatieri's 28-yard field goal early in the second quarter against the Baltimore Ravens put New England up 3-0 and gave them an NFL record with 16 consecutive regular-season games in which they've scored first.
Greek PM meets Mubarak (AFP) AFP - Prime Minister Costas Karamanlis, the first Greek premier to visit Egypt in 12 years, held talks in Cairo with President Hosni Mubarak.
Taiwan Celluar chief voices 3G doubts (FT.com) FT.com - Taiwan's telecommunications industry will need another two years before third-generation mobile services generate substantial revenue, according to Harvey Chang, president and CEO of Taiwan Cellular, the island's second-largest mobile phone operator.
Pakistan's Musharraf starts Brazil visit (AFP) AFP - Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf travels to the Brazilian capital for talks with President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva as he seeks to strengthen his country's international ties and open new markets.
No. 1 Tennessee Edges Temple, 52-48 (AP) AP - Shanna Zolman scored five of her 10 points in the final minutes and Shyra Ely made two free throws with 11.9 seconds left, helping top-ranked Tennessee beat Temple 52-48 Sunday.
Eagles Clinch N.F.C. East Title Brian Westbrook scored two touchdowns and the Eagles' defense made life miserable for Eli Manning and frustrating for Barrett Green.
Bid builds to delay Iraq vote Violence and a lack of preparedness spur calls to postpone the Jan. 30 election.
US smooths way in Fallujah for Muslim relief agency The fluid security environment has convinced the Red Crescent that it must coordinate its relief efforts with US forces.
Religious Leaders Clash on 'Meet the Press' Four religious leaders illustrated in a TV appearance today just how passionate and difficult such dialogues can be.
Anti-terrorism, security issues likely to be key agenda items in Bush visit (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - OTTAWA (CP) - For George W. Bush, who has defined his presidency in terms of fighting terror, national security is a must which trumps almost all other issues.
Juventus denied by Inter fightback Juventus blew a two goal lead in the second half to be held to a 2-2 draw Inter Milan in the San Siro on Sunday. Ironically, Inter #39;s heroics helped arch-rivals and Serie A champions AC 
Liga Wrap: Barca Storm Nine Points Clear Barcelona opened up a nine-point lead at the top of La Liga on Saturday night with a 2-1 win at Getafe. Rafael Marquez and Deco scored early on to give the Catalan giants a two-goal lead after just 22 minutes.
Efforts to remove fear of China among Asean Even as smaller countries of the 10-member Asean grouping have expressed reservations about the proposed Free Trade Area (FTA) with China as it will put them at a great disadvantage, efforts are on to remove their misgivings.
Swiss Voters Endorse Limits on Stem Cell Research Swiss voters endorsed restrictive legislation on stem cell research Sunday that forbids the cloning of human embryos and put Switzerland on a par with some other continental European countries.
Earthquake hits Japan northern island A strong earthquake with a preliminary magnitude of 7.1 has hit a wide area of Japan #39;s northern most main island of Hokkaido. Public broadcaster NHK says several people, including an elderly woman and a 13 
Bengals Top Browns in Near-Record Shootout (AP) AP - Kelly Holcomb threw for 400 yards and five touchdowns  #151; and lost. Cincinnati and Cleveland played the most remarkable game in their intrastate rivalry Sunday, a wacky 58-48 Bengals victory that turned into the second-highest scoring game in NFL history.
ASEAN links push free trade VIENTIANE, Laos: China and the Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN) are expected to make substantial progress in advancing the free trade area (FTA) at their summit to be held here today.
Jordans King strips his half-brother of royal title King Abdullah of Jordan has stripped his half-brother and heir apparent of his title as crown prince on Sunday. King Abdullah announced at the state television on Sunday that the move was aimed at allowing 
Syracuse Slams the Door on B.C.'s Big East Finale The floundering Orange were supposed to roll over Saturday, allowing Boston College to earn its first spot in a B.C.S. game.
Iowa State Misses a Chance To Play for the Big 12 Title Gerald Riggs ran 12 yards for a touchdown with 38 seconds remaining and No. 15 Tennessee defeated Kentucky, 37-31, Saturday.
Ebersol Survives Crash NBC Sports Chairman Dick Ebersol survives a plane crash in southwestern Colorado on Sunday.
New Pokemon For Cube November 26, 2004 - Pokemon Colosseum and Pokemon Channel may already be making many a GameCube-owning Poke-fan happy, but Pokemon isn #39;t done with GameCube yet.
American wins super-G AMERICAN Bode Miller won a men #39;s World Cup super-G here today, capturing his second race in as many days and his third in three starts so far this season.
NFL: Philadelphia 27, NY Giants 6 The Philadelphia Eagles clinched their fourth straight NFL East title Sunday with a 27-6 win over the New York Giants. Donovan McNabb passed for 244 yards and a touchdown and ran for another score for Philadelphia, 10-1.
Swiss voters approve stem cell research using human embryos GENEVA (AFP) - Two-thirds of Swiss voters approved a new law that allows medical research on stem cells taken from human embryos but bars cloning, official results from a referendum showed.
Sarkozy charts course as new party leader PARIS In a move that could change the face of French politics, Nicolas Sarkozy, the popular finance minister whose personal and ideological differences with President Jacques Chirac are well known, took over the helm of the governing center-right party on 
Briefs: Dexia drops Sanpaolo talks Dexia said Sunday that it had decided to formally terminate its plans to form an alliance with the Italian bank Sanpaolo IMI. The board of the French-Belgian bank  quot;has noted unanimously that the conditions 
Clippers Defeat Warriors, 103-91 (AP) AP - Elton Brand scored six of his 25 points in the final four minutes and finished with 13 rebounds, leading the Los Angeles Clippers to a 103-91 victory over the Golden State Warriors on Sunday.
Summary Box: Iran Vows to Stop Enrichment (AP) AP - THE NEWS: Iran agreed Sunday not to test any centrifuges as part of a total suspension of nuclear activities that can yield uranium for atomic weapons.
No. 23 La. Tech Defeats Ark. St., 67-50 (AP) AP - Shan Moore had 14 points and eight rebounds to help No. 23 Louisiana Tech beat Arkansas State 67-50 on Sunday.
Pakistan's Musharraf takes in Rio's sites in historic trip (AFP) AFP - Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf visited tourist spots here before heading to the capital Brasilia for talks with President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva in the first trip to Latin America by a Pakistani leader.
Carsley rescues point for Everton against Newcastle Lee Carsley #39;s curling free-kick earned high-flying Everton a point in manager David Moyes #39; 100th Premiership game. Craig Bellamy burst through to make it 1-0 before Jermaine Jenas #39; volley hit the bar and Alan 
Real Madrid Wins in Spain; Juventus Draws in Italy (Update1) Brazilian striker Ronaldo scored twice as Real Madrid, winless in its previous two games, beat Levante 5-0 in Spain. AC Milan gained ground in Italy after leader Juventus blew a late 
USC routs Notre Dame; BC and Iowa State blow chances Saturday BRISTOL, Connecticut (Ticker) - Two years ago, Carson Palmer won the Heisman Trophy after a fantastic outing against Notre Dame. Matt Leinart may have earned himself the same piece of hardware after his performance Saturday.
Spain: Real Madrid crush Levante Ronaldo scored twice as Real Madrid ended a two-game winless slide with a 5-0 Spanish league victory over seventh-placed Levante at the Santiago Bernabeu on Sunday.
Swiss approve stem-cell research law GENEVA Swiss voters have backed a law allowing stem-cell research in the first national referendum on an issue that has divided both the European Union and the United States.
Magnitude 4.6 Quake Jolts Japan #39;s Northern Island of Hokkaido An earthquake with a preliminary magnitude of 7 hit Japan #39;s northern island of Hokkaido early this morning, causing injuries and triggering a tsunami warning.
Kazaa offers unlimited free Internet calls Sharman Networks Ltd., distributor of the Kazaa file-sharing software, has launched its latest version which enables users to make free online calls anywhere in the world.
Bus reaches century mark again in Staley #39;s absence Pittsburgh, PA (Sports Network) - Pittsburgh Steelers running back Duce Staley missed his fourth straight game Sunday with a bruised hamstring, but Jerome  quot;The Bus quot; Bettis ran for 100 yards and a score in Pittsburgh #39;s 16-7 victory over Washington.
Economical Agenda Boastful Brown may yet come unstuck WHEN Gordon Brown gets to his feet in the Commons this Thursday to deliver his Pre-Budget Report, the nation can look forward to a stream of boasting over Britains economic performance.
Mellor the hero for Liverpool THERE WERE THREE WONDERFUL goals at Anfield yesterday, but only one was a winner. Few were predicting that it would come from Liverpool and no one but his closest relatives (and even they 
Everton spirit earns a point A CENTURY REACHED IN THE style of Michael Atherton; cussed, scruffy, with a minimum of graceful shots, blessed by good fortune, bloody-minded and bloody impressive.
Ronaldo leads Real in rout Madrid, Spain (Sports Network) - Real Madrid #39;s  #39;galacticos #39; dominated Sunday at the Bernabeu in a 5-0 demolition of Levante.
Shorthanded Clippers fight off Warriors LOS ANGELES (Ticker) -- Even without leading scorer Corey Maggette, the Los Angeles Clippers were able to complete a sweep. Elton Brand scored 25 points and Bobby Simmons added 22 to lift the Clippers to a 
Hughes brews a little magic against Raptors CBC SPORTS ONLINE - No matter how hard the Toronto Raptors fought or well they shot, the Washington Wizards always found a way to rally back.
GOLDBERG ON FOOTBALL: Are the Eagles good, or is everyone else bad &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The Philadelphia Eagles clinched the NFC East again. Big deal. They did that before the season started. The Eagles have played four games in the division and have outscored the Redskins, Cowboys and Giants by a combined 135-50.
ARCHBISHOPS CALL TO END GAY SLURS The Archbishop of Canterbury has written to conservatives in the Anglican Communion, asking them to refrain from using hostile words about homosexuals.
Eagles Continue to Dominate NFC East (AP) AP - The Philadelphia Eagles clinched the NFC East again. Big deal  #151; they did that before the season started.
On a Day of Relative Calm in Iraq, Debate on Election Delay Continues Iraqi political figures continued on Sunday to react to a movement by Sunni Arabs to delay elections by six months.
Plane Carrying NBC President Ebersol Crashes in Colorado N.B.C. Sports Chairman and President Dick Ebersol survived a charter plane crash that killed at least two people, NBC said in a statement.
Insurance chief says she #39;s heard no complaints in wake of scandal HARTFORD, Conn. -- Despite charges of bid-rigging and conflicts of interest against the insurance industry, Connecticut insurance Commissioner Susan F. Cogswell said she has not found corruption in Connecticut.
American Miller wins men #39;s World Cup giant-slalom ski competition LAKE LOUISE, Alta. (CP) - American Bode Miller won his first World Cup super-giant slalom race Sunday, giving him his third consecutive victory of the season and moving him into an exclusive club.
James Becomes Youngest to Score 2,000 LeBron James scored 26 points to become the youngest player in NBA history to reach 2,000 in a career, leading the Cleveland Cavaliers to a 96-74 victory over the Chicago Bulls on Saturday night.
Capello scolds Juve, Mancini takes hope Juventus coach Fabio Capello scolded his side for easing off and allowing rivals Inter Milan two late goals which gave them a 2-2 draw at the San Siro on Sunday.
UPDATE 2-Real crush Levante with second half goal salvo Real Madrid gave a stunning exhibition of finishing power to crush Levante 5-0 at the Bernabeu in the Primera Liga on Sunday. The home side had struggled to impose 
Barca on Cloud Nine Barcelona powered nine points clear at the top of the Primera Liga with a 2-1 win at Getafe. The damage was done early on with Rafael Marquez and Deco firing home goals in quick succession to give Barca a 2-0 lead by the 22nd minute.
Clippers 103 Warriors 91 LOS ANGELES The Los Angeles Clippers are assured of finishing November with a winning record for the first time since 1992. They #39;re 8-and-6 with one game left this month after beating Golden State 103-to-91.
Wade Boggs Leads Hall of Fame Candidates (AP) AP - Wade Boggs might have to get used to a new routine Tuesday: life as a Hall of Famer. The five-time AL batting champion, known for his array of pre- and postgame rituals, is the top newcomer on the Baseball Writers' Association of America ballot, joining holdovers Ryne Sandberg and Bruce Sutter.
US, European Officials Await Decision on Iranian Nuclear Program The International Atomic Energy Agency could act to resolve a dispute over Iran #39;s nuclear program Monday. European negotiators and Tehran have been working behind closed doors to strike a deal.
Minn. to Play in Music City Bowl in Tenn. (AP) AP - Minnesota will play in the Music City Bowl on Dec. 31, the Golden Gophers' third straight postseason appearance.
Clippers Climb in West Elton Brand scores 25 points to lift the Clippers over the Warriors, 103-91, and can finish November with a winning record for just the second time in 30 years.
Weak dollar leaves central banks in a bind The story of the last week has been the fall and fall of the dollar with the currency touching daily record lows against the euro.
No travel problems reported during Turnpike strike PHILADELPHIA - Pennsylvania Turnpike officials reported no significant backups at toll plazas on Sunday, one of the busiest travel days of the year, despite the absence of hundreds of unionized toll collectors who have been on strike since Wednesday.
Overseas Investors May Purchase \$15 Billion of China #39;s Bad Debt International investors may buy as much as \$15 billion in bad loans in China in the next three years, said PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, the world #39;s third-biggest accounting firm.
Canada Post says possible strike won #39;t stop holiday mail OTTAWA - Canada Post is promising that holiday mail will move as usual whether or not their is a mail strike. The post office is reassuring Canadians their Christmas mail won #39;t be affected if administrative, clerical and technical workers go on strike.
New Airbus craft to heat up rivalry The announcement of its new mid-sized plane will heat up rivalry between Airbus and Boeing. The board of EADS, parent company of Airbus, is on Monday expected to approve plans for the long-awaited, \$4bn-launch of a new mid-sized aircraft, the A350.
Notre Dame Accepts Insight Bowl Invite Notre Dame Accepts Invitation to Play in Insight Bowl in Arizona Against Pac-10 Team on Dec. 28. Notre Dame #39;s quarterback Brady Quinn gets a pass off under pressure from Southern California #39;s Mike Patterson 
Brees, big-play Chargers too much for Chiefs Strip away the great plays and the wild action and San Diego #39;s 34-31 victory over Kansas City is reduced to a simple fact: big plays.
Randle El, Bettis, lead Steelers to 16-7 win over struggling &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The Washington Redskins only wish they were getting as much offence from their starters as the streaking Pittsburgh Steelers are from their backups.
Panthers beat Buccaneers Martin Gramatica lined up for the go-ahead field goal and the Carolina Panthers assumed they would have to come from behind to beat Tampa Bay.
Cards vs. Jets quarter-by-quarter Carter returned, but it was running back Curtis Martin and the offensive line that put the Jets ahead. Martin rushed for all but 10 yards of a 45-yard drive that stalled at the Cardinals 10.
Governing party leads in Romania Romania #39;s former communists looked likely to retain power last night when exit polls put them comfortably ahead in elections for both parliament and president.
King Hussein #39;s favoured son loses claim to Jordan #39;s throne The King of Jordan announced an abrupt change to his succession plans yesterday, stripping his half-brother, Hamza bin Hussein, of the title crown prince.
Ono eyes Iraq exit in December 2005 Defense Agency chief Yoshinori Ono raised the possibility Sunday that the Self-Defense Forces #39; mission in Iraq will end in late 2005.
Broncos Face Tough Rematch With Colts (AP) AP - The point spread  #151; "Indianapolis -10"  #151; pretty much says it all.
Flying right The Boeing Co. will face competition to supply tankers to the Air Force, which could be good for the company. Most certainly, US taxpayers should win from having a deal decided competitively rather than through 
China ZTE Expects Sales Abroad To Bring 40 Rev In 2006 HONG KONG (Dow Jones)--China #39;s No. 2 telecom equipment maker ZTE Corp. (0763.HK) said Sunday it expects overseas sales to rise to contribute around 40 of its total revenue in 2006, compared with 13.4 posted in the first half of 2004.
Fratello: No Deal Yet to Coach Grizzlies (AP) AP - Mike Fratello had "a nice conversation" with the Memphis Grizzlies about the team's vacant coaching position, but said no deal was in place for him to take over the club Sunday.
Kazaa file-swapping trial begins Lawyers for Australia #39;s recording industry were launching a trial Monday against the owners of the popular file-swapping network Kazaa -- in the latest battle between copyright holders and computer users accused of music piracy.
Moon gas could power your home: scientists The same gas used to blow up balloons could be mined from the Moon #39;s surface and transported to Earth to meet future energy demands, say US scientists.
Liga Sunday Wrap: Madrid Answer The Critics Real Madrid ended talk of a crisis at the club as they thumped Levante 5-0 in the Bernabeu and Valencia moved back into the Champions League places with a 2-0 win over Mallorca.
Carsley equaliser frustrates Newcastle NEWCASTLE (AFP) - Everton underlined their re-emergence as an English Premiership force after Lee Carsley struck a stunning equaliser to earn a 1-1 draw at Newcastle United.
Insight Bowl hoping for Notre Dame LOS ANGELES - Notre Dame #39;s 41-10 loss to Southern California Saturday night all but clinched an Insight Bowl berth for the Fighting Irish.
Eagles win 4th straight NFC East title EAST RUTHERFORD, New Jersey (Ticker) -- Brian Westbrook and the Philadelphia Eagles had no problem running to another division title.
Calls for Iraq Poll Delay Fuel Tension Iraq #39;s main Shi #39;ite parties insisted on Saturday that elections should go ahead on Jan. 30 as planned, rejecting mounting calls from Sunni and secular politicians 
Rescuers try to save whales after 80 die in mass stranding off &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; SYDNEY : Rescue teams struggled Monday to prevent a pod of about 20 whales beaching in an area off Australia #39;s south coast where 80 whales and dolphins died after stranding themselves at the weekend.
Freed UN workers head home Two UN workers who spent nearly a month in the hands of Afghan kidnappers left Kabul on Sunday as relatives and friends awaited their arrivals in Northern Ireland and Kosovo.
Eighty Whales, Dolphins Die on Australian Island (Reuters) Reuters - At least 80 whales and dolphins have\died after beaching themselves on a remote island between the\Australian mainland and the country's island state of Tasmania.
Strong Quake Hits Japan's Hokkaido, 11 Hurt (Reuters) Reuters - A strong earthquake with a preliminary\magnitude of 7.1 hit a wide area of Japan's northernmost main\island of Hokkaido early on Monday, the Japan Meteorological\Agency said.
Romanian Ruling Party's Hold on Power Dented (Reuters) Reuters - Romania's ruling Social Democrats\(PSD) face a struggle to cobble together a majority coalition\to push through reforms for EU entry after their hold on power\was dented in general elections.
Jordan's King Strips Half Brother's Title (AP) AP - King Abdullah II stripped his half brother and heir apparent of his title as crown prince in an abrupt shake-up Sunday aimed at redeeming the full power the king inherited from his late father.
Land Mines Remain a Danger to Ethiopians (AP) AP - Aberhet Amha was an aspiring runner, winning medals for her school and dreaming of adding her name to the long list of great Ethiopian Olympic athletes. But just before her 12th birthday, Aberhet stepped on a land mine.
Dexia Ends Talks With Sanpaolo IMI on Partnership (Update2) Dexia SA, Belgium #39;s second-largest financial-services company, terminated talks with Italy #39;s Sanpaolo IMI SpA on a possible partnership, saying the conditions are no longer right.
Minnesota will play Music City Bowl Minnesota will play in the Music City Bowl on Dec. 31, the Golden Gophers #39; third straight postseason appearance. Minnesota will play a Southeastern Conference opponent still to be determined in Nashville, Tenn.
Iran agrees to full uranium enrichment freeze, diplomats say Just a day before an international deadline, Iran agreed Sunday not to test any centrifuges as part of a total suspension of nuclear activities that can yield uranium for atomic weapons.
Injured Carter Leads Jets to Victory Quincy Carter left with a head injury after the third play of the game, but returned to deliver the knockout blow, a 69-yard touchdown pass to Santana Moss.
Southern Cal Stumps Hard for Heisman and Ranking If Matt Leinart and undefeated U.S.C. it can defeat U.C.L.A. on Saturday, it will play in the Orange Bowl for the Bowl Championship Series title.
Selig Approves Johnson Trade to Yankees (AP) AP - Randy Johnson moved a step closer to joining the Yankees when commissioner Bud Selig approved a proposed trade between Arizona and New York, The Associated Press learned Monday.
Nun likes eating with Stewart ALDERSON, W.VA. - The food at the Federal Correctons Camp is nothing to write home about - unless one is eating it with Martha Stewart.
NFL Wrap: McNabb Leads Eagles to 4th Straight East Title (Reuters) Reuters - Donovan McNabb passed for one\touchdown and rushed for another as the Philadelphia Eagles won\their fourth straight division title with a 27-6 win over the
Poutiainen wins again in Aspen Finland #39;s Tanja Poutiainen won for the second time in three races at Aspen Mountain, beating Italy #39;s Manuela Moelgg by more than a second in a World Cup slalom on Sunday.
Lonard wins with a birdie barrage So it is no more than apt that Peter Lonard should yesterday add to the tradition in the 100th staging of Australia #39;s oldest and greatest golf championship.
Sunday #39;s NFL Capsules Philadelphia won a fourth consecutive NFC East title as Brian Westbrook scored two touchdowns Sunday and the Eagles #39; defense made life miserable for Eli Manning in a 27-6 victory over New York.
Mosul #39;s militants fight mostly from shadows These days, the violence in Iraq #39;s third-largest city is more like The Sopranos than Black Hawk Down. By Jim Macmillan, AP. About 40 dead bodies turned up across Mosul last week.
Jordan #39;s king strips half brother #39;s title King Abdullah II stripped his half brother and heir apparent of his title as crown prince in an abrupt shake-up Sunday aimed at redeeming the full power the king inherited from his late father.
Iran Says It Will Stop Uranium Enrichment (AP) AP - Just a day before an international deadline, Iran agreed Sunday not to test any centrifuges as part of a total suspension of nuclear activities that can yield uranium for atomic weapons. Diplomats described the about-face as an effort to avoid possible U.N. sanctions.
Villanova Defeats Texas Arlington, 59-53 (AP) AP - Jackie Adamshick scored a game-high 25 points to lead No. 24 Villanova past Texas-Arlington 59-53 Sunday in the consolation game of the Lady Rebel Shootout.
Notre Dame Accepts Insight Bowl Invite Notre Dame accepted an invitation Sunday to play in the Insight Bowl in Phoenix against a Pac-10 team on Dec. 28.
McGahee Scores Four Willis McGahee runs for 116 yards and four touchdowns as the Bills hand Seattle's Mike Holmgren his worst defeat with the Seahawks, 38-9.
Vick Rallies Falcons Michael Vick throws a 27-yard scoring pass to Alge Crumpler with 1:22 remaining to finish Atlanta's rally with a 24-21 triumph over the Saints.
Fratello: No Deal Yet to Coach Grizzlies Mike Fratello had "a nice conversation" with the Memphis Grizzlies about the team's vacant coaching position, but said no deal was in place for him to take over the club Sunday.
Liverpool kid Mellor stuns Arsenal Neil Mellor lived up to his burgeoning reputation with the winner for Liverpool in last night #39;s dramatic 2-1 win over Arsenal.
NFL Wrap: McNabb Leads Eagles to 4th Straight East Title Donovan McNabb passed for one touchdown and rushed for another as the Philadelphia Eagles won their fourth straight division title with a 27-6 win over the New York Giants in the NFL on Sunday.
Bills 38 Seahawks 9 SEATTLE Willis McGahee had 116 yards rushing and four touchdowns as Buffalo skipped past Seattle 38-to-9. Drew Bledsoe offset his three interceptions by completing two-thirds of his passes for 275 yards and a touchdown.
Abbas Wins Backing of Brigades GAZA CITY, 29 November 2004 - Palestine Liberation Organization chief Mahmoud Abbas won the endorsement of one of the main Palestinian armed factions yesterday before pledging to stop anyone but the official security forces from carrying weapons.
Bush urges Sinn Fein leader to help move peace process ahead in &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; WHITE HOUSE President Bush is urging Sinn Fein (shin fayn) leader Gerry Adams to help speed up the peace process in Northern Ireland.
Up to 80 whales, dolphins die on Australia #39;s southeast coast Up to 80 pilot whales and bottle nose dolphins died after a mass stranding on King Island off Tasmania, Australia. The number of dead mammals is lower than that in earlier 
Mandelson denies discussing coup plot Peter Mandelson yesterday denied being involved in discussions over the alleged coup plot in Equatorial Guinea as the Conservatives began to put pressure on the government over what it knew and when.
Magnitude 7.1 quake hits Hokkaido, some injuries reported A strong earthquake with a preliminary magnitude of 7.1 hit eastern Hokkaido early Monday, injuring several people. Ten people were reported to be injured in the quake, according to local authorities.
'New Beginning' Needed The Maryland football coaching staff enters the offseason ready to reexamine everything from practice philosophy to its own performance.
Shopping With Spree Here's a reader-friendly, quickie version of today's column -- for those of you who can't spare the full 2 1/2 minutes it takes to wander through the entire, labored effort -- about all things NBA other than &lt;em&gt;L'affaire du Artest et Les Spectateurs&lt;/em&gt;:
UAE Hopes to Cash in on Outsourcing Rush (Reuters) Reuters - After years of paying the price of petty\corruption, unreliable infrastructure and laws that allow for\high staff turnover, outsourcing firm Netlink is planning to\buck a trend by moving from India to the United Arab Emirates.
Financial World Focuses on Next Fed Chief (AP) AP - While President Bush is busy putting together his Cabinet for a second term, the financial world's attention is on a job vacancy 14 months away: Who will succeed Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan?
Where Was Portis? Let #39;s see the Fantasy League expert who had Clinton Portis being relegated to an afterthought while foreseeing Jerome Bettis carrying the Steelers to the team #39;s longest winning streak since 1976.
Sox named Sportsmen of Year by SI com. After vanquishing a so-called curse to win the World Series, the Red Sox don #39;t figure to have any problems with the fabled Sports Illustrated cover jinx.
Archbishop #39;s bid to heal rift Traditionalists and gay Christians are cautious over a call for unity by the Archbishop of Canterbury amid the row about homosexual clergy.
Powerful quake rocks northern Japan, injuring 13 TOKYO (AFP) - A powerful earthquake measuring 7.1 on the Richter scale rocked the northern Japanese island of Hokkaid, injuring 13 people, the Meteorological Agency and police said.
UCLA Rallies to Beat No. 4 Texas, 63-60 (AP) AP - Noelle Quinn scored the go-ahead basket with 16.7 seconds remaining and finished with 27 points, helping UCLA rally from an early 17-point deficit and beat fourth-ranked Texas 63-60 on Sunday.
China mine blast rescue stalled Carbon monoxide prevents rescuers from reaching 141 men trapped after a deadly mine blast in central China.
Australian teenage drinking scare A national survey in Australia shows worrying levels of alcohol consumption among the country's teenagers.
Distributed XPCOM - A Mozilla Remote Scripting Framework?  \\A little history here.  Microsoft first invented COM  as a cross-language\object model.  This was a precursor in some ways to .NET and still has a great\deal of valuable functionality.\\Its pretty simple.  You just define an IDL (interface definition language) and\then if you have a runtime or compiler that supports COM you can call functions\on an object (component) written in another language.\\Mozilla XPCOM (Cross Platform COM) is similar in goals. You can write a\component in C and then call its functions from Javascript.  It also works the\other way around but isn't used as much.\\This makes Mozilla a very powerful platform.  You can write a XUL extension and\then use the internal com ...\\
Philippines willing to negotiate with kidnappers in Iraq (AFP) AFP - The Philippine government is willing to negotiate with the kidnappers of a Filipino accountant being held captive in Iraq.
Brown to abandon fuel duty increase Gordon Brown will scrap this year #39;s planned increase in fuel duties this week as part of a heavily political package of measures designed to win back Labour #39;s lost supporters in middle Britain.
IT Vendors Release Royalty-Free Software For Messaging Fujitsu Limited and NEC Corporation has jointly developed a messaging software that implements the Web Services Reliability (WS-Reliability) standard and will be releasing it as an open source.
Lakers' Buss Wants to Make Up With O'Neal (AP) AP - Hey, Shaq, Jerry Buss wants to be buddies again.
Red Sox Grab SI's Sportsman of the Year Honor (Reuters) Reuters - The Boston Red Sox, who ended\an 86-year-old "curse" by winning the World Series in a\four-game sweep of the St. Louis Cardinals, have been named\Sports Illustrated's 2004 Sportsmen of the Year.
Strong quake hits north Japan, injuring 13 A strong earthquake with a preliminary magnitude of 7.1 rocked eastern areas of Hokkaido, Japan #39;s northernmost main island, early Monday, injuring at least 13 people.
Iraqis want elections delayed BAGHDAD, Iraq -- Seventeen Iraqi political parties demanded postponement of the Jan. 30 elections for at least six months until the government is capable of securing polling places.
Laos hosts annual Asean meeting The heads of state of 10 South East Asian countries are meeting in Laos #39; capital Vientiane for the annual summit of regional grouping Asean.
Britain  #39;did not disclose warning of coup plot #39; The British Government was told of an alleged plot to overthrow Equatorial Guinea #39;s government months in advance, it was reported yesterday.
Memphis to Accept GMAC Bowl Invitation (AP) AP - Memphis will accept an invitation to play in the GMAC Bowl in Mobile, Ala., on Dec. 22.
A Flagship Adrift in the Airwaves In its 35th season, ABC's "Monday Night Football" is still trying to regain some of its old uniqueness.
NASA sending hammer to space You can learn something about a rock by looking at it. But what most geologists really want is to smack it with a hammer. And that #39;s just what planetary scientists will do July 4 when NASA #39;s Deep Impact mission 
Sony, Nintendo go head to head with Christmas games The holiday shopping season is set to be a shoot- #39;em-up round in the video game industry, as its top players Nintendo and Sony go head to head by launching new and advanced hand held machines.
Couples tops \$3 million mark at Skins Game With his birdie on the 10th hole to begin day two of the Merrill Lynch Skins Game, Fred Couples earned eight skins and \$300,000 to move over the \$3-million mark in career earnings at the tournament.
Young gun shoots down Arsenal It was a shot that rang out around the Premiership, delighting Liverpool, Chelsea and Manchester United, and darkening the gloomy mood of the champions, Arsenal.
Lonard is the Australian Open champion again The relentless Peter Lonard today outlasted a battle weary field at the 2004 Hillross Australian Open, to win his second consecutive Australian Open Championship.
Chiefs Lose Again 34-31 to Chargers You have to give the fans who attended the Chiefs game Sunday afternoon a lot of credit. Despite a less than full house of about 60,000 die-hard fans, they watched San Diego waltz into Arrowhead and pull out a 34-31 victory.
Southern Cal Embraces Boy Battling Cancer (AP) AP - Win or lose in the Orange Bowl, Southern California will always be No. 1 to Ryan Davidson.
Sharon, Abbas say they are willing to meet Ahead of an expected meeting between both sides #39; foreign ministers in The Hague, Sharon told Newsweek magazine that he was ready to meet with the post-Yasser Arafat leadership whenever they wanted.
Poll predictions have ruling party ahead in Romania BUCHAREST: Romania #39;s ruling Social Democrats have emerged ahead in a general election but may be deprived of a clear majority needed to keep the Balkan country on track towards the European Union, exit polls showed.
Swiss Voters Accept Stem Cell Research Law GENEVA - Swiss voters overwhelmingly approved a law allowing stem cell research Sunday, rejecting a hard-line campaign that compared researchers to the Nazis #39;  quot;angel of death, quot; Dr.
Political split over date threatens Iraq elections An escalating political rift among Iraq #39;s main religious groups and continued violence throughout the country are threatening parliamentary elections set for January.
When to meddle Thaksin Shinawatra, Thailand #39;s temperamental prime minister, is so annoyed by criticism of the violence in southern Thailand that he threatened last week to walk out of today #39;s south-east Asian summit if the subject was even raised.
Iraq vote date maintained despite deadly violence BAGHDAD (AFP) - Iraq #39;s landmark January polls looked set to take place as planned although the violence that prompted delay calls remained rife, as an anti-rebel sweep south of Baghdad claimed its first victims and five US troops died in western Iraq.
Olympic prize in bid battle for WMC As Swiss-based miner Xstrata pushes ahead with its A\$7.4bn (US\$5.8bn) hostile takeover bid for WMC Resources, debate over the deal has narrowed to one key issue - the potential of the Australian miner #39;s giant Olympic Dam project.
NASA To Slam  #39;Hammer #39; into Comet Tempel 1 The high-speed impact will wallop the pickle-shaped comet Tempel 1 with energy equivalent to 4.8 tons of TNT, said Michael A #39;Hearn, another university astronomer and principal investigator on the \$311 million mission.
Novo #39;s double takes Rangers top of the tree A hugely entertaining game between Scotland #39;s two victorious UEFA Cup sides saw Rangers edge ahead in the Scottish Premier League title race for the first time since October 2003, in a match 
Iran abandons centrifuge demands Iran has abandoned its demand to be allowed to continue some of its controversial nuclear activities, the BBC reported Sunday. UN nuclear watchdog International Atomic Energy 
About 100 beached whales and dolphins have died on Australian &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; HOBART, Australia Wildlife officers are trying to save about 50 whales and dolphins near the coast of a southern Australian island.
Markdowns, and Shoppers, Are Out Early This Season The National Retail Federation, a trade group in Washington, estimated that the Thanksgiving weekend accounted for \$22.8 billion in sales.
Drug Testing Doesn't Always Tell the Whole Story Academic institutions and researchers are widely viewed as impartial actors in drug trials. But that independence often comes with strings attached.
Australia music industry decries Kazaa Lawyers for Australia #39;s recording industry branded the popular Kazaa file-swapping network  quot;an engine of copyright piracy to a degree of magnitude never before seen quot; as 
No. 11 N.C. Trounces Southern Cal, 97-65 (AP) AP - Playing their fifth game in eight days, 11th-ranked North Carolina got 23 points from Jawad Williams and another 17 from Sean May to beat Southern California 97-65 Sunday night.
Australia Music Industry Decries Kazaa (AP) AP - Lawyers for Australia's recording industry branded the popular Kazaa file-swapping network "an engine of copyright piracy to a degree of magnitude never before seen" as they launched a court battle to shut down Kazaa's illegal activities.
Kazaa accused of creating global music piracy system The producers of a popular file sharing program have created the biggest system of Internet music piracy ever seen, the Federal Court in Sydney has been told.
U.S. Opposes Passport Privacy Protections (AP) AP - The Bush administration opposed security measures for new microchip-equipped passports that privacy advocates contended were needed to prevent identity theft, government snooping or a terror attack, according to State Department documents released Friday.
Celtics fall to Heat on Pierce #39;s late miss MIAMI (Ticker) -- Paul Pierce #39;s first miss from the line came at the wrong time for the Boston Celtics. Pierce, who had made his first eight free throws, split a pair of attempts with a chance to tie the game 
Two Metre Gash Found on Tanker in Delaware River US Coast Guard Divers have found a two-metre gash on the tanker in the Delaware River. The spill leaked over 100-thousand litres of crude oil and has created a 32-kilometre long slick.
No. 4 Texas Defeated by UCLA Noelle Quinn scored the go-ahead basket with 16.7 seconds remaining and finished with 27 points yesterday, helping host UCLA rally from an early 17-point deficit and beat fourth-ranked Texas, 63-60.
Anglican Leader Warns Churches on Gay Hate Message (Reuters) Reuters - Anglican Church head Rowan Williams has\warned church leaders that criticism of gay people could make\them vulnerable to persecution or suicide.
Product Review: MSN's WebTV Grows Up (AP) AP - During the dot-com boom, people who didn't want to miss out on the Web and e-mail craze but didn't want to buy a real computer could get WebTV, which delivered the Internet through the warm, friendly glow of their TV sets.
Sharon says he is ready to work with Arafat #39;s successor Ariel Sharon said yesterday that he would end his boycott of the Palestinian leadership and begin a new era of working with Yasser Arafat #39;s successors.
Paisley  #39;on verge of pact with Sinn Fein #39; Ian Paisley is almost certain to sign a historic agreement that would see his Democratic Unionists sharing power in Ulster with Sinn Fein.
Jordan #39;s crown prince is dismissed Jordan #39;s Hashemite royal family was thrown into turmoil last night when King Abdullah abruptly dismissed his half-brother, Prince Hamzeh, as Crown Prince and heir apparent.
Williams calls for healing in gay rift The Archbishop of Canterbury, Dr Rowan Williams, yesterday pleaded with both sides in the war over homosexuality to repent for bringing the worldwide Church to the brink of schism.
Soldier Kills 7 Colleagues in Kashmir SRINAGAR, 29 November 2004 - In the worst incident of its kind in 15 years, an angry Indian paramilitary soldier gunned down seven of his colleagues and injured two others critically in north Kashmirs Baramulla town, 54 km from here, around midnight.
AFP Interview: Pakistan's Bhutto to end exile, win next election: Zardari (AFP) AFP - Former Pakistani prime minister Benazir Bhutto will end her exile and lead her party to victory in the next election, her husband Asif Ali Zardari said following his release from jail.
More whales dead and stranded off Australia's south coast (AFP) AFP - A second pod of 17 whales has died in a mysterious mass beaching on King Island in the Bass Strait off Australia's south coast following the fatal stranding of 80 whales and dolphins at the weekend.
Largest Quake in Weeks Hits Mt. St. Helens (AP) AP - A 3.1-magnitude earthquake shook the crater at Mount St. Helens on Saturday, the strongest quake at the volcano since mid-October.
Vikings Deny Jaguars For a change, the Vikings' defense produces a long touchdown as tackle Kevin Williams rumbles for a 77-yard touchdown after a fumble to beat the Jaguars, 27-16.
UCLA Rallies to Beat No. 4 Texas, 63-60 Noelle Quinn scored the go-ahead basket with 16.7 seconds remaining and finished with 27 points, helping UCLA rally from an early 17-point deficit and beat fourth-ranked Texas 63-60 on Sunday.
India plans major sale of oil exploration rights THE Indian government is to offer 20 oil and gas blocks for exploration to foreign and domestic firms from January. Oil minister Mani Shankar Aiyar said he was seeking bids  quot;with a view to bringing more areas 
Diouf fined for spitting at opponent London, England (Sports Network) - Bolton #39;s El-Hadji Diouf was fined the maximum of two weeks worth of wages for spitting on Portsmouth #39;s Arjan de Zeeuw during a Premier League match on Saturday.
Kallis defies India Jacques Kallis hit his first Test century against India as South Africa reached 227 for five on the first day of the second and final Test yesterday.
Coal mine explosion in central China kills 25, leaves 141 trapped? &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Rescuers were searching for 141 miners trapped in a coal mine in central China after a massive explosion tore through the shaft killing at least 25 others.
Sarkozy #39;s party In typical fashion, Nicolas Sarkozy yesterday organised a big welcome for himself as he was elected president of France #39;s ruling UMP party.
Pulling out - in Jerusalem, too On the Friday when the late Palestinian Authority chairman Yasser Arafat was buried in the courtyard of the Muqata, the media reported that because of the fear of riots, the Israeli government had decided to close the Temple Mount mosques to residents of 
Wal-Mart warning overshadows holiday sales figures United States shoppers have spent more on the first day of holiday shopping than they did a year ago but retailers #39; hopes for the key season were curbed as titan Wal-Mart cut its November sales forecast.
Late Inter strikes deny Juve Late goals from Christian Vieri and Adriano brought Inter from two down to grab a point with a 2-2 draw against leaders Juventus on Sunday.
Ellis says contract extension very, very close #39; #39; Defensive end Shaun Ellis and the New York Jets are  quot;real, real close quot; to an agreement on a contract extension. Ellis said Sunday that as far as he knew, there was no final agreement.
6-foot gash found in tanker that spilled oil into Delaware River Divers found a 6-foot-long gash in a Greek tanker that spilled 30,000 gallons of syrupy crude oil into the Delaware River three days ago, Coast Guard officials said Sunday.
Wall of Thick Smoke Slows Chinese Mine Rescue Rescuers battled thick smoke on Monday to free 141 Chinese miners trapped after a gas explosion in a coal mine in northern China that killed at least 25, state media reported.
SE Asian Leaders Meet on China Trade, Myanmar Southeast Asian leaders met on Monday to agree a landmark tariff-cutting deal with China, the first flesh on the bones of what will be the world #39;s largest free trade deal within a decade.
Sinn Fein Breaks New Ground over Power Sharing Sinn Fein leader Gerry Adams and former IRA commander Martin McGuinness will today talk face-to-face for the first time with a Northern Ireland Chief Constable.
Chiefs of states, premiers coming to Vientiane for ASEAN summit HANOI, November 28 (Itar-Tass) -- Chiefs of state and prime ministers are coming to Vientiane, Laos, for the tenth ASEAN summit due on November 29-30.
Landmine Conference opens in Kenya Kenyan President Mwai Kibaki opened an international landmine conference in Nairobi with a plea for countries to sign a treaty banning the bombs.
The Disco Ball of Failed Hopes and Other Tales From Inside Intel The legendary chipmaker has cancelled a succession of high-profile projects, replaced managers and fallen behind a key competitor.
Internet Access, Delivered From Above New systems deliver broadband Internet connections through fixed antennas without digging up streets to install cables.
A Sure-to-Be-Controversial Game Fulfills That Expectation Fully A video game, released last week with the 41st anniversary of President John F. Kennedy's assassination, invites competitors to get behind Lee Harvey Oswald's sniper rifle and recreate the event.
The Internets Retail Appeal With more people having high-speed connections at home, there will be less holiday shopping at work.
Mobile Carriers Move to Put Their Names on More Phones United States cellphone operators are flirting with selling handsets that feature their names exclusively.
Brown to Drive Home Economic Message Chancellor Gordon Brown was today preparing for this weeks vital Pre-Budget Report against a backdrop of dire warnings from business groups and economists 
Starting Wednesday, Hawaii by getting free copies of their. By Dave Segal. When it comes to credit reports, Wendy Burkholder has seen it all from customers who visit her at Consumer Credit Counseling Service of Hawaii.
McGahee #39;s four TDs lead Bills #39; rout of Seattle From the opening kickoff, it seemed all coach Mike Mularkey needed was to wind up the Buffalo Bills and watch them go. Actually, he encouraged them to wind down in Seattle.
More whales dead and stranded off Australia #39;s south coast HOBART : A second pod of 17 whales has died in a mysterious mass beaching on King Island in the Bass Strait off Australia #39;s south coast following the fatal stranding of 80 whales and dolphins at the weekend.
Anglican Leader Warns Churches on Gay Hate Message Anglican Church head Rowan Williams has warned church leaders that criticism of gay people could make them vulnerable to persecution or suicide.
A Toll on Palestinians, Israeli Army Encounters at manned military checkpoints exact a heavy toll on the neighboring societies, as evinced by accounts of guards working under dehumanizing conditions, and by reports of abuses committed against Palestinian civilians.
Old Divisions Resurface The Ukrainian presidential election and its aftermath have been marked by propaganda that is exposing old fractures in the former Soviet republic. Differences that are broadly defined by an east-west divide are bursting to the surface.
Colombian Rebels Sought Bush Assassination Colombia's main rebel group asked followers to mount an assassination attempt against President Bush during his visit to Colombia last week, Defense Minister Jorge Uribe said. There was no evidence Saturday that rebels even tried to organize such an attack.
Investors in Treasuries Grow More Bearish Before Jobs Report US Treasury note investors became more bearish last week on speculation a government report will show November employment improved enough to keep the Federal Reserve from slowing the pace of interest rate increases.
Rescuers Try to Save Oil-Soaked Birds After Tanker Spill in &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Ducks and geese coated in crude oil were carried to a national wildlife refuge yesterday by volunteers trying to save them from the largest oil spill on the Delaware River in nearly a decade.
Jet Carrying NBC Official Crashes in Colorado A charter jet carrying Dick Ebersol, the chairman of NBC Universal Sports, and five other people crashed, killing the pilot and co-pilot.
Update 1: Tokyo Stocks Rise; Dollar Up Vs. Yen, Euro Tokyo stocks advanced Monday morning as the US dollar strengthened against the Japanese yen and the Europe #39;s single currency. The Nikkei Stock Average of 225 issues gained 153.96 points, or 1.42 percent, to end morning trading at 10,987.71.
Oil Eases After Holiday, Wary of Winter (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. oil prices were slightly softer\on Monday after a four-day break, but the threat of a cold\winter stretching persistently low global heating oil\inventories kept the market within sight of  #36;50 a barrel.
Don #39;t let life fade to black The movie version of the popular children #39;s book, The Polar Express, steamed into theaters earlier this month, and kids are once again becoming entranced by the magic of the Arctic.
GOLF ROUNDUP: Sorenstam, Woods, Couples go for skins Fred Couples returns as defending champion and the most successful player in Skins Game history. Tiger Woods comes in as the most popular player in golf, and Adam Scott is the third man in the field because he won The Players Championship in March.
Strong Quake Hits Japan #39;s Hokkaido, 14 Hurt A strong earthquake with a preliminary magnitude of 7.1 hit a sparsely populated area of Japan #39;s northernmost main island of Hokkaido early on Monday, injuring at least 14 people.
Ukraine's Unity Is Under Threat by Vote Impasse As many as 3,500 officials voted to seek autonomy if the opposition continues to seek the presidency for Viktor A. Yushchenko.
From Turf to Team, Boise State Takes Unconventional Approach As Boise State has proved in finishing its regular season 11-0, its program has transcended a quirky marketing gimmick: the installation of its blue turf.
Wrecked Roads Blocking Aid Distribution U.N. relief officials warned Monday that people affected by the south Asia earthquake and tsunami may be dying of hunger and disease because wrecked roads and bad communications are blocking the distribution of supplies.
Group releases open-source Web services messaging app Three of Japan #39;s largest IT companies have developed an open-source implementation of a standard from OASIS to ensure reliable messaging between Web services applications.
Australia Sets New Zealand #39;s Cricketers 464 to Win Second Test Australia set New Zealand a victory target of 464 runs in the second and final cricket Test in Adelaide, declaring at 139-2 after lunch on the fourth day.
Steelers are built to win the hard way PITTSBURGH They have a rookie at quarterback and a 32-year-old plowhorse at running back, but the numbers insist we ought to be taking the Pittsburgh Steelers seriously as potential Super Bowl champions.
Fonterra says no need to raise National Foods bid SYDNEY, NOV 28: New Zealand dairy giant Fonterra said on Sunday it would only raise its A\$1.6 billion (\$1.3 billion) bid for Australias top milk producer, National Foods Ltd, in the unlikely event that a rival suitor emerged.
Oil Eases After Holiday, Wary of Winter US oil prices were slightly softer on Monday after a four-day break, but the threat of a cold winter stretching persistently low global heating oil inventories kept the market within sight of \$50 a barrel.
Report: Vegas Sands Names Macau Arm Chief US-based Las Vegas Sands Inc. has chosen the head of another casino company to oversee its operations in Macau, a Chinese gambling enclave that recently ended its casino monopoly, a newspaper reported Monday.
Wall of Smoke Stalls Chinese Rescue, Hope Fades (Reuters) Reuters - A wall of thick smoke blocked rescuers\on Monday from 141 Chinese miners trapped after a gas explosion\in a coal mine in northern China that killed at least 25, and\officials saw scant hope of finding more survivors.
Chile May Compensate Pinochet Victims (AP) AP - President Ricardo Lagos on Sunday said he planned to compensate thousands of people who were imprisoned and tortured under the regime of Gen. Augusto Pinochet.
Iraqi Leaders Warn Against Poll Postponement Baghdad, Nov. 29 (NNN) : Iraqs interim deputy prime minister has said that postponing the forthcoming Iraqi elections would be giving in to terrorism.
Bowl Schedule Confused U-Va.'s decision to decline any postseason bowl invitations that conflict with final exams is causing a headache for the ACC.
Shoppers arrive at stores before dawn to get jump on holiday gift &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; When the doors finally swung open at 6 am Friday, a cold Eric Tardy of Grand Rapids charged into the Wal-Mart store with a cheer. More than three hours of waiting in the 
Christmas Tree Farms in Fairfield County - Choose or Cut Your Own! The use of evergreens as a symbol and celebration of life during Winter Solstice celebrations started in ancient Roman and Egyptian times.
Hong Kong steps up war on crime Hong Kong will work closely with overseas jurisdictions to fight transnational organized crime, the China Daily reported Monday. Hong Kong #39;s Secretary for Justice Elsie Leung 
Atlanta comes back to beat NO ATLANTA - Say all you want about the Atlanta Falcons #39; tendency to take an offensive vacation in the third quarter and give opponents hope.
China to Control Power Plant Investments China will step up controls on investment in power plants, despite electricity shortages, to help ease pressure on coal supplies, state media reported Monday.
Dexia board rejects plan for Italian merger THE board of Dexia, the Franco-Belgian bank, yesterday unanimously rejected a proposed 37 billion (26 billion) merger with Italys Sanpaolo, bringing an end to what would have been Europes biggest cross-border bank deal.
US oil eases after holiday, wary of winter US oil prices were slightly softer on Monday after a four-day break, but the threat of a cold winter stretching persistently low global heating oil inventories kept the market within sight of \$50 a barrel.
China Internet Firms Seek New Sources of Revenue (Reuters) Reuters - China Internet media firms, which\struck gold with mobile phone messaging services last year, are\scrambling to diversify after a government clampdown on\sex-related material and a billing overhaul.
Australia Music Industry Decries Kazaa Lawyers for Australia #39;s recording industry branded the popular Kazaa file-swapping network  quot;an engine of copyright piracy to a degree of magnitude never before seen quot; as they launched a court battle to shut down Kazaa #39;s illegal 
Coal #39;s global goal THE DIRTY big secret about US energy production is that coal is about to play an even larger role. Already more than 50 percent of US electricity comes from plants burning coal, the fossil fuel that emits 
Go Ahead, Toss Out Your VCR Don #39;t you think it #39;s time to retire that VCR? You probably have a DVD player or two, so you already know videocassettes are fast becoming obsolete.
Soccer: Carsley equaliser frustrates Newcastle NEWCASTLE : Everton underlined their re-emergence as an English Premiership force after Lee Carsley struck a stunning equaliser to earn a 1-1 draw at Newcastle United.
Five-star Madrid back up to second Real Madrid moved back up to second in the Primera Liga with a 5-0 rout of Levante at the Bernabeu on Sunday. Although Madrid struggled to get going, a 12-minute spell either side of half-time saw the hosts race into a four-goal lead.
Droschak: Tar Heels Steamroll to Victory The stat line in the first half was about as remarkable as it gets. But then again, North Carolina is getting used to big leads at the break.
In case you were worried FOXBORO, Mass. -- In a game only a mudder could love, leave it to Corey Dillon to be the workhorse the Patriots needed on a down and dirty type of afternoon in rainy New England.
O #39;Neal Wants More From Team MIAMI -- Shaquille O #39;Neal thinks Miami #39;s opponents are rising to the challenge of playing against him and Dwyane Wade. And right now, the Heat aren #39;t responding the way their center would prefer.
Swiss voters back stem cell law Voters in Switzerland have backed a new law permitting research on stem cells from human embryos. The Catholic Church and the influential Green Party had opposed the legislation, saying it involved taking human lives.
Chirac rival takes helm of president #39;s party Nicolas Sarkozy, one of France #39;s most ambitious and visible politicians - and an in-house rival of President Jacques Chirac - moved to the helm of the president #39;s party yesterday, a perfect podium for him to bid for the 
At XM, Boldly Going The leading satellite radio service, with more than 500 employees and 2.5 million subscribers, has now come into its own and competition is sizzling.&lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;
Contracts Keep Drug Research Out of Reach Academic institutions and researchers are widely viewed as impartial actors in drug trials. But that independence often comes with strings attached.
High Hopes for a Ho Ho Ho Rally The holidays are here, and investors are wondering: Will Santa put some jingle in their pockets this year? So far, so good. Since President George W. Bush #39;s Nov. 2 reelection, the stock market has roared, sending 
 #39;Merry Chrismukkah! #39; cards proclaim KANSAS CITY, Mo. - Every December, Zack and Hilary Rudman used to send out nonsectarian cards with winter scenes and generic holiday greetings.
Scientists watch man-made flood of Grand Canyon More than 135 years after explorer John Wesley Powell first surveyed this ancient canyon, his writings seemed to echo last week as water roared down the Colorado River.
Online insecurity Despite new federal and state laws aimed at spamming, theft or fraud while using computers, hackers continue to prowl the Internet perpetrating scams and outright theft.
Martyn having time of his life Last week Nigel Martyn made his 800th senior appearance in a 17-year career spanning four clubs. In the 1-0 win over Fulham, Everton #39;s goalkeeper had little to do.
Bengals Beat Browns in Second Highest Scoring Game in NFL History The Cincinnati Bengals pulled out a 58-48 victory over the Cleveland Browns in the most remarkable game of their intrastate rivalry.
Irish will seek to break 6-bowl skid in Phoenix Notre Dame accepted an invitation Sunday to play in the Insight Bowl in Phoenix against a Pac-10 team on Dec. 28. The Irish (6-5) accepted the bid a day after losing to Southern California 
Smoke slows Chinese mine rescue explosion, which could be the worst disaster to hit the world #39;s most dangerous mining industry in four years. the mine, which it said was known for a high concentration of gas.
Kazakh Party Offices Hit Two months after elections that were criticized as falling short of international standards, two explosions shook the offices of President 
Criminals Prey on Tsunami Victims Across the World  STOCKHOLM (Reuters) - Thieves, rapists, kidnappers and  hoaxers are preying on tsunami survivors and families of  victims in Asian refugee camps, hospitals and in the home  countries of European tourists hit by the wave.
Companies unveil details on getting free credit reports The nation #39;s three biggest credit reporting companies have announced details about how consumers can receive copies of their credit reports for free once a year 
Steelers just good enough Dirty, weary and quietly pleased, the Steelers trudged into their locker room Sunday after the 16-7 victory against the Washington Redskins.
Chirac congratulates Finance Minister on winning UMP presidency French President Jacques Chirac has congratulated Nicolas Sarkozy on his nomination as president of his ruling party, Union for a Popular Movement (UMP).
Blunkett investigator to be named An independent investigator who will study claims that Home Secretary David Blunkett abused his position is to be named.
Justices to Hear Arguments on Interstate Wine Sales The Supreme Court will soon hear arguments in a legal case that may decide whether wineries can sell directly to out-of-state consumers.
Raiders Ice Broncos The Raiders block a final-minute field-goal attempt by the Broncos' Jason Hanson to preserve a 25-24 win in snow-covered Denver on Sunday night.
O'Neal Wants More Shaquille O'Neal feels the Heat needs to acquire a killer instinct after just edging out the Celtics, 106-104, on Sunday evening.
Tree Farmers Lose Business Now that the Thanksgiving feast is over, many people are getting ready to deck the halls and put up their Christmas tree. Some Christmas tree farmers are working even harder to compete with artificial trees.
Digital music a long way from displacing CDs It #39;s going to be a long time before digital music downloads challenge CD sales, even in the online world. That #39;s the conclusion of a report by market watcher Informa Media Group (IMG), published this week.
Couples wins Skins Game with \$640,000 Fred Couples continued his amazing run in the Skins Game, prevailing in four playoff holes against Woods to get the final three skins and \$340,000, and win his record fifth Skins Game with a total of \$640,000.
Miller makes history with another win LAKE LOUISE, Alberta - World Cup leader Bode Miller barreled his way into skiing history Sunday, collecting his third consecutive win.
Rangers boss McLeish keeps lid on expectations Rangers boss Alex McLeish has attempted to quickly keep expectations low-key after going top yesterday. A 3-2 win over Hearts at Ibrox moved McLeish #39;s men a point clear of Celtic - the first time they #39;ve looked 
Russians finish dominant  #39;04 with Federation Cup victory Russia won its first Fed Cup title yesterday by edging defending champion France 3-2 when Anastasia Myskina and Vera Zvonareva beat Marion Bartoli and Emilie Loit 7-6 (5), 7-5 in the deciding doubles match.
After adjusting, Pats get busy After a 3-3 slugfest of a first half, the New England Patriots (10-1) made enough alterations at the intermission to open the game up in the second half en route to a 24-3 win over Baltimore (7-4) yesterday.
Leinart #39;s big game bolsters Heisman chances  quot;Heisman Trophy? Definitely. He #39;s going to get it, quot; Trojans guard Fred Matua said after Leinart threw for a career-high 400 yards and five touchdowns in a 41-10 win over Notre Dame on Saturday night.
Steelers defense lives up to ranking The Washington Redskins thought they had hit rock bottom with their offensive struggles when they gained just 213 net yards in their 28-6 loss to the Philadelphia Eagles last week.
China Mine Blast Kills 25, Traps 144 in 3rd Mishap in Six Weeks Twenty-five Chinese coal miners were killed and 141 remained trapped underground a day after China #39;s third major mining accident in less than six weeks.
Pakistan Tests Short-Range Nuclear-Capable Missile, Army Says Pakistan successfully test fired a short-range ballistic missile capable of carrying a nuclear warhead, as part of series of planned tests, the army said.
How the toy industry is being outplayed by video games this &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Left unfettered, Anthony Konieczka, 9, would happily thumb away at his Game Boy Advance or PlayStation2 from the minute he gets up to the moment he crawls into bed, 14 bleary-eyed hours later.
Gasoline Pump Price Falls for 9th Week  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. retail gasoline prices declined  for the ninth week in a row and truckers are enjoying the  cheapest diesel fuel in almost four months, the Energy  Department said on Monday.
Patriots 24, Ravens 3 The New England Patriots showed the stingiest team in the NFL that they also can dominate on defense. They shut down Baltimore 24-3 Sunday, scoring on a fumble recovery and holding the Ravens to 124 yards.
EAST CHAMP EAGLES EYEING SUPER PRIZE Philadelphia is a city filled with landmarks, and the Eagles #39; 27-6 rout of the Giants had plenty of them. The Eagles sealed their fourth straight NFC East title, and joined the 1985 Bears and 
Pakistan test-fires nuclear-capable missile (AFP) AFP - Pakistan has test-fired a short-range nuclear capable missile, its fifth missile test this year.
ASEAN 10 - a peak of cooperation and consensus construction Ha Noi (VNA) - The 10th summit of the Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN 10) - an important event marking one year of operation of the regional grouping - kicked off in Vientiane , Laos , on Monday.
First five-year review of international treaty to ban land mines &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; NAIROBI, Kenya - The first five-year review of the international treaty to ban land mines begins considering governments compliance with the pact on Monday, and starts work on a five-year action plan.
Haiti's Wounds Overwhelm a Suffering Public Hospital Haiti's largest public hospital is barely functioning despite foreign governments' pledging \$1.4 billion toward Haiti's long-term development.
6 Civilians, 17 Insurgents Killed in Iraq Violence A car bomb killed six civilians in Samarra, north of Baghdad, on Sunday when it exploded as a U.S. convoy was passing, police said. South of the capital, U.S. and Iraqi forces killed 17 suspected insurgents in raids.
Strong Quake Hits in Japan A strong earthquake with a preliminary magnitude of 7.1 hit a wide area of Japan's northernmost main island of Hokkaido early Monday, Japan's Meteorological Agency said.
Chile to Pay Torture Victims  SANTIAGO, Chile, Nov. 28 -- President Ricardo Lagos of Chile on Sunday proposed special pensions and other reparations for more than 28,000 Chileans who were tortured by government agents during the country's 1973-1990 military dictatorship.
Asian Stocks Edge Up as Dollar Steadies (Reuters) Reuters - The dollar strengthened above last\week's record low against the euro on Monday, allowing shares\in shippers and steelmakers to take Asian equity markets up,\but nerves about the dollar's direction capped stock gains.
Raiders Edge Broncos 25-24 (AP) AP - The Silver and Black looked right at home in the white stuff. Kerry Collins threw for 339 yards and four touchdowns to lead the Oakland Raiders to an upset in the snow Sunday night, 25-24 over the Denver Broncos.
Lakers Defeat Hornets 89-76 (AP) AP - Kobe Bryant had 20 points, six rebounds and seven assists, and the Los Angeles Lakers struggled to an 89-76 victory over the injury-depleted New Orleans Hornets on Sunday night.
SuperSonics 103, Pacers 95 In a matchup of conference leaders, the Seattle SuperSonics thought the Indiana Pacers would run out of steam when it counted most.
Blazers Bring Out The Worst In the Nets The NBA introduced the 24-second shot clock in 1954 to increase scoring. For the second time this month, the Nets and the Portland Trail Blazers set back offensive basketball 50 years.
Hurricane season 2004: The year Florida #39;s luck ran out After dodging hurricanes for a generation, Palm Beach County and the Treasure Coast got what no soothsayer would have dared predict: two storms striking almost the same spot three weeks apart.
To Stretch City's Budget for the Arts, Chicago Turns to EBay Chicago will hold the first charitable eBay auction to be sponsored by an American city, to benefit the city's cultural programs.
Fratello waiting to hear back from Memphis Grizzlies MIAMI Mike Fratello says he had  quot;a nice conversation quot; with the Memphis Grizzlies about the team #39;s vacant coaching position.
Bettis helps Pittsburgh #39;s streak hit 9 Antwaan Randle El, making his second NFL start at receiver, took care of the big plays and Jerome Bettis (Detroit Mackenzie) handled the short yardage in his fourth consecutive 100-yard game to lead the Steelers past Washington, 16-7, Sunday.
India says Kashmir incursions down The number of Muslim guerrillas infiltrating Indian Kashmir from Pakistan has plunged 60 percent since construction of a border fence and a tighter vigil by frontier troops, India #39;s home minister has said in a report.
Wal-Mart casts pall over holiday sales Anecdotal evidence of crowded stores at the start of the holiday shopping season wasn #39;t backed up with promising retail numbers, as Wal-Mart Stores Inc.
Leading IT Vendors Release Messaging Software Fujitsu Limited, Hitachi, Ltd., and NEC Corporation have released their jointly developed messaging software as open source. This software implements the Web Services Reliability (WS-Reliability) standard, a 
Divers find gash in hull of oil tanker A 6-foot gash has been discovered in the hull of a tanker that leaked 30,000 gallons of crude oil into the Delaware River Friday night, officials said yesterday.
Southern California steps it up No. 1-ranked Southern California can #39;t claim perfection yet, needing to win two more games to finish 13-0 and as national champion.
Texas Christian Beats No. 13 MSU 80-75 (AP) AP - Sandora Irvin had 23 points and 17 rebounds and Texas Christian upset a ranked team for the second night in a row, beating No. 13 Michigan State 80-75 Sunday in the championship game of the Rainbow Wahine Classic.
Spain's ex-PM faces bombs inquiry Former Spanish prime minister Jose Maria Aznar is to answer questions about the 11 March Madrid bombings.
INTERVIEW: Australia #39;s Foster #39;s Taps Russian Beer Market MELBOURNE (Dow Jones)--Aiming to make Foster #39;s Lager the world #39;s third best-selling international beer by 2009, Australian drinks company Foster #39;s Group Ltd.
Christmas tree farmers hope for as good of year as last year MADISON, Wis. -  #39;Tis the season to buy real trees to decorate the home and Wisconsin Christmas tree farmers hope they can repeat last year #39;s success.
Strike doesn #39;t paralyze turnpike Pennsylvania Turnpike managers and temporary workers held out their hands again yesterday to collect tolls from shoppers, football fans and end-of-Thankgiving weekend 
Yellen focuses on employment SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW) -- Matching job growth and economic growth are key to the Fed #39;s pace of raising short-term interest rates, Janet Yellen, president of the San Francisco Federal Reserve Bank, said in an interview published Sunday.
Couples wins for record fifth time LA QUINTA, Calif. -- Fred Couples continued his amazing run in the Skins Game on Sunday, prevailing in four playoff holes over Tiger Woods to win the event for a record fifth time.
Texas Christian 80, No. 13 Michigan St. 75 Sandora Irvin had 23 points and 17 rebounds and Texas Christian upset a ranked team for the second night in a row, beating No. 13 Michigan State 80-75 Sunday in the championship game of the Rainbow Wahine Classic.
China blast traps miners in toxic shafts A gas explosion that tore through a coal mine in central China trapped 166 workers in underground shafts filled with noxious smoke in the latest and apparently the deadliest of a 
Abbas reaffirms 2005 statehood goal Mahmoud Abbas, the leading candidate for the Palestinian Authority presidency, said yesterday that Palestinians wanted to begin negotiating final statehood terms 
Carter Lifts Himself Off Deck; Defense Is Steady at Helm After suffering a head injury on the third play, Quincy Carter returned to what ended up being his most effective game since taking over as the Jets' starter.
Eagles' Biggest Hurdle Lies Ahead EAST RUTHERFORD, N.J., Nov. 28 - Even the flamboyant Terrell Owens was subdued after Philadelphia's 27-6 victory over the Giants on Sunday. The Eagles had just dominated a rival and clinched the division, but it is a little hard to get excited about accomplishments that were never seriously in doubt.
Chinese auto firm looks overseas Shanghai Automotive Industry Corporation, China's largest carmaker, is consolidating its assets into a new company as it considers listing its shares abroad.
US Retailers #39; Holiday Sales Rise; Wal-Mart Lags Behind US retailers #39; credit card sales rose more than 6 percent during the first weekend of the holiday shopping season. Same-store sales at Wal-Mart Stores Inc.
Business leaders forecast tax rises A Government of any party will be forced to cut spending or raise taxes by 7 billion a year after the election if it is to meet Chancellor Gordon Brown #39;s economic rules, business leaders have warned.
Bush reform may have blue states seeing red President Bush #39;s  quot;revenue-neutral quot; tax reform needs losers to balance its winners, and people claiming the federal deduction for state and local taxes may be in administration planners #39; sights, news reports say.
SARS Outbreak May Hit Asia This Winter, WHO Says (Update1) An outbreak of severe acute respiratory syndrome, or SARS, may hit Asia this winter, the World Health Organization said today in an e-mailed statement.
Bush urges N. Ireland leaders to accept Anglo-Irish proposal (AFP) AFP - US President George W. Bush has urged Northern Ireland's leaders to accept an Anglo-Irish proposal aimed at ending political deadlock between Protestants and Roman Catholics, the White House said.
UPDATE 2-Australia heading for victory as Kiwis collapse Australia ripped through the top of the New Zealand order to leave the tourist #39;s struggling on 36 for four at tea on the fourth day of the second test 
If there was doubt, 49ers are worst Offense can #39;t reward defense &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The 49ers #39; defense caused fumbles, sacked the quarterback, knocked down passes and even scored a touchdown. The defense played well enough for any team to win.
Owen Still Hoping for Starting Role England striker Michael Owen has vowed to keep fighting for a place in the Real Madrid starting line-up after another substitute appearance led to his now almost customary goal.
Sinn Fein seeks faster N Ireland pullout An Irish political party leader is to urge British Prime Minister Tony Blair to accelerate the withdrawal of troops from republican areas of Northern Ireland.
Williams #39; call for Anglican unity falls on deaf ears The Archbishop of Canterbury, Rowan Williams, issued a stern warning to Anglican primates across the world yesterday to avoid the language of hatred for homosexuals and to seek together to heal the divisions within the 77 million-strong communion caused 
Pakistan tests mid-range missile Pakistan test-fires a medium-range missile capable of carrying nuclear warheads.
Lehmann and Richardson contest foot-race for charity New Delhi, Nov. 29 (UNI): Darren Lehmann will take on New Zealand #39;s opening batsman Mark Richardson, in a foot race following the end of play in the second 3 mobile Test match at the Adelaide Oval.
S.Korean industrial output growth slides to nine-month low South Korea #39;s industrial output growth plunged to a nine-month low with 5.7 percent growth rate in October due to cooling exports and protracted weak consumer spending, the National Statistics Office (NSO) said Monday.
Music industry tries to shut Kazaa down LAWYERS FROM the Music industry are on the attack down under as they try to close the popular P2P software network Kazaa. An Australian federal court was told that the developers of file-swapping technology 
Iraqi Election Creates Unusual Alliances (AP) AP - Doubts about holding Iraqi national elections on Jan. 30 produced an alliance few believed possible  #151; Sunni Arabs and Sunni Kurds united in calling for a delay. Less than 24 hours later, the alliance collapsed after Shiite Arabs made clear they would not accept any postponement.
French Relations in Africa Faces Threat (AP) AP - For more than 100 years, French families have made their homes in this tropical country, rich in coffee and cocoa. Its main city, with its towering skyscrapers, crisp croissants and fine wines, became known as the Paris of West Africa.
Price reigns in shoppers #39; priorities Ask holiday shoppers what drives their choice of stores and you #39;ll hear a variety of answers. But the subject of money is never far away.
UPDATE 1-Warburg Pincus to buy 2.75 of Kotak Mahindra Bank The board of India #39;s Kotak Mahindra Bank Ltd. (KTKM.BO: Quote, Profile, Research) has approved an issue of shares representing a 2.75 percent stake to Warburg Pincus International LLC.
India dampen South Africa advance South Africa added just 62 runs for the loss of three wickets as India pegged them back on day two of the second Test in Calcutta.
Special teams can #39;t handle Randle El The Pittsburgh Steelers #39; Antwaan Randle El posted back-to-back returns of 60 and 43 yards in the first half at Heinz Field. Those big plays set up 10 points 
25 miners killed in China blast BEIJING, China (AFP) - Rescuers said at least 25 miners were killed yesterday in a major gas explosion at a coal mine in north China #39;s Shaanxi province, the official Xinhua news agency reported.
Boston's technology takes corporate, not consumer, tilt If you want to know what it feels like to be a salmon struggling upstream, or a migratory bird flapping south in the face of a stiff headwind, just try starting a consumer technology business in Boston.
For planners, procrastinators alike There are those who finish their holiday shopping by Thanksgiving. Then there are the rest of us. Here's a holiday gift guide for both planners and procrastinators.
Marketers drawing on anthropology NEW YORK -- Eight O'Clock Coffee Co. wanted its ads to hit people right where they live -- in their own homes, just waking up in the morning, craving that first cup of coffee.
Retailers see tepid start to holiday season NEW YORK -- The start of the holiday season was respectable but unimpressive for many of the nation's retailers, with consumers jamming stores and malls on Friday and pulling back as the weekend wore on.
Kotak Mahindra Bank to sell 2.7 stake to Warburg Pincus The board of Kotak Mahindra Bank Ltd has approved an issue of shares representing a 2.75 per cent stake to Warburg Pincus International LLC.
Holidays Push Back Da Vinci Tests Well, when you #39;re running a space program with mostly volunteers, you have to expect some hiccups. The da Vinci Project, a Canadian effort to launch a civilian space flight, has pushed back test flights because of the looming holiday season.
Microsoft #39;s Piracy Replacement Offer: Trick Or Treat? Microsoft UK is offering FREE licensed copies of Windows XP to anyone who is willing to give up their counterfeit copies in exchange.
NOVO VOWS TO REMAIN FOCUSED Rangers striker Nacho Novo insists he will not let his impending showdown with the Scottish Football Association distract him from the task of keeping the club at the top of the Bank of Scotland Premier League.
Wade enjoying sidekick #39; role Dwyane Wade calls himself a  quot;sidekick, quot; gladly accepting the role Kobe Bryant never wanted in Los Angeles. And not only does second-year Heat point 
Eagles clinch NFC East, aim higher There was no champagne celebration by the players, no Gatorade bath for the coach. Maybe another team would be impressed with itself after clinching 
Taiwan telcos need at least two years for 3G services to take off (AFP) AFP - Taiwan's telecommunications industry will need at least another two years before third-generation (3G) mobile phone services generate meaningful revenues, an industry chief executive was quoted in the Financial Times as saying.
Japan's Supreme Court refuses compensation to South Korean war slaves (AFP) AFP - Japan's top court has a damages suit brought by South Koreans forced to work as sex slaves or soldiers by the Japanese Imperial Army, saying their suffering in World War II cannot be compensated under the post-war constitution.
High Court to Hear Medical Marijuana Issue (AP) AP - Angel Raich tried dozens of prescription medicines to ease the pain of a brain tumor and other illnesses before she took up another drug: pot.
High-water mark FOXBOROUGH -- By the end of a 24-3 Patriots win over the Baltimore Ravens yesterday, the Patriots didn't know whether to sack Kyle Boller or to hug him.
Miserable conditions, another happy ending FOXBOROUGH -- Does everyone in these here parts truly appreciate what's going on here? I mean, if football is your game, do you understand that you have hit the lottery? Stop worrying about whether the Patriots will win a third Super Bowl on the evening of Feb. 6, 2005. There are too many variables involved to start worrying about that. ...
Patchwork secondary was in prime position FOXBOROUGH -- It is logical, if you coach offensive football for a living, to look at the Patriots secondary as presently constituted and see opportunity.
Celtics getting warmer, but they still fall to Heat MIAMI -- Progress takes many forms. Last night at American Airlines Arena, it was a last-second 17-footer by Ricky Davis that skipped across the rim. Without the buzzer-beater, Boston failed to force overtime and came up short in its fourth-quarter comeback attempt against Miami, losing, 106-104.
Chargers don't drop the ball KANSAS CITY, Mo. -- Strip away the great plays and the wild action and San Diego's 34-31 victory over Kansas City is reduced to a simple story: big plays. The revitalized Chargers (8-3) showed why they keep winning and the distraught Chiefs (3-8) showed why they continue to lose. San Diego made the big plays yesterday, got expert quarterbacking from ...
Steelers have plenty in reserve PITTSBURGH -- The Washington Redskins only wish they were getting as much offense from their starters as the streaking Pittsburgh Steelers are from their backups.
Eagles roll past Giants by smothering Manning EAST RUTHERFORD, N.J. -- The Philadelphia Eagles wrapped up a fourth consecutive NFC East title the same way they won the first three -- with an awesome defense that made Eli Manning look like a rookie.
Texans sweep past Titans HOUSTON -- David Carr threw for 201 yards and two touchdowns and Domanick Davis rushed for a season-high 129 yards and a score to help the Houston Texans rally from an 18-point deficit yesterday in a 31-21 win over the Tennessee Titans.
Niners hand it to Dolphins SAN FRANCISCO -- Randy McMichael caught a 15-yard touchdown pass with 10:35 to play, and the 49ers fumbled five times in the fourth quarter of the Miami Dolphins' 24-17 victory yesterday, leaving San Francisco as the league's only one-win team.
Hamstrung no longer MINNEAPOLIS -- Randy Moss caught a go-ahead touchdown pass in the third quarter, Kevin Williams returned Byron Leftwich's fumble 77 yards for the clinching score, and the Vikings beat the Jacksonville Jaguars, 27-16, yesterday. Trailing, 20-16, just before the 2-minute warning, with third and 6 at the Minnesota 19, Leftwich had Jacksonville in position to take the lead. But rookie ...
A backfield in motion FOXBOROUGH -- He needed a long hit of mouthwash when the festivities at Gillette Stadium were over yesterday.
Latest event far out FOXBOROUGH -- The Patriots might have underestimated Adam Vinatieri's scoring range yesterday. During pregame planning, the Patriots decided not to attempt field goals if the line of scrimmage was outside the 30-yard line. But Vinatieri's 48-yard field goal in the third quarter of the Patriots' 24-3 victory over Baltimore cleared the crossbar by several yards, leaving the impression the Patriots ...
Colvin likes getting in on action FOXBOROUGH -- It all feels different to Rosevelt Colvin. A 10-1 season feels different than the 13-3 season he experienced with the Chicago Bears under Dick Jauron in 2000.
Bengals outscore Browns CINCINNATI -- Kelly Holcomb threw for 400 yards and five touchdowns -- and lost. Strange? Not as strange as those other numbers glowing on the scoreboard as Holcomb trudged off the field with his head down and more misery ahead.
Hughes is huge in Wizards' win The Minnesota Timberwolves didn't stop when the clock did. Kevin Garnett and Sam Cassell combined for 11 straight points after the game clock malfunctioned, and the Timberwolves went on to a 121-110 victory over the host Sacramento Kings last night.
No. 1 Tennessee holds off Owls Shanna Zolman scored 5 of her 10 points in the closing minutes and Shyra Ely made two free throws with 11.9 seconds left, helping top-ranked Tennessee avoid an upset at the hands of Temple by pulling out a 52-48 decision in Knoxville, Tenn.
Indiana kicks aside Eagles BLOOMINGTON, Ind. -- Josh Tudela headed in a corner kick from Brian Plotkin in the 41st minute, lifting defending national champion Indiana to a 1-0 NCAA Division 1 soccer tournament win over Boston College yesterday.
BC's bowl picture out of focus Where to now? That was the question everyone at Boston College was asking yesterday after the 17th-ranked Eagles laid a colossal egg in Saturday's devastating 43-17 loss against Syracuse. It cost BC the Big East title outright, a berth in the Bowl Championship Series, and a likely New Year's Day bid to the Fiesta Bowl.
Something was on the blink The problem with being in the spotlight dance is a basic one. You had better know how to dance.
Heralded Herra has had helpers When Hingham meets Wilmington tomorrow in the Division 2A playoffs, the Harbormen will be face with a player the likes of which they have never seen, said Wildcats coach Bob Almeida. Wilmington quarterback Joe Herra, a four-year starter who ranks fourth in Eastern Mass. with 18 touchdown passes, will attempt to lift the Wildcats into the Super Bowl when Wilmington ...
There's nothing to fear but Feehan itself The Bourne football team has compiled five shutouts and played to a 10-1 record this season behind the mantra:  quot;Respect everybody, fear nobody. quot; That formula becomes harder to live by tomorrow when the Canalmen take on Eastern Athletic Conference champion Bishop Feehan in the Division 2A playoffs at 4 p.m. at Greater New Bedford Vocational High School.
166 miners trapped in China blast BEIJING -- An explosion tore through a coal mine in central China yesterday, sending smoke billowing from air vents and trapping at least 166 miners in tunnels and shafts below without a method of communication, the government said.
Israel eyes coordination of pullout JERUSALEM -- Israel is prepared to coordinate its pullout from Gaza with a new Palestinian government, officials said yesterday, a shift from Prime Minister Ariel Sharon's concept of  quot;unilateral disengagement quot; and a sign that cooperation may be restored in the post-Arafat era.
THANKSGIVING WEEKEND SHOPPING: Consumers get the job done: They &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The Thanksgiving weekend is over, and the typical consumer has completed 37 percent of his or her holiday shopping, according to a National Retail Federation survey released Sunday.
PEPPER-SPRAY TOYS  #39;R #39; US  #39;DESERTED #39; Customers of the Times Square Toys  #39;R #39; Us yesterday said the flagship store lacked its normal Christmas bustle, one day after pepper spray forced the evacuation of some 3,000 customers.
Crude futures ease despite lingering fears over heating oil &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Crude oil futures eased slightly Monday but remained close to the US\$50 barrel level amid lingering concerns about shortages of heating oil at the start of the Northern Hemisphere winter, market-watchers said.
China, ASEAN to sign deals moving towards world #39;s biggest free &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; VIENTIANE: China and Southeast Asian countries were Monday to sign historic trade pacts paving the way for the world #39;s biggest free-trade zone, which could eventually include the rest of Northeast Asia and India.
The Best Toys Don #39;t Come In A Big Box Marchets Toys  amp; Hobbies, a small shop tucked in the corner of Southgate Shopping Center, is a reminder of life before the big-box stores.
Delaware River Oil Spill Leaves Wildlife Imperiled Birds coated in oil were carried to a wildlife refuge by volunteers trying to save them from the largest oil spill on the Delaware River in nearly a decade.
Couples Bests Woods to Continue Mastery of Skins Game Fred Couples continued his amazing run in the Skins Game in La Quinta, Calif., prevailing in four playoff holes over Tiger Woods to claim the final three skins and \$340,000, and win his record fifth Skins Game with a total of \$640,000.
Aussies set huge total NEW Zealand trailed by 314 to be 5-149 in its second innings at stumps on day four of the second Test against Australia at Adelaide Oval today.
Koznick lands spot on Aspen podium ASPEN - After two days of disappointment, an American ski racer finally landed on a podium in front of an enthusiastic, partisan and snow-covered crowd Sunday.
UPDATE 1-Everton draw at Newcastle, Spurs end losing run Everton ground out a 1-1 draw at Newcastle United and Tottenham Hotspur ended a run of six Premier League defeats with a morale-boosting 2-0 victory over 10-man Middlesbrough on Sunday.
McNair #39;s future is uncertain, will  #39;evaluate #39; after season In the Astrodome as a Houston Oiler he began laying the foundation for a successful career that includes a Super Bowl appearance, last season #39;s Co-MVP award and recognition as one of the league #39;s toughest and most versatile quarterbacks.
US general warns over Iraq poll Violence in Mosul is damaging efforts to hold elections in the city, the US commander in north Iraq tells the BBC.
Killer fingertips can stop E.coli Scientists discover how the skin of the fingertips protects itself against a common bug that causes diarrhoea.
Online commons to spark debate eBay could be a good model for \government-backed online communities,  says a UK think-tank.
UPDATE: Australian Growth Likely Slowed Sharply In 3Q SYDNEY (Dow Jones)--Australia #39;s economic growth likely slowed sharply in the third quarter, economists said Monday, with data showing a record current account deficit and foreign debt.
Telekom Austria Acquires Major Bulgarian Mobile Operator Telekom Austria AG, Austria #39;s biggest phone operator won the right to buy Bulgaria #39;s largest mobile phone company, MobilTel EAD.
Martha #39;s meals not up to Living standards unless one is eating it with Martha Stewart! Carol Gilbert, 57, a Catholic nun serving time with the domestic diva at the Federal 
Step change as Ofgem agrees price rise Electricity distribution companies in Great Britain will be allowed to raise their prices by an average of 1.3 per cent after inflation in 2005-2005, industry regulator Ofgem said on Monday.
Mitsubishi, Merrill Lynch in Joint Venture Money-losing Japanese automaker Mitsubishi Motors Corp. said Monday that it is setting up a joint venture with Merrill Lynch to offer auto-sales financing services in the United States.
Kazaa #39;s parent takes another legal beating  quot;The Kazaa system is an engine of copyright piracy to a degree of magnitude never before seen, quot; declared the counsel for the music industry, Tony Bannon, during today #39;s commencement of the civil trial against peer-to-peer (P2P) software distributor 
Crew to re-dock spaceship at international space station The two-man crew is scheduled to re-dock a spaceship at a new port this morning. Mission Control says it #39;s to prepare for two spacewalks early next year.
Microsoft offers XP counterfeit  #39;amnesty #39; in hopes of chasing down &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Microsoft has announced a one month  quot;amnesty quot; of sorts for possessors of possible counterfeit copies of the Windows XP operating system.
Now, a cellphone that can advice you! Two Massachusetts Institute of Technology scientists are developing a cellphone that is so smart it can tell what you think and even predict your next move.
Cash crunch no game for Infinium Labs The financial picture is not pretty at Infinium Labs, a Sarasota, Fla., video-game company that lured former Microsoft employees to work at its main development office in Seattle.
A universally good year for the Geminids meteor shower SATURN makes its reappearance on our star maps this month but is only the appetiser for a feast of planetary interest later in the night.
Violent videos and the holidays They were lined up at dawn Friday. They fidgeted with nervous energy. They could barely wait to get into those stores and start spending.
Beckham to Arsenal? Beckham might return to England with Arsenal: David Beckham is being rumored to return to England with Arsenal in a deal that may see midfielder Fredrik Ljungberg join Real Madrid, the Daily Star Sunday said.
Diouf spit leaves a sour taste for Bolton Senegal striker El-Hadji Diouf has been hit with a fine of two weeks #39; wages after he spat in the face of Portsmouth #39;s Arjan de Zeeuw during Saturday #39;s Premiership match.
Russia power to maiden title Moscow: Moscow-born Tatiana Golovin kept alive Frances hopes of retaining the Fed Cup title by crushing US Open champion Svetlana Kuznetsova 6-4, 6-1 in the second reverse singles on Sunday.
Eagles soar to NFC East division title EAST RUTHERFORD, United States (AFP) - The Philadelphia Eagles clinched their fourth straight division title, and with plenty of time to spare in the National Football League season.
Top 25 women: Top-ranked Tennessee survives Temple scare A poor shooting game will likely knock Tennessee out of the No. 1 ranking. A second bad showing almost cost the Volunteers more. Shanna Zolman scored five of her 
French relay team set to get late gold American Calvin Harrison #39;s failure to appeal against a doping ban means the French men #39;s 4x400 meters relay team will get a late gold.
Just how super are the Sonics? They sport the best record in the NBA and have beaten several top-tier teams (like Minnesota, Sacramento, San Antonio and Denver).
Iran agrees to a freeze on nuke programs Dropping a last-minute demand to keep using centrifuges, Iran agreed yesterday to suspend its nuclear programs and won some additional concessions from Europe for a resolution 
FDA Warns Cyberonics on Manufacturing  CHICAGO (Reuters) - U.S. regulators warned Cyberonics Inc.  of manufacturing deficiencies at the Houston plant that makes  its sole product, an implantable device to treat epilepsy, the  company said on Monday.
Philippine GDP rises 6.3 percent in third quarter The Philippine economy rose 6.3 percent year-on-year in the third quarter, higher than the market expectations, the government said Monday.
Warburg to buy Kotak bank pie Foreign Institutional Investor Warburg Pincus International will pick up 2.75 per cent stake in Kotak Mahindra Bank for Rs 75.9 crore (Rs 759 million), subject to shareholders #39; approval.
SuperGen Withdraws Drug Application  NEW YORK (Reuters) - SuperGen Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=SUPG.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;SUPG.O&lt;/A&gt; on Monday said  it has withdrawn an application to market its pancreatic cancer  drug in the United States, casting a cloud on the drug's future  in the world's biggest market and sending the company's shares  down as much as 16 percent.
BECKS TO HIS BEST FOR REAL DAVID BECKHAM and Michael Owen were on target as Real Madrid went goal crazy in the Bernabeu last night. Beckham marked his return to form in style with his first goal in two months.
Telekom Austria Wins Mobiltel Bid Option for \$2.1 Bln (Update2) Telekom Austria AG, the country #39;s biggest phone operator, won the right to buy Bulgaria #39;s largest mobile phone company, MobilTel EAD, for 1.6 billion euros (\$2.1 billion), an acquisition that would add 3 million subscribers.
Regulator agrees power price rise Power network distribution charges are to rise by an average 1 next year, regulator Ofgem has announced. The electricity charges will then be capped at the rate of inflation for the next four years, Ofgem said.
Stocks Start 2005 on Weak Note  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Stocks fell on Monday -- the first  trading day of 2005 -- after disappointing U.S. employment and  construction spending data triggered concern about economic  growth and lower crude oil prices pulled down energy shares.
Australian wildlife authorities fight to save stranded whales Wildlilfe authorities in Australia are concerned by the beaching of dozens of whales in two separate incidents in waters off the state of Tasmania.
WORLD IN BRIEF RIO DE JANEIRO -- Gang members shot and wounded dozens of people at a Rio de Janeiro disco Sunday after party organizers refused to stop the music to honor a suspected drug kingpin killed earlier by police.
The Cost of Virus Protection Rises Symantec, McAfee hope raising virus-definition fees will move users to suites.
Google Stumbles With New Desktop Tool Beta search app creates vulnerabilities that may threaten your data's security.
Vietnam to create more favorable conditions for foreign investors Vietnam is endeavoring to improve its business environment in such fields as procedures, taxes, land and labor, in a move to lure US\$18 billion worth of foreign direct investment in the 2006-2010 period.
Couples hits the jackpot at Skins Game Fred Couples made two big putts - worth at least \$300,000 apiece - to again emerge the big winner at the Skins Game, which also featured Tiger Woods, Annika Sorenstam and Adam Scott.
Rangers 3, Hearts 2 Rangers manager Alex McLeish paid tribute to his battle-weary players after they defeated Hearts and reached the Bank of Scotland Premier League summit for the first time in more than a year.
Philly clinches NFC East title EAGLES 27, GIANTS 6: The Eagles, in the playoffs for the fifth consecutive year, are the third team since 1978 to win its division in Game 11.
PITTSBURGH WINS 9TH IN A ROW WITH 207 YARDS Antwaan Randle El and Jerome Bettis gave the host Pittsburgh Steelers just enough offense for a 16-7 win at home against the Washington Redskins yesterday, and to keep their longest winning streak in 28 years going.
Abbas seeks international support for Palestinian elections Palestine Liberation Organization (PLO) leader Mahmoud Abbas arrived in Jordan on Sunday in an attempt to seek international support for January #39;s landmark elections.
Aid Group Threatens Afghanistan Pullout An aid group in Afghanistan said it was considering pulling out of part of the country after Taliban militants attacked its compound in a southern town yesterday, killing three people and engaging authorities in a gun battle.
Severn Trent lifts dividend as US business suffers Severn Trent, the UK environmental services group, said it intended to raise its interim dividend by 2.5 per cent to 18.21p despite a 10 per cent fall in pre-tax profits to 126.2m (\$239m) for the six months to 30 September.
IBM to introduce chip for consumer products New York, November 29: International Business Machines Corp is set to introduce a new chip to be used in consumer products that it has developed with Sony Corp and Toshiba Corp, the Wall Street Journal reported on Monday.
China expects 9 GDP growth in  #39;04 TOKYO (CBS.MW) - China expects economic growth to reach at least 9 percent in 2004, according to a published report. Free! Sign up here to receive our Before the Bell e-Newsletter!
Big business pushing security agenda For Paul Martin, George W. Bush #39;s official visit to Ottawa this week after taking control of the White House for another four years, not only signals a new era in Canada-US relations.
NBC Exec Dick Ebersol Survives Jet Crash (AP) AP - NBC Sports chairman Dick Ebersol and his college-aged son emerged from the fiery wreckage of a corporate jet after it crashed during takeoff and burst into flames, killing two crew members. Rescuers were still searching for Ebersol's younger son, whose seat was missing from the smoldering ruins.
Owens makes his presence felt, even without a dance And in Week 12, Terrell Owens paused to become just another Eagle contributing to just another victory. No controversy. No ceremony.
Australia Needs Five Wickets for Sweep of Test Cricket Rivals Australia reduced New Zealand to 149- 5 on day four of the second cricket Test in Adelaide, moving within five wickets of a 2-0 series win after setting the tourists 464 for victory.
World Bank Head to Leave in June  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - World Bank President James  Wolfensohn will leave his post at the beginning of June, when  his term expires, and a search is now under way for someone to  replace him, a U.S. Treasury spokesman said on Monday.
NBA Today (AP) AP - Cleveland at Los Angeles Clippers (10:30 p.m. EST). LeBron James is averaging 26.6 points for the Cavaliers.
Manufacturing Picks Up in December (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. factories picked up their pace in\December, capping off a year of expansion in the manufacturing\industry despite some recent signs of a downturn in employment,\a report showed on Monday.
World Bank Head to Leave in June (Reuters) Reuters - World Bank President James\Wolfensohn will leave his post at the beginning of June, when\his term expires, and a search is now under way for someone to\replace him, a U.S. Treasury spokesman said on Monday.
Fred Couples Wins Record 5th Skins Game (AP) AP - Fred Couples continued his amazing run in the Thanksgiving weekend tournament, prevailing in four playoff holes over Tiger Woods to claim the final three skins and  #36;340,000, and win his record fifth Skins Game with a total of  #36;640,000.
Sony to Disclose Details on Computer Chip Sony Corp. plans in 2006 to begin selling home servers for broadband and high-definition TV systems powered by a revolutionary new computer chip, the Japanese electronics and entertainment giant said Monday.
Branson can buy Indian airline stake Richard Branson could qualify to buy a stake in an Indian airline in his personal capacity under India #39;s existing foreign investment regulations, a top government official says.
Recording industry sues Kazaa in Australia Lawyers for Australia #39;s recording industry branded the popular Kazaa computer file-swapping network  quot;an engine of copyright piracy to a degree of magnitude never before seen quot; as they launched a court battle on Monday to shut down its illegal activities.
Finnish skier on top at Aspen After her latest win, Finland #39;s Tanja Poutiainen just shrugged and raised her eyebrows with each question. Not even she could explain why she #39;s off to such a good start this season.
Milan close in on Juve AC Milan closed the gap on leaders Juventus to four points on Sunday after receiving a helping hand from city-rivals Internazionale.
Steelers #39; defense, Bettis key win over Redskins When your defense holds an opponent to 207 yards of offense and allows only one touchdown, you should win a lot of football games.
THE CLINCHER Eagles earn division title by rolling over Giants No matter how much sugar Eli Manning tried to sprinkle on yesterday #39;s 27-6 loss to the Eagles, he couldn #39;t cover up the sourness of his own performance.
Brees, Chargers still electrifying The revitalized San Diego Chargers showed why they keep winning, and the distraught Kansas City Chiefs showed why they continue to lose.
140 still trapped in mine in China blast; 25 dead BEIJING - More than 140 miners remained trapped in the tunnels and shafts of a coal mine in central China after an explosion Sunday that killed 25 of their colleagues, the government said.
Rescue workers save 12 beached whales Rescuers have saved at least 12 pilot whales that beached themselves on Maria Island, off Tasmania #39;s east coast. It has been an exhausting 24 hours for National Parks and Wildlife officers in Tasmania after mass strandings at Maria Island and King Island.
US tech firms hire more foreigners here, too US tech companies aren #39;t just sending work overseas. They #39;re also trying to hire more foreign workers in the USA. Congress approved 20,000 new visas for skilled foreign workers this month.
Software Upgrade knocks out UK Government Network A routine computer software upgrade has crashed 80 percent of UK government PCs at the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) on Friday.
Consumers losers in next-generation DVD battle As videocassettes fade into history, a full-fledged battle is on to establish the next standard of DVDs which could open up a new realm of possibilities in interactive home entertainment.
It Bodes well LAKE LOUISE -- Less than a dozen hours before making history, Bode Miller proved he #39;s every bit as good an apres skier as he is on the snow.
Stephen Dodd wins China Open Stephen Dodd of Wales won the China Open Sunday by three strokes over Thomas Bjorn. Dodd shot a 4-under-par 68 in the last round to finish in 12-under 276.
Brooks gets into the flow TEMPE - Before yesterday, Brooks Bollinger was last seen in the final preseason game, leading the Jets to 21 unanswered points in the final five minutes to defeat the Eagles.
Lonard wins Australian Open for second year running Defending champion Peter Lonard charged home with five late birdies to win the centenary Australian Open by a single shot on Sunday.
Big plays give Chargers edge KANSAS CITY, Mo.  With their 34-31 victory Sunday, the San Diego Chargers showed why they keep winning. The Kansas City Chiefs showed why they continue to lose.
China, Japan, SKorea Vow Cooperation Over NKorea (Reuters) Reuters - Leaders of China, Japan and South\Korea vowed Monday to strengthen cooperation in resolving the\crisis over North Korea's nuclear programs and to tighten\security and economic ties.
Google Stumbles With New Desktop Tool (PC World) PC World - Beta search app creates vulnerabilities that may threaten your data's\  security.
Brighter Previews for Your Pictures (PC World) PC World - Epson's Photo Fine technology promises vivid, crisp colors on digital\  camera LCDs.
Landmine summit opens in Kenya A conference has opened in Kenya to try to eradicate the use of landmines around the world. Dozens of people are killed or injured by landmines every day and many of them are civilians.
New Wi-Fi Nearly Doubles Speed (PC World) PC World - Belkin's Pre-N wireless networking line also dramatically improves\  range--even for 802.11b and 802.11g gear.
The Cost of Virus Protection Rises (PC World) PC World - Symantec, McAfee hope raising virus-definition fees will move users to\  suites.
DNA bank to catch badger killers A database of badger DNA is being created to help catch people who illegally bait the animals and dig their setts.
Telekom Austria secures right to buy MobilTel Telekom Austria on Monday won the right to acquire MobilTel, the Bulgarian operator, for 1.6bn (\$2.12bn), in a deal that would allow it to tap into an underdeveloped mobile market.
Virgin keen to invest in airlines, telecom WHEN someone as colourful as the Chairman of the Virgin group, Sir Richard Branson, comes visiting there is bound to be some fun and games.
Music industry opens new front against Kazaa in Australia The music industry has taken its battle with peer to peer networking down under. The Australian subsidiaries of the major record labels, including Universal, EMI, Sony BMG, Warner and 25 others are suing Sharman 
IBM to unveil graphics processing chip  #39;Cell #39; - report LONDON (CBS.MW) -- IBM (IBM) later today is expected to announce the limited production plans for a chip for home entertainment products, the Wall Street Journal reported.
4 studios back Toshiba #39;s HD DVD TOKYO: Toshiba said on Monday it had won support for the HD DVD optical disc standard from Paramount Pictures, Universal Pictures, Warner Bros.
Dodd has the last laugh after marathon wait WELSHMAN Stephen Dodd began the new European tour season by ending a 15-year wait for his first title. The 38-year-old from Cardiff, who turned professional after becoming 
Pats school Ravens in sloppy drubbing: Stay on roll as defense &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Don #39;t talk to the Patriots stats, news about making statements. Don #39;t talk to them about their playoff seeding, winning percentage or schedule down the stretch.
DaimlerChrysler vetoes French plan for single EADS chief PARIS (AFP) - The German-US automaker DaimlerChrysler has shot down plans by French President Jacques Chirac to place a Frenchman as the sole head of the European Aeronautic Defence and Space Company, the Financial Times said.
South Korea Bans Matsushita Products South Korea on Monday slapped a temporary ban on the import and sale of plasma display panels made by Japan #39;s Matsushita Electric Industrial Co.
Shoppers offer retailers cheer Retailers generally had a good showing as the Christmas shopping season began last weekend, but Wal-Mart Stores Inc. dampened the holiday mood with a lump of coal as it reduced its projected sales.
Hong Kong Shares Close Higher The blue-chip Hang Seng Index rose 171.88 points, or 1.22 percent, to 14,066.91. On Friday, the index had slipped 31.58 points, or 0.2 percent.
European shares edge higher European shares opened slightly firmer on Monday as the dollar edged off record lows against the euro but Franco-Belgian bank Dexia slipped after rejecting talks regarding a cross-border tie-up.
International Space station crew takes a ride in Soyuz The two-man crew of the International Space Station left its orbital home today, taking a brief ride in a Russian Soyuz capsule to move the craft from one docking port to another.
Study: Hunters off hook for bison population crash Big game hunters may be off the hook in the latest twist of a prehistoric whodunit that tries to explain why bison populations sharply crashed thousands of years ago.
Vieira to miss Arsenal #39;s tussle with Chelsea Arsenal captain Patrick Vieira will miss the champions #39; crunch game against Premier League leaders Chelsea next month through suspension, the Football Association said on Monday.
Brees kept offense cool If ever there were a time for the Chargers offense to panic, this was it. In fact, it seemed as if the group already was a bit unnerved.
Water sinks Appleby #39;s chances of Open title Stuart Appleby #39;s golf game was a notch away from its best and that was the difference between winning and finishing second at the Australian Open golf tournament here yesterday.
SE Asia Forges Closer Ties with China, Japan, S.Korea Leaders of 13 Southeast and Northeast Asian states Monday underlined their determination to turn growing economic power into political influence by establishing a new summit-level grouping.
Beached whales die off Tasmania More than 100 whales and dolphins have died in two separate beachings in islands off Tasmania in Australia. Ninety-seven pilot whales and bottlenose dolphins died off King Island over the weekend, and several others have died off Maria Island.
Palestinians look for early solution CAIRO, Egypt -- Mahmoud Abbas, the leading candidate for the Palestinian Authority presidency, said Sunday that Palestinians wanted to begin negotiating final statehood terms with Israel as soon as possible and hoped to reach an accord by the end of next 
Sri Lanka attack raises tension Members of the Sinhala and Tamil communities have clashed again in eastern Sri Lanka after a grenade attack on a bus left one person dead.
Heineken boosts African position Heineken buys a majority stake in Nigerian brewer Consolidated Breweries, boosting its position in Africa's second-largest market.
Barcelona Testing, Day 3, 26/11/04 A trouble-free day for Franck and Giancarlo as they completed almost 200 laps of Barcelona.
Couples skins Tiger in playoff Minutes after hitting his ball into the water to blow a chance of winning the Skins Game, Tiger Woods smiled and walked arm-in-arm down the fairway with Fred Couples.
Rescuers Trying to Reach Chinese Miners Rescuers trying to reach 141 miners trapped by an underground explosion were pumping noxious fumes out of a Chinese coal mine Monday but an official said their chances of survival were  quot;extremely slight.
French Ruling Party Head Sarkozy Resigning as Finance Minister French Finance Minister Nicolas Sarkozy is resigning when he meets today with Prime Minister Jean- Pierre Raffarin, freeing him to use his new position as head of the ruling party to prepare for the 2007 presidential elections.
Southeast Asian Leaders Open ASEAN Summit in Laos Southeast Asian leaders have opened a two-day summit in Laos aimed at creating an economic community in six years and expanding free trade agreements with Asia #39;s largest economies.
Shoppers Spend, Retailers Rejoice On the Day After Thanksgiving The news was good for many retailers over the holiday weekend as enthusiastic consumers took to stores in droves on Black Friday and bought at a higher rate than last year.
HK Shares End Near 45-Mo High On Hutchison, Ppty Stks -2- HONG KONG (Dow Jones)--Hong Kong shares ended up Monday to close at their highest level in nearly 45 months, led by gains in property counters and blue-chip Hutchison Whampoa.
Premier implies US has mismanaged its currency -report Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao launched an indirect attack on the United States Sunday for failing to halt the dollar #39;s slide, and vowed not to revalue the renminbi yuan under pressure, according to a published report.
Nun enjoys prison meals with Martha DENVER - The food at the Federal Corrections Camp in Alderson, W.Va., apparently is nothing to write home about - unless one is eating it with Martha Stewart.
Kazaa trial opens with  #39;massive piracy #39; claim Kazaa owner Sharman Networks was back in the Australian Federal Court in Sydney today facing allegations that it had not only created the world #39;s largest music piracy network, but also knew for what illegal purpose its software was being put and even 
Phones catching hackers attention Several Web sites recently began offering software promising ringtones and screen savers for certain cell phones. But those who downloaded the software found that it turned 
Technology drives toward the future, throws retail items to the &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Now shows can be recorded without anything physical to record them on. The same goes for music. The days of tape-cassette #39;s are long-gone, but CDs could be on their way out, too.
French hostility a chronic problem PARIS -- US diplomats here respond to Jacques Chirac #39;s continued Yankee-bashing following George W. Bush #39;s re-election by saying the French president is out of step with his people, who are not nearly that anti-American.
Top News ; Jordan #39;s king removes crown prince Top News News, Amman,Jordan #39;s King Abdullah II has stripped his half-brother, Prince Hamzah, of his title as crown prince and heir to the Hashemite throne in an unexpected move that surprised many Jordanians.
Kazaa trial opens with 'massive piracy' claim Sharman 'encouraged' illegal file-trading, lawyers allege
Call for action on internet scam Phone companies are not doing enough to warn about net rogue-dialling scams, says the UK telecoms watchdog.
Myanmar Extends Suu Kyi House Arrest - Opposition (Reuters) Reuters - Myanmar democracy icon Aung San Suu Kyi\has been told by police she is being held under house arrest\under a law which allows for such detention for up to a year,\an opposition spokesman said Monday.
German Snow White sacked for posing nude (Reuters) Reuters - A German singer who plays Snow White has lost her job at Dresden's\Christmas market after posing for nude photos in a bathtub, Bild newspaper says.
Device to probe limits of physics UK physicists finish a crucial element of a device that will probe the forces that shape our Universe.
Beached whales die off Tasmania More than 100 whales and dolphins die in two separate beachings in islands off Tasmania in Australia.
Sri Lanka attack raises tension Sinhalas and Tamils clash again in eastern Sri Lanka after a grenade attack on a bus leaves one person dead.
India make first-innings inroads India reach 48-1 at tea in reply to South Africa's 305 on day two of the second Test.
Call for action on internet scam Phone companies are not doing enough to warn customers about internet "rogue-dialling" scams, watchdog Icstis warns.
Space Station Astronauts Move Soyuz to Prepare for Spacewalks The two astronauts aboard the International Space Station moved the Soyuz spacecraft that brought them to the orbiting outpost to prepare for a pair of spacewalks to be conducted next year.
Bolton wobble continues Four games without a win, and two away matches coming up before a home date with a resurgent Manchester City, have put a new complexion on their season.
French agriculture minister to take finance portfolio from Sarkozy (AFP) AFP - France's agriculture minister, Herv #195; #169; Gaymard, will replace Nicolas Sarkozy as finance and economy minister following the latter's resignation to take up the helm of the governing UMP party, officials said.
The downward spiral It #39;s hard to believe that only a month ago, the New York Giants were 5-2 and sitting a realistic two games behind the Philadelphia Eagles in the NFC East race.
Patriots #39; defense leaves Ravens all wet Jarvis Green capped the Patriots #39; domination when he recov ered the slip pery ball in the end zone against a team known for its own defensive touchdowns.
Romanian ruling party lead shrinks Romania #39;s ruling ex-communists scored a wafer-thin victory over opposition centrists in Sunday #39;s parliamentary vote, according to partial official results.
Powerful earthquake hits northern Japan, triggers tsunami A powerful earthquake with a preliminary magnitude of 7.1 struck Japan #39;s northern island of Hokkaido early Monday, swaying buildings and triggering a tsunami that lashed the shore, officials said.
Sea Knowledge Not Very Deep An ambitious project to catalog life in the ocean shows that so far we've just scratched the surface. By Stephen Leahy.
Web Won't Let Government Hide Advocates for open government are creating search engines and websites to let citizens peek into the inner workings of official agencies. Now more than ever, they say, openness is essential to self-government. By Ryan Singel.
Dumbing Down a Smartwatch Researchers are developing an RFID-enabled watch system to help the memory-challenged find their stuff. But making sure it doesn't track too much is a big privacy concern. By Michael Bradbury.
The Next Giant Leap Buzz Aldrin, the second man to walk on the moon, talks space and the future with James Cameron for Wired magazine.
Swiss: Limited Stem Cell Approval A measure that forbids cloning human embryos but allows scientists to extract stem cells from unwanted embryos for medical research is approved by Swiss voters. The restrictive legislation is similar to that of the Netherlands and Spain.
Sequester That Carbon Dioxide Disused Texas oil field reservoirs may become storage areas for greenhouse gases emitted by burning fossil fuels. Known as carbon sequestration, the technology captures the gas that can linger in the atmosphere for decades.
TiVo Their Way: Ads, Copy Brakes Plans for pop-up ads and restrictions on copying have some consumer advocates wondering about Tivo's commitment to customer control. The company says it has to bow some to Hollywood and advertiser interests.
Passport Privacy Protection? Nope The Bush administration opposes security measures recommended by privacy advocates for new microchip-equipped passports, saying it's concerned for the safety of American travelers. Critics say the chips are good for identity thieves and government snoops.
Reliance Energy Board to meet tomorrow The Board of Directors of Reliance Energy Ltd. would meet this week to consider the resignations of 6 of its 14 directors, a statement from the country #39;s second-largest power utility said.
Australian current account deficit hits record Australias current account deficit widened to a record level in the third quarter, putting downward pressure on the nations fast-growing economy and sending the countrys currency lower.
IBM, Sony firm up Playstation Cell chip plans THE CELL CHIP which is the basis for the Playstation 3 will go into limited production next year, said IBM and Sony. It won #39;t go into mass production until 2006, but IBM will show off the chip at a chip conference in February next year.
TOKYO--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Nov. 29, 2004--Toshiba Corporation a indiqu ce jour que la socit a reu diffrents engagements de soutien de Paramount Pictures, Universal Pictures, New Line Cinema, et Warner Bros.
Microsoft hunts for fake XP Microsoft is hoping to beat the fraudsters and trace large-scale counterfeiters of Windows XP OEM with a free checking and replacement scheme for users.
Gerrard sets sights on Premiership surge Liverpool captain Steven Gerrard says Sunday #39;s win over Arsenal can help galvanise the Reds for a run up the English Premiership table.
Oh brother! He stripped him off AMMAN: Jordan #39;s King Abdullah II has stripped his half-brother, Prince Hamzah, of his title as crown prince and heir to the Hashemite throne in an unexpected move that surprised many Jordanians.
Democracy leader Aung San Suu Kyi house arrest extended: party (AFP) AFP - Myanmar's detained democracy leader Aung San Suu Kyi has had her period of house arrest extended by another year, her opposition party and officials said.
Mortgages fall as house market cools Home loan approvals in October fell to their lowest levels in nearly five years, according to figures released this morning by the Bank of England, confirming that the housing 
Roechlings Sell Rheinmetall Stake for \$743 Million, People Say Germany #39;s Roechling family completed the sale of its stake in weapons-maker Rheinmetall AG to institutional investors for 561 million euros (\$743 million), people familiar with the transaction said.
US holiday leaves oil waiting for a lead Singapore - Crude oil futures fell on Monday in muted Asian trade with players hoping for a fresh lead when the US market reopens later after a four-day closure, dealers said.
Kmart, Sears merger could cost area jobs The monster merger between Troy, Mich.-based Kmart Holding Corp. and Hoffman Estates, Ill.-based Sears Roebuck  amp; Co. may have local impact.
Music companies sue Sharman over Kazaa Five record companies are suing Sharman Networks, creator of the file-swapping technology Kazaa, for music piracy in Australia #39;s Federal Court.
Carter left on TE on key play If Andre Carter never makes it as a standout in pass coverage, he will excel as a diplomat. Carter, the 49ers #39; best pure pass rusher, neatly sidestepped the 
Australian labels sue file sharer Australian record companies, including the world's four major labels, are suing the firm behind the Kazaa file-sharing software.
Government 'must reduce spending' Whatever party wins the next general election will have to either cut spending or raise taxes, says the CBI, which wants the former.
US shoppers fail to give thanks to Wal-Mart WAL-MART, the worlds largest retailer, has cut its sales forecast, in the run-up to Christmas, by more than half after suffering a fall in the number of shoppers passing through its doors 
Roechling Sells Its Stake in Rheinmetall Roechling Industrie Verwaltung GmbH said Monday it has sold its majority stake in German defense and industrial group Rheinmetall AG for an undisclosed sum.
Hollywood majors back Toshiba DVD Toshiba said on Monday that four major Hollywood studios had thrown their crucial weight behind High Definition DVD (HD-DVD), one of two disc formats contending to be the standard in next-generation DVDs.
Best antivirus software for 2005 Viruses and worms just keep getting smarter and more devious. While the best defense is not opening e-mail attachments, you still need a solid antivirus program.
Raiders win snow bowl  quot;Dead over the middle, quot; he said. And in he came, all 6-foot-8 and 345 pounds of him, to block a 43-yard Denver field goal attempt with 31 seconds to play, secure a 25-24 victory for the Oakland 
Loftier goal for Eagles Koy Detmer took a knee for the final time, the clock struck 0:00 and the Eagles had won it and done it. They had cut down the Giants 27-6 with a run of 20 straight points 
Romania Vote Marred by Fraud Charges Exit polls in key Romanian elections are showing a likely win for the ruling Social Democrats. But as in Ukraine, the opposition has demanded an investigation into voting irregularities.
As flat-panels oust older TVs, disposal fears arise (USATODAY.com) USATODAY.com - Soaring sales of flat-panel televisions this holiday are expected to spark one of tech's toughest environmental challenges: disposing of millions of old, toxic TVs. Almost 4 million flat-panel TVs are expected to be sold worldwide this year, says researcher DisplaySearch.
Diplomat: Rwanda Troops in Congo (AP) AP - Rwanda has sent thousands of troops into Congo in recent days, a Western diplomat in Congo's capital said Monday, but U.N. officials said they had no evidence of such an incursion.
IBM project puts supercomputer on a chip (SiliconValley.com) SiliconValley.com - IBM today plans to disclose details of a project to put a supercomputer on a chip.
Confirmation Hearings for Rice Pushed Back (Los Angeles Times) Los Angeles Times - At the White House's request, confirmation hearings for Condoleezza Rice as secretary of State will not begin until Congress reconvenes in January, the chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee said.
Germany probes army abuse claims Germany's defence ministry investigates claims of abuse of soldiers by superior officers at a unit in Bavaria.
IBM, Sony to detail 'Cell' PS3 CPU February 2005 Massively parallel, 64-bit POWER-based processor to debut at ISSCC
Automakers Tout Hybrids, Power Rules General Motors Corp., which sells  the gas-gobbling Hummer, urges Americans to "Get Green" on a special Web site and is producing advertising campaigns trumpeting hydrogen fuel and gas-electric hybrid vehicles.
Holiday Shoppers Off to a Fast Start Holiday shoppers spent 10 percent more Friday than they did a year ago, according to early reports, but Wal-Mart Stores Inc. dampened hopes for a strong start to the key retail season by slashing its November sales forecast by more than half.
Bush to Change Economic Team The president wants to tap prominent figures outside the administration to help sell rewrites of Social Security and the tax laws to Congress and the country, White House aides and advisers said over the weekend.
Computer Analysis Is Bringing Science to Art Some computers can beat grandmasters at chess. &lt;br&gt;Others can compose music.
Family Tree Maker 2005 Deluxe; Law   Order: Justice Is Served; WWE Smackdown! Vs. Raw The 12th edition of this genealogy program comes in three editions -- Standard, Deluxe and Collector's -- but the core program is identical in all.
India 'overruns' separatist camps The Indian army says it has overrun scores of camps in a four-week drive against separatists in the north-east.
Australian labels sue file sharer Record labels are suing the firm behind leading file-sharing software Kazaa, in the latest round of the fight over copyright. Sharman Networks, based in Australia but registered in the Pacific island state 
Russian-US Crew Re-Docks Soyuz Spacecraft at ISS After Half-Hour &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The US-Russian crew of the international space station successfully re-docked a spaceship at a new port on the station Monday in preparation for two spacewalks early next year.
UPDATE 3-Aggressive Sehwag leads positive Indian reply Opener Virender Sehwag cracked a rapid unbeaten 82 as India rushed to 129 for one in reply to South Africa #39;s first innings 305 on the day two of the second and final test on Monday.
Official: Fear Factor Adding to Oil Price Saudi Arabia #39;s oil minister Ali Naimi said Monday that the  quot;fear factor quot; over supplies has added \$10 to \$15 a barrel to the price of oil and reiterated that his country is working toward lifting its sustainable oil production capacity.
S Korea bans imports of Matsushita plasma panels South Korea on Monday imposed a temporary import ban on plasma display panels made by Matsushita, the Japanese consumer electronics maker, after LG Electronics complained its rival had violated its intellectual property rights.
Dexia shelves proposed merger with Sanpaolo LONDON, November 29 (newratings.com) - The board of the Franco-Belgian Bank, Dexia (DXB.ETR), has rejected the companys proposed 37 billion merger with Italys Sanpaolo (PAO), following increasing opposition to the proposal by a group of its key 
Toshiba Wins Support for HD DVD from 4 Film Studios Toshiba Corp. said on Monday it had won support for the HD DVD optical disc standard from Warner Bros. Studios, Paramount Pictures, Universal Pictures 
Cell Processor Unveiled Specifically, the companies confirmed that Cell is a multicore chip comprising a 64-bit Power processor core and multiple synergistic processor cores capable of massive floating point processing.
Striking up digital video search com November 29, 2004, 4:00 AM PT. This priority retains its ranking at number five as more and more companies deploy Web services to share business logic, data and processes with each other and with clients.
The Cost of Virus Protection Rises Gasoline and milk aren #39;t the only things that cost more these days. The cost of keeping your antivirus software current has been rising, also.
Diouf charged by FA with improper conduct Bolton striker El Hadji Diouf has been charged with improper conduct following an incident in Saturday #39;s Premier League match against Portsmouth, the Football Association (FA) said on Monday.
Iraq forces kill 17 in  #39;triangle of death #39; Iraqi forces backed by US and British troops killed 17 gunmen and wounded nine others in battles in the so-called  quot;triangle of death quot; south of Baghdad.
Head of British charity expelled from Sudan The Sudanese Government has expelled the head of Save the Children from the country and threatened the director of Oxfam with a similar fate today.
Finnish labour market reform vital to pay for ageing population: OECD (AFP) AFP - The Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development called on Finland in a report to reform its labor market to boost employment, necessary to cope with an ageing population.
Easymobile Closer to  #39;Lean, Low-Cost Service #39; Launch Moves by easyJet founder Stelios Haji-Ioannou to launch a low-cost mobile service were boosted today by an agreement to rent airtime from T-Mobile.
Newcastle 1, Everton 1 (D,Post) DETERMINATION, character and resolve are the usual words reeled off when talk turns to praising David Moyes #39;s latest Goodison revival.
Christmas trees crop up all over TRAVERSE CITY - It may not replace cherries as the region #39;s signature farm crop, but the area #39;s Christmas tree industry is sprucing up all the same.
Virgin plans may clash with govt policy The present policy of not allowing a foreign carrier to hold stake in domestic airlines has put a question mark on Virgin Atlantic chief Richard Branson #39;s plans to acquire equity in private Indian airline companies.
Suicide Bomber Attacks Iraqi Police, Kills 12 (Reuters) Reuters - A suicide car bomber plowed into\policemen waiting to collect their salary at a police station\west of Ramadi Monday, killing 12 people in the latest\insurgent attack on Iraq's beleaguered security forces.
Iran to Escape Censure After Nuclear Cat-And-Mouse (Reuters) Reuters - Iran looked set to avoid being reported\to the United Nations Security Council on Monday after\reaffirming its commitment to a deal meant to reassure the\world it is not trying to build a nuclear bomb.
Sudan expels representatives of two British aid groups (AFP) AFP - The Sudanese government declared the representatives of two British humanitarian organizations persona non-grata and gave them 48 hours to leave the country.
Football: Diouf on spitting charge The FA charges Bolton's El-Hadji Diouf with improper conduct after he spat at Portsmouth's Arjan de Zeeuw.
Strong dollar  #39;to blame #39; TREASURER Peter Costello warned yesterday that exporters faced a challenging year, blaming the strength of the Australian dollar for an uncomfortably large current account deficit.
The Bonus: A Rise in the Number Wall St. Crunches the Most The holiday season has arrived and with it the ultimate in year-end giving, bonus season on Wall Street. Top executives of the leading financial firms are now spending 
Toshiba wins backing for HD-DVD Toshiba has won a major victory in the battle to determine the standard for next-generation DVDs with the endorsement by four Hollywood studios of its High Definition-DVD format.
The Internet Column Beware the web, beware even of known and trusted web sites that you have been visiting for years. For even the most trustworthy of organisations, operating the most trustworthy of web sites 
Cicadas #39; Overall Effect on Trees That appears to be the conclusion of research in this week #39;s issue of Science that assesses the effects of 17-year periodical cicadas on forest ecology.
Blacks Caps stumble early in chase New Zealand was in early trouble during its second innings midway through day four of the second cricket Test against Australia at the Adelaide Oval.
Spain: Madrid and Valencia both win and consolidate their &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; MADRID, Nov 28 (SW) - A few magic minutes early in the second half were enough for Real Madrid to decide their home match against Levante.
Experts debate over whale strandings A MASSIVE rescue operation is under way off the southeast coast of Tasmania after two mysterious strandings of long-finned pilot whales and bottle-nosed dolphins within 
SE Asia Forges Closer Ties with China, Japan, S.Korea &lt;p&gt;\&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; By Ed Cropley&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; VIENTIANE (Reuters) - Leaders of 13 Southeast and Northeast\Asian states Monday underlined their determination to turn\growing economic power into political influence by establishing\a new summit-level grouping.&lt;/p&gt;
Dollar Rests After Sharp Losses (Reuters) Reuters - The dollar held above last week's record\low against the euro and 4-1/2 year lows against the yen\Monday, winning some respite after 10 consecutive weeks of\losses.
Eurostocks Near 28-Month Peak (Reuters) Reuters - European shares flirted with 28-month\highs on Monday, buoyed by a bounce back in auto groups after\their recent trouncing due to the weak dollar.
Stephen B. Shepard to Retire from BusinessWeek; Expected to Lead &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; NEW YORK, Nov. 29 /PRNewswire-FirstCall/ -- After 20 years leading BusinessWeek magazine -- a tenure defined by editorial excellence, circulation growth and global expansion -- Stephen B. Shepard, Editor-in-Chief, will retire effective April 1, 2005.
Stocks Set for Firmer Open; Retail Eyed Stock futures rose sharply on Monday, pointing to a strong open, as investors pinned hopes on a solid start to the holiday shopping season, while the dollar pulled back from record lows and oil eased slightly.
Turnpike turns to temps With smooth holiday travel along its 531 miles of road, the Pennsylvania Turnpike will continue to cycle temporary workers and managers 
Net music swap firm a  #39;pirate #39; A SYDNEY software company painted itself as a defender of the interests of millions of music fans when in fact it was the world #39;s biggest music pirate, a court was told yesterday.
HD-DVD picks up Hollywood support By Martyn Williams, IDG News Service and Paul Kallender, IDG News Service. The group supporting the HD-DVD optical disc format for high-definition video has received a boost in its battle against the rival 
High-tech consortium to challenge Intel #39;s chip dominance IBM, Sony and Toshiba are joining forces to challenge Intel, creating a new computer chip called Cell. The three companies have been working together on Cell since 2001.
Oram relishes the tough Aussie challenge Adelaide: New Zealand all-rounder Jacob Oram said playing in the lopsided series against Australia  quot;leaves for dead quot; thrashing Bangladesh twice in Tests last month.
Real Madrid stays in touch of leader Barcelona in the Spanish &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Four goals in 11 minutes allowed Real Madrid to destroy Bernd Schuster #39;s Levante and win over some frustrated fans as it secured second place in the Spanish league standings.
Sehwag slams 82 in Indian reply CALCUTTA, India - Indian opener Virender Sehwag slammed a sparkling 82 not out to ensure the base for a big total in reply to South Africa #39;s modest score in the second and final Test.
Burger named IRB player of the year Schalk Burger completed a mesmerising season by winning the International Rugby Board (IRB #39;s) Player of the Year in London #39;s Royal Lancaster Hotel last night.
Hope fading for China miners More than a day and a half after a deadly gas explosion ripped through a coal mine in northwest China, rescuers are losing hope of finding 141 people still trapped underground.
Sudan expels British charity head The head of Save the Children in Sudan has been expelled from the country over claims that the charity breached Sudanese law by claiming warplanes dropped bombs near an aid centre in Darfur.
Account deficit blows out to \$13.7 bn MARK COLVIN: It #39;s been a day of records on the economic front, but they #39;re not the sort of achievements the Federal Government likes to trumpet.
No-frills service could see prices drop LONDON (CBS.MW) -- T-Mobile is to act as carrier for a web-based UK mobile phone service set up by Denmark #39;s TDC and the EasyGroup that is to launch in March.
Giants are now playing for next year When Tom Coughlin growled, gritted his teeth and clenched those fists his first day on the job, he vowed these Fasselian free falls were finished.
Rugby: Burger named Player of the Year LONDON : Schalk Burger was named Player of the Year at the International Rugby Board (IRB) awards ceremony as South Africa scooped three awards.
Pampling in lead at Australian Open SYDNEY, Australia -- Australias Rod Pampling got off to a rough start Saturday and finished with a 3-over-par 74, leaving him one stroke ahead of countryman Richard Green entering the last round of the centennial Australian Open.
Chirac loyalist takes finance job Herve Gaymard, farm minister and loyal backer of French President Jacques Chirac, takes over the finance ministry from Nicolas Sarkozy.
Top clubs 'should run UK football' Large football clubs should not be concerned about those struggling at the lower end of the leagues, says Newcastle United chairman Freddy Shepherd.
Update 2: Crude Oil Futures Ease Slightly Crude oil futures eased slightly Monday but remained close to the \$50 a barrel level amid lingering concerns about shortages of heating oil at the start of the Northern Hemisphere winter.
Telekom Austria Plans to Buy Mobiltel for \$1.5 Bln (Update7) Telekom Austria AG plans to buy Bulgaria #39;s largest wireless company, MobilTel EAD, for 1.15 billion euros (\$1.5 billion), adding 3 million subscribers in a nation where less than half the population has a cellular phone.
Martha has a jailhouse flock - nun popular with prisoners and guards who give her  quot;kid-glove quot; treatment, a new report says. In the seven weeks since the diva of 
GDP in Q3 grows 6.3 DESPITE the budget deficit, continued increases in oil and consumer prices, the economy, as measured by gross domestic product, grew by 6.3 percent in the third 
Sony Discloses Details on Computer Chip (AP) AP - Sony Corp. plans to begin selling home servers for broadband and high-definition TV systems powered by a revolutionary new computer chip in 2006, the Japanese electronics and entertainment giant said Monday.
Toshiba Announces the Next-Generation DVD Format Endorsement by &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; TOKYO --(Business Wire)-- Nov. 29, 2004 -- Toshiba Corporation disclosed today that the company has received separate commitments of support from Paramount Pictures, Universal Pictures, New Line Cinema, and Warner Bros.
Sony Discloses Details on Computer Chip Yoshihide Fujii, president and chief executive officer of Tokyoba Digital Media Network Co., speaks during a press conference in Tokyo, Monday, Nov. 29, 2004.
Pirate for genuine XP trade BRITISH owners of pirated copies of Microsoft #39;s Windows XP operating system can trade them in for the real thing as part of a bid by the software giant to fight counterfeiting.
Toshiba Wins Support for HD DVD from 4 Film Studios (Reuters) Reuters - Toshiba Corp. said on Monday it had won\support for the HD DVD optical disc standard from Warner Bros.\Studios, Paramount Pictures, Universal Pictures and New Line\Cinema, advancing its cause in the battle for the\next-generation DVD.
Russia Captures Fed Cup Tennis Title Favored Russia has captured the Fed Cup tennis title for the first time, with a dramatic 3-2 win over defending champion France in Moscow.
Green slams tough courses RICHARD Green is campaigning for a fair go for golfers in a bid to inject more excitement into home tournaments this summer. Green blasted the brutal course set-up for last week #39;s Australian 
Spain fear Bryan brothers in Davis Cup final The United States doubles pairing of Mike and Bob Bryan could pose as big a challenge to Spain #39;s Davis Cup final hopes as world number two Andy Roddick, a Spanish team coach said on Monday.
FA charge Diouf over spitting incident LONDON, Nov 29 (SW) - The English Football Association has confirmed Bolton Wanderers striker El Hadji Diouf had been charged with improper conduct.
Iraqi Red Crescent Sets Up Relief Center (AP) AP - The Iraqi Red Crescent has established a relief center in Fallujah, Iraq, but continued fighting between U.S.-led forces and insurgents makes it impossible for doctors and nurses to move around and treat the wounded, the international Red Cross said Monday.
GPL Could Put Heat on Microsoft (Ziff Davis) Ziff Davis - Efforts under way to revise the popular GNU General Public License could put additional pressure on Microsoft by the time it tries to push its long-awaited Windows upgrades out the door.
Breaking Down the Orange Bowl Match-Up (AP) AP - Southern California and Oklahoma both have a Heisman Trophy winner at quarterback, an All-American tailback and swift defenses that run similar schemes. A look at how the No. 1 Trojans and No. 2 Sooners will match up in the Orange Bowl on Tuesday night:
Eagles to Weigh Playoff Pressure Over Week (AP) AP - The Philadelphia Eagles once again have home field advantage throughout the NFC playoffs. And once again, nothing less than a trip to the Super Bowl will be considered a success.
Report Links Ex-TV Manager, Saddam's Son (AP) AP - A videotape found in Baghdad after the ouster of Saddam Hussein shows a former manager for Al-Jazeera television thanking one of Saddam's sons for his support, the newspaper Asharq al-Awsat says.
Stocks Set to Rise; Retail and Apple Eyed (Reuters) Reuters - Stock futures rose on Monday, pointing\to a firmer open, as investors pinned hopes on a solid start to\the holiday shopping season, while Apple Computer Inc \was helped by another brokerage raising its price target on the\stock.
Asia Faces Living Nightmare from Climate Change (Reuters) Reuters - The weather predictions for Asia in\2050 read like a script from a doomsday movie.
Hillary Opposed to Highway to South Pole (AP) AP - New Zealander Sir Edmund Hillary, the first man to climb Mount Everest and the first to drive a vehicle to the South Pole, described a U.S. highway to the pole as "terrible."
Creative Zen Micro 5GB music player &lt;strong&gt;&lt;cite&gt;Reg&lt;/cite&gt; review&lt;/strong&gt; Mobile phone styling comes to the MP3 world
Screensaver tackles spam websites A screensaver targeting spam-related websites could help drive spammers out of business.
Intelligence Community Looks at Convera Software Software provider Convera Corp. of Vienna was awarded \$800,000 by a CIA-funded private-venture group to expedite the development of its search-and categorization capability.
Company Hopes to Take Outsourcing to a New Level: Africa Many large companies have reaped the economic benefits of outsourcing in recent years. Karim Morsli is trying to make money bringing those same advantages to small and medium-sized businesses -- while also spurring economic growth in Africa.
U.S. Opposes Passport Privacy Protections The Bush administration opposed security measures for new microchip-equipped passports that privacy advocates contended were needed to prevent identity theft, government snooping or a terror attack, according to State Department documents released Friday.
Toshiba Wins Support for HD DVD from 4 Film Studios &lt;p&gt;\&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; By Kiyoshi Takenaka and Nathan Layne&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; TOKYO (Reuters) - Toshiba Corp. said on Monday it had won\support for the HD DVD optical disc standard from Warner Bros.\Studios, Paramount Pictures, Universal Pictures and New Line\Cinema, advancing its cause in the battle for the\next-generation DVD.&lt;/p&gt;
Australia Music Industry Decries Kazaa Lawyers for Australia's recording industry branded the popular Kazaa file-swapping network "an engine of copyright piracy to a degree of magnitude never before seen" as they launched a court battle to shut down Kazaa's illegal activities.
'Ringback' Tones May Be Next Big Thing Ring tones are so yesterday. If wireless companies have their way, the next multibillion-dollar surprise in the cellular business will be "Ringback" tones.
Asteroid named after professor Scientists name an asteroid after the professor responsible for the failed Beagle 2 mission to Mars.
Asian equities higher as dollar claws back Asian equities were higher as the dollar clawed above last week #39;s record low against the euro and firmed against the yen, sending shipping and steel shares higher.
GDP growth likely healthy Despite cautionary words from Bank of Canada Governor David Dodge last week about the impact of the rising dollar, Canadian gross domestic product likely grew at a healthy 3.5 clip in the third quarter due to strong consumer spending.
CELL Prototype Announced By Sony, Toshiba, and IBM In two joint press releases, Sony Corporation, Sony Computer Entertainment Inc., Toshiba, and IBM, have today announced the creation of the prototype CELL processor, which is currently being developed in Austin Texas.
Expedition 10 Relocates Soyuz The Expedition 10 crewmembers successfully relocated a Soyuz spacecraft at the International Space Station this morning, setting the stage for their upcoming spacewalks.
Sony keeps PSP production low, focuses on PS2 Low initial shipment figures for Sony #39;s forthcoming PlayStation Portable are down to a decision to focus on manufacturing the profitable PlayStation 2 hardware, according to a spokesperson for the Japanese giant.
Creative Zen Micro Le Zen Micro te donne la possibilit de choisir ta couleur prfre. Tu prfres le rose au noir ou gris ? Fais ton choix entre toutes les couleurs que le Zen micro peut toffrir.
Microsoft upgrade knocks out 80,000 government PCs Some 80,000 computers at the Department for Work and Pensions went down during  #39;a routine software upgrade #39; of its Microsoft machines this week.
Toffeemen  #39;ecstatic #39; with a point Everton boss David Moyes was full of praise for his hard-working side after Lee Carsley #39;s free-kick goal saw them claim a point from their visit to St James #39; Park yesterday, writes Miles Starforth.
Rugby-Burger named best player as Springboks sweep IRB awards Flanker Schalk Burger was named the International Rugby Board (IRB) #39;s player of the year as South Africa swept the top honours at a ceremony in London.
Middle East ; Iran still striving for centrifuge exemption Middle East News, Iran said yesterday that it was still discussing with Europe on its demand on the exemption of 20 centrifuges from the suspension, sniffing at the prospect of the referral of its nuclear case to the UN Security Council.
Bombing of Kazakh president #39;s office  #39;hooliganism #39; not  #39;terrorism #39; &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Terrorism wasn #39;t involved in a pair of bomb blasts that rocked the pro-presidential party #39;s office in Kazakhstan #39;s commercial capital, police said Monday.
Chile Will Give Pensions to Torture Victims Under Dictatorship Chile #39;s government said that tens of thousands of people were tortured during the dictatorship of Augusto Pinochet and that the victims will receive reparations.
IBM opens on demand tech center Hoping literally to bring users more in touch with its on demand technologies, IBM on Monday announced the opening of a new technology center in Gaithersburg, Md., to help users implement a number of different orchestration and provisioning capabilities.
Sony, IBM, and Toshiba reveal more plans for Cell chip The four companies developing the Cell microprocessor released a few more details about the chip on Monday -- and with them a surprise: first generation versions of the device won't be built on a cutting edge production technology into which the companies have sunk billions of dollars, but on a technology already in widespread use today.
Microsoft and Sun plan Webcast to detail cooperation Those wondering what this year's surprise cooperation deal between Microsoftand Sun Microsystems will actually produce should get an update in coming weeks, when the companies detail some of their interoperability work in areas like Web services, directory services, and security.
Russia welcomes foreign bids for assets of embattled Yukos oil giant (AFP) AFP - Russia said it would welcome Indian and other companies bidding for the assets of Russian oil giant Yukos, the country's biggest oil exporter, due to be sold off later this month.
Satellite failure hits U.S. broadband services The failure of a communications satellite on Sunday has knocked out broadband services supplied by StarBand Communications, according to a statement posted on the company's web site.
Industry group might buy Commerce One patents A move is afoot to form an industry consortium to buy about 40 patents that are among the assets of bankrupt Commerce One.
Shopping Search Week 2004! Shopping has emerged as one of the most important vertical categories in the specialized search arena, for searchers, advertisers and merchants alike.  This week we take a look at what's new and improved in shopping and product comparison search engines.
Tutu and Mbeki in war of words The row between South African President Thabo Mbeki and Archbishop Desmond Tutu worsens.
Reform candidate enters PA race Palestinian democracy activist Mustafa Barghouti joins the race to replace Yasser Arafat as Palestinian president.
First look at PlayStation 3 chip The chip that will power the PlayStation 3 is said to be up to 10 times faster than current processors.
North Carolina Cruises Playing their fifth game in eight days, the Tar Heels get 23 points from Jawad Williams to beat Southern California, 97-65.
Ukraine Supreme Court Opens Hearing Into Vote Fraud Charges As the court met on whether the election results should be nullified, there were two other significant developments.
Is Microsoft creating tomorrow's IE security holes today? &lt;strong&gt;Opinion&lt;/strong&gt; Seeds of disaster
U.N. Agency Welcomes Iran's Nuclear Halt The International Atomic Energy Agency adopted a resolution today welcoming Iran's suspension of its nuclear program but said it would continue to monitor it.
Judge Orders Ex-State Senator Back to Jail A judge ordered former state Sen. Guy Velella and four others to return to jail today, but the defense promised an immediate appeal.
AstraZeneca Gets Added Nexium FDA OK Drug maker AstraZeneca PLC reported Monday that the Food and Drug Administration approved its heartburn medication Nexium for the treatment of gastric ulcers associated with nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs, or NSAIDs.
BellSouth Names Feidler Operating Chief BellSouth Corp. on Monday said Mark Feidler will become chief operating officer on Jan. 1 amid a reshuffling of several higher-level executives.
Dollar Firms as Focus Turns to US Data The dollar gained tentatively on Monday, recovering from last week #39;s record low against the euro and a 4-1/2-year trough against the yen as traders turned their sights to US economic reports due later in the week.
GDP expands 6.5 in Jan-Sept The Philippine economy maintained its solid growth in the first nine months of the year as gross domestic product (GDP) expanded by 6.5 percent, well on track of the governments full-year target.
UnitedHealth to Buy Definity Health UnitedHealth Group Inc. (UNH.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Monday said it would buy Definity Health Corp. for \$300 million, as the No.
Atari names James Caparro president, CEO NEW YORK (Dow Jones/AP) -- Video-game maker Atari Inc. said Monday it named James Caparro president and chief executive officer, effective immediately.
BusinessWeek editor to CUNY Stephen B. Shepard, the longtime editor in chief of BusinessWeek magazine, will retire in April to become the founding dean of the new Graduate School of Journalism at the City University of New York.
EADS plans decision on A350 on December 10: Airbus PARIS : The European Aeronautic Defence and Space Company (EADS) will reach a decision on launching the A350, a possible competitor to Boeing #39;s planned fuel-efficient 7E7, on December 10, a spokeswoman for the European consortium Airbus Industrie said.
RIL Borad justifies superior power to CMD MUMBAI: Reliance on Monday asserted that there was no violation of law or memorandum of association by its Board in according superior power to Chairman and Managing Director Mukesh Ambani.
Univision drops suit against Nielsen NEW YORK -- Spanish-language broadcaster Univision Communications Inc. on Monday said it has dropped its lawsuit against Nielsen Media Research over a new TV rating system Univision claimed miscounts its viewers.
Russia May Repay Up to \$10Bln in Foreign Debt in 2005  Finance &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Russia may allocate up to \$10 billion from its stabilization fund to repay foreign debt, Finance Minister Aleksei Kudrin told reporters at a press conference held in the Russian news agency RIA-Novosti on Monday.
EU Nations Cling to Biotech Bans on Monsanto, Syngenta, Bayer Monsanto Co., Syngenta AG and Bayer AG failed to win wider access to the European Union #39;s biotechnology market when a demand that five nations lift bans on some gene-modified foods allowed elsewhere in the EU was blocked.
Iran Uranium Program Resolution Passed Iran escaped U.N. censure over its nuclear program but Washington, which accuses it of seeking an atomic bomb, said on Monday it reserved the right to take the case to the Security Council on its own.
Sudan Expels Head of Britain Aid Agency Sudan expelled the country director of Save the Children, accusing the British aid agency of breaching Sudanese law and interfering in domestic affairs, the Humanitarian Affairs Ministry and the agency said on Monday.
NFL Wrap: McNabb Leads Eagles to Fourth East Title  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Donovan McNabb passed for one  touchdown and rushed for another as the Philadelphia Eagles won  their fourth straight division title with a 27-6 win over the  New York Giants in the NFL Sunday.
Kazaa offering free Internet-based calls Free Internet-based phone calls are the newest feature of the popular Kazaa file-sharing program. The offering, in a software upgrade this week, comes as Kazaa #39;s maker, Sharman 
Toshiba wins 4 Hollywood studios #39; support for HD DVD format TOKYO, Nov 29, 2004 (Kyodo via COMTEX) -- Toshiba Corp. said Monday it has won support from four US film studios for its next-generation DVD format called HD DVD.
Sony, Toshiba and IBM prepare to reveal Cell details The three partners involved in the development of the Cell processor, which will power the PlayStation 3 along with a number of other devices, have unveiled new details about the technology behind the chip.
Who #39;s Using Firefox? The Firefox Web browser has been causing a commotion among users and snaring snippets of market share from Microsoft #39;s Internet Explorer since June--long before Version 1.0 of the open-source software was officially released earlier this month.
ISS Crew Successfully Redocks Soyuz Spacecraft The tenth crew of the International Space Station (ISS) made a short spaceflight early Monday to move a Russian lifeboat to a new docking port and prepare the station for a pair of upcoming spacewalks.
Scientists Study Effects of High-Flow Test on Grand Canyon The Department of the Interior #39;s US Geological Survey is collaborating with partner agencies to conduct scientific experiments designed to evaluate the effect of a high-flow release from Glen Canyon Dam on the natural resources of the Colorado River in 
Apple deepens Sony #39;s woes as iPod takes off Juliana Sasaki did not bother checking out Sony Corp #39;s digital music player in Tokyo before buying her green iPod mini.  quot;I knew Sony and other companies had MP3 players, but 
First Optical Discs with Play Side Messaging MediaCoat unlocks the potential for placing targeted advertising messages that are certain to be noticed on the play side of motion picture, music, gaming and software discs.
WS-Reliability middleware released as open source Three proponents of the WS-Reliability standard late last week released messaging software based on the specification as open source.
Capello Applauds Vieri Fabio Capello was disappointed at the end of the 2-2 draw at San Siro against Inter as the Bianconeri threw away a two goal lead. The Juve coach was mostly upset with the way the Nerazzurri equalized in the 
Cracknell to take a break from rowing Double Olympic rowing champion James Cracknell is to take a year out of the sport but hopes to return to compete at the Beijing Olympics in 2008.
Coughlin Not Pleased With Manning #39;s Progress New York Giants Coach Tom Coughlin isn #39;t coddling his prized rookie quarterback. After Eli Manning completed only six of 21 passes and threw two interceptions in Sunday #39;s 
Online sellers given fraud alert People selling items over the internet or through newspaper adverts are warned of a sophisticated fraudulent payment scam.
Packers face Rams in Monday nighter GREEN BAY, Wisconsin (Ticker) -- Brett Favre will be hoping his 200th consecutive start turns out better than his last two have against the St.
NBA Wrap: Wade, O'Neal Lead Heat to 10th Win of Season  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Dwayne Wade scored 25 points and  Shaquille O'Neal tied a franchise record by making all nine of  the shots he attempted as the Heat edged the Boston Celtics  106-104 in Miami Sunday.
EADS Board Still Mulling New Airbus Jet The board of European Aeronautic Defence and Space Co. met Monday to consider plans to launch a new Airbus passenger jet that would rival Boeing Co.
Waste management firms BFI Canada, IESI announce \$1.1 billion &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; TORONTO (CP) - BFI Canada Income Fund and IESI Corp. of Fort Worth, Tex., say they have agreed to a \$1.1-billion merger that will give IESI shareholders a 39 per cent stake in one of North America #39;s largest non-hazardous solid waste management companies.
Red Sox Grab SI's Sportsman of the Year Honor  NEW YORK, (Sports Network) - The Boston Red Sox, who ended  an 86-year-old "curse" by winning the World Series in a  four-game sweep of the St. Louis Cardinals, have been named  Sports Illustrated's 2004 Sportsmen of the Year.
Iran Flip-Flopping on Nuclear Agreement The West is trying to bully Iran into giving up its nuclear program, Iran #39;s supreme leader said on Monday. Tehran once again appeared to be flip-flopping on its agreement 
Asean signs historic deal with China The Asean group of south-east Asian states sealed a historic trade pact with China today in the latest move towards a pan-Asian trade bloc that could rival the EU and the US.
Sri Lanka mulls Tiger threat to return to war Colombo: Sri Lanka #39;s president and top aides were Monday studying the latest Tamil Tiger threat to return to their protracted war amid mounting tension in embattled regions, officials said.
Nairobi Summit Urges More Progress to Ban Land Mines An international summit to assess how countries are complying with a convention banning land-mine use, production, stockpiling, and transfer is underway in Nairobi.
Alpine Skiing: Super-G Win Puts Miller in Exclusive Club  LAKE LOUISE, Alberta (Reuters) - American Bode Miller  blitzed to victory in a World Cup super-G on Sunday, completing  a weekend of career firsts to earn a place among Alpine  skiing's all-time greats.
Bears Set to Sign QB Jeff George  CHICAGO, (Sports Network) - The Chicago Bears are expected  to sign quarterback Jeff George on Monday.
Sony, IBM, Toshiba Give Details of 'Cell' Chip  TOKYO (Reuters) - IBM &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=IBM.N qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;IBM.N&lt;/A&gt;, Sony Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=6758.T qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;6758.T&lt;/A&gt; and  Toshiba Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=6502.T qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;6502.T&lt;/A&gt; on Monday unveiled some key details on  the powerful new "Cell" processor the three are jointly  producing to run next-generation computers, game consoles and  TVs.
International Space Station Status Report: SS04-042 WASHINGTON, Nov. 29 /PRNewswire/ -- The Expedition 10 crewmembers are back inside the International Space Station after taking a short ride this morning.
Injury Forces Emmitt Out of Arizona Game  TEMPE, Ariz., (Sports Network) - Arizona Cardinals running  back Emmitt Smith left Sunday's 13-3 loss to the New York Jets  in the first half with a sprained ankle.
Toshiba Wins Support for HD DVD from 4 Film Studios  TOKYO (Reuters) - Toshiba Corp. said on Monday it had won  support for the HD DVD optical disc standard from Warner Bros.  Studios, Paramount Pictures, Universal Pictures and New Line  Cinema, advancing its cause in the battle for the  next-generation DVD.
Asean must fast-track integration Two of Southeast Asias newest leaders called for faster economic integration at an annual meeting Sunday, saying the region risked being trampled by China and India if it did not act.
Swiss Referendum Allows Stem Cell Research A Swiss referendum to cancel the law on root cell use taken from human embryo, resulted. The 66 percent of Swiss participants in a public survey said they supported a law passed by the Swiss government in 
Video Games Teach More Than Hand-Eye Coordination  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Video games, often maligned as  having little or no redeeming value, are becoming a way for  firefighters, soldiers, currency traders and college  administrators to hone their skills.
Fighting Games Deliver Knocks for the Holidays  PROVIDENCE, R.I. (Reuters) - Just as it's time to deck the  halls, along comes a new crop of fighting games for people who  love to deck the brawlers.
Firm Intros Text-Friendly Coat for 2-Sided Discs  NEW YORK (Billboard) - DualDisc and DVD(plus) discs have  until now been devoid of graphics, apart from limited text on  the inner ring. Because both sides of these CD/DVD hybrids  contain optical data, it has been impossible to apply graphics  to them.
Sony Unprepared for Flat TV Demand  LONDON (Reuters) - Sony, the world's largest  consumer-electronics group, is having trouble meeting soaring  demand for flat televisions as its assembly lines did not gear  up quickly enough, a senior official said on Friday.
Chip Sales Rise 1.5 Pct in October from September    NEW YORK (Reuters) - Worldwide semiconductor sales rose a  scant 1.5 percent in October, to \$18.8 billion from \$18.5  billion in September, as many chip users pared bloated  inventories, the Semiconductor Industry Association said on  Friday.
After a Decade, Philips Makes PCs Again  AMSTERDAM (Reuters) - After an absence of a decade, Philips  Electronics is making personal computers again, the company  said on Thursday.  The Netherlands-based electronics  conglomerate, which abandoned the PC business in the early  1990s after suffering big losses, quietly introduced six models  together with British retailer Dixons earlier this week.
Canon Problems Ease Fears of LCD Glut  TOKYO/SEOUL (Reuters) - Japan's Canon Inc. said on Thursday  it had found problems with equipment for making liquid crystal  displays (LCDs), boosting shares in LG.Philips and other LCD  makers as fears of a supply glut eased.
Nintendo Operating Profit Up 39 Percent  TOKYO (Reuters) - Japanese video game maker Nintendo Co.  Ltd. reported a 39.1 percent rise in operating profit for the  first half on Thursday and raised its sales target for a new,  keenly awaited portable game player.
Bush Picks Kellogg #39;s Gutierrez as US Commerce Chief (Update1) President George W. Bush picked Carlos Gutierrez, who rose from being a political refugee from Cuba to chairman and chief executive of Kellogg Co.
Black Friday pushes market into green Stock arrows point higher as retail sales Friday total more than \$8 billion. But Wal-Mart #39;s November sales stumble. After listless holiday trading last week, buyers are back in force this morning.
Economy grows by 6.3 Editor #39;s Note: Published on page A1 of the Nov. 30, 2004 issue of the Philippine Daily Inquirer. BEATING most forecasts, the economy -- as measured by the gross domestic product (GDP), the 
BFI Canada in \$1.1B waste management merger TORONTO - BFI Canada Income Fund of Toronto and IESI Corporation of Fort Worth, Texas have agreed to a \$1.1-billion deal to merge and create one of the largest non-hazardous solid waste management companies in North America.
Coast to Coast, Different Views From the Top Technology's financial future looks pretty bright from the top floors of the Time Warner Center at Columbus Circle in New York City, significantly more so than from the Intel executive suite in Santa Clara. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-washingtonpost.com&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Universal Pictures to adopt HD-DVD format MANHASSET, NY - Proponents of HD-DVD gained an ally Monday (Nov. 29), as film studio Universal Pictures announced it has adopted the format, with select titles available to consumers during the 2005 holiday season.
Cell to Drive PS3 Sony and IBM are expected to start producing the Cell, a 4GHz chip the two companies have been working together on for the past three years.
Liverpool 2 - 1 Arsenal .: 1000 #39;s of Liverpool fans have joined the best unofficial Liverpool FC website on the planet - why dont you? Neil Mellor scored with a blistering finish deep in injury time as Liverpool stunned Arsenal at Anfield.
Rogers to buy SkyDome The 50,000-seat domed stadium opened in 1989 with a price tag of \$600 million, mostly funded by taxpayers. Rogers Communications announced the purchase from US-based Sportsco International in a news release Monday.
Intelsat Satellite Loss Threatens Sale &lt;p&gt;\&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; PHILADELPHIA (Reuters) - A planned \$3.1 billion takeover of\satellite operator Intelsat Ltd. appears in jeopardy after an\electrical problem ruined one of the company's satellites.&lt;/p&gt;
Cracknell to take a year out James Cracknell, the double Olympic gold medal winning rower, confirmed today that he will take a year #39;s break the sport before deciding his long-term future.
InfoWorld Announces 2005 Technology of the Year Awards Apple Xserve G5 won InfoWorld #146;s  #147;Best Server Hardware #148; award and Mac OS X v10.3 Panther won the  #147;Best Operating System #148; award. Jan 03
Wal-Mart Falls 3 Pct on Forecast Cut  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Wal-Mart Stores Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=WMT.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;WMT.N&lt;/A&gt; shares  fell 3 percent early Monday after the world's biggest retailer  cut its November sales forecast, casting a shadow over hopes  for a bumper holiday shopping season.
Pakistan test-fires ballistic missile Ghaznavi RAWALPINDI: Pakistan Monday carried out a succes sful test fire of its indigenously developed short range surface to surface ballistic missile Hatf-III Ghaznavi.
Hamas leader signals it has halted attacks on Israelis A senior Hamas leader indicated today that the militant group is halting attacks on Israelis while the Palestinians prepare to choose a new leader, the latest sign of change following the death of Yasser Arafat.
Archbishop of Canterbury Asks Anglicans not to Condemn Homosexuals The Archbishop of Canterbury has asked conservative members of the Anglican Church not to belittle or harass homosexuals, a British newspaper reported Sunday.
Dollar Firms as Focus Turns to U.S. Data  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The dollar gained tentatively on  Monday, recovering from last week's record low against the euro  and a 4-1/2-year trough against the yen as traders turned their  sights to U.S. economic reports due later in the week.
Merck Adopts Key Managers Benefits Plan  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Merck   Co. Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MRK.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;MRK.N&lt;/A&gt;, whose shares  have tumbled since the withdrawal of its blockbuster arthritis  drug Vioxx, said on Monday it has adopted a severance benefits  plan aimed at protecting key managers in the event the company  is taken over or liquidated.
UnitedHealth to Buy Definity Health  CHICAGO (Reuters) - UnitedHealth Group Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=UNH.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;UNH.N&lt;/A&gt; on  Monday said it would buy Definity Health Corp. for \$300  million, as the No. 1 U.S. health insurer seeks to offer more  health savings accounts, which give consumers incentives to  rein in health costs.
Airbus Enroute to Challenge Boeing's 7E7  MUNICH (Reuters) - Plane maker Airbus got tentative  approval on Monday to market a new model to rival Boeing Co.'s  7E7 from parent firm EADS, which said a final decision was  expected next month.
Blue Chips Extend Losses, Wal-Mart Weighs  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Blue-chip stocks extended losses on  Monday as a disappointing start to holiday sales from the  world's largest retailer Wal-Mart Stores Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=WMT.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;WMT.N&lt;/A&gt; weighed  on sentiment.
Planemaker Airbus Clears Another Hurdle Airbus got tentative approval on Monday to market a new model to rival Boeing Co. #39;s 7E7 from parent firm EADS, which said a final decision was expected next month.
Investors tell Vietnam to do more The level of foreign investment in Vietnam is rising but foreign donors say the country's government needs to tackle corruption and improve infrastructure.
Essbase 7X brings interactive BI to BPM For some 30 years, companies have envisioned arming executives with sets of diverse tools to easily define business objectives and view their ongoing progress. Companies pursuing this vision, now commonly known as BPM, can cobble together homemade solutions or lean on a single vendor, such as Hyperion, which has strengthened a key building block of its overall BPM solution.
Atari Appoints James Caparro President and Chief Executive Officer Atari has appointed entertainment industry veteran James Caparro President and Chief Executive Officer, effective immediately, it was announced today by Bruno Bonnell, Chairman and Chief Creative Officer of the Company.
BFI Canada to Acquire IESI to Expand in US South (Update1) BFI Canada Income Fund, which owns a Canadian trash hauler, agreed to buy closely held IESI Corp. of Texas for C\$1.1 billion (\$930.3 million) in equity and debt to expand in the US South and Northeast.
Sony, Partners Offer Glimpse Of New  quot;Cell quot; Chip IBM, Sony Corp., Sony Computer Entertainment, and Toshiba Corp. said Monday that the companies had  quot;powered on quot; the first workstation designed around the collaboratively-designed  quot;Cell quot; processor, which will begin pilot production next year.
Bhopal survivors still short on medical treatment and compo The failure of the Indian Government and an American corporation to tackle the after-effects of one of the worst industrial accidents in history has left a legacy of continuing pollution 
Anglican Head Warns Against Homophobia Provoked by the rising rate of hate crimes against homosexuals in England, the Archbishop of Canterbury issued a 4 page letter warning the Anglican world against the language of hatred to gays.
Gibbs to Look at Offense Coach Joe Gibbs says he thoroughly evaluate the Redskins, particularly an offense that finished among the league's worst, now that the season is over for Washington.
Satellite Failure Hits Broadband Users StarBand is hoping to provide temporary dial-up access to affected customers.
Bush taps Carlos Gutierrez to replace Evans WASHINGTON (CBS.MW) -- President Bush announced Monday that Kellogg chief executive Carlos Gutierrez would replace Don Evans as Commerce secretary, naming the first of many expected changes to his economic team.
AstraZeneca #39;s Nexium Gets US Approval for New Use (Update1) AstraZeneca Plc, the UK #39;s second largest drugmaker, said US regulators approved its ulcer treatment Nexium for use in reducing the risk of stomach ulcers in patients taking certain painkillers 
GMail Fighting Spam with Oomph! GMail Fighting Spam with Oomph!\\GMail is already the seventh largest (1 month back) email service with roughly a million users. As and when it goes public, signups will increase exponentially. It will probably relegate Yahoo! Mail to the third spot and occupy the second spot by November next year (with ...
Yahoo Update or Changes do to Clusters Yahoo Update or Changes do to Clusters\\There is a thread at WebmasterWorld named Yahoo Update? where members have noticed major shifts in Yahoo's search results pages for competitive keywords. GetBot in message number four says that he has been watching Yahoo! Search and noticed that Yahoo! has been serving up ...
IBM, Sony Debut Cell Workstation Sony and IBM have introduced the first workstation based on the Cell processor, which they jointly developed in partnership with Toshiba.
Saturn Pictures Seen from Near and Far - Saturn Pictures from &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; As Saturn grows closer through the eyes of the Cassini spacecraft, which is hurtling toward a rendezvous with the ringed world on June 30 (July 1, Universal Time), both Cassini and the Earth-orbiting Hubble Space Telescope snapped spectacular pictures of 
MSN Improves Search with Rosette Linguistic Analysis MSN Improves Search with Rosette Linguistic Analysis\\Found by way of a WebmasterWorld featured post, an article named Basis Technology Enhances Multilingual Search in MSN Search Engine. An other, more detailed article on this can be found at Yahoo! News, which is basically a copy of the offical press release.\\The Rosette ...
Myskina Wins Three to Edge France for Fed Cup Victory In what many expected to be a 5-0 whitewash for the Russians, the Fed Cup finale came down to the final doubles match Sunday in Moscow, with Anastasia Myskina and Vera  quot;The Crying Game quot; Zvonareva edging Marion  quot;Roly Poly quot; Bartoli and Emilie Loit 7-6(5), 7 
PACKERS: Favre #39;s historic streak  #39;incomprehensible #39; GREEN BAY - As he makes his unheard-of 200th consecutive regular-season start at quarterback tonight, Brett Favre is thankful his father, Irvin, taught him everything he knew about playing the position back at Hancock North Central High School in Kiln 
Seattle SuperSonics Team Report - November 29 (Sports Network) - Rashard Lewis scored 22 points to lead the Seattle SuperSonics to a 103-95 win over the Indiana Pacers at KeyArena.
Yahoos New Front Page and Shortcuts Yahoo's New Front Page and Shortcuts\\I know this kinda stuff has to happen, but it makes me very sad. Yahoo has a new front page. Go look at it. It's at http://www.yahoo.com. See anything odd about the page? The odd thing I see is that the pointer to the directory ...
Columnists: Seeds of Disaster Internet Explorer's problems can be traced to Microsoft's shortsightedness during the browser wars of the 1990s. Is the company sowing tomorrow's security woes today?\
Sony, IBM and Toshiba reveal more Cell chip plans The four companies developing the Cell consumer electronics microprocessor have released first generation versions of a device not built on technology already in widespread use today.
AMD unveils chip for portable video players Advanced Micro Devices(AMD) has developed a low-power chip that it thinks will make portable video players more compelling by reducing the time needed to transfer content to the devices. The company is expected to announce the chip at the International Consumer Electronics Show (CES) Monday.
Take part in your very own DDoS attack Lycos Europe has started to offer a controversial screensaver that floods spammers #39; servers with requests for info, similar to a distributed denial of service (DDoS) attack.
Dollar Firms as Focus Turns to U.S. Data  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The dollar firmed slightly  against  the euro on Monday, recovering from last week's record low and  a 4-1/2-year trough against the yen as traders turned their  sights to economic data due later in the week.
Bush Picks Kellogg CEO for Commerce Post President Bush, left, announces that he has chosen Carlos Gutierrez, chief executive officer of the Kellogg Co., right, to be Secretary of Commerce, Monday, Nov. 29, 2004, in the Roosevelt Room of the White House.
Rising euro puts ECB in a fix FRANKFURT : As the euro continued to rise against the dollar, speculation intensified over whether the European Central Bank, meeting this week to set interest rates, would feel compelled to act either by intervening directly on the forex markets or by 
Fonterra slates National Foods Takeover target National Foods came in for a stinging attack yesterday from Fonterra strategy director Graham Stuart. In an aggressive move aimed at lowering market expectations of what Fonterra 
Cuba Releases at Least Four Dissidents (AP) AP - At least four of 75 Cuban dissidents arrested in a broad crackdown last year were released Monday without warning, friends, relatives and local rights activists said. The surprise move raised hopes for additional releases in the coming days.
December 13 Titan Flyby Prelude to Landing The countdown is underway for the next flyby of the Saturian moon Titan for Monday, December 13, 2004 by the Cassini spacecraft expected to yield more detailed imaging 
NHL season nearing point of no return: Dryden CHARLOTTETOWN -- He #39;s long since traded his pads for politics. But, that doesn #39;t mean Ken Dryden has lost his love of the game.
Bush Picks Kellogg CEO for Commerce Post (AP) AP - President Bush on Monday chose Carlos Gutierrez, a native of Cuba who rose from truck driver to chief executive officer of Kellogg Co., to be secretary of Commerce.
Jordan #39;s crown prince loses title: King Abdullahs son now seen &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The 10-year-old son of King Abdullah II now stands as the legitimate heir to the Jordanian throne, after the monarch stripped his half-brother of the title of crown prince.
Edwards to End Term With Farewell Tour (AP) AP - Democrat John Edwards is pondering his future as his tenure as a North Carolina senator winds down, but says even his campaign for vice president fit his view of public service.
Column: Singh Poised for Overdue Players' Accolade  LONDON (Reuters) - Just over 12 months ago, Vijay Singh  controversially lost out to Tiger Woods in the battle for the  2003 PGA Tour players' player-of-the-year award.
Sudan Threatens to Expel Two UK Aid Agency Heads  KHARTOUM, Sudan (Reuters) - Sudan asked the country heads  of two British aid agencies to leave the country, accusing them  of breaching Sudanese law and interfering in domestic affairs,  government and aid officials said Monday.
France Opens Judicial Inquiry Into Holocaust Doubter  PARIS (Reuters) - French prosecutors said Monday they were  opening a judicial investigation into comments by a leading  far-right politician who questioned whether the Nazis used gas  chambers in the Holocaust.
Stocks fall sharply, quickly A disappointing holiday sales forecast from Wal-Mart is dragging on blue chips, while Apple Computer is a bright light on Wall Street.
Merck Execs Protected in Case of Takeover Merck  amp; Co. Inc. has adopted a severance benefits plan aimed at protecting key managers in the event the company is taken over -- a growing possibility since the withdrawal of arthritis drug Vioxx sent shares tumbling.
Royal Group Removes Chairman De Zen, Names New Chief (Update2) Royal Group Technologies Ltd. fired Chairman Vic De Zen, the target of a police probe, and Chief Executive Douglas Dunsmuir after finding they failed to disclose their interest in a parcel of land sold to the company in 1998.
Universal Pictures backs HD-DVD  quot;Toshiba Corp. said in a statement today it has received separate commitments of support not only from Universal, but also from Paramount Pictures, New Line Cinema, and Warner Bros.
SCO Web site hack mocks company #39;s legal claims NOVEMBER 29, 2004 (IDG NEWS SERVICE) - Malicious hackers have compromised The SCO Group Inc. #39;s Web page twice in as many days, posting messages that appear to mock the company #39;s claims to own parts of the Linux operating system.
Quake Shakes Mount St. Helens Scientists hoped good weather yesterday and today would allow them to get a better look at the volcano. A flurry of small earthquakes beginning in late September were followed by a burst of steam and ash on 
Bison overkill theory maybe debunked by DNA Big game hunters may be off the hook in the latest twist of a prehistoric whodunit that tries to explain why bison populations sharply crashed thousands of years ago.
Pompey plan to set record straight LONDON, England -- Portsmouth chairman Milan Mandaric and former manager Harry Redknapp have called a clear-the-air news conference at the Premiership club on Tuesday.
Blue Jays buy SkyDome com. The phrase  quot;buyer beware quot; has yielded to  quot;lease, be gone. quot; The Blue Jays announced on Monday that they had acquired their home field -- SkyDome -- from Sportsco International.
Fictional Billionaires (Forbes.com) Forbes.com - Mickey Mouse may be 75, but age hasn't put a damper on his earning power. Last year Mickey and Disney pals Minnie, Donald, Daisy, Pluto and Goofy grossed  #36;5.8 billion from toys, movies and the like. That's 23 more than the year before, when Disney's Winnie the Pooh topped the list. Why the mouse's rebound? Credit hoopla and new products--including adult apparel--tied to Mickey's milestone birthday last year. For more details, stories and methodology, go to forbes.com/extra.
Loss of Intelsat Satellite Threatens \$3.1 Bln Deal  PHILADELPHIA (Reuters) - The planned \$3.1 billion takeover  of satellite operator Intelsat Ltd. could be in jeopardy after  an electrical problem ruined one of the company's satellites on  Sunday.
Cereal chief gets US commerce job The chairman of food giant Kellogg, Cuban-born Carlos Gutierrez, is named new US Commerce Secretary.
Christmas spending 'set to rise' Warnings of a poor Christmas for High Street retailers in the UK are unduly pessimistic, according to accountants Deloitte  Touche.
Retailers Seen Posting Modest Nov. Sales (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. retailers are expected to post\modest November sales this week, with No. 1 retailer Wal-Mart\Stores Inc.  already cutting its holiday outlook on high\oil prices and warmer weather.
Retailers Seen Posting Modest Nov. Sales  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. retailers are expected to post  modest November sales this week, with No. 1 retailer Wal-Mart  Stores Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=WMT.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;WMT.N&lt;/A&gt; already cutting its holiday outlook on high  oil prices and warmer weather.
Ukraine crisis 'sparks bank rout' Worries over the political situation have sparked a run on Ukraine's banks, the country's central bank admits.
Kellogg appoints Jenness CEO after Gutierrez resigns to join &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Kellogg Co. on Monday announced the appointment of James M. Jenness as chairman and chief executive, following the resignation of Carlos Gutierrez to take the post of US Commerce Secretary.
Retailers have modest start to holiday shopping The holiday shopping season began with a surge in spending, but consumers faded by the end of the long Thanksgiving weekend and many retailers were facing decent but hardly impressive sales.
Update 2: Euro #39;s Eclipse of Dollar Is  #39;Unwelcome #39; The euro #39;s growing strength against the US dollar is  quot;unwelcome, quot; the European Central Bank chief said Monday as the 12-nation European currency hovered just below a record high.
Dollar worries prompt Wall Street selloff Fears of a falling US dollar pushed stocks lower Monday as investor concerns about rising inflation outweighed their satisfaction with a decent start to the holiday shopping season.
Hollywood Backs Toshiba on DVD Format (AP) AP - Japanese electronics maker Toshiba Corp. is getting support from four Hollywood studios for its next-generation DVD format which is expected to be used in players, recorders and other products that go on the market late in 2005.
Sirius to Air Men's NCCA Tournament (AP) AP - Sirius Satellite Radio signed a deal to air the men's NCAA basketball tournament through 2007, the latest move made in an attempt to draw customers through sports programming.
Kazaa Offering Free Internet-Based Calls (AP) AP - Free Internet-based phone calls are the newest feature of the popular Kazaa file-sharing program.
Universal Pictures Backs HD DVD Universal said HD DVD can deliver enhanced picture and sound quality, greater storage capacity and increased interactivity. An additional benefit is backwards compatibility, allowing existing 
Tech Trio Share Cell Processor Details IBM, Sony, and Toshiba dropped some details on the co-developed next generation processor, code-named Cell, which was first announced in 2001.
SCO Group Web Site Attacked Again Pages were defaced with text that erroneously implied that SCO would sue Microsoft for intellectual-property theft. By George V. Hulme.
Recording Industry, Kazaa Square Off (AP) AP - Lawyers for Australia's recording industry branded the popular Kazaa computer file-swapping network "an engine of copyright piracy to a degree of magnitude never before seen" as they launched a court battle Monday to shut down its activities.
Team spends \$21.24 million for SkyDome TORONTO -- The Toronto Blue Jays agreed to buy SkyDome, the team #39;s ballpark, for about \$21.24 million. The 50,000-seat stadium, which opened in 1989, cost about \$375 million to construct and was mostly funded by taxpayers.
Good Reward for McGaughey in Hollywood Derby Shug McGaughey hadn #39;t sent a horse to California for 11 years, since the fall Lure won the Breeders #39; Cup Mile at Santa Anita.
Satellite Failure Hits Broadband Users (PC World) PC World - StarBand is hoping to provide temporary dial-up access to affected customers.
Powerful quake injures 17 as Japan waits for the big one (AFP) AFP - A powerful earthquake measuring 7.1 on the Richter scale injured 17 people in northern Japan in a new sign of seismic activity a month after the country's deadliest tremor in a decade.
Easy Group signs up with T-Mobile (FT.com) FT.com - Easy Group on Monday confirmed that it has signed a deal with T-Mobile to offer mobile services in the UK as it targets a formal launch of EasyMobile in March next year.
BCS Standings Unchanged With Auburn No. 3 (AP) AP - Auburn needs an upset. The Tigers are still stuck behind first-place Southern California and second-place Oklahoma in the Bowl Championship Series standings, heading into the final weekend before the national title game is decided.
Amnesty Int #39;l: Bhopal Gas Leak Victims Still Suffer 20 Years Later Amnesty International says tens of thousands people still suffer appalling illnesses from one of the world #39;s worst industrial disasters that struck the central Indian city of Bhopal 20 years ago.
Study: Scurvy Hit Early N. American French Colony (Reuters) Reuters - Scurvy wiped out nearly half of the\colonists who established one of the first French settlements\in North America 400 years ago, scientists confirmed on Monday.
Europe's Tug-Of-War on GMO Crops Rages On (Reuters) Reuters - UK scientists pronounced some\genetically modified (GMO) crops harmless Monday but European\Union experts demurred, declining to approve another new GMO\product for the eighth time in a row.
Post Office Gearing Up for Holiday Rush (AP) AP - The Postal Service expects to handle 20 billion pieces of mail between Thanksgiving and Christmas, up slightly from last year, the agency said Monday.
Major UK Study Sees Little Harm in GMO Crops (Reuters) Reuters - A controversy over genetically modified\(GMO) crops brewed in Britain Monday after a major government\and industry-backed study found no evidence they harmed the\environment.
Suicide Bomber Kills 12 in Attack on Iraqi Police  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - A suicide car bomber plowed into  policemen waiting to collect their salaries at a police station  west of Ramadi Monday, killing 12 people in the latest  insurgent attack on Iraq's beleaguered security forces.  At least 10 people were wounded in the blast, and 90 percent of  the casualties were policemen, said Nazar al-Hiti, a doctor in  the town of Hit around 125 miles west of Baghdad, where the  dead and wounded were taken.
Marines Aided by Robotic Airplane in Iraq (AP) AP - A robotic airplane called ScanEagle has done more than 1,000 hours of intelligence and reconnaissance work for the Marines in Iraq, its developers said.
Sophisticated Radar System Protects Bush (AP) AP - The reason Brown International got into the business of guarding the president with a sophisticated radar command center is really quite simple, its officers say. Repairing televisions just wasn't paying enough.
U.S.-Russian Crew Re-Docks Spaceship (AP) AP - The U.S.-Russian crew of the international space station successfully re-docked a spaceship at a new port on the station Monday in preparation for two spacewalks early next year, Mission Control said.
It is a perfect time to be with Renault: Giancarlo Fisichella After his first test last week in Barcelona, Giancarlo Fisichella sat down to share his thoughts about his progress so far, and his first impressions of the Renault team.
Nobel winner in degree protest "Buckyball" pioneer Sir Harry Kroto slams a UK University's plans to close its chemistry department. 
Bush nominates Kellogg #39;s CEO for commerce WASHINGTON - President Bush on Monday nominated Carlos Gutierrez, a native of Cuba and now the chief executive officer of Kellogg Co.
A glimpse of the Cell processor IBM and Sony powered-on the much hyped  quot;Cell quot;-processor and used the opportunity to provide a few details about the chip.
Toshiba Dreams of Hollywood Toshiba is getting support from four Hollywood studios for its next-generation DVD format which is expected to be used in players, recorders and other products that go on the market late in 2005.
Celtics lose fourth straight The Celtics come close again -- but ultimately lose 106-to-104 to the Miami Heat Sunday night. Paul Pierce missed one of two free throws with five seconds left that would have tied it for Boston, which lost its fourth straight.
SCO Web site hack mocks company's legal claims Malicious hackers have compromised The SCO Group's Web page twice in as many days, posting messages that appear to mock the company's claims to own parts of the Linux operating system.
Crude oil futures flat; Saudis look to raise capacity LONDON (CBS.MW) -- The benchmark New York crude contract was little changed at \$49.44 a barrel early Monday after the Saudi Oil Minister Ali Al-Nuaimi said the country will raise production capacity to 12.5 million barrels per day within a few years from 
Studios Support Toshiba #39;s DVD Format Four major motion picture studios will support the HD DVD videodisk format. New Line Cinema, Paramount, Universal and Warner Bros.
Firefox Registers Usage Gains, Though IE Remains Dominant NOVEMBER 29, 2004 (COMPUTERWORLD) - The open-source Firefox Web browser may be making inroads on Internet Explorer with some users, but Microsoft Corp.
Nintendo, Sony game for gaming war The holiday shopping season is set to be a shoot- #39;em-up round in the video game industry, as its top players Nintendo and Sony go head to head by launching new and advanced hand-held machines.
Toronto Blue Jays to Buy SkyDome for \$21 Million The Toronto Blue Jays baseball team will buy their home stadium, the SkyDome, from closely held Sportsco International for C\$25 million (\$21 million), team owner Rogers Communications Inc.
USC strengthens BCS No. 1 hold; Oklahoma still No. 2 Philadelphia, PA (Sports Network) - Southern California and Oklahoma are still the top teams in the Bowl Championship Series standings, while Auburn remained third and on the outside looking in at the national championship game with one week remaining in 
Woolmer hopes to spring a surprise A youthful Pakistan cricket squad arrived in Perth Monday night bristling with confidence at the daunting task which confronts them in the upcoming Test series against Australia.
Marc Bulger (2819 yards, 15 TD, 11 INT) is coming off a so-so &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; ball compared to last year. His most crucial INT last Sunday came early in the. to all but end any chance of a comeback. Torry Holt (8 receptions, 90 yards).
Spadafora appears in Allegheny County court PITTSBURGH The trial for a troubled boxer charged with shooting his then-girlfriend after a traffic mishap has been delayed until next month.
Wal-Mart Sales Cast Gloom, Stocks Fall  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Stocks fell on Monday after Wal-Mart  Stores Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=WMT.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;WMT.N&lt;/A&gt; recorded disappointing Thanksgiving sales,  hurting hopes for a strong holiday retail season.
News: SCO hacked in apparent IP protest Visitors to SCO's website this morning were treated to a rare moment of corporate self-awareness after hackers apparently replaced an image linking to the undoubtedly scintillating "Extending Legacy Applications and Databases to the Web and Wireless Devices with SCOx Web Services Substrate" with a graphic bearing the rather more promising "We own all your code - pay us all your money"\
Toshiba Dreams of Hollywood Four major movie studios give support to Toshiba's HD DVD format.  Also: Sony gives details on new computer chip   hellip;.  Kazaa adds free internet phone calls to its repetoire   hellip;. and more.
Retailers Post Mediocre Holiday Sales Lucinda Antal, of Liverpool, England, right, tests lipstick shades on her hand at the Face store in New York Sunday Nov. 28, 2004, assissted by salesperson David Kalahiki.
Merrill, UBS Up Apple Stock Estimates As consumers start spending on Christmas, two brokerage houses raised their estimates on Apple Computer (AAPL) stock Monday to more than US\$77, predicting 
Priorities Are Askew at the FCC NOVEMBER 29, 2004 (COMPUTERWORLD) - It must be tough being America #39;s nanny, especially when there #39;s so much real work to do.
Screensaver to attack Spammers Lycos Europe has released a special screensaver for Windows and the Mac OS platforms that will attack spam web pages. The screensaver Make Love No Spam will overload a variety of spam servers by flooding 
Rogers Communications Agrees to Buy SkyDome for C\$25 Million Rogers Communications Inc. #39;s Toronto Blue Jays agreed to buy the SkyDome from Chicago, Illinois-based Sportsco International LP for C\$25 million (\$21.1 million), the team said in a press release.
Soccer: Henry, Ronaldinho and Shevchenko nominated for FIFA #39;s &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; PARIS : French striker Thierry Henry, Brazilian Ronaldinho and Andriy Shevchenko of Ukraine were nominated for FIFA #39;s world player of the year award for 2004.
Improved Heat Not Content With Start (AP) AP - The Miami Heat are atop their division, own the best in-conference record among teams in the East and have won twice as many games as they've lost.
China forges landmark free trade pact with Southeast Asian nations Rising power China moved Monday to expand its influence in a region long dominated by the United States, signing an accord with Southeast Asian nations aimed at creating the world #39;s largest free trade area by 2010 - sprawling 
Compensation plan for 27,000 Pinochet victims Chile #39;s government is to seek congressional approval to compensate more than 27,000 victims of political imprisonment and torture at the hands of the country #39;s rightwing military regime, which ruled from 1973 to 1990.
Al-Zawahri Vows to Keep Fighting U.S. (AP) AP - In a videotape aired Monday, Osama bin Laden's top lieutenant vowed to continue fighting the United States until Washington changed its policies.
Hill brings magic back to NBA (The Sporting News) The Sporting News - The day after the colossal mess into which his team landed in Detroit, Pacers coach Rick Carlisle paused to say something most in attendance tolerated impatiently. Indiana was preparing to face Orlando, and Carlisle said unprovoked, "It will be good to see Grant Hill. To me, he is an important athlete. He is a great guy, and to see him out there, it's great."
Death toll from China coal mine blast rises to about 50 (AFP) AFP - The death toll from a blast in a north China coal mine rose to about 50  after more than 20 bodies were found, the Xinhua news agency said.
U.N. Told to Protect Civilian Victims of Conflict (Reuters) Reuters - The United Nations must offer better\protection to 25 million civilians displaced by conflicts from\Sudan to Colombia, a report said on Friday.
Fear has put \$15 on oil price, says Naimi Oil prices are inflated by as much as \$15 a barrel by fears of shortages and geopolitical issues in the Middle East, Ali Naimi, the Saudi oil minister, said on Monday.
Rolls Royce hot seat to be filled by BMW SA chief A BMW executive currently in charge of the company #39;s extensive South African operations is to become the third chairman and chief executive of Rolls-Royce Motor Cars within a year.
Sony prefer PS2 over PSP Sony is not exactly going mega with the launch of its handheld gaming system named PSP on December 12. Instead, critics already fear that getting hand on one would be a very tough affair.
Lycos launches screensaver in fight against spam Haarlem (pts) - The Internet portal Lycos http://www.lycos-europe.com has developed a screensaver that endlessly requests data from sites that sell the goods and services mentioned in spam e-mail.
Nothing funny about silly money Among the many unique things proponents of professional golf like to point out is that the athletes who play the game for pay are different than those who toil in other sports because golf has no guaranteed contracts.
Kellogg appoints Jenness CEO after Gutierrez resigns to join &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; DETROIT - President Bush #39;s choice of Kellogg chief executive Carlos Gutierrez as commerce secretary leaves the cereal and snack giant without the dynamic leader who has guided its remarkable turnaround.
Disappointing holiday news hurts retail shares Shares in a range of area retailers dipped Monday on disappointing Thanksgiving sales data from Wal-Mart Stores Inc. In addition, ShopperTrak, which tallies sales results from 30,000 stores nationwide, said 
Anil sends out another mail, now to RIL Reliance Industries Ltd (RIL) employees have got another email. This one went from their vice-chairman, Anil Ambani, on Monday seeking their support for both himself and elder brother and chairman Mukesh Ambani.
Reliant, Dynegy, El Paso Traders Are Indicted by US for Fraud Five former employees of Dynegy Inc., El Paso Corp. and Reliant Energy Inc. were indicted on US charges of reporting bogus energy trades.
Sovereign CFO Hogan to Retire Sovereign Bancorp Inc. on Monday said chief financial officer James D. Hogan will retire from the position after helping the northeastern regional bank grow dramatically through a succession of acquisitions and other financial deals.
Airbus to get go ahead to start marketing A350 Airbus, the European aircraft maker, is expected to receive approval within weeks from its shareholders, EADS and BAE Systems, to start marketing the planned A350 mid 
China Automotive Stock Doubles on Pacts Shares of China Automotive Systems Inc. more than doubled in value Monday after the company said it was chosen as the exclusive steering pump supplier for a vehicle made by SAIC GM Wuling Automobile Co.
UnitedHealth Group Buys Definity Health MINNEAPOLIS - UnitedHealth Group said Monday that it will acquire Definity Health Corp. of Minneapolis for \$300 million cash. Definity is best known for offering what are commonly called consumer driven health 
Cingular Wireless Loss Is Alltels, MetroPCS Gain In the aftermath of its purchase of AT amp;T Wireless, Cingular Wireless is selling several sets of 10 megahertz wireless licenses to two different carriers.
Loss of Intelsat satellite could threaten sale BETHESDA, Md. The loss of an Intelsat satellite knocked out Internet access for many customers of Starband, a McLean-based provider of online access via satellite.
Russian Official Details Iraqi Debt Deal Iraq will owe Russia between US\$700 million (euro530 million) and US\$1 billion (euro750 million) after the bulk of its debt is forgiven under a deal with international creditors, Finance Minister Alexei Kudrin was quoted as saying Monday.
Investors Eye Brokerages 4Q Reports Some of the Wall Street brokerages on tap to report earnings next month might see better-than-expected results as a rebound in the stock market is expected to fuel performance within their equities businesses.
Sony, IBM, Toshiba say powerful chip to start production in 2005 SAN JOSE, Calif. A long-awaited microprocessor developed by IBM, Sony, and Toshiba will go into production next year and start appearing in video game consoles and high-definition T-Vs in 2006.
Microsoft WINS Said To Be Vulnerable Microsoft said Sunday it #39;s looking into reports of a security screw-up in Windows Internet Name Service (WINS), a component of its most popular server software, including Windows NT 4.0 Server, Windows 2000 Server, and Windows Server 2003.
US-Russian Crew Re-Docks Capsule After a 23-minute flight from the Pirs docking port to the Zarya cargo module, Russian Salizhan Sharipov and American Leroy Chiao re-docked the Soyuz TMA-5 spaceship.
Series of earthquakes rattle Mount St. Helens MOUNT St. HELENS, Wash. - Three earthquakes ranging in magnitudes between 2.6 and 2.8 rattled Mount St. Helens Sunday evening and into Monday morning.
iPod adoption rate faster than Sony Walkman Based on one Wall Street analyst #39;s findings, the popularity of Apple #39;s iPod is exceeding that of Sony #39;s Walkman during the 80 #39;s and 90 #39;s.
Major IT Crash Hits UK Government Department A software upgrade caused some 40,000 computers to crash at the UK government #39;s Department for Work and Pensions last week. The crash of the Windows-based systems took most of the department #39;s computers offline for five working days.
Microsoft Plans Last Windows 2000 Update With Microsoft spending most of its upgrade development time on Windows XP, it was only time before they announced plans to stop updating Windows 2000.
Screensaver tackles spam websites Internet portal Lycos has made a screensaver that endlessly requests data from sites that sell the goods and services mentioned in spam e-mail.
More Leeds United Stories Sebastien Sainsbury is back in the running to take over Leeds just over a fortnight after being told by chairman Gerald Krasner his bid was dead in the water.
Cricket-ICC anti-corruption team to probe Nairobi tournament  Cricket-Kiwis cling on as Aussies go for the jugular 11-29-2004, 09:02 ADELAIDE, Australia, Nov 29 (AFP) - New Zealand kept an eye on the weather to save them as they frustrated Australia #39;s efforts to wrap up another fast-tracked victory in the second 
Blue Jays to buy SkyDome for \$21.24 million The Toronto Blue Jays agreed to buy SkyDome, the team #39;s ballpark, for about \$21.24 million. The 50,000-seat stadium, which opened in 1989, cost about \$375 million to construct and was mostly funded by taxpayers.
BCS: Auburn stuck at 3; Texas closing in on Cal com. With less than one week to go until the release of the final BCS standings, USC and Oklahoma are all but assured of going to the Orange Bowl if they both win their final games Saturday 
Browns lose LB Andra Davis for season Cleveland Browns linebacker Andra Davis will miss the remainder of the season after tearing a ligament in his left knee during Sunday #39;s loss against the Cincinnati Bengals.
China mine blast toll rises to 50 as hopes for missing workers &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; CHENJIASHAN MINE, China : The death toll from a blast in a north China coal mine rose to 50 after more than 20 bodies were found as hopes of finding alive another 116 trapped workers all but vanished.
Sharon in a spot George W. Bush is a product of the Wild West myth. He sees himself as the fast-drawing sheriff who kills the bad guys and maintains order in town.
Dalai Lama arrives in Russia ELISTA, Nov. 29. - The Dalai Lama, smiling modestly at his admirers, began his first visit to Russias Buddhists today after Moscow abruptly reversed its refusal to grant the exiled Tibetan spiritual leader entry.
Nairobi Summit Urges More Progress to Ban Land Mines Diplomats from countries that have signed a treaty banning land-mine use, production, stockpiling, and transfer are assessing the accord #39;s impact at a conference in Nairobi.
Aznar denies Iraq link, defends role in wake of Madrid bombings MADRID (AFP) - Former Spanish prime minister Jose Maria Aznar rejected the idea that the Madrid train bombings stemmed from his backing for the war in Iraq and told a parliamentary inquiry into the attacks that terrorist groups were inextricably linked.
ACC Ties Record With Seven Top 25 Teams (AP) AP - Virginia moved into The Associated Press' men's college basketball Top 25 Monday, giving the Atlantic Coast Conference a record-tying seven teams in the poll.
Aznar Denies Madrid Bombs Were Linked to Iraq War (Reuters) Reuters - Former Prime Minister Jose Maria Aznar\said Islamic militants tried to use the Madrid train bombings\to oust the pro-U.S. ruling party from power in Spain, but not\because of its support for the Iraq war.
Source: Stanford Fires Coach Teevens (AP) AP - Stanford football coach Buddy Teevens was fired after three straight losing seasons, an athletic department source said Monday on condition of anonymity.
BoSox OK Deal With Catcher Doug Mirabelli (AP) AP - The Boston Red Sox have reached an agreement with backup catcher Doug Mirabelli, who would become the first of the World Series champions' 16 free agents to re-sign.
Falcons Sign Crumpler to Contract Extension (Reuters) Reuters - The Atlanta Falcons\Monday signed Pro Bowl tight end Alge Crumpler to a six-year\contract extension.
Boggs Heads 2005 Hall of Fame Ballot (Reuters) Reuters - Five-time American\League batting champion Wade Boggs, two-time NL batting champ\Willie McGee and former Cy Young Award winner Jack McDowell are\among 12 first-year candidates on the 2005 Baseball Hall of\Fame ballot.
Austrian Men's Team Gets Female Goalie (AP) AP - Barbara Zemann is a banker by trade. Now she's the first female to play for an Austrian men's hockey team.
Boggs Heads 2005 Hall of Fame Ballot  COOPERSTOWN, N.Y. (Sports Network) - Five-time American  League batting champion Wade Boggs, two-time NL batting champ  Willie McGee and former Cy Young Award winner Jack McDowell are  among 12 first-year candidates on the 2005 Baseball Hall of  Fame ballot.
USC Strengthens BCS No. 1 Hold; Oklahoma No. 2  PHILADELPHIA (Sports Network) - Southern California and  Oklahoma are still the top teams in the Bowl Championship  Series standings, while Auburn remained third and on the  outside looking in at the national championship game with one  week remaining in the regular season.
Jeff George Signs with Bears  CHICAGO (Sports Network) - After much speculation, the  Chicago Bears officially signed quarterback Jeff George to a  one-year contract on Monday.
Cards' Smith Sidelined; Navarre to Start at QB  TEMPE, Ariz. (Sports Network) - The Arizona Cardinals will  have a new look in their backfield for this Sunday's game  against Detroit because running back Emmitt Smith is sidelined  with a sprained toe and rookie John Navarre will start at  quarterback.
Gatlin, Hayes Earn Jesse Owens Awards  PORTLAND, Ore. (Sports Network) - Olympic medalists Justin  Gatlin and Joanna Hayes Monday were named the winners of the  2004 Jesse Owens Awards by USA Track   Field.
One Month Later, Fight Over Ohio Continues (AP) AP - Nearly a month after John Kerry conceded Ohio to President Bush, complaints and challenges about the balloting are mounting as activists including the Rev. Jesse Jackson demand closer scrutiny to ensure the votes are being counted on the up-and-up.
Aznar Denies Madrid Bombs Were Linked to Iraq War  MADRID (Reuters) - Former Prime Minister Jose Maria Aznar  said Islamic militants tried to use the Madrid train bombings  to oust the pro-U.S. ruling party from power in Spain, but not  because of its support for the Iraq war.
Ukraine President Bows to Pressure, Backs New Vote  KIEV, Ukraine (Reuters) - Outgoing Ukrainian President  Leonid Kuchma, bowing to mass street protests and international  pressure, on Monday backed a new presidential election to end a  crisis that is tearing the nation apart.
Al Qaeda's Zawahri Says Will Keep Fighting U.S.  DUBAI (Reuters) - Al Qaeda's deputy leader Ayman al-Zawahri  said in a videotape broadcast Monday al Qaeda would continue to  attack the United States until Washington changed its policies  toward the Muslim world.
Crude Futures Trade Above \$49 After Norwegian Supply Snag Crude oil futures rose to within a quarter of \$50 a barrel Monday after a gas leak shut down a North Sea oil production platform and as traders weighed concerns about heating oil supplies against the fact that temperatures have been mild in recent weeks.
Court throws out apartheid cases A New York judge throws out legal cases against more than 30 firms, accused of having aided the apartheid-era South African Government.
Miller, Maier play down talk of rivalry LAKE LOUISE, Alberta - Ken Read says the battle between Bode Miller and Hermann Maier for Alpine skiing World Cup supremacy represents one of the sporting worlds great rivalries.
Schalk faces media frenzy London - The long-awaited clash between the Barbarians and the All Blacks in Cardiff on Saturday has been given a huge shot in the arm with the news that the Springboks have given the world #39;s best rugby player, flanker Schalk Burger, permission to play 
Blue Jays agree to buy SkyDome The Toronto Blue Jays are buying the stadium they #39;ve been playing in for 16 years. The baseball team announced Monday it has reached an agreement to purchase the SkyDome from Sportsco International.
Falcons sign Crumpler to contract extension Flowery Branch, GA (Sports Network) - The Atlanta Falcons Monday signed Pro Bowl tight end Alge Crumpler to a six-year contract extension.
Cavs place Scott Williams on injured list Cleveland, OH (Sports Network) - The Cleveland Cavaliers placed forward/center Scott Williams on the injured list with patella tendinitis in his left knee.
Supreme Court Hears Arguments on Medical Use of Marijuana While it is risky to predict how the justices will decide, some expressed skepticism today about the case.
U-Va. Nears Bowl Bid The ACC is close to finalizing a deal that would send Virginia to the Dec. 28 Independence Bowl in Shreveport, La., where they would likely play Oklahoma State.
Is Santa Skipping Wal-Mart? Plus, few defectors in the wireless war, and Overstock's locked and loaded.
UnitedHealth Getting Healthier UnitedHealth Group buys Definity Health, which offers consumer-driven options.
China  GM = 100 Gain When was the last time a consumer cyclical stock in the auto and truck parts segment soared over 100 in a single day? Today. China Automotive Systems (Nasdaq: CAAS) announced today that its 51 
Univision, Nielsen Drop People Meters #39; Litigation (Update1) Univision Television Group dropped a suit seeking to stop Nielsen Media Research Inc. from using a new television ratings system in Los Angeles that Univision said undercounts Hispanic viewers.
Russia slashes \$9 billion from Iraq debt Russia will slash at least \$9.5 billion of Iraq #39;s debt to Moscow, Interfax news agency reported Monday. Iraq #39;s debt to Russia will be reduced to \$700 million to \$1 billion 
Investing in Car Culture Jeff Hwang is back from a car show with three investment ideas, presented in a two-part series.
Kazaa Trial Starts Down Under A closely watched trial that could have far-reaching implications for the person-to-person (P2P) industry has gotten underway in Australia, where the entertainment industry is seeking to prove 
Toshiba Wins HD DVD Support from 4 in Hollywood Toshiba Corp. (6502.T: Quote, Profile, Research) on Monday said it had won support for the HD DVD optical disc standard from four Hollywood studios, advancing 
Musharraf Sees 'Light at End of Tunnel' with India &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; BRASILIA, Brazil (Reuters) - Pakistani President PervezMusharraf said on Monday there were prospects for resolving alldisputes with India, including over Kashmir, through peacetalks now under way.&lt;/p&gt;
Trump's Rough Edge The Apprentice candidates get caffeinated and catty and make the cola wars look like tea time.
French conservatives vie for party loyalty A close ally of President Jacques Chirac was appointed Monday to head France #39;s powerful Finance Ministry, in a signal the French President has no intention of serving as lame duck 
Wi-Fi Planet highlights multichannel access points This weeks Wi-Fi Planet Conference and Expo will highlight the increasing variety and sophistication of WLAN technology for the enterprise.
New file system constrains Treo 650 storage capacity The change to flash memory from DRAM (dynamic RAM) for PalmOne's new Treo 650 smart phone appears to have had the unintended consequence of reducing the amount of memory that is actually available to users. As a result, PalmOne plans to offer a free 128MB expansion card to Treo 650 purchasers to get around the problem, the company said Monday.
FCC threatens to investigate SBC SBC Communications Inc., the second-biggest US local telephone company, was warned by the top communications regulator against using tariffs on Internet phone calls to hamper competition.
Bennett agrees to contract Catcher Gary Bennett agreed Monday to a one-year contract with the Washington-bound Expos. Bennett, 32, fulfills the team #39;s need for a backup to Brian Schneider.
Bears, Cardinals latest to jump starters Another week in the NFL and, as has been the case lately, another week of quarterback roulette. As anticipated, three-year veteran Chad Hutchinson will start Sunday for the Chicago Bears 
Packers Glad They Get Rams at Lambeau The Green Bay Packers finally have the St. Louis Rams right where they want them: at Lambeau Field, on grass, in freezing weather.
Eta train bomb theory gathers pace Nine months after 191 people were killed by radical Islamists in the Madrid train bombings, a right-wing conspiracy theory which claims the Basque separatist group Eta must have been involved is beginning to take root.
Kazaa owner in Australian copyright battle Sharman Networks, distributor of the software behind popular peer-to-peer service Kazaa, went on trial in Australia today, in the latest copyright battle between the music industry and file-sharing service providers.
Canada #39;s current account surplus shrinks OTTAWA - Canada #39;s current account surplus showed the first drop in almost two years in the third quarter, Statistics Canada said Monday.
US-Russian crew re-docks spaceship at space station The crew of the international space station has successfully re-docked a spaceship at a new port. Today #39;s maneuver is in preparation for two upcoming spacewalks.
Falcons Sign Crumpler to Contract Extension  FLOWERY BRANCH, Ga. (Sports Network) - The Atlanta Falcons  Monday signed Pro Bowl tight end Alge Crumpler to a six-year  contract extension.
Bush Picks Kellogg CEO for Commerce (Reuters) Reuters - President Bush on Monday chose\Carlos Gutierrez, the Cuban-born CEO of Kellogg Co , as\his nominee to be commerce secretary, his second selection of a\Hispanic for a second-term Cabinet.
GM, Ford See Weak Sales, Production Cuts (Reuters) Reuters - General Motors Corp.  and Ford\Motor Co.  are expected to announce further cuts in\vehicle production levels this week as they move to trim\inventories of unsold cars and trucks following weak sales,\analysts said.
Saudi Arabia insists high oil prices no threat to world economic growth (AFP) AFP - Red-hot oil prices during 2004, stoked by a surge in global demand and worries about disruptions to supplies, are not harming world economic growth, Saudi Arabia's oil minister Ali al-Nuaimi insisted.
Oil Up on Winter Worries, Norway Outage  LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices rose Monday as a gas leak  closed a large Norwegian North Sea oil field and the threat of  a colder-than-normal U.S. winter fueled worries about low  heating oil stocks.
Blue Chips Edge Down, Apple Lifts Tech  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Blue-chip stocks fell slightly on  Monday after No. 1 retailer Wal-Mart Stores Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=WMT.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;WMT.N&lt;/A&gt;  reported lower-than-expected Thanksgiving sales, while  technology shares were lifted by a rally in Apple Computer Inc.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=AAPL.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;AAPL.O&lt;/A&gt;.
Willis Hires Top Marsh Exec, Stock Rises  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Insurance broker Willis Group Holdings  Ltd. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=WSH.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;WSH.N&lt;/A&gt; on Monday said it hired a top executive from  embattled rival Marsh   McLennan Cos. Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MMC.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;MMC.N&lt;/A&gt;.
Bombardier Falls After Ebersol Jet Crash  MONTREAL (Reuters) - Shares of Bombardier Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=BBDb.TO target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;BBDb.TO&lt;/A&gt;  fell 4 percent to a year low on Monday, one day after a fatal  crash involving one of its business jets.
Treasuries Trip Lower  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. Treasury debt took a nosedive on  Monday as the breaking of key technical levels added momentum  to an early burst of speculative selling.
US vows to stick to dollar policy Sharp falls on the currency markets have not jolted Washington's commitment to a strong dollar, the Treasury says.
Wal-Mart Falls 3 Pct on Forecast Cut Wal-Mart Stores Inc. (WMT.N: Quote, Profile, Research) shares fell 3 percent early Monday after the world #39;s biggest retailer cut its November sales forecast, casting a shadow over hopes for a bumper holiday shopping season.
Singapore and S. Korea in trade pact VIENTIANE, Laos South Korea and Singapore have concluded a free trade agreement at a regional summit meeting in Laos, the South Korean government announced on Monday.
Russia hopes to repay \$10 bn foreign debt in 2005 Russia hopes to repay early \$10 billion or more in debts to the Paris Club of sovereign lenders and the IMF next year, a Finance Ministry source told Reuters on Monday.
Sony Discloses Details on Computer Chip (AP) AP - A long-awaited microprocessor developed by IBM Corp., Sony Corp. and Toshiba Corp. will go into early production next year and start appearing in video game consoles, high-definition TVs and home servers in 2006, the companies said Monday.
Firefox browser sees surge in use A sudden, measurable decline in market share in any product over the course of a few months says something, even if that product is one whose producer still holds about 90 of the market in question.
Space Station Crew Clears Path for Space Walks The crew of the International Space Station Monday repositioned their Soyuz rescue capsule to clear the way for two space walks planned in the coming weeks.
PalmOne moves to ease Treo 650 memory gripes In an effort to address customer complaints about the Treo 650 #39;s memory capacity, handheld maker PalmOne will provide a software update for the smart phone #39;s memory.
Microsoft opts against SP5 for Windows 2000 com November 29, 2004, 1:22 PM PT. This fourth priority #39;s main focus has been enterprise directories for several months, but for many IT managers, ERP (enterprise resource planning) and open source initiatives are on the horizon.
Henry favoured for FIFA award Thierry Henry, Ronaldinho and Andrei Shevchenko are set to fight it out for the honour of being named as the FIFA World Player of the Year next month.
Three into two Three into two rarely goes. Graeme Souness has done his best to test that theory by playing Alan Shearer, Craig Bellamy and Patrick Kluivert together, but the striking situation at Newcastle has only reinforced that adage.
Woolmer says Pakistan aim to surprise Australia Pakistan coach Bob Woolmer says captain Inzamam-ul-Haq #39;s young side will rely on talent to overcome inexperience in the upcoming three-test series against Australia.
Red Sox reach agreement with catcher Doug Mirabelli The Boston Red Sox have reached an agreement with backup catcher Doug Mirabelli, who would become the first of the World Series champions #39; 16 free agents to re-sign.
Google Desktop Search Add-On Brings Battle Closer to Microsoft (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - Google has developed an add-on for the desktop search tool it unveiled last month. Called gdSuite, it gives its search function a Windows-like interface, Gartner research director Allen Weiner tells NewsFactor.
Studios Support Toshiba's DVD Format (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - It is a race that echoes the Beta versus VHS format competition of the 1980s. Only this time the technology is high-definition DVDs, and the stakes are even higher.
Wi-Fi Planet highlights multichannel access points (InfoWorld) InfoWorld - This week #8217;s Wi-Fi Planet Conference and Expo will highlight the increasing variety and sophistication of WLAN technology for the enterprise.
FSF Faces New GPL Challenges (Ziff Davis) Ziff Davis - After 13 years, the Free Software Foundation will update the GPL, and the to-do list is a long one.
Major I.T. Crash Hits UK Government Department (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - A routine software upgrade of Microsoft-based desktop computers led to the crash of around 40,000 machines at the UK government's Department for Work and Pensions last week.
Research: PC Market Poised for Shakeup (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - Three top 10 PC manufacturers -- \IBM (NYSE: IBM), Hewlett-Packard and one unnamed company -- may abandon the market in the next three years as consolidation takes hold, according to recent research from Gartner.
Brain Scan Shows Differences in Truth, Lying (Reuters) Reuters - Brain scans show that the brains of\people who are lying look very different from those of people\who are telling the truth, U.S. researchers said on Monday.
Tiny Fuel Particles Cause Heart Attacks, Group Says (Reuters) Reuters - Tiny air-born particles released by\burning fossil fuels are reducing the average human life span\across Europe and North America by eight months, a leading\research body said on Monday.
How Collisions Shaped an Asteroid (SPACE.com) SPACE.com - Next Fourth of July, NASA will slam a heavy probe the size of a garbage can \  into a comet, purposely carving a football-field sized crater for inspection. \  As for nbsp;what exactly nbsp;will happen, nbsp;however, nobody really knows.
Coral Thrives on Sunken WWII Ships in Gulf (AP) AP - A University of Alabama scientist and other researchers have found coral growing at extreme depths in the Gulf of Mexico  #151; on several ships sunk during World War II by Nazi submarines.
ISS Crew Successfully Redocks Soyuz Spacecraft (SPACE.com) SPACE.com - The tenth crew of the \International Space Station (ISS) made a short spaceflight early Monday to move a Russian lifeboat \to a new docking port and prepare the station for a pair of upcoming spacewalks.
Sudan Delays Expulsion of British Aid Agency Heads  KHARTOUM (Reuters) - Sudan decided to postpone a decision  to expel the country heads of two British aid agencies on  Monday, citing administrative difficulties and humanitarian  grounds, the state minister for humanitarian affairs said.
Orange Revolution After many years under the rule of the corrupted government there is a new  hope for Ukraine: the new presidential elections. Among 28 candidates the   2 primary are the opposition candidate Victor Yushchenko (reformer which   served as the Prime Minister in the past and was allegedly poisoned 1 month  before the first tour of the elections) and the government's candidate Victor  Yanukovich (twice convicted in the past of rape and organized robbery,   currently serving as the Prime Minister, having strong ties with mafia clans   and holding in iron fist authorities across Ukraine). 
Sony, IBM, Toshiba Give Details of 'Cell' Chip  TOKYO (Reuters) - IBM &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=IBM.N qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;IBM.N&lt;/A&gt;, Sony Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=6758.T qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;6758.T&lt;/A&gt; and  Toshiba Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=6502.T qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;6502.T&lt;/A&gt; on Monday revealed their plans for the  powerful new "Cell" processor the three are jointly producing  to run next-generation computers, game consoles and  televisions.
Toshiba Wins HD DVD Support from 4 in Hollywood  TOKYO (Reuters) - Toshiba Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=6502.T qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;6502.T&lt;/A&gt; on Monday said it  had won support for the HD DVD optical disc standard from four  Hollywood studios, advancing its cause in the battle for the  next-generation DVD.
Sun Micro Agrees to Buy Closely Held SevenSpace  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Sun Microsystems Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=SUNW.O qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;SUNW.O&lt;/A&gt;  has agreed to acquire closely held SevenSpace Inc., adding to  Sun's managed services offerings, the network computer maker  said on Monday.
The Moon Eclipses Jupiter Mark your calendar. On Tuesday, Dec. 7th, about an hour before sunrise, the crescent Moon will eclipse Jupiter.
Dollar Worries Send Dow to Close Down 46 Stocks finished mixed in a volatile session Monday as investors worried that the continued fall of the US dollar would spur inflation and hurt the overall economy.
SCO Web site hack mocks company #39;s legal claims Malicious hackers have compromised The SCO Group #39;s Web page twice in as many days, posting messages that appear to mock the company #39;s claims to own parts of the Linux operating system.
World Cup skiing Miller #39;s career headed downhill AKE LOUISE, Alberta - World Cup leader Bode Miller gave up one-hundredth of a second through the first interval yesterday then stormed through a 2-mile downhill course to win by nearly a full second.
Thailand urges global landmine fund at first review of &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Thailand called for a global fund to finance landmine removal and aid for victims Monday at the first five-year review of the international treaty to ban landmines.
2005 Predictions \\It turns out that the only prediction I made in 2004 isn't going to come true.\\I bet  that Dell would ship a version of Linux.  I doubt they will now.\Honestly they seemed like the leading candidate considering their entry into the\MP3 market at the time.\\I still think that sooner or later someone is going to pull their head out of\the sand and realize how amazing Linux could be as a desktop.  All they have to\do is turn the OS into an appliance and bundle Open Office.  You'll then have a\niche somewhere between OSX and Windows.\\There are still some fatal flaws here.  You can't go into Walmart and buy\software for Linux. Maybe this is the nail in the coffin.  I don't know.  Maybe\it will  ...\\
New Treo 650 file system cuts storage capacity PalmOne plans to offer a free 128MB expansion card to Treo 650 owners because a new file system used for the handheld actually offers less memory for data storage than was available on the older Treo 600.
U.K.'s Blair tries to allay fears over ID card database The Identity Cards Bill, published today, seeks to create by 2010 a system of ID cards with embedded chips that carry personal information and biometric identifiers.
Q A: John Swainson, CA's new CEO, lays out his priorities John Swainson, named CEO-elect of Computer Associates last week, spoke with Computerworld about his new job, the future of CA World, his review of CA management products and ethics reforms.
Study: High-tech firms praised for online customer respect While many high-tech firms scored well in a new study of how they treat customers online, more than a third of the surveyed companies still share personal data without permission.
Hackers force creation of more IT security jobs Security specialists are now in great demand, thanks to a boom in malicious attacks on computer systems by hackers and viruses, and an array of new communications technologies that carry new security risks.
SCO Web site hack mocks company's legal claims Hackers compromised The SCO Group's Web page today and yesterday and posted messages apparently mocking the company's claims that it owns parts of the Linux operating system.
Satellite failure hits U.S. broadband services The failure of the Intelsat Americas-7 communications satellite yesterday knocked out broadband services supplied by StarBand Communications Inc.
Microsoft and Sun plan webcast to detail cooperation Top executives from the two companies plan to host a press conference and webcast in late December or January as part of a monthlong interoperability webcast series put on by Microsoft.
Ask a Premier 100 IT Leader: Dan Agronow Dan Agronow, vice president of technology at The Weather Channel Interactive Inc., answers readers' questions about new job opportunities and skills development.
U.K. government hit with another large computer failure As many as 80,000 civil servants at the U.K.'s Department of Work and Pensions had to deal with what is being described as the biggest computer crash in government history on Monday.
First Look: Portable Speakers Pack Punch Kilpsch's \$100 ProMedia Ultra 2.0 speakers put desktop-quality sound in a package you can lug around.
Byrd in hand too much for Bush ZURICH: The Dispute Settlement Body (DSB) of WTO has authorised seven countries, including India, to impose trade sanctions up to \$150 million on the United States for its non-compliance with the WTO ruling that found the US Byrd Amendment on anti-dumping 
SCO Web site attacked again SCO, the ever-popular Unix company, has come under attack from hackers once again. This time they have replaced the front page of SCO #39;s Web site with their own version that parodies SCO #39;s legal battles over Linux.
New league, same stakes for Hokies, Canes CORAL GABLES, Fla. - After years of battling for supremacy in the Big East, Miami and Virginia Tech will now do the same in the Atlantic Conference Coast.
Progress made, but much to do to reach mine-free world, summit &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; NAIROBI : Much has been done to rid the world of landmines since a ban was born in 1997, but major challenges, many of them financial, must be overcome to wipe the devices off the planet, a conference in Nairobi heard.
Yahoo Searchs Slurp and How to Write for It Yahoo Search's Slurp and How to Write for It\\As the world's second most popular search tool, Yahoo moves a tremendous amount of traffic and is a very credible alternative to Google. Yahoo receives over 2.76 billion page views per day from hundreds of millions of unique users. It boasts over ...
Dark Side of Kazaa and Other P2P File Sharing Programs Dark Side of Kazaa and Other P2P File Sharing Programs\\P2P file sharing programs are free. Period. But there are P2P scam sites out there that want you to pay them instead. P2P scam sites are rogue companies that have set up shop to fleece unsuspecting music downloaders looking for file ...
iMac G5: Ultimate Computer Reviewing the iMac G5, Steve Rea writes for TechNY.com,  #147;Apple has created a small, powerful, aesthetically appealing, innovated, creative, workable, user friendly, attractive, reliable computer that everyone can use. The ultimate Internet machine. The ultimate music machine. The ultimate graphics machine. The ultimate computing machine. #148; Nov 29
US Maintains Dollar Policy, Official Says (Reuters) Reuters - America has not changed its strong\dollar policy and still expects China to make its own currency\more flexible, a Treasury official said on Monday, shrugging\off comments from Beijing that had jolted markets.
Bush selects Kellogg executive to head Commerce Department President Bush announced Monday the nomination of Kellogg Co. Chairman and CEO Carlos Gutierrez to be secretary of Commerce, calling him  quot;an experienced manager and an innovative 
With Thanksgiving Over, Xmas Could Be Next NEW YORK - The holiday selling season got off to a strong start this weekend, which means...actually, it may not mean anything at all.
Korean FTA concludes, progress with India FROM today, almost 75 per cent of Singapore #39;s domestic exports to South Korea, which amount to more than \$3 billion, will enjoy immediate tariff elimination.
Royal Group Removes Chairman De Zen, Dunsmuir, Goegan (Update3) Royal Group Technologies Ltd. fired Chairman Vic De Zen and Chief Executive Douglas Dunsmuir, targets of a police probe, after finding they failed to disclose their interest in a parcel of land sold to the company in 1998.
Studios taking sides in fight for successor to the DVD LOS ANGELES Three top Hollywood studios are throwing their considerable weight behind one of two competing formats for the next generation of high-definition DV-Ds, citing in part the need to stem rampant piracy.
George Thankful for Opportunity With Bears (AP) AP - Talent was never Jeff George's problem. His personality, well, that's a different story.
Ht Rotherham 0 Leeds 0 Leeds refused to let the latest off-field drama overshadow their performance as they made Rotherham appear relegation certainties after handing Ronnie Moores side a first-half lesson at Millmoor.
West Virginia invited to Gator Bowl again Jacksonville, FL (Sports Network) - It looks like West Virginia will be headed to the Gator Bowl, again. Following consecutive losses that dropped them out of the national rankings, the Mountaineers (8-3, 4 
Mirabelli, Red Sox reach terms: report CBC SPORTS ONLINE - Catcher Doug Mirabelli reportedly is the first of 16 free agents to re-sign with the World Series champion Boston Red Sox.
Vols Keep Promise of Rematch With Auburn (AP) AP - Tennessee kept its promise. The 15th-ranked Volunteers pledged after losing 34-10 to Auburn in October that they would face the Tigers again in the Southeastern Conference championship. And the Vols will on Saturday in the Georgia Dome.
UN Agency Welcomes Iran #39;s Suspension of Nuclear Program The 35 countries of the United Nations nuclear agency board, including the United States, passed a long-awaited resolution today welcoming Iran #39;s total freeze of a sensitive part of its nuclear program.
Amnesty for rein on MNCs New Delhi, Nov. 29: Amnesty International, Greenpeace and other non-governmental organisations are working towards establishing a legal framework to make multinational corporations more accountable to peoples needs.
Tom Brokaw: Events And Leaders Of Our Time NEW YORK -- In his long career at NBC, Tom Brokaw has covered some of the remarkable events and extraordinary figures who have shaped the last quarter-century.
Bush names new commerce secretary, expects to change economic team US President George W. Bush on Monday chose Carlos Gutierrez as his new commerce secretary to succeed Donald Evans, who announced his resignation shortly after Bush won reelection early this month.
China says speculation imperils yuan reforms BEIJING, NOVEMBER 29: Chinas central bank slammed speculators in the foreign exchange market on Monday, saying those pouring money into the yuan currency in search of profits could undermine efforts to make it more flexible.
Music groups launch test case against website The music industry on Monday launched a test case against Kazaa, one of the world #39;s largest file-sharing websites, in a bid to stem rampant internet piracy.
It Just Had To Be It just had to be. After a year in which the Russian women had taken the grand slam circuit by storm (three out of four major championships is a decent enough result for any nation), they rounded off their 
Leeds fall to Yorkshire rivals Martin McIntosh finally brought an end to Rotherhams season-long humiliation as Leeds were embarrassed by a side who had previously failed to win a Coca-Cola Championship game this season.
Bennett bolts Brewers for Nationals CBC SPORTS ONLINE - Free-agent catcher Gary Bennett agreed Monday to a one-year contract worth \$750,000 US with the Washington-bound Expos.
Rescuers confident of saving second pod Rescue teams are confident of saving most surviving whales from a pod beached off Tasmania #39;s east coast - the second mass stranding in Tasmanian waters in 24 hours.
Aznar Denies Madrid Bombs Were Linked to Iraq War Former Prime Minister Jose Maria Aznar said Islamic militants tried to use the Madrid train bombings to oust the pro-US ruling party from power in Spain, but not because of its support for the Iraq war.
'Blue Monday' Kicks Off Online Shopping Season (Reuters) Reuters - Though U.S. consumers spent the\weekend setting records at brick-and-mortar stores for Black\Friday, they returned to work on Monday to set "Blue Monday"\shopping records online.
Univision Drops Lawsuit Against Nielsen Univision Communications Inc. said Monday it dropped a lawsuit against Nielsen Media Research Inc. over the firm's new TV rating system, which the Spanish-language broadcaster claimed miscounts its viewers.
Update 1: Kellogg Appoints Jenness As Its New CEO Kellogg Co., the nation #39;s largest cereal maker, appointed a board member with decades of branding experience to succeed chairman and chief executive Carlos Gutierrez, a dynamic leader who guided the maker of Pop-Tarts, Frosted Flakes and Cheeze-It 
Wal-Mart shares fall on poor holiday sales Shares in Wal-Mart fell more than three per cent in New York on Monday, after the giant discount retailer cut its forecast for November same-store sales 
Saudi Arabia insists high oil prices no threat to world economic &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; LONDON (AFP) - Red-hot oil prices during 2004, stoked by a surge in global demand and worries about disruptions to supplies, are not harming world economic growth, Saudi Arabia #39;s oil minister Ali al-Nuaimi insisted.
US Promises Compliance with WTO Rules The WTO gave the go-ahead to countries in Europe and elsewhere to impose punitive duties on US exports. The United States has failed to repeal a trade law that protects the US Steel industry, according to WTO.
UPDATE 1-Canadian court OKs Deutsche Bank plan for Stelco An Ontario court approved Deutsche Bank AG #39;s (DBKGn.DE: Quote, Profile, Research) bailout plan for Stelco Inc. (STEa.TO: Quote, Profile, Research) on Monday, a bid that serves as 
Russia could repay \$10bn of debt early Russia could make early repayment next year of up to \$10bn worth of its \$48bn of foreign debt to the Paris Club of sovereign lenders, Alexei Kudrin, finance minister, announced on Monday.
TriQuint to Eliminate 200 Jobs TriQuint Semiconductor Inc. said Monday that it is cutting about 200 jobs as part of a plan to save \$18 million per year by restructuring its optoelectronics business.
Supreme Court won #39;t review super aspirin #39; #39; patent dispute The University of Rochester #39;s costly effort to reap billions of dollars in royalties from a new class of  quot;super aspirin quot; ran into a dead end Monday.
PlayStation 3 chip on track Sony revealed new details Monday on the chip that will power the next version of its PlayStation video game machine and said development is on track to deliver products based on the chip next year.
SCO Web site hack is like breaking in A gut reaction to news that hackers broke into The SCO Group #39;s Web site and mocked its claims to own parts of the Linux operating system might be a feeling that SCO brought it on itself by trying to constrain the open source movement through its legal 
Sun acquisition to boost IT services portfolio Sun has agreed to purchase Ashburn, Va., IT services company SevenSpace, the companies announced Monday. With the purchase, Sun takes a further step away from its traditional focus on supporting only its Solaris 
Cicadas, an Elixir for the Earth Those buzzing hordes of cicadas that come up from underground every 13 or 17 years may be a nuisance for people, but for birds and small animals they are an all-you-can-eat buffet.
Microsoft, Sun to Talk Interop Microsoft (Quote, Chart) and Sun (Quote, Chart) are scheduled to talk about their platform compatibility, spokespersons with both companies said Monday.
Lycos App Lets Users Exact Revenge on Spammers Lycos Europe launched a free screensaver that deliberately clogs spam servers. The  quot;Make Love Not Spam quot; screensaver, available in both Mac and PC formats, sends HTTP requests to a list of servers that Lycos 
Creative Zen Micro 5GB music player Reg review Some market watchers say that mobile phones will eventually supersede standalone MP3 players. Creative #39;s latest device certainly anticipates such a move, in design if not functionality.
Smith still waiting to be offered Scotland manager #39;s job THE SCOTTISH FOOTBALL Association refused to break cover yesterday and reveal the identity of the man who will succeed Berti Vogts, even though there was a clamour to claim that Walter Smith has the job all tied up.
Another defeat stares at Kiwis Adelaide, November 29: Australia set New Zealand 464 to win then ripped through the touring sides top order to leave the Kiwis struggling on 149 for five at the close of the fourth days play in the second test on Monday.
Clemson, South Carolina players suspended for fight Six Clemson players and six South Carolina players were suspended one game by their conferences on Monday for participating in a brawl during a game between the in-state rivals on Nov. 20.
Dow Ends Lower as Wal-Mart Sales Drag  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Blue chips ended lower on Monday,  under pressure from disappointing Thanksgiving sales from No. 1  retailer Wal-Mart Stores Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=WMT.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;WMT.N&lt;/A&gt;, while tech stocks drew  support from Apple Computer Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=AAPL.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;AAPL.O&lt;/A&gt; and drove the Nasdaq  to its highest close in 10 months.
Brazil's Trade Surplus Is Biggest Ever Brazil racked up its biggest trade surplus in history last year, but the country's export boom of everything from soybeans to automobiles is expected to ease in 2005.
Chinese officials have little hope for trapped miners BEIJING - Authorities in Central China are holding out little hope of finding alive the 116 men trapped in a coal mine in Shaanxi province.
Myanmar Junta #39;s Detention of Suu Kyi Leaves US Disappointed #39; Myanmar #39;s military rulers should end the detention of opposition leader Aung San Suu Kyi and allow her National League for Democracy to operate, the US State Department said.
Bush Picks Kellogg CEO as Commerce Chief  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Bush on Monday chose  Carlos Gutierrez, the Cuban-born CEO of Kellogg Co, as his  nominee to be commerce secretary, his second selection of a  Hispanic for a second-term Cabinet.
ADV: Investment Letter Performance Leaders Looking for independent stock research with results?  Fredhager.com portfolio B was up 187 #37; in 2003.  Hager is setting the pace for performance again in 2004.
Five Former Natural Gas Traders Charged  HOUSTON (Reuters) - Federal prosecutors on Monday charged  five former natural gas traders with reporting fake prices to  industry publications in a bid to manipulate commodity prices.
Willis Hires Top Marsh Executive  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Insurance broker Willis Group Holdings  Ltd. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=WSH.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;WSH.N&lt;/A&gt; on Monday said it hired a top executive from  embattled rival Marsh   McLennan Cos. Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MMC.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;MMC.N&lt;/A&gt;
Oil Rises After Norwegian Platforms Shut Because of Gas Leak Crude oil in New York rose for a fifth session as a gas leak closed two North Sea oil platforms, causing the shutdown of 205,000 barrels a day of production.
Merck moves to protect top officers Merck said Monday that its board had adopted a plan that would pay hefty severance packages to about 230 employees if the company were acquired or a proxy fight ended in the board being replaced.
Five Former Natural Gas Traders Charged Federal prosecutors on Monday charged five former natural gas traders with reporting fake prices to industry publications in a bid to manipulate commodity prices.
Wall Street stocks end mixed following sales warning from Wal-Mart NEW YORK : US stocks closed mixed as a warning over November sales from retail giant Wal-Mart Stores Inc cast a shadow over Wall Street, sparking fears that Christmas shoppers might spend less than expected.
Bush supports strong US dollar US President George W Bush #39;s administration supported a  quot;strong (US) dollar quot; while trusting the market to set its value, Treasury Department spokesman Tony Fratto said today.
TechBrief: A new chip on the block Sony, IBM and Toshiba on Monday disclosed some of the first details of their Cell chip, jointly developed by the three companies, that will form the basis of the next generation of PlayStation game consoles.
Sun snacks on SevenSpace #39;s software services Sun Microsystems today made a somewhat unusual move by acquiring a small software outsourcing firm - SevenSpace. Sun is looking to have SevenSpace operate as part of its managed services business.
Celtics #39; West breaks right hand CBC SPORTS ONLINE - Delonte West of the Boston Celtics is sidelined indefinitely because of a broken right hand. West, 21, suffered the injury during the second quarter of Sunday #39;s 106-104 setback at Miami.
UN chief names troubleshooter The UN secretary general chooses his new chief of staff to help reform the world body at a difficult stage.
Bush picks Hispanic executive as commerce secretary WASHINGTON: President George W. Bush on Monday nominated the Cuban-born chief executive of the food giant Kellogg to serve as commerce secretary and to promote US business at a time  quot;of historic opportunity for our changing economy.
Retailers Seen Posting Modest Nov. Sales US retailers are expected to post modest November sales this week, with No. 1 retailer Wal-Mart Stores Inc. (WMT.N: Quote, Profile, Research) already cutting its holiday 
Tsunami survivor rescued at sea An Indonesian woman swept to sea by the tsunami is rescued by a passing ship after five days adrift.
A time of testing for global democracy Votes this month could mark advances in the Middle East, but history shows that democracy requires time, commitment.
Redknapp #39;s final straw Claims that Portsmouth chairman Milan Mandaric fell out with former manager Harry Redknapp over the money paid to agents involved in transfers were denied yesterday by Jim Smith, Redknapp #39;s assistant.
Sharon survives no-confidence votes Prime Minister Ariel Sharon has narrowly survived three parliamentary no-confidence votes sponsored by left-wing and religious opposition parties over deepening poverty in Israel.
Suu Kyi #39;s house arrest extended Burma #39;s opposition party says its leader, Aung San Suu Kyi, has had her house arrest extended for another 12 months until September next year.
Bush to ask for help in Afghanistan and Iraq, sources say (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - OTTAWA (CP) - U.S. President George W. Bush will ask for Canadian help in Afghanistan and Iraq when he arrives on Parliament Hill on Tuesday and sources say he'll get it - eventually.
Photo: Bashing bioterror "Hazmat:Hotzone" is a networked multiplayer simulation that trains first responders to a terrorist attack.
Dollar little moved against euro as US reiterates belief in  #39; &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; NEW YORK (AFP) - The US dollar was little changed against the euro on Monday, after it slumped to a historic low against the European currency at the end of last week, as the markets awaited the release of fresh US economic data in the coming week.
After Bell: Hot Topic Falls, Micromuse Up Shares of clothing retailer Hot Topic (HOTT.O: Quote, Profile, Research) fell nearly 10 percent in extended-hours trading on Monday after it cut its fourth-quarter earnings forecast, citing lackluster sales of accessories.
Traders decrease yuan bets HONG KONG Traders on Monday decreased bets that the yuan would be allowed to strengthen after Prime Minister Wen Jiabao of China said increasing speculation in the currency would delay an easing of its fixed exchange rate to the US dollar.
Bush Picks Kellogg CEO for Commerce Post (AP) AP - President Bush picked Carlos Gutierrez, the chief executive officer of cereal giant Kellogg Co., as commerce secretary Monday, working to build a new economic team to help sell second-term overhauls of Social Security and the tax code.
Sun To Acquire MSP SevenSpace Sun Microsystems Monday expanded its growing managed services business with an agreement to acquire SevenSpace, a small managed services company based in Ashburn, Va.
FSU and West Virginia Headed to Gator Bowl  TALLAHASSEE, Fla. (Sports Network) - Florida State and West  Virginia will meet in the Gator Bowl on New Year's Day.
Cuba Frees Three Dissidents from Prison  HAVANA (Reuters) - Cuba released three imprisoned  dissidents on health grounds on Monday in what opposition  activists called a bid to end a diplomatic standoff with the  European Union.
Push for rule of law in West Bank The return of noted reformer Nabil Amr to Palestinian politics comes at a crucial juncture.
IBM invigorates LTO tape storage LTO (linear tape open)-based drives are invigorating the tape storage market. New third-generation LTO drives from Certance and IBM are powering the trend.
Kingdom to Raise Oil Output Capacity to 12.5m bpd: Naimi JEDDAH, 30 November 2004 - Saudi Arabia plans to raise its oil production capacity to 12.5 million barrels per day from the current 11 million bpd over the next few years, Petroleum and Mineral Resources Minister Ali Al-Naimi said yesterday.
Annan Names New Chief of Staff, Reform Push Seen  UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - U.N. Secretary-General Kofi  Annan on Monday chose the head of a high-profile U.N. agency as  his new chief of staff to help institute reforms and combat  allegations of scandals.
Falcons sign Alge Crumpler to six-year contract extension After signing a new six-year contract worth about \$26 million, the Pro Bowl tight end caught the winning touchdown pass for the Atlanta Falcons in a victory over New Orleans.
SE Asian Nations Seek Free Trade Zone with Rising China The deal signed at the annual Association of South East Nations (Asean) summit in Laos commits most of the countries to lower tariffs on goods by 2010, with an extension to 2015 for four 
Detroit Cops Think They Know Chair Tosser (AP) AP - Police believe they know the identity of the man who threw a chair in a brawl between players and fans during the Indiana-Detroit game on Nov. 19.
Miller's Deal With Brewers Is Finalized (AP) AP - Catcher Damian Miller's  #36;8.75 million, three-year contract with the Milwaukee Brewers was finalized Monday after team doctors allayed concerns over his health.
Industry doubts Boeing, Lockheed launch team viable Facing increasing budget pressures, the US Air Force is considering asking rivals Boeing Co. (BA.N: Quote, Profile, Research) and Lockheed Martin Corp.
Cingular posts \$650M with AT amp;T Says that amount would have been earned for the first 9 months of 2004, before AT amp;T purchase. LOS ANGELES, (Reuters) - Cingular Wireless would have posted a net profit of \$650 million for the first nine months 
Ebersol's Son Feared Dead After Crash (AP) AP - The 14-year-old son of NBC Sports chairman Dick Ebersol was presumed dead Monday after a fiery jet crash that killed two crewmen and left the injured executive and another of his sons begging bystanders for help.
FA to ban spitter Diouf El-Hadji Diouf is expected to receive a three-match ban for spitting in Arjan de Zeeuw #39;s face during Bolton #39;s Premiership match against Portsmouth on Saturday.
Ponting slow to declare Australia #39;s coach John Buchanan was forced to defend his captain Ricky Ponting #39;s decision to delay his declaration until four overs after lunch on the fourth day of the second Test against New Zealand in Adelaide.
A fight destined to become a classic Saturday night #39;s super featherweight title bout between Marco Antonio Barrera and Erik Morales at the MGM Grand Garden Arena is sure to be 2004 #39;s fight of the year and will be included among 
Cracknell to take a year off British rowing looks set to lose the services of two of its Olympic champions in the space of 24 hours. Today Matthew Pinsent, who has won four Olympic gold medals, is expected to announce his retirement.
Mayor, Council Prepare For Stadium Vote WASHINGTON -- The delayed decision on a planned \$440 million baseball stadium to house the Washington Nationals appeared close to the necessary seven votes Monday, with District of Columbia Council Chair Linda W. Cropp pledging not to stand in the way.
Cuba Restores Contacts with European Embassies  HAVANA (Reuters) - Cuba ended a diplomatic deadlock with  eight European Union nations on Monday in response to proposals  by EU officials to stop inviting dissidents to National Day  receptions in Havana.
US Says Iran Increasingly Isolated, Pressured, on Nuclear Issue The Bush administration says the new International Atomic Energy Agency resolution on Iran shows that Tehran is increasingly isolated over its nuclear program.
Annan  #39;surprised #39; at son #39;s link to oil-for-food scandal The United Nations has revealed that the son of the secretary general, Kofi Annan, worked for a company being investigated in the Iraqi oil-for-food scandal for four years longer than he first admitted.
IAEA Agrees on Plan to Police Iran Nukes (AP) AP - The U.N. nuclear agency agreed Monday on a plan for policing Iran's nuclear programs designed to avoid a showdown at the United Nations. But Iran's representative immediately raised questions about the wording of the pact, and the United States said it retained the right to take the case to the U.N. Security Council on its own.
Resignation of disgraced Fiji VP fails to quell anger over prison release (AFP) AFP - The resignation of disgraced Fiji Vice-President Ratu Jope Seniloli failed to quell anger among opposition leaders and the military over his surprise release from prison after serving just three months of a four-year jail term for his role in a failed 2000 coup.
The JM Smucker Company Announces Strategic Actions ORRVILLE, Ohio, Nov. 29 /PRNewswire-FirstCall/ -- The JM Smucker Company (NYSE:SJM) today announced several actions to refine its portfolio and improve its cost base as well as service levels in support of its long- term strategy.
LSU Going Miles to Fill Coaching Vacancy  BATON ROUGE, La. (Sports Network) - LSU has named Les Miles  its new head football coach, replacing Nick Saban.
Utah's Smith to Turn Pro  SALT LAKE CITY (Sports Network) - Utah standout quarterback  Alex Smith has apparently decided to take his skills to the  next level, opting to skip his senior season and enter April's  NFL Draft.
IBM Unveils Latest  #39;On-Demand #39; Tech Center com. IBM on Monday unveiled a technology lab for customers looking to test the company #39;s products for managing computer resources based on business demands.
Upgrade downs 80,000 UK government computers Staff at the United Kingdom #39;s Department for Work and Pensions were unable to use their PCs this week after a routine software upgrade knocked out 80 percent of the computers in the sprawling department.
FOOTBALL: I FEAR LOVELL WILL LEAVE US LIKE NOVO JONAY HERNANDEZ fears Dundee striker Steve Lovell could be set to follow Nacho Novo out of Dens Park. Lovell continued his impressive start to the season by shaking off a virus to bag a double 
Human rights activist to stand in Egyptian presidential election (AFP) AFP - Egyptian-American sociologist and human rights activist Saad Eddin Ibrahim said he is planning to stand in the process to elect Egypt's next president that kicks off in May.
With ban imminent, Prince William joins fox hunt (AFP) AFP - Britain's Prince William went fox hunting, six weeks before the controversial centuries-old bloodsport is to be banned forever, a spokeswoman said.
Senior Hamas Leader Holds Out Possibility of Cease-Fire with &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; A senior leader of the Islamic militant group Hamas says his organization will not stand in the way of an Israeli-Palestinian peace agreement if it is fair for the Palestinians.
Smucker #39;s To Close Salinas Facility In 2005 SALINAS, Calif. -- The JM Smucker Co. announced Monday that it will close its Salinas facility by the end of 2005. The closure is the result of restructuring of operations, company officials said.
IBM opens on-demand lab com November 29, 2004, 4:35 PM PT. This fourth priority #39;s main focus has been enterprise directories for several months, but for many IT managers, ERP (enterprise resource planning 
Aung San Suu Kyi still under house arrest The Myanmar government has extended for a third time the house arrest of Nobel Laureate Aung San Suu Kyi, the BBC said Monday. U Lwin, a spokesman for Aung #39;s National League 
Gold Fields investors snub bid Harmony #39;s bid to create the world #39;s biggest gold miner suffered a blow yesterday when the first part of its offer for South African rival Gold Fields received a lukewarm reception from shareholders.
UPDATE 1-US backs strong dollar, expects Chinese FX reform America has not changed its strong dollar policy and still expects China to make its own currency more flexible, a Treasury official said on Monday, shrugging off comments from Beijing that had jolted markets.
Bombardier shares drop to new lows after third Bombardier jet &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; MONTREAL (CP) - Shares in Bombardier Inc. fell to new lows Monday, partly due to the crash of another of its jets on Sunday, the third fatal crash of a Bombardier aircraft in two months.
Suicide Bomber Kills 12 in Attack on Iraqi Police (Reuters) Reuters - A suicide car bomber plowed into\policemen waiting to collect their salaries at a police station\west of Ramadi Monday, killing 12 people in the latest\insurgent attack on Iraq's beleaguered security forces.
HD-DVD Gains Three Backers November 29, 2004 - After months of momentum for Blu-ray, HD-DVD has shot back with a big gain - studio support. Toshiba Corp., which has been developing the HD-DVD format, announced it has lined up Warner Bros.
Chiefs QB Trent Green Questionable (AP) AP - Quarterback Trent Green was undergoing X-rays of his sore ribs Monday and is listed as questionable for this week's game at Oakland.
James, Marion named NBA Players of the Week NEW YORK (Ticker) -- Forwards LeBron James of the Cleveland Cavaliers and Shawn Marion of the Phoenix Suns on Monday were named the NBA #39;s Eastern and Western Conference Players of the Week.
Insurgents Kill 7 Iraqi Security Forces (AP) AP - Insurgents stepped up attacks on Iraq's fledgling security forces, killing seven Iraqi police and guardsmen Monday in a suicide bombing hours after storming a police station north of the capital. The military reported five new U.S. deaths.
Gunmen Kill Photojournalist in Mexico (AP) AP - Gunmen killed a newspaper photographer as he and his family ate in a restaurant in the northwestern state of Sinaloa, the home turf of nearly all of Mexico's top drug bosses, authorities said Monday.
Canada to boost defence and security commitments during Bush visit (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - OTTAWA (CP) - Canada may eventually agree to send soldiers to train Iraqi military officers but it won't make any commitments when U.S. President George W. Bush visits the capital on Tuesday.
Al-Qaeda deputy in new tape Ayman al-Zawahri, Osama Bin Laden's suspected right-hand man, appears in a video on Arab TV.
Broncos Game Big for Chargers (AP) AP - It's been a long time since the San Diego Chargers played as big a game as they'll have Sunday, when they host the Denver Broncos.
HP updates Openview to meet business needs Hewlett-Packard will use this week #39;s Software Universe conference in Madrid to announce a revamp of its Openview enterprise systems management software.
MPs demand action on DWP mess MPs are demanding action after a routine software upgrade at the Department for Work and Pensions left 80 of desktop PCs unable to link to core mainframe-based social security systems.
Microsoft offers to replace fake Windows XP Users who fear that their Windows XP software might be counterfeit could get free legitimate replacements from Microsoft under a scheme announced last week.
Even with a patchwork secondary, the Patriots just keep on winning As both the weeks and the wins pile up for the Patriots, the more preposterous it becomes. Already it #39;s as farfetched and fanciful as anything that has happened in the NFL this season, Ben Roethlisberger #39;s magic carpet ride included.
Chirac names ally to replace rival THE French president promoted a staunch ally to replace a popular finance minister, strengthening his hand ahead of an expected struggle for the governing party #39;s 2007 presidential nomination.
Stock Fund Inflow Slows To  #36;7.17 Bil (Investor's Business Daily) Investor's Business Daily - A tight election and volatile stock market slowed investor enthusiasm for stock mutual funds in October, but their appetite appeared to increase in November.
Chinese PM Redirects Blame for Currency Rates to Washington Chinese Prime Minister Wen Jiabao has rejected pressure for exchange rate reforms and criticized the United States for not doing its part to keep the dollar from weakening.
Peru Starts Offensive to Reclaim Siege Town (Reuters) Reuters - Peruvian police and troops on Monday\launched an offensive to retake a police station in a southern\Andean town and end a three-day siege by ex-soldiers demanding\the resignation of unpopular President Alejandro Toledo.
Lehman Brothers Names Christopher M. O #39;Meara Chief Financial &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; NEW YORK, Nov. 29 /PRNewswire-FirstCall/ -- Lehman Brothers, the global investment bank, today announced that Christopher M. O #39;Meara, 43, has been named Chief Financial Officer.
Sony PlayStation 3 to use Cell chip Sony announced that, in partnership with IBM and Toshiba, it is working on developing a Cell chip, which is designed to deliver high-definition content in an efficient manner.
Sharman turned blind eye to copyright filtering, court told Sharman Networks was able to filter Kazaa to prevent copyright infringement, but instead chose to build a massive user base for advertising revenue, the Federal Court heard on day one of the peer-to-peer provider #39;s widely-anticipated trial.
Government lab, company lead project to develop nuclear fission &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; SALT LAKE CITY -- If hydrogen created in a nuclear reactor ever winds up fueling cars and homes and businesses decades from now, it might all owe its thanks to a pottery kiln.
SCO Group Web Site Attacked Again Software maker SCO Group has been targeted by hackers once again. This time, the company #39;s Web site was defaced. The attacks began during the long holiday weekend and were first noticed 
Sun to buy remote-management firm Sun Microsystems has signed a deal to acquire SevenSpace, a company whose technology is expected to expand Sun #39;s remote-management services beyond what #39;s possible with the computing giant #39;s own equipment.
McGrath keeps up the pressure New Zealand were clinging on for dear life at 149 for five as play came to a close at the Adelaide Oval on the fourth evening. Their main hope was rain, for the fifth-day forecast 
Tourists hoping to surprise Aussies at home PAKISTAN cricket coach Bob Woolmer is hoping his new look team can catch Australia by surprise when their three Test series starts next month.
McGee makes debut on Hall of Fame ballot If popularity was part of the criteria, Willie McGee almost certainly would be a first-ballot inductee into the National Baseball Hall of Fame.
Stanley Works buying two security companies NEW BRITAIN, Conn. (Dow Jones/AP) _ The Stanley Works agreed to buy Security Group Inc., a maker of locks and access systems, and said it completed the acquisition of Cal-Dor Specialties Inc.
HP rejiggers utility computing line Hewlett-Packard next year will take a fresh approach to its utility computing initiative with a product designed to lower the cost of running corporate computing systems.
Project Aims to Develop Hydrogen Power A government laboratory and a private company announced a \$2.6 million project Monday to develop hydrogen in a nuclear reactor using a process with 
Beijng may reconsider deals on Microsoft software The Beijing municipal government may reconsider its software procurement since it became target of criticism for giving Microsoft the lion #39;s share of a large software purchase order, analysts say.
Valve prevails in cyber-cafe rights case Judge rules that VU Games is  quot;not authorized quot; to distribute Valve games in cyber-cafes; other claims, amount of damages remain at issue.
Dragon Quest VIII Playtest November 29, 2004 - IGN picked up Dragon Quest VIII on Saturday along side at least one full percent of the population of Japan, then rushed home to play the game.
Armored Core: Clean Front November 29, 2004 - Being part of the PSP launch doesn #39;t just mean being the first to play PlayStation Portable games. Sure, that part #39;s cool -- as is lording over your friends and family as one of the only 
Rowing: Cracknell takes year out to seek new challenges James Cracknell confirmed yesterday that he will be taking a year out from his rowing career, a day before his fellow gold medallist from the Olympic fours at this year #39;s Olympics, Matthew 
Burns to stay on as Smith agrees four-year deal with Scotland The Scottish Football Association yesterday made a formal offer to the former Rangers manager and, pending the ratification of his appointment at a board meeting on Thursday, Smith will be officially unveiled as the successor to Berti Vogts on a four-year 
Cuban Gov't Releases Several Dissidents (AP) AP - At least three of the original 75 dissidents arrested in a broad crackdown last year were released for health reasons Monday, according to friends, relatives and local rights activists. The surprise move raised hopes for additional releases in the coming days.
Baseball Ace Scout Rex Bowen Dies at 93 (AP) AP - Rex Bowen, the great baseball scout who signed Bill Mazeroski, Maury Wills and Dick Groat, died at 93.
IAEA not to refer Iran #39;s nuclear issue to UN The Board of Governors of the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) Monday afternoon decided that it will not submit Iran #39;s nuclear issue to the UN Security Council for discussion.
Australian PM makes ASEAN debut under pressure to sign non-aggression pact (AFP) AFP - Australian Prime Minister John Howard meets Southeast Asian leaders in Laos under growing pressure to sign a non-aggression pact with them to dispel concern about his policy of pre-emptive strikes.
AP: EPA Looking at Using Tests on People (AP) AP - In setting limits on chemicals in food and water, the Environmental Protection Agency may rely on industry tests that expose people to poisons and raise ethical questions.
Sportsview: Effort Benefits Steelers (AP) AP - All the Buffalo Bills had to do to make the playoffs was beat a Pittsburgh team playing Brian St. Pierre at quarterback, Willie Parker at running back and a bunch of other no-names.
Dollar Rebounds; Tone Cautious on U.S. Jobs  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The dollar rebounded on Monday after  last week's heavy selloff, but analysts were uncertain if the  rally would hold after fresh economic data suggested the  December U.S. jobs report due Friday might not live up to  expectations.
Wells Fargo Takes Control of Strong (AP) AP - Banking giant Wells Fargo  amp; Co. has taken control of embattled mutual fund provider Strong Financial Corp., completing an acquisition negotiated more than seven months ago under the cloud of a financial scandal.
Brazil's Trade Surplus Is Biggest Ever (AP) AP - Brazil racked up its biggest trade surplus in history last year, but the country's export boom of everything from soybeans to automobiles is expected to ease in 2005.
VW considers opening Indian plant Volkswagen confirms it is looking at the possibility of opening an Indian production facility, but insists it has yet to make a final decision.
IBM, Sony, reveal plans for  #39;Cell #39; chip TOKYO - IBM, Sony and Toshiba on Monday announced the first technical details of the widely-anticipated  quot;Cell quot; processor, also known as a  quot;supercomputer on a chip, quot; with Power architecture at its heart.
Are you sitting comfortably? Then let #39;s spy This priority retains its ranking at number five as more and more companies deploy Web services to share business logic, data and processes with each other and with clients.
Smith set for Scotland job but Knox may join Gough WALTER Smith is expected to be named as the new Scotland manager this week but the identity of his assistant remains unclear, with his long-term sidekick Archie Knox wanted by Richard Gough to be the No2 at Livingston.
Gatlin, Hayes win US Jesse Owens Awards Olympic champions Justin Gatlin and Joanna Hayes won the 2004 Jesse Owens Awards by USA Track  amp; Field (USATF) on Monday. The awards, named in honor of the late Olympic great 
Warning over US pensions deficit Leading economists say US taxpayers may have to pay for a pensions shortfall at the agency that protects pensions funds.
Annan Says His Son #39;s Payments Created a  #39;Perception Problem #39; The United Nations secretary general, Kofi Annan, said yesterday that he had not known that his son had continued receiving payments until February of this year from a Swiss inspection company 
Online Shopping Increases, Malls And Stores Report OK Sales Minneapolis (WCCO) Were you part of the shopping opener this weekend? Malls and department stores report sales were not spectacular.
Halliburton settles insurance dispute Halliburton Co. said Monday a bankruptcy judge approved the final insurance settlement agreements between Halliburton subsidiaries and insurance carriers.
UPDATE 1-Perry acquires 9.89 percent stake in Mylan Labs Investment firm Perry Corp. on Monday said it holds a 9.89 percent stake in Mylan Laboratories Inc. (MYL.N: Quote, Profile, Research) , exceeding the holdings of financier Carl 
Celtics Beat Magic 117-101 to End Skid (AP) AP - Doc Rivers got his team back on track while gaining a measure of revenge on his old squad, and the Boston Celtics snapped a four-game losing streak by beating the Orlando Magic 117-101 on Monday night.
Spot On: Dragon Quest VIII fever hits Japan A years-long phenomenon continues as crowds gather to buy the latest installment of Square Enix #39;s RPG series. TOKYO--When it comes to the popularity of video games in Japan, one of the franchises that can #39;t 
Scientists unveil project to extract hydrogen in nuclear reactors If hydrogen created in a nuclear reactor ever winds up fueling cars and homes and businesses decades from now, it might all owe its thanks to a pottery kiln in Salt Lake City.
Government procurement cannot save china #39;sl software industry Recently, the Government Procurement Office of Beijing Municipality issued the Notice of Beijing Municipal Information Office on the Result of the Government Procurement Project for Copyrighted Software Vendors of Computer Operating Systems, Office Suites 
DoCoMo, MMO2 to Offer I-Mode Service in UK, Ireland (Update1) NTT DoCoMo Inc., Japan #39;s largest mobile-phone operator, and MMO2 Plc will introduce a cellular- phone service in the UK, Ireland and Germany based on the Japanese carrier #39;s i-mode wireless Internet technology.
Score One for Gordon Freeman November 29, 2004 - Valve announced today that it won summary judgement against Vivendi Universal Games in Valve #39;s suit regarding cyber cafe game licensing.
Fratton fracas HARRY REDKNAPP and Milan Mandaric face a sensational public showdown today to thrash out the crisis at Portsmouth. Pompey chairman Mandaric, in a bid to clear the air, has agreed to sit side 
US thwarted over Iran This latest IAEA resolution on Iran isn #39;t the result the United States wanted. Its own intense lobbying at successive IAEA Board of Governors meetings has consistently recommended that the 
I still believe in Eta train-bomb link, says Aznar The former prime minister of Spain, Jos Mara Aznar, mounted a vigorous defence of his decision to commit troops to Iraq yesterday as he became the first ex-premier to face questioning by a parliamentary commission.
William Safire:  #39;My Son, My Son Thanks to Claudia Rosett, an enterprising reporter writing in The New York Sun, the world now knows that some information put out by Secretary General Kofi Annan about his son #39;s involvement with a Swiss inspection company at the heart of the UN oil-for 
Body of NBC Executive's Son Believed Found  MONTROSE, Colo. (Reuters) - The body believed to be that of  NBC Sports Chairman Dick Ebersol's 14-year-old son was  recovered on Monday from under the wreckage of an aircraft that  crashed in western Colorado and killed two others, officials  said.
Son's Payments on Deal Disappoint Annan (AP) AP - Secretary-General Kofi Annan said Monday he was "very disappointed and surprised" that his son had continued to receive payments until this February from a firm that had a contract with Iraq's oil-for-food program, the subject of numerous corruption investigations.
Fresh Floods Kill at Least 26 in the Philippines  MANILA (Reuters) - Floods and landslides caused by heavy  rains killed at least 26 people in the northern and central  Philippines, disaster officials said on Tuesday, a week after  storms left about 160 dead or missing.
Yushchenko seeks confidence vote Opposition leader Viktor Yushchenko pursues a vote in parliament, as the crisis in Ukraine continues.
Reeling Merck Offers Officers a Bonus Deal With its stock plunging, the drug giant Merck has adopted a plan that could give its top executives big bonuses if the company is taken over.
Kellogg appoints Jenness CEO after Gutierrez resigns to join &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; DETROIT Kellogg has appointed James Jenness as chairman and chief executive, following the resignation of Carlos Gutierrez. The cereal maker #39;s board of directors elected the 58-year-old Jenness during a special meeting.
Intelsat buy-out to be reviewed The proposed \$5bn buy-out of Intelsat will be renegotiated after one of its satellites malfunctioned causing disruption to the services of Playboy, the spacecraft #39;s anchor tenant.
Halliburton Units Win Approval of Asbestos Settlement (Update1) Halliburton Co., the world #39;s largest oilfield-services company, said a bankruptcy judge approved a \$1.5 billion settlement of asbestos claims between two of its subsidiaries and insurers.
Biffa upturn helps to steady Severn Severn Trent, the UK water and waste group, saw first-half profits hit by the weak US dollar, as well as a 15m pension fund charge.
Beijing signs pact for Asean trade VIENTIANE, Laos China moved yet another step closer in cementing its economic and diplomatic relationships with Southeast Asia today when Prime Minister Wen Jiabao signed a trade accord at a regional summit that calls for zero tariffs on a wide range of 
Aznar stands by his claim of Eta link to bombings Jos Mara Aznar, Spain #39;s former prime minister, accused the Socialist government yesterday of failing to investigate suspected links between Islamic terrorists and Basque separatists.
Suicide bomber kills 12 in attack on Iraqi police BAGHDAD: A suicide car bomber ploughed into policemen waiting to collect their salaries at a police station west of Ramadi overnight (NZT), killing 12 people in the latest insurgent attack on Iraq #39;s beleaguered security forces.
The Process of Picking a Winner Poses Issues The college football season enters its final weekend on Saturday, but the suspense surrounding the Heisman Trophy is already gone.
TA agrees to acquire Bulgaria #39;s MobilTel Telekom Austria yesterday said it had agreed to buy MobilTel, Bulgaria #39;s leading mobile telephone operator, in a step widely seen as preparing the way for a big share placement in the Austrian group.
Pension hit adds to woes at Severn Severn Trent said last night it was still investigating alleged wrongdoing by its staff as it reported a 6.5 slump in first-half profits and predicted lower second-half growth from its services side.
Stanley buying Indianapolis lock firm NEW BRITAIN, Conn. -- The Stanley Works has agreed to buy Indianapolis-based Security Group Inc., a maker of locks and access systems.
Martha Stewart subscribers renewing at brisk pace New York (Dow Jones) -- Readers of Martha Stewart #39;s flagship magazine are renewing their subscriptions at a pace well ahead of industry norms.
Body of NBC TV exec #39;s son believed found GRAND JUNCTION, Colo. - Moments after surviving a horrific plane crash, Charles Ebersol frantically begged bystanders for help in rescuing his kid brother from the wreckage:  quot;Can you please help get him 
Oil Down 3 Pct as U.S. Winter Stays Mild  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Oil prices slid 3 percent on Monday on  expectations that more mild U.S. weather at the start of the  New Year will limit heating oil demand.
Hollywood snubs Sony #39;s new DVD format By Michiyo Nakamoto in Tokyo and Scott Morrison in San Francisco. Sony has suffered a big setback in its bid to set the standard for next-generation DVDs as four Hollywood studios announced they would support a rival technology backed by Toshiba.
Turn yourself into a diamond: tips on having a good life A think tank of British scientists has come up with a new way of quickening the intellect -- a brain-taxing spin on the old formula of 100 things to do before you die.
Bode Miller takes super-G event American Bode Miller won his first World Cup super-giant slalom Sunday, making him the first man to open an Alpine World Cup season with victories in three different disciplines and just the fifth skier to win a World Cup race in all four disciplines.
NCAA Game Summary - Purdue at North Carolina State Raleigh, NC (Sports Network) - Julius Hodge scored 22 points and pulled down eight rebounds to lead 16th-ranked North Carolina State to a 60-53 victory over Purdue in the ACC/Big Ten Challenge at the RBC Center.
Chirac gathers his loyalists Herv Gaymard, France #39;s agriculture minister and an ally of President Jacques Chirac, yesterday became the finance minister after Nicolas Sarkozy left to pursue presidential ambitions.
UK ; Northern Irish parties scramble to seal deal UK News, LONDON - Gerry Adams, the head of the IRA #39;s political ally has held unprecedented talks with Northern Ireland #39;s police chief amid frantic efforts to seal a lasting settlement in the London-ruled province.
Whales and dolphins beached in Australia More than 120 whales and dolphins died after swimming on to beaches on two southern Australian islands, where rescue teams were yesterday desperately trying to prevent others becoming stranded.
Lapid Angrily Questions the Rabbis Decision to Vote for the Budget (IsraelNN.com) Addressing a Shinui faction meeting on Monday, party leader Minister of Justice Tommy Lapid angrily questioned how rabbis can be opposed to the Gaza Disengagement Plan while instructing United Torah Judaism to vote in favor of the state 
Dollar Higher Vs Yen  TOKYO (Reuters) - The dollar rose against the yen on  Tuesday on weaker than expected Japanese output figures, but  traders said that recent heavy selling of the U.S. currency had  not ended.
Bush Nominates Kellogg Executive for Commerce Secretary President Bush on Monday nominated Carlos M. Gutierrez, among the most prominent Hispanic business executives in the United States, to be his commerce secretary 
Packers Lead Rams 7-0 After One Quarter (AP) AP - Brett Favre started his 200th straight regular season game Monday night, but it was Green Bay's defense that gave the Packers a 7-0 first-quarter lead over the St. Louis Rams.
Sony, Partners Offer Glimpse Of  #39;Cell #39; Chip IBM, Sony Corp., Sony Computer Entertainment and Toshiba Corp. said Monday that the companies had  quot;powered on quot; the first workstation designed around the collaboratively designed  quot;Cell quot; processor, which will begin pilot production next year.
Valve Wins Round One Back in September we reported on the legal battle between Valve and Vivendi surrounding the  quot;cyber cafs quot; issue where Valve served Sierra On-Line, the then-Half-Life publisher, in August 2002, suing for copyright infringement in violation of the 
Celtics 117, Magic 101 Doc Rivers got his team back on track while gaining a measure of revenge on his old squad, and the Boston Celtics snapped a four-game losing streak by beating the Orlando Magic 117-101 on Monday night.
US Calls on UN Chief to Release All Oil-for-Food Facts Washington #39;s ambassador to the United Nations has urged Secretary-General Kofi Annan to promptly release all information concerning the scandal-ridden Iraq oil-for-food program.
Pakistan Test Fires Ghaznavi Missile ISLAMABAD, Pakistan : Nov 30 (SADA) - Pakistan conducted a test of its nuclear- capable ballistic missile on Monday as part of efforts to boost its defenses, the state-run television reported.
Retailers Post Unimpressive Holiday Sales (AP) AP - The holiday shopping season got off to a modest start after bargain-hunters jammed malls on Friday for early bird specials but did less buying the rest of the weekend after the sales ended.
Pilots and Makers of Copters Defy the Aviation Slump In an aviation world of bankrupt airlines and despondent employees, the helicopter business is a relatively happy and optimistic niche.
Unilateral action can stop the dollar #39;s slide The dollar has been trading at, or close to, its all-time low in European currency markets, prompting calls for the European Central Bank to intervene to stop the dollar #39;s slide against the euro.
Bush Taps Kellogg CEO Gutierrez as New Commerce Secretary WASHINGTON - President Bush (search) prepared Monday to name his nominee to head the Commerce Department (search), and he is expected to revamp his economic team in the near future.
Yukos Chief Plans Return To Russia The American chief executive of Yukos, the embattled oil producer whose top executives left Russia a week ago because they feared government prosecution, said yesterday that he  quot;fully intends 
Four Studios Give Backing to a Format for DVD #39;s A group of companies led by the Toshiba Corporation made a major advance in the effort to define a new DVD standard as Paramount and three other Hollywood studios announced on 
Australia on brink of victory Australia were on the verge of wrapping up a 2-0 win in the series when New Zealand, chasing 464 for victory, reached lunch at 243 for nine on the fifth day of the second and final test on Tuesday.
Strawberry And Boggs Are On Hall Ballot Wade Boggs, a five-time American League batting champion, and Darryl Strawberry, an eight-time All-Star, are among 12 players who will appear on the Hall of Fame ballot for the first time.
Pacers Won #39;t Comply With Police Request The Indiana Pacers have told law enforcement officials in Michigan that Pacers players will not submit to interviews as part of the investigation into the brawl that 
Myanmar #39;s PM  quot;yet to confirm quot; Suu Kyi #39;s extended detention VIENTIANE : Myanmar Prime Minister Soe Win could not confirm reports that his government had extended democracy leader Aung San Suu Kyi #39;s period of house arrest by a year, Thailand #39;s prime minister said.
Bhopal Victims Not Fully Paid, Rights Group Says Almost 20 years after the world #39;s worst industrial disaster, a gas leak from a Union Carbide pesticide factory in Bhopal that immediately killed 7,000 people and 
Pacers Won't Comply With Police Request The Indiana Pacers have told law enforcement officials in Michigan that players will not submit to interviews as part of the investigation into the Nov. 19 brawl.
Update 1: Ex-Disney Director Testifies About Eisner A former Walt Disney Co. director testified Monday that Disney chief executive Michael Eisner told her in a December 1996 telephone conversation that then-Disney President Michael Ovitz was being fired and was eligible for a large severance package.
Hollywood Steps Into Video Format Fight (AP) AP - Three top Hollywood studios are throwing their considerable weight behind one of two competing formats for the next generation of DVDs, citing in part the need to stem piracy.
Online Retailers See Thanksgiving Surge (AP) AP - Computer-savvy consumers did plenty of online shopping over the Thanksgiving weekend, giving companies like Amazon.com and walmart.com the same kickoff to the holiday season as department stores and malls had.
Industry Claims Kazaa Copyright Pirate An Australian federal court has been told that Sharman Networks, the developer of file swapping technology Kazaa, is the largest music piracy system ever seen.
Mexico's Fox Vows Justice in Mob Slayings (AP) AP - President Vicente Fox on Monday promised the relatives of a federal police officer burned alive by an angry mob that he would ensure those responsible for the killing are punished and that police authorities who failed to come to his aid would be investigated.
AUSTRALIA CLOSE TO VICTORY Australia need just one wicket to claim victory over New Zealand in the second Test in Adelaide. The tourists had lunch on day five on 243 for nine, chasing 464 to win - a Test record for a team batting last 
Honda's Minimoto Maxii Tops Kids' Wish Lists-Yahoo (Reuters) Reuters - Video games are so last\Christmas. This year, kids want wheels.
Asean abandons move to censure Burma over human rights abuses South-east Asian govern-ments yesterday abandoned attempts to censure Burma publicly for its human rights abuses, with officials admitting in private that they 
Paisley appears ready to compromise to secure place in history Ian Paisley has made a career out of obstructing efforts to find a political accommodation between Northern Ireland #39;s warring communities.
Dalai Lama arrives in Southern Russian Buddhist Republic Tibetan spiritual leader the Dalai Lama arrived in Elista, the capital of south Russian Buddhist region of Kalmykia, on his first trip to Russia, which Moscow terms as a  #39;pastoral visit #39;.
'Skulls' Mobile Security Threat Seen Low-McAfee (Reuters) Reuters - A computer program known as\"Skulls" with potentially destructive capability aimed at\advanced mobile devices was seen as a low threat because it had\not targeted consumers, security software maker McAfee Inc.\said on Monday.
IBM And Chip Partners Take Aim At Intel (Investor's Business Daily) Investor's Business Daily - IBM revealed on Monday some milestones in its march to roll out a powerful new chip for consumer devices next year, a product that promises to heat up its rivalry with No. 1 chipmaker Intel.
Booming China Awash in 'Out of Control' Acid Rain (Reuters) Reuters - China's explosive economic growth is\outpacing environmental protection efforts, leaving the country\awash in "out of control" acid rain, the China Daily said\Tuesday.
Project Aims to Develop Hydrogen Power (AP) AP - A government laboratory and a private company announced a  #36;2.6 million project Monday to develop hydrogen in a nuclear reactor using a process with the potential to one day trim the country's reliance on fossil fuels.
Witness Deferred to Eisner on Ovitz Firing A former director of the Walt Disney Company, Richard A. Nunis, testified Monday that he deferred to the decision of Michael D. Eisner, the chief 
US-based Stanley Works buying two security companies Stanley Works has agreed to buy Security Group Inc., a maker of locks and access systems, and said it completed the acquisition of Cal-Dor Specialties Inc.
Halliburton says court approves insurance accords Halliburton Co. (HAL.N: Quote, Profile, Research) said on Monday a bankruptcy judge approved the final insurance settlement agreements between Halliburton subsidiaries and insurance carriers.
Canadian Inventor Lets Everyone Be an Armchair Spy New Internet-based technology could soon turn regular computer users into armchair spies, a Canadian inventor said on Monday. Vincent Tao, an engineer at Toronto #39;s York 
Setback for Microsoft as Beijing scraps deal Beijing #39;s city government has cancelled a controversial purchase of Rmb29m (\$3.5m, 2.6m, 1.8m) of software from Microsoft after local rivals complained about the way the deal was handled.
Game Recreates JFK #39;s Assassination NEW YORK - Just in time for Monday #39;s 41st anniversary of President John F. Kennedy #39;s assassination, a tasteless Internet game is being launched that lets players be Lee Harvey Oswald.
Monday #39;s Top 25 Capsules John Lucas scored 24 points to lead No. 6 Oklahoma State to a 76-57 victory over SMU on Monday night. Oklahoma State coach Eddie Sutton won for the 759th time, tying Ed Diddle for eighth place on the Division I career list.
Rison Given Option for Release Former Pro Bowl receiver Andre Rison was given the option of paying \$10,000 to get out of jail after spending almost a month locked up for failing to pay child support.
China Agonizes as Hope Vanishes for Missing Miners Investigators have determined that back-to-back coal-dust and gas blasts ripped through a mine in northern China killing at least 50 workers and leaving more than 110 trapped and feared dead, said reports on Tuesday.
Burma Extends Suu Kyi #39;s Detention Burma #39;s ruling military junta has placed Aung San Suu Kyi, the country #39;s charismatic opposition leader, under an additional year of house arrest, dashing hopes 
Shouldering a Giant Load Giants rookie quarterback Eli Manning will take an 0-2 record as a pro starter into Sunday's game against the Redskins at FedEx Field.
'Skulls' Mobile Security Threat Seen Low-McAfee  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - A computer program known as  "Skulls" with potentially destructive capability aimed at  advanced mobile devices was seen as a low threat because it had  not targeted consumers, security software maker McAfee Inc.  said on Monday.
Hot Stove Warms D.C. With the Redskins sputtering through another disappointing season, the area can now enjoy a new diversion: offseason baseball maneuvering.
Cricket: Australia finish off NZ Australia secure a 213-run win to seal a 2-0 Test series win over New Zealand.
Still Waiting on a Bowl The Peach Bowl has released Virgnia from consideration, and is expected to announce that it will invite the loser of Saturday's Miami-Virginia Tech game to play Florida on New Year's Day.
Sony Takes on iPod with New Hard Disk Walkman  AMSTERDAM (Reuters) - Sony Corp &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=6758.T qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;6758.T&lt;/A&gt; unveiled its first  MP3-compatible, hard disk Walkman music player on Tuesday in an  attempt to recover ground lost to Apple Computer's &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=AAPL.O qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;AAPL.O&lt;/A&gt;  iPod.
The Latest BCS Drama The real drama of the latest BCS standings -- the last before the final rankings are issued Sunday -- was the razor-thin margin separating No. 4 California and No. 5 Texas.
Canadian Inventor Lets Everyone Be an Armchair Spy  TORONTO (Reuters) - New Internet-based technology could  soon turn regular computer users into armchair spies, a  Canadian inventor said on Monday.
Hughes Scores Huge Wizards guard Larry Hughes is on pace to finish with career-highs in all major categories, keying the Wizards' early-season success.
Goals Still in View The Ravens are focusing on the positives following a 24-3 loss to the Patriots. Baltimore is still in playoff position and faces two losing teams in the next two weeks.
Toshiba Wins HD DVD Support from 4 in Hollywood  TOKYO (Reuters) - Toshiba Corp. on Monday said it had won  support for the HD DVD optical disc standard from four  Hollywood studios, advancing its cause in the battle for the  next-generation DVD.
Wolfpack Edge Purdue Julius Hodge scores 22 points to lead No. 16 North Carolina State past Purdue, 60-53, Monday night in Raleigh. The Wolfpack improve to 5-0 with the victory.
Lawyers Not Close Lawyers on both sides of Atlanta's Dany Heatley's vehicular homicide case said Monday they are not close to agreeing on a plea deal that would keep his case from going before a jury.
Bradley in Trouble Again Dodgers outfielder Milton Bradley is charged with disorderly conduct after interfering with a traffic stop near Akron, Ohio.
Celtics Snap Skid Boston coach Doc Rivers gets a measure of revenge on his old squad as the Celtics beat the Magic, 117-101, Monday night for their first win in five games.
States' Rights Defense Falters in Medical Marijuana Case Justices expressed little inclination to view drug policy as an issue by which states can displace regulation of homegrown marijuana.
U.S. Officials Build a Powerful Partnership in Iraq Much of the U.S. strategy in Iraq has become balancing a military campaign with diplomatic maneuvering and economic assistance.
Satellite Failure May Jeopardize Intelsat Deal Commercial satellite operator Intelsat Ltd. lost use of one of its satellites Sunday -- a mishap that left some Internet customers without service and could thwart a proposed \$5 billion deal to sell the company to a group of four venture capital firms. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;
Sundance Opens Competition to Foreign Films &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; By Bob Tourtellotte&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - The Sundance Film Festival, thepremier U.S. showcase for independent cinema, named the filmson Monday that will compete at its 2005 festival in January,including documentaries energy company Enron and Peru'sfugitive president, Alberto Fujimori.&lt;/p&gt;
New File System Constrains Treo 650 Storage Capacity PalmOne will offer a free memory card to address the problem.
Sony, IBM, and Toshiba Reveal Additional Details on Cell Chip Initial versions of PlayStation 3 chip will not be produced with a cutting-edge chip-making technology.
IBM, Sony and Toshiba Unveil Cell Processor IBM, Sony and Toshiba unveiled some of the key concepts of their jointly developed advanced microprocessor, code-named Cell, which is aimed at next-generation computing applications and digital consumer electronics.
Australia Beats New Zealand, Seals Sweep of Test Cricket Wins Australia beat New Zealand by 213 runs in the second cricket Test at Adelaide to clinch a 2-0 series victory and complete a winning record against all nine teams at the sport #39;s elite level.
Hip-Hop's New World to Conquer: Your Phone At the top of Billboard magazine's Hot Ringtones chart: Snoop Dogg and Pharrell's "Drop It Like It's Hot."
Around the World, With 13 Fuel Tanks and a Single Seat The GlobalFlyer, a single-seat airplane designed to make the first solo, nonstop, unrefueled flight around the world, is a feat of engineering.
Four Studios Give Backing to a Format for DVD's Four Hollywood studios announced that they would release films in the group's high-definition DVD format by the end of next year, an advance in the effort to define a new DVD standard.
Ad Spending Rises, Particularly on the Net A report on advertising spending showed strong growth across most media in the first nine months of the year, with Internet advertising increasing the most.
Judge Dismisses Suit Against Oracle Officers A judge dismissed a lawsuit against two officers of the Oracle Corporation that accused them of insider trading before the company announced an earnings shortfall in 2001.
NTT DoCoMo, Mm02 Sign Deal Japan #39;s top cell phone operator NTT DoCoMo Inc. and major British mobile carrier mm02 plc reached an agreement that will allow mobile telephone users in Britain, Germany, and Ireland to surf the Internet on the handsets, DoCoMo said Tuesday.
Now everyone can spy TORONTO: New internet-based technology could soon turn regular computer users into armchair spies, a Canadian inventor says. Vincent Tao, an engineer at Toronto #39;s York University said he has invented a mapping 
Skulls program carries Cabir worm into phones Virus writers have unleashed a second version of the  quot;Skulls quot; Trojan horse and packaged it with a cell phone virus, a security company has warned.
Plucky tail can #39;t save Kiwis Australia finished off a clinical 213-run win over New Zealand just after lunch Tuesday on the fifth day of the second cricket test to secure a series sweep.
Police Say They #39;ve Identified Man Who Threw Chair in Pistons &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Police in Auburn Hills, Mich., believe they know the identity of the man who threw a chair in a brawl between players and fans during the Pacers-Pistons game on Nov. 19.
USC, Oklahoma Retain Positions Southern California and Oklahoma stayed on course for a clash over college football #39;s national title at the Jan. 4 Orange Bowl yesterday after putting more distance between their respective No.
QB Shuffle For Cards And Bears Two games after abruptly benching Josh McCown in favor of Shaun King, Green announced yesterday that John Navarre, a rookie from the University of Michigan, will start Sunday #39;s game at Detroit.
India ; 20 years on, Bhopal #39;s gas tragedy continues India News, Bhopal, That cold night 20 years ago in this capital of the central Indian state of Madhya Pradesh changed Chiraunji Bai #39;s life forever, just as it did for tens of thousands of others.
Son #39;s Payments on Deal Disappoint Annan UNITED NATIONS - Secretary-General Kofi Annan said Monday he was  quot;very disappointed and surprised quot; that his son had continued to receive payments until this February from a firm that had a contract with Iraq #39;s oil-for-food program, the subject of numerous 
College Basketball: Oklahoma State, N.C. State Win  DALLAS (Sports Network) - John Lucas poured in a game-high  24 points to lead No. 6 Oklahoma State over SMU, 76-57, at  Moody Coliseum.
Five in Texas Are Accused of Reporting False Trades Five former traders were indicted yesterday in Houston on charges of reporting false trades to industry newsletters to manipulate natural gas prices.
Disney characters on trial Not exactly the things you #39;d like your boss to be saying about you in your performance appraisal. And wouldn #39;t it be a little embarrassing if those opinions from the boss were somehow made public 
Dollar Firms as Focus Turns to US Data The dollar firmed slightly against the euro on Monday, recovering from last week #39;s record low and a 4-1/2-year trough against the yen as traders turned their sights to economic data due later in the week.
Are you sitting comfortably? Then let #39;s spy New Internet-based technology could soon turn regular computer users into armchair spies, a Canadian inventor said on Monday. Vincent Tao, an engineer at Toronto #39;s York University, said he has invented a mapping 
Viral threat to 3G phones pumped up IF YOU LOOK CLOSELY at the two most widely reported  #39;viruses #39; for Symbian phones, you #39;ll realise that only a dunderhead would actually manage to get infected.
I #39;ll stand and fight THIERRY HENRY admits he and Patrick Vieira are putting their bodies on the line to keep alive Arsenals Premiership and Champions League dreams.
Miller, Mirabelli finalize deals as free-agent market resumes Damian Miller #39;s \$8.75 million, three-year contract was finalized by the Milwaukee Brewers and Doug Mirabelli became the first of Boston #39;s 16 free agents to re-sign, agreeing to a \$3 million, two-year deal Monday.
IAEA endorses Iran #39;s N-freeze: US insists on taking action VIENNA, Nov 29: Iran escaped UN censure over its nuclear programme on Monday but Washington, which accuses it of seeking an atomic bomb, said it reserved the right to take the case to the Security Council on its own.
Sony Takes on iPod with New Hard Disk Walkman Sony Corp (6758.T: Quote, Profile, Research) unveiled its first MP3-compatible, hard disk Walkman music player on Tuesday in an 
Suu Kyi detention extended YANGON, Nov 29: The detention period of the Myanmar #39;s detained democracy leader Aung San Suu Kyi has been extended by another year, her party officials said on Monday.
Britain admits cost of ID cards will be almost double estimate (AFP) AFP - The British government has admitted the cost of introducing identity cards will be almost double its original estimate of three billion pounds (5.6 billion dollars, 4.3 billion euros)), the Financial Times reported.
China Agonizes as Hope Vanishes for Missing Miners (Reuters) Reuters - Investigators have determined that\back-to-back coal-dust and gas blasts ripped through a mine in\northern China killing at least 63 workers and leaving 103\trapped and feared dead, state media said on Tuesday.
Reeling Merck Offers Officers a Bonus Deal With its stock plunging, drug giant Merck has adopted a plan that could give top executives big bonuses if the company is taken over.
Leader Offers Fresh Election For Ukrainians Government unity seemed to crumble as the president proposed a new election and the Supreme Court heard complaints of fraud.
Merck Adopts Severance Safeguards for Executives Drugmaker Merck  amp; Co., under financial siege since pulling its top painkiller Vioxx off the market in September, said Monday it has adopted a plan that 
Singapore and India to sign free-trade pact in 2005 SINGAPORE : Singapore and India are now ready to sign a wide-raging economic agreement to boost trade and investment after resolving all outstanding issues, an official statement said.
Nielsen #39;s Concessions End Fight With Univision Univision Communications Inc. and Nielsen Media Research Inc. have dropped lawsuits against each other over the rollout of Nielsen #39;s controversial  quot;personal people meters, quot; which critics said 
DC #39;s Thayer Gets Stake in BFI Canada Thayer Capital Partners, a DC private-equity partnership that buys companies, agreed to a deal that will give it a 24 percent stake in one of Canada #39;s largest trash haulers.
Kazaa created for lawful purposes, court told The Federal Court in Sydney has been told the creators of the popular file-sharing software, Kazaa, cannot be held responsible if people use it to illegally swap music files.
Motorola using Microsoft ActiveSync protocol for Linux smartphone Motorola, Inc. has announced interoperability between its MotoSync technology-enabled mobile phones and Microsoft Exchange Server 2003.
CRACKNELL TAKES YEAR OFF Olympic rowing hero James Cracknell has revealed a lack of hunger was behind his decision to take a year away from the sport. The 32-year-old, who was part of the British gold-medal winning coxless fours in 
California bears burden of making point that it #39;s BCS-worthy This week #39;s Bowl Championship Series saga picks up where last week #39;s left off. As you might recall, California needed Texas to beat Texas A amp;M to keep its hopes of going to its first Rose Bowl in 45 years.
Nuggets 76, Hornets 67 Earl Boykins scored 22 points to help the Denver Nuggets overcome the absence of Carmelo Anthony and defeat the New Orleans Hornets 76-67 on Monday night.
Burma Extends Democracy Leader #39;s Detention Detained Burmese pro-democracy leader Aung San Suu Kyi has been told she will be held under house arrest until at least next September, a spokesman for her political party said.
N-capable Ghaznavi missile test-fired ISLAMABAD: Pakistan early Monday test-fired its indigenously developed short-range nuclear-capable Ghaznavi missile, the Inter Services Public Relations (ISPR) said in a statement.
Body of NBC Official's Son Is Believed Found in Crash The body of a teenager believed to be the son of Dick Ebersol was found Monday in the wreckage of a corporate jet that crashed during takeoff.
Disparity Is Growing Between Conferences The N.F.C. has only one presumed heavyweight, the Philadelphia Eagles. By contrast, 10 victories in the A.F.C. might not be enough for some teams to reach the playoffs.
The Giants' Warner, a Backup, Speaks Up The person insisting loudest that the Giants' offense has bigger problems than Eli Manning is Kurt Warner, the quarterback who was benched in favor of Manning.
Judge Dismisses Big Rights Suit on Apartheid A federal judge in New York dismissed a human rights suit yesterday against 35 major corporations that did business in South Africa under apartheid, dealing a blow to rights lawyers who have 
TSA backs off no-bid contract plan for airport security equipment WASHINGTON The idea of a no-bid contract for maintaining airport security equipment has turned into a non-starter for the Transportation Security Administration.
Severn Trent First-Half Net Falls 27 on Pension Cost (Update1) Severn Trent Plc, the UK #39;s second- largest publicly traded water company, said first-half profit fell 27 percent because of higher pension charges and the impact of exchange rates.
Kazaa Now Offers Free Internet Phone Calling Feature According to wire reports Sharman Networks has added Internet-based phone calls to the popular file-sharing program Kazaa. Legal experts are quoted as saying that this may be a preemptive by Sharman Networks, which owns Kazaa, to legitimize the software.
Volunteers spread word of Firefox By day, Alexander Vincent is a mild-mannered secretary for a Vallejo real estate broker. By night, he #39;s an online crusader protecting users of a new Internet browser from glitches and security bugs.
Dragon Quest VIII Dungeon Details The latest information from Square Enix on Dragon Quest VIII focuses on the dungeons, which take full advantage of the game #39;s 3-D graphics.
Australia Beats NZ for Sweep of Test Cricket Wins (Update1) Australia beat New Zealand by 213 runs in the second cricket Test in Adelaide to clinch a 2-0 series victory and complete a winning record against all nine nations at the sport #39;s elite level.
FOOTBALL: WENGER #39;S PAT ON THE BACK ARSENE WENGER fears title rivals Chelsea will break the bank to sign Steven Gerrard during the January transfer window but said he is still not as good as Patrick Vieira.
Walter Smith offered Scotland coaching job According to a BBC Scotland report, Smith has been in talks with the Scottish Football Association about the job which became available after German Berti Vogts resigned earlier this month.
UN agency agrees to police Iranian enrichment freeze as US voices &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; VIENNA, Austria - The UN nuclear agency agreed on ways to police Irans suspension of some nuclear programs, but a US official said Washington might still try to take the case to the Security Council.
Dalai Lama Arrives in Russia The Dalai Lama arrived in Elista, the capital of the Russian internal republic of Kalmykia, on Monday. Dalai Lama XIV did not plan any meetings on his first day in Russia.
Kellogg CEO to head Commerce Department President Bush said yesterday that he had tapped one of the nation #39;s most prominent Cuban-Americans, Carlos Gutierrez, chief executive officer and chairman of the board of Kellogg Co.
TSA Reconsiders Technology Contract The Transportation Security Administration yesterday said it would resume plans to seek bids for a large technology maintenance contract, ending consideration of a proposal to give the 
HK PRESS: PSA Takes HK Port Stake For HK\$2.6 Billion HONG KONG (Dow Jones)--PSA International will pay at least HK\$2.6 billion for majority control of Asia Container Terminals, giving Singapore #39;s state-owned port operator the strategic foothold in Hong Kong #39;s port that it has long coveted, reports the South 
Grassley Defends Whistle-Blower Food and Drug Administration whistle-blower David J. Graham believes he will soon be transferred or fired in retaliation for telling a congressional hearing that the agency is falling short 
HP rejiggers utility computing line Hewlett-Packard next year will take a fresh approach to its utility computing initiative with a product designed to reduce the cost of running corporate computing systems.
Skulls Trojan teams up with Cabir worm Virus writers have unleashed a second version of the morbid-looking Symbian Trojan  #39;Skulls #39; and packaged it with one of the first mobile phone viruses, dubbed Cabir.
Microsoft Licenses ActiveSync For Motorola, PalmOne Smart Phones Microsoft has licensed its ActiveSync technology to OEM partners Motorola and PalmOne to enable a new class of non-Windows smart phones to wirelessly synchronize with Exchange Server 2003.
Turn yourself into a diamond: tips from science on a good life &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; A thinktank of British scientists has come up with a new way of quickening the national intellect - a brain-taxing spin on the old formula of 100 things to do before you die.
Australia finish off New Zealand Australia wrapped up a 2-0 win in the series with a 213-run victory in the Second Test in Adelaide. New Zealand, chasing an unlikely 464 for victory, put up little resistance as they lost their last five wickets for 100 runs.
Miller:  quot;I #39;ma real skier! quot; His remark, of course, was half in jest, fuelled by the euphoria of a clean sweep of the World Cup season thus far. With Super-G wins in Soelden and Lake Louise, and the Lake Louise downhill as well, Miller #39;s 
Redknapp  #39;forced out #39; THE arrival of Velimir Zajec as Portsmouth #39;s director of football was the final straw for manager Harry Redknapp, his assistant coach Jim Smith told the BBC today.
This season more jolly with playoff Set aside, for a moment, the Twelve Days of Christmas. And consider what the coming holiday season would be like with the Twelve Teams of Playoffs.
U.S. Military Seeks Plane With Six Aboard (AP) AP - The U.S. military said Tuesday that it was searching for three civilian crew members and three military passengers who were aboard an aircraft that went missing over Afghanistan.
China mine death toll increases More than 100 men are trapped and feared dead after a gas explosion at a coal mine in central China on Sunday. Dangerous carbon monoxide levels are hampering rescue efforts, but one official said it was impossible for anyone to have survived.
China mine death toll increases At least 63 miners are known to have died after Sunday's mine explosion, with more than 100 missing.
Torture victims slam Chile payout Groups representing torture victims of Chile's former military government reject a proposed compensation deal.
PSA buys key stake in Hong Kong port operator Singaporess PSA gained a much-sought foothhold in Hong Kong with an agreement to buy a stake in Asia Container Terminals, a port operator in the worlds busiest container hub, from Sun Hung Kai Properties.
Indian Ocean Island Pleads for Relief (AP) AP - Bambooflat island is only a 20 minute ferry ride from the capital of this Indian archipelago, yet no relief for the tsunami victims had arrived by Saturday, leaving some 2,000 families angry and desperate for humanitarian aid.
Sun Devils, Aggies closing in on Holiday Bowl berths SAN DIEGO ---- The official announcement will be made Sunday, but barring any wild surprises, Arizona State and Texas A amp;M will be the participants in the Holiday Bowl on Dec. 30.
NCAA Game Summary - Oklahoma State at SMU Oklahoma State also holds an 8-3 mark in Dallas versus the Mustangs...Graham #39;s twin brother Stephen recorded nine points and a game-high 10 rebounds for the Cowboys...Bobik was 3-of-4 from long range. Dallas 
Jayhawks Breeze No. 2 Kansas does not face much of a challenge as it rolls through an overmatched Nevada team, 85-52, on Monday night.
Favre's 200th Straight Start Is a Win Brett Favre topped 20 touchdown passes for the 11th straight season in the Green Bay Packers' rout of the St. Louis Rams on Monday night.
Italy braced for general strike Millions of Italian workers are expected to take part in a general strike against \$8bn in government spending cuts.
Bacteria Enlisted for New Trials on Dental Health Can genetically engineered bacteria prevent tooth decay? A small biotechnology company is about to take the first step toward answering that question.
Mets Top Red Sox in Offer to Martnez The Mets submitted a three-year guaranteed contract to Boston pitcher Pedro Martnez worth approximately \$38 million.
Retailers Seen Posting Modest Nov. Sales US retailers are expected to post modest November sales this week, with No. 1 retailer Wal-Mart Stores Inc. already cutting its holiday outlook on high oil prices and warmer weather.
Golden rings cheaper but list dearer Want a gift to please your honey this holiday season and save some bucks, too? Consider five golden rings, the fifth gift in the classic holiday song  quot;The Twelve Days of Christmas.
Courts and Torts: Vetting Compensation Even the The Incredibles would have a hard time rescuing the Walt Disney Co. #39;s compensation committee from their current predicament.
Hedge fund targets Coke for devaluation LONDON - A former Wall Street stockbroker plans to start a hedge fund in an ambitious drive to halve the value of Coca-Cola #39;s shares within 12 months.
Retailers Seen Posting Modest Nov. Sales (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. retailers are expected to post\modest November sales this week, with No. 1 retailer Wal-Mart\Stores Inc. already cutting its holiday outlook on high oil\prices and warmer weather.
Studios line up behind competing new DVDs Three large Hollywood studios are throwing their weight behind one of two competing formats for the next generation of DVDs, citing in part the need to stem piracy.
Sun extends multi-platform services offerings Sun Microsystems has entered into an agreement to acquire SevenSpace, a privately-held company based in Ashburn, Va. SevenSpace will broaden Sun #39;s Managed Services offerings to include heterogeneous environments 
The Benefits Of The New Firefox Browser You probably heard of the new Firefox browser version 1.0 recently released by Mozilla. If you are currently using Internet Explorer or Netscape, you are probably wondering if Firefox is better and why is it better.
Goodbye to fossil fuels? Not quite yet It all came down to a small, Utah-made device sitting inside an Idaho pottery kiln. This recent experiment at a national research laboratory in Idaho Falls, Idaho, may pave the way for an efficient means of extracting hydrogen from water.
New  #39;Skulls #39; Mutant Releases Cabir Virus on Phones Anti-virus vendors have spotted a new strain of the  quot;Skulls quot; Trojan sneaking into Symbian-based cell phones, and this one drops the Cabir worm on the devices.
Valkyrie Profile and Dragon Quest VII To Make Another Round At the beginning of the year, Square Enix will be re-releasing two RPGs originally released at the turn of the century. Valkyrie Profile and Dragon Quest VII will be released in Japan under the PS One Books 
Aussies sweep series with 213-run victory over Kiwis ADELAIDE, Nov 30: Australia crushed New Zealand by 213 runs on the final day of the second Test to complete a series clean sweep at Adelaide Oval on Tuesday.
Hopes fade for trapped miners Chenjiashan Mine - Hopes of finding alive 141 workers trapped inside a north China coal pit vanished Monday as officials and angry relatives blamed the disaster on management #39;s drive for profit.
Archbishop seeks to calm  #39;war of words #39; Anglican Archbishop Njongonkulu Ndungane has stepped into the fray between Archbishop Desmond Tutu and President Thabo Mbeki, calling for calm and offering to mediate between the two.
Another oil-food scandal emerges UN Secretary-General Kofi Annan said yesterday he was disappointed in his son for accepting payments from a key contractor in the oil-for-food program for more than four years longer than had been previously acknowledged.
World Failed Bhopal Gas Victims, Says Amnesty London, Nov. 30 (NNN) : The world has failed to help survivors of the Bhopal gas leak in India 20 years ago or to punish the guilty, Amnesty International has said.
Oil Prices Hover Just Below \$50 a Barrel  SINGAPORE (Reuters) - U.S. oil prices hovered just below  \$50 a barrel on Tuesday, holding recent gains on a rash of  crude supply outages and fears over thin heating oil tanks.
Nikkei Slips 0.8 Pct on Data  TOKYO (Reuters) - Japan's Nikkei average fell around 0.8  percent by mid-afternoon on Tuesday after industrial output  data sapped investor appetite for tech issues and profit-taking  hit recent gainers such as Nippon Steel Corp.
Newspaper Publishers Padded Sales Figures Investigations have found that several companies inflated circulation totals and revenue in order to keep advertising rates high.
DOT Says Air Traffic Overhaul Is Flawed An eight-year effort to upgrade the computers for the nation's air traffic control system is "facing obsolescence" before it has been completed, the Department of Transportation inspector general said in a report released yesterday.
Nielsen's Concessions  End Fight With Univision Univision Communications Inc. and Nielsen Media Research Inc. have dropped lawsuits against each other over the rollout of Nielsen's controversial "personal people meters," which critics said undercount the size of minority television audiences.
Thayer Gets Stake in BFI Thayer Capital Partners, a D.C. private-equity partnership that buys companies, agreed to a deal that will give it a 24 percent stake in one of Canada's largest trash haulers.
Temps Lose Bargaining Rights Won In 2000 Temporary workers will no longer be able to bargain for job benefits as part of a unit with permanent employees, the National Labor Relations Board has ruled, reversing a Clinton-era precedent.
Offer gives Harmony 11 of Gold Fields World number six gold miner Harmony Gold on Monday announced that it had secured 10.8 percent of shares in world number four gold miner Gold Fields as a result of its early settlement offer, which closed at 12h00 on Friday.
Judge dismisses Oracle insider trading suit A judge yesterday dismissed a lawsuit against Oracle Corp. Chief Executive Larry Ellison and Chairman Jeffrey Henley that accused them of insider trading before the company announced an earnings shortfall in 2001.
China's annual central economic meeting "imminent" (AFP) AFP - China's senior policymakers are to convene soon for an important annual meeting in Beijing to map out the principles for China's economic plan for 2005, state media reported.
WVU will play Florida State in Gator Bowl The most enjoyable part of Rich Rodriguez #39;s message to his West Virginia football team yesterday was short and sweet. The Mountaineers will play in the Gator Bowl -- probably 
College Basketball: Kansas, Oklahoma State Win LAWRENCE, Kan. (Sports Network) - Wayne Simien scored 14 points with 10 rebounds to lead No. 2 Kansas over Nevada, 85-52, at Allen Fieldhouse.
Sehwag sizzles in Eden sun A Belligerent Virender Sehwag and compact Rahul Dravids unbroken century partnership on Monday shaped Indias sound reply to South Africa in the second cricket Test.
63 are dead, 103 missing, feared lost in China mine BEIJING - The death toll in a coal-mine explosion in central China rose to 63 with 103 workers still missing, the government said today, as toxic fumes slowed rescuers from entering the pit.
ASEAN approves talks with Japan VIENTIANE, Laos -- A day after reaching a deal with China in a bid to create the world #39;s largest free trade zone, the leaders of 10 Southeast Asian nations have approved free trade talks with Japan.
Lover  #39;bumped off #39; - Diana tapes A videotape of the late Princess Diana talking frankly about her sex life with Prince Charles and suggesting that a lover on her royal staff was  quot;bumped off quot; was broadcast on US television on Monday.
US plane missing in Afghanistan The United States military says one of its airplanes carrying six people has gone missing over Afghanistan. The plane was carrying three civilian crew members and three military passengers, a statement said.
Merck files new termination plan BOSTON (CBS.MW) -- Merck  amp; Co. has adopted a new plan to compensate senior management in case of a corporate takeover, according to regulatory filings made Monday.
PSA seen as leading race to buy CSX port assets Singapore-based PSA International is leading a pack of shipping giants, which includes tycoon Li Ka-shing #39;s flagship Hutchison Whampoa, that are prepared to shell out upward of US\$1 billion (HK\$7.8 billion) to buy CSX World Terminals #39; port assets 
France's Renault to invest 570 million dollars in South Korea (AFP) AFP - French auto giant Renault SA said it will invest some 570 million dollars in South Korea over the next three years as part of its global strategy to become a key player in Asia.
Ntini strikes early for Proteas Kolkata - Rahul Dravid and Sachin Tendulkar have consolidated the Indian innings after South Africa #39;s Makhaya Ntini claimed the wicket of Virender Sehwag (88) on the third day of the second Test at Eden Gardens on Tuesday.
Bhopal activists accuse Indian govt of failing to bring main accused to book (AFP) AFP - Activists fighting for victims of the world's worst industrial accident in 1984 have accused the Indian government of dragging its feet on the extradition of the main accused in the case, US industrialist Warren Anderson.
Florida A M Coach Joe Won't Get Extension (AP) AP - Florida A amp;M won't extend the contract of football coach Billy Joe beyond the 2005-06 season.
Italy Faces Strike Day Against Tax Cuts 'For Rich'  ROME (Reuters) - Italy's factories, trains, banks and  planes will come to a standstill for hours Tuesday as unions  stage a general strike to protest at plans for tax cuts they  say will help the rich and cost the public sector.
Olympics, Elections Boost US Ad Sales - Study The Athens Olympics and the US elections boosted total US advertising spending in the third quarter, leaving 2004-to-date spending levels 10.3 above the year-ago level, according to a study released Monday.
Motorola Finalizes Freescale Split The Schaumburg, Ill., tech giant set final plans in a Securities and Exchange Commission filing Monday to distribute to shareholders its remaining stake in the Austin, Texas, chip company.
 #39;There Goes the WOLFPACK!... #39; Delivering a little payback for a loss last season, Kansas defeats Nevada 85-52 in Allen Fieldhouse. Links and images inside. Kansas forward Wayne Simien (23) looks for the basket after getting past Nevada 
Officials Stumped by Australia, NZ Whale Beachings Scientists and wildlife officials continued to search Tuesday for what may have caused a series of mass strandings which left 168 whales and dolphins dead on Australian and New Zealand beaches in the past three days.
Thousands of observers quit Romanian election BUCHAREST (AFP) - Romania #39;s main civil rights group said Monday it was pulling thousands of observers out of the Romanian presidential election after being submerged by an avalanche of fraud allegations.
College Basketball: Kansas, Oklahoma State Win  LAWRENCE, Kan. (Sports Network) - Wayne Simien scored 14  points with 10 rebounds to lead No. 2 Kansas over Nevada,  85-52, at Allen Fieldhouse.
France #39;s Renault to invest 570 million dollars in South Korea SEOUL (AFP) - French auto giant Renault SA said it will invest some 570 million dollars in South Korea over the next three years as part of its global strategy to become a key player in Asia.
Internet Users Left Stranded After Intelsat Satellite Fails (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - Commercial satellite operator Intelsat Ltd. lost use of one of its satellites Sunday -- a mishap that left some Internet customers stranded and could jeopardize a proposed  #36;5 billion deal to sell the company to a group of four venture capital firms.
Screen saver to go on offensive against spam web sites Internet users fed up with spam can go on the offensive by downloading a screen saver aimed at hitting junkmailers in the pocket, according to Net portal Lycos.
Sony Takes on iPod with New Hard Disk Walkman (Reuters) Reuters - Sony Corp (6758.T) unveiled its first\MP3-compatible, hard disk Walkman music player on Tuesday in an\attempt to recover ground lost to Apple Computer's \iPod.
NBA Wrap: Boykins Helps Nuggets Down Lowly Hornets (Reuters) Reuters - Earl Boykins contributed 22 points to\help the Denver Nuggets overcome the absence of top scorer\Carmelo Anthony to defeat the New Orleans Hornets 76-67 Monday.
Brett Favre Shines as Green Bay Mauls St. Louis Brett Favre celebrated his 200th consecutive start by throwing three touchdown passes as the Green Bay Packers destroyed the St. Louis Rams 45-17 at Lambeau Field Monday.
Time for coach to practice patience One door opened and another shut Monday. In the hallway separating the two, a place better known as Cardinals purgatory, Josh McCown watched his career flash before his eyes.
Sybase Partners with IBM to Sell Database Software (Reuters) Reuters - Sybase Inc.  said on Tuesday\that it will partner with hardware vendor IBM  to market\its Linux database software, potentially dealing a blow to Sun\Microsystems, another long-standing partner.
Officials Stumped by Australia, NZ Whale Beachings (Reuters) Reuters - Scientists and wildlife officials\continued to search Tuesday for what may have caused a series\of mass strandings which left 168 whales and dolphins dead on\Australian and New Zealand beaches in the past three days.
UN Panel Proposes New Criteria for Using Force (Reuters) Reuters - A report by a high-level panel\on reforming the United Nations proposes expanding the criteria\for U.N. military action but maintains the need for Security\Council approval, U.N. diplomats said.
Diana video tape screened in US A video of Princess Diana talking about her life is aired on American television.
Annan 'Disappointed' in Son's Lack of Disclosure U.N. Secretary-General Kofi\Annan said on Monday he was "disappointed" his son did not tell him the full story of his ties to a firm involved\in the U.N. oil-for-food program, now under investigation.
Sybase Partners with IBM to Sell Database Software  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Sybase Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=SY.N qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;SY.N&lt;/A&gt; said on Tuesday  that it will partner with hardware vendor IBM &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=IBM.N qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;IBM.N&lt;/A&gt; to market  its Linux database software, potentially dealing a blow to Sun  Microsystems, another long-standing partner.
US Plane in Afghanistan Presumed Crashed -- Sources  KABUL (Reuters) - An aircraft that went missing in central  Afghanistan at the weekend is presumed to have crashed with  three U.S. military passengers and three U.S. civilian crew  aboard, military and security sources said on Tuesday.
Pedestrians and Drivers Beware! Motoboys Are in a Hurry Daring motorcycle messengers seem immune to delays in South America's largest city.
Sony, IBM, Toshiba offer details on upcoming 'Cell' chip The three companies are investing billions of dollars to develop and prepare for mass production of Cell, a multicore semiconductor composed of several processors that work together to handle multiple tasks simultaneously.
Some retailers had luxurious weekend  quot;I think the start was very mixed, quot; said Howard Davidowitz, chairman of Davidowitz  amp; Associates, a national retail consulting and investment banking firm in New York.
Government claims collusion for the first time Investigators looking into price manipulation in the natural gas industry charged five former traders Monday, and for the first time accused workers from different companies of colluding to move the market.
Intelsat sale could fall through Intelsat lost a satellite during the weekend, and that could put its \$5 billion sale to private investors in jeopardy. Intelsat says a sudden and unexpected electrical-distribution anomaly caused the permanent loss of the spacecraft.
California company offers workers  #39;hot deal #39; for purchasing a &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; An environmentally minded California software firm says it will give \$5,000 to every one of its 1,500 US workers who buys a gas-electric hybrid vehicle rated 45 miles per gallon or more in highway driving.
Halliburton says way clear for units to exit bankruptcy An order signed Monday by a federal bankruptcy judge in Pennsylvania clears the way for Halliburton #39;s KBR unit to emerge from bankruptcy by year #39;s end, according to the Houston company.
Reliant plans debt sale of \$4 billion Reliant Energy, a producer of power in 12 US states, plans to sell about \$4 billion in new debt in a refinancing that may cut the company #39;s interest costs.
US movie studios back HD DVD format Four US movie studios have announced their intention to release next-generation DVDs in the Toshiba-backed HD DVD format, the technology firm announced on Monday.
Microsoft Order Pulled by Beijing Amid Focus on Local Products Beijing #39;s municipal government canceled an order for Microsoft Corp. computer software following official complaints that local governments aren #39;t buying enough domestically-developed software.
Favre, Packers pummel Rams CBC SPORTS ONLINE - Quarterback Brett Favre celebrated his 200th straight start with three touchdown passes as the Green Bay Packers defeated the St.
Stanford dismisses coach  quot;It was an extremely difficult decision, quot; Athletic Director Ted Leland said,  quot;but I simply felt that the program was in need of new direction and leadership.
Agency OK #39;s plan to monitor Iran #39;s nuclear programs The UN nuclear agency agreed yesterday on a plan for policing Iran #39;s nuclear programs designed to avoid a showdown at the United Nations.
Sharon says early elections are a political and economic danger &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; After losing two no-confidence motions, PM vows he will do everything in his power to expand Coalition and avoid elections, but stressed, If we are forced to declare elections, we shall.
Four Studios Give Backing to a Format for DVD's Four Hollywood studios announced that they would release films in a new high-definition DVD format by the end of next year, an advance in the effort to define a new DVD standard.
Dollar Recovers Against Euro, Yen  TOKYO (Reuters) - The dollar recovered against the euro and  the yen on Tuesday following poor Japanese output figures,  although many traders suspect the U.S. currency's two-day  reprieve from weeks of heavy selling won't last long.
Harmony puts brave face on 11 Harmony Gold, which has managed to acquire only 10,8 of Gold Fields in the first stage of its hostile take-over bid, put a brave face on its offer yesterday, saying it would immediately launch the second part of its offer for the remaining shares.
Willis Group hires top Marsh broker SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW) -- Willis Group said Monday that it hired a top broker from larger rival Marsh  amp; McLennan, one of the first signs talent is on the move as a result of Eliot Spitzer #39;s probe of the industry.
Martha Stewart Eyeing Reality TV Comeback Martha Stewart is making big plans to return to the small screen next year following her five-month gig in a West Virginia prison.
 quot;Twelve Days of Christmas quot; True Love Gifts Have you ever considered giving your  quot;true love quot; everything offered in the traditional timeless song, Twelve Days of Christmas?
TOSHIBA IN A DVD WIN Four Hollywood studios promised to support Toshiba #39;s next generation of DVD technology, due in stores next fall. The technology, called HD-DVD, is doing battle with Sony 
Cell Phones New Targets For Hackers Since the Skulls virus hit, people are starting to become aware of the fact that cell phones are just as vulnerable to attacks as computers.
Celtics enjoy laugher When Doc Rivers has dinner with Orlando coach Johnny Davis and Magic players Pat Garrity and Grant Hill sometime next summer, there should be some interesting conversation.
Early success for South Africa Rahul Dravid completed a solid half-century as India reached 198 for three at lunch on the third day of the second and final Test against South Africa at Eden Gardens on Tuesday.
China, Asean eye biggest free trade zone VIENTIANE - China and 10 South-east Asian countries signed historic trade pacts to pave the way for the world #39;s biggest free-trade zone by 2010, with a total population of nearly two billion people.
Ukraine president wants new election KIEV, Ukraine -- Facing a relentless tide of opposition protests, embattled President Leonid Kuchma said Monday that a new election might be the only way out of a spiraling crisis that threatens to break up this former Soviet republic between the pro 
Australia accused of double standards as anti-proliferation meeting starts (AFP) AFP - Australia may have "innocently" exported nuclear technology to parties with weapons of mass destruction programs, Defence Minister Robert Hill said on the sidelines of an anti-proliferation forum.
Efforts Made to OK Foreign Born Presidents (AP) AP - The nation's forefathers envisioned a president born in the good ol' U.S. of A.; a red, white and true-blue chief executive for when the band strikes up "Hail to the Chief."
Taking flight in N.H. Manchester Airport is the only one of the three major airports serving the Boston area that has increased its market share since 2001, according to a Boston Globe analysis of passenger data.
A revolution grows up Is the revolution over already? I'm talking about the Internet retailing revolution, which over the past six years has changed the way much of America shops.
Cambridge Heart hits a snag Cambridge Heart Inc. , a small, publicly traded company based in Bedford, has suffered a setback in its bid to persuade Medicare to mandate its tests for a registry of implantable defibrillator patients.
LinuxWorld to visit Hub for 1st time LinuxWorld Conference  amp; Expo will come to Boston for the first time in February, underscoring the area's standing as a hub for the open-source software being adopted by thousands of businesses.
Adapting to shift in tech landscape Research firms rode high during the high-tech boom, advising businesses to use technology to cut costs and boost efficiency.
Short-term T-bill rates up Interest rates on short-term Treasury securities rose in yesterday's auction. The Treasury Department sold \$19 billion in three-month bills at a discount rate of 2.20 percent, up from 2.16 percent last week. An additional \$17 billion was sold in six-month bills at a rate of 2.40 percent, up from 2.37 percent.
Crude nears \$50 a barrel Crude oil futures rose to within a quarter of \$50 a barrel yesterday after a gas leak shut down a North Sea oil production platform, and as traders weighed concerns about heating oil supplies against the fact that temperatures have been mild in recent weeks.
Merck moves to retain key staff Merck  amp; Co. has adopted a severance plan that offers some executives one-time payments of up to triple their salary plus other perks if the troubled pharmaceutical giant is acquired and they lose their jobs.
EU calls dollar's weakness 'unwelcome' The euro's growing strength against the US dollar is  quot;unwelcome, quot; the European Central Bank chief said yesterday as the 12-nation European currency hovered just below a record high.
Gold passes \$450 per ounce for the 1st time since 1988 Gold futures hit a 16-year high yesterday, continuing a bull run that has gold companies  quot;living the dream, quot; according to one industry analyst.
Former owner to operate WBIX-AM Former owner Alex Langer is poised to resume operations of WBIX-AM this week amid signs the station is about to significantly cut back on its signature business news and information programs. Langer sold WBIX to accused embezzler Bradford Bleidt in 2002 for \$10 million, but was still owed \$7 million when Bleidt was arrested and charged this month with stealing ...
Vioxx study's publication derailed by FDA queries Government questions about ''basic data integrity quot; derailed publication of a report raising safety concerns about arthritis drug Vioxx on the eve of a contentious congressional hearing, according to an e-mail exchange.
Studios choose sides in format battle to succeed DVDs Three top Hollywood studios are throwing their considerable weight behind one of two competing formats for the next generation of DVDs.
Dollar Recovers Against Euro, Yen (Reuters) Reuters - The dollar recovered against the euro and\the yen on Tuesday following poor Japanese output figures,\although many traders suspect the U.S. currency's two-day\reprieve from weeks of heavy selling won't last long.
Think tanks see no eurozone rate change Nine leading think tanks in the eurozone have predicted that interest rates will stay unchanged for six months. The forecast comes from a new  quot;Euroframe quot; outlook, in which Ireland #39;s Economic and Social Research Institute is one of the institutes involved.
WILLIS SNAGS MARSH STARS Embattled Marsh  amp; McLennan Cos. has lost more than a dozen brokers in the past six weeks, since Attorney General Eliot Spitzer charged them with bid-rigging and the stock price fell by 40 percent.
Qatar Sees  #36;30 as Fair Price for Oil (Reuters) Reuters - Qatari Energy Minister Abdullah al-Attiyah\said on Tuesday that  #36;30 a barrel was a fair price for oil -- a\level nearly  #36;20 below U.S. crude futures.
 #39;Skulls #39; Mobile Security Threat Seen Low-McAfee A computer program known as  quot;Skulls quot; with potentially destructive capability aimed at advanced mobile devices was seen as a low threat because it had not targeted consumers, security software maker McAfee Inc.
Oates: Favre delivers on hype GREEN BAY - It was clear from the non-stop Brett Favre hype that aired on ABC and its little brother, ESPN, all weekend the television network had pulled some strings with the NFL to get Favre #39;s 200th consecutive start on  quot;ABC #39;s Monday Night Football.
Mets offer reportedly 3 years, \$38M After reportedly having dinner with right-hander Pedro Martinez last Thursday, Mets general manager Omar Minaya has made an offer that tops the one the Red Sox submitted, The New York Times reported.
The BCS shuffle University of Texas head coach Mack Brown didn #39;t have long to savor his team #39;s 26-13 victory over in-state rival Texas A amp;M.
Pakistan #39;s Musharraf sees chance for  #39;peaceful coexistence #39; with &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf said here Monday that he looks forward to  quot;a peaceful coexistence quot; with India as the nuclear-armed neighbors seek to push their peace process forward.
Qatar Sees \$30 as Fair Price for Oil  DOHA (Reuters) - Qatari Energy Minister Abdullah al-Attiyah  said on Tuesday that \$30 a barrel was a fair price for oil -- a  level nearly \$20 below U.S. crude futures.
Japan's Nikkei Average Closes Lower  TOKYO (Reuters) - Japan's Nikkei average closed 0.72  percent lower on Tuesday after weak industrial output data  sapped investor appetite for technology issues, but declines  were limited as the dollar firmed against the yen for a second  day.
Film studios snub Sony DVD format Three Hollywood studios choose to use next-generation DVD technology backed by Toshiba, snubbing a rival product promoted by Sony.
Oracle Takes Over PeopleSoft (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - Oracle (Nasdaq: ORCL) finally has won control of PeopleSoft (Nasdaq: PSFT) after an 18-month takeover battle, making the Redwood Shores, California-based company the world's second-largest vendor of business management applications software.
Russian Buddhists trudge through snow to see Dalai Lama (AFP) AFP - Hundreds of Buddhists in southern Russia marched through snow to see and hear the Dalai Lama as he continued a long-awaited visit to the country in spite of Chinese protests.
Technology NEW HAVEN, Conn. -- Slower growth and reduced profits will likely squeeze three of the nation #39;s top 10 personal computer manufacturers out of the market by 2007, a research firm predicted Monday.
Kazaa owners launch defence in file-swap copyright infringement &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The owners of file-swapping giant Kazaa claimed Tuesday their software, which allows users to exchange copyrighted music and movies online, is no different from video recorders as they launched their defence in a landmark music 
Rescued whales head out to sea as scientists blame weather for beachings (AFP) AFP - Rescuers succeeded in saving most of the whales still stranded on beaches in Australia and New Zealand as scientists pinpointed cyclical weather patterns as a likely cause of increased beachings.
China forges free trade area VIENTIANE, LAOS -- Rising power China moved yesterday to expand its influence in a region long dominated by the United States, signing an accord with Southeast Asian countries aimed at creating the world #39;s largest free trade area by 2010 -- a sprawling 
White House Awaits Proof on Iran Promises (AP) AP - The United States is taking a time out from browbeating Iran about its nuclear weapons, giving way  #151; for now, at least  #151; while the Europeans try to sweet-talk Iran's uranium enrichment to a halt.
Nuclear Freeze Talks Must Not Last Too Long - Iran  TEHRAN (Reuters) - Iran is prepared to keep uranium  enrichment activities frozen as long as nuclear negotiations  continue with the EU, but those talks should not last too long,  Iran's chief nuclear negotiator Hassan Rohani said Tuesday.
Mirabelli signs for two years Hard as they tried, the Red Sox were unable to dissuade Gabe Kapler from bolting to Japan. But they made sure another key bench player will return next season when they enticed Doug Mirabelli to sign a two-year contract worth \$3 million, the richest deal of his career.
Browns linebacker Davis out for season The Patriots will meet yet another team that has a key player missing because of injury, this time on defense.
Hardly cavalier about Cleveland For the Patriots this weekend, it's back to Cleveland, where Bill Belichick and Scott Pioli first got together years ago.
Trojans seeking top of the heap One game into Bridgewater-Raynham's league schedule, the Trojans' season appeared to be over. After losing to Marshfield to open Old Colony League play Oct. 30, the Trojans figured their chances at surviving beyond Thanksgiving were as good as a turkey's. With only four teams in the league, Marshfield seemed a safe bet to garner its playoff berth.
It took a while, but Lions are roaring now For a team coming off back-to-back Super Bowl appearances, Chelmsford sure found itself flying under the radar coming into this season.
It's hardly a weighty issue for Colonials Density may be important in physics, but Acton-Boxboro thinks the concept is overrated -- especially when it comes to its football team.
Fear of ethnic conflict charges Mosul unrest MOSUL, Iraq -- After Saddam Hussein was ousted and his security apparatus collapsed, many Iraqis predicted ethnic war. They feared ethnic militias like the Kurdish Peshmerga would fill the security vacuum and engage in a bloody power struggle.
Ukraine president eyes new vote KIEV -- Facing a relentless tide of opposition protests, embattled President Leonid Kuchma said yesterday that a new election might be the only way out of a spiraling crisis that threatens to break up this former Soviet republic between the pro-Russia east and the Western-leaning rest of Ukraine.
Agency OK's plan to monitor Iran's nuclear programs VIENNA -- The UN nuclear agency agreed yesterday on a plan for policing Iran's nuclear programs designed to avoid a showdown at the United Nations.
Blair urges dialogue with US on climate LONDON -- Prime Minister Tony Blair yesterday urged a new international dialogue with the United States on climate change, weeks before Britain takes over the presidency of the G8 group of industrialized nations.  quot;The most important thing is to try to get a dialogue with America on how we recognize both the scale of the problem on greenhouse gas emissions ...
A brief history of Iran's nuclear program 2002 Jan. President Bush describes Iraq, Iran, and North Korea as an  quot;axis of evil. quot;
A leader indicates Hamas holding off JERUSALEM -- A local Hamas leader indicated yesterday the militant group would not attack Israelis during the Palestinian presidential campaign and would consider a formal truce with Israel in the latest signs of hope for renewed peace efforts in the region.
Sinn Fein leaders, police chief meet in bid for peace accord LONDON -- Leaders of the IRA-allied Sinn Fein party talked with Northern Ireland's police commander for the first time ever yesterday in pursuit of a new peace agreement between Catholics and Protestants.
Tough EU terms for Turkey Draft of document draws framework BRUSSELS -- Turkey will have to accept tough conditions, including de facto recognition of Cyprus and a permanent brake on labor migration, to open European Union entry talks, according to a draft EU summit statement.
Another day of bloodshed for US troops and Iraqis BAGHDAD -- Insurgents stepped up attacks on Iraq's fledgling security forces, killing seven Iraqi police and guardsmen yesterday in a suicide bombing hours after storming a police station north of the capital. The military reported five new US deaths.
Bin Laden deputy vows fight Muslims to 'stand firm,' tape says CAIRO -- Osama bin Laden's top deputy vowed in a videotape aired yesterday to keep fighting the United States until Washington changes its policies.
Colombia backs off claim Bush was targeted BOGOTA -- Colombia's government backpedaled yesterday on a sensational claim made by the defense minister that Marxist rebels wanted to assassinate President Bush during a recent state visit.
Radio Boycott of Skinny Puppy's new album urged Patriotic Americans Boycotting Anti-American Hollywood has sent letters threatening a boycott against radio stations playing the new Skinny Puppy album, The Greater Wrong of the Right.
Retail sales over Thanksgiving weekend good for some The far north Scottsdale Target store rang up better than expected sales during the three days after Thanksgiving. At Superstition Springs Center in Mesa, Bath and Body Works sold out 
Downloader.GK 'Worst Trojan of 2004' (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - The Downloader.GK Trojan was named as the worst piece of malicious code of 2004, according to Spanish anti-virus firm Panda Software.
Oregon tree growers team up for the troops The holiday season keeps the Hansen family busy harvesting, shipping and selling thousands of Christmas trees. However, this year the Hansens, along with 12 
Willis Hires Top Marsh Exec, Stock Rises Insurance broker Willis Group Holdings Ltd. (WSH) on Monday said it hired a top executive from embattled rival Marsh  amp; McLennan Cos.
Martha Stewart Shares Hit a Three Year High Martha Stewart Living #39;s business may not have hit rock bottom yet, but its stock is officially back from the dead. Shares of the struggling media company were up nearly 9 on Wednesday, reaching not only their 
New Cabir Variants Quick To Replicate (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - F-Secure, the Finnish anti-virus software developer, has identified two new, fast-spreading versions of Cabir, the worm that infects cell phones using the Symbian operating system.
DoCoMo #39;s i-mode to expand into Britain, Ireland TOKYO - NTT DoCoMo Inc said Tuesday that it will expand its i-mode Internet-capable cell phone services into Britain and Ireland in the latter half of 2005 by concluding a licensing contract with British cell phone company mmO2 PLC.
SCO Website Defaced Again Malicious hackers have once again compromised The SCO Groups website, the second time in as many days. The messages on the website appear to mock the companys ownership claims over various parts of the Linux operating system.
EDS: The single point of failure After the Child Support Agency (CSA) debacle earlier this month, when it emerged that the 450m system built by EDS still isn #39;t working properly a year and a half after its supposed completion, the DWP crash seemed impossibly incompetent.
CRICKET: Aussies sweep series with 213 run victory Australia defeated New Zealand by a massive 213 runs on the final day of the second cricket Test at Adelaide Oval today. With this victory the Aussies have won the series.
PACKERS: Defense bends, doesn #39;t break GREEN BAY - Ahmad Carroll and Joey Thomas knew they were going to be targeted by the St. Louis Rams #39; pass- happy offense Monday night.
Celtics beat Magic 117-101 to end skid Doc Rivers got his team back on track while gaining a measure of revenge on his old squad, and the Boston Celtics snapped a four-game losing streak by beating the Orlando Magic 117-101 on Monday night.
Woolmer hopeful of Pak show KARACHI, Nov. 28. Coach Mr Bob Woolmer today brushed aside previous Pakistani performances against Australia and said his team could spring a surprise if they played to their potential on their upcoming tour.
Patriots win in all conditions against all kinds of teams The Patriots can be healthy or hurting. The field can be drenched or dry. The opponent might have a stingy defense or a high-scoring offense.
Emmitt reportedly out 2-3 weeks TEMPE, Ariz. - Arizona Cardinals running back Emmitt Smith will miss 2-3 weeks with a toe injury, ESPN reported Monday. And that #39;s not the only change in the starting lineup for the Cards.
AMD Launches Mobile Video Processor (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - Chip manufacturer AMD (NYSE: AMD) today introduced a processor designed to handle\the demands of multimedia content on mobile devices. The latest\iteration of AMD's Alchemy product line, dubbed Au1200, promises to\provide video entertainment for consumers on the move, much like what\MP3 players deliver to music fans.
Survey: Web Holiday Shopping Up 25 Percent in 2004 (Reuters) Reuters - Online shoppers in the United\States spent  #36;23.2 billion during the holidays, excluding\travel, up 25 percent from the 2003 season, according to a new\survey from Goldman, Sachs   Co., Harris Interactive and
Adams and Paisley Edge Towards Peace Deal Gerry Adams shook the hand of Northern Ireland Chief Constable Hugh Orde in Tony Blairs Downing Street office today, as the republican leadership and the Reverend 
Senior Hamas figure ready for cease-fire Hebrew news service Itim quotes Sheikh Hassan Yousef, considered a senior Hamas leader in the West Bank, as saying that Hamas was ready for a ten-year hudna (truce).
Variety is truly the spice of Christmas tree sales What does it take to lure harried Christmas shoppers away from the malls and the prepackaged convenience of an already decorated plastic Christmas tree in a box?
Sorry. Your Eating Disorder Doesn't Meet Our Criteria. For years, doctors have been relying on a vague nondiagnosis known by the acronym Ednos: eating disorder not otherwise specified.
For a Teenage Boy, a Basketball and a Bug Spell Trouble In one young patient, unidentified stalkers seek out openings to attack the vision.
Why Good Friends Don't Always Make Good Doctors When painful medicine is involved, closeness to a patient can make for fuzzy views.
The Great Salt Flats Where did the Bonneville Salt Flats of western Utah come from? Did the same thing create salt flats elsewhere?
Storm pulls wet blanket over holiday sales The first weekend of holiday shopping went from red-hot to dead white, as a storm that delivered freezing, snowy weather across Colorado kept consumers at home.
State Compensation Insurance Fund Files an Average 5 Rate &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 29 /PRNewswire/ -- State Compensation Insurance Fund today announced it has filed with the Department of Insurance an average rate decrease of 5 percent on new and renewal workers #39; compensation 
Asian Stocks Rise for Fourth Day in US Trading; Sony Climbs Asian stocks rose in US trading. Sony Corp. gained after the world #39;s No. 2 consumer-electronics maker agreed to resolve a dispute over patents related to digital cameras.
Fresh Philippine Flooding Kills at Least 26 (Reuters) Reuters - Floods and landslides caused\by heavy rains killed at least 26 people in the northern\Philippines, disaster officials said Tuesday, a week after\storms left about 160 dead or missing.
studios snub Sony DVD format Three Hollywood studios have chosen to embrace next-generation DVD technology backed by Toshiba, snubbing a rival product promoted by Sony.
Favre has big game, but defense pitches in to beat Rams 45-17 The defense that couldnt seem to get a turnover finally got a couple on Monday night. First-round draft pick Ahmad Carroll, facing the stiffest test of his rookie season, scored a touchdown on a fumble 
Pinsent set for Role with IOC Matthew Pinsent has already been guaranteed an influential position in the International Olympic Committee following his expected retirement from rowing, Standard Sport can reveal today.
Leeds Utd reject new takeover bid from Sainsbury His initial takeover was thwarted by Leeds after a failure to provide promised monies two weeks ago. Yesterday, Mr Sainsbury - the great-grandson of the founder of the supermarket chain -evealed he had 
Lawyer IDs fan accused of throwing Palace chair whose face has become famous as police have sought for more than a week to identify him -- finally has a name. Auburn Hills police said Monday that 
Off to a strong start Before lineup introductions, NC State men #39;s basketball coach Herb Sendek pulls each one of his starters aside and offers a word.
U.S. Soldier Killed in Iraq (AP) AP - A U.S. Army soldier died from injuries sustained after a roadside bomb exploded next to his patrol north of Baghdad, the military said Tuesday.
Rison Can Leave Jail With  #36;10K Payment (AP) AP - Former Pro Bowl receiver Andre Rison was given the option of paying  #36;10,000 to get out of jail after spending almost a month locked up for failing to pay child support for more than two years.
Expulsion near for aid officials inside Sudan The government of Sudan is delaying the expulsion of country directors of two British-based aid agencies it has accused of making statements that suggest support for rebels.
Dalai Lama Leads Prayers at Russian Monastery Thousands of Buddhist pilgrims trekked to a temple in the southern republic of Kalmykia today to join prayers led by the Dalai Lama, on his first visit to Russia after years of being denied entry.
Fresh Philippine Flooding Kills at Least 26  GAPAN, Philippines (Reuters) - Floods and landslides caused  by heavy rains killed at least 26 people in the northern  Philippines, disaster officials said Tuesday, a week after  storms left about 160 dead or missing.
Iran Says Nuclear Freeze Talks Must Not Last Long  TEHRAN (Reuters) - Iran reiterated Tuesday it was only  prepared to keep its uranium enrichment activities frozen for a  few months and would not, as the EU and Washington want,  permanently mothball facilities which could make atomic bombs.
Burma crackdown on Indian rebels The Indian army says Burmese troops have begun an offensive to flush out Indian rebel bases in their territory.
Retailers have modest start to holiday shopping season The holiday shopping season began with a surge in spending, but consumers faded by the long Thanksgiving weekends close and many retailers were facing decent but hardly impressive sales.
Oil Prices Hover Just Below \$50 a Barrel US oil prices hovered just below \$50 a barrel on Tuesday, holding recent gains on a rash of crude supply outages and fears over thin heating oil tanks.
Wal-Mart asks for reversal of ruling in workers #39; suit Wal-Mart asked an appeals court to overturn a ruling allowing 1.6 million female workers seeking billions of dollars in back pay to sue the company for discrimination as a group.
Univision drops suit against Nielsen LOS ANGELES - Univision Communications Inc. said Monday it dropped a lawsuit against Nielsen Media Research Inc. over the firm #39;s new TV rating system, which the Spanish-language broadcaster claimed miscounts its viewers.
Lots of eyes on Disney trial The courtroom drama of shareholders vs. Disney #39;s battling Mikes - Michael Ovitz and Michael Eisner -as become a can #39;t-miss reality show for entertainment industry executives.
Alleged fake trades lead to indictments Federal indictments were unsealed yesterday accusing five former natural-gas traders at three Houston energy companies of reporting fake trades to industry publications.
Hyperion offers employees \$5,000 if they buy hybrid car Business software maker Hyperion Solutions Corp., of Sunnyvale, says it will give \$5,000 to every employee who buys a car that gets at least 45 miles per gallon.
BellSouth Picks a COO BellSouth Corp. (NYSE: BLS - message board) today named Mark Feidler as its new chief operating officer, along with a host of other executive changes.
4 studios support HD DVD Shades of VHS versus Betamax: The war over the next-generation DVD format was launched Monday. Warner Bros., Paramount and Universal studios, as well as minimajor New Line Cinema 
Time to move beyond Explorer So quit fighting. Switch to Firefox, in a newly released 1.0 version. If you already are using Mozilla, a Web browser built using the same architecture as Firefox, then you know most of those benefits of switching.
Favre sets record in Packers #39; rout GREEN BAY, Wis.  Brett Favre threw three touchdown passes in his 200th consecutive start, leading the Green Bay Packers to a 45-17 win over the St.
Cal coming up Roses Texas came up just short and California appears headed to the Rose Bowl, or maybe better, as the Bowl Championship Series #39; second-to-last rankings showed little movement at the top.
Turnovers, early run seal victory for Kansas At first glance, the statistics sheet from last nights basketball game against Nevada indicates that Kansas played exceptionally well defensively.
UN agency backs nuclear deal for Iran The UN nuclear agency agreed yesterday on a European-negotiated plan for policing Iran #39;s nuclear programs. The United States, which claims Iran is trying to build a nuclear 
Twenty years on: Bhopal victims still waiting for compensation ELEANOR HALL: It was one of the world #39;s worst industrial accidents but nearly 20 years after a gas leak devastated a shanty town on the outskirts of Bhopal in central India, many of the tens of thousands of people affected are yet to receive compensation.
KOFI: I #39;M SON-BURNED WASHINGTON - UN Secretary-General Kofi Annan said yesterday he was  quot;disappointed quot; to learn his son Kojo was getting secret payments from a company under investigation for its role in the Iraq oil-for-food scandal.
European Shares Open Modestly Firmer  LONDON (Reuters) - European shares opened modestly firmer  on Tuesday, helped by a reprieve for the battered dollar but  mixed company updates kept a lid on gains.
Kellogg #39;s Cuban-born CEO to lead Commerce Carlos Gutierrez, whose family fled Castro, will head administration efforts to revive the manufacturing sector. By Associated Press.
Shoppers fast out of gate Excitement on Friday as the holiday shopping season got underway cooled before the weekend #39;s close as cautious shoppers browsed and let many deals pass.
Software Firm To Subsidize Employees #39; Hybrid Cars Hyperion said it hopes to encourage other firms to join its clean-driving campaign and has launched a group called the Companies for Clean Air Consortium.
Iraq Oil Infrastructure Losing Billions (AP) AP - When Saddam Hussein's lieutenant heard that an oil pipeline had been sabotaged in Qushqia, his order was swift: blow up the village. Under Saddam, nobody messed with oil.
HP iPaq hx2000 Series Will Be Three Devices On HP #39;s UK site the upcoming hx2000 series is now broken out into three different Pocket PC devices, the HP iPaq hx2750, HP iPaq 2410, and HP iPaq 2110.
Death toll in Philippines storm tops 100 (AFP) AFP - Rescuers were desperately searching for survivors after floods and landslides unleashed by a tropical storm in the Philippines killed more than 100 people, most buried alive under tonnes of debris, officials said.
Packers 45, Rams 17 Green Bay #39;s indomitable quarterback celebrated his 200th straight regular-season start by throwing three touchdown passes and leading the Packers to their sixth straight win Monday night, 45-17 over St.
Soccer spitter accused again English soccer #39;s ruling body charged Bolton forward El-Hadji Diouf with improper conduct for spitting at defender Arjan De Zeeuw during Saturday #39;s 1-0 home loss to Portsmouth.
FLEMING PRAISE FOR AUSSIES New Zealand captain Stephen Fleming was quick to praise Ricky Ponting #39;s Australia side after the Black Caps were beaten by 213 runs in the second Test in Adelaide.
Hawks rout Pack Kansas had one primary goal defensively Monday night and that was to limit the touches of Nevada sharpshooter Nick Fazekas. Before the first half even ended, the Jayhawks knew if 
Doc Rivers wins in return to Orlando Doc Rivers was cheered by his old fans, then his new team gave him a small measure of revenge. Rivers #39; Boston Celtics snapped a four-game losing streak by beating the Orlando Magic 117 
Anthony misses victory The Nuggets needed a record-breaking defensive night to make up for a rim- breaking offensive one Monday night in their 76-67 win over the down and depleted New Orleans Hornets at the Pepsi Center.
Stanford coach #39;s last loss is job Three years ago, Ted Leland thought he had found the right offensive mind for Stanford in coach Buddy Teevens. The results eventually told the athletic director otherwise, and Teevens was 
Iran won #39;t abandon nuclear program Iran #39;s top nuclear negotiator says Tehran will never completely abandon its uranium enrichment activities. At a news conference on Tuesday, Hasan Rohani said the current suspension will last only as long as negotiations continue with Europe.
Whale beachings stump officials Scientists and wildlife officials are continuing to search for what may have caused a series of mass strandings which have left 169 whales and dolphins dead on Australian and New Zealand beaches in the past three days.
The Hague Fouls up the Atmosphere Maybe the most unpleasant Ankara-Brussels meeting since the Justice and Development Party (AKP) came to power in 2002 was held in The Hague last week.
About 100 Dead in Floods in Philippine Town -- Mayor  MANILA (Reuters) - About 100 people have died in a northern  Philippine town following floods and landslides caused by heavy  rain, a local official said on Tuesday.
West has broken hand Just two games into his return from a fractured right thumb, Delonte West suffered a broken right hand that will keep the rookie point guard out indefinitely. West broke his hand on an innocuous-looking fall early in the second quarter against Miami Sunday night. He iced the hand at halftime and came back to play in the ...
Smoother sailing for Brand, Clippers Elton Brand had a season-high 30 points and and Bobby Simmons scored 9 of his 17 points in the fourth quarter as the Clippers beat the Cleveland Cavaliers, 94-82, in Los Angeles last night to complete the second-best November in franchise history.
Dollar Wins Reprieve, Data Weighs on Yen  LONDON (Reuters) - The dollar won a reprieve against other  major currencies on Tuesday, bouncing off last week's record  low versus the euro as markets grew cautious ahead of words  from the European Central Bank chief and U.S. data.
German offer sets bar at Stelco A GERMAN BANK #39;S \$900-million offer to refinance Stelco Inc. was approved yesterday as the benchmark bid for the restructuring Hamilton steelmaker by a judge, who challenged others to step up and prove 
Iran Says Nuclear Freeze Won't Last Long  TEHRAN (Reuters) - Iran reiterated Tuesday it was only  prepared to freeze its uranium enrichment activities for a few  months and would not, as the EU and Washington want,  permanently mothball facilities which could make atomic bombs.
Ukraine Faces Split, Bloodshed, Putin Ally Says  MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russian parliamentary speaker Boris  Gryzlov said Tuesday Ukraine was headed for breakup or  bloodshed over its deadlocked presidential election.
Car Bomb North of Baghdad Kills 7, Wounds 19  BAIJI, Iraq (Reuters) - A car bomb exploded near a U.S.  military patrol in the town of Baiji, north of Baghdad, on  Tuesday, killing at least seven Iraqis and wounding 20 people,  including two U.S. soldiers, doctors and the military said.
Rebels Again Say Rwanda Troops Enter Congo  KINSHASA (Reuters) - Congo-based Rwandan rebels, under  threat of imminent attack by Rwanda, repeated an allegation  Tuesday that Rwandan troops had crossed the border in recent  days to seize the vast country's mineral-rich east.
Iran hails UN nuclear 'victory' A top Iranian cleric hails a "victory" over the US after the UN said it would not punish Iran with sanctions.
Intense talks on NI power-sharing Two key meetings are set to take place as efforts intensify to restore power-sharing in Northern Ireland.
Africa 'makes excuses on climate' African governments are failing to act to cut greenhouse gas emissions, Kenya's Nobel laureate Wangari Maathai says.
A boost to his base President George W. Bush #39;s nomination of Cuban-born Carlos M. Gutierrez for Commerce secretary fits neatly into a long-term strategy of boosting Republican prospects for national 
Merck adopts compensation plan for top offiicals NEW YORK, November 30 (newratings.com) - Merck  amp; Co (MRK.NYS) has adopted a new compensation plan aimed at retaining its senior management officials in case of a possible takeover.
Editor to head CUNY school The City University of New York tapped BusinessWeek editor Stephen B. Shepard late yesterday to lead its new graduate school of journalism, set to open in 2006.
Mmo2 to launch i-mode in UK MOBILE group mmO2 and giant Japanese telcom NTT DoCoMo today signed a deal allowing mmO2 to launch the i-mode internet service in Britain, Germany and Ireland.
Sun Micro Agrees to Buy Closely Held SevenSpace Sun Microsystems Inc. SUNW.O has agreed to acquire closely held SevenSpace Inc., adding to Sun #39;s managed services offerings, the network computer maker said on Monday.
Rams not in Pack #39;s league The governor of Wisconsin proclaimed it Brett Favre Day yesterday and the night belonged to the Green Bay Packers quarterback, too.
Challenger finds his roots He has moved his training camp back to the Catskills, where he had most of his professional success. He is on a three-fight win streak after nearly falling off the boxing map.
Death toll rises to 63 in Shaanxi coalmine explosion At least 63 miners have been killed in the Chenjiashan coal mine gas explosion in Northwest China #39;s Shaanxi Province and more than 100 miners remained trapped underground.
Sharon Seeks Labour Help to Bail Him Out Prime Minister Ariel Sharon has approached the opposition Labour Party with a tentative offer to join his shaky coalition, in hopes of avoiding early elections and saving his Gaza withdrawal plan.