Kerry Accuses Bush of Hiding the Truth About Iraq Senator Kerry leveled his charges in a speech prepared for delivery later today before the National Guard Association in Las Vegas.
Things don #39;t go better as Coke #39;s profit warning weighs Dow A PROFIT warning from Coca-Cola put the skids under US equities yesterday and a Goldman Sachs survey showing softening corporate spending on technology added to the gloomy mood.
Ex-Shell Chairman Challenges Watchdog over Oil Reserves Scandal The former chairman of oil group Royal Dutch/Shell today challenged the City watchdog over its findings on the companys oil reserves scandal.
Vodafone Peddles New BlackBerry Research In Motion #39;s BlackBerry 7100v, which sports the company #39;s latest keyboard technology, is being offered exclusively through Vodafone.
shuttle fragment found in Texas A large piece of space shuttle Columbia debris was found recently in southeast Texas, a NASA official said. The 6-foot-long piece of the crew compartment was discovered two weeks ago 
Putin #39;s Power Play On Monday Russian President Vladimir Putin announced the biggest shake-up of Russia #39;s political system since its 1993 adoption of a post-Soviet constitution, drawing heaps of scorn from both the Russian and international press.
Chinese in the dark as leaders gather  quot;I don #39;t know anything about the leadership struggles, it #39;s not in the newspapers, quot; said newsstand vendor Shao Guofu.
Deal marks first China stock premiere to list there NEW YORK (CBS.MW) -- Xinhua Finance Limited filed a \$30.5 million initial public offering Thursday in Tokyo as the China-based financial services and media firm marks a rare foray into Japan.
Large piece of space shuttle Columbia found LUFKIN, TEXAS - A 1.8-metre-long piece of the space shuttle Columbia was recently found in Texas, according to NASA. The shuttle broke up over the state on Feb. 1, 2003, killing all seven astronauts on board.
Australian rower Oliver goes slap-happy Australia #39;s women #39;s rowing team was hit by scandal again Thursday when Catriona Oliver walked up to teammate Sally Robbins and slapped her shoulder.
West Virginia #39;s task: Climb over Maryland An hour or so after West Virginia dispatched Central Florida on a steamy Saturday night in Orlando, West Virginia football coach Rich Rodriguez #39;s thoughts turned to this weekend #39;s opponent, No.
Woods to play at 84 Lumber Classic The battle for No. 1 between Vijay Singh and Tiger Woods is coming to western Pennsylvania. Woods has agreed to play in the 84 Lumber Classic near Farmington, Pa.
LSU-Auburn Rivalry Could Get New Chapter (AP) AP - Auburn and LSU have played several nickname games in recent years: The Fire Game. The Interception Game. The Cigar Game.
XM Radio Goes Online (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - XM Satellite Radio is the latest content provider to join the increasingly crowded online-music market, announcing the impending launch of a service delivering its radio programming via the Internet.
Ohio State Buckeyes Succeed in Close Games (AP) AP - Ohio State is 15-5 in games decided by a touchdown or less under coach Jim Tressel, an uncanny run of success that defies explanation.
Kerry and Bush running neck and neck in White House race: poll (AFP) AFP - As the convention-time boost enjoyed by President George W. Bush began to wane, he and rival John Kerry were again running neck and neck less than two months ahead of the November 2 election.
Kids create new sign language A new sign language created over 30 years by deaf Nicaraguan children, gives a unique insight into how languages evolve.
September slowdown for Philly-area factories WASHINGTON (CBS.MW) -- Activity at factories in the Philadelphia region grew at a slower pace in September, the Federal Reserve Bank of Philadelphia said Thursday.
Nortel Says 3rd-Qtr Revenue Will Fall From 2nd Qtr (Update6) Nortel Networks Corp., North America #39;s largest telephone-equipment maker, said sales growth this year will lag that of competitors and predicted third- quarter revenue will fall from the second period #39;s \$2.
Bharti group forays into agri-biz  Floats 50:50 joint venture &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; GOING FARM-FRIENDLY: Lady Lynn Forester de Rothschild, Director, ELRo Holdings, being welcomed by Mr Sunil Bharti Mittal, Chairman  amp; Group MD, Bharti Enterprises, and Mr Rakesh B. Mittal, Joint MD, Bharti Tele-Ventures, at a press conference in the 
Mouse for the nose Canadian inventor Dmitry Gorodnichy has devised the world #39;s first computer to be controlled by the nose and eyelids. The gadget could be a boon for people with disabilities who cannot use the conventional 
Space Shuttle Columbia Fragment Found in Texas LUFKIN, Texas (AP) -- A large piece of space shuttle Columbia debris was found recently in southeast Texas, a NASA official said.    The 6-foot-long piece of the crew compartment was discovered two weeks ago in Newton County by a wildlife biologist, sheriffs officials said...
New Program Encourages Kids to Run Marathons By NATALIE GOTT    AUSTIN (AP) -- Ask 7-year-old John Simmons if he can run a marathon and he shyly laughs. But ask him if he can run 26.2 miles over several months and he nods yes...
Briefly: Nortel lowers expectations roundup Plus: Microsoft connects with SAP...Autodesk updates hobbyist tool...LogicLibrary buys bug catcher...Think local, act Google.
Kodak, IBM team up to build image sensors The two companies zoom in on semiconductor technology to help digital cameras and camera phones take better pictures.\
Nortel sees slower-than-market growth in Q3 Nortel Networks Corp. expects its revenue in the third quarter to fall below the previous quarter's estimated number and for its full-year 2004 revenue to grow slower than the overall communications equipment industry, the company said in a statement Thursday.
Leaders ready to work on school finance Area legislators and school leaders are ready for the Texas Legislature to formulate a new school finance plan, hoping for an improvement over the  quot;Robin Hood quot; plan deemed unconstutitional by a state district judge Wednesday.
Hackers Jump On Reported Windows Flaws Less than a day after Microsoft detailed the latest Windows vulnerability, hackers were hunting for exploit codes. By Gregg Keizer, TechWeb News.
Airespace partners with IBM on Wi-Fi service SEPTEMBER 16, 2004 (REUTERS) - Airespace Inc. a Silicon Valley telecommunications services start-up, won a partnership with IBM that will help Airespace grab a piece of the growing market for Wi-Fi services, the two companies said yesterday.
EarthLink tests file-sharing program A new file-sharing program hit the Net late Wednesday, posted by none other than Internet service provider EarthLink. The software, hosted on an out-of-the-way corner of the company #39;s research and development 
AOL Dumps Microsoft #39;s Sender ID America Online Inc. #39;s announcement Wednesday that it would abandon its attempts to support Microsoft #39;s Sender ID e-mail authentication standard are a serious setback for the Redmond, Wash.
Small telephone companies worry about paying more to use SBC &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; A group of small telephone companies said Thursday it #39;s worried that state regulators next week will allow telecommunications giant SBC Communications Inc.
Q amp;A: Microsoft #39;s Linux strategist Martin Taylor SEPTEMBER 16, 2004 (COMPUTERWORLD) - Martin Taylor recently marked his one-year anniversary as Microsoft Corp. #39;s chief Linux strategist.
Sun says Solaris 10 to be fully Open Source Sun #39;s Solaris operating system has a long and illustrious history. As the UNIX of choice for most companies with big iron, it #39;s widely considered to be one of the most reliable UNIX variants available.
NHL Talent Comes Home Andrei Nazarov and Oleg Saprykin were supposed to be teammates this year for the Phoenix Coyotes of the National Hockey League. Instead they squared off against each other Thursday in Novokuznetsk 
TRULLI FELT BAD VIBES AT MONZA Toyota #39;s new signing Jarno Trulli says that being blamed for Renault losing second place in the constructors championship at Monza sped up the switch of drivers on Wednesday.
MLB player arrested A brawl erupted between fans and Texas Rangers players in a game on Monday, September 13 against the Oakland Athletics at the Coliseum, which resulted in Rangers rookie pitcher Frank Francisco being arrested and charged with aggravated battery for heaving 
LSU-Auburn rivalry could get another chapter: The Hurricane Game Auburn and LSU have played several nickname games in recent years: The Fire Game. The Interception Game. The Cigar Game. The latest entry might be The Hurricane Game.
Oil Up on Worries of Output Shut by Ivan World oil prices rose on Thursday on worries about oil production shut by Hurricane Ivan and a new storm that could delay imports from entering the Gulf of Mexico.
Wage gains stay ahead of inflation in August Gains in workers #39; pay outpaced inflation for the second straight month in August, the government said Thursday in a report suggesting subdued price pressures are helping employees come out slightly ahead.
IBM to make digital image sensors for Kodak Camera maker Eastman Kodak and IBM, the world #39;s biggest computer company, said Thursday that the two US companies had agreed to a deal in which IBM will manufacture digital image sensors for Kodak.
US 30-, 15-year mortgage rates slip in latest week Interest rates on US 30- and 15-year mortgages fell in the latest week amid signs that inflation is being held in check, leaving consumers more cash to spend on other items such as purchasing a home, mortgage finance 
Soros executive leaves hedge fund to start firm Jacob Goldfield, who joined Soros Fund Management as chief investment officer last year, has resigned from the \$8.3 billion hedge fund to start his own business, according to a memo to staff members.
RIM takes new BlackBerry design overseas Research In Motion is targeting European and Asian markets with a phone-and-messaging device that uses the company #39;s new SureType keyboard design.
Experts Study New Sign Language System A new system of sign language developed by deaf children in Nicaragua may hold clues about the evolution of languages. When the country #39;s first school for the deaf was established 
Microsoft Reserves Right To Sue OpenOffice Users Although some news reports have stated that Microsoft also is looking for ways to work more closely with OpenOffice.org developers, the project #39;s community manager, Louis Suarez-Potts, told 
Bonds 3-For-3 But No Homer, Remains at 699 Barry Bonds went 3-for-3 with a walk but failed to hit his 700th career home run Thursday as the San Francisco Giants beat the Milwaukee Brewers 4-0 in National League play at Miller Park.
Agendas differ at Maple Grove This weekend #39;s 20th Lucas Oil Nationals at Maple Grove Raceway kicks off the final five-race stretch of the 2004 NHRA POWERade season.
British ambassador visits DPRK blast site British Foreign Office minister Bill Rammell said Thursday that British ambassador to the Democratic People #39;s Republic of Korea (DPRK) has visited the site of a huge explosion that raised fears of a nuclear weapons test.
Weekly Report On Israeli Human Rights Violations Israeli Occupation Forces have perpetrated more human rights violations against Palestinian civilians in the Occupied Palestinian Territory.
AOL Won't Use Microsoft Anti-Spam Standard (Reuters) Reuters - America Online Inc. on Thursday\shunned a Microsoft Corp. proposal to help weed out unwanted\"spam" e-mail because Internet engineers are reluctant to adopt\technology owned by the dominant software company.
NBA's young Bobcats add experience in Smith (AFP) AFP - The Charlotte Bobcats signed shooting guard Steve Smith, a National Basketball Association veteran who brings a wealth of experience to the expansion team.
Bonds 3-For-3 But No Homer, Remains at 699 (Reuters) Reuters - Barry Bonds went 3-for-3 with a walk\but failed to hit his 700th career home run Thursday as the San\Francisco Giants beat the Milwaukee Brewers 4-0 in National\League play at Miller Park.
Ramones Reclaim Place in History (AP) AP - Standing onstage at Madison Square Garden last summer, Pearl Jam frontman Eddie Vedder pulled out a cell phone to call Johnny Ramone at home. Before dialing, Vedder explained his motivation for the long-distance shout out.
AOL backs away from Microsoft antispam plan (MacCentral) MacCentral - America Online Inc. (AOL) has decided not to fully support Microsoft Corp.'s Sender ID spam-fighting plan after the Internet Engineering Task Force (IETF) and the open- source community expressed intellectual property concerns.
Irish Help European Team at Ryder Cup (AP) AP - The Americans have the big names. The Europeans have the luck of the Irish.
Bonds 3-For-3 But No Homer, Remains at 699  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Barry Bonds went 3-for-3 with a walk  but failed to hit his 700th career home run Thursday as the San  Francisco Giants beat the Milwaukee Brewers 4-0 in National  League play at Miller Park.
Europe Strikes Early Ryder Blow with Charm Offensive  BLOOMFIELD HILLS, Michigan (Reuters) - Holders Europe have  gained an early Ryder Cup advantage over the United States by  winning over the home fans at Oakland Hills.
Teams United in Desire to Wait for Players in Labor Dispute  TORONTO (Reuters) - National Hockey League teams appeared  united in their determination to solve the league's economic  problems as the NHL's lockout of players became official on  Thursday.
High court to review interstate wine shipping laws The Millbrook Vineyards and Winery is a popular stop for tourists looking for a bit of culture and culinary indulgence, all in a country setting.
Milking the World Series of Poker Owning the World Series of Poker has been a major competitive score for Harrah's.
Here's to Your (Cheaper) Health Care More Americans are looking to Canada for ideas on fixing the health-care crisis.
State Dept. Official Arrested in Inquiry on Taiwan Contact The Foreign Service officer is suspected of improperly passing documents to Taiwanese intelligence agents.
Volatile Oil Prices Hold Stocks in Check NEW YORK - Stocks regained some momentum Thursday as fresh economic data suggested inflation remains well under control, but volatile oil prices gave investors some pause late in the session.    Analysts are closely watching stocks for signs that the market will stabilize in the second half of the year, but choppy trading has made it difficult to build confidence among investors, particularly given recent fluctuations in oil prices...
AOL Won't Use Microsoft Anti-Spam Standard  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - America Online Inc. on Thursday  shunned a Microsoft Corp. proposal to help weed out unwanted  "spam" e-mail because Internet engineers are reluctant to adopt  technology owned by the dominant software company.
College backs off Wi-Fi ban Tensions ease at the University of Texas at Dallas when administrators reverse restrictions on Wi-Fi use.
First Look: A BlackBerry for Phone Lovers RIM's new BlackBerry 7100t phone represents a radical departure from the company's text-centric roots.
Iomega Readies Wireless Storage Device The 100d is designed for small offices looking for inexpensive networked storage.
XM Radio Shares Jump on Online Service Shares of XM Satellite Radio Holdings Inc. jumped to a new 52-week high Thursday, a day after the company said it would begin broadcasting its commercial-free radio stations to subscribers over the Internet.
Respect Lebanon #39;s sovereignty by respecting the Constitution The sovereignty of Lebanon has suddenly become an issue of regional and global interest, including resolutions in the US Congress and the United Nations Security Council.
Inflation Mild,Mid-Atlantic Factories Off  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. consumer prices rose a slight  0.1 percent in August while activity at mid-Atlantic factories  slumped this month, according to reports on Thursday seen  boosting chances of a pause later this year in the Federal  Reserve's drive to raise interest rates.
Oakland Hills Now Seen As Golf Mecca (AP) AP - BLOOMFIELD TOWNSHIP, Mich.  #151; Oakland Hills' place in golf history was secure before the Ryder Cup arrived.
Nortel Warns of Weaker Sales  OTTAWA (Reuters) - Retreating from an upbeat forecast it  made just last month, Nortel Networks Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=NT.TO target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;NT.TO&lt;/A&gt; warned on  Thursday that third-quarter sales will fall below  second-quarter levels and that its 2004 revenue growth rate  will lag that of the telecoms-equipment sector as a whole.
Gaza Gunmen Kidnap, Then Free Palestinian Official  GAZA (Reuters) - Palestinian gunmen kidnapped a top  security official they accused of corruption and held him for  several hours in the Gaza Strip on Thursday in a fresh  challenge to President Yasser Arafat amid a wave of unrest.
Dow dips as brokers downgrade three top blue-chips BROKER downgrades of three blue-chip stocks and a rise in crude oil futures pushed US stocks lower yesterday as investors looked for a clear sign that Wall Street would continue its year-end rally.
Spike in oil prices will impact on US economy: Fed official A senior US Federal Reserve official said Thursday the recent spike in oil prices would almost certainly impact on the US economy, although it may not be as significant as the shocks of the 1970s and 1980s.
Nortel sees slower-than-market growth in Q3 Nortel Networks Corp. expects its revenue in the third quarter to fall below the previous quarter #39;s estimated number and for its full-year 2004 revenue to grow slower than the overall communications equipment 
UPDATE 2-Protein Design rallies on Roche deal, then fizzles Shares of Protein Design Labs Inc. (PDLI.O: Quote, Profile, Research) rallied but then fizzled on Thursday after initial enthusiasm waned for the US biotechnology 
AOL backs away from Microsoft antispam plan America Online Inc. (AOL) has decided not to fully support Microsoft Corp. #39;s Sender ID spam-fighting plan after the Internet Engineering Task Force (IETF) and the open- source 
AOL won #39;t use Microsoft anti-spam standard America Online has shunned a Microsoft proposal to help weed out unwanted  quot;spam quot; e-mail because Internet engineers are reluctant to adopt technology owned by the dominant software company.
Settlers or Sharon Sharon is not Charles de Gaulle. He is as far away as ever from the conviction that Israel must recognize the national rights of the Palestinian people and withdraw from territories occupied in 1967, let alone 
Annan Calls for Urgent Action in Sudan (AP) AP - U.N. Secretary-General Kofi Annan called for urgent action Thursday to stop attacks on civilians in western Sudan, saying the government has failed to rein in militias.
Stocks Up But Late Oil Spike Trims Gains  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks ended barely higher on  Thursday, giving back some gains after a late spike in oil  prices dampened the effect of tame inflation data which had  boosted expectations of only measured interest rate hikes from  the Federal Reserve.
Texas Instruments Plans Buyback  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Texas Instruments Inc., the  largest maker of chips for cellular phones, on Thursday said it  plans to buy back \$1 billion in stock and boost its quarterly  dividend by more than 17 percent, becoming the latest  technology company to return extra cash to investors.
Mac OS X Tip of the Week: Custom Labels Don #146;t like the names Apple created for the colors used in the Color Labels feature? Then just create your own. Find out how on the Apple Pro/ site  #151; it #146;s the first of a weekly series of Mac OS X killer tips.\\ Sep 09
Airbus, Boeing Dispute Likely To Intensify The simmering debate between Airbus and Boeing over subsidies is likely to intensify as negotiators from the United States and European Union, under pressure from the US president, prepare 
IBM, Kodak team up to make image sensors for cameras NEW YORK, September 16 (New Ratings) - International Business Machines Corporation (IBM.NYS) and Eastman Kodak Company (EK) have agreed to jointly develop and manufacture image sensors for mass-market consumer products, such as digital still cameras and 
Update 1: PM: France Will Conform to Deficit Rules Tight spending controls will allow France to cut its budget deficit by about euro10 billion (US\$12 billion) in 2005 and conform with EU rules, the French prime minister said in an interview.
Intel Passes Over Brazil Chip giant Intel has more or less ruled out building a new manufacturing facility in Brazil, due to high labor costs. While such costs in Brazil are lower than in rich countries, they are still higher than 
Apple accused of ripping-off Britain The Office of Fair Trading (OFT) in the UK has not taken up the request of the Consumer Association yesterday that Apple is ripping-off UK Music lovers.
Drop the mouse, use your nose Canadian inventor Dmitry Gorodnichy has developed a new method of computer input: the Nouse (from  quot;nose as mouse quot;). Similar to a standard mouse, the Nouse directs the computer cursor and gives left button and right button commands.
New breed of portable media players means squinting at palm-sized &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; It was a Holy Grail looming on the personal electronics horizon: a pocket-sized device with a workhorse battery and the capacity to hold hours of audio and video.
Sprinter Earle Connor suspended from Paralympic team pending CCES &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; ATHENS (CP) - Canadian sprinter Earle Connor has been suspended from the Canadian Paralympic team pending the final review of his positive drug test by the Canadian Centre for Ethics in Sport.
Hughes to take Bowen with him to Blackburn New Blackburn Rovers boss Mark Hughes is expected to take his Wales assistant, Mark Bowen, with him to Ewood Park. Bowen was pushed out of Birmingham City over the summer, but now is set to gain a return to Premiership action at Rovers.
Who #39;s the Champ? Who Cares? NASCAR Wants TV Ratings It is a new format, but it still encompasses all the old problems. NASCAR begins its 10-race shootout for the Nextel Cup Championship Sunday at New Hampshire, a system that essentially wipes 
Kremlin Spins Putin #39;s Proposed Plans Following broad criticism that President Vladimir Putin is exploiting the Beslan school massacre to enhance his powers, the Kremlin mobilized a number of surrogate spokespeople 
UPDATE 1-Fed #39;s Gramlich: Impact from costlier oil inevitable Costlier imported oil is bound to have some negative economic impact on the US economy, but it does not mean policymakers can lose sight of their long-term goal of keeping inflation under control, Federal Reserve Governor 
Internet Explorer Loses More Market Share eWeek says that new data shows Web site visitors paying more attention to alternative browsers, as Microsoft #39;s share drops to 93.
First Look: A BlackBerry for Phone Lovers RIM #39;s new BlackBerry 7100t phone represents a radical departure from the company #39;s text-centric roots. Research in Motion #39;s BlackBerry e-mail devices have gathered a loyal (if relatively small) following, and 
Bayer give a Real shock LONDON, Sept. 16. - Bayer Leverkusen, losing finalists to Real Madrid in 2002, hammered the Spaniards 3-0, the most stunning upset in the opening rotation of the Champions League.
Afghan Leader Survives Assassination Try Assailants fired a rocket at an American helicopter taking President Hamid Karzai on a rare foray into Afghanistan #39;s troubled provinces Thursday, but it missed and he escaped injury.
Annan UN Council Should Vote 'Yes' on Sudan Draft (Reuters) Reuters - U.N. Secretary-General Kofi\Annan on Thursday threw his weight behind a U.S.-drafted\resolution on Sudan's Darfur region, saying the Security\Council should adopt it immediately to stop atrocities.
Judge Says Microsoft to Pay  #36;112 Million (AP) AP - A judge is ordering Microsoft Corp. to pay  #36;112.5 million to attorneys who successfully sued the software maker for monopolizing a segment of California's market.
Thailand Off U.S. List of Drug Countries (AP) AP - President Bush has removed Thailand from the U.S. government list of countries where significant illicit drug trafficking takes place.
Bush Still Optimistic About Iraq (AP) AP - While a new intelligence estimate offers a gloomy assessment of Iraq's future, President Bush talks instead about brighter days ahead under a new prime minister and the promise of free elections. "Freedom is on the march," he told a campaign rally Thursday.
Dollar Slumps on Regional Factory Data  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The dollar sagged on Thursday,  pressured by a sharply weaker-than-expected U.S. regional  manufacturing survey, but the currency remained rangebound as  dealers awaited comments on U.S. inflation due next week from  the Federal Reserve.
US Officials Differ on Strength of Iran Nuke Claim  VIENNA (Reuters) - A senior U.S. official said on Thursday  that satellite images of a suspected nuclear site in Iran  demonstrated its intention to develop atomic weapons, but other  U.S. officials questioned the strength of the claim.
Reporter 'undercover in Commons' The Sun newspaper says it has had a reporter working undercover in the Commons for months.
Stocks End Higher on Upbeat Economic News NEW YORK - Stocks regained some momentum Thursday as fresh economic data suggested inflation remains well under control, but volatile oil prices gave investors some pause late in the session.    Analysts are closely watching stocks for signs that the market will stabilize in the second half of the year, but choppy trading has made it difficult to build confidence among investors, particularly given recent fluctuations in oil prices...
Gunmen Kidnap 2 Americans, Briton in Iraq BAGHDAD, Iraq - Gunmen kidnapped two Americans and a Briton from a house in an upscale Baghdad neighborhood at dawn Thursday, a brazen attack that brought to eight the number of Western civilians held hostage in Iraq.    Ten assailants in a minivan pulled up a tree-lined street in the al-Mansour district - home to many embassies and foreign companies - and snatched the three from their walled, two-story house, said Col...
Hurricane Ivan Slams Gulf Coast; 20 Dead PENSACOLA, Fla. - Hurricane Ivan drilled the Gulf Coast on Thursday with 130-mph winds that inflicted far less damage than feared everywhere except Florida's Panhandle, where residents were left with surge-ravaged beachfronts, flooded streets and homes ripped apart by deadly tornadoes...
US consumer prices rise modestly; no immediate inflation risks NEW YORK, September 16 (New Ratings) - The US consumer prices increased only modestly last month, indicating no immediate inflation risks to the macroeconomic trends.
EDS stung by US Airways again Electronic Data Systems Corp., which lost business when customer US Airways Group Inc. filed for bankruptcy protection the first time, says the carrier #39;s latest filing also will hurt.
Dollar Slumps on Regional Factory Data The dollar sagged on Thursday, pressured by a sharply weaker-than-expected US regional manufacturing survey, but the currency remained rangebound as dealers awaited comments 
Williams says judge rules against co. in Alaska case Natural gas company Williams Cos. Inc. (WMB.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Thursday said a judge recently ruled against it in a case brought by US and Alaskan state regulators.
U.S. Treasury Debt Prices Rally (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. Treasury debt prices rallied on\Thursday, knocking yields to five-months lows, as low inflation\and soft manufacturing figures triggered a buying spree that\took on a technical momentum of its own.
Kids Give Language Its Shape Children #39;s brains are hard-wired to learn languages and, in some cases, to improve upon them. That #39;s the conclusion of a new study that followed several generations of 
FULL STORY A large piece of debris from the shattered space shuttle Columbia has turned up near Lufkin, Texas -- more than a year and a half after it broke up.
IBM fits PCs with new hardware-based security chip IBM has begun using new security hardware from National Semiconductor in its desktop PCs in an effort to fend off viruses and hackers.
Building a Linux PVR, Part 2 In this second part of our personal, home-made PC-based PVR solution, Anandtech focuses on Microsoft #39;s Windows XP Media Center.
Jan Baan launches Web services firm com September 16, 2004, 2:25 PM PT. This fourth priority #39;s main focus has been improving or obtaining CRM and ERP software for the past year and a half.
Bobcats Sign Veteran Guard Smith (Reuters) Reuters - The Charlotte\Bobcats signed free agent shooting guard Steve Smith on\Thursday.
Frisk is the latest victim at Romes modern Coliseum ROME, SEPTEMBER 16: Referee Anders Frisk was relieved to say arrivederci after Wednesdays abandoned Champions League match between AS Roma and Dynamo Kiev in which he was injured by an object thrown from the Stadium stands.
Pekerman hired as Argentina soccer coach Jose Pekerman was hired Thursday as Argentina #39;s national soccer coach following the abrupt resignation of Marcelo Bielsa. Pekerman coached Argentina #39;s youth programs during the late 1990s and won several championships.
Baseball: Bonds #39;s pursuit of 700th homer to continue at home MILWAUKEE, United States : Barry Bonds banged out three hits, but failed to join Major League Baseball #39;s exclusive 700 home run club as the San Francisco Giants wrapped up a series against the Brewers.
UN chief urges action over Darfur The United Nations secretary-general has urged the Security Council to take immediate action over a US draft resolution on Sudan #39;s Darfur region.
Settlers or Sharon Sharon is not Charles de Gaulle. He is as far away as ever from the conviction that Israel must recognise the national rights of the Palestinian people and withdraw from territories occupied in 1967, let alone 
AOL Shuns Microsoft Anti-Spam Technology (AP) AP - Add America Online Inc. to the growing list of companies and organizations shunning a spam-fighting proposal from Microsoft Corp. AOL cited "tepid support" for Microsoft's so-called Sender ID technology, which seeks to cut down on junk e-mail by making it difficult for spammers to forge e-mail headers and addresses, a common technique for hiding their origins.
Money Funds Fell in Latest Week (AP) AP - Assets of the nation's retail money market mutual funds fell by  #36;3.14 billion in the latest week to  #36;842.55 billion, the Investment Company Institute said Thursday.
Woods and Mickelson in Early Assault on Europe  BLOOMFIELD HILLS, Michigan (Reuters) - Tiger Woods and Phil  Mickelson, the United States' two trump cards, have been paired  together for the opening fourballs of the Ryder Cup which  starts Friday at Oakland Hills.
Bobcats Sign Veteran Guard Smith  CHARLOTTE, North Carolina (Sports Network) - The Charlotte  Bobcats signed free agent shooting guard Steve Smith on  Thursday.
EU, U.S. Talks on Aircraft Aid Grounded  BRUSSELS (Reuters) - U.S. and EU negotiators disagreed on  Thursday about state aid for aircraft rivals Airbus and Boeing,  winding up no closer on a sensitive issue that has gathered  steam before the U.S. presidential election.
After the Bell -- Texas Instruments Up  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Shares of Texas Instruments Inc.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=TXN.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;TXN.N&lt;/A&gt; rose after the market close on Thursday, after the chip  maker said it plans to buy back \$1 billion in stock and boost  its quarterly dividend by more than 17 percent.
Fake Bomb-Making Gear Smuggled Into UK Parliament  LONDON (Reuters) - An undercover reporter smuggled fake  bombing-making equipment into Britain's parliament on Thursday,  a day after fox hunting supporters burst into the chamber of  the House of Commons, The Sun newspaper said.
What's behind US strategy shift in Iraq war Plan to channel funds from reconstruction to security signals focus on shorter-term goal of holding elections.
US engages Africa in terror fight The US is rolling out a nine-country, \$125 million military training program.
UN chief urges action over Darfur UN chief  Kofi Annan asks the Security Council to adopt a US draft resolution on Sudan's Darfur region.
Biotech Stocks Rise Marginally Shares of NeoPharm Inc. jumped 7 percent Thursday morning after the troubled biotechnology company said it regained licenses for two key cancer medications from Pfizer Inc.
Keeping control of inflation is key Federal Reserve Governor Edward Gramlich said Thursday that keeping inflation under control remained paramount for the central bank.
Airbus Denies Backing Microsoft in EU Case Aircraft maker Airbus (EAD.PA: Quote, Profile, Research) insisted on Thursday it had no intention of taking sides in a Microsoft (MSFT.
Image Flaw Exposes Users to Hacker Risk Because Internet Explorer is one of the programs vulnerable to a newly discovered Windows image flaw, it is possible that someone could fall victim to a virus written to exploit it just by visiting a Web site that uses JPEG images.
Airespace wins IBM deal for Wi-Fi service ZDNet #39;s survey of IT professionals in August kept Wired  amp; Wireless on top for the 18th month in a row. Airespace, a Silicon Valley start-up that sells telecommunications gear, has won a partnership with IBM 
Airbus Sees Mobile Phone Use on Planes in 2006 European planemaker Airbus reported progress on Wednesday in plans to allow passengers to use mobile phones in flight, beginning in 2006.
F1: Trulli to Drive for Toyota Team Next Year Italian Formula One driver Jarno Trulli will drive for Toyota #39;s Formula One team next year. Toyota said Trulli, who was released by Renault this week, signed a two-year deal and will be paired with Germany #39;s Ralf Schumacher next year.
SAINTS SMASH HODDLE TALK Southampton have again dismissed rumours that former manager Glenn Hoddle was being lined up for a return to the club. Morning press reports suggested that head coach Steve Wigley could be forced to make way 
Lawmakers Seek to Prevent Another Riggs (AP) AP - House and Senate members are proposing legislation to slow the revolving door carrying federal regulators into private banks, following revelations of the role played by a former U.S. examiner in the Riggs Bank affair.
Ryder Captains Call for Sportsmanship on Eve of Cup  BLOOMFIELD HILLS, Michigan (Reuters) - Captains Bernhard  Langer and Hal Sutton made impassioned pleas for sportsmanship  Thursday, transforming golf's greatest grudge match into a  Ryder Cup love-in during a rollicking opening ceremony.
Hurricane Ivan pounds US mainland Hurricane Ivan pummels the US Gulf Coast, causing at least 12 deaths and widespread damage. 
Intel CEO All but Rules Out Chip Plant In a blow to Brazil, Intel Corp. chief executive Craig Barrett on Thursday all but ruled out building a chip manufacturing plant in Latin America #39;s largest country because of high labor costs.
Canadian teams voice support for Bettman CBC SPORTS ONLINE - Canada #39;s NHL teams came out Thursday and voiced their support for the league #39;s decision to lockout its players.
Oracle plans content management splash The database software giant is expected to launch Tsunami, a competitor to products from IBM and Microsoft, later this year.
Jan Baan launches Web services firm The enterprise software legend shifts his attention to Web services. Say hello to start-up Cordys and its integration software.
New Acrobat seen this year Analysts and authors expect Adobe to release a new version of its publishing software soon.
Symantec to acquire security firm stake Says buy will improve consulting contacts and provide products to help recover lost passwords and improve site security.
Airespace partners with IBM on Wi-Fi service The Silicon Valley start-up has won a partnership with IBM that will help it grab a piece of the growing market for Wi-Fi services at big companies.
Brief: Netopia to restate results Netopia Inc. today said it will restate two years of results and revise the results in its most recent fiscal quarter and announced that its auditor, KPMG LLP, has resigned.
Boeing readies RFID standards for release to suppliers in 2005 Boeing plans to release a set of technical specifications for RFID devices to its suppliers during the first half of 2005, but the aircraft maker won't mandate that companies start using the technology right away.
Q A: Microsoft's Linux strategist Martin Taylor With a year under his belt as Microsoft Corp.'s chief Linux strategist, Martin Taylor has a lot to say about where he sees Linux going and how Microsoft plans to compete with the open-source operating system.
US Airways bankruptcy to hit EDS earnings US Airways' intention to reorganize under Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection is expected to affect the third-quarter financial performance of Electronic Data Systems Corp.
Sun-Microsoft deal raises Open Office questions Although Microsoft has said it wants to work more closely with developers of the Open Office open-source project, it is apparently reserving the right to sue them, according to a legal agreement with Sun Microsystems made public this week.
Study: IT job market continues to be stagnant The IT job market remains tight in the U.S., with more workers than available jobs in many parts of the country, according to the Center for Urban Economic Development at the University of Illinois in Chicago.
Airbus tests in-flight mobile phones The successful Airbus tests involved communications to and from several different types of GSM mobile phones onboard to mobile and fixed telephones on the ground, and to another mobile phone on the plane.
Nortel sees lower Q3 revenue Nortel Networks has been working for months to correct several years of faulty financial results that have sparked lawsuits, criminal investigations and regulatory probes.
German IT agency sets record straight on Explorer A spokesman for Germany's Federal Office for Information Security has said users should consider alternatives to Microsoft's Internet Explorer Web browser, but it didn't recommend that they steer clear of Microsoft products.
IBM fits PCs with new hardware-based security chip NEW YORK - IBM Corp. has begun using new security hardware from National Semiconductor Corp. in its desktop PCs in an effort to fend off viruses and hackers.
Lawyers predict FTC's Rambus case will move forward WASHINGTON - Two lawyers on federal regulatory issues predicted Thursday the U.S. Federal Trade Commission (FTC) would ignore a recommendation by an administrative law judge to end its antitrust case against Rambus Inc.
AOL backs away from Microsoft antispam plan SAN FRANCISCO - America Online Inc. (AOL) has decided not to fully support Microsoft Corp.'s Sender ID spam-fighting plan after the Internet Engineering Task Force (IETF) and the open- source community expressed intellectual property concerns.
3Com posts narrower loss MARLBOROUGH, Mass. -- 3Com Corp. posted a narrower net loss in its latest quarter amid a sharp drop in operating expenses. For the fiscal first quarter ended Aug. 27, the maker of computer-networking equipment 
UPDATE 1-Ottawa to sell off Petro-Canada stake The Canadian government will sell its 19 percent stake in oil producer and refiner Petro-Canada (PCA.TO: Quote, Profile, Research) in a public offering, the company said on Thursday.
Record breakers? Fat hope, Real MADRID - Real Madrid were just too proud. That was how coach Jose Antonio Camacho explained the Spanish giants #39; 0-3 thrashing by Bayer Leverkusen in the Champions League on Wednesday.
After the  #39;Road Map #39; What Ariel Sharon has been indicating for months is now stated Israeli policy: The US-drawn  quot;road map quot; to a Palestinian state is locked in the glove compartment - along with other failed peace plans.
China #39;s top leaders meet to improve party #39;s grip BEIJING - China #39;s top communist leaders met behind closed doors yesterday for a key meeting aimed at shoring up its  #39;ruling capacity #39; amid swirling rumours of the possible retirement of ageing strongman Jiang Zemin.
Parliament slip-up LONDON - The British government was reported to be considering tough new measures yesterday, including banning demonstrations near Parliament, following the most flagrant breach of parliamentary security in living memory.
2004 Election Candidate Comparison Search by PriceGrabber 2004 Election Candidate Comparison Search by PriceGrabber\\PriceGrabber, a shopping search engine, in conjunction with the University of Southern California's (USC) Center for E-Government, has employed its shopping comparison technology to create a useful and unique candidate comparison tool to help voters choose between more than 100 candidates in the 2004 ...
Rockets Exercise Contract on Yao (Reuters) Reuters - The Houston Rockets exercised\the fourth-year option on center Yao Ming's contract on\Thursday.
Kidnapped Foreigners Known for Sharing (AP) AP - Almost every morning, the whirr of the power generator sitting outside house No. 36 broke the quiet of the neat tree-lined street, bringing air conditioners and refrigerators on the block back to life. On Thursday, the generator stood silent.
Rockets Exercise Contract on Yao  HOUSTON (Sports Network) - The Houston Rockets exercised  the fourth-year option on center Yao Ming's contract on  Thursday.
IBM Builds In PC Security SafeKeeper module stores passwords, encryption keys in ThinkCentre desktops.
Stocks to watch Friday Texas Instruments rises on a \$1B stock buyback; investors will keep an eye on consumer sentiment. NEW YORK (CNN/Money) - Major Wall Street indexes are likely to finish the week flat, but Friday could provide 
UPDATE 2-Ottawa launches sale of Petro-Canada stake Canada #39;s government launched the sale of its remaining C\$3 billion (\$2.3 billion) stake in Petro-Canada (PCA.TO: Quote, Profile, Research) (PCZ.
Stelios enters online music fray The founder of Easyjet has confirmed he is entering the online music market in a partnership with UK-based Wippit. Stelios Haji-Ioannou #39;s move comes as Microsoft and Yahoo revealed challenges to the likes 
Teammate slaps rower THE intense emotion surrounding Olympian Sally Robbins increased yesterday when she left a team function in tears on Monday night after being slapped by Athens Games teammate Catriona Oliver.
Excerpts of Bryant #39;s interview with investigators Excerpts from a published transcript of NBA star Kobe Bryant #39;s interview with Eagle County sheriff #39;s investigators Doug Winters and Dan Loya the night after a 19-year-old employee of a Vail-area resort told police he had sexually assaulted her.
McGrath and mates turn arch rivals into minnows After the ritual humiliation of the new boys, the ICC Champions Trophy began in earnest yesterday with a quarter-final showdown between two of cricket #39;s most decorated starsbut it too turned into a no-contest.
US, allies strike deal with EU trio on Iran-diplomat The United States has reached an agreement with France, Britain and Germany on a draft UN resolution on Iran that calls for an immediate halt to Tehran #39;s uranium enrichment programme, a Western diplomat said late on Thursday.
Afghan president Karzai escapes assassination attempt KABUL - Afghan President Hamid Karzai escaped an assassination bid on Thursday when a rocket was fired at his US military helicopter as it was landing in the southeastern town of Gardez, Reuters news service reported.
Symantec to acquire digital security co. CUPERTINO, Calif. -- Symantec Corp. said Thursday it is acquiring digital security consulting firm stake Inc. Financial details were not disclosed.
Manufacturing accelerates Manufacturing in the nation accelerated in August and September, supporting Federal Reserve chairman Alan Greenspan #39;s view that the economy  quot;regained some traction.
State Lawmakers Seek  #39;Robin Hood #39; Alternative PLANO, Texas -- Earlier this week, a state district judge ruled the  quot;Robin Hood quot; plan of funding Texas public schools to be unconstitutional.
PM: France Will Conform to Deficit Rules France #39;s public deficit will drop by about euro10 billion (US\$12 billion) in 2005 to conform with European Union rules, the French prime minister said in an interview.
United Tech Unit Gets NASA Pact Building systems and aerospace products maker United Technologies Corp. said Thursday that NASA selected its flight systems manufacturing unit as the prime contractor for extravehicular systems work that could 
Airespace Wins IBM Partnership for WiFi Service Airespace, a Silicon Valley telecom services start-up, won a partnership with International Business Machines Corp. (IBM.N: Quote, Profile, Research) that will help Airespace 
Chip Equipment Bookings Slip The lead semiconductor equipment trade group said August bookings declined 5 from the revised July level to \$1.52 billion -- another sign that chip equipment demand is flagging.
Lockout stalls NHL season The National Hockey League pulled the plug on the start of training camp Wednesday, threatening the entire 2004-05 professional hockey season.
Hughes called Ferguson for word of advice It would be difficult to pick a character trait common to Mark Hughes and Sir Alex Ferguson. But it was to his old boss that Blackburn Rovers #39; new manager turned when the 
Report: Before Arrest Bryant Said He Would Pay Accuser LOS ANGELES -- A report on Thursday revealed new information about what Kobe Bryant allegedly told Colorado police before he was arrested on sexual assault charges.
Annan Says Security Council Must Act Now On Darfur UNITED NATIONS (AFP) - Secretary General Kofi Annan called on the UN Security Council to take urgent action over a US draft resolution on Sudan #39;s troubled Darfur region.
 quot;Road-map quot; peace plan for Gaza Strip The Israeli government does not intend to honour the US-backed road map to peace in the Middle East once it has completed a planned pullout from Gaza, an Israeli newspaper reported today.
Hamilton Sundstrand wins NASA contract WINDSOR LOCKS, Conn. -- NASA has selected Hamilton Sundstrand to be the prime contractor for a space program that could be worth more than \$800 million over 10 years.
Jose Pekerman takes over as coach of Argentina One-time taxi driver Jose Pekerman took over as coach of Argentina on Thursday, replacing sudden quitter Marcelo Bielsa. Pekerman, who presided over Argentina #39;s youth programs 
Persecution, not prosecution The spring of hope, and the winter of despair. These are the mixed emotions that enunciate the prevailing paradox of our present society.
Canada #39;s C\$3 Bln Petro-Canada Stake Is Filed for Sale (Update1) The Canadian government moved forward with plans to sell its C\$3.04 billion (\$2.36 billion) stake in Petro-Canada, as the oil company filed offering documents with US and Canadian regulators.
Microcell shares hit new high as Rogers seeks federal OK for &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; TORONTO (CP) - Microcell Telecommunications #39; buoyant shares hit a new high Thursday amid heightened expectations of a bidding war between Telus Corp.
IBM Builds In PC Security IBM has begun using new security hardware from National Semiconductor in its desktop PCs in an effort to fend off viruses and hackers.
Ferrero joins Moya in early China Open goodbyes Beijing: Unfancied American Kevin Kim pounced on the ineffectual game of second seed Juan Carlos Ferrero Thursday to deal a second Spanish seed out of the \$500,000 China Open.
Iraq Allies, Countering Annan, Insist War Was Legal (Reuters) Reuters - Britain, Australia and a former U.S.\official, stung by criticism from U.N. Secretary-General Kofi\Annan, insisted on Thursday that their countries' military\action in Iraq was legal.
Annan backs US, EU push for action on Darfur afrol News, 16 September - UN Secretary-General Kofi Annan today urged the UN Security Council to  quot;act without delay quot; regarding a resolution on Sudan #39;s Darfur region.
Palestinian official freed after Gaza kidnap A group of gunmen have released a senior Palestinian security official after earlier kidnapping him in the Gaza Strip. General Mohammad al-Batrawi was driving through Gaza City when he was ambushed.
IBM Builds In PC Security (PC World) PC World - SafeKeeper module stores passwords, encryption keys in ThinkCentre desktops.
No Christmas rush as sales fall Reports that shoppers are leaving it late in the hope of finding festive bargains may be borne out by new High Street data.
U.S., EU Trio Agree Iran Nuke Resolution --Diplomats  VIENNA (Reuters) - The United States compromised with  France, Britain and Germany on a toughly-worded U.N. nuclear  resolution on Iran that calls for an immediate halt to Tehran's  uranium enrichment program, a Western diplomat said.
Annan Backs U.S. on Darfur; Vote Due Saturday  UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - U.N. Secretary-General Kofi  Annan on Thursday threw his weight behind a U.S.-drafted  resolution on Sudan's Darfur region, saying the Security  Council should adopt it immediately to stop atrocities.
Fan Pursues Bonds Home Run Ball, But Strikes Out  LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - A baseball fan who bought up 6,458  seats at Los Angeles' Dodger Stadium in the hope of catching  and selling Barry Bonds' 700th home run ball admitted on  Thursday he had probably struck out.
Iraq Allies, Countering Annan, Insist War Was Legal  LONDON (Reuters) - Britain, Australia and a former U.S.  official, stung by criticism from U.N. Secretary-General Kofi  Annan, insisted on Thursday that their countries' military  action in Iraq was legal.
S.Africa Public Sector Unions Strike Over Wages  PRETORIA (Reuters) - Thousands of civil servants marched in  cities across South Africa Thursday in a one-day strike over  wages seen as a test of will between the ruling African  National Congress (ANC) and its labor allies.
Stelios enters online music fray The founder of Easyjet confirms he is to enter the online music market in a partnership with UK-based download service Wippit.
Point and Snoot: Introducing the Nose Mouse Using the Nouse in three-dimensional environments, such as design and game software, requires the use of two broadly spaced Web cams.
Outsourcing megadeals lose momentum IBM's loss of its huge JPMorgan contract comes as outsourcing deals are getting smaller.  \
Mandrakesoft in \$7.3 million stock sell-off Move should open the way for the Linux seller to buy other companies.
Sun-Microsoft deal raises Open Office questions Microsoft Corp. on Wednesday said that it is looking for ways to work more closely with developers of the Open Office open source project, while at the same time, apparently reserving the right to sue them, according to a legal agreement between Microsoft and Open Office's major sponsor, Sun Microsystems Inc., made public this week.
Symantec to acquire security consultants Stake SAN FRANCISCO - Symantec Corp. has agreed to acquire Stake Inc., a Cambridge, Massachusetts-based provider of IT security consulting services.
Study: IT job market is still stagnant Times remain tough for IT workers looking for jobs across the U.S., according to a new employment study of the IT marketplace.
AOL Signs Off From Sender ID ISP rejects Microsoft antispam plan after open-source community speaks out.
EU and US can #39;t solve jet dispute BRUSSELS Amid thinly veiled threats of legal actions, trade negotiators from the European Union and the United States failed here on Thursday to resolve their dispute over the aid that each side gives to their airplane makers.
Symantec Buys Security Consulting Pioneer stake Symantec Corp. on Thursday announced that is acquiring stake Inc., perhaps the most well-known security consulting firm in the industry, for an undisclosed sum.
Offshore drilling rig missing after Ivan An offshore semi-submersible deepwater drilling rig in the Gulf of Mexico is missing in the wake of Hurricane Ivan, but its crew was evacuated well before the storm hit, a spokesman for the company that owns it said Thursday.
Dollar falls after Philly Fed disappoints NEW YORK : The dollar swung lower after a disappointing report from the Philadelphia Federal Reserve that prompted fears of weaker US industrial activity than economists had been expecting.
Insurance losses from Ivan to come in between \$4 billion and \$10 &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Insured losses in the United States from Hurricane Ivan are expected to hit \$4 billion to \$10 billion US, analysts estimated on Thursday.
Southampton Football Club deny Hoddle link Glenn Hoddle will not be returning to Southampton Football Club, according to chairman Rupert Lowe. It had been suggested that the former England coach was set to make a controversial return to the Saints 
US presses atomic energy agency for strong stand on Iran VIENNA: A US official expressed alarm Thursday that Iran might have a test site for nuclear weapons technology and pressed the UN nuclear watchdog agency to take a tougher position on the issue.
Rocket fire thwarts rally for Karzai GARDEZ, Afghanistan President Hamid Karzai had to abort a rare campaign rally Thursday in this town southeast of the capital when a rocket was fired over his helicopter as it began to land.
Report: Bryant Told Police He Was Innocent (AP) AP - In his interview with police the night after he was accused of rape, NBA star Kobe Bryant insisted the sex was consensual, that he stopped when she said "no," and that he wondered if she would accept money to recant a claim that could damage his reputation.
US sending extra troops to Afghanistan to been up security for elections (AFP) AFP - About 1,100 troops from the elite 82nd Airborne Division are being deployed to Afghanistan to beef up security for the October 13 presidential elections, a US defense official said.
Kerry: Bush Not Being Straight About Iraq (AP) AP - Democratic Sen. John Kerry on Thursday accused President Bush of failing to tell the truth about the situation in Iraq as the country falls into more violence and chaos with each passing day.
Bryant Asked Police About Possible Payoff Kobe Bryant told police he stopped when his alleged victim said "no" and wondered if she would accept money to recant a claim that could damage his reputation.
Woods and Mickelson Get Nod for Opener U.S. captain Hal Sutton made sure this Ryder Cup gets off to a dynamic start by pairing Tiger Woods and Phil Mickelson for the first time in the opening match.
Reporter Smuggles Fake Bomb Gear Into UK Parliament  LONDON (Reuters) - An undercover reporter smuggled fake  bomb-making equipment into the British parliament a day after  fox hunting protesters made a mockery of security by bursting  into the debating chamber.
Symantec Set To Acquire Security Consultant Stake Security powerhouse Symantec Thursday unveiled plans to acquire solution provider Stake in a move to expand its already swelling services business.
At least five rigs adrift in the Gulf NEW ORLEANS Five offshore oil rigs were set adrift in the Gulf of Mexico and three others were damaged by Hurricane Ivan. The Coast Guard says it received a report from Diamond Offshore that a 335-foot semi 
Shell #39;s ex-chairman makes counterattack Philip Watts, silent since being removed in March as chairman of Royal Dutch/Shell Group after a huge overstatement of the company #39;s proven reserves of natural gas and oil, has begun to fight back.
National Semiconductor Offers  #39;Trusted #39; Chip National Semiconductor has released its Safekeeper Trusted Input/Output chip, which stores passwords, digital certificates and encryption keys on PCs.
Briton seized in latest Baghdad kidnap A BRITISH man and two Americans were kidnapped at dawn yesterday in an affluent Baghdad suburb after their guard failed to turn up for work.
Yeltsin sounds alarm on  #39;rollback of rights #39; MOSCOW Boris Yeltsin, Russia #39;s first post-Soviet leader, issued a veiled warning Thursday that President Vladimir Putin #39;s decision to seize sweeping new powers after the Beslan hostage crisis could erode democratic freedoms.
TI OKs \$1 Billion Stock Buyback Texas Instruments Inc. authorized a \$1 billion stock repurchase and increased its quarterly dividend to 2.5 cents from 2.125 cents.
Internet Explorer susceptible to new market share vulnerability Jim Barksdale is probably laughing his fool head off. Microsoft #39;s Internet Explorer, the Web browser with which Microsoft crushed Barksdale #39;s Netscape Navigator, is slipping in popularity and it #39;s Microsoft #39;s own damn fault.
Star Wars or A Peaceful Life on Mars: NASA Gets The World Dreaming &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; If peace on earth is no longer feasible by the end of the century, you may have another option: Move to Mars! Yesterday, the head of NASA #39;s surface exploration mission said if we can find water on the red 
Rejuvenated Red Sox back in the Bronx, taking aim at Yanks The last time the Boston Red Sox visited Yankee Stadium, Derek Jeter was hurtling headfirst into the stands, Nomar Garciaparra was sulking in the dugout and New York was pulling away in the AL East.
Moment of decision hascome for N. Ireland peace: Blair LEEDS CASTLE (England) - British Prime Minister Tony Blair said yesterday Northern Ireland had reached the moment of decision in which its leaders must show the will to end years of deadlock and secure a lasting peace.
China #39;s Hu, Jiang in Struggle for Power Description: As leaders of China #39;s Communist Party meet in Beijing, much of the focus is on the rivalry between President Hu Jintao and former President Jiang Zemin.
Cable break interrupts Internet in Guyana (AFP) AFP - Thousands of Guyanese were without Internet service for most of Thursday because the Americas II submarine fiber-optic cable broke in French Guiana, authorities said.
Mobile Phones Cleared for Takeoff (PC World) PC World - Cell phones and wireless devices pass Airbus's onboard tests with flying colors.
Nikkei Opens Flat Before Long Weekend (Reuters) Reuters - Tokyo's Nikkei average opened down 0.07\percent on Friday following lackluster trade on Wall Street and\as investors wound down trading ahead of a long weekend in\Japan and bookclosings for the first half of the business year.
Reserve Chief Says Force Not Properly Prepared to Fight War on Terror Lt. Gen. James R. Helmly warned that the Army faced a serious risk of running out of crucial specialists in the reserves who can be involuntarily called up for active duty.
Oil Prices Rise Though Storm Fears Vanish WASHINGTON - Oil prices rose Thursday despite reports that refineries along the Gulf Coast, as well as production platforms in the Gulf of Mexico, that had been shut down were slowly being restaffed, as Hurricane Ivan proved to be less disruptive than feared.   "We've really not heard of any refineries in that area reporting any problems," and several are already being restarted, said Tom Bentz, a trader at BNP Paribas Futures in New York...
Tests Show James Died of Heart Attack LOS ANGELES - Toxicology and other tests determined that funk singer Rick James died last month from a heart attack due to an enlarged heart, with numerous drugs including methamphetamine and cocaine contributing factors, the county coroner's office announced Thursday.    The death was declared an accident, said coroner's spokesman David Campbell, who emphasized that none of the drugs were found to be at life-threatening levels...
Airbus not on Microsoft #39;s side WHILE THE Financial Times reported that Airbus was putting its oar in to influence the outcome of a Microsoft appeal to a European court, Reuters reports today that the aerospace firm doesn #39;t have an axe to grind.
FOOTBALL LIVE REPORTS Patrick Kluivert eased Newcastle towards the group stage of the UEFA Cup in Graeme Souness #39; first game in charge - but at some cost.
Betting scam jockey cleared of deliberately jumping off horse Jockey Sean Fox, who mysteriously jumped from his horse mid-race and sparked fears of a betting scam, won his appeal Thursday against a 21-day suspension.
Fishmeal catch 'hits UK seabirds' British seabirds have had their worst breeding season ever with industrial fishing a key problem, scientists say.
nStor sells off telecoms management unit The data storage company is selling its Stonehouse Technologies unit for \$6.5 million.
FBI seizes \$87 million worth of illegal software SAN FRANCISCO - A two-year investigation by U.S. law enforcement authorities has resulted in one of the largest seizures of fake software ever in the U.S. and charges against 11 individuals, government officials said Thursday.
Mobile Phones Cleared for Takeoff Cell phones and wireless devices pass Airbus's onboard tests with flying colors.
Sutton makes gutsy call in first pairing When the cute pink sheets were finally handed out and the opening round pairings for the 35th Ryder Cup Matches were released Thursday afternoon, the first two 
Australian rowers row reaches a new low RELATIONS within the Australian womens eight rowing crew have hit a new low with Olympian Catriona Oliver slapping much-publicised team-mate Sally Robbins in front of onlookers at anofficial function on Wednesday night.
Magpies go double Dutch PATRICK KLUIVERT struck twice as Newcastle United got Graeme Souness #39;s reign as Newcastle manager off to a stuttering start today.
Athletics Defeat Rangers 5-4 (AP) AP - Kenny Rogers lost at the Coliseum for the first time in more than 10 years, with Bobby Crosby's three-run double in the fifth inning leading the Athletics to a 5-4 win over the Texas Rangers on Thursday.
Europe, US agree draft resolution on Iran nuclear program: US official (AFP) AFP - The United States and Europe's three main states reached agreement after days of talks on a UN draft resolution on Iran's alleged nuclear weapons program, a US official said.
Soriano Hurts Leg in Headfirst Slide (AP) AP - Texas Rangers star Alfonso Soriano left Thursday's game against Oakland in the eighth inning after injuring his left leg on a headfirst slide, putting the rest of his season in doubt.
Jeanne Nears Hurricane Strength, 2 Dead (AP) AP - Tropical Storm Jeanne hovered near hurricane strength as it plowed through the northeastern Dominican Republic on Thursday, prompting thousands to flee their homes a day after pounding Puerto Rico and killing at least two people.
U.S. Tones Down Resolution on Sudan (AP) AP - The United States on Thursday toned down a resolution on Sudan to win support from China, Russia and other Security Council members who fear the threat of sanctions against Khartoum could complicate efforts to end the looting and killing in the Darfur region.
Republicans Push Controversial Votes (AP) AP - Flag-burning and the words "under God" in the Pledge of Allegiance are about to join gay marriage among the volatile issues that congressional Republicans have pushed to votes ahead of the election to remind the public how the GOP and Democrats differ.
Hurricane Ivan Uproots Oil Rigs  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Hurricane Ivan, which left a swath of  death and destruction across the Caribbean, wrought havoc on  oil drilling operations in the Gulf of Mexico before rampaging  across the Florida and Alabama coast on Thursday.
Feds to Sell 49 Million Shares in Petro-Canada The Calgary-based energy company said Thursday in filings with Canadian and US regulators that Ottawa intends to sell all of its shares to investors in Canada, the United States and internationally.
US Airways may ask for OK to cut wages Labor leaders at US Airways expect management to soon seek bankruptcy court permission to cut wages for members of some of its five unions.
Surprise as August rain fails to dampen high street spending Reports of the death of the consumer economy appeared unfounded yesterday after official figures revealed a sharp rise in high street spending last month.
AOL Drops Microsoft #39;s Sender ID Less than a week after a standards-setting group rejected Microsoft #39;s scheme to stymie spam, America Online added to the company #39;s woes by dumping the software giant #39;s proposed Sender ID.
Deaf children invent a new sign language A study published today shows that a sign language that emerged over two decades ago now counts as a true language. It began in a school for the deaf in Managua, Nicaragua, founded in 1977.
Airbus tests in-flight mobile phones SEPTEMBER 16, 2004 (IDG NEWS SERVICE) - European plane maker Airbus SAS said yesterday that it has successfully completed the first in-flight trial of mobile phones and infrastructure equipment based on Global System for Mobile Communications (GSM 
For Businesses, It #39;s Slow Going With Windows XP #39;s SP2 It could take months for many businesses to test and deploy Microsoft #39;s most-secure operating system. By John Foley. Despite the promise that Microsoft #39;s Windows XP Service Pack 2 release will make PCs more 
Kiwi hopes brought down by Symonds the six-shooter Another day, another mismatch: the contest that was meant to bring the Champions Trophy to life proved to be as one-sided as its predecessors.
Roma to face UEFA wrath Italian side Roma will discover next week the punishment it faces for the disgraceful scenes in yesterday #39;s Champions League clash against Dynamo Kiev which saw the match abandoned at half-time following an attack on the referee.
Iran nuclear resolution agreed The United States has reached an agreement with key European allies, as well as Canada and Australia, on a draft resolution on Iran #39;s nuclear program, the State Department has said.
US troop boost for Afghan vote Some 700 US soldiers will be getting orders to ship out to Afghanistan on Friday, amid security concerns in the runup to October elections.
A Sign From Beijing? Hong Kong Chief Shelves the Security Law Hong Kong #39;s chief executive, Tung Chee-hwa, ruled out on Thursday trying to pass internal security legislation any time soon, a strong sign that his backers in Beijing 
Taiwan loses out again After more than 90 speeches on Wednesday - the vast majority against putting Taiwan on the assembly #39;s agenda - President Jean Ping of Gabon asked the assembly #39;s General Committee if there were any objections to not including the issue.
Chargers home opener vs. Jets blacked out The San Diego Chargers #39; home opener Sunday against the New York Jets will be blacked out on local television because nearly 13,000 general admission tickets remained unsold by Thursday #39;s deadline.
Forecasters: More Hurricanes May Be on Way (AP) AP - Ivan, Frances and Charley delivered three staggering blows to the Gulf Coast and Florida, as well as Caribbean island nations, all in just five weeks.
Bush Sends Intelligence Bill to Congress (AP) AP - President Bush presented Congress on Thursday with legislation to create a strong national intelligence director with authority to control the nonmilitary portions of the nation's intelligence budget.
AstraZeneca Sues U.S. Generic Drug Maker  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Drug maker AstraZeneca Plc  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=AZN.L target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;AZN.L&lt;/A&gt;&lt;AZN.N&gt; on Thursday said it has sued generic drug maker  KV Pharmaceutical Co &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=KVa.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;KVa.N&lt;/A&gt; over one of its branded high blood  pressure medications.
In China, Farmers' Labor Bears Too Much Fruit The plight of the litchi industry shows both the promise and the pitfalls of China's economic growth, from the flood of investment to overproduction and crashing profits.
Luxury Market Blooms Near Red Square Moscow has become one of the fastest growing luxury markets in the world, as designer boutiques rush in to meet the demands of the wealthy.
Bollore has asked for Havas board seats-Havas CEO French corporate raider Vincent Bollore has asked for seats on the board of French advertising company Havas (EURC.PA: Quote, Profile, Research) , Havas #39;s chief executive said on Thursday, saying the company was considering the 
EarthLink Intros SIP-Based P2P Prototype Officials at EarthLink #39;s (Quote, Chart) R amp;D facility have quietly released a proof-of-concept file-sharing application based on the Session Initiated Protocol (define).
Symonds leads Aussies into last four LONDON, England (AFP) - Andrew Symonds blasted a quickfire 71 not out as Australia beat New Zealand by seven wickets in the ICC Champions Trophy here at the Oval yesterday.
Under the Weight of 700, Bonds Returns Home to Lift His Growing &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; As Barry Bonds stood in the on-deck circle at Miller Park on Thursday afternoon, he gazed upon the thousands who had come to see him hit a ball into the seats, and he recognized a face from home.
Annan in firing line over his illegal war claim COALITION allies yesterday flatly rejected the assertion by Kofi Annan, the United Nations secretary general, that the war in Iraq was illegal.
Afghan president under fire Afghanistan #39;s president, Hamid Karzai, yesterday evaded an apparent assassination attempt, when a rocket attack missed his helicopter.
First arrests made over Australian embassy bombing in Jakarta Indonesian police investigating the bombing of the Australian embassy in Jakarta last week have made their first arrests. They have taken into custody a couple suspected of having links to the attack #39;s alleged 
Copper recoups losses London Metal Exchange (LME) copper recouped earlier losses to finish Wednesday #39;s open outcry trade unchanged, getting little direction from a mixed set of US economic data.
Bollore asks for Havas seat Pressure on French advertising group Havas mounted yesterday as it emerged that corporate raider and dissident shareholder Vincent Bollore has asked for seats on the company #39;s board.
first profit since merger Corus, Britain #39;s biggest steelmaker, yesterday reported its first profits since the merger of British Steel and Dutch rival Hoogovens five years ago.
Sacked Shell chairman hits back at FSA Sir Philip Watts, the former chairman of Shell, yesterday broke his silence with a blistering attack on the City regulator, which he accused of riding roughshod over his rights and writing a  quot;flawed quot; report.
Children #39;s sign language reflects linguistic rules WASHINGTON - A new form of sign language created by deaf children in Nicaragua may offer clues about how language evolves, researchers say.
Microsoft warns of jpeg vulnerability Users of Microsoft Windows who have not downloaded the SP2 update are at risk of exposure to hackers when they open jpeg picture files, the BBC said Thursday.
Sun-Microsoft Pact Excludes OpenOffice Users Microsoft Corp. and Sun Microsystems Inc. have agreed not to sue each other or their customers for patent infringements, but the pact announced in April specifically states that the protection does not apply 
Geeks Code for the Gold If your idea of a good workout is a vigorous code-debugging session, you probably made plenty of snarky comments during the Summer Olympics last month.
Legality of invasion  quot;unclear quot; Prime Minister Helen Clark believes the legality of the US-led invasion of Iraq is unclear, a spokesman for her office said on Friday.
Diamondbacks Rip Rockies 8-5 (AP) AP - Danny Bautista hit a run-scoring double in the seventh and scored on Alex Cintron's sacrifice fly, lifting the Arizona Diamondbacks to an 8-5 victory over the Colorado Rockies.
Indonesian Man Arrested, Lied About Fire (AP) AP - An Indonesian man has been arrested for failing to disclose on his U.S. visa application that he poured gasoline during a riot over gas prices, helping start a fire that killed more than 200 people in Jakarta, authorities said Thursday.
Hurricanes May Have Upset NASA's Schedule (AP) AP - Hurricanes Charley, Frances and Ivan have cost NASA a least a week's worth of work and upset its tight schedule for resuming shuttle flights, throwing into doubt the space agency's plans to launch Discovery in early spring.
Briefly: Data center firms settle cookie suit roundup Plus: nStor sells off telecoms management unit...Nortel lowers expectations...Microsoft connects with SAP...Autodesk updates hobbyist tool.
Under the Weight of 700, Bonds Returns Home to Lift His Growing Legend After two games trying in vain to yank his 700th home run, Barry Bonds was content to collect three line-drive hits in a 4-0 victory over the Brewers on Thursday.
In Cup Gambit, U.S. Is Pairing Its Aces Creating a stir on the day before the 35th Ryder Cup, Hal Sutton paired Tiger Woods with Phil Mickelson for Friday's opening four-ball match.
Data center firms settle cookie suit F5 Networks and Radware have come to terms in a patent dispute over "cookie persistence" technology.
Crude Oil May Fall as Output Rebounds, Survey Says (Update1) Crude oil may fall next week as Gulf of Mexico production rebounds and tanker shipments resume after Hurricane Ivan, according to a Bloomberg News survey of traders and analysts.
An August Vacation for Inflation Prices came in surprisingly weak, despite surging oil costs. And since crude is likely to recede, the CPI should now stay flat. You wouldn #39;t know that crude-oil prices spiked to their highest levels in two 
Ex-Shell chief Watts demands public tribunal to clear his name The former chairman of Shell, Sir Philip Watts, is to take the main City regulator, the Financial Services Authority, to a public tribunal to try to clear his name over the oil giant #39;s reserves scandal.
Kingfisher to plough 75m into price cuts Kingfisher will reinvest 75m gleaned from shaking up its supply chain in lower prices this year, the do-it-yourself retailer said yesterday as it reported a sharp rise in interim profits.
Update 3: Tokyo Stocks Mixed Early Tokyo stocks were mixed early Friday as investors avoided significant moves ahead of a long weekend. The dollar was up against the Japanese yen.
Kodak, IBM to make sensors for digital cameras ROCHESTER, NY Kodak and IBM have agreed to develop and make image sensors for digital cameras and camera phones. Jeff Couture of IBM says the information-technology giant is pursuing the partnership due to 
A Firefox in IE #39;s Henhouse When was the last time you heard about the browser wars? Well, they #39;re back. The reason: For the first time in more than seven years, Microsoft (MSFT ) is losing Web browser market share.
International Olympiad in Informatics Step aside Michael Phelps; geeks with glasses can now sport a gold medal thanks to the annual International Olympiad in Informatics (IOI).
Spadea cruises into quarters TOP-seeded American Vincent Spadea cruised past compatriot James Blake 6-3 6-1 here to reach the quarter-finals of the Millennium International tournament today.
Colombia Seizes Cali Cartel-Linked Stores (Reuters) Reuters - Colombia on Thursday seized\hundreds of drug stores across the country suspected of money\laundering for the Cali cocaine cartel, in the biggest property\seizure in Colombia's history.
Spadea Advances to MIT Quarterfinals (AP) AP - Top-seeded Vincent Spadea beat James Blake 6-3, 6-1 Thursday night to advance to the quarterfinals of the Millennium International Tennis Championships.
It's Styles That Make Fights, Even Among Trainers Unbidden, Floyd Mayweather Sr. will tell you how good he is as a trainer. It doesn't hurt that he trains Oscar De La Hoya.
U.S. Weapons Inspector: Iraq Had No WMD WASHINGTON - Drafts of a report from the top U.S. inspector in Iraq conclude there were no weapons stockpiles, but say there are signs the fallen Iraqi President Saddam Hussein had dormant programs he hoped to revive at a later time, according to people familiar with the findings...
Ivans Path Scientists once calculated that a hurricane gives off about 200 times much energy as all the world #39;s electric plants combined.
Schilling Gets 20th As Red Sox Beat D-Rays (AP) AP - Curt Schilling became the first 20-game winner in the major leagues this season, reaching the mark for the third time in four years and leading the Boston Red Sox to an 11-4 victory over the Tampa Bay Devil Rays on Thursday night.
AP: Ex-Florida Coach Fred Zook to Illinois (AP) AP - Former Florida coach Ron Zook will be named Tuesday as Illinois' 22nd head football coach, sources told The Associated Press Monday.
Terror Hearings Panelists Dismissal Urged (AP) AP - The presiding officer in charge of U.S. military commissions in Guantanamo Bay has recommended that two panel members be dismissed from hearing cases of suspected terrorists because they could be considered biased.
N.Korea Blast Scene a Construction Site -- Diplomats (Reuters) Reuters - Diplomats who visited the scene of a\mysterious explosion in North Korea said the site was a\hydroelectric construction project, and one envoy said more\blasts were planned, Kyodo news agency reported.
N.Korea Blast Scene a Construction Site -- Diplomats  TOKYO (Reuters) - Diplomats who visited the scene of a  mysterious explosion in North Korea said the site was a  hydroelectric construction project, and one envoy said more  blasts were planned, Kyodo news agency reported.
Budget Use of Pensions Sows Trouble in San Diego San Diego faces the possibility of a bankruptcy filing because of a shortfall in its pension fund, but the practice is commonplace among other cities.
Clear Channel Is Expanding in Spanish Radio Clear Channel Communications said it would convert up to 25 of its stations to Spanish-language formats as it pursues advertising dollars aimed at Hispanic listeners.
Hurricane Ivan's Fury Kills 20 Along the Gulf Coast Hurricane Ivan carved a path of destruction through the Southeast with winds reaching 130 miles an hour.
Schilling Gets 20th As Red Sox Beat D-Rays BOSTON - Curt Schilling became the first 20-game winner in the major leagues this season, reaching the mark for the third time in four years and leading the Boston Red Sox to an 11-4 victory over the Tampa Bay Devil Rays on Thursday night.    Kevin Millar and Johnny Damon each homered and drove in four runs, and Boston moved within 3 1/2 games of the first-place New York Yankees in the AL East...
Heart Attack, Drugs Caused James' Death LOS ANGELES - Toxicology and other tests determined that funk singer Rick James died last month from a heart attack due to an enlarged heart, with numerous drugs including methamphetamine and cocaine contributing factors, the county coroner announced Thursday.    The death was declared an accident, said coroner's spokesman David Campbell, who emphasized that none of the drugs were found to be at life-threatening levels...
Symantec to acquire security firm stake Symantec has signed an agreement to acquire stake, a security consulting and software company, Symantec said Thursday. stake will improve Symantec #39;s consulting contacts--six of the top 10 financial institutions are customers, Symantec said.
Egyptian animals mummified same way as humans Researchers examined four mummified animalstwo hawks, a cat, and an ibis to find that ancient Egyptians mummified animals in a similar way to humans.
A Puzzling Change for Mickelson MORE than any of the rest of the world #39;s best golfers, Phil Mickelson has often tried to do the spectacular because he thinks he will hit a magical shot.
Symonds Leads Aussies Into Champions Trophy Semis LONDON, UK : Sep 17 (PNS) - Andrew Symonds hit four sixes and seven boundaries in his unbeaten knock of 71 off 47 deliveries and along with Dean Martyn who made 60 not out, led the Australians to a comfortable victory against the Clear Black CAPS by seven 
Soriano injured in steal attempt Besides suffering a 5-4 loss to the A #39;s on Thursday, the Rangers saw All-Star second baseman Alfonso Soriano suffer an injury to his left leg while stealing third base in the eighth inning.
Tennessee #39;s freshman QBs make good first impression When does a college quarterback know he #39;s arrived? Is it when history is made? When Tennessee quarterback Brent Schaeffer started in the Vols #39; 42-17 win against UNLV two weeks 
Fox cleared over Ice Saint ride Sean Fox, the jockey who was accused of deliberately jumping off a horse at Fontwell earlier this year, has been exonerated of breaking any rules at a Jockey Club disciplinary hearing.
Key NI talks continue Northern Ireland #39;s politicians are preparing for a second day of intensive talks aimed at restoring devolved government. The talks, continuing on Friday at Leeds Castle in Kent, are seen as the most important 
Cherie denies Blair  #39;wobbled #39; and had thoughts of resigning Cherie Blair yesterday dismissed suggestions that her husband had considered resigning as Prime Minister because of the family pressures he was facing.
McGrath proves he #39;s on the way back But Australia has overwhelmed the apparent next best one-day team in the world with a seven-wicket win over New Zealand set up by Glenn McGrath #39;s early burst and finished off by a brutal knock from Andrew Symonds.
Srichaphan edges out Lisnard to advance in China Open Sixth seed Paradorn Srichaphan knocked out French player Jean-Rene Lisnard 6-4, 7-5 to advance to the second round of China Open tennis tournament Wednesday in Beijing.
National League Game Summary - Atlanta at New York The Braves #39; magic number to clinch the NL East remained at 10, thanks to Florida #39;s 4-3 victory over Montreal...Keppinger #39;s error was the 130th this season for the Mets, tops in the majors...Betemit #39;s RBI was the first of his career...Atlanta holds a 10-6 
Gonzales given triple-life sentence A Sydney student will spend the rest of his life in jail for the stabbing murders of his parents and sister in 2001. Sef Gonzales showed no emotion when Justice Bruce James told him in the Supreme Court in 
Security key in Indonesia vote? After eight months of campaigning centered largely on personality, security issues could become a key factor in Indonesia #39;s presidential election.
US warned over Boeing subsidies BRUSSELS: The European Union yesterday demanded Washington explain more clearly how it subsidises Boeing Co and warned it would counter any US challenge targeting EU rival Airbus Industrie before the World Trade Organisation.
Symantec to acquire security consultants Stake Symantec has agreed to acquire Stake, a Cambridge, Mass.-based provider of IT security consulting services. After closure of the deal, expected in October, Symantec plans to integrate Stake #39;s services and 
Right products for demanding markets RiTdisplay Corporation is one of the top three OLED makers in the world. The company provides the right technology for innovative knowledge, the right time for real-time competitiveness and the right products for customer satisfaction.
Thursday at the Ryder Cup Bloomfield Hills, MI (Sports Network) - No matter what you did on Thursday, I #39;ve got you topped. I attended the Opening Ceremonies for the 35th Ryder Cup Matches and what a show this was, but a different one from years past.
Pekerman revealed as Argentina coach BUENOS AIRES, Sep 17 (SW) - The Argentine Football Association (AFA) has revealed their new national team coach to be Jos Pekerman.
Plate umpire O #39;Nora ill, game delayed Plate umpire Brian O #39;Nora became ill during the game between the Atlanta Braves and New York Mets on Wednesday night, causing a delay of nine minutes.
Turks plan to outlaw adultery TURKEY #39;S Islamic-rooted ruling party was planning to introduce a proposal to criminalise adultery despite earlier statements that the controversial measure had been shelved, Turkish media reported today.
Calif. Judge Cuts Microsoft Legal Fees (Reuters) Reuters - A San Francisco judge ordered Microsoft\Corp.  to pay lawyers involved in its  #36;1.1 billion\class action settlement  #36;100 million in legal fees, less than\half of the original fees they requested, company officials\said on Thursday.
IAEA Envoys Wrestle With Iran Resolution (AP) AP - U.S. and European diplomats tentatively agreed Thursday to demand a new Iranian freeze on uranium enrichment by fall as they fine-tuned a draft resolution meant to deprive Iran of technology that could be used to make nuclear weapons.
Colorado State Limits Alcohol at Stadium (AP) AP - Following the death of a female student and two off-campus riots, Colorado State University officials on Thursday said alcohol sales for most of its football stadium would be suspended until at least Feb. 1.
Dollar Edges Down on Doubts Over Fed  TOKYO (Reuters) - The dollar edged down on Friday after  soft U.S. manufacturing data fueled the view that the Federal  Reserve may slow or even temporarily halt its tightening  campaign.
Palmeiro Keys Victory Rafael Palmeiro homers and Rodrigo Lopez wins his third straight start, lifting the Orioles to a 9-5 victory over the Blue Jays on Thursday.
A Physical Stretch Physical defense and a defiant attitude has fueled the Mystics' four-game winning streak and rise to playoff contention.
Hixon Remains in Coma Redskins receivers coach Stan Hixon said Thursday that he is optimistic his son Drew, a receiver at Tennessee Tech who remains in a coma, will recover.
Jeanne Plows Into the Dominican Republic SAMANA, Dominican Republic - Hurricane Jeanne plowed into the Dominican Republic Thursday, killing a baby and forcing thousands of people to flee their homes. The storm unleashed floods and left two dead a day earlier in Puerto Rico...
Hurricane Ivan Slams Gulf Coast; 22 Dead PENSACOLA, Fla. - Hurricane Ivan drilled the Gulf Coast on Thursday with 130-mph winds that inflicted far less damage than feared everywhere except Florida's Panhandle, where residents were left with surge-ravaged beachfronts, flooded streets and homes ripped apart by deadly tornadoes...
Both leaders taking big risks Not that the hockey negotiations aren #39;t going to proceed in utterly good faith, but the NHL owners piled up a \$300 million war chest and the players union long ago warned its members to be ready to go 18 months without a paycheck.
Padres acquire Gonzalez from Expos The San Diego Padres quickly found a replacement for injured shortstop Khalil Greene, acquiring Alex Gonzalez from the Montreal Expos on Thursday night for a player to be named or cash.
SEC teams hope to beat Ivan to punch Hurricane Ivan is threatening to wash out one of the highlights in the biggest weekend of college football so far. Southeastern Conference officials are mulling whether to postpone No.
Time yet right to reopen controversial law, says Tung Hong Kong #39;s Beijing-backed chief executive yesterday ruled out any early moves to pass a controversial national security law which last year sparked a street protest by half a million people.
UN under fire for rejecting the voice of Taiwan After 12 years of failure it is time for Taiwan to adopt a new strategy in its quest to gain a seat at the United Nations, Minister of Foreign Affairs Mark Chen () said yesterday.
Ousted Shell Chairman Assails Regulators Sir Philip Watts, in his first public statement since he was ousted as chairman of the Royal Dutch/Shell Group in March, said on Thursday that British financial regulators 
Irish have renewed hope After a 28-20 upset of Michigan in their home opener, the Irish certainly have cause for optimism. Notre Dame rebounded from 20-17 loss to BYU in a disappointing season debut to play very well against the Wolverines.
Bush claims UN support for ousting Saddam St Cloud, US: Faced with UN chief Kofi Annan #39;s charge that the war in Iraq was  #39;illegal #39; under the world body #39;s charter, President George W. Bush strongly implied that the invasion enjoyed UN support.
No decision by Musharraf on keeping both posts: US Washington: The United States has said Pakistani leader Pervez Musharraf has not taken any decision on keeping both posts of Army Chief and the President and it expected continued democratic reforms in the country.
Russia May Have to Delay Space Launch (AP) AP - Russia may have to delay October's planned launch of the next International Space Station crew by up to 10 days to fix a problem on the spacecraft that is to carry them into orbit, Russian news agencies reported.
AL Wrap: Crosby Blast Ends Rogers' Run in Oakland (Reuters) Reuters - Bobby Crosby hit a three-run double in\the fifth inning as the Athletics ended Kenny Rogers dominance\in Oakland, downing the Texas Rangers 5-4 in American League\play on Thursday.
Egyptians Spared No Expense on Animal Mummies (Reuters) Reuters - Ancient Egyptians revered cats and other\animals and took as much care in preparing them for their\passage to the next life as they did with humans, scientists\said on Wednesday.
Taiwan Denies Wrongdoing in Ex-U.S. Diplomat Meetings  TAIPEI (Reuters) - Premier Yu Shyi-kun said on Friday that  Taiwan intelligence officers had held secret dealings with a  former senior U.S. diplomat but denied that the government had  committed any wrongdoing.
Lohse Continues Roll Kyle Lohse pitches seven sharp innings as the Twins beat the White Sox, 10-1, Thursday for their ninth straight victory.
Corus brings halt to losses STEEL group Corus unveiled profits for the first time yesterday after soaring prices and a restructuring boosted the former British Steel business.
Take A Sniff It #39;s The Nose Mouse An inventor from Canada has developed a computer mouse that is controlled by nose and eyelid movements. The invention is dubbed the  quot;Nouse.
Nasscom urges WB to boost infrastructure West Bengal government should give more emphasis to infrastructure development by building more roads, rapid transit and communication systems for providing a conducive environment to the information technology sector, Nasscom president Kiran Karnik said 
Police make first arrests in bombing outside Australian embassy JAKARTA - Indonesian police investigating the bombing of the Australian embassy in Jakarta last week have made their first arrests.
Nortel's Shares Fall on Revenue Warning Nortel Networks reversed a longstanding position that its revenue growth would exceed the overall market's this year.
Infineon to Pay a Fine in the Fixing of Chip Prices Federal prosecutors cracked a global cartel that had illegally fixed prices of memory chips in personal computers and servers for three years.
All the Yankees Are Raving About Hernndez's Second Act Where would the Yankees be this season without Orlando Hernndez? Second place, of course.
Riggs Probe Includes Recordings  Federal regulators and prosecutors are scouring tape recordings of more than 150 Riggs Bank board meetings as they investigate what role top executives, including former chairman Joe L. Allbritton, played in more than a decade of violations of anti-money-laundering laws at the company, according to five sources familiar with the tapes.
Quarterback Controversy Imperils a Successful Season for Dolphins The battle that has erupted in Miami between Jay Fiedler and A. J. Feeley is only the latest problem for a franchise that must wonder if the locusts are coming next.
Old Labor Tactics Resurface in Unite Here Union Labor experts say Unite Here, the newly merged union that is representing the D.C. hotel workers in their current contract dispute, is one of the most outspoken and toughest unions under the AFL-CIO umbrella.
Inflation in Check, Bond Prices Rise Briskly Thursday's bond price rally followed a government report that showed that inflation was well restrained in August.
Hurricane Ivan's Fury Kills 20 Along the Middle Gulf Coast Hurricane Ivan carved a path of destruction through the Southeast with winds reaching 130 miles an hour.
Business Digest The Boeing Co. #39;s finance unit yesterday reached an agreement with Hawaiian Airlines Inc. that allows the airline to keep using 14 Boeing planes as it tries to exit bankruptcy.
Ottawa to sell off all Petro-Canada shares Ottawa is selling off its \$3.1-billion stake in Petro-Canada, the Calgary-based oil company says. The stock sale would be the biggest in Canadian history.
TI plans a buyback and boosts dividend No.1 maker of chips used in cell phones announces \$1B stock repurchase and raises payout nearly 18. NEW YORK (CNN/Money) - Texas Instruments, the world #39;s largest maker of chips used in cell phones, announced 
Spammer  #39;bounty hunters #39; will need cash, FTC says WASHINGTON--The US government should be prepared to spend freely if it decides to encourage  quot;bounty hunters quot; to track down e-mail spammers, the US Federal Trade Commission said Thursday.
Symantec Buys Stake Anti-virus specialist Symantec (Quote, Chart) late Thursday announced a deal to acquire privately held security consulting firm Stake.
Expos trade Gonzalez to Padres Padres general manager Kevin Towers called Expos general manager Omar Minaya on Thursday afternoon and told him he needed a shortstop because Khalil Greene had broken his 
Johnson rides into  #39;playoffs #39; with hype, skill on his side It might make the racing crowd cringe, but what NASCAR boss Brian France is doing to manufacture excitement at a time of the year when racing usually hits a lull and sports fans 
Greens hope more think Iraq action illegal The Greens are hopeful Kofi Annan #39;s statement that the US-led war on Iraq was illegal will help lead more people around the world to think the same.
Hu and Jiang jockey for position Xinhua reports that the 4th plenary session of the Chinese Communist Party #39;s (CCP) 16th Central Committee will be held in Beijing from Sept.
Little Progress in Aircraft Talks The European Union on Thursday demanded that Washington explain more clearly how it subsidizes the Boeing Co. and warned it would counter any US challenge targeting France 
 quot;Ivan the Terrible quot;: deaths and billions of dollars in damage Hurricane Ivan may cost insurers less than first estimated after the third storm to hit the US in six weeks skirted New Orleans. US claims will probably total \$2 billion to \$7 billion, down from a previous 
09,16,04,counterfeit,CaliforniaWire A Gardena man is among 11 people charged in a federal investigation that led to the seizure of \$87 million in counterfeit computer software, prosecutors announced Thursday.
Corning goes ahead with capacity upgrade Corning Inc, the world #39;s largest maker of glass substrates used in liquid-crystal displays (LCDs), said yesterday that it would go ahead with its capacity expansion as planned, adding that decisions 
Surprise bounce in retail sales Britain #39;s retail sales unexpectedly bounced back last month as shoppers apparently shrugged off the Bank of England #39;s five interest rate rises since November.
Feds Consider Putting A Bounty On Spammers #39; Heads The FTC weighs the advantages of rewarding people for identifying spammers. It #39;s a more complex calculation than you might think.
Childhood learning may determine linguistic rules The way children learn may determine the building blocks of language, suggests a study of deaf Nicaraguan children. Ann Senghas of New York #39;s Columbia University, US, and colleagues studied three generations 
Shuttle schedule clouded by hurricanes Hurricanes Charley, Frances and Ivan have cost NASA a least a weeks worth of work and upset its tight schedule for resuming shuttle flights, throwing into doubt the 
Sears Takes On Cyberspace Sears, Roebuck and Co., which has successfully sold its tools and appliances on the web, is counting on having the same magic with bedspreads and sweaters, thanks in part to expertise gained by its purchase of Lands #39; End.
Sports: Orioles 9 Blue Jays 5 Palmeiro #39;s ninth-inning shot left him one behind Mike Schmidt for tenth place on the all-time list. The Orioles won for the eighth time in their last ten road games.
Taiwan #39;s 12th bid for UN membership fails Taiwan #39;s 12th bid to enter the UN failed after the UN General Assembly decided on Wednesday not to include a proposal considering Taiwan #39;s representation in the body in its agenda.
Standardize airport security standards The two Chechen suicide bombers who brought down two Russian passenger jets at the same time Aug. 24 gained access through petty bribes at Moscow #39;s airport, Russia #39;s top prosecutor said Wednesday.
NL Wrap: Ramirez Shines in Cubs Victory Over Reds (Reuters) Reuters - Aramis Ramirez homered three times and\drove in all of Chicago's runs as the Cubs edged the Cincinnati\Reds 5-4 in National League play at the Great American Ballpark\on Thursday.
Soriano Injured, Could Miss Rest of Season  OAKLAND, Calif. (Sports Network) - Texas Rangers second  baseman Alfonso Soriano left Thursday's 5-4 loss to Oakland  after he injured his left leg, and he might miss the rest of  the season.
Goldman Sachs Enters Fray for Takefuji  TOKYO (Reuters) - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. may be in talks  with the founding family of top Japanese consumer finance firm  Takefuji Corp. for a stake of over \$2.74 billion, a source told  Reuters on Friday, heating up competition among foreign  investors to enter a \$97 billion industry.
Update 3: Tokyo Stocks Lower at Late Morning Tokyo stocks fell Friday morning as investors avoided significant moves ahead of a long weekend. The dollar was down against the Japanese yen.
Cash Bounties For Spammers Win Limited FTC Backing The Federal Trade Commission yesterday gave limited endorsement to offering cash rewards to people who help track down e-mail spammers, suggesting that such bounties might work but in fewer 
Make Our Ports Safer Homeland Security Secretary Tom Ridge met with a group of Seattle officials recently and told us he #39;s sleeping better at night because our country is better prepared than before to defend against a terrorist attack.
Remorseless quest all the way London: On the eve of yesterdays clash between Australia and New Zealand, Kiwi skipper Stephen Fleming, while referring to the one-sided nature of matches played thus far in the ICC Champions Trophy, had stated, in effect, that the fireworks would 
Another showdown for archrivals The race for the American League East title could either be finished or just getting started after this weekend at Yankee Stadium.
BREWERS: Another loss, but Bonds held homerless MILWAUKEE - The Milwaukee Brewers may have lost the war - losing three games to the San Francisco Giants - but they won the battle against slugger Barry Bonds.
Boston #39;s Schilling first to 20 wins Boston, MA (Sports Network) - Curt Schilling won his seventh straight start and became baseball #39;s first 20-game winner, leading the Boston Red Sox past the Tampa Bay Devil Rays, 11-4 at Fenway Park.
Annan claims war in Iraq is illegal The United States and its coalition partners on Thursday defended the war in Iraq after UN Secretary General Kofi Annan asserted it was  quot;illegal quot; because it didn #39;t have Security Council support.
Plea Due in MedImmune Fraud Case Former Medimmune executive Eric Tsao is expected to plead guilty Friday to securities fraud, a case legal experts say is the latest in a series against high-profile defendants who allegedly try to subvert investigations. &lt;br&gt;&lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Port Security May Be Aided By Electronic Container Seals The Homeland Security Department could access data stored in the electronic container seal, but failure rates must be below 5. By Larry Greenemeier.
Golf: Ryder Cup pairings named Tiger Woods and Colin Montgomerie will meet in the opening four-balls at Oakland Hills.
Stakes high for England England will have a semi-final place in their sights when they face Sri Lanka in the Champions Trophy.
Hurricane Ivan Slams Gulf Coast; 23 Dead PENSACOLA, Fla. - Hurricane Ivan drilled the Gulf Coast on Thursday with 130-mph winds that inflicted far less damage than feared everywhere except Florida's Panhandle, where residents were left with surge-ravaged beachfronts, flooded streets and homes ripped apart by deadly tornadoes...
New Pickup Makes Hummer Look Rather Puny DALLAS - This one could make the Hummer look like a girlie car. International Truck and Engine Corp...
U.S. Weapons Inspector: Iraq Had No WMD WASHINGTON - Drafts of a report from the top U.S. inspector in Iraq conclude there were no stockpiles of weapons of mass destruction, but say there are signs the fallen Iraqi President Saddam Hussein had dormant programs he hoped to revive at a later time, according to people familiar with the findings...
Bush Leads in One Poll, Tied in Another WASHINGTON - President Bush has a double-digit lead in one new national poll, but he's tied with Democrat John Kerry in another.    Both campaigns say their own polling has the race close, with Bush's people seeing a slight lead for the president...
Oil Prices Firm as Storms Threaten Supply (Reuters) Reuters - World oil prices rose on Friday,\boosted by production stoppages due to a severe hurricane in\the Gulf of Mexico and worries that another storm might further\delay imports into the United States.
Chechen warlord claims responsibility for school hostage taking (AFP) AFP - Chechen warlord Shamil Basayev has claimed responsibility for the deadly school hostage taking in southern Russia, according to a letter posted on a rebel website.
Video: Taking It with You (Ziff Davis) Ziff Davis - Easily portable video becomes real; evaluating Microsoft's UI for portable media; what is thought?\\ #149; Video: Taking It with You\ #149; Gadget of the Month: The Portable Media Center\ #149; Thinking About Thinking
Bush, Kerry Not Invited to Annual Dinner (AP) AP - Neither President Bush nor Democratic challenger John Kerry has been invited to this year's Alfred E. Smith Memorial political dinner because campaign issues could detract from the "spirit" of the event, an official said Thursday.
Forecasters: More Hurricanes May Be on Way (AP) AP - Ivan, Frances and Charley delivered three staggering blows to the Gulf Coast and Florida, as well as Caribbean island nations, all in just five weeks. Now here comes Jeanne, which could be lashing north Florida and Georgia by Monday. Homeowners ritualistically re-hammering the same plywood over their windows figure it can't get much worse, right?
Search Engine Forums Spotlight Links to this week's topics from search engine forums across the web: Amazon Launches A9 Search Engine - FindWhat Announces Pay-Per-Call Ad Option - Sitemaps On The Homepage - Optimizing An Annual Reports Page - Jeeves goes to the Himalayas - How to boot someone out of Google
Yankees, Red Sox tangle with division title on the line Derek Jeter, who has been through this line of questioning before, shrugged his shoulders, flipped through the file of stock answers in his mind and hit the play button when he reached the Boston Red Sox folder.
TI increases dividend, buyback SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW) -- With its stock down 26 percent this year, Texas Instruments boosted its quarterly dividend payment to 2.5 cents a share and set a \$1 billion stock repurchase plan, the chipmaker announced late Thursday.
Knight Ridder issues Q3 warning SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW) -- Knight Ridder late Thursday warned its third-quarter profit from operations will fall short of most analysts #39; estimates due to advertising losses related to the impact of three hurricanes on its newspapers in Florida and Georgia.
Excited Bnei Sakhnin team leave for St James Park TEL AVIV: The players of Israels Bnei Sakhnin set off on the greatest soccer journey of their lives on Monday when they travelled from their poor town in the north of the country to Newcastle Uniteds St James Park.
Padres Blank Dodgers 3-0 (AP) AP - Adam Eaton allowed five hits over seven innings for his career-high 10th victory, Brian Giles homered for the second straight game, and the San Diego Padres beat the Los Angeles Dodgers 3-0 Thursday night.
Ponting leaves door open for Lee comeback (AFP) AFP - Australian captain Ricky Ponting has left the door open for fast bowler Brett Lee to return to the side for next week's ICC Champions Trophy semi-final.
'No WMD stockpile find' in Iraq A draft report finds no WMD stockpiles in Iraq but evidence of plans for future programmes, say US officials.
In China, Farmers' Labor Bears Too Much Fruit The plight of the litchi industry shows both the promise and the pitfalls of China's remarkable economic growth.
Padres Blank Dodgers 3-0 LOS ANGELES - Adam Eaton allowed five hits over seven innings for his career-high 10th victory, Brian Giles homered for the second straight game, and the San Diego Padres beat the Los Angeles Dodgers 3-0 Thursday night.    The NL West-leading Dodgers' lead was cut to 2 1/2 games over San Francisco - their smallest since July 31...
2 Kidnapped in Iraq; 30 Killed in Fallujah BAGHDAD, Iraq - A team of kidnappers grabbed two Americans and a Briton in a dawn raid on their home on a leafy Baghdad street Thursday - a bold abduction that underlines the increasing danger for foreigners in the embattled capital as violence soars ahead of national elections planned for early next year.    West of the capital, U.S...
IT firm sees Q3 bottom-line hit from bankruptcy filing LOS ANGELES (CBS.MW) -- Electronic Data Systems on Thursday cautioned that US Airways Group #39;s bankruptcy could dampen its third-quarter earnings by up to 3 cents per share.
Unlike Florida, Alabama lacks state reinsurance program SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW) -- Reinsurers may be left with more of the losses from Hurricane Ivan than they faced from hurricanes Charley and Frances because Alabama has no state program to help insurers pay claims, analysts said.
Transocean finds missing oil rig SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW) - Transocean, after a frantic search for a giant oil rig blown off location by Hurricane Ivan, said late Thursday it found the structure drifting along 70 miles from the well it had been drilling, upright and apparently undamaged.
Kluivert nets twice against first Arab team in UEFA match Patrick Kluivert struck twice for Newcastle United in a 2-0 victory over Bnei Sakhnin of Israel, thefirst Arab team to play in the UEFA Cup first-round, first-leg match on Thursday.
Top seed Spadea enters Delray Beach ATP quarter-finals Top seed Vincent Spadea beat fellow American James Blake 6-3, 6-1 to reach the quarter-finals of the 380,000 US dollars Millennium International tennis tournament in Delray Beach, Florida on Thursday.
Finally, Fall Racing Meaningful If the Chase for the Championship is really supposed to be the elite part of the schedule, why does it include such mundane races as the fall events at New Hampshire, Dover and Martinsville and not the Daytona 500 or Brickyard 400?
Some Weapons at Russia School Were Stolen MOSCOW Sept. 16, 2004 - Some of the weapons used by militants in the deadly Russian school siege were pilfered from police posts in armed raids allegedly led by one of Chechnya #39;s most notorious warlords, Russia #39;s 
Prison call for Japan executive TOKYO Prosecutors on Thursday called for a three-year prison term for Yasuo Takei, the founder of Takefuji, a Japanese consumer finance company, for ordering illegal wiretaps and for defamation.
Japan OKs Free Trade Agreement With Mexico Japan #39;s Cabinet formally approved the signing of a free trade agreement with Mexico, ahead of a meeting between the two nations #39; leaders.
Mickelson, Woods team up to lead off US at Ryder Cup BLOOMFIELD TOWNSHIP, Mich.  Impeccably attired in a dark suit and gold-and-blue patterned necktie, American captain Hal Sutton struck the look of a Wall Street mogul Thursday when he announced 
MLB: Houston 8, St. Louis 3 Jeff Kent went two for four with four RBI Thursday night to give Houston an 8-3 victory over St. Louis. Mike Lamb added a home run as Houston remained two games behind San Francisco in the National League wild card race.
Angels Clobber Mariners 6-1 (AP) AP - The Anaheim Angels took advantage of two errors by Gold Glove second baseman Bret Boone, scoring four times in the eighth inning en route to a 6-1 win over the Seattle Mariners on Thursday night.
Antispam campaign bites the dust While its neighbors, software infrastructure and hardware upgrades, switched places this month, security held its spot at number three.
Chechen rebel claims school siege Chechen warlord Shamil Basayev claims responsibility for the Beslan siege in which more than 320 hostages died.
Storm buffets price of oil new yorkCrude oil rose yesterday for a third day in four on concern about the loss of production and possible damage from Hurricane Ivan, which passed just east of most Gulf of Mexico production platforms.
EU rejects US plea for Airbus aid ban BRUSSELS, Belgium - The European Union rejected a US demand to ban government loans to aircraftmaker Airbus SAS, intensifying a dispute between the two trading partners.
Rogers, Microcell discuss takeover Rogers Wireless Inc. is in talks with Microcell Telecommunications Inc. about a possible takeover and has asked the competition watchdog to give its advance blessing - just in case.
Kodak, IBM to team up ROCHESTER, NYEastman Kodak Co. and International Business Machines Corp. said yesterday they have agreed to develop and make image sensors for digital still cameras and camera phones.
NASA loses week of relaunch effort to hurricane Disruptions caused by three powerful hurricanes have cost NASA at least a week in its effort to rebound from the Columbia accident with a March shuttle launching, members of an oversight task force said Thursday.
Astros win to keep pace with Giants, Cubs Even if the contest had been played in a matter befitting two postseason contenders, Jeff Kent would have stood above everybody Thursday night at Busch Stadium.
DC in first place for Expos Washington, DC, remains the No. 1 choice to become the new home for the Montreal Expos, but issues remain, according to two people with knowledge of the relocation process.
Purdy sets Texas pace Ted Purdy hit a nine-under-par 61 to lead after the first round of the Valero Texas Open in San Antonio. The American, who is looking for his first PGA Tour victory, had birdies at four of his first five holes and finished eagle-birdie.
Powell rebukes Annan on Iraq Secretary of State Colin L. Powell yesterday expressed strong disapproval of UN Secretary-General Kofi Annan #39;s description of the US-led war in Iraq as illegal, saying the comment was  quot;not a very useful statement to make at this point.
Oil prices rise despite little storm damage WASHINGTON -- Oil prices rose yesterday despite reports that refineries along the Gulf Coast and production platforms in the Gulf of Mexico which had been shut down were being restaffed as Hurricane Ivan proved less disruptive than feared.
Around The Region Apache Corp., an oil and natural gas producer, increased its shareholder dividend by 33 percent after gains in energy prices and output boosted the company #39;s profits.
Storms dash dreams of Florida home Florida, which has lured more retirees and vacation homeowners than anywhere else, might be losing some appeal for the same reason it #39;s so beautiful: its place in the tropics.
Schilling gets 20th as Red Sox romp BOSTON - Curt Schilling got his 20th win on the eve of Boston #39;s big series with the New York Yankees. Now he wants much more.  quot;In a couple of weeks, hopefully, it will get a lot better, quot; he said after becoming 
Annan: Iraq invasion violated UN charter The United States and its military allies on Thursday challenged UN Secretary General Kofi Annan #39;s statement that last year #39;s invasion of Iraq was an illegal act that violated 
Indonesian Police Detain Seven People on Terror Links Indonesian police have detained seven people linked to terrorism since last week #39;s bombing outside the Australian embassy in Jakarta that killed nine people and wounded 182, officers said on Friday.
Indonesian Police Detain Seven People on Terror Links  JAKARTA (Reuters) - Indonesian police have detained seven  people linked to terrorism since last week's bombing outside  the Australian embassy in Jakarta that killed nine people and  wounded 182, officers said on Friday.
Afghans Arrest Three for Rocket Attack on Karzai  KABUL, Afghanistan (Reuters) - Three men have been arrested  for trying to kill Afghan President Hamid Karzai by firing a  rocket at his helicopter during his first election campaign  trip outside the capital, officials said on Friday.
Saints' Haslett Aims to Stay but Might Not (AP) AP - For a man whose job is on the line and whose team is on the skids, New Orleans Saints coach Jim Haslett was relaxed Monday.
Monty Relishing Early Ryder Cup Showdown with Woods  BLOOMFIELD HILLS, Michigan (Reuters) - Colin Montgomerie,  the dominant Ryder Cup player of the last 10 years, will clash  with the game's foremost talent in a mouth-watering opening to  the 35th match at Oakland Hills on Friday.
Nikkei at 2-Week Closing Low  TOKYO (Reuters) - The Nikkei average fell for a third  straight session to hit a two-week closing low on Friday as  renewed earnings concerns prompted selling in Sony Corp. and  its rivals.
Dollar on Hold as Doubts Grow Over Fed  TOKYO (Reuters) - The dollar dawdled at the lower end of  recent ranges on Friday after soft U.S. manufacturing data  fueled a view that the Federal Reserve may slow or even  temporarily halt its tightening campaign.
Alitalia deal still on the brink Alitalia's talks with unions look set to continue into the weekend, as management struggle to reach a deal with cabin crew.
Afghans Arrest Three for Rocket Attack on Karzai Three men have been arrested for trying to kill Afghan President Hamid Karzai by firing a rocket at his helicopter during his first election campaign trip outside the capital, officials said on Friday.
Nortel warns it now expects 2004 revenue growth will trail its &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; TORONTO (CP) - Nortel Networks shares fell Thursday after the troubled telecom equipment maker warned that its full-year growth in 2004 will likely trail the industry, rather than outperform its peers as the company has been predicting.
Mexico to Sign Trade Deal With Japan, Reduce Dependence on US Japanese Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi is expected in Mexico City Friday, where he and President Vicente Fox are set to sign a free trade pact.
American League Game Summary - Anaheim at Seattle Moyer lost to the Angels for the third time this season. His 10-game skid combined with Ryan Franklin #39;s 11-game slide that was just ended Wednesday night represents the first time since 1972 that two pitchers 
Expos to move Nov. 30 The Montreal Expos have received legal notice from Major League Baseball that the team will move Nov. 30, TQS television reported yesterday.
N Korea plans more blasts BEIJING - North Korea is planning to carry out further explosions as part of a hydroelectric power plant project after two major blasts last week that prompted worries of accidents and nuclear tests, the German ambassador to Pyongyang, who visited the 
Storms Could Cause Delay in Shuttle Flights The battering that this month's hurricanes have inflicted on NASA centers could strain an already tight schedule for resuming shuttle flights, but it is too early to tell how badly.
Internet Cafes Shut in Vietnam for Porn, Politics (Reuters) Reuters - Authorities in southern Vietnam have shut\down 65 Internet cafes and kiosks after finding hundreds of\addresses of pornographic and anti-government Web sites on\their computers, a newspaper reported on Friday.
BP sees no energy supply problem The global oil industry has the capacity to meet future demand, BP's chief executive tells newspapers.
Jaguar plant awaits closure fate US car giant Ford is expected to tell Jaguar workers on Friday that it will close the firm's historic Coventry factory
Nortel stock battered by more bad news Shares in Nortel Networks Corp. dropped 9 per cent yesterday after the telecom equipment giant, the subject of several Canadian and US accounting probes, hinted that rivals are taking a bite out of its market share.
Microsoft to pay Californian briefs \$112 million A JUDGE IS ordering Microsoft to pay \$112.5 million to attorneys who successfully sued the software maker for monopolizing a segment of California #39;s market.
IBM uses chip-based security from National Semiconductor IBM is the first computer maker to ship PCs with a new chip developed by National Semiconductor that protects desktops against hackers and viruses, both companies said this week.
Unrelenting rivalry moves into lion #39;s den The last time they saw each other, John Kerry was sitting in the Red Sox owner #39;s box on the eve of the Democratic National Convention and the front 
China #39;s communist party must adapt to changing times--media BEIJING, China -- Chinese state media Friday said it was crucial the ruling communist party adapt to social changes but gave few clues about an apparent power struggle as a secretive party plenum entered a second day.
Consumer Prices Climb; Jobless Claims Up WASHINGTON Sept. 16, 2004 - Consumer prices rose just 0.1 percent in August, a sign that inflation poses no immediate risk to the economy.
Nortel shares tumble after growth forecast reduced TORONTO -- Nortel Networks shares fell yesterday after the troubled telecom equipment maker said its growth this year will likely trail the overall industry -- rather than outperforming its peers as the company had been predicting.
Karzai escapes bid on life Gardez (Afghanistan), Sept. 16 (Reuters): Afghan President Hamid Karzai escaped an assassination bid today when a rocket was fired at his US military helicopter as it was landing in the southeastern town of Gardez.
Sri Lanka concern over violence (AFP) AFP - Sri Lanka expressed concern over truce violations by Tiger rebels as a top Norwegian envoy prepared to return home empty-handed after failing to end the island's talks deadlock, officials said.
S.Korea Says There Was No Big Blast in N.Korea  SEOUL (Reuters) - South Korea's latest assessment of a  widely reported explosion in North Korea last week is that  there was no blast at all at the suspected site, a vice  minister said on Friday.
Passenger Screenings to Be More Intrusive WASHINGTON - U.S. officials got a wake-up call last month about the need to screen airline passengers for explosives when two Chechen women apparently carried bombs onto two Russian planes and blew them up...
Ivan raises gas prices far from landfall Carolyn Roberts was ready for heavy wind and rain as the remnants of Hurricane Ivan approached northwest Georgia, but she didn #39;t anticipate storm-driven sticker shock at the gas pump.
Hackers to exploit latest Windows flaw HACKERS ARE swapping information online about the latest hole in Windows in the hope of getting a good exploit onto other people #39;s computers before they install SP2.
Big Blue installs Safekeeper TPM SafeKeeper Trusted I/O devices have a trusted platform module (TPM), which stores passwords, digital certificates, and encryption keys.
Souness Disappointed With Indiscipline Graeme Souness felt his Newcastle United side failed to cope with Bnei Sakhnin #39;s tactics during a 2-0 first leg Uefa Cup victory at St James Park that saw Nicky Butt and Abbass Swan of Bnei Sakhnin sent off and five visiting players booked.
Angels get all the breaks The Angels #39; team bus driver isn #39;t allowed to break the speed limit, but a couple of extra pumps on the gas pedal might have been in order as the big dog meandered toward Sea-Tac Airport on Thursday night.
Patriots not keeping tabs on streak The New England Patriots are so single-minded in pursuing their third Super Bowl triumph in four years that they almost have no room for any other history.
Contenders may be pacing, not chasing The Chase for the Nextel Cup begins Sunday at New Hampshire International Speedway. The question is, are drivers truly going to chase it, or are they going to sit back and let it come to them?
US and EU plane talks go nowhere Increasing the tension over government subsidies to Airbus and Boeing, yesterday #39;s latest round of talks between the United States and the European Union ended in deadlock.
Airbus says bid to join EU case doesn #39;t mean it backs Microsoft Airbus sought to clarify its stance in Microsoft #39;s European antitrust case yesterday, saying it #39;s not taking the software company #39;s side.
Delta and pilots trying to curb impact of early retirements Delta Air Lines managers and pilots will meet again today and likely negotiate through the weekend to find a way to keep the airline staffed with pilots as many opt for early retirement.
Sony to Pay Billions for MGM Film Library Japanese consumer electronic giant Sony is hoping to close a deal that will give it control of the famed MGM studio in the United States.
Sports in brief: Locked-out NHL players look for work NHL players began scattering across the globe Thursday in search of work on Day 1 of the lockout, with no negotiations scheduled between union and management.
Souness rues ill-discipline Newcastle boss Graeme Souness admitted his side failed to adapt to Bnei Sakhnin #39;s tactics as they earned a 2-0 first leg victory at St James Park.
HUGHES TO PICK SOUNESS BRAIN Mark Hughes will pick Graeme Souness brains about his new job as boss of Blackburn - but the Welshman insists he will bring his own brand of management to Ewood Park.
Kevin Roberts: Moss is on everyone #39;s agenda If Monday #39;s game comes down to Lito Sheppard vs. Randy Moss, the Eagles are in trouble. If Monday #39;s game comes down to Sheldon Brown .
French Open champ Myskina tumbles in Bali French Open champion Anastasia Myskina of Russia must face an early exit in the Wismilak International Tennis Tournament in Bali after losing to Maria Elena Camerin of 
SI.com ST. LOUIS (Ticker) -- Jeff Kent is doing his best to try and carry the Houston Astros to the postseason. Kent continued his big September by knocking in four runs as the Astros posted an 8-3 victory over the mistake-prone St.
Comets to miss 1st WNBA playoffs HOUSTON -- For the first time in franchise history, the Houston Comets will not be part of the WNBA postseason. Tangela Smith had 17 points and six rebounds for the Sacramento Monarchs, who used a 12-0 run 
UN Secretary-General Annan calls US-led war in Iraq  #39;illegal #39; During the past 18 months, Secretary-General Kofi Annan of the United Nations has expressed many reservations about the war in Iraq.
Afghan leader escapes attack rocket exploded near a helicopter carrying President Hamid Karzai yesterday, forcing him to abandon his trip and raising questions about how difficult it will be for him 
Radical Chechen Rebel Leader Takes Blame for Terror Attacks Radical Chechen rebel leader Shamil Basayev has apparently taken responsibility for a recent series of terrorist attacks in Russia.
Profile: Indonesia #39;s pioneering magazine Indonesia #39;s news magazine Tempo is one of Indonesia #39;s most respected publications, but, over its 30 year history, it has never been a stranger to controversy.
Cherie Blair denies quit rumours Cherie Blair, the prime minister #39;s wife, has denied claims that her husband considered standing down earlier this year. Mrs Blair said she would have been  quot;one of the first people to know quot; if the allegations were true.
LA hotel lockout could spur more labor action A major Los Angeles hotel locked out laundry workers yesterday in a move the general manager said could lead to a strike by union employees which, in turn, could spur action in two other major US cities.
Plea Due in MedImmune Stock Case A former executive at the Gaithersburg biotechnology firm MedImmune Inc. is scheduled to plead guilty today to criminal charges related to his allegedly improper stock trades, according to court papers.
Corning: Glass substrate shipments to increase 70 in 2004 The company estimates shipments will grow 5-10 this quarter, with a 10 growth in shipments to Taiwan-based panel makers. Even though panel shipments from Taiwan companies declined in July and August, Corning 
Padres shut out Dodgers Adam Eaton allowed five hits over seven innings for his career-high 10th victory, Brian Giles homered for the second straight game, and the San Diego Padres beat the Dodgers, 3-0, last night in Los Angeles.
IRA shutdown hinges on talks As Prime Minister Tony Blair and Irish Taoiseach Bertie Ahern go into the second day of peace talks with the political parties, paramilitary weapons were central to chances of success.
WORLD BRIEFS INDONESIAN EDITOR SENTENCED. An Indonesian court sentenced a leading magazine editor to 1 year in prison yesterday for defamation and  quot;inciting unrest quot; in a story published last year in Tempo, the nation #39;s top news magazine.
Europe, US agree on draft resolution on Iran nuclear program (AFP) AFP - The United States and three major European nations have reached agreement in Vienna on a draft resolution on Iran's alleged nuclear weapons program in a breakthrough that could lead to the text being adopted Friday by the UN nuclear watchdog, a US official told AFP.
Singapore may post double-digit economic growth in 2004 (AFP) AFP - Singapore may post double-digit economic growth this year, above the official forecast of 8.0-9.0 percent, Manpower Minister Ng Eng Hen said.
Irish Defensive Line Shuts Down Opponents (AP) AP - Linebacker Mike Goolsby knows better than anyone that Notre Dame's defensive line makes it difficult to run.
Open Source Software Goes to Work (PC World) PC World - Businesses don't have to dump Windows to test drive free or low-price applications whose use may improve the bottom line.
Goldman Sachs offers to buy stakes in Japan's Takefuji (AFP) AFP - US investment banking giant Goldman Sachs has offered to buy stakes in Japan's biggest consumer finance firm Takefuji Corp. for more than 300 billion yen (2.8 billion dollars), a report said.
Indonesia prepares for landmark presidential election (AFP) AFP - Indonesians cast their ballots Monday in the country's first democratic presidential election in a vote which will cap months of polls and finally consign decades of dictatorship to history.
Symantec To Launch Web Console For Managing Macs (TechWeb) TechWeb - Symantec announced it is working on a Web-based console for IT administrators to manage Norton AntiVirus for the Macintosh clients -- the software is expected in two months.
Fertility Clinics Vary on Embryo Disposal (AP) AP - The nation's fertility clinics vary widely when it comes to how they perform one of the most delicate aspects of their jobs: disposing of unused frozen human embryos that were created to help infertile women become pregnant.
STM, Oil Prices Pressure European Shares  PARIS (Reuters) - European shares inched lower on Friday as  a broker downgrade hit STMicroelectronics and volatile oil  prices continued to feed economic worries, offsetting solid  earnings at utility Veolia.
Indonesia Police Make First Embassy Bombing Arrest  JAKARTA (Reuters) - Indonesian police have made their first  arrest linked to a car bomb attack outside the Australian  embassy last week, detaining a man in West Java province, the  police chief said on Friday.
Iran May Extend Partial Nuke Enrichment Freeze  VIENNA (Reuters) - Iran's policymakers may decide to extend  its partial freeze on uranium enrichment, a process that can  make fuel for nuclear power plants or weapons, a senior Iranian  official said on Friday.
Reporter Smuggles Fake Bomb Into British Parliament  LONDON (Reuters) - An undercover reporter smuggled fake  bomb-making equipment into the British parliament, a day after  fox hunting protesters made a mockery of security by bursting  onto the floor of the debating chamber.
More than just a pretty face His face was as hard as flint, which is not easy for someone who looks like Oscar De La Hoya.
Zooming into prominence For Tricia Alley, the dilemma was both ecclesiastical and logistical. In short, how to fit in her weekly obligation to the Roman Catholic church so as not to conflict with her weekly avocation -- NASCAR. Living in the Seattle area, that was a tough call, given the races are aired Sunday mornings and last longer than even the most protracted ...
He's no Cup-cake at the event I'm a Montyphile and damn proud of it. Colin Montgomerie is achingly, valiantly, eternally human . If Monty isn't going to speak, well, he isn't going to speak. I was one of the many brushed off when he shot a frustrating 84 in the rain that horrible Saturday at Muirfield two years ago. But when Monty ...
NL notables Aramis Ramirez tied the club record with 14 total bases. His three homers gave the Cubs a franchise-record 213 this season, topping the 1998 club.
Brushing off the buzz So, Bronson Arroyo , will you pitch Alex Rodriguez any differently tonight in Yankee Stadium than you did the last time you faced him at Fenway Park July 24?
Twins win 9th straight Kyle Lohse pitched seven sharp innings, Michael Cuddyer went 3 for 4 with a homer, and the Minnesota Twins beat the Chicago White Sox, 10-1, at Minneapolis for their ninth straight victory.
AL notables Rangers' Alfonso Soriano left the game in Oakland in the eighth after injuring his left leg on a headfirst slide, putting the rest of his season in doubt. He will have an MRI exam today.
UK Betting gets Euro 2004 boost Online gaming and sports content firm UK Betting reduces its first-half losses, helped by cost cuts and big events like Euro 2004. 
Milloy won't be ready for Patriots Injured Buffalo Bills safety Lawyer Milloy ruled out any chance of returning to face the Patriots next month. That means Milloy, who broke his right forearm in a preseason game Aug. 28, will miss at least another three weeks, including the Oct. 3 game against the Patriots in Buffalo.  quot;Believe me, I would love to come back for that game, quot; ...
Wilfork has a nose for his new position Vince Wilfork came to the Patriots this offseason as a defensive lineman, meaning that in college he was accustomed to working his way to the opponent's backfield when the ball was snapped. But New England's first-round draft pick is now playing nose tackle, which means he must stay put and keep a crease from forming in the middle.
But seriously, folks There are times to go with the strong -- and there are times to go against the weak. In this case, Buffalo, Houston, and Miami. Each looked miserable last week and the hunch is this week will be more of the same.
Revolution hope history repeats itself Based on their finishes in the last two MLS regular seasons, the Revolution could be in a position of strength. Though the Revolution (5-11-9) are in last place in the overall standings, their recent track record in the final five games of the season provides hope.
Sinden: Owners in lockstep on lockout Harry Sinden didn't want to say,  quot;I told you so, quot; because he didn't see there was anything to be gained from it.
QB Santos gets Wildcats running wild When the University of New Hampshire published its 2004 media guide, redshirt freshman Ricky Santos wasn't even one of its featured quarterbacks.
Under Woods, Stonehill making some noise When Stonehill hired Chris Woods as its football coach after last season, the hope was he could once again revive a disappointing program.
This weekend's key New England games WILLIAM  amp; MARY (0-1) vs. UNH (2-0) When and where: Tomorrow at noon in Durham, N.H. Last season: William  amp; Mary won, 38-28. Comments: The 10th-ranked Wildcats have jumped out to a 2-0 start behind the surprising play of redshirt freshman quarterback Ricky Santos. Since stepping in for an injured Mike Granieri, Santos has completed 40-of-51 pass attempts for 531 ...
UConn-BC: Lots of hard feelings You know they have been polishing their knuckles for this one ever since Boston College announced last Oct. 12 it was leaving the Big East to become the Atlantic Coast Conference's 12th member, joining fellow Big East defectors Miami and Virginia Tech.
Inflation inches up in August  Consumer prices rose slightly in August, easing fears that inflation, which surged earlier this year, would rapidly pick up steam.
Langer's pairings apparent Unlike US captain Hal Sutton, who kept his pairings for the opening matches of the 35th Ryder Cup guarded like a state secret, it was easy to read into Bernhard Langer's mind-set. All you had to do was track the way the final practice groups were organized by the European captain.
When steady is sexy American Funds sells mutual funds you could bring home to meet your parents: the funds are always described with words like  quot;steady, quot;  quot;solid, quot; and  quot;dependable. quot;
Spectators didn't get their Phil More than a few fans expressed displeasure that they spent \$40 for practice-round tickets to the 35th Ryder Cup, yet didn't see Phil Mickelson either of the last two days at Oakland Hills Country Club.
Lindquist resigns as Whitehead director The first woman to lead the Whitehead Institute for Biomedical Research in Cambridge is stepping down as director of one of the nation's leading biological research centers to return full time to her research.
B-R's opening task is not an easy one When the Old Colony League was trimmed to just four teams during the offseason, the spotlight was quickly cast on Bridgewater-Raynham's game at Marshfield Oct. 29.
Museum Towers sells for \$145.7m  Museum Towers, a six-year-old luxury high-rise apartment complex overlooking the Charles River in East Cambridge, sold this week for what is believed to be a record per-unit price in Greater Boston, and will be converted to condominiums ranging from \$350,000 to \$750,000.
This week's schedule TODAY'S GAMES Division 1 NONLEAGUE -- BC High at Bridgewater-Raynham, 4; Malden at Melrose, 6:30; Taunton at Attleboro, 7; Brockton at Barnstable, 7; Lynn Classical at Cambridge, 7; Winchester at Catholic Memorial, 7; Durfee at Falmouth, 7; Peabody at Salem, 7; Medford vs. Woburn at Burlington, 7; Malden Catholic at Revere, 7; Somerville at North Quincy, 7; Xaverian at Waltham, ...
For the record Correction: A correction in Thursday's paper gave incorrect scores for two high school football games. Brockton defeated BC High, 12-8, and Durfee beat Barnstable, 14-13.
Marshfield holds off Billerica Billerica's furious comeback attempt fell short as Jerry Freed intercepted three passes to lead Marshfield to a 27-15 win last night.
Fed calls strategy on rates success WASHINGTON -- The unusual strategy adopted by the Federal Reserve in the summer of 2003 for stoking the US economy without cutting interest rates was a clear success, researchers at the US central bank have concluded in a new study.
Cingular offers handset for blind In a first for the US cellphone industry, Cingular Wireless LLC yesterday began offering a handset specially designed for blind and vision-impaired people, with software that can convert virtually everything on the phone screen -- including text messages -- to synthesized speech.
Airline passengers face tighter security checks WASHINGTON -- Starting next week, all airline passengers must take off their jackets before passing through metal detectors and more will be subjected to pat-down searches and checks for explosives, the Transportation Security Administration said yesterday.
Delta seeks deal to keep pilots NEW YORK -- Delta Air Lines Inc. managers and pilots will meet again today, and likely negotiate through the weekend, to find a way to keep the airline staffed with pilots, as many opt for early retirement.
Stelios enters online music fray The Easyjet founder teams up with UK download service Wippit to enter the online music market.
Annan backs US bidon Sudan resolution UNITED NATIONS Annan backs US bid on Sudan resolution Secretary General Kofi Annan yesterday threw his weight behind a US-drafted resolution on Sudan's Darfur region, saying the Security Council should adopt it immediately to stop atrocities.  quot;It is urgent to act now. Civilians are still being attacked and fleeing their villages as we speak, quot; Annan told reporters of the resolution ...
Disputing Annan, allies say Iraq war legal  LONDON -- Britain, Australia, and a former US official, stung by criticism from UN Secretary General Kofi Annan, insisted yesterday that their countries' military action in Iraq was legal.
US intelligence assessment on Iraq in line with global reports WASHINGTON -- A highly classified US intelligence assessment that lays out dismal predictions for the future of Iraq -- including the possibility of civil war by 2005 -- mirrors assessments that are being made by analysts around the world, according to diplomats and members of the intelligence community.
Indonesian editor found guilty in libel case JAKARTA, Indonesia -- A court sentenced Tempo magazine editor Bambang Harymurti yesterday to one year in prison for defamation and inciting unrest in a case watched by press freedom advocates.
Sony warning on Christmas sales Sony warns that it does not expect profits at its home electronics business to recover  in the normally busy Christmas season.
Burnout offers thrills aplenty The third outing for the Burnout franchise offers jaw-dropping action that is difficult to fault and perilously addictive.
US inflation rate in check WASHINGTON: New data yesterday showed US inflation in check, with consumer prices up a modest 0.1 per cent in August, giving the Federal Reserve room go slow on boosting interest rates.
Where In The World Is That Job? (CBS/AP) Perhaps it has happened to you or someone you know: a job lost to a faceless competitor continents away, as part of the trend that has seen millions of jobs shift from the US to overseas in the past few years.
Open Source Software Goes to Work Businesses don #39;t have to dump Windows to test drive free or low-price applications whose use may improve the bottom line. Sometimes the big software vendors act like their customers are locked into the proprietary products they sell.
Florida IT Managers Balance Tech Needs, Workforce Issues in Storms SEPTEMBER 13, 2004 (COMPUTERWORLD) - Miami-Dade County #39;s IT operations center serves the largest metropolitan area in the state of Florida and is staffed around the clock.
Millennium International Tennis Championships Greg Rusedski, has booked himself a place in the quarter finals at Delray Beach in Florida after his straight sets 6-3, 6-4 win over Matias Boeker.
Upcoming auto races Last race: Jeremy Mayfield won his first race in more than four years and advanced to the championship chase by taking the Chevrolet 400 at Richmond International Raceway.
Open Source Software Goes to Work Businesses don't have to dump Windows to test drive free or low-price applications whose use may improve the bottom line.
Singapore #39;s Leading Media Firms to Merge Singapore #39;s largest media publisher and the city-state #39;s biggest free-to-air broadcaster will take stakes in each others #39; operations, the two companies said Friday, four years after the industry was deregulated to boost competition.
Oscar #39;s dad in his corner Bernard Hopkins is experiencing flashbacks before his undisputed middleweight title showdown with Oscar De La Hoya at the MGM Grand tomorrow night.
Schilling wins No. 20 BOSTON - Curt Schilling got his 20th win on the eve of the Red Sox #39;s big series with the Yankees. Now he wants much more.  quot;In a couple of weeks, hopefully, it will get a lot better, quot; he said after becoming 
Koizumi, Silva Discuss Stronger Ties Japanese Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi headed to Mexico to seal a free trade agreement after pledging to push for stronger relations between Japan and Brazil, South America #39;s largest country.
5 EU states agree to set up gendarmerie force Defense ministers from five European states signed here Friday morning a Declaration of intent on set up a European gendarmerie force.
easyMusic picks Wippit for pre-Xmas launch easyJet founder turns to 'easyJet for iPod generation' service
Ferdinand to repay Ferguson debt of honour (AFP) AFP - Rio Ferdinand plans to repay a debt of honour to Manchester United manager Sir Alex Ferguson for standing by him when he returns from his eight month ban for missing a drugs test against Liverpool on Monday.
Indian inflation falls to 7.81 pct (Reuters) Reuters - India's annual wholesale price inflation rate fell to 7.81 percent in the year to Sept. 4 due to lower prices of oilseeds and poultry and a higher base effect, data showed on Friday.
US Treasuries Up, Cement Overnight Gains  LONDON (Reuters) - U.S. Treasuries were higher on Friday,  after cementing in Asia their New York data-driven gains  Thursday and awaiting the University of Michigan consumer  sentiment index later in the session.
U.S. Says Kills 60 Foreign Fighters in Iraq Strike  FALLUJA, Iraq (Reuters) - U.S. warplanes launched fresh air  strikes overnight around the rebel-held city of Falluja,  killing about 60 foreign fighters loyal to Jordanian militant  Abu Musab al-Zarqawi, the U.S. military said on Friday.
Afghans Hold Taliban Suspects for Karzai Attack  KABUL (Reuters) - Three suspected Taliban members have been  arrested for trying to kill Afghan President Hamid Karzai by  firing a rocket at his helicopter during his first election  campaign trip outside Kabul, officials said on Friday.
This weekend on TV, radio TODAY AUTO RACING 3 p.m. -- NASCAR Nextel Cup Sylvania 300 qualifying at N.H. International Speedway, Loudon, N.H., TNT PRO BASEBALL 7 p.m. -- Red Sox at New York Yankees, Ch. 38, WEEI (850) (on cable systems where Ch. 38 is not available, the game will air on NESN); Chicago Cubs at Cincinnati, ESPN 6 p.m. -- Eastern League finals: ...
Bid to avert new S Africa strikes South African unions and government officials meet to try and thrash out a pay deal, as more strikes loom next week.
No shortcuts for staying safe As boating goes, it may be summer's version of snowshoeing -- inexpensive and easy to learn. For those reasons, not to mention the beauty and exercise factors, the number of sea kayakers grows by great leaps every season as these little boats -- some costing under \$500 -- proliferate on every New England shore.
It's time to cut to Chase at NHIS Sunday's Sylvania 300 at New Hampshire International Speedway (TNT, green flag shortly after 1 p.m.) is going to take some serious 'splainin, especially for those who fall into the category of casual NASCAR viewers.
Johnny Cash auction closes at \$4m Johnny Cash's instruments and possessions raise almost \$4m (2.2) after a three-day auction in New York.
Philippine shares down Friday Philippine shares finished lower Friday for the fourth straight session, led by losses in blue chip Philippine Long Distance Telephone Co.
Simulating life, love and the Universe As a boy, Will Wright liked to fiddle with models. The man behind The Sims phenomenon liked to make ships, planes, and most things mechanical.
Japan Orders Citigroup to Close 4 Offices  TOKYO (Reuters) - Japan's financial regulator on Friday  ordered the Japanese commercial banking unit of Citigroup Inc.  to close four offices for violating banking laws.
IBM Settles Part of Giant Pension Lawsuit  NEW YORK (Reuters) - International Business Machines Corp.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=IBM.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;IBM.N&lt;/A&gt; has settled for an undisclosed sum part of a  potentially multi-billion-dollar lawsuit over its pension plan,  a Wednesday court filing shows.
Australian Stocks Rise; Metcash Has Biggest Gain Since 2001 Australian stocks rose as Metcash Trading Ltd. had its biggest gain in almost four years after Citigroup Inc. raised the stock #39;s rating, citing an offer to buy Foodland Associated Ltd.
US blue chips fall as oil prices rise, but Apple lifts Nasdaq NEW YORK : US blue chips ended lower on Monday on higher oil prices and an analyst downgrade of pharmaceutical giant Pfizer; but techs managed a small gain, helped by an upgrade for Apple Computer.
Leader Says Rebels Were Responsible for Siege in Russia Radical Chechen rebel leader Shamil Basayev purportedly took responsibility Friday for a recent series of terrorist attacks in Russia.
Talks with Boeing on Airbus subsidies deadlocked TALKS between the United States and the European Union over subsidies for rival aircraft manufacturers Airbus and Boeing ended last night without agreement.
Reason to beware The death and destruction inflicted by Hurricane Ivan confirms that Southwest Floridians #39; fears of the powerful hurricane were well justified.
Boeker #39;s a wreck - even before he #39;s ousted Delray Beach  Matias Boeker learned a couple of valuable lessons at his first ATP event this week. First, he #39;s done driving himself to tournaments after being involved in a multiple 
Chase for the Cup underway These are some of the questions waiting to be answered heading into this weekend #39;s first race of NASCAR #39;s inaugural Chase for the Championship.
Rio says he owes Sir Alex RIO FERDINAND plans to repay Manchester United manager Sir Alex Ferguson for standing by him when he returns against Liverpool on Monday after an eight-month ban for missing a drugs test.
Chechen Warlord Threatens More Attacks After Beslan Chechen warlord Shamil Basayev claimed responsibility on Friday for the Russian school siege in which more than 320 hostages were killed, half of them children, and 
Bid to avert new S Africa strikes Unions and government officials are meeting in South Africa on Friday in an attempt to thrash out a pay deal to avert a new wave of strikes next week.
US Says Kills 60 Foreign Fighters in Iraq Strike US forces launched fresh attacks in and near the restive Iraqi city of Falluja overnight, killing about 60 foreign fighters, the US military said on Friday.
Bonds Heads Home Still Looking for No. 700 (AP) AP - Barry Bonds left Milwaukee without No. 700. Aramis Ramirez left the Cincinnati Reds in awe.
Car Bomb Blast in Central Baghdad - Police (Reuters) Reuters - A car bomb exploded near a police\station in central Baghdad on Friday, and a thick column of\smoke was seen rising from the east side of the Tigris river,\Iraqi police and witnesses said.
IBM Settles Part of Giant Pension Lawsuit (Reuters) Reuters - International Business Machines Corp.\ has settled for an undisclosed sum part of a\potentially multi-billion-dollar lawsuit over its pension plan,\a Wednesday court filing shows.
Miners Help European Stocks Turn Around  PARIS (Reuters) - Basic producers helped European shares  turn positive on Friday, but telecoms firm Cable   Wireless  bucked the firmer trend after unveiling a hefty investment and  volatile oil prices kept investors cautious.
Ford to decide UK Jaguar plant #39;s fate LONDON (CBS.MW) - Ford Motor Co. on Friday is expected to announce its plans for its main Jaguar factory in the UK, which could include closing the factory.
UK ITunes Prices Questioned LONDON -- Apple Computer #39;s three-month-old European iTunes service came under attack Wednesday from Britain #39;s Consumers #39; Association, which asked the Office of Fair Trading, a business watchdog, to investigate why the service #39;s prices are higher than 
AOL dumps Microsoft #39;s Sender ID America Online (AOL) has ditched Microsoft #39;s Sender ID technology in favour of Sender Policy Framework (SPF). The move follows concerns over Sender ID voiced by the Internet Engineering Task Force (IETF) earlier this week.
Cops seize weapons from home of teenager Police thought it was a case of boneheaded teen bragging when the tip came in. But then they found homemade bombs, school blueprints, an assault rifle and shotguns stashed in his basement and attic.
Symantec backpedals over mislabelled Trojan Symantec has revoked its decision to blacklist a program that allows Web surfers in China to browse government-blocked Web sites. The move follows reports that the firm labelled the Freegate program, which 
Greg sails into last eight Greg Rusedski brushed aside American Matias Boeker in straight sets to reach the quarter-finals of the ATP Millennium International tournament in Florida.
Hopkins has done things his way For the fight of his life, undisputed middleweight champion Bernard Hopkins chose some music that says something about his life. When he enters the ring Saturday to face Oscar De La Hoya, it won #39;t be to pulsating rap.
AUTO RACING: Fighting-mad Mayfield fired up for the Chase Talk about a roller-coaster ride for the 35-year-old racer from Owensboro, Ky., who made the drive of his life last Saturday night at Richmond International Raceway.
Bonds on hold, Giants on roll MILWAUKEE -- Despite all the spotlight and all the hype -- how often does ESPN put a weekday afternoon baseball game on TV? -- Barry Bonds didn #39;t hit his 700th home run Thursday.
Rossi misses provisional pole AMERICAN rider John Hopkins upset pre-race favourites, including world champion Valentino Rossi, to take provisional pole today for the weekend Japan Grand Prix with a record lap time on the first practice day.
First arrest over Jakarta bombing Indonesian police have made their first arrest in connection with last week #39;s bombing at the Australian embassy in Jakarta. Police chief Da #39;i Bachtiar said a man had been arrested for carrying explosives for 
Car bomb explodes in Baghdad A car bomb has exploded near a police station in central Baghdad and a thick column of smoke was seen rising from the east side of the Tigris river, Iraqi police and witnesses say.
U.S. Deserter Leaves Army Base for New Life in Japan  TOKYO (Reuters) - A former U.S. army sergeant who deserted  to North Korea nearly four decades ago left a U.S. military  base near Tokyo on Tuesday for a new life with his family in  his Japanese wife's home town.
Iraq findings: Plans, but no stockpiles  WASHINGTON -- The draft of a report from the top US inspector in Iraq concludes that Saddam Hussein had no weapons stockpiles, but there were signs of dormant programs he hoped to revive at a later time, according to people familiar with the findings.
UN, Iran said in talks on military sites VIENNA -- UN nuclear inspectors are negotiating with Iran for access to as many as four military sites that have programs or equipment that could be diverted to development of nuclear weapons, diplomats at the International Atomic Energy Agency said yesterday.
Dominican Republic battered SANTO DOMINGO, Dominican Republic -- Tropical Storm Jeanne brought heavy rain and winds to the Dominican Republic yesterday after killing two people in Puerto Rico, as the latest in a stream of Atlantic storms crossed the Caribbean toward the United States.
Party Leader Hopeful on Ulster Talks A deal to dismantle the IRA and revive Northern Irelands power-sharing administration is taking shape, SDLP leader Mark Durkan claimed today.
Indonesian polls point to change Election-eve opinion polls in Indonesia suggest the country is headed for a change of president. Ahead of Monday #39;s vote, incumbent Megawati Sukarnoputri is well behind her former security minister Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono, polls suggest.
Miners Help European Stocks Turn Around (Reuters) Reuters - Basic producers helped European shares\turn positive on Friday, but telecoms firm Cable   Wireless\bucked the firmer trend after unveiling a hefty investment and\volatile oil prices kept investors cautious.
Oil Rises as Storms Threaten Supply  LONDON (Reuters) - World oil prices rose on Friday on  worries that the ongoing storm season in the U.S. Gulf would  continue to hamper energy production and imports, delaying  vital pre-winter stock building.
U.S. Treasuries on Firm Footing  LONDON (Reuters) - U.S. Treasury prices were higher on  Friday, cementing gains made the previous day, in the face of  growing speculation that the pace of U.S. interest rate hikes  could slow.
People on Mars Possible in 20 to 30 Years (Reuters) Reuters - People could land on Mars in the\next 20 to 30 years provided scientists can find water on the\red planet, the head of NASA's surface exploration mission said\on Wednesday.
CHRONOLOGY-Events Since North Korean Blast First Reported  SEOUL (Reuters) - A cloud of confusion surrounded a widely  reported explosion in North Korea last week with South Korea  saying on Friday its latest assessment was that no blast at all  occurred at the suspected site.
Jacques Villeneuve: The team and I share a common goal As his position with Renault for the final three races of 2004 was announced today, Jacques Villeneuve spoke positively about the future.
TOM WALSH: Message-free at the tee Peck, golf marketing manager for General Motors Corp. #39;s Buick division, helped remove Woods #39; clubs from his regular golf bag, which features Buick logos and crests on the strap, front, sides and even on the golf umbrella tucked into the bag.
Unions and Car Chiefs in Talks on Jaguar Plant Union leaders today arrived at luxury car-maker Jaguar for crucial talks over the future of the Coventry Browns Lane plant. The factory, which opened in 1951 and currently employs 
New format becomes a game of survival The Chase for the Nextel Cup will begin in earnest Sunday with the Sylvania 300 at New Hampshire International Speedway. It will be the first event of NASCAR #39;s inaugural 10 
MLB: Anaheim 6, Seattle 1 Anaheim got help from Seattle errors and scored four runs in the eighth inning Thursday in a 6-1 win over the Mariners. The Angels stayed two games behind first-place Oakland in the American League West.
U.S. Treasuries on Firm Footing (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. Treasury prices were higher on\Friday, cementing gains made the previous day, in the face of\growing speculation that the pace of U.S. interest rate hikes\could slow.
Wall Street Seen Flat; TI Buyback to Buoy (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. stocks were set for a steady start\on Friday with a billion dollar share buyback plan at Texas\Instruments  lending some backbone to the technology\sector.
EIA Says Heating Oil Bills to Rise (Reuters) Reuters - The United States has plenty of fuel in\storage for winter heating thanks to near full-throttle\refinery production, but household energy bills are still\likely to be up sharply, the head of the U.S. Energy\Information Administration (EIA) said on Friday.
HSBC, Shanxi Trust to form joint venture in China (AFP) AFP - British-based banking giant HSBC Holdings is to team up with Shanxi Trust and Investment Corp to form a joint venture fund management company in China, HSBC announced.
Alcatel Bolsters U.S. Presence (Reuters) Reuters - Alcatel  has expanded its\foothold in the key North American market with the acquisition\of a mobile software provider and a conference technology\business for  #36;277 million.
Australia investigating if Iraq body could be rumored hostage (AFP) AFP - Australia was investigating whether a foreigner found dead in central Iraq could be one of two Australians allegedly kidnapped in the country earlier this week.
Wall Street Seen Flat; TI Buyback to Buoy  LONDON (Reuters) - U.S. stocks were set for a steady start  on Friday with a billion dollar share buyback plan at Texas  Instruments &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=TXN.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;TXN.N&lt;/A&gt; lending some backbone to the technology  sector.
EIA Says Heating Oil Bills to Rise  VIENNA (Reuters) - The United States has plenty of fuel in  storage for winter heating thanks to near full-throttle  refinery production, but household energy bills are still  likely to be up sharply, the head of the U.S. Energy  Information Administration (EIA) said on Friday.
Alcatel Bolsters U.S. Presence  PARIS (Reuters) - Alcatel &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=CGEP.PA target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;CGEP.PA&lt;/A&gt; has expanded its  foothold in the key North American market with the acquisition  of a mobile software provider and a conference technology  business for \$277 million.
UNLV Names Sanford Head Football Coach  LAS VEGAS (Sports Network) - Mike Sanford has been hired as  the ninth head football coach at UNLV. The former Utah  offensive coach takes over for the retired John Robinson.
Baghdad Car Bomb Death Toll Rises to 13 - Ministry  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - At least 13 Iraqis were killed in a  suicide car bomb attack on a major police checkpoint in central  Baghdad on Friday, an Interior Ministry spokesman said.
Indonesia Police Make First Embassy Bombing Arrest  JAKARTA (Reuters) - Indonesian police have made their first  arrest over a car bombing outside the Australian embassy last  week, detaining a man they said on Friday had helped their top  suspect prepare the attack.
Jaguar's Coventry plant to close Jaguar's historic Brown's Lane factory in Coventry is to close, Ford has confirmed, with 400 jobs expected to be lost.
Woods, Mickelson to Start in Ryder Cup BLOOMFIELD TOWNSHIP, Mich. - Always rivals, barely friends, finally partners...
Mobiles track down wi-fi hotspots Fans of wireless internet access can now find their nearest wi-fi hotspot using their mobile phone.
Jaguar workers resigned to closure Business leaders in the West Midlands are bracing themselves for the potentially disastrous impact of any decision to close the local Jaguar factory.
Wall Street Seen Flat; TI Buyback to Buoy US stocks were set for a steady start on Friday with a billion dollar share buyback plan at Texas Instruments (TXN.N: Quote, Profile, Research) lending some backbone to the technology sector.
NeoPharm regains control of cancer drugs from Pfizer NeoPharm Inc., a biotechnology company developing cancer treatments, said it regained ownership of two cancer compounds after Pfizer Inc.
Choose Your Camera Shopping for a digital camera is stressful. Most stores carry a fraction of the 200-plus cameras on the market, and except at specialty stores, salespeople aren #39;t much help.
Cricket-Cricket Australia keeps fingers crossed over India TV &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; MELBOURNE, Australia (AFP) - Cricket Australia said it is powerless to intervene in the wrangle over television rights for the much-awaited tour of India later this month.
Israeli Arab team enter big league An Israeli football team which includes both Arab and Jewish players is to kick off its first big international match on Thursday evening in the UEFA cup.
Cubs Keep Pace: Ramirez fuels 5-4 victory CINCINNATI, Ohio - While there were 32 active players on the Chicago Cubs roster Thursday night at Great American Ball Park, it was the Aramis Ramirez show with which folks were treated to in the Queen City.
5 EU states sign declaration on gendarmerie force Five European Union (EU) member states signed a declaration of intent here Friday for a European gendarmerie force, marking a new milestone in the bloc #39;s road to independent defense building.
Consumer Prices Inch Up; Inflation Fears Continue to Fade September 17, 2004 -- Consumer prices rose only 0.1 percent in August, led by a decline in gas and car prices, according to a report released by the Labor Department on Thursday.
Chip tool orders fall in August SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW) -- Orders for chip-equipment placed with North American manufacturers declined in August and could decline further in coming months, an industry trade group said late Thursday.
Attack of the Radio Clones Microsoft's new internet streaming service attempts to replicate terrestrial stations, without all the annoying chatter -- and without permission. By Randy Dotinga.
Farewell to Gravity What once was the exclusive state of astronauts -- weightlessness -- is now available to anyone with a few grand to spare. Xeni Jardin goes for a ride on a commercial zero-gravity flight.
Bush, Lawmakers Discuss Social Security (AP) AP - President Bush sought support from congressional leaders of both parties Monday for his proposal to overhaul Social Security, which promises to be a hotly contested political issue during his second term.
Sky Captain Barely Stays Aloft The first film to be shot entirely against a blue screen boasts a striking visual style and deft references to adventure classics. But ultimately it's a bland tale. Jason Silverman reviews Sky Captain and the World of Tomorrow.
Twist a Pen, Open a Lock Kryptonite's near-indestructible bike locks can be opened in seconds with a cheap plastic pen. This is pretty bad for Kryptonite: The same lock is widely used in vending machines, security panels and vehicle security products. By Leander Kahney.
Freak Rock to Buzz Earth An asteroid with a wild orbit is about to zoom by our planet. Plus: Solving the mystery of the Pioneer anomaly could take decades.... A biologist finds a chunk of space shuttle Columbia. By Amit Asaravala.
U.K. ITunes Prices Questioned A watchdog group asks a consumer-protection agency to look into the higher price of songs on Apple's British version of its iTunes service. Wendy M. Grossman reports from London.
Spam-Busting Plan Can't Buy a Pal Microsoft's antispam Sender ID technology continues to get the cold shoulder. Now AOL adds its voice to a growing chorus of businesses and organizations shunning the proprietary e-mail authentication system.
Ford to end Jaguar production at plant in Coventry (AFP) AFP - Jaguar car production is to end at a plant in Coventry, Warwickshire, with the loss of more than 1,000 jobs because of weak demand for the luxury brand, US parent company Ford announced.
XP price cut may be just the beginning (SiliconValley.com) SiliconValley.com - A tiny yet important crack has opened, with little notice, in the great Windows monopoly that surrounds personal computing.
Villeneuve to Race for Renault to End of Season  LONDON (Reuters) - Canadian Jacques Villeneuve will race  the last three grands prix of the season for Renault, the  Formula One team said on Friday.
Chechen Warlord Threatens More Attacks After Beslan  MOSCOW (Reuters) - Chechen warlord Shamil Basayev claimed  responsibility on Friday for the Russian school siege in which  more than 320 hostages were killed, half of them children, and  threatened more attacks by any means he saw fit.
Pakistan Army Pounds Militants' Mountain Hideouts  WANA, Pakistan (Reuters) - The Pakistani army fired mortar  bombs and artillery shells at suspected mountain hideouts of al  Qaeda-linked militants in a remote tribal region on Friday, but  there were no details of casualties, witnesses said.
Pipeline blast kills 12 in Lagos At least 12 people die in an explosion at a fuel pipeline on the outskirts of Nigeria's biggest city, Lagos.
India withdraws anti-terror law The Indian cabinet agrees to repeal a controversial anti-terrorism law which it says has been misused.
'Water factory' aims to filter tensions The solution to one of the thorniest problems in the Middle East may be taking shape on an anonymous-looking building site in south-west Israel.
EDS hit by US Airways #39; Chapter 11 EDS (Electronic Data Systems) warned yesterday that its third quarter earnings would take a significant hit from US Airways #39; Chapter 11 filing on Sunday.
Canada #39;s Top Central Banker Says Economy Looking Best in Years Canadian central bank chief David Dodge told Finance Minister Ralph Goodale in July the country #39;s chances of steady economic and job growth are the best in years, a rosier assessment than his public statements on the matter.
Kodak, IBM See Eye to Eye on New Image Sensors Eastman Kodak Company and IBM will work together to develop and manufacture image sensors used in such consumer products as digital still cameras and camera phones.
Insurers spared direct hit by Ivan Insurers breathed a sigh of relief yesterday as Hurricane Ivan skirted New Orleans as well as the heart of the Gulf of Mexico #39;s oil region, saving the companies billions of dollars in claims.
AFL-CIO pounds job loss Washington -- The AFL-CIO cranked up its campaign to stop the export of US jobs on Thursday by starting a database designed to track companies that outsource jobs overseas.
Dyer out for several weeks Newcastle midfielder Kieron Dyer will be out for several weeks following a hamstring injury sustained in Thursday #39;s UEFA Cup match.
Home runs, errors and Cubs, oh my The Cubs third baseman homered, doubled and homered in his first three at-bats against Reds starting pitcher Josh Hancock at Great American Ball Park.
49ERS NOTEBOOK McAllister: the star running back that got away It could have been the Candlestick crowds crooning  quot;Deuuuce quot; instead of those in New Orleans. The 49ers were enamored with Saints running back Deuce McAllister before the 2001 draft, when McAllister went to the Saints with the 23rd overall pick.
Suspects Arrested in Rocket Attack On Afghan President #39;s &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Afghan officials say they have arrested three suspects in connection with a rocket attack on a helicopter carrying President Hamid Karzai.
Suicide car bomb kills five in Baghdad A government source told Reuters he expected  quot;huge quot; casualties from Friday #39;s explosion, adding police officers were among the dead.
U.S. Stocks Set for Slightly Firmer Open  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks were set to move slightly  higher at the open on Friday with a \$1 billion share buyback at  Texas Instruments Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=TXN.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;TXN.N&lt;/A&gt; supporting technology stocks,  although rising oil prices could limit gains.
European Stocks Hit 10-Week Peak  LONDON (Reuters) - European shares hit a fresh 10-week high  on Friday as a positive report on Chinese steel demand boosted  ore producers such as Anglo-American, while French utility  Veolia rose after posting solid first-half earnings.
Jaguar to Pull Out of Formula One  LONDON (Reuters) - Ford said on Friday its Jaguar Formula  One team would pull out of the sport at the end of the 2004  season.
More men charging harassment NEW YORK (CNN/Money) - Sexual harassment complaints by men are becoming more common, according to a published report. Follow the news that matters to you.
US Stocks Set for Slightly Firmer Open US stocks were set to move slightly higher at the open on Friday with a \$1 billion share buyback at Texas Instruments Inc. (TXN.N: Quote, Profile, Research) supporting 
Marketing agreement between Delta, Alaska airlines SEATTLE - The Alaska Air Group has a marketing agreement with Delta Air Lines that will give passengers a wider choice of destinations.
3Com narrows Q1 loss 3Com (COMS: news, chart, profile) reported a loss of \$35.5 million, or 9 cents a share, compared with a loss of \$106 million, or 29 cents a share, in the same period a year ago.
British Music Fans Decry ITunes Pricing Instead of  quot;Think Different, quot; perhaps Apple Computer #39;s slogan should be  quot;Price Different, quot; says a group of disgruntled UK music fans.
Symantec acquires At Stake Symantec Corp., the world #39;s largest maker of antivirus software, agreed to acquire closely held consultant At Stake Inc., which identifies programming faults in software, for an undisclosed sum.
FTC recommends \$100,000 bounty for spammers #39; heads THE US Federal Trade Commission said that it had released a report which assessed whether offering bounties to turn in spammers would help stem the flood.
EasyJet Founder to Start Music Download Service EasyJet founder Stelios Haji-Ioannou said on Friday he would launch a music download service in the coming weeks, a year after he lost a music copyright infringement lawsuit to the British music industry.
SMS and surfing go sky high! Boarding a flight would no longer mean doing away with your communication on your cell phone, with Airbus having developed technology that enables passengers to use their mobiles without interrupting navigational systems.
IBM expands radio frequency ID range IBM has extended its range of radio frequency identification (RFID) offerings with a suite of services targeting industrial companies and mid-market businesses.
On deck: Padres (79-68) at Giants (82-65) Tonight #39;s game: In their only outing against Lowry this season, coming after the rookie relieved Schmidt, the Padres amassed nine hits and four runs in three innings.
ENGLAND CONTRIBUTE TO STRUGGLING START England #39;s kamikaze approach undermined the start of their ICC Champions Trophy showdown with Sri Lanka at the Rose Bowl. Both captain Michael Vaughan and Andrew Strauss brought about their own downfalls with 
Chechens #39; Basayev Takes Responsibility for Russian School Siege Chechen rebel Shamil Basayev claimed responsibility for this month #39;s hostage-taking at a Russian school, in which at least 339 died, and for four other terrorist attacks in recent weeks, according to a rebel Web site.
Suicide Car Bomber Kills at Least 13 in Baghdad A suicide car bomber killed at least 13 people in an attack on a police checkpoint in Baghdad on Friday, after a night of US air strikes around rebel-held Falluja that killed scores.
Williams Ends Bid to Sell Power Business Williams Cos. Inc. has scrapped efforts to sell its power business as the depressed wholesale market has damaged prospects for selling the unit, the natural gas company said on Thursday.
Champions Trophy: Lankans gain ground Sri Lanka gained ground in the opening stages of the Champions Trophy game against England at the Rose Bowl. England made a steady start before losing Vikram Solanki and captain Michael Vaughan as they reached 54-2 off 15.
Jackson maid 'acted suspiciously' Michael Jackson's maid acted suspiciously during a raid at his ranch, a sheriff's deputy tells a court.
Jaguar to cut 1,100 jobs at plant in central England Luxury carmaker Jaguar said Friday it was stopping production at a factory in central England, resulting in a loss of 1,100 jobs, following poor sales in the key US market.
Ottawa dumping petro-can The federal government #39;s sale of its remaining 19 stake in Petro-Canada is imminent, ending Ottawa #39;s 29-year presence in the oilpatch, say sources in the investment community and the oil producer.
Williams offers to swap securities to cut debt Williams Cos. Inc. (WMB.N: Quote, Profile, Research) is offering to exchange up to 43.9 million of its Feline PACS securities in a bid to reduce its overall debt, the natural gas company said on Friday.
MICROSOFT IE LOSING THE EDGE The Mozilla Foundation, which develops both the Mozilla and Firefox browsers and their underlying Gecko browsing engine, has noted that downloads of the Firefox browser have doubled from 3 million for version 0.8 to 6 million for version 0.9.
IBM to ship desktops with security chip IBM has offered a security chip on some of its ThinkPad laptops, and the company will now be offering a similar technology on select desktop models.
Iomega preps WiFi storage solution Iomega is soon expected to ship its first network-attached storage (NAS) device based on wireless networking technology. Called the NAS 100d, the product will be marketed as an entry-level 
These robots are positively bestial NAHANT, Mass. - Joseph Ayers was crouched over a laptop computer in a cool cinder-block shed barely big enough to house a riding lawn mower, watching a black lobster through a rectangular acrylic window.
HOPKINS SETS THE PACE John Hopkins caused a surprise by claiming provisional pole position this morning for the Japanese Grand Prix at Motegi. The Suzuki rider, who has endured a mediocre season so far, stole the limelight from 
London 'call girl' gives up blog The writer of an online journal describing her life as a London call girl has signed off.
Ford Boosts Profit Outlook (Reuters) Reuters - Ford Motor Co.  on Friday raised\its third-quarter and 2004 profit forecasts because of strength\in its financial services business and cost improvements in its\car operations.
Sony to Launch Smaller PS2 Console Oct. 26-Report  TOKYO (Reuters) - Japan's Sony Corp is expected to unveil a  smaller version of its popular PlayStation 2 game console on  October 26, The Hollywood Reporter said on its Web site, citing  retailers and industry analysts.
Sony to Launch Smaller PS2 Console Oct. 26-Report (Reuters) Reuters - Japan's Sony Corp is expected to unveil a\smaller version of its popular PlayStation 2 game console on\October 26, The Hollywood Reporter said on its Web site, citing\retailers and industry analysts.
French director shows film for free to defy critics (Reuters) Reuters - French director Claude Lelouch has decided to show his new film "Les Parisiens" free across France to try to prove\wrong the critics who have panned it.
Judge Orders Microsoft to Pay \$112 Million A judge is ordering Microsoft Corp. to pay \$112.5 million to attorneys who successfully sued the software maker for monopolizing a segment of California's market.
Nortel Warns on 2004 Revenue Growth Nortel Networks Corp. warned Thursday that its full-year growth is expected to trail the industry, rather than lead it as the company had predicted as recently as a month ago.
Texas Instruments Plans Buyback &lt;p&gt;\&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Texas Instruments Inc., the\largest maker of chips for cellular phones, on Thursday said it\plans to buy back \$1 billion in stock and boost its quarterly\dividend by more than 17 percent, becoming the latest\technology company to return extra cash to investors.&lt;/p&gt;
Labor Web Site Tracks Jobs Sent Overseas Organized labor is starting to track companies that ship U.S. jobs overseas and will make the information available to the public in a database.
Genesis Team Hopeful About Samples Jet Propulsion Lab -- Genesis team scientists and engineers continue their work on the mission's sample return canister in a specially constructed clean room at the U.S. Army Proving Ground in Dugway, Utah...
China Building Next-Generation Space Rocket BEIJING (AFP) -- China's space program is expecting government approval this year to build a new and more powerful rocket that will serve as the nation's vehicle to explore the moon, state media said reported.       According to Luan Enjie, director-in-chief of China's lunar exploration program, the new-generation carrier rocket will be developed over the next eight years, Xinhua news agency said...
Hurricanes May Have Upset NASA's Return-to-Flight Schedule Hurricanes Charley, Frances and Ivan have cost NASA a least a week's worth of work and upset its tight schedule for resuming shuttle flights, throwing into doubt the space agency's plans to launch Discovery in early spring.
What ails Oracle? The fiesty software giant calls its recent slowdown in application sales a one-time fluke. Some say it's symptomatic of bigger problems
Catching the nano wave CNET News.com's Charles Cooper says getting funding for the nanotechnology Manhattan Project is the right idea. But is anybody listening?
Cisco, Microsoft in security showdown "End-to-end" systems seen as next evolution in network defense, but incompatible products could hurt customers.
FBI Seizes Counterfeit Software Eleven charged in 'Digital Marauder' case that could hit \$87 million.
PFY proves self abuse cures male-pattern baldness &lt;strong&gt;Episode 31&lt;/strong&gt; Breaking news from the proxy server
Ford lifts profit forecasts Ford has raised its third-quarter and 2004 profit forecasts because of strength in its financial services business and cost improvements in its car operations.
EasyMusic enters UK music download frame EasyJet owners the EasyGroup has entered the digital music business in tandem with UK operator, Wippit. The partners aim to launch the easyMusic.
Pulsating red giants hide inside deceptive shells An optical illusion has caused astronomers to overestimate the size of a class of giant stars by a factor of two, according to new observations.
They #39;re robots? Those beasts! NAHANT, Mass.--Joseph Ayers was crouched over a laptop in a cool cinder block shed barely big enough to house a ride-on lawn mower, watching a boxy-shelled black lobster through a rectangular acrylic window.
Jaguar leave the paddock Jaguar have announced that they will pull out of Formula One at the end of the year. Joe Greenwell, company chairman and chief executive, said that revealed financial reasons were behind the company #39;s decision to end interest in the sport.
Sri Lanka peace process remains at standstill A Norwegian peace envoy is wrapping up a visit to Sri Lanka, with no sign of any breakthrough in re-starting the country #39;s stalled peace process.
Suspected Muslim insurgents kill judge in Pattani? Gunmen riding a motorcycle fatally shot a judge Friday when his car stopped at a traffic light, the most senior government figure to be killed in a Muslim separatist movement in southern Thailand, officials said.
Britain Could Send More Troops to Iraq-Minister (Reuters) Reuters - Britain is prepared to\send more troops to Iraq if necessary to safeguard elections\planned for next year, Defense Secretary Geoff Hoon said on\Friday.
British Music Fans Decry ITunes Pricing (PC World) PC World - Consumer group complains of higher prices in U.K. than elsewhere in Europe.
Nazi Suspect Speaks on Role in Capture (AP) AP - An 86-year-old Nazi war crimes suspect testified Wednesday that he played only a subordinate role in the 1944 capture in Slovakia of U.S. agents and an American war correspondent who were later executed.
Alcatel Ups U.S. Business with Acquisitions  PARIS (Reuters) - Alcatel has expanded its foothold in the  key North American market with the acquisition of a mobile  software provider and a conference technology business for \$277  million.
Maldives regrets EU block on aid The Maldives expresses regret over a  European parliament resolution to block a \$2m aid package.
Live: Ryder Cup The 35th Ryder Cup starts at 1310 BST on Friday, when the opening fourball match between the USA and Europe is set to tee off at Oakland Hills, Detroit.
Judge killed in latest southern Thai violence A Buddhist judge was killed by a gunman on motorcycle in Thailand #39;s largely Muslim south on Friday as security officials and militants put bounties on their enemies, police officials said.
Sunny Fed leaves no doubt about another rate increase Another Fed meeting looms with another quarter-point interest rate hike virtually assured. It may seem strange that the Fed continues to raise interest rates on the heels of a summer-long economic soft patch.
Jaguar puts brakes on at historic plant Production is to cease at a Midlands factory where some of the world #39;s most iconic cars were made. Mark Tran looks at its history.
Manager at Edwards AFB harassed male employees, suit says EDWARDS AIR FORCE BASE, Calif. - A manager for a company that provides security for the space shuttle sexually harassed male employees over a period of two years, the US Equal Employment Opportunity Commission said in a lawsuit filed Thursday.
Nortel Warns of Weaker Sales Retreating from an upbeat forecast it made just last month, Nortel Networks Corp. on Thursday warned that third-quarter sales will fall below its second quarter and 2004 revenue growth at 
Price tag mounts for storm damage Even before Ivan #39;s impact on the Panhandle, estimates in Florida top \$30-billion as the result of Charley and Frances. By JEFF HARRINGTON, Times Staff Writer.
Japan shuts Citigroup private bank operations Japan has ordered the commercial banking unit of Citigroup to close its Japanese private banking offices, shutting it out of the lucrative business and 
11 charged over  #39;biggest-ever #39; MS piracy bust Eleven people from across the US were indicted on Wednesday over alleged software piracy offences following the largest seizure of counterfeit Microsoft software to date.
Union sets up database to track job outsourcing The AFL-CIO cranked up its campaign to stop the export of US jobs yesterday by launching a new database designed to track companies that outsource jobs overseas.
US takes aim at e-mail spammers FTC says tracking them down won #39;t be cheap; rewards of up to \$250,000 needed, commission says. WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Members of Congress have backed a program encouraging  quot;bounty hunters quot; to track down e-mail spammers.
HUGHES: I SAID NO TO UNITED MARK HUGHES last night revealed he turned down a cushy number with Manchester United because he wanted to be his own man - and his own manager.
Cricket telecast back-up poser Sept 16: Cricket authorities will seek a clarification from the court whether they can prepare a contingency plan if the dispute between Zee Telefilms and ESPN-STAR is not resolved soon.
Huge car bomb explodes in central Baghdad, causing casualties A huge car bomb explosion in Rashid Street in central Baghdad resonated throughout the capital on Friday, causing several casualties, Qatar-based al-Jazeera satellite TV reported.
Circuit City Posts Narrower Loss (Reuters) Reuters - Circuit City Stores Inc. , on\Friday reported a smaller quarterly loss as it kept a tight\rein on expenses and demand increased for digital televisions,\notebook computers and other popular products.
Blair, Ahern press Northern Ireland rivals in talks grind (AFP) AFP - Prime Ministers Tony Blair of Britain and Bertie Ahern of Ireland dug in with Northern Ireland's rival Catholic and Protestant parties for a second day of talks aimed at restoring the province's power-sharing government.
Explosions Rock Central Baghdad (AP) AP - A series of explosions rocked central Baghdad on Friday afternoon during a day of violence in the capital. The cause or exact location of the blasts was not immediately clear. The blasts came only hours after a suicide car bomb detonated near a row of parked police cars, killing at least five people and wounding 20.
Italy to stop applying EU sanctions against Libya: Interior Minister (AFP) AFP - Italy will stop applying EU sanctions against Libya next week even if the measures are not lifted by the European Union, Interior Minister Giuseppe Pisanu revealed.
Civil Aviation Minister fights foreign stakes in Indian airlines (Reuters) Reuters - India's aviation ministry is fighting a push to allow foreign airlines to buy into domestic carriers, pressing instead for local companies to expand overseas.
FBI Seizes Counterfeit Software (PC World) PC World - Eleven charged in 'Digital Marauder' case that could hit  #36;87 million.
Ford Boosts Profit Outlook  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Ford Motor Co. on Friday raised its  third-quarter and 2004 profit forecasts because of strength in  its financial services business and cost improvements in its  car operations.
Circuit City Posts Narrower Loss  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Circuit City Stores Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=CC.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;CC.N&lt;/A&gt;, on  Friday reported a smaller quarterly loss as it kept a tight  rein on expenses and demand increased for digital televisions,  notebook computers and other popular products.
Mexico's Olive Ridley Sea Turtles Make a Comeback (Reuters) Reuters - Sea turtles are spawning in record\numbers along Mexico's Pacific coast this year, thanks largely\to stepped up protection against poachers, the nation's\environmental watchdog said on Wednesday.
Jaguar and Ford Pull Out of Formula One  LONDON (Reuters) - Jaguar will pull out of Formula One at  the end of 2004, with parent company Ford's engine maker  Cosworth also up for sale.
 #36;1.3M Plan Aims to Save Calif. State Fish (AP) AP - Federal and state officials plan to announce Friday an agreement to spend  #36;1.3 million over the next five years to save California's state fish.
Study Eyes Salmonella, Typhoid, Monkeypox (AP) AP - Oregon researchers have started work on a new five-year,  #36;10.3 million biodefense contract to find the proteins associated with bacteria that cause salmonella poisoning and typhoid fever, and the virus that causes monkeypox.
In a Battered Pensacola, 'It Was Bad Everywhere' People in the Gulf Coast city of Pensacola, Fla., emerged to find backyards flooded and light posts bent at right angles. Still, many said it could have been worse.
Fla. Bears Brunt of Ivan; 24 Dead in U.S. PENSACOLA, Fla. - Hurricane Ivan was the deadliest hurricane to hit the United States since Floyd in 1999, but it could have been worse...
Putin Threatens Preventive Terror Actions MOSCOW - President Vladimir Putin said Friday that Russia was preparing to take preventive action against terrorists, the Interfax news agency reported.    Putin said that "now in Russia, we are seriously preparing to act preventively against terrorists," Interfax reported...
Mobiles in aircraft edge closer The European plane maker Airbus says it foresees the use of mobile phones on aircraft by 2006.
Sony to Launch Smaller PS2 Console Oct. 26-Report Japan #39;s Sony Corp is expected to unveil a smaller version of its popular PlayStation 2 game console on October 26, The Hollywood Reporter said on its Web site, citing retailers and industry analysts.
IBM fits PCs with new hardware-based security chip SEPTEMBER 17, 2004 (IDG NEWS SERVICE) - IBM Corp. has begun using new security hardware from National Semiconductor Corp. in its desktop PCs in an effort to fend off viruses and hackers.
MyDoom Variant Describes Itself A new variant of the Internet worm MyDoom - Mydoom.Y - has anti-virus vendors puzzled. Not because they can #39;t do anything about it but because it comes along with a description of itself.
Problema Violencia A Roma Continua (Pardo Duo) The abandoned Roma v Dynamo Kiev game cannot be awarded to the Ukranians, as the two teams are involved in a group, rather than a knock-out between the two of them.
Huygens Probe Test Successful European Space Agency -- ESAs Huygens probe, now orbiting Saturn on board the NASA/ESA/ASI Cassini spacecraft, is in good health and successfully passed its fifteenth In-Flight Checkout on 14 September 2004.     This in-flight checkout procedure was the last but one planned before separation of the Huygens probe from Cassini in December this year, and it included some specific activities that were intended to prepare for the separation...
Strings of Shadowy Rings Drape Saturn Jet Propulsion Lab -- Saturn's ring shadows appear wrapped in a harmonious symphony with the planet in this color view from the Cassini spacecraft.     Saturn and its rings would nearly fill the space between Earth and the Moon...
Kids Give Language Its Shape Children's brains are hard-wired to learn languages and, in some cases, to improve upon them. That's the conclusion of a new study that followed several generations of deaf Nicaraguan children as they created their own sign language and then continuously tinkered it with each new group of signers.
Vegetables Help Fight Breast Cancer Compound in broccoli and other greens stops malignant cell growth    HealthDayNews -- The anticancer compound sulforaphane, found in vegetables such as broccoli, brussels sprouts and kale, blocks the growth of late-stage breast cancer cells, a new study says.    University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign researchers say their finding, which appears in the September issue of the Journal of Nutrition, could help improve prevention and treatment of breast cancer...
Fertility Clinics Vary on Embryo Disposal Techniques By DAVID B. CARUSO    PHILADELPHIA (AP) -- The nation's fertility clinics vary widely when it comes to how they perform one of the most delicate aspects of their jobs: disposing of unused frozen human embryos that were created to help infertile women become pregnant...
FDA Approves Defibrillator Without Prescription By DIEDTRA HENDERSON     WASHINGTON (AP) -- People worried about sudden cardiac arrest no longer need a doctor's prescription to buy devices that jump-start the heart.     The Food and Drug Administration for the first time agreed Thursday to let consumers go online and purchase the \$2,000 devices for home use...
Police nab German lawyer in piracy raid Continuing its crackdown on software pirates, German police arrested a 46-year-old lawyer, two brothers, and a teenager on Thursday for allegedly selling illegal software, movies, games, and music through a commercial online service, according to the German Federation Against Copyright Theft (GVU).
Alcatel buys conferencing software developer eDial PARIS - French telecommunications equipment specialist Alcatel SA has acquired a U.S. manufacturer of conferencing and collaboration products, eDial Inc., Alcatel said Friday.
SAP acquires U.S., Swiss units of SAP SI SAP AG has agreed to acquire the Swiss and U.S. business units of SAP Systems Integration AG (SAP SI), bringing its absorption of the company nearer to completion.
Via's upcoming processor to be called C7 Via Technologies Inc.'s next generation of desktop microprocessors, based on the Esther processor core, will be called C7, the company said Thursday. Mobile versions of the chip will be called C7-M.
Daily Briefing EUGENE -- Recreational vehicle maker Country Coach has announced plans to hire 150 to 175 workers by the end of the year, the latest sign of the red-hot RV market.
FBI Seizes Counterfeit Software A two-year investigation by US law enforcement authorities has resulted in one of the largest seizures of fake software ever in the US and charges against 11 individuals, government officials say.
Report Recommends Bounty for Spammers By JENNIFER C. KERR    WASHINGTON (AP) -- What would it take to get someone to turn in one of those spammers who send millions of unwanted e-mails? At least \$100,000, the Federal Trade Commission figures...
Microsoft to Pay \$113 Million to California Lawyers SAN FRANCISCO (AP) -- A judge is ordering the Microsoft Corp. (MSFT) to pay \$112.5 million to attorneys who successfully sued the software maker for monopolizing a segment of California's market...
Infineon to Pay \$160 Million Price Fixing Fine By CURT ANDERSON    WASHINGTON (AP) -- German computer chipmaker Infineon Technologies AG (IFX) has agreed to plead guilty to price fixing and will pay a \$160 million fine, the Justice Department announced Wednesday.    In a plea agreement filed in U.S...
European Group Seeks Ways to Prosecute Cybercrime By ROBERT WIELAARD    STRASBOURG, France (AP) -- Governments and private sector officials from around the world sought ways Thursday to jointly combat cybercrime, whose growth mirrors the phenomenal rise of the Internet's popularity.    At a conference organized by the Council of Europe, delegates from Europe, the United States, Australia and China digested new data pointing to an increasing problem of global proportions: How can national law stop those who commit fraud, spread racism, steal credit card numbers or sell child pornography worldwide, nonstop and just about anonymously?    On top of that, while fraud and copyright infringements remain the lion's share of cybercrime, there is rising concern about terrorists going online to spread more than just propaganda...
Microsoft #39;s Chief Linux Strategist Interviewed sl0wp0is0n writes  quot;Computerworld has published an interview with Microsoft #39;s chief Linux strategist, Martin Taylor. It #39;s interesting to find out that Microsoft thinks and predicts Novell (SuSE) will be the 
Will favorites finally win one? Just why the United States team is considered the favorite in the Ryder Cup is a bit of a mystery, given the simple fact that the European team is 5-3-1 in the last nine matches.
Jaguar and Ford Pull Out of Formula One Jaguar will pull out of Formula One at the end of 2004, with parent company Ford #39;s engine maker Cosworth also up for sale. Ford #39;s bombshell announcement on Friday has huge 
Monty Gives Europe Early Advantage at Oakland Hills  BLOOMFIELD HILLS, Michigan (Reuters) - Colin Montgomerie  drew first blood for holders Europe with a birdie-three at the  first hole as the 35th Ryder Cup began at Oakland Hills under  cloudy skies on Friday.
Circuit City Posts Smaller Quarterly Loss  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Circuit City Stores Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=CC.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;CC.N&lt;/A&gt; on  Friday reported a smaller quarterly loss as it kept a tight  rein on expenses and demand increased for digital televisions,  notebook computers and other popular products.
Bush overcomes bin Laden in battle for Britain's Turner Prize (AFP) AFP - An exhibit featuring a film about US President George W. Bush's home town in Texas won the Turner Prize, Britain's most prestigious art award, pipping a digital recreation of Osama bin Laden's house.
U.S. Says Iran Nuke Freeze Offer a Ploy  VIENNA (Reuters) - Iran said on Friday it might extend its  partial freeze of uranium enrichment in order to ease Western  fears about its nuclear ambitions but a U.S. official dismissed  this as a ploy to fend off tough U.N. action.
Report: Zook accepts Illinois job BRISTOL, Connecticut (Ticker) - It appears as though Ron Zook did not have to wait too long to find another job. According to an ESPN.
Live: Action from the Ryder Cup All the action from Friday's fourballs as the USA and Europe lock horns at Oakland Hills.
Kenyan sues over 'HIV sacking' A woman is allowed to bring Kenya's first lawsuit for alleged discrimination for being HIV positive.
Ivan #39;s wrath keeps oil prices up Reports of damage to several oil facilities and more storms on the way raise crude prices. LONDON (Reuters) - Crude prices climbed Friday as oil companies surveyed the damage wreaked by Hurricane Ivan after the storm pounded the key oil producing region.
Talks on Airbus subsidies hit snags Bee Washington Bureau. WASHINGTON - Trying to avert a trans-Atlantic trade war over government subsidies to Airbus, US and European negotiators found little to agree on Thursday during a five-hour meeting in Brussels, Belgium.
Ford Raises Profit Forecast, Makes Cuts at Jaguar (Update3) Ford Motor Co. raised its forecast for third-quarter earnings by 10 cents a share and said it would end unprofitable Jaguar car production at a Coventry, England, plant and pull out of Formula One racing.
Canadian Bonds Rise, Dollar Drops After Core Inflation Declines Canadian bonds rose and the dollar dropped after the government said so-called core inflation unexpectedly fell in August. The figures suggested policy makers may lift their key interest rate less than predicted this year.
United Airlines says it needs to cut \$500 million more in costs CHICAGO United Airlines officials say they need to cut an additional 500 (m) million dollars in costs to help the carrier fly out of bankruptcy.
Circuit City Second-Quarter Loss Narrows to 6 Cents a Share Circuit City Stores Inc., the No. 2 US electronics chain, said its second-quarter loss narrowed to \$11.9 million as the company sold more plasma-screen televisions and benefited from the acquisition of a Canadian retailer.
Petro-Can sale ends Ottawa #39;s oilpatch era The federal government closed its window on the oil industry Thursday, saying that it is selling its last 19 per cent stake in Calgary-based Petro-Canada.
New blow for Sender ID as AOL joins disbelievers AOL is the latest and largest company to back away from Microsoft #39;s Sender ID software, designed to cut spam by identifying the source of the email.
Easy Listening from New Download Service Greek entrepreneur Stelios Haji-Iouannou said today he was expanding his Easy business empire with a new online music download service.
Mobiles in aircraft edge closer Soon you could be using your mobile phone on flights as easily as you do on the High Street. A two-year investigation has shown that mobiles can be used on planes without interfering with navigation systems.
Ryder-Monty gives Europe early advantage at Oakland Hills Colin Montgomerie drew first blood for holders Europe with a birdie-three at the first hole as the 35th Ryder Cup began at Oakland Hills under cloudy skies on Friday.
C Palace v Man City (Sat) Trevor Sinclair is Manchester City #39;s only doubt after picking up a knock in the game against Everton. Antoine Sibierski stands by to replace him, but Steve McManaman is still out with an Achilles problem.
44 die as violence in Iraq escalates Baghdad - United States forces pounded suspected hideouts of an al-Qaeda-linked group in and around the Sunni insurgent stronghold of Fallujah and battled insurgents in Baghdad on Friday, killing at least 44 people, the military and the health ministry 
2 Americans, Briton seized in Iraq Civilian foreigners appear new &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Baghdad -- Masked gunmen kidnapped two Americans and a Briton from their Baghdad residence on Thursday in an attack that appeared to herald a new level of danger for foreign civilians in Iraq.
Russia considers terror strikes President Vladimir Putin says Russia is  quot;seriously preparing to act preventively against terrorists, quot; the Interfax news agency reported.
Explosions rock central Baghdad A series of explosions rocked central Baghdad on Friday afternoon during a day of violence in the capital. The cause or exact location of the blasts was not immediately clear.
Dismay and Sadness at Jaguar Decision News that the assembly of Jaguar cars in Coventry will stop was greeted with dismay locally today. Residents in the village of Allesley, where the Browns Lane factory is based, expressed 
USA : IBM announces integration of RFID capabilities in middleware Radio Frequency Identification (RFID) is in news these days. And it is the middleware that gives meaning to the collection activity of radio frequency identification (RFID) readers, turning the data for usable purposes.
The iPod Year in Review Neither pundits nor the general population in 2003 would ever have predicted just how strong of a year 2004 would be for Apple Computer.
Oil Up, U.S. Storm Season Fuels Worries  LONDON (Reuters) - World oil prices surged almost a dollar  on Friday on worries that the ongoing storm season in the U.S.  Gulf would continue to hamper energy production and imports,  delaying vital pre-winter stock building.
Stocks Seen Higher, Ford Ups Forecast  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Stocks were set to open higher on  Friday after Ford Motor Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=F.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;F.N&lt;/A&gt; raised its earnings  forecasts, while a \$1 billion share buyback at Texas  Instruments Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=TXN.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;TXN.N&lt;/A&gt; could support technology stocks.
Treasury Yields Hold at Lows Before Data  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Treasury yields held near five-months  lows on Friday as the market digested recent hefty gains while  awaiting a key reading on the U.S. consumer.
Germans flock to see Hitler film More than 100,000 German filmgoers see a controversial movie about Adolf Hitler on its opening night.
For Some Beslan Families, Hope Itself Dies Agonizingly By the families' own count, there are 122 victims of the school siege in Beslan, Russia, not yet identified or found.
Woods, Mickelson Off to Shaky Ryder Start BLOOMFIELD TOWNSHIP, Mich. - Tiger Woods and Phil Mickelson were paired for the first time in Friday's opening match of the Ryder Cup, a dynamic twosome that hoped to get the United States rolling toward bringing the chalice back to this side of the Atlantic...
Baghdad Suicide Bomber Kills at Least 5 A suicide attacker detonated a car packed with explosives in front of a row of parked police cars in central Baghdad on Friday, killing at least five people and wounding 20, officials said.
Circuit City loss below forecasts Circuit City Stores Inc. reported a smaller quarterly loss Friday as it kept a tight rein on expenses and demand increased for digital televisions, notebook computers and other popular products.
Rossi: Well go for it Rossi heads to Japan with a 29-point lead over Sete Gibernau thanks to a stunning victory et Estoril two weeks ago, but for all his six success this season, you can bet your house that The Doctor will be giving it everything he #39;s got to deny Honda victory 
Loeb leads the way in Rally of Britain Citroen #39;s championship leader Sebastien Loeb made a flying start to the Rally of Britain on Friday to seize the lead from Ford #39;s overnight front-runner Francois Duval.
US strike on Falluja  #39;kills 60 #39; A US air strike on a  quot;terrorist meeting site quot; in Falluja Thursday night killed approximately 60 foreign fighters with ties to known terrorist leader Abu Musab Al Zarqawi, the Coalition Press Information Center said.
Women in science get centre boost The UK opens a national centre for women scientists, engineers and technologists to combat under-representation in the field.
Challenges are great - in moderation San Diego State is going to the Big House to convene with a Forbes 500 athletic corporation, the dynamic octopus known as the University of Michigan.
AOL Shuns Microsoft's Anti-Spam Technology By ANICK JESDANUN     NEW YORK (AP) -- Add America Online Inc. to the growing list of companies and organizations shunning a spam-fighting proposal from Microsoft Corp...
Kimono-Makers Now Employ Computer Graphics For centuries, Japan's kimono-makers have relied on stencils, paintbrushes and hours of labor to turn out their elaborate and graceful creations. Kimono designer Yuko Iwakuma uses some more up-to-date tools: a computer and an ink-jet printer.
American Red Cross and Ask Jeeves Help Hurricane Victims American Red Cross and Ask Jeeves Help Hurricane Victims\\Ask Jeeves today announced that the Company has teamed with the American Red Cross to aid victims of the recent hurricanes and other disasters. Ask Jeeves has launched redcross.ask.com to offer people an easy way to help the Red Cross. Ask Jeeves ...
How many planets are there, Indian president asks South African students (AFP) AFP - South African students at a high school in a township outside Durban were treated to a special science lesson delivered by Indian President Abdul Kalam.
IBM registers grid computing wins Claiming grid technology continues to expand outside its traditional scientific and research markets, IBM on Friday is announcing that several grid-based commercial projects built on IBM platforms have been launched, including one at the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency.
Airbus questions EU's decision on Microsoft European aircraft manufacturer Airbus SAS has taken issue with part of the European Union's (E.U.'s) antitrust decision against Microsoft Corp. and has filed a petition with the court handling the software maker's appeal.
Jaguar to Eliminate 1,150 Jobs Luxury carmaker Jaguar said Friday it was stopping assembly work at its headquarters and cutting 1,150 jobs as a result of overproduction and poor sales in the key US market.
Economy: Unctad Warns of Threats to Global Recovery The current recovery of the global economy is dampened by risks that could give rise to financial and exchange-rate instability and to a slowdown in growth, the United Nations Conference on Trade and Development (UNCTAD) warned Thursday.
Voq Professional Phone Now Available from TigerDirect and Tech &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Sierra Wireless (NASDAQ:SWIR) (TSX:SW) announced today that the Voq Professional Phone(TM) is now available in North America through members of Intel #39;s Product Dealer (IPD) program.
Myskina Upset, Kuznetsova Still Winning at WTA Bali US Open winner Svetlana Kuznetsova extended her streak to eight wins in a row on tour at the WTA stop in Bali Thursday, defeating Aussie qualifier Sam Stosur in straight sets to reach the quarterfinals.
Japan baseball players go on strike Tokyo, Japan (Sports Network) - Japan #39;s baseball players have decided to go on strike for the first time in the 70-year history of the sport in that nation.
Carter wants out of Canada  quot;It #39;s time to resurrect my career. quot; Those were Vince Carter #39;s words to the Toronto Star yesterday, making public his demands to be traded.
Nigerian Police Say Dozens Killed in Pipeline Blast Dozens of people were killed in a petroleum pipeline explosion in the commercial capital Lagos early on Thursday morning, Nigerian police said on Friday .
US Sept Consumer Sentiment Barely Budges (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. consumer sentiment stagnated in\early September, according to a survey released on Friday, as\doubts about the economy and the job market persisted.
NHL on Ice, Maybe for Whole 2004-05 Season (AP) AP - No shots, no saves, no goals. The National Hockey League locked out its players, threatening to keep the sport off the ice for the entire 2004-05 season and perhaps beyond in an effort by management to gain massive economic change.
US Stocks Higher, Helped by Ford Outlook (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. stocks opened higher on Friday\after Ford Motor Co.  raised its earnings forecasts, but\Qualcomm Inc.  weighed on the Nasdaq index after the\wireless technology company said it would review how it\accounts for technology royalties.
Diplomat Says N. Korea Blast Not Nukes (AP) AP - A diplomat who visited the site of a huge explosion in North Korea said Friday he saw no evidence it was caused by a nuclear test, and South Korean officials said mushroom-shaped plume thought to be from the blast may have instead been a natural cloud formation.
Cooper Tire to Sell Unit for \$1.165 Bln  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Cooper Tire and Rubber Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=CTB.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;CTB.N&lt;/A&gt; on  Friday said it agreed to sell an automotive parts  business to  buyout firms Cypress Group and Goldman Sachs Capital Partners  for about \$1.165 billion, the latest private equity purchase in  the sector.
Expensing Options: A Reprieve? (BusinessWeek Online) BusinessWeek Online - On weekdays, Jeff Solof is director of Sun Microsystems'  Web site. On weekends, he's a deacon at an Eastern Orthodox church in Worcester, Mass. But the 44-year-old father of two has a dream: When he hits his 50s, he'll cash in his 40,000 Sun stock options and become a full-time minister. Stock options "are a long- term incentive" to stick with Sun, he says.
Ford Raises Quarter and Full-Year Outlook Ford raised its earnings guidance for 2004 today in part on the back of continued strong performance by its financial services business.
The Next Big Cheese Will the next person to fill Michael Eisner's shoes ask for glass slipper shoehorns or odor eaters?
Qualcomm #39;s Royalty Pain Qualcomm (QCOM:Nasdaq - news - research) raised its current-quarter earnings estimate but saw its shares tank because of uncertainty about the accounting for its huge royalty franchise.
Calif. judge cuts Microsoft legal fees This fourth priority #39;s main focus has been improving or obtaining CRM and ERP software for the past year and a half. A San Francisco judge ordered Microsoft to pay lawyers involved in its \$1.
Voq smartphone arrives in US With the economy slowly turning up, upgrading hardware has been on businesses radar in the past 12 months as their number two priority.
The political implications of the Jaguar decision The Ford Motor Company #39;s decision to quit Formula 1 and sell its F1-related operations is a setback for the whole sport. It paints F1 in a negative light: Formula 1, Richard Parry-Jones said, was too expensive and was too slow to change.
Red Sox Ready For Yankees After Schilling Wins 20th _ Curt Schilling #39;s 20th victory of the season was just a start for the Boston Red Sox. Schilling and the Red Sox beat Tampa Bay 11-4 Thursday night, moving within 3 1/2 games of the Yankees in 
Japan Players to Go on First-Ever Strike Japanese baseball players decided to go on strike for the first time in the 70 year history of the local game after last minute talks with the representatives 
Ford Boosts Profit Outlook, Closes Plant  DETROIT (Reuters) - Ford Motor Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=F.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;F.N&lt;/A&gt; raised its  earnings outlook on Friday, due to strength from its financial  services sector, even as it announced the end of car production  at a Jaguar plant in Britain and its withdrawal from Formula  One racing.
US Sept Consumer Sentiment Stagnates  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. consumer sentiment stagnated in  early September, according to a survey released on Friday, as  doubts about the economy and the job market persisted.
Qualcomm May Change Royalty Recognition  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Qualcomm Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=QCOM.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;QCOM.O&lt;/A&gt; may change the  way it recognizes royalties from its licensees, which would  reduce fourth-quarter pre-tax income by \$298 million, the  company said on Friday.
Alpharma Says Pfizer Drug Generic Cleared  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Alpharma Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=ALO.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;ALO.N&lt;/A&gt; on Friday said a  federal appellate court has set aside its earlier order that  had prevented the company from launching a generic form of  Pfizer Inc's &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=PFE.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;PFE.N&lt;/A&gt; Neurontin capsules to treat epilepsy,  sending Alpharma shares higher.
Suicide Bomber Targets Baghdad Police BAGHDAD, Iraq - A suicide attacker detonated an explosives-packed vehicle near a row of police cars blocking off a bridge in central Baghdad, killing at least five people and wounding 20, officials said. The attack came hours after U.S...
Ivan Batters Gulf Coast, Leaves 28 Dead PENSACOLA, Fla. - Hurricane Ivan extended its deadly march across the South on Friday, destroying homes, swamping streets and leaving hundreds of thousands of people without power from the Gulf Coast to the Carolinas...
Michigan consumer report flat US consumer sentiment stagnated in early September, according to a survey released Friday, as doubts about the economy and the job market persisted.
Carnival Profit Up Sharply After Merger Carnival Corp. (CCL.N: Quote, Profile, Research) , the world #39;s biggest cruise group, on Friday said quarterly earnings rose sharply, citing the merger with P amp;O Princess Cruises last year.
Dollar tumbles on inflation report The Canadian dollar dropped two-thirds of a US cent in early trading Friday after a tame inflation report eased pressure on the Bank of Canada to raise interest rates in coming months.
Murdoch #39;s American dream bad for investors The proposed transfer of News Corporation #39;s domicile to Delaware will probably occur after this week #39;s lukewarm endorsement from News #39; independent expert, Grant Samuel.
Goldman Group to Buy Cooper Tire Unit for \$1.17 Bln (Update1) A group led by Goldman Sachs Group Inc. agreed to buy the Cooper Tire  amp; Rubber Co. business that makes automotive fluid-handling systems and other components for \$1.
Number Of Men Alleging Harassment On Job Up, Report Says The number of men claiming they #39;re victims of sexual harassment at work is increasing, according to a published report. Have you witnessed or have you been a victim of sexual harassment of men at work?
FTC Considers Bounties For Catching Spammers The federal government is proposing money as an incentive to turn in those who send millions of unwanted e-mails. Would you turn in a friend or co-worker who was sending spam?
Leading indicator of economic performance moderated again in &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; OTTAWA (CP) - The composite leading index, an early measurement of economic performance, moderated again in August, to 0.5 per cent from 0.6 per cent in July, Statistics Canada reported Friday.
More web surfers abandoning the good ship Internet Explorer Microsoft #39;s web browser, Internet Explorer, is continuing its slow but steady slide in market share. According to fresh numbers from web metrics firm Websidestory, IE #39;s share has slipped 1.8 per cent in the last three months.
easyGroup enters online music market with 25p downloads Stelios is tapping his feet to the rhythm of a new venture in the form of easyMusic, to be launched in time for Christmas. The easyGroup company has teamed up with London-based music service Wippit to launch 
ATI develops PCI Express-based HyperMemory ATI takes the concept of  quot;shared memory quot; and utilizes next-generation technology to produce HyperMemory. Using PCI Express, this new technology reduces PC system costs by allowing its visual processors to use system memory for graphics processing.
Microsoft clause puts OpenOffice users on notice Jaded souls might say that Sun Microsystems sold the open source community down the river in its landmark settlement with Microsoft in April.
Kerio MailServer 6 Server: requires Microsoft Windows 2000, Windows Server 2003, Windows XP, Red Hat Linux 9.0 or later, Red Hat Enterprise Linux 3, SuSE Linux 9.x, or Mac OS X 10.
MyDoom Variant Packs Photo of Netsky Author A new variant of the MyDoom Internet worm contains some puzzling add-ins: a photo that bears a likeness of Sven Jaschan, whom police in Berlin last week charged with computer sabotage after he admitted to authoring the Sasser worm, and a high-level 
Kuznetsova forced to fight to reach Bali semis US Open champion Svetlana Kuznetsova overcame a tough first-set challenge from wild card Angelique Widjaja to reach the semi-finals of the Wismilak International with a 7-5 6-1 victory on Friday.
More Blackburn Rovers Stories Mark Hughes has been warned that Blackburn are no longer the bottomless pit of cash that they were a decade ago - but the new Rovers manager will have some money to spend when the transfer window reopens in January.
Japan #39;s players go on strike, weekend games called off TOKYO Baseball players in Japan are going on strike for the first time in the sport #39;s history there. Games this weekend are being called off after extended negotiations with team officials failed to bear fruit.
Racing to beat the next bomb As Indonesia #39;s police investigate the embassy bombing the fear is the attackers will strike again. Mark Coultan and Catharine Munro report from Jakarta.
China admits communist cadres  #39;lose their heads #39; An internal survey by the Chinese Communist Party has found that more than half its higher-echelon cadres are incompetent and many  quot;lost their heads quot; when faced with difficult situations.
Keeping Tony Blair #39;s secret all in the family For some sections of the British press, nothing succeeds like excess - but London #39;s editors are steering well clear of one story, writes Peter Fray in London.
Danes find a bridge to love (Chicago Tribune) Chicago Tribune - The train is sleek and fast that each night carries Christina Reves away from her country and toward her husband. It races through Denmark's scattered marshes and clicks over a bridge and across the water, stopping 35 minutes later in Sweden.
France, Belgium Delay NATO Iraq Agreement (AP) AP - France and Belgium, two of the most vocal critics of the U.S. war in Iraq, would not agree Friday to a planned expansion of NATO's military training mission in Iraq, but officials were confident that a deal could be reached within coming days.
Qualcomm Raises 4Q, Year Outlook (AP) AP - Qualcomm Inc. Friday raised its earnings and revenue forecasts for the current quarter, based on higher shipments of its cell-phone chips.
200,000 Consumers May See Bills Forgiven Consumers who were billed for services used on or before June 15, 2003, but who did not pay or dispute the charges, would have the opportunity to dispute the charges in writing and qualify to have the debt forgiven.
Oil Surges on Storm, Stock Build Concern  LONDON (Reuters) - World oil prices surged a dollar on  Friday on worries that the ongoing storm season in the U.S.  Gulf would continue to hamper energy production and imports,  delaying vital pre-winter stock building.
Newfound Comet Set for Winter Display (SPACE.com) SPACE.com - Donald Machholz of Colfax, \  California, an optician who has been interested in astronomy since age eight, \  discovered nine comet from 1978 through 1994. He has since spent 1,457 hours \  scanning the skies for other comets, without any luck.
Return to Flight on Track Despite Setbacks (SPACE.com) SPACE.com - NASA is making progress in its return to flight efforts, despite suffering setbacks from a recent rash of hurricanes that have pummeled the nation's space coast, according to the task force overseeing the agency's work.
September Consumer Sentiment Flat U.S. consumer sentiment stagnated in\early September, according to a survey released on Friday, as\doubts about the economy and the job market persisted.
Will FDA Allow Imports of Canadian and European Flu Vaccines? FDA officials on Tuesday are expected to announce whether they will allow four million to five million doses of flu vaccine manufactured in Europe and Canada to be imported for use in the United States, HHS Secretary Tommy Thompson said Friday in his 
Rough Start for U.S. Tiger Woods and Phil Mickelson get off to an inglorious start in their better-ball match against Colin Montgomerie and Padraig Harrington.
The Fool's Look Ahead The Motley Fool's Rick Munarriz takes a look at the business week that approaches.
Qualcomm May Change Royalty Recognition Qualcomm Inc. (QCOM.O: Quote, Profile, Research) may change the way it recognizes royalties from its licensees, which would reduce fourth-quarter pre-tax income by \$298 million, the company said on Friday.
Improved Ford guidance boosts markets, C\$ tumbles on weak &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; TORONTO (CP) - Stock markets rose Friday morning, helped by improved profit guidance from Ford Motor Co., while indications of tame inflation and low interest rates sent the Canadian dollar tumbling.
AMS: US actions foiling hostage deal Iraq #39;s influential Association of Muslim Scholars (AMS) has accused the US army of hampering efforts to secure the release of two abducted French journalists.
Nose-controlled mouse not to be sniffed at &lt;strong&gt;Letters&lt;/strong&gt; &lt;cite&gt;Reg&lt;/cite&gt; readers applaud sillytech
Eberharter Retires _ Four-time Olympic medalist Stephan Eberharter is retiring from competitive skiing after 16 years on the World Cup circuit. The 35-year-old Austrian was the runner-up in last season #39;s overall World Cup standings.
Victory pays for visitors The mantra in the days leading up to this morning #39;s start of the 35th Ryder Cup at Oakland Hills has been pride, heart, patriotism.
30 killed, 40 wounded in US airstrikes in Fallujah An injured Iraqi kid was sent to the hospital in Fallujah, Sept. 17, 2004. US aircraft launched airstrikes Friday on targets near the restive city of Fallujah, west of Baghdad, killing at least 30 people and injuring 40 others.
Nets Chief Throws Cold Water on Kidd Trade (AP) AP - The New Jersey Nets are not going to trade All-Star point guard Jason Kidd unless they get a deal that makes them a better team, chief executive Rod Thorn said Thursday.
Yukos Oil Co. Still Close to Bankruptcy (AP) AP - Russia's Yukos oil company has paid  #36;2.2 billion of its  #36;3.4 billion tax bill for 2000, Yukos' top finance official said Friday, as he renewed warnings that the embattled company was close to bankruptcy.
Malaysia, Thailand to Discuss Bird Flu (AP) AP - Malaysia will send a team of senior agriculture officials to Thailand next week for urgent talks on tightening border controls against the spread of bird flu, which has forced a quarantine of Malaysia's northern Kelantan state.
Sony Describes HD Product Plans (PC World) PC World - Wega TVs, Vaio systems, DVD recorders and camcorder highlight HD product lineup.
U.S. Stocks Higher, Ford Outlook Helps  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. blue chips advanced on Friday  after Ford Motor Co. raised its earnings forecasts, while  wireless technology provider Qualcomm Inc. limited gains on the  Nasdaq after saying an accounting review may reduce pretax  income.
Cooper Tire Selling Auto Parts Unit  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Cooper Tire and Rubber Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=CTB.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;CTB.N&lt;/A&gt; on  Friday said it agreed to sell an automotive parts business to  two buyout firms for about \$1.17 billion, the latest private  equity purchase in the sector.
Kerry Criticizes Bush and Cheney on Halliburton's Iraq Contracts John Kerry today accused the Bush administration of turning a blind eye to waste by Halliburton, and proposed reforming the contracting system.
Funds Move Toward Independent Chairmen (AP) AP - Mutual funds are moving to comply with a new rule that requires them to have independent chairmen starting in 2006, despite a growing challenge to the rule.
Bush Raises Campaign Funds in D.C., N.C. WASHINGTON - President Bush is dusting off his fund-raiser-in-chief hat and resuming the task of collecting campaign cash for himself and other Republican candidates. He was raising money Friday in Washington and North Carolina and, while down south, was holding an event designed to boost his standing among women voters...
U.S. Official Witnesses Sudan Attack MORNIE, Sudan - A U.S. aid chief got a firsthand look at the anger among Darfur's beleaguered population Friday, when residents of a refugee camp beat up a government worker who tried to stop them from complaining to the visiting diplomat...
Four key steps in Murdoch #39;s US march RUPERT Murdoch has to win four key votes to shift The News Corporation Ltd to New York and into the S amp;P 500 share index. The votes of the Australian institutions - where the greatest opposition to the move resides - are critical in only one of the four.
Family-values organizations call for boycott of 2 P amp;G products CINCINNATI - Two family-values organizations are calling for a boycott of two Procter  amp; Gamble Co. products because the organizations say P amp;G is tacitly supporting gay marriage.
Microsofts next move in the Windows vs. Linux battle Are you convinced that Windows environments are less expensive to own and operate than Linux computers? Martin Taylor, the manager behind Microsofts anti-Linux strategy, believes the companys Get The 
 #39;Sims 2 #39; makes emotional debut Electronic Arts on Friday began shipping the long-awaited sequel to its hit PC game  quot;The Sims. quot;. The new version,  quot;The Sims 2, quot; builds on the theme of letting people play out simulated life stories of its characters 
US defeats the EU THE biannual Ryder Cup golf competition in Bulgaria finished with a narrow victory for the US team, which took a lead of three points to beat the European Union team.
Detained man links Azahari to blast JAKARTA: Indonesian police have detained a man who was with notorious JI operative Azahari bin Husin in the minutes before the Jakarta embassy blast, national police chief Dai Bachtiar said yesterday, directly linking Azahari to the bombing for the first 
Technology Rules in 'World of Tomorrow' You'd better hope your computer doesn't break down today, because every self-respecting geek with \$10 and a pulse will be queuing up to see "Sky Captain and the World of Tomorrow." &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-washingtonpost.com&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
SEC Investigating WorldCom Creditors Committee The Securities and Exchange Commission is investigating WorldCom Inc.'s official creditors committee, requesting reams of documents related to members' dealings as well as information they reviewed about WorldCom's health and prospects.
RosettaNet takes standards push to small firms The group, which is pushing for adoption of a universal e-business language, wants to make its standards easier and cheaper to use.
'Sims 2' makes emotional debut New version of hit game gives characters a purpose in life and a chance to pass on their DNA.
Portis the showman remains a team player From the first day of the Washington Redskins #39; first minicamp in March, Clinton Portis was marching to a different beat. While his teammates were practically swooning over their first practice under returning 
Brief: Xserve installations proliferate Co-location and dedicated server provider OSI Hosting.net has acquired 1,000 Xserves from Apple Computer Inc. as part of an expansion into seven new facilities.
Web server tool Lasso adds FileMaker 7 support The upgrade to the OmniPilot's's Web application server tool adds compatibility with FileMaker Pro 7, allowing developers of data-driven sites to keep pace with the most popular database software available for the Mac.
PeopleSoft's prospects top agenda at show PeopleSoft's Connect 2004 user conference comes just two weeks after a federal judge denied a request by the Department of Justice to block Oracle's attempted takeover of its business applications rival.
AOL backs away from Microsoft antispam plan  America Online Inc. has decided not to fully support Microsoft's Sender ID spam-fighting plan citing intellectual property concerns from the Internet Engineering Task Force and the open-source community.
Symantec to acquire security consultants Stake Symantec plans to integrate Stake's services and applications into its global professional services offerings, but offered no details on the acquisition.
Version 2.0 of Linux Standard Base specs now available The latest Linux Standard Base specifications are now out, allowing open-source vendors and developers to maintain easy portability and compatibility among applications for Linux.
Arrest made in Cisco source code theft Police in the U.K. have arrested a man in connection with the theft of source code from networking equipment maker Cisco Systems Inc. in May, a Scotland Yard spokeswoman confirmed Friday.
Sony Describes HD Product Plans Wega TVs, Vaio systems, DVD recorders and camcorder highlight HD product lineup.
European Antitrust Probe Questioned Airbus questions EU's ruling against Microsoft, which could affect other industries.
China Blasted Over Piracy Lax enforcement of intellectual property laws hurts business and investment, group charges.
Update 2: Qualcomm Raises 4Q, Year Outlook Qualcomm Inc. Friday raised its earnings and revenue forecasts for the current quarter, based on higher shipments of its cell-phone chips.
UPDATE 2-Circuit City loss narrows, stock jumps Circuit City Stores Inc. (CC.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Friday reported a narrower quarterly loss as it kept a tight rein on expenses and sales of digital 
Court Nixes Ex-Vivendi Chief Bail Request A Paris appeals court on Friday rejected a request by former Vivendi Universal chief Jean-Marie Messier to lower his bail in a case of suspected financial wrongdoing.
Mozilla Firefox 1.0 Preview Release After a year in development Mozilla Firefox has finally reached version 1.0, and this Preview Release has recently been made available.
Spam wins the second round THE battle against spam took a turn for the worse yesterday when America Online pulled back support for an industry-wide email authentication system aimed at reducing junk email.
Feds Seize \$87M in Counterfeit Software Sting FBI officials said they have netted close to \$87 million worth of counterfeit software and components in California, Washington and Texas as a result of a sting operation called Operation Digital Marauder.
Microsoft To Pay \$113M To California Lawyers The award for fees and costs comes in a case in which Microsoft agreed to allocate \$1.1 billion for California consumers. By Associated Press.
New Online Music: Easy Listening from Stelios The service is the latest in a portfolio of businesses under the Easy banner, including easyJet, easyInternetcafe, easyCinema, easyBus, easyPizza, easyCar and easy4Men.
Reward system may not help catch spammers The Federal Trade Commission and other law enforcers face three hurdles in having a reward system for anti-spam investigations, according to a new FTC report.
Dyer facing weeks out with injury NEWCASTLE, England -- Graeme Souness suffered his first serious setback as Newcastle manager after Kieron Dyer was ruled out of action for several weeks with a recurrence of the hamstring problems that have dogged him throughout his career.
Ajax finally comes to terms with Trabelsi Amsterdam, the Netherlands (Sports Network) - Ajax defender Hatem Trabelsi finally ended his holdout by signing a new two-year contract on Friday.
Actually, they #39;re all in the chase The conspiracy theorists are already concocting potential plots. They speculate whether an out-of-contention driver would sabotage someone in the top 10, how teamwork might make an 
Amazon A9 Search Engine Offers Shopping Discount Amazon A9 Search Engine Offers Shopping Discount\\In an effort to boost Amazon's A9 search engine usage and draw searchers away from Yahoo, Google and MSN, Amazon/A9 is offering a discount plan for A9 searchers on Amazon.com. Amazon is discounting purchases by 1.5 for A9 users as long as they register ...
Apple issues iChat security fix (MacCentral) MacCentral - Apple Computer Inc. on Thursday released its third security update in recent days. Security Update 2004-09-16 fixes a security issue with Apple's iChat application that allowed Remote iChat participants can send "links" that can start local programs if clicked.
Olympics Great Success After HGH Testing, WADA Says  LONDON (Reuters) - Sport's top anti-doping official hailed  the 2004 Olympics as a "great success" Friday and revealed that  one in 10 drugs samples taken in Athens had been tested for  human growth hormone (HGH).
Bush Reform Call Seen Part of Consumption Tax Move (Reuters) Reuters - President Bush's call for a simpler\tax code could mark the next step in a gradual move toward a\system that places more of a tax burden on consumption and less\on savings, analysts say, a direction critics think would put a\bigger burden on working Americans.
Suicide Car Bomb in Baghdad; U.S. Pounds Falluja  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - A suicide car bomber killed at least  eight people in an attack on a police checkpoint in Baghdad on  Friday, after a night of U.S. air strikes around the rebel-held  city of Falluja that killed scores.
Retirement Loans: Is the Interest Deductible? Make sure that you think things through before you decide to borrow against your plan.
Former MedImmune Exec Pleads Guilty A former executive of the biotechnology company MedImmune faces from 15 to 21 months in prison after pleading guilty Friday to security fraud and perjury in U.S. District Court in Washington. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-AP&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Foam, not shuttle repairs on the go, key flight issue NASA can return shuttles to flight even if the agency is unable to fix in space the type of wing damage that caused the February 2003 Columbia accident, the head of an oversight group said Thursday.
Racing: Formula One in turmoil as Ford pulls out LONDON : Formula One was thrown into turmoil after US auto giant Ford announced that it was pulling out of the sport from the end of this season.
Austria #39;s Eberharter Retires Stephan Eberharter announced his retirement on Friday after a decade and a half as a leading light of the Austrian Alpine skiing team.
Sunday, 1 pm EDT You have to go back to Weeks 8-9 of 2002 to find the last time Tony Dungy #39;s Colts dropped consecutive regular-season games, but Indianapolis will snap that streak if it doesn #39;t rebound from a loss in New England and get in the win column at Tennessee.
Dozens killed in oil pipeline explosion in Nigeria Dozens of oil scoopers had died in an oil pipeline explosion on the outskirts of Lagos, Nigeria #39;s largest city, police and witnesses said on Friday.
As African Locust Crisis Worsens, UN Faces Huge Funds Shortfall to &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; With the desert locust crisis in West Africa expected to deteriorate over the next few weeks, the United Nation Food and Agriculture Organization (FAO) warned today that it only had in hand less than a tenth of the crucial funding needed to prevent the 
US Stocks Up, Ford Forecast Gives a Lift (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. blue chips advanced on Friday\after Ford Motor Co.  raised its earnings forecasts, while\wireless technology provider Qualcomm Inc.  limited\gains on the Nasdaq after saying an accounting review may\reduce pretax income.
Boozy Oktoberfest Drinkers Get Bavarian Slang Aid (Reuters) Reuters - Drunken revelers at the world's\biggest beer festival this year can purchase a stiff linguistic\pick me-up for when their brains get addled -- a beer and\mustard proof guide to Bavarian slang.
U.S., Allies Protest Annan Claim on Iraq (AP) AP - Secretary-General Kofi Annan's claim that the war in Iraq was illegal drew strong protest from the United States and its allies but little comment from the war's opponents, who appeared unwilling to revisit the question.
Ryder Cup: Europe Takes Early Control  BLOOMFIELD HILLS, Michigan (Reuters) - Inspired by a  brilliant putting display in overcast conditions at Oakland  Hills, Europe led the United States in three of the four  opening fourball matches at the 35th Ryder Cup on Friday.
US Sept Consumer Sentiment Stagnates  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. consumer sentiment stagnated in  early September as doubts about the economy and the job market  persisted, a report indicated on Friday.
ElBaradei: No Sign of Nuke Activity at New Iran Site  VIENNA (Reuters) - The U.N. nuclear watchdog has found no  sign of nuclear-related activity at a site in Iran called  Parchin that several U.S. officials said may be linked to  secret atom bomb research, Mohamed ElBaradei said on Friday.
Iraq Airways heads past borders Iraqi Airways is reportedly planning to restart international flights after a 14-year break on Saturday. 
Iceland's Baugur bids for UK firm Shares in discount retailer Big Food Group rise more than 11 as the owner of the Iceland frozen food chain reveals it is in bid talks.
Qualcomm May Change Royalty Recognition Qualcomm Inc. may change the way it recognizes royalties from its licensees, which would reduce fourth-quarter pre-tax income by \$298 million, the company said on Friday.
US consumer sentiment inches lower The consumer sentiment index slipped to 95.8 from 95.9 in August. Economists were expecting the index would tick up to 96.5. The index will be updated in two weeks to reflect surveys returned throughout September.
Stocks Rise on Bullish Ford Report A bullish profit outlook from Ford Motor Co. sent stocks higher Friday as investors looked past a disappointing report on consumer sentiment and new accounting problems at Qualcomm Inc.
Former MedImmune Exec Pleads Guilty A former executive of the biotechnology company MedImmune faces from 15 to 21 months in prison after pleading guilty Friday to security fraud and perjury in US District Court in Washington.
Baan Founder Launches New Web Services Company Jan Baan, a name synonymous with one of the great ERP success stories of the 1990s, is back. And he #39;s looking to compete with the likes of SAP AG, his former business nemesis, with a new company.
Bowen Joins Hughes At Blackburn Former Blues first team coach Mark Bowen has been appointed assistant manager to new Blackburn boss Mark Hughes. Bowen, who was surprisingly sacked from his role as Steve Bruce #39;s right-hand man in the summer 
- Car bomb explosion in Baghdad kills five (LEAD) Witnesses said a thick column of smoke was seen rising from the east side of the Tigris river. Ambulances raced to the scene while US troops and Iraqi police sealed off the area.
ATI announces HyperMemory tech ATI HAS developed a new technology to allow system memory to be fully utilised by graphics boards, it said today. The extra bandwidth of the PCI Express bus means that shuttling data to and fro between the 
Solberg Turns Up Heat Petter Solberg turned up the heat on world championship rival Sebastien Loeb with a blistering display on stage six to close in on the Wales Rally GB leader.
Viduka makes mark in Europe MARK VIDUKA continued his stellar run with new club Middlesbrough, scoring a double in the club #39;s 3-0 UEFA Cup first-round win against Banik Ostrava of the Czech Republic on Thursday night.
Mills: City squad behind Keegan Danny Mills insisted on Friday that under-fire manager Kevin Keegan had the backing of the Manchester City dressing room. The England defender, who in midweek rubbished reports he had clashed with Keegan in 
It #39;s showtime for these Sox  quot;It #39;s going to be a circus, anyway you look at it, quot; said Boston #39;s Kevin Millar. There are no three rings, elephants or clowns escaping tiny cars.
Ford outlook lifts markets Improved profit guidance from Ford energized stock markets this morning despite a consumer confidence reading that unexpectedly slipped.
GE ready to sell India BPO ops WASHINGTON: General Electric Co (GE), which began business process outsourcing to India long before the term became familiar and the issue a hot button one, is planning to sell its India operation.
Stelios boards music download bandwagon Flamboyant entrepreneur and easyJet founder Stelios Haji-Ioannou joined the highly competitive online music market today, offering tracks from artists such as Franz Ferdinand and Beyonce as well as free downloads from unsigned artists.
Study: Some Parts of Language Innate Sept. 17, 2004 - Some parts of language arise from the innate way humans process language, according to a new study of deaf children in Nicaragua.
AMD-Spansion shoves Intel into 2nd place ACCORDING TO MARKET watchers, iSuppli, in Q1-Q2 2004 Spansion (AMD/Fujitsu) remained Number One mobile phone flash memory supplier, a position it first stole from Intel in 2003.
Microsofts new Media Player 10 rivals iTunes Its amazing to see what an entrenched monopolist will do when it finally meets real competition. For years, Microsoft saw no threat to its Windows Media Player from such 
Teen accused of making threats about school, possessing weapons A 17-year-old was arrested after authorities received a tip that he was making threats in an online chat room about his high school and fellow students, police said Friday.
Trescothick boosts England England and Sri Lanka were evenly poised when rain brought a premature end to their crucial Champions Trophy encounter at the Rose Bowl.
Auburn LSU Game _ The LSU-Auburn football game will be played as scheduled tomorrow afternoon in Alabama. Auburn officials made the announcement this morning.
Trammell never lets up OK, so maybe Alan Trammell did manage this game like it was the seventh game of the World Series. You know what, he #39;s not going to apologize for it.
Rafsanjani: Iran will reject any resolution calling for suspension &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Tehran, Sept 17, IRNA -- Tehran Substitute Friday Prayer Leader and Chairman of the Expediency Council Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani said in Tehran on Friday that the US is afraid of the power of Islam.
French hostages fate hangs by a thread one month on BAGHDAD, Sept 17 (AFP) - A month after their capture in Iraq and in spite of relentless diplomatic networking by Paris, the fate of French reporters Georges Malbrunot and Christian Chesnot appears more uncertain than ever.
Jackson faces abuse boy's mother Michael Jackson is in court in California to hear testimony from the mother of the boy accusing him of sexual abuse.
Broadband starts to rival dial-up Broadband has out-stripped unmetered connections in the UK for the first time, official figures show.
Agreement Reached for Resolution on Iran's Nuclear Program U.S. and European negotiators agreed on a draft resolution meant to deprive Iran of technology used to make nuclear weapons.
Storm Pounds Appalachian Region With Rain Heavy rain and wind from what was once Hurricane Ivan assaulted the southern Appalachian region Friday, washing away homes and killing at least three people.
Europeans Start Strong in Ryder Cup Play BLOOMFIELD TOWNSHIP, Mich. - Staring down Tiger Woods, Phil Mickelson and the rest of the Americans, Europe got off to a stunning start Friday in the Ryder Cup...
Ivan Rattles Gulf Coast, Leaves 33 Dead PENSACOLA, Fla. - The storm that was Hurricane Ivan extended its deadly march across the South on Friday, destroying homes, swamping streets and leaving hundreds of thousands of people without power from the Gulf Coast to the Carolinas...
Jazz Cancel Moscow Trip Over Concerns (AP) AP - The Utah Jazz's exhibition game in Russia next month was canceled by the NBA on Friday because of security concerns.
Ryder Cup: Europe Clinches the First Point  BLOOMFIELD HILLS, Michigan (Reuters) - Darren Clarke and  Miguel Angel Jimenez sealed Europe's first point in the opening  Ryder Cup fourball matches against the United States Friday,  beating Davis Love III and Chad Campbell 5   4.
Ford Hikes Profit View,  Cuts Jaguar Jobs  DETROIT (Reuters) - Ford Motor Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=F.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;F.N&lt;/A&gt; raised its  earnings outlook on Friday, due to strength from its financial  services sector, even as it announced the end of car production  at a Jaguar plant in Britain and its withdrawal from Formula  One racing.
Natural disasters 'on the rise' More people are being caught up in a growing number of natural disasters, the UN's International Strategy for Disaster Reduction says.
Circuit City Cuts Loss, Stock Soars  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Circuit City Stores Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=CC.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;CC.N&lt;/A&gt; on  Friday reported a narrower quarterly loss as it kept a tight  rein on expenses and sales of digital televisions and notebook  computers rose, sending its stock up 5 percent.
U.N. Seeks Limits on Pesticide Harming Ozone Layer (Reuters) Reuters - The world should crack down further on the\use of the pesticide methyl bromide which is damaging the ozone\layer, the U.N. Environment Program (UNEP) said on Thursday.
US consumer confidence dips US consumers are still worried about their jobs and income, the University of Michigan's index of consumer confidence indicates.
Ariba opens development center in India BANGALORE, INDIA -- Ariba Inc. has set up a software development facility in Bangalore, India, which will work on product development as well as technical support and services, the company announced Friday.
News: Cash Bounties For Spammers Win Limited FTC Backing The Federal Trade Commission yesterday gave limited endorsement to offering cash rewards to people who help track down e-mail spammers, suggesting that such\bounties might work but in fewer circumstances than had been pushed by some anti-spam activists.\
Carnival sails to higher 3Q profit Carnival Corp., the world #39;s biggest cruise group, said Friday its quarterly earnings rose sharply, citing the merger with P amp;O Princess Cruises last year.
Emerson Electric Names Farr Chairman Emerson Electric Co., a maker of electrical energy regulation products, said Friday that chief executive David N. Farr will succeed chairman Charles F. Knight, who is retiring.
MARKET COMMENT: European Stocks Rise With Oil Shares 1015 GMT (Dow Jones) LONDON--European stocks higher driven by gains for oils and mining stocks. Trader says expiration of derivatives contracts or  quot;triple witching quot; not having major impact.
Airbus Hears You Now One of the most frequent complaints voiced by air travelers over the past decade or so has been having to comply with the instruction to  quot;make sure your mobile phones are turned off quot; before liftoff.
PStwo on October 26th? We first reported on the speculation about this a couple of weeks ago, now everyone is aflutter of the news that Sony is supposedly (big emphasis on the supposedly, ok?
Soccer: Ferguson looking to Ferdinand to steady shaky United ship MANCHESTER, England : Alex Ferguson is hoping the return of Rio Ferdinand will usher in a period of defensive stability for Manchester United as the club struggles to get its season back on track.
Tennis: Flying Finn Nieminen knocks off Nalbandian for third semi &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; BEIJING : Flying Finn Jarkko Nieminen soared into his third semi-final of the season, stunning third seed David Nalbandian 6-2, 2-6, 6-2 at the 500,000-dollar China Open.
Paul Martin hopeful NHL lockout will be resolved CBC SPORTS ONLINE - Prime Minister Paul Martin said Friday he believes the National Hockey League and its players will eventually overcome their acrimonious labour impasse.
Utah Jazz Cancel Trip to Russia Over Security The NBA #39;s Utah Jazz have canceled their trip to Moscow to play Russian champions CSKA, citing security concerns, the army club said Friday.
A Russia less safe and less free The terrorists, whose unspeakably malevolent takeover of a Russian schoolhouse resulted in the deaths of 330 children, teachers and parents, have succeeded in at least one respect.
Kidnapped Briton named The family of Kenneth Bigley, the British engineer who was kidnapped by gunmen from his house in Baghdad this week, has issued a desperate plea for his safe return.
US looking at uniform issue WASHINGTON: The United States said it was aware of the announcement that Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf would stay on as head of the armed forces and the countrys president at the same time, according to an Online report and said it would look 
FAO Warns of Locust Plague, If Funds Not Provided for Eradication &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The Food and Agriculture Organization (FAO) says more funds are essential to combat locust swarms that are devastating crops in West Africa, and warns failure to act quickly, could result in a regional plague by the end of the year.
Technology Rules in 'World of Tomorrow' (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - You'd better hope your computer doesn't break down today. There's a good bet nobody will be around to fix it. That's because every self-respecting geek with  #36;10 and a pulse will be queuing up to see "Sky Captain and the World of Tomorrow," the slick new live-action blockbuster that forgoes sets and locations in favor of purely computer-generated backdrops.
Jets' Josh Evans Out With Back Injury (AP) AP - Jets defensive tackle Josh Evans is out for Sunday's game against the San Diego Chargers with a back injury.
Putin Threatens Preventive Terror Actions (AP) AP - President Vladimir Putin said Friday the Kremlin was preparing to take preventive action against terrorists, even as a Chechen rebel leader purportedly claimed responsibility for a series of attacks that killed hundreds of people and threatened more violence.
Japanese financial authorities crack down on Citibank (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - TOKYO (AP) - Japanese financial authorities announced Friday they would shut down Citibank's private banking business in the country after finding "severe legal violations" in its operations.
Mayer Tops Ferrer in Romania Open Upset (AP) AP - Florian Mayer beat defending champion David Ferrer 6-4, 6-2 Friday in the quarterfinals of the Romania Open.
Ignorance Is Slavery We are at war with Iraq. We have always been at war with Iraq.  This is the first time I've read 1984 all the way to the end, and I finally understand it, and why it's so important. Winston lost entirely, and it was the most complete loss that is possible. This was important, because it sticks in the mind.  Ironically, Orwell understood how to manipulate people's emotions, but he used this knowledge for the good of us all. 
Canada, the Polite Country Prime Minister Paul Martin swore on live television yesterday, apparently frustrated with the progress of a meeting with the provincial ministers over the future of Canada's straining health care system.    During a break in the proceedings, Martin's aunt telephoned him and threatened to   wash his mouth out with soap for using the Lord's name in vain.    When the meeting resumed, Martin apologized to the nation.
The Positive Side of Possis Check on the valuation of a badly wounded stock, based on latest earnings.
Broncos Penalized Again for Salary Cap Violations The penalties imposed Thursday on the Denver Broncos for violations of the league's rules regarding the disclosure of deferred compensation to players and the salary cap were the second sanctions against the team for similar infractions in less than three years.
ViewPoints: Unfriendly skies Nothing was supposed to happen on the way into talks this week between Boeing and Airbus over subsidies - and not much did. The two sides growled at each other in Brussels, but they left open-ended the future 
Circuit City Cuts Loss, Stock Soars Circuit City Stores Inc. (CC.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Friday reported a narrower quarterly loss as it kept a tight rein on expenses and sales of digital televisions 
UAL gets 30-day extension of court exclusivity A bankruptcy court judge on Friday granted United Airlines (UALAQ.OB: Quote, Profile, Research) another 30-day extension to file its reorganization plan.
Mozilla Hot on Explorer #39;s Tail a little -- while would-be rival Mozilla gains. A new report says the number of Web visitors using IE dropped from 
Deaf Kids in Nicaragua Give Birth to New Language Deaf children thrown together in a school in Nicaragua without any type of formal instruction invented their own sign language -- a sophisticated 
Teen accused of making threats about school, possessing weapons A 17-year-old was arrested after authorities received a tip that he was making threats in an online chat room about his high school, fellow students and an 
Jaguar gives up on Formula One London, England (Sports Network) - Jaguar Racing made the announcement on Friday that it would no longer be competing in the series at the end of the 2004 season.
Oscar De La Hoya Has It Just as Ali overshadowed two greats in Joe Frazier and George Foreman, Mike Tyson did the same to Evander Holyfield and Lennox Lewis.
France backs Annan on  #39;illegal #39; Iraq war PARIS, Sept 17 (AFP) - France on Friday backed UN Secretary General Kofi Annan #39;s description of the US-led war on Iraq as  quot;illegal quot;, with Foreign Minister Michel Barnier saying that long-held stance was why his country had opposed joining the conflict.
Nigerian Police Say Dozens Killed in Oil Pipeline Explosion Police in Nigeria say dozens of people were killed in an explosion at an oil pipeline on the outskirts of the commercial capital, Lagos.
Family of Iraq Hostage Urges Release (AP) AP - The government on Friday identified the British engineer who was kidnapped in Baghdad with two American colleagues, and the victim's family urged his captors to free him.
U.S. Official Witnesses Sudan Attack (AP) AP - A U.S. aid chief got a firsthand look at the anger among Darfur's beleaguered population Friday, when residents of a refugee camp beat up a government worker who tried to stop them from complaining to the visiting diplomat.
Qualcomm May Change Accounting,Shares Off (Reuters) Reuters - Qualcomm Inc. , a maker of\chips used in mobile phones, on Friday said it may change the\way it recognizes royalties from licensees, which would reduce\fourth-quarter pretax income by  #36;298 million.
Kuznetsova Moves Into Bali Semifinals (AP) AP - U.S. Open champion Svetlana Kuznetsova moved into the semifinals of the Wismilak International with a 7-5, 6-1 victory over Angelique Widjaja on Friday.
U.S. Stocks Up, Ford Boosts Gains  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. blue chips advanced on Friday  after Ford Motor Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=F.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;F.N&lt;/A&gt; raised its earnings forecasts, while  wireless technology provider Qualcomm Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=QCOM.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;QCOM.O&lt;/A&gt; checked  gains on Nasdaq after saying an accounting review may reduce  pretax income.
Qualcomm May Change Accounting,Shares Off  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Qualcomm Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=QCOM.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;QCOM.O&lt;/A&gt;, a maker of  chips used in mobile phones, on Friday said it may change the  way it recognizes royalties from licensees, which would reduce  fourth-quarter pretax income by \$298 million.
Circuit City Cuts Quarterly Loss,Stock Up  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Circuit City Stores Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=CC.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;CC.N&lt;/A&gt; on  Friday reported a narrower quarterly loss as it kept a tight  rein on expenses and sales of digital televisions and notebook  computers rose, sending its stock up 5 percent.
Japan closes Citigroup branches Japanese regulators shut four branches of Citigroup's private banking operations for breaking the law. 
Iraq Airways heads past borders Iraqi Airways is reportedly planning to restart international flights after a 14-year break on Saturday.
Michaels Splits, Doesn't Fray The arts and crafts retailer doesn't need to bend over backward to impress investors.
Diplomat: Nukes Not Cause of Korea Blast BEIJING - A diplomat who visited the site of a huge explosion in North Korea said Friday he saw no evidence it was caused by a nuclear test, and South Korean officials said mushroom-shaped plume thought to be from the blast may have instead been a natural cloud formation.    The extremely secretive North allowed diplomats from seven countries to the site to prove its contention that the Sept...
Update 4: Circuit City Narrows Second-Quarter Loss Circuit City Stores Inc., the nation #39;s No. 2 consumer electronics chain, reported a smaller-than-anticipated loss in the second quarter due to higher sales and fewer charges related to the sale of its bank-card business.
Jaguar Jobs Losses  #39;Sad But Expected #39; Workers, local people, councillors and MPs today expressed their disappointment that hundreds of jobs are to go at Jaguars Browns Lane in Coventry.
Update 3: Japan Shutting Down Citibank Operations Japanese financial authorities announced Friday they would shut down Citibank #39;s private banking business in the country after finding  quot;severe legal violations quot; in its operations.
Alpharma Gets Court OK for Gabapentin Alpharma Inc. said Friday that a federal court dropped an order preventing the generic drug maker from launching its version of Pfizer Inc.
Many Swedes Say OK to Skip Work if Tired In a country already plagued by skyrocketing sick leave costs, a new survey found that 40 percent of the population thinks it #39;s acceptable to skip work because they feel tired or have trouble getting along with their colleagues.
AOL, Microsoft Spar on Spam It wasn #39;t long ago that competitive entities seemed to be joining together to combat Internet users #39; common foe, spam. However, despite the fact that big Internet players 
Ford Pulling Jaguar Team Out of Auto Racing US automaker Ford says it is pulling its Jaguar Formula One team out of the auto racing circuit at the end of this season. Jaguar #39;s chairman said the company does not believe it makes business sense to continue operating in Formula One.
Suicide Car Bomb in Baghdad; US Pounds Falluja A suicide car bomber killed at least eight people in an attack on a police checkpoint in Baghdad on Friday, after a night of US air strikes around the rebel-held city of Falluja that killed scores.
FAO Warns of Locust Plague in Africa The Food and Agriculture Organization (FAO) says more funds are essential to combat locust swarms that are devastating crops in West Africa, and warns failure to act quickly, could result in a regional plague by the end of the year.
Alcatel to buy wireless, conferencing companies French networking gear maker offers \$250 million for Spatial Wireless and \$27 million for eDial.\
US Consumer Confidence Falls in University Survey (Update4) US consumer confidence unexpectedly fell for a second month in September, tempered by slack job growth and near-record gasoline prices.
Update 1: Higher Ticket Prices Spur Carnival Profit Carnival Corp.  amp; plc, the world #39;s largest cruise company, reported Friday that higher ticket prices and onboard sales propelled third-quarter earnings up 40 percent to its best three-month results ever.
Japan Shuts Citigroup Private Bank Unit Japan on Friday ordered Citigroup Inc. (CN: Quote, Profile, Research) to close its Japanese private banking offices after uncovering a series of 
Fight over Vector goes to court Late last night, the High Court was hearing an application to sack three members of Vector #39;s owner, the Auckland Energy Consumer Trust, following an earlier breakaway meeting on a deal to partially privatise the company.
Spammer  #39;bounty hunters #39; will need rewards of up to \$2,50,000: FTC WASHINGTON: The US government should be prepared to spend freely if it decides to encourage  quot;bounty hunters quot; to track down e-mail spammers, the US Federal Trade Commission said.
Flash memory market to continue growth, researcher finds LONDON - The mobile phone market for flash memory is becoming more competitive with the intense fight among NOR-type flash makers now expanding to include NAND-type flash producers, market researchers iSuppli Corp.
NBA cancels Jazz #39;s exhibition trip to Moscow The NBA on Friday canceled the Utah Jazz #39;s exhibition game in Russia next month, citing security concerns. The league and the Jazz hope to reschedule the game for possibly next preseason 
Six held after Jakarta bombing Indonesian police hunting those responsible for last week #39;s deadly bombing at the Australian Embassy in Jakarta said yesterday they had detained six people who might be linked to militants behind the attack.
Somalian Parliament to Return Home After 2 Years of Peace Talks The Somali peace process that began in Kenya two years ago could soon come to a close. Somalia #39;s new parliament, which is sitting in Kenya #39;s capital, Nairobi, is on the verge of selecting a president, and 
5 EU Countries Agree to Set Up Paramilitary Police Force Five European Union countries have signed an agreement creating an EU paramilitary force to assist in international peacekeeping missions.
Napster Receives New Life As Public Firm (AP) AP - Call it the kitty's third life. Roxio Inc. bought the Napster brand name and feline logo at a bankruptcy auction two years ago and with the acquisition of another music service, pressplay, relaunched the once-renegade file-swapping pioneer as a legal music service last October.
Alabama State, Pine Bluff Game Postponed (AP) AP - Alabama State postponed Saturday's game with Arkansas-Pine Bluff because of power outages at the stadium due to Hurricane Ivan.
Progress Software Avoids Crash and Burn (The Motley Fool) The Motley Fool - Progress Software (Nasdaq: PRGS - News) is making, well, lots of progress in the tough enterprise software market. After all, another enterprise developer, Lawson (Nasdaq: LWSN - News), saw its shares plunge 12 on its warning for its fiscal first-quarter results.
Sutton Keeps Faith with Woods and Mickelson  BLOOMFIELD HILLS, Michigan (Reuters) - U.S. captain Hal  Sutton kept faith with Tiger Woods and Phil Mickelson and  returned them straight to the Ryder Cup fray despite their  morning fourballs defeat Friday.
Serbian PM snubs Hague tribunal The Serbian PM insists his country's courts should try war crimes suspects wanted by the tribunal in The Hague.
EDS Grounded Too? wait for it -- is a landlubber. Thursday, services firm EDS (NYSE: EDS) said the bankruptcy filing by US Airways could cut 
Cooper Tire deals unit for \$1.7B Cooper Tire and Rubber Co. has agreed to sell its Cooper-Standard Automotive unit for just shy of \$1.7 billion to a partnership between Goldman Sachs Capital Partners and The Cypress Group.
Greenback gains broadly ahead of Fed meeting CHICAGO (CBS.MW) - The US dollar #39;s biggest gain came against its Canadian counterpart on Friday, as Canadian inflation data raised doubts about the scope of interest-rate hikes there.
Charter Loses Another Top Exec Charter Communications (CHTR:Nasdaq - news - research) lost its second top executive in a month Friday with the resignation of operating chief Maggie Bellville.
Firefox on the hunt Web metrics suggest that the software giant #39;s Internet Explorer has been losing a significant number of users in the past nine months to open-source browser Mozilla and its offspring, Firefox.
Canadian companies to build sensor for NASA telescope Two Canadian companies will help build a key component of the nest telescope of US National Aeronautic and Space Administration (NASA), Canadian Space Agency said in a press release Friday.
Already running on our news wire Racing supremo Bernie Ecclestone today described the withdrawal of Jaguar from Formula One as no surprise. The struggling team #39;s future was in doubt after fears that it had struggled to find the money needed to compete in the cash-driven sport.
Musharraf not decided on quitting army post: US WASHINGTON: The United States says that Pakistan President Pervez Musharraf would continue to move his country towards democratic reforms but has yet to take a decision on quitting as army chief.
Panthers Lose Davis to Knee Injury (AP) AP - Panthers running back Stephen Davis will miss Sunday's game at Kansas City because of swelling in his knee that could sideline him two to five weeks.
Moscow fumes as Utah Jazz pulls out of NBA date (AFP) AFP - Russian basketball champions CSKA Moscow said they were disappointed that NBA giants Utah Jazz had pulled out off a planned exhibition match here because of security fears.
Australia Fights Biggest Locust Plague in Decades (Reuters) Reuters - Australia has started\battling its biggest plague of locusts in decades as billions\of the insects hatch along a wide front covering much of the\country's central east region.
Oil Surges on Storm, Supply Concerns  NEW YORK (Reuters) - World oil prices surged nearly \$2 on  Friday on worries the stormy season in the Gulf of Mexico would  continue to hamper energy production and imports, delaying  vital stock building ahead of the coming winter months.
U.S. Accuses U.N. of Dragging Feet Over Locusts (Reuters) Reuters - The United States accused the U.N.\agriculture body Friday of mismanaging the locust crisis\afflicting vast swathes of West Africa.
US Stocks Up Slightly After Ford Forecast  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. blue chips edged higher on   Friday after Ford Motor Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=F.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;F.N&lt;/A&gt; raised its earnings  forecasts, but wireless technology provider Qualcomm Inc.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=QCOM.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;QCOM.O&lt;/A&gt; held back the Nasdaq after saying an accounting review  may reduce pretax income.  
China's Energy Crisis Blankets Hong Kong in Smog (Reuters) Reuters - To gaze across Hong Kong's harbor at\the city's glittering skyscrapers and soaring peaks is to take\in one of the world's most spectacular urban vistas.
House GOP to Reject 9/11 Recommendation (AP) AP - House Republicans plan to follow President Bush's lead and reject the Sept. 11 commission's recommendation to strip the Pentagon of control over its spy shops in favor of a new national intelligence director with hiring, firing and spending control.
Alpharma Says Pfizer Drug Generic Cleared  NEW YORK (Reuters) - A federal appeals court has cleared  the way for Alpharma Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=ALO.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;ALO.N&lt;/A&gt; to launch a generic form of  Pfizer Inc's &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=PFE.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;PFE.N&lt;/A&gt; Neurontin capsules to treat epilepsy,  sending Alpharma shares sharply higher.
Nigerian Police Say Dozens Killed in Pipeline Blast  LAGOS (Reuters) - Dozens of people were killed in a  petroleum pipeline explosion in Nigeria's commercial capital  Lagos, police said Friday.
Hizbollah, Israel to Conclude Prisoner Swap-Paper  MUSCAT (Reuters) - Lebanon's Hizbollah guerrilla group has  provided Israel with information on the fate of a missing  Israeli airman, a move that will finalize prisoner exchange  talks within weeks, a Omani newspaper said on Friday.
Ford Raises Earnings and Unveils New Plan for Jaguar The company raised its third-quarter earnings guidance today and unveiled a restructuring plan for its Jaguar division.
Trump Stumps Chump Episode two of The Apprentice heats up with a cool treat and a surprise ego boot.
Qualcomm's Crystal Ball Gets Hazy The ability to predict the future is getting tougher, even for a market leader like Qualcomm.
Progress Software Avoids Crash and Burn Progress Software produces results in a tough market, but investors really don't care.
Suicide Bomber Targets Baghdad Police BAGHDAD, Iraq - A suicide attacker detonated a car bomb by police on a Baghdad bridge, and U.S. troops foiled a second suicide vehicle bombing in attacks Friday that killed at least five people and wounding at least 21...
House GOP to Reject 9/11 Recommendation WASHINGTON - House Republicans plan to follow President Bush's lead and reject the Sept. 11 commission's recommendation to strip the Pentagon of control over its spy shops in favor of a new national intelligence director with hiring, firing and spending control...
Diplomat: Nukes Not Cause of Korea Blast BEIJING - Video footage of the area where North Korea said a huge explosion occurred showed dozens of workers swarming around a dusty construction site resembling a large dam project, while a foreign diplomat who visited the site said Friday he found no sign the blast was nuclear.    South Korea, meanwhile, said a mushroom-shaped plume thought to be from the Sept...
Chechen Warlord Claims Responsibility for Siege In an Internet posting, a Chechen warlord with a \$10 million bounty on his head has apparently claimed responsibility for the Beslan school siege and promised more attacks on Russian civilians if Chechnya is not granted independence.
Qualcomm #39;s Crystal Ball Gets Hazy Wireless technology kingpin Qualcomm (Nasdaq: QCOM) issued revised guidance today, slightly increasing its expected fourth-quarter revenue and earnings along with full fiscal-year financials.
Alcatel to buy wireless, conferencing companies Networking gear maker Alcatel on Friday announced acquisition plans for a pair of US companies to help it gain access to wireless and collaboration technologies.
IMF board OKs Argentine repayment delay-IMF source The International Monetary Fund board on Friday agreed to a request by Argentina to reschedule \$1 billion in loan repayments, IMF sources said on condition of anonymity.
Indictments issued in software scam case A federal grand jury has indicted 11 people for conspiring to distribute nearly \$31 million worth of bootlegged software programs.
ATI annuncia nuova tecnologia  quot;HyperMemory quot; Con il comunicato stampa che trovate qui sotto, ATI ha annunciato  quot;HyperMemory quot; una tecnologia che grazie a particolari algoritmi consente un veloce scambio di dati tra la scheda grafica e la memoria ram di sistema.
Tiger and Phil fail first test His superstar pairing of Phil Mickelson and Tiger Woods 2-down through six holes Friday morning, US captain Hal Sutton hardly seemed like the picture of concern.
Jaguar to be withdrawn and sold Motorsport.com. Ford has announced that Jaguar will be withdrawn from Formula One at the end of the 2004 season and the F1 business will be put up for sale.
Panthers RB Davis to undergo knee surgery CHARLOTTE, North Carolina (Ticker) -- Already without speed receiver Steve Smith for at least two months, the Carolina Panthers now must go without three-time Pro Bowl running back Stephen Davis for at least the next few weeks.
SAFIN AND SRICHAPHAN PROGRESS With the top seeds tumbling, Marat Safin and Paradorn Srichaphan both advanced into the semi-finals of the inaugural China Open on Friday with solid wins.
Jazz trip to Moscow canceled because of security concerns The Utah Jazz #39;s exhibition game in Russia next month was canceled by the NBA on Friday because of security concerns. The league and the Jazz hope to reschedule the game for possibly next preseason, but with 
NI talks reach  #39;moment of decision #39;: Blair British Prime Tony Blair arrived today for critical Northern Ireland peace talks and declared:  quot;This really is the moment of decision for us.
Somalis to elect crucial post The newly inaugurated Somali parliament is due to elect the speaker of the transitional assembly later on Wednesday. Twelve members of parliament have expressed interest in the position.
Boeing may join Microsoft in EU antitrust fight Aircraft giant may argue against European antitrust regulators' order to make Microsoft give secrets to rivals.
Oracle hopes for big splash with Tsunami Database giant expected to launch content management competitor to products from IBM and Microsoft this year.
Cisco gives Linksys rebate to the upwardly mobile People can get a 100 percent cash rebate on certain Linksys gear when they trade up to higher-end Cisco products.
UPDATE 2-Alpharma says court clears generic of Pfizer drug A federal appeals court has cleared the way for Alpharma Inc. (ALO.N: Quote, Profile, Research) to launch a generic form of Pfizer Inc #39;s (PFE.
Bush May See Cabinet Exodus if Re-Elected (AP) AP - Nearly all the senior officials who came to office with President Bush still are on the job. But a big exodus and a Cabinet reshuffling seem likely if he wins a second term.
Iran Nuclear Enrichment Freeze Offer a Ploy - U.S.  VIENNA (Reuters) - Iran said on Friday it might extend a  partial freeze on uranium enrichment in order to ease Western  fears about its nuclear ambitions, but a senior U.S. official  dismissed this as a ploy to fend off tough U.N. action.
Circuit City #39;s Improving Two weeks ago, we got to see a glimpse of Circuit City #39;s (NYSE: CC) second-quarter numbers when the electronics retailer pre-announced that sales had ticked up nearly 9 to \$2.
Big Blue Turns Green with Grid Computing Deal IBM (Quote, Chart) revealed a number of supercomputing projects from its Deep Computing unit, which should whet the appetites of those following the 12th Global Grid Forum (GGF) in Brussels, Belgium, next week.
TXU agrees to fine for ads DALLAS TXU Energy has agreed to pay a 530-thousand dollar fine over misleading advertisements about its electric rates. The proposed settlement is with the Public Utility Commission in Austin.
AOL Dumps Microsoft #39;s Spam Filter Standard AOL will continue to include Sender ID data in outgoing mail to enable ISPs and others that use it to identify where messages originate.
ATI takes another look at shared memory ATI today said that it will develop a new approach to use system memory rather than more dedicated memory on its graphics card. HyperMemory will use PCI Express 
Oracle to Splash ECM Market with  #39;Tsunami #39; It #39;s no secret that Oracle (Quote, Chart) has been considering a dip in the enterprise content management well, especially after companies like Microsoft (Quote, Chart), IBM (Quote, Chart) and EMC (Quote, Chart) made such a splash in the sector over the 
Different date, same story Anyone who hoped the decision to move this year #39;s Wales Rally GB from its usual place on the World Rally Championship calendar would result in easier and safer driving conditions had a rude awakening on the first full day #39;s competing.
Auburn, Alabama games will be played as scheduled Officials at both schools decided Friday morning to go ahead with their home football games. They had considered postponing the games because of the damage left behind by Hurricane Ivan.
Cats pack heat against Wisconsin TUCSON, Ariz. (U-WIRE) -- If the Arizona football team (1-1) wants any shot at defeating No. 17 Wisconsin (2-0) Saturday afternoon, it #39;s going to have to turn up the heat.
George just waiting for another chance At last glance, the rather motley roll call of No. 2 quarterbacks in the NFL included at least one repeat drug offender, a self-confessed recovering alcoholic who once abandoned his team 
UN Watchdog: No Sign of Iran Nuclear Activity at New Site VIENNA, Sept 17 - The UN nuclear watchdog has found no signs of nuclear-related activity at a site in Iran called Parchin that several US officials have said may be linked to secret atom bomb research, Mohamed ElBaradei said on Friday.
Swedish ambassador says diplomats in North Korean saw no sign of &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Video footage of the area where North Korea said a huge explosion occurred showed dozens of workers swarming around a dusty construction site resembling a large dam project, while a foreign diplomat who visited the site said Friday he found no sign the 
Italy calls time on Libya embargo Italian Interior Minister Giuseppe Pisanu says Italy is ready to lift EU sanctions on Libya unilaterally if the whole EU fails to do so next week.
Turkey Rejects Criticism on Adultery Plan (AP) AP - The Turkish prime minister harshly rejected European Union criticism Friday over a proposal to outlaw adultery and hinted the government might press forward with the ban despite warnings it could jeopardize Turkey's entry into the bloc.
Looking for the Exit Sign (Forbes.com) Forbes.com - At 42, Nicholas Gerber is a little too young to retire, but he is already thinking about how to sell the business he started nine years ago. It's the management company for Ameristock Mutual Fund, which has attracted  #36;1.8 billion with a stellar record: up 14 a year since 1995, five points more than the market average. His style is to buy out-of-favor blue chips like Sara Lee, Merck and Bank of America, and hold. Turnover is tiny at 5 a year.
IRA Adventures (Forbes.com) Forbes.com - Peter Frankling tapped an unusual source to fund his new business, which makes hot-dog-shaped ice cream treats known as Cool Dogs: Two investors, one a friend and the other a professional venture capitalist, put in more than  #36;100,000 each from their Individual Retirement Accounts. Later Franklin added  #36;150,000 from his own IRA.
Ducks to Take Aim at No. 2 Oklahoma (AP) AP - Oregon lost its season opener and dropped out of the Top 25 thanks mostly to its own mistakes.
Europe Dominates U.S. at Start of Ryder Cup For Europe, it was a glorious start to the 35th Ryder Cup. For the United States, it was a nightmare.
Progress, But No Breakthrough, at N.Irish Talks  LEEDS CASTLE, England (Reuters) - Northern Ireland's  feuding political leaders reported progress but no breakthrough  on Friday at talks aimed at brokering a deal which would see  the Irish Republican Army (IRA) effectively disband.
Wal-Mart backs targets despite Ivan Retailer expects September same-store sales to be on track despite devastation of the hurricane. NEW YORK (Reuters) - Wal-Mart Stores Inc.
RIM BlackBerry 7100v goes to Vodafone RIM #39;s new 7100 design is now coming to Vodafone, complete with their new SureType keyboard for more space-efficient typing. Research In Motion #39;s latest BlackBerry 
United States #39; Illegal Occupation of Iraq United Nations Secretary General Kofi Annan #39;s statement that the Bush administration #39;s decision to go to war in Iraq was illegal because it didn #39;t have the Security Council #39;s approval should have been made before the invasion.
US jet fires at house where insurgents believed to be meeting An American jet fired a missile at a house where about 10 members of an al-Qaida-linked group were believed to be meeting in the Sunni insurgent stronghold of Fallujah on Friday, police and the US military said.
ATI Announces HyperMemory (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - Canada's ATI Technologies (Nasdaq: ATYT) has announced a memory technology that cuts PC system costs by using system memory for graphics processing.
Fact and Comment (Forbes.com) Forbes.com - The stock market in 2004 has been, at best, treading water. Yet presidential election years are supposed to see equities rise. This one will be no exception. Stocks often go up in rapid bursts. As people grasp that President Bush will indeed be reelected, the market will experience a sharp rally. Expect the S amp;P 500 to end the year well above 1250, up at least 12 from year-end 2003.
Irish Look to Top Michigan State on Sat. (AP) AP - It'll take more than last week's victory over a highly ranked opponent to restore Notre Dame's lost luster. That makes Saturday's game at Michigan State a big one for the Fighting Irish.
Software Sting Leads to Arrests, Seizures of Pirated Goods (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - After a two-year investigation, U.S. law enforcement officials have disrupted one of the largest software piracy operations in the United States with the arrest of 11 suspects in California, Washington and Texas. In the raid, FBI agents seized pirated applications valued as high as US #36;87 million, according to the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Central District of California.
Martin to push for better African peacekeeping force in first speech to UN (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - OTTAWA (CP) - Prime Minister Paul Martin will push for an effective African peacekeeping force to deal with problems like the crisis in Sudan when he speaks to the United Nations next week.
National Semiconductor Offers 'Trusted' Chip (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - IBM (NYSE: IBM) is the first personal computer maker to install National Semiconductor's (NYSE: NSM) SafeKeeper Trusted technology, which protects security data using specially designed chips, on selected models of its PCs.
U.S. Stocks Rise, But Oil Surges Again  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Stocks rose on Friday after Ford Motor  Co. raised its earnings forecasts, but wireless technology  provider Qualcomm Inc. held back gains on the Nasdaq after  saying an accounting review may reduce pretax income.
Colorado Campus Bans Beer Sales at Stadium  DENVER (Reuters) - Colorado State University, plagued by  drinking binges that led to the death of a student and a  weekend of rioting, has banned all beer sales at the football  stadium starting with the homecoming game this weekend,  officials said on Friday.
Nexen restoring Gulf Mexico production after hurricane-linked &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; CALGARY (CP) - Nexen Inc. is restoring its deep-water oil production in the Gulf of Mexico after hurricane Ivan blew through and caused no significant damage to the Calgary-based firm #39;s oil rigs.
August inflation rate drops to 1.9 per cent from 2.3 per cent in &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; OTTAWA (CP) - More moderate gasoline prices at the pump and less expensive cars and trucks helped to slow the annual rise in inflation to 1.9 per cent in August, Statistics Canada said Friday.
IBM in Discussions on Issues in Pension Suit IBM, in the latest turn in a pension plan case that could reverberate through the Fortune 500, said on Friday it is in talks to resolve some of the issues in a lawsuit that could cost Big Blue billions of dollars.
Alcatel expands US presence with two acquisitions worth \$277mn NEW YORK, September 17 (newratings.com) - Alcatel (ALA.NYS) has expanded its operations and presence in the core North American telecommunication market with two separate acquisitions for about \$277 million.
Judge cuts Microsoft fees to \$100 m SEATTLE: A San Francisco judge ordered Microsoft Corp to pay lawyers involved in its \$1.1 billion class action settlement \$100 million in legal fees, less than half of the original fees they requested, company officials said.
Cingular handset talks to users Cingular Wireless is offering a software application intended to help the visually impaired make full use of their cell phones. The Talks application, which works only with the Nokia 6620 phone, converts menus 
Specialty Foods, General Donlee funds sink on suspended or cut &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; TORONTO (CP) - Non-energy income trusts are disappointing investors, with two more cutting or suspending their cash distributions to unitholders this week and causing the value of their units to plummet.
FTC Assesses Bounty System for Catching Spammers The FTC today issued a report assessing whether and how a system that rewards members of the public for tracking down spammers would or could help improve enforcement of the Controlling the Assault of Non-Solicited Pornography and Marketing Act of 2002 
Amazon Offers Discount to A9 Search Users Online retailer Amazon.com Inc. (AMZN.O: Quote, Profile, Research) is offering a 1.57 percent shopping discount to registered users of its new A9 Web search service as a way to increase 
Europeans dominate morning Ryder Cup matches Bloomfield Hills, MI (Sports Network) - Colin Montgomerie teamed with Padraig Harrington Friday morning to defeat Tiger Woods and Phil Mickelson 2  amp; 1 to the lead European squad to a 3 1/2 - 1/2 lead after the morning fourball matches at the 35th Ryder Cup 
Women #39;s Tennis: Kuznetsova Set for Another Title After US Open Win Women #39;s US Open tennis champion Svetlana Kuznetsova of Russia is one step closer to another title. Her match-winning streak reached eight Friday with a quarterfinal win at the Wismilak International tournament in Bali, Indonesia.
Villeneuve to Drive Final Races for Renault Formula One champion Jacques Villeneuve of Canada will drive for Renault for the final three races of this season. Villeneuve, who has not raced in Formula One this season, will debut for Renault this month at the Chinese Grand Prix in Shanghai.
Panthers #39; back Davis out up to 5 weeks with knee injury The bad news keeps piling up on the Carolina Panthers, who learned yesterday that running back Stephen Davis will be sidelined up to five weeks by a knee injury that required arthroscopic surgery.
No Jazz in Russia New York, NY (Sports Network) - The NBA has decided to postpone the pre-season game the Utah Jazz were scheduled to play in Russia because of security concerns.
Auburn, LSU will play Saturday Following consultation with state government, emergency management officials, and Southeastern Conference representatives, Auburn University announced at 9:30 am Friday that the Sept.
Riley, Cink score for US team Riley and Stewart Cink halved their Friday morning four-ball match with the Europes Paul McGinley and Luke Donald when Riley saved par with a six-foot putt on the 18th hole.
Bush: Kerry Proposals Will Hurt Economy WASHINGTON - President Bush renewed his criticism of rival John Kerry's domestic proposals Friday as his campaign prepared a new television ad warning that liberals in Congress would join Kerry in harming job growth and the economy by raising taxes on small businesses.   "To make sure the economy continues to grow, we'll be wise about how we spend the money - the people's money...
Bullish Ford Outlook Nudges Stocks Higher NEW YORK - A bullish profit outlook from Ford Motor Co. sent stocks moderately higher Friday as investors looked past a disappointing report on consumer sentiment and a big rise in oil prices...
Red Sox, Yankees Renew Rivalry at Stadium (AP) AP - The last time the Boston Red Sox visited Yankee Stadium, Derek Jeter was hurtling headfirst into the stands, Nomar Garciaparra was sulking in the dugout and New York was pulling away in the AL East. A lot has changed since then.
Groups Holds Northern Ireland Peace Talks (AP) AP - A deal taking shape Friday in negotiations on Northern Ireland's future would require the outlawed Irish Republican Army to resume disarmament and issue a new statement that, for the first time, would definitively renounce violence.
Official: Athletes Were Tested for Hormone (AP) AP - Athletes were tested for human growth hormone for the first time during the Athens Olympics, World Anti-Doping Agency chief Dick Pound said Friday.
FileMaker Server 7 Advanced ships (MacCentral) MacCentral - Apple subsidiary FileMaker Inc. announced Monday that it is shipping FileMaker Server 7 Advanced, the version of its server software that incorporates advanced Web publishing and connectivity features. FileMaker Server 7 Advanced can host up to 100 Web-based clients and 250 desktop clients, and features connectivity to XML, ODBC and JDBC-based data sources. FileMaker Server 7 Advanced also features "Custom Web Publishing" which enables users to deploy data-driven Web sites using Web design tools like Macromedia Dreamweaver MX, through a built-in Site Assistant wizard.
Sudanese forces say they have no orders to disarm militias: Amnesty (AFP) AFP - Sudanese security forces in Darfur are claiming they have no orders to disarm pro-government militias blamed for atrocities in the region, the head of rights group Amnesty International said.
Turkey's prime minister rejects European Union's criticism amid adultery spat (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - ISTANBUL, Turkey (AP) - The Turkish prime minister harshly rejected European Union criticism Friday over a proposal to outlaw adultery and hinted the government might press forward with the ban despite warnings it could jeopardize Turkey's entry into the bloc.
Woods, Mickelson Inspire U.S. Ryder Cup Comeback  By Mark Lamport-Stokes  BLOOMFIELD HILLS, Michigan (Reuters) - Tiger Woods and Phil  Mickelson inspired a United States comeback in the Ryder Cup  foursomes Friday, quickly moving three up on Europeans Darren  Clarke and Lee Westwood.
Ryder Cup Fans Quick to Take Sides  BLOOMFIELD HILLS, Michigan (Reuters) - After a week of  being charmed by golfers in practice, Ryder Cup fans were quick  to take sides Friday as the United States and Europe resumed  golf's greatest grudge match.
Bush author says White House applying pressure over book (AFP) AFP - Writer Kitty Kelley has accused the White House of putting pressure on her and the US media over the new biography on the family of President George W. Bush
Do You Deserve More Credit? Sometimes you should say "no" when your lender gives you more room to spend.
Friend #39;s E-mail: Your E-mail: LSU football head coach Nick Saban spoke with members of the media after practice Wednesday. BATON ROUGE -- With one eye on Hurricane Ivan, LSU continued to prepare for Saturday #39;s contest against 14th-ranked 
Putin accuses West President Vladimir Putin has accused the West of indulging terrorists, just hours after a Chechen warlord claimed responsibility for a wave of deadly attacks in Russia and threatened more.
Northern Ireland talks grind on through night LEEDS CASTLE, England : Talks to restore home rule to Northern Ireland ground on as British Prime Minister Tony Blair and Ireland #39;s Bertie Ahern pushed rival Catholic and Protestant parties toward a lasting peace deal.
Megawati behind in pre-election polls Indonesian Incumbent President Megawati Sukarnoputri believes she can win next week #39;s run-off vote. Most opinion polls, however, show former army general, Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono 
New law will be milder than Pota NEW DELHI: The ordinance to withdraw Pota was approved by the Cabinet on Friday.  quot;I would want to know if the amended Unlawful Activities (Prevention) Act would incorporate all these anti-terror provisions, quot; BJP general secretary Arun Jaitley said.
US accuses UN of dragging feet over locusts The United States accused the UN agriculture body on Friday of mismanaging the locust crisis afflicting vast swathes of West Africa.
Cooper sells auto parts business Cooper Tire and Rubber Co. said Friday it agreed to sell an automotive parts business to two buyout firms for about \$1.17 billion, the latest private equity purchase in the sector.
Firefox Threatens IE in the Browser Market Mozilla is starting to pose a threat to Microsofts Internet Explorer after years of being the darling of a strange mix of AOL enthusiasts and techies.
Sign on to a new Microsoft standard? Why certainly, we #39;d love ... &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; So much for Microsoft #39;s Can-Spam proposal. Now you can add America Online to the growing list of ventures who #39;ve rejected a Microsoft-patent-encumbered and lawsuit-challenged anti-spam standard, Sender ID.
Jordan-Hare Stadium (87,451) LSU puts its 10-game winning streak on the line when the defending co-national champs face a difficult road test. Auburn has rolled in its opening two games against Louisiana-Monroe and Mississippi State, but the Tigers haven #39;t been tested.
Rain takes England-Lanka tie into second day UNI Southampton Sept 17: Rain interrupted a gripping contest between England and Sri Lanka in the Group D league match at the ICC Champions Trophy at the Rose Bowl here today.
Indonesians prepare to directly elect president for the first time Just days after yet another terrorist blast shook their confidence, Indonesians are looking forward to some good news Monday: Citizens in the world #39;s largest Muslim 
Bambang: If we lack credibility or integrity, we are worthless Bambang Harymurti showed no signs of being broken in spirit when a panel of judges at the Central Jakarta District Court found him guilty of libel and sentenced him to a year in prison on Thursday.
Europeans, U.S. agree on resolution to curb nuclear access at key UN meeting (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - VIENNA, Austria (AP) - The majority of countries at a key meeting of the UN atomic watchdog agency agreed Friday on the wording of a resolution meant to curb Iran's access to technology that could be used to make nuclear weapons and setting an indirect deadline on Tehran to meet their conditions.
Mitsubishi Injects Cash Into UFJ (AP) AP - Japanese banking giant Mitsubishi Tokyo Financial Group Inc. pumped the equivalent of  #36;6.4 billion into UFJ Holdings Inc., Japan's fourth biggest bank, Friday in a move designed to discourage a rival takeover.
Martin brushes off Romanow's criticism of Quebec side deal in health accord (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - KNOWLTON, Que. (CP) - Prime Minister Paul Martin brushed aside criticism on Friday from a former premier who said Quebec's side deal in a federal-provincial health accord could weaken the country.
Commentary: PeopleSoft: Ease The Inevitable (BusinessWeek Online) BusinessWeek Online - For more than a year, PeopleSoft Inc.  CEO Craig Conway has battled to prevent Oracle Corp.'s  Larry Ellison from grabbing his company in a hostile takeover. Now, Conway's spirited quest has absorbed a potentially fatal blow: On Sept. 9, U.S. District Court Judge Vaughn R. Walker ruled that the Justice Dept. had no grounds to block the acquisition. While the European Community could still stop it, the legal case for halting this shotgun wedding is looking weaker by the day.
U.S. Stocks End Up, Ford Gives a Lift  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Stocks rose on  Friday after Ford  Motor Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=F.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;F.N&lt;/A&gt; raised its earnings forecasts, but Qualcomm  Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=QCOM.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;QCOM.O&lt;/A&gt; limited advances on the Nasdaq after the wireless  technology provider said an accounting review may reduce its  pretax income and revenue.
D.C. Hotels Seek New Talks, File Complaint As a strike that could cripple the District's hospitality industry looms, employers offered to resume bargaining next week but also alleged to the NLRB that the union has not negotiated in good faith.
Saudi Religious Leaders Reject U.S. Criticism  JEDDAH, Saudi Arabia (Reuters) - Muslim leaders in Saudi  Arabia rejected Friday U.S. criticism of religious constraints  in the kingdom, saying the cradle of Islam had a duty to uphold  its own faith.
Sudan talks to end with no deal Talks between the Sudan government and Darfur rebels are ending with no deal on halting the fighting.
Is Ford Out of the Ditch? Plus, Qualcomm's hazy visibility, EDS is grounded, and no telling with Nortel.
Europe Routs U.S. to Start Ryder Cup Play BLOOMFIELD TOWNSHIP, Mich. - The United States sent out its Dream Team for the first match of the Ryder Cup, and it was all downhill from there...
Baghdad Violence Leaves at Least 52 Dead BAGHDAD, Iraq - A suicide car bomber slammed into a line of police cars sealing off a Baghdad neighborhood Friday as American troops rounded up dozens of suspected militants, including many foreign fighters, capping a day of violence across Iraq that left at least 52 dead.    The car bombing, which killed three people and wounded 23, was the second this week targeting the capital's beleaguered police forces...
Microsoft #39;s Linux Strategist Speaks Out Beyond mapping out a strategy to take on Novell, Microsoft is putting an enormous amount of effort into its  quot;get out the facts quot; campaign, which makes direct comparisons of Linux costs and Windows pricing.
Identity Theft Suspect Pleads Guilty A man charged in one of the largest identity theft scams in US history pleaded guilty to charges of conspiracy, wire fraud, and fraud in connection with identity documents this week.
New Iomega Wireless Servers Bring New Features  amp; Flexibility to &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; SAN DIEGO, Sept. 16 /PRNewswire-FirstCall/ -- Iomega Corporation , a global leader in data storage, today announced the release of the new Iomega(R) NAS 100d entry-level network-attached storage (NAS) server.
Auto Stocks Fall Despite Ford Outlook Despite a strong profit outlook from Ford Motor Co., shares of automotive stocks moved mostly lower Friday on concerns sales for the industry might not be as strong as previously expected.
Athens throws Paralympic party for largest games ever More than 3,800 disabled athletes gathered Friday for the opening ceremony of the largest Paralympics in the games #39; 44-year history.
ESPN.com news services BEIJING -- Marat Safin managed to do something the other top seeds at the China Open didn #39;t: stay alive. The top four seeds will be missing from the semifinals following early exits for Spaniards Carlos Moya 
Auburn waits while Ivan rolls through Auburn athletic director David Housel stuck to his plan of waiting until Friday morning to assess the viability of holding the game between the 15th-ranked Tigers and No.
Europe and US Agree to Curb Iran #39;s Nuclear Ambitions Europe and the US agreed to moves to curb Irans nuclear ambitions tonight, but divisions emerged with so-called non-aligned nations objecting to parts of the text.
Erdogan warns European Union not to meddle in Turkey #39;s affairs Turkish Premier Recep Tayyip Erdogan told the European Union on Friday not to meddle in Turkey #39;s domestic affairs after an EU Commission spokesman expressed concern over a delay in key penal code reforms.
Microsoft: Can we check your software license? Know whether your copy of Windows is licensed? The software maker might ask you this next time you visit its download site.
British police arrest suspect in Cisco code theft A man suspected of stealing source code from Cisco Systems has been arrested in the U.K.
Cingular handset talks to users Software application is intended to help the visually impaired make full use of their cell phones.\
Sun-Microsoft deal raises Open Office questions Microsoft Corp. on Wednesday said that is looking for ways to work more closely with developers of the Open Office open source project, while at the same time, apparently reserving the right to sue them, according to a legal agreement between Microsoft and Open Office's major sponsor, Sun Microsystems Inc., made public this week.
Microsoft trials piracy lock on Download Center As part of its efforts to combat software piracy, Microsoft Corp. is testing a new feature on its Download Center Web site that can lock out pirated copies of Windows.
Conference focuses on challenges of fighting cybercrime Preserving the digital crime scene poses one of the biggest challenges in the global fight against cybercrime, said participants this week at a major international conference on fighting Internet-based crime.
Alcatel Snaps Up Two US Companies French telecommunications equipment vendor Alcatel on Friday snapped up two US technology firms in acquisitions that will add wireless switching and IP conferencing technology to its portfolio.
Hurricanes can have stormy effect on real estate SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW) -- Just days after Hurricane Charley devastated Charlotte County, Fla., real estate vultures flew through Punta Gorda and other towns, offering cash for ravaged homes, local real estate experts said.
Firefox Threatens IE in the Browser Market Firefox Threatens IE in the Browser Market\\Mozilla is starting to pose a threat to Microsoft's Internet Explorer after years of being the darling of a strange mix of AOL enthusiasts and techies. This week Mozilla released the preview of FireFox 1.0, and with more web surfers becoming browser savvy, a ...
Chechen warlord Basayev must be captured alive: Russian deputy prosecutor (AFP) AFP - Feared Chechen warlord Shamil Basayev, who claimed responsibility for the deadly school hostage taking in southern Russia that killed more than 330 people, must be caught and brought to justice, not killed, Russia's deputy prosecutor said.
US Stocks End Up as Ford Raises Forecasts  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Stocks ended higher on  Friday after  Ford Motor Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=F.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;F.N&lt;/A&gt; raised its earnings forecasts but gains on  the Nasdaq were checked after wireless technology provider  Qualcomm Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=QCOM.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;QCOM.O&lt;/A&gt; said an accounting review may reduce  pretax income.
BMC looks to simplify network operations BMC Software is expected to announce upgrades to two of its systems management products on Monday.
Freddie Mac Begins Paying Former CEO Home mortgage firm Freddie Mac on Friday said it began paying previously owed compensation to its former chairman and chief executive Leland C. Brendsel after a federal court lifted a government freeze order on the funds during a pending accounting 
IBM settles part of giant pension lawsuit With the economy slowly turning up, upgrading hardware has been on businesses radar in the past 12 months as their number two priority.
FTC backs spammer bounties (false) Analysis: A program to encourage members of the public to become  quot;bounty hunters quot; tracking down email spammers received the luke warm backing of the US Federal Trade Commission (FTC) yesterday.
CA bundles storage apps Officials at Computer Associates International Inc. are trying to upgrade their image in the storage market with a bundled solution that contains many applications that were previously available individually 
British Troops, Militants Clash in Iraq (AP) AP - British troops took control of the offices of Muqtada al-Sadr in the southern city of Basra on Friday after clashing with militants loyal to the rebel cleric, witnesses said.
Oil Lifted 4 Percent by Ivan Supply Crimp  NEW YORK (Reuters) - World oil prices surged nearly 4  percent on Friday on worries the U.S. hurricane season would  continue to hamper energy production and imports in the Gulf of  Mexico, delaying vital stock-building ahead of winter.
Maradona to Return to Cuba on Monday for Drug Rehab  HAVANA (Reuters) - Fallen soccer great Diego Maradona will  return to Cuba Monday to be shut away in a mental clinic for  more drug treatment, Argentine diplomats said Friday.
Japan Shuts Citigroup Private Bank Unit  TOKYO/NEW YORK (Reuters) - Japan on Friday ordered  Citigroup Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=C.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;C.N&lt;/A&gt; to close its Japanese private banking  offices after uncovering a series of problems, including a  failure to prevent suspected money laundering.
IBM holds settlement talks in pension case NEW YORK - The judge presiding over a massive pension suit against IBM, which could cost the company more than \$6.5 billion, agreed Friday to a short delay while settlement talks continue.
Ex-Qwest Executive Agrees to Plead Guilty Former Qwest Communications International Inc. executive Thomas Hall agreed Friday to plead guilty to end a federal fraud case against him, but neither his lawyer nor prosecutors would disclose what charge he will face.
United Aims for Another \$500M in Cuts CHICAGO Sept. 17, 2004 - Struggling to put together a new bankruptcy exit plan, United Airlines said Friday it is in talks with its unions about the need for an additional \$500 million in cost cuts.
Pen Trick on Bike Locks Could Cost Firms Millions on Friday sought a recall of many U-shaped locks after word spread that an ordinary pen could pick what had been thought to be some of the toughest locks.
Hurricanes May Affect Florida Presidential Contest A trio of fierce hurricanes have pushed presidential politics to the back burner in Florida, the epicenter of the 2000 election, and could affect voter attitudes and turnout in the Nov. 2 race, analysts say.
Amazon offers discount to A9 search users SAN FRANCISCO--Online retailer Amazon.com is offering a 1.57 percent shopping discount to registered users of its new A9 Web search service as a way to increase A9 use and promote sales on Amazon, the company #39;s Web site showed on Friday.
EPA works with IBM on grids Environmental Protection Agency officials are linking with IBM Corp. on a major new grid computing program aimed at improved air pollution modeling and environmental risk assessments, and whose grid capabilities may be offered as a service in the future.
FTC Floats Spammer Bounty Scheme The FTC stipulated that, if successful, a bounty system for spammers would have to do several things: tie eligibility to a court order, rather than civil penalties; fund rewards separately from 
New Video Cameras Replace Tapes With Tiny Hard Drives The JVC Everio GZ-MC100 (\$1199.95) and GZ-MC200 (\$1299.95) will use 4GB Microdrive cards, which are removable hard drives measuring 1.5 inches square, but will also support standard CompactFlash and Secure Digital media.
A Call for Music As cell phones continue to expand their horizons, a new generation, due in 2005, is slated to compete with digital music players such as the Apple iPod.
Westwood and Garcia prove friendship works wonders The perfect pairing at The Belfry seems not to have broken its bond since the 34th Ryder Cup Matches back in 2002. The placid Lee Westwood and the fiery Sergio Garcia, who compiled a won three, lost one record 
Weather holds key to England #39;s chances England will return to the Rose Bowl this morning hoping to find Hampshire #39;s delightful new ground bathed in sunshine, or in the middle of a deluge.
US, Europe Agree on Iran Resolution VIENNA, Austria Sept. 17, 2004 - The United States and most other nations at a meeting of the UN atomic watchdog agency agreed Friday on a resolution meant to curb Iran #39;s access to technology that could 
Into the abyss Where freedom was promised, chaos and carnage now reign. A suicide bomber in a car blows himself up in the heart of Baghdad killing 13 people.
Pakistanis want me in uniform: Musharraf In yet another indication that he may renege on his pledge to step down as army chief by the end of the year, Pakistan President Pervez Musharraf has said that  #39;the vast majority #39; of his countrymen want him in uniform as they fear that he would be 
Europe on Top as Woods, Mickelson Struggle (Reuters) Reuters - The heavyweight\United States duo of Tiger Woods and Phil Mickelson were on\track for their second defeat of the day as Europe maintained a\stranglehold at the 35th Ryder Cup on Friday.
A Look at U.S. Military Deaths in Iraq (AP) AP - As of Friday, Sept. 17, 2004, 1,027 members of the U.S. military have died since the beginning of the Iraq war in March 2003, according to the Defense Department. Of those, 777 died as a result of hostile action and 250 died of non-hostile causes. The figures include three military civilians.
German teen who made Sasser worm hired by computer security firm (AFP) AFP - A German teenager accused of creating the Sasser worm that infected millions of computers around the world is being taught to become a security software programmer, the company that hired him said.
Wagner Suspended After Being Ejected (AP) AP - Philadelphia Phillies closer Billy Wagner was suspended for two games Friday by major league baseball and fined an undisclosed amount after he was ejected against the New York Mets last weekend.
IBM in Settlement Talks in Pension Case (AP) AP - The judge presiding over a massive pension suit against IBM, which could cost the company more than  #36;6.5 billion, agreed Friday to a short delay while settlement talks continue.
Europe on Top as Woods, Mickelson Struggle  BLOOMFIELD HILLS, Michigan (Reuters) - The heavyweight  United States duo of Tiger Woods and Phil Mickelson were on  track for their second defeat of the day as Europe maintained a  stranglehold at the 35th Ryder Cup on Friday.
Edwards: Democrats Focus Bush Criticism (AP) AP - The Democrats are trying to target their criticism of President Bush in a way that shows voters they've been hurt by administration policies on the economy and Iraq, vice presidential candidate John Edwards said in an Associated Press interview Friday.
U.S. Treasury Debt Prices Slip  CHICAGO (Reuters) - U.S. Treasury debt prices slipped on  Friday after a key consumer sentiment report was not as weak as  some dealers had suspected, triggering some profit-taking after  Thursday's brisk rally.
Ex-Qwest Exec Tom Hall to Plead Guilty  DENVER (Reuters) - Former Qwest Communications Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=Q.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;Q.N&lt;/A&gt;  executive Tom Hall, who was scheduled to go on trial next month  on charges stemming from an accounting scandal, will plead  guilty, his attorney said on Friday.
United Air May Need More in Cost Cuts  CHICAGO (Reuters) - United Airlines on Friday said it will  need about \$500 million in annual cost cuts above the \$655  million now in the works and also received court approval for  more time to develop a reorganization plan without interference  from creditors.
US takes stock of Hurricane Ivan US authorities begin relief operations as south-eastern states continue to assess Hurricane Ivan's impact.
Coming Soon: Your Local Earthquake Forecasts? Within a decade computer models may be able to forecast some types of earthquakes with accuracy similar to that of current forecasts for hurricanes, scientists say.
"Miracle" Microbes Thrive at Earth's Extremes For the past 30 years scientists have scoured the most inhospitable environments or life. Just about everywhere they look, they find it thriving in microscopic form.
Travel Column: Armenia's Lesson in Street Life In this week's TravelWatch column: A small experiment in Armenia shows how easy it is to turn an urban dead zone into an appealing, living place.
New National Indian Museum Is Native by Design From the wetlands out front to the undulating exterior, the new National Museum of the American Indian in Washington, D.C., is built on native ideas. &lt;i&gt;Includes photo gallery.&lt;/i&gt;
Israeli Cops Arrest 2 Madonna Bodyguards TEL AVIV, Israel - Police detained two bodyguards of pop star Madonna on Friday after a brawl with photographers waiting for the singer outside her Tel Aviv hotel.    Two of the photographers and a policeman who tried to break up the fight were injured, said police spokeswoman Liat Pearl...
U.S., Europe Agree on Iran Resolution VIENNA, Austria - The United States and most other nations at a meeting of the U.N. atomic watchdog agency agreed Friday on a resolution meant to curb Iran's access to technology that could be used for nuclear weapons, and indirectly set a deadline for Tehran to meet their demands...
Look alert--WebEx is watching The Web conferencing leader will release a product for sales calls that watches clients to see whether they pay attention.
Briefly: WebSideStory cuts IPO to 4.4 million shares roundup Plus: BMC looks to simplify network operations...Data center firms settle cookie suit...nStor sells off telecoms management unit...Nortel lowers expectations.
WebEx adds Sales Center for sales professionals AN FRANCISCO - WebEx Communications Inc. is expanding its Web conferencing service with an offering designed for sales professionals, the company plans to announce on Monday.
Firm Cashes in on Google Warrants By CHRISTOPHER WANG    NEW YORK (AP) -- Executive search firm Heidrick   Struggles International Inc. (HSII) on Friday said it bagged nearly \$130 million by selling Google Inc...
Ford drives Wall St A BETTER-than-expected profit outlook from Ford juiced up trading on Wall Street overnight, but gains were capped by a lacklustre reading on consumer sentiment and a fresh rise in oil prices.
Judge Dietz Finds School Finance System Unconstitutional On Wednesday afternoon, Sept. 15, state District Judge John Dietz concluded a five-and-half-week trial by ruling unconstitutional the Texas system of public school finance.
Apple iTunes dubbed  #39;rip-off #39; for Brits The world #39;s first legitimate music download service, Apple iTunes, is to be investigated by a government watchdog for overcharging its British customers by up to 20 per cent.
National Semi Throws a Padlock on PCs National Semiconductor (Quote, Chart) took the wraps off a pair of I/O devices it said could help protect a computer from hackers and viruses.
Major Windows SP2 bug reveals documents worldwide PC WELT in Germany said it has discovered a major bug in Windows XP Service Pack 2 which will crack open your PC like a song thrush breaks a snail shell.
RosettaNet takes standards push to small firms SINGAPORE--RosettaNet, a consortium pushing to establish a universal e-business language, is hoping to broaden its appeal to smaller companies by slashing the costs of standards adoption.
Drew  amp; Jimmy Sox it to  #39;em Funnyman Jimmy Fallon and Hollywood babe Drew Barrymore high-tailed it across the infield in Fenway Park last night - but their shenanigans didn #39;t disrupt the Sox game against Tampa Bay.
Aide in Jakarta blast case admits link to key suspect JAKARTA, SEPTEMBER 17: Indonesian police have made their first arrest in the car bombing outside the Australian Embassy last week, detaining a man they said on Friday had helped their top suspect prepare the attack.
POTA to go, Centre to beef up another law NEW DELHI, SEPTEMBER 17: The Cabinet today approved the repeal of POTA, an anti-terrorism law enacted by the NDA Government, stating that it was a draconian law and being grossly misused.
Spreading The Gospel of Firefox Three days after the preview release of Firefox 1.0 and more than 720,000 downloads later, the Mozilla Foundation is moving to a new phase in its online campaign to build more market share.
RosettaNet Extends to Singapore E-business standards consortium RosettaNet spread its wings over Singapore with the opening of its Architecture Center of Excellence, the group said Friday.
Next Online Music War Set to Play It #39;s just another sign that a major battle for the hearts, minds and dollars of young, tech-minded consumers will be fought over music -- who sells it and who gets to play it on what portable gadgets.
German opposition lobbies EU against Turkey bid The head of Germany #39;s opposition conservatives has urged politically like-minded European Union leaders to deny Turkey full membership of the bloc.
U.S. Treasury Debt Prices Slip (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. Treasury debt prices slipped on\Friday after a key consumer sentiment report was not as weak as\some dealers had suspected, triggering some profit-taking after\Thursday's brisk rally.
Coke to Pay New CEO Same as Predecessor  LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - Coca-Cola Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=KO.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;KO.N&lt;/A&gt;, which warned  earlier this week of lower-than-expected profits this year,  said on Friday it will pay Chairman and Chief Executive Neville  Isdell \$1.5 million a year.
Russia May Pardon Colonel for Chechen Girl's Murder  MOSCOW (Reuters) - A Russian commission has backed a plea  for pardon by an army colonel jailed for 10 years for the  murder of a Chechen girl, prompting anger in the restive  province, Interfax news agency reported Friday.
CORRECTED - UPDATE 1-United Airlines seeks \$500 mln more in cost &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; In CHICAGO story headlined  quot;UPDATE 1-United Airlines seeks \$500 mln more in cost cuts quot; please read in paragraph 4 ... The \$500 million figure would be over and above savings realized if United terminates and replaces its pension funds ... instead of .
UPDATE 1-Freddie Mac to start payments to former CEO US mortgage finance company Freddie Mac said on Friday it began payments to former Chief Executive Leland Brendsel after a court ruled regulators could not freeze his compensation pending investigation into an accounting 
IBM embraces grid converts IBM has signed on five corporate customers and the Environmental Protection Agency to its ongoing grid-computing initiative, Big Blue said Friday.
Teen accused of making threats about school, possessing weapons A 17-year-old was arraigned Friday after authorities received a tip that he was making threats in an online chat room against his high school, fellow students and an officer assigned to the building.
Probably best to install Windows update Q: I am not computer intelligent, so I use a tech support company for help. I have read in the paper about Service Pack 2 for Microsoft Windows XP.
UPDATE 1-Villeneuve relishes Renault challenge Canadian Jacques Villeneuve is relishing the chance to help Renault overtake his former BAR team for second place in this year #39;s Formula One constructors #39; championship.
Rain cancels Chase qualifying at New Hampshire Loudon, NH (Sports Network) - Jeff Gordon will assume the pole position for Sunday #39;s Sylvania 300 at the New Hampshire International Speedway after a steady rain washed out Friday #39;s qualifying session.
Zim cricket team arrives in Pakistan A 15 man-squad from Zimbabwe led by cricket #39;s youngest ever captain Tatenda Taibu arrived in Pakistan yesterday for a tri-series starting later this month.
Opinion: Transcript not incriminating DENVER -- Kobe Bryant #39;s defense team spent months trying to keep his comments to investigators sealed. Now that the details are out -- admitted adultery, graphic sexual details and Bryant #39;s hope of paying 
Cisco Moving To Clarify Linksys Role Cisco Systems #39; \$2 billion push into the SMB space is forcing it to re-evaluate the role it has assigned its upstart Linksys division.
As promised, UPA decides to kill Pota The Centre is to promulgate an ordinance to repeal the contentious Prevention of Terrorism Act 2002 (Pota) along with another ordinance making changes in the Unlawful Activities (Prevention) Act 1967.
Rangers Reliever Suspended for Fan Fight (AP) AP - Texas Rangers pitcher Frank Francisco was suspended for the rest of the season and two teammates and a coach were suspended Friday after he threw a chair that hit a woman and broke her nose during a game against the Oakland Athletics earlier this week.
Ivan Rattles Gulf Coast, Leaves 35 Dead PENSACOLA, Fla. - As Hurricane Ivan's remnants soaked the South on Friday and left a trail of destruction from the Gulf Coast to the Carolinas, Floridians once again are coping, cleaning up and coming together after being pummeled by a third devastating storm in five weeks...
Wall Street gets lift from Ford outlook, shrugs off oil spike A better-than-expected profit outlook from Ford juiced up trading on Wall Street, with gains capped by a lackluster reading on consumer sentiment and a fresh rise in oil prices.
Ivan spreads its misery across the South as Florida digs out from &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; As Hurricane Ivan #39;s remnants soaked the South on Friday and left a trail of destruction from the Gulf Coast to the Carolinas, Floridians once again are coping, cleaning up and coming together after being pummeled by a third devastating storm in five weeks 
Cooper Tire Sells Automotive Unit Cypress Group and Goldman Sachs Capital Partners have agreed to pay \$1.17 billion to acquire Cooper-Standard Automotive by the end of the year.
Loeb hangs in to maintain early lead Motorsport.com. Current World Rally Championship points leader Sebastien Loeb started out early with a bang to maintain the lead in the Rally of Great Britain on the close of the first day.
England need their big guns to dispel doubts England #39;s weather-delayed game against Sri Lanka, the winners of which face tournament favourites Australia in the first semi-final on Tuesday, has created a conflict of interests.
Melvyn Bragg: Political misadventures of a peer and polymath It was to plug one of his many books that Melvyn Bragg was in the ITV building this week when he encountered an old chum who asked him to go on air to do a political interview while he was there.
PeopleSofts prospects top agenda at show At PeopleSoft Inc.'s Connect 2004 conference in San Francisco next week, the software vendor is expected to face questions from users about its ability to fend off Oracle Corp.'s hostile takeover bid and remain independent.
SEMIs book-to-bill falls amid lull for equipment SAN JOSE, Calif. - Amid a lull in the IC market, North American-based manufacturers of semiconductor equipment posted a book-to-bill ratio of 1.00 in August, down from 1.04 in July, according to new figures 
Kluivert on the double LONDON - Newcastle United midfielder Nicky Butt saw red, Kieron Dyer was injured and Patrick Kluivert scored twice in the 2-0 Uefa Cup win over Israeli champions Hapoel Bnei Sakhnin in a half-empty stadium.
Donald finds the taste for battle after shaky start In the wake of the Montgomery-Woods skirmishes already commenced, we half expected to find the bloody detritus of combat as two virgin soldiers prepared for action on this dank, grey opening morning.
Pressure on De La Hoya After 12 years as the golden boy of American boxing, Oscar De La Hoya suddenly looks like a man who is haunted by the possibility of a career-ending defeat against Bernard Hopkins tonight.
Diplomats visit N. Korean blast site BEIJING - Foreign diplomats who visited the site of a mysterious explosion in North Korea said yesterday it was a hydroelectric project under heavy construction.
UN Agency Warns of Africa Locust Crisis ROME Sept. 17, 2004 - Swarms of desert locusts are moving across northwest Africa, threatening to devastate crops in an increasing number of countries, UN officials warned Friday.
Guantanamo Panel Considers Two Cases (AP) AP - A prisoner accused of transporting supplies for Taliban fighters went before a U.S. military review panel Friday, while another boycotted the proceedings.
Japan asks Citi to end pvt banking TOKYO/NEW YORK, SEPTEMBER 17: Japan on Friday ordered Citigroup Inc. to close its Japanese private banking offices after uncovering a series of problems, including failing to prevent suspected money laundering.
Wall Street gets lift from Ford outlook, shrugs off rise in oil &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; NEW YORK : A better-than-expected profit outlook from Ford juiced up trading on Wall Street, with gains capped by a lackluster reading on consumer sentiment and a fresh rise in oil prices.
UPDATE 1-S amp;P raises Brazil sovereign rating to  quot;BB- quot; Standard  amp; Poor #39;s on Friday raised Brazil #39;s much awaited sovereign credit rating to  quot;BB-minus quot; from  quot;B-plus quot; due to improved fiscal policies.
Authorities arrest 17-year-old on charges of making Internet &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; A 17-year-old boy was arrested and police found weapons, ammunition and bomb-making paraphernalia in his home after a tip that he was making threats online against his high 
New MyDoom Taunts Arrested Competitor A new MyDoom worm released this week taunts the just-charged author of a rival malware line by including his mug shot. MyDoom.y -- but also called MyDoom.
Apple Ships Security Patch For iChat Apple Computer Inc. released this week a security patch for its Mac OS X iChat instant messaging client, which contains a flaw that could a hacker could use to takeover a person #39;s computer.
EarthLink Debuts P2P App Running On SIP EarthLink #39;s R amp;D lab on Thursday released a proof-of-concept application to show how a popular messaging protocol can be used for purposes other than what it was designed, including sharing data.
Hats off to new cringe factor record The opening match of the 35th Ryder Cup featured four of the best golfers in the world, one of whom may yet be remembered as the greatest player of all.
Upheaval in F1 as Jaguar withdraw The team, owned and run by Ford, have struggled since emerging from the Stewart outfit in 1999 with a high-budget, high-profile entry into F1.
Rangers Reliever Francisco Suspended for Season NEW YORK (Sports Network) - Texas Rangers relief pitcher Frank Francisco was suspended for the rest of the 2004 season Friday by Major League Baseball after tossing a chair into the stands and hitting two fans in the head earlier this week.
Kenny Perry  amp; Stewart Cink lost to Sergio Garcia  amp; Luke Donald 2 amp;1 After sharing the Spaniard #39;s apartment in Switzerland during the European Masters a fortnight ago, Sergio Garcia and Luke Donald shared a vital victory over Kenny Perry and Stewart Cink.
Prem Preview: Blackburn  Portsmouth Mark Hughes takes charge of Blackburn for the first time and will hope that mediocre travellers Portsmouth will provide an instant success for his nineteenth placed side.
Dvoracek will not play vs. Oregon NORMAN, Okla. -- Oklahoma suspended starting defensive tackle Dusty Dvoracek indefinitely Friday pending an investigation into an incident that ended with one of Dvoracek #39;s high school teammates in the hospital.
Auburn puts South in West Coast offense Auburn #39;s offensive line coach Hugh Nall jokes that the Tigers have a new name for their new offense: the West Coast redneck offense.
Iran Nuclear Enrichment Freeze Offer a Ploy - U.S. (Reuters) Reuters - Iran said on Friday it might extend a\partial freeze on uranium enrichment in order to ease Western\fears about its nuclear ambitions, but a senior U.S. official\dismissed this as a ploy to fend off tough U.N. action.
43 Die in US Bombing of Fallujah BAGHDAD, 18 September 2004 - US warplanes bombed the central Iraqi city of Fallujah yesterday, killing 44 people, many of them women and children.
New Delhi scraps POTA NEW DELHI: The Indian government has repealed a stringent anti-terror law after complaints of misuse and has replaced it by amending the existing Unlawful Activities (Prevention) Act, 1967.
Europeans launch military police force NOORDWIJK: Five EU states signed an accord on Friday creating a new European military police force deployable to crisis situations worldwide, the latest tool in Europes developing security arsenal.
Mexico City Mayor Delivers Fourth Address (AP) AP - Mexico City Mayor Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador launched a spirited defense of his administration and dismissed looming scandals as political vendettas Friday during what was likely to be his last state-of-the city address. The mayor vowed he was "not going to negotiate my principles."
Musharraf Unsure if He'll Stay Army Chief (AP) AP - President Pervez Musharraf is testing public opinion before he makes a final decision about whether he will stay on as army chief, the Pakistani leader said in a newspaper interview published on Friday.
Man Arrested in UK in Cisco Code Theft (AP) AP - A 20-year-old man has been arrested in England in the theft of the proprietary software blueprints used by Cisco Systems Inc.'s networking equipment, police and the company confirmed Friday.
Fans at Ryder Cup Proving to Be Quiet (AP) AP - Midway through Friday's Ryder Cup matches at Oakland Hills, English golf fan Sean Warden began to wonder: Was it tee time, or tea time?
Navy Says Kerry's Service Awards OK'd (AP) AP - The Navy's chief investigator concluded Friday that procedures were followed properly in the approval of Sen. John Kerry's Silver Star, Bronze Star and Purple Heart medals, according to an internal Navy memo.
Rangers Reliever Francisco Suspended for Season  NEW YORK (Sports Network) - Texas Rangers relief pitcher  Frank Francisco was suspended for the rest of the 2004 season  Friday by Major League Baseball after tossing a chair into the  stands and hitting two fans in the head earlier this week.
Naturalists Struggle to Save Iran Cheetahs (Reuters) Reuters - Only 60 cheetahs are believed to remain\in Iran, their numbers bludgeoned by hunting, road-building and\drought, say environmentalists battling to save them from\extinction.
Los Alamos to Remove Weapons-Grade Nukes (AP) AP - Los Alamos National Laboratory plans within a year to remove all weapons-grade nuclear material from a part of the lab that has raised security concerns, according to an internal federal document.
Sudan Accuses U.S. Over Darfur Talks Breakdown  ABUJA (Reuters) - Sudan blamed the United States for the  failure of three weeks of peace talks between Khartoum and  Darfur rebels Friday, but African Union mediators said  negotiations would resume in October.
Singapore warns of deadly illness The authorities in Singapore voice concern about a tropical disease that has killed 23 people this year.
Japan baseball players to strike \Japan's professional baseball players are set to strike for the first time since the game was introduced 70 years ago.
Ivan Slams Appalachian Region, Kills 12 CASHIERS, N.C. - The violent remains of Hurricane Ivan pounded a large swath of eastern United States on Friday as the storm's rampage moved north, drenching an area from Ohio to Georgia, washing out dozens of homes, sweeping cars down roadways and trapping more than 100 students at an elementary school...
Earthlink Releases SIPshare (Article Central) Officials at EarthLink #39;s R amp;D facility have quietly released a proof-of-concept file-sharing application based on the Session Initiated Protocol.
Nightmare for US dream team A RAMPAGING Europe led by Colin Montgomerie put the United States on the rack when they rushed into a opening day lead of five points at the Ryder Cup today.
Northern parties continue talks in UK Talks involving the British and Irish governments and the northern parties continue at Leeds Castle in Kent today. The first day of discussions aimed at restoring power sharing in the North adjourned late last night.
Yukos still close to bankruptcy, managers warn Russia #39;s Yukos oil company has paid \$2.2-\$2.4 billion (euro1.8-1.97 billion) of its \$3.4 billion (euro2.79 billion) tax bill for 2000, Yukos #39; top finance official said Friday, and he renewed warnings that the embattled company was close to 
Museum to Get \$60 Million Exhibit The Smithsonian #39;s National Museum of Natural History plans to announce today the largest renovation in its nearly 95-year history, creating Ocean Hall, an unusual hybrid of public display and research.
Rangers pitcher suspended for rest of season Texas Rangers pitcher Frank Francisco, who was arrested Monday on a battery charge for throwing a chair at Oakland Athletics fans, was suspended for the rest of the season by Major League Baseball.
Basketball: Moscow fumes as Utah Jazz pulls out of NBA date MOSCOW : Russian basketball champions CSKA Moscow said they were disappointed that NBA giants Utah Jazz had pulled out off a planned exhibition match here because of security fears.
US fails to bring UN into Iran nuclear case VIENNA The United States once again failed Friday to persuade the International Atomic Energy Agency to refer Iran #39;s nuclear program to the United Nations Security Council, accepting instead a repetition of calls for the country to stop uranium enrichment 
Powell rejects UN secretary #39;s claim that Iraq war was  quot;illegal quot; STATE DEPARTMENT Secretary of State Powell is rejecting comments made by the UN secretary-general about the war in Iraq. In an interview with the BBC, Kofi Annan (KOH #39;-fee AN #39;-nan) called the US-led military 
Via gives away disc-scrubbing software Taiwanese chipmaker dangles open-source software lure to attract programmer interest.
Oracle readies content management 'Tsunami' Oracle later this year plans a major entrance to the content management space with a new product tied to its Collaboration Suite  offering.
United Assessing Further Cost Cuts United Airlines on Friday said it will need about USD\$500 million in annual cost cuts above the USD\$655 million now in the works and also received court approval for more time to develop a reorganization plan without interference from creditors.
IMF Board Tells Argentina to Tackle Debt, Reforms The International Monetary Fund #39;s shareholder governments told Argentina in a meeting on Friday to live up to its promises in a \$13 billion loan program to tackle 
Yukos revises unit #39;s oil reserves The Russian oil giant Yukos on Friday issued sharply higher revised estimates of reserves for its biggest subsidiary, one currently being appraised for sale by the government, and reiterated that Yukos was operating financially on a  quot;day-to-day quot; basis and 
Alitalia nears another critical labor accord, this time with cabin &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; MILAN Alitalia #39;s management and unions representing its cabin crews edged toward an accord Friday night on job cuts and working conditions in an effort to save the national carrier from collapse.
Suspected Cisco code thief arrested in UK British authorities have arrested a man suspected of stealing source code from Cisco Systems in May, a spokeswoman for Scotland Yard confirmed Friday.
Catching Spammers May Cost Big Bucks Putting a bounty on spammer #39;s heads, as proposed in the CAN-SPAM Act, could be an expensive undertaking, according to a report from the Federal Trade Commission.
Rumor Control: The GTA/PStwo bundle speculation frenzy Also this week: Xbox 2 backwards compatibility and Halo 2 four-way co-op (or lack thereof). RUMOR #1: Sony will release the PStwo, a scaled-down version of the PlayStation 2, on October 26th.
No game in Moscow for the Utah Jazz The Russian basketball champions, CSKA Moscow, said Friday that they were disappointed that the Utah Jazz of the NBA had pulled out off a planned exhibition match Oct. 8 in Moscow because of security fears.
Chechen lists details of attack on school MOSCOW Shamil Basayev, the elusive Chechen guerrilla commander who has become Russia #39;s most wanted man, has claimed responsibility for planning terror attacks that have killed more than 440 people here in recent weeks and is threatening to strike anew, a 
World-Class DVD Authoring Chip Eberhart writes in Post magazine,  #147;DVD Studio Pro Version 3.0 is truly a world-class DVD authoring application. This outstanding version of DVD Studio Pro adds enough bells, whistles and real-world functionality to make even a seasoned DVD author take notice and say,  #145;Wow! #146; #148; Sep 16
Search Firm Cashes in on Google Warrants (AP) AP - Executive search firm Heidrick  amp; Struggles International Inc. on Friday said it earned nearly  #36;130 million by selling Google Inc. stock it got as payment for finding the Internet company a new CEO in 2001.
Navy Rejects Probe of Kerry's War Medals (Reuters) Reuters - The U.S. Navy on Friday rejected a\legal watchdog group's request to open an investigation into\military awards given to Democratic presidential nominee John\Kerry during the Vietnam War, saying his medals were properly\approved.
Treatment of lockout shows NHL #39;s problems The announcement of the National Hockey League player lockout was treated as headline news in Canada, running as the top story throughout the Canadian media.
Car bombing caps bloody week in Iraq BAGHDAD, Iraq - A suicide car bomber bearing down on police in a Baghdad neighborhood killed eight people Friday, capping a bloody day across Iraq that left at least 52 dead.
U.S. Dream Team Spanked in Ryder Cup Play (AP) AP - Hal Sutton wanted his best two players to set the tone for the Ryder Cup. Did they ever. Tiger Woods and Phil Mickelson got hammered in the morning and blew it in the afternoon, and the rest of the Americans followed suit Friday as Europe matched the largest first-day lead in Ryder Cup history.
Putin Threatens Preventive Terror Actions (AP) AP - President Vladimir Putin said Friday that Russia is "seriously preparing" for pre-emptive strikes against terrorists, as Chechen warlord Shamil Basayev claimed responsibility for a school hostage-taking and other attacks that have claimed more than 430 lives.
Fla. Supreme Court Puts Nader on Ballot (AP) AP - Ralph Nader is back on Florida's ballot  #151; probably for good this time.
Iran makes nuclear offer A top Iranian official tells the BBC Tehran is prepared to give more assurances over its nuclear enrichment plans.
Carnival on song as quarterly profits break \$1bn barrier CARNIVAL, the worlds largest cruise line, yesterday posted record quarterly profits and said the performance underlined the success of its merger with P amp;O Princess last year.
Guilty plea expected from ex-Qwest executive Tom Hall, the last of the four executives at Qwest Communications International awaiting trial, has agreed to plead guilty. His attorney told the court that Hall would be willing to enter a plea.
Why Open-Source Community Objects to MS Spam Plans Most of the open-source community is finding that it can #39;t deal with Microsoft #39;s stance on spam-protection intellectual property.
Teen accused of making threats about school, possessing weapons A 17-year-old charged with making terrorist threats against his high school, fellow students and a police officer said at his arraignment that he would do anything  quot;to help the community quot; in the wake of his arrest.
Genesis Recovery is Going Well Summary - (Sep 17, 2004) After its crash landing, NASA scientists weren #39;t too hopeful that they #39;d turn up much science in the wreckage of Genesis #39; sample capsule, but the results so far have been a pleasant surprise.
Hopkins/De La Hoya showdown for all the marbles Las Vegas, NV (Sports Network) - The middleweight megafight billed as the  quot;Quest for History quot; between undisputed champion Bernard Hopkins and the Golden Boy of boxing, Oscar De La Hoya, is just a day away.
US jets strike insurgent meetings in Fallujah US troops took dead aim at an al Qaeda members in Iraq, launching attacks on the city of Fallujah -- while the capital coped with two more car bomb attacks.
U.K. Family Pleads for Hostage's Release (AP) AP - The government on Friday identified the British engineer who was kidnapped in Baghdad with two American colleagues, and the victim's family urged his captors to free him.
Columnists: Lycos Goes Straight After a week of well-deserved criticism, Lycos is abandoning its scheme to launch denial-of-service attacks against spammy websites.  Did the company reform in time to avoid criminal prosecution?
Qualcomm Broaches A Red-Flag Subject: Accounting Changes (Investor's Business Daily) Investor's Business Daily - Thanks to earlier reports of a strong cell phone market, it didn't surprise many analysts that Qualcomm, a leading cell phone company, on Friday boosted its earnings guidance.
Air Force Footballer Acquitted of Steroids (AP) AP - For the second time in less than a month, an Air Force Academy football player has been cleared of taking illegal steroids after insisting on the stand that he believed the drugs were simply supplements.
Wilson Takes One-Shot Lead at Texas Open (AP) AP - Dean Wilson shot a 5-under 65 on Friday and led first-round leader Ted Purdy by a stroke halfway through the Texas Open.
Ryder Dream Pairing Becomes a Nightmare for Sutton  BLOOMFIELD HILLS, Michigan (Reuters) - Tiger Woods and Phil  Mickelson had been dubbed by their Ryder Cup captain as the  dream pairing but they gave Hal Sutton nothing but a king-sized  headache Friday.
Kerry Says Bush Hiding Mobilization Plan (AP) AP - Democratic Sen. John Kerry on Friday accused the Bush administration of hiding a plan to mobilize more National Guard and Reserve troops after the election while glossing over a worsening conflict in Iraq.
Montgomerie Heaps Misery on U.S.  BLOOMFIELD HILLS, Michigan (Reuters) - Colin Montgomerie,  who has suffered much misery at the hands of American golf  fans, gave back some of his own Friday with another Ryder Cup  tour de force at Oakland Hills Country Club.
Fla. Supreme Court Puts Nader on Ballot TALLAHASSEE, Fla. - Ralph Nader is back on Florida's ballot - probably for good this time...
Deadly Ivan Slams Appalachian Region CASHIERS, N.C. - The violent remains of Hurricane Ivan pounded a large swath of the eastern United States on Friday, drenching an area from Georgia to Ohio, washing out dozens of homes, sweeping cars down roadways and trapping more than 100 students at an elementary school...
Sir Howard Stringer, US Head Of Sony: Sony #39;s knight buys &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; When a bright, middle-class Oxford graduate called Harold Stringer set out for America from his home in Aylesbury in 1965 to find a job, it was the stuff of movies which attracted him.
Riley proves he belongs, preventing US morning shutout in Ryder &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Chris Riley is the least-qualified US Ryder Cup member. Following one of America #39;s worst days in golf #39;s most important team competition, there was no question he belonged.
CC #39;s season likely over com. What more could the young left-hander do? He had just found out that his 2004 season might be over because of a left hamstring strain.
Putin accuses  #39;complicit #39; West of harbouring Chechen terrorists THE Russian president, Vladimir Putin, yesterday accused the West of harbouring Chechen terrorists, speaking hours after rebel leader Shamil Basayev claimed responsibility for the Beslan school massacre.
Palestinian woman shot dead in West Bank city Israeli troops patrolling the West Bank city of Nablus shot and killed a 19-year-old Palestinian woman Friday, witnesses and hospital officials said.
The writing #39;s on the wall for Hong Kong #39;s last revolutionary haunt The one thing that #39;s misleading about Club 64 is its name. With its echoes of Studio 57 in New York and its desirable location at the heart of Hong Kong Central, you might expect it to be just another glitzy bar or nightspot.
Euro  #39;gendarmerie #39; set up to police the world The European Union added a fresh arm to its fast-growing military and police machinery yesterday, launching a fighting  quot;gendarmerie quot; for quick deployment to trouble spots all over world.
Drug lords stripped of 120m fortune in prison Two of Colombia #39;s most powerful drug lords were trapped in prison cells yesterday as the state seized their fortune estimated at more than 120 million.
Conservative groups to boycott P amp;G A group based in Tupelo is one of two organizations calling for a boycott of some Procter  amp; Gamble products because of the company #39;s stand on a political issue in its home town, Cincinnati.
Is That Pirated Software? underpar writes  quot;According to this ZDNet.com article, Microsoft  #39;has launched a pilot program in which some visitors to the main Windows download page are being asked to let the software maker check to see whether their copy of the operating system is 
Microsoft and labels in talks about copy protection and Longhorn Microsoft and a group of recording labels are in discussion about how the next generation of the Windows Operating System, codenamed Longhorn, will support Copy Protected CDs.
Athletics: 21 Olympic Champions, Steeplechase Showdown Highlight &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; With a long Olympic campaign behind them, 21 Olympic champions and another 52 silver and bronze medallists have converged on the Riviera to wind down their 
Rain wipes out NASCAR qualifying Rain wiped out qualifying Friday for NASCAR #39;s Sylvania 300, leaving points leader Jeff Gordon on the pole for Sunday #39;s race.
Move over SUV - the even bigger CXT is coming It #39;s enough to bring tears to the eyes of anyone who thinks that cars are already too big, and that the world #39;s roads are being overrun by SUVs - sport utility vehicles.
New Sign Language Description: We consider a new language invented by deaf children in Nicaragua, and how scientists are able to see the language evolving.
Microsoft Tests Piracy-Check Technology Visitors with a pirated copy of Windows may lose easy access to company #39;s Download Center. As part of its efforts to combat software piracy, Microsoft is testing a new feature on its Download Center Web site that can lock out pirated copies of Windows.
West sets deadline for Iran to freeze uranium enrichment Four western countries set the scene yesterday for a showdown with Iran by demanding that it freeze its uranium enrichment activities immediately.
Farmers to cut rates under settlement AUSTIN Farmers Insurance today announced plans to cut its Texas homeowners insurance rates by five percent in a settlement with the state.
11 Charged in Software Counterfeiting Case (AP) AP - Prosecutors have charged 11 people in California, Texas and Washington state with conspiring to distribute more than  #36;30 million of counterfeit computer software and products.
Study: Taiwan, Singapore Lead Gov't Online (AP) AP - A university study has found Taiwan and Singapore now lead the United States and Canada in providing government services online.
Mickelson Benched by Sutton at Ryder Cup  BLOOMFIELD HILLS, Michigan (Reuters) - Phil Mickelson was  relegated to the Ryder Cup sidelines by U.S. captain Hal Sutton  on Friday after the Masters champion and partner Tiger Woods  slumped to two defeats at Oakland Hills.
Bloglines Adds International RSS Feed Reading Bloglines Adds International RSS Feed Reading\\Bloglines, an online service for searching and subscribing to news feeds, blogs and rich web content today unveiled an internationalized web site that allows people who speak Chinese, French, German, Japanese, Portuguese and Spanish to join and navigate the Bloglines service in their native languages. ...
I Let It Slide, Admits Downcast Mickelson  BLOOMFIELD HILLS, Michigan (Reuters) - Shell-shocked Phil  Mickelson had little explanation for his miserable opening day  Ryder Cup form Friday after he partnered Tiger Woods to two  defeats against Europe.
Judges Rule for Nader in Election Boost for Bush (Reuters) Reuters - President Bush received a potential\boost on Friday in his bid for re-election when a court ruled\that independent candidate Ralph Nader, who experts believe\helped Bush win four years ago, be placed on Florida's\presidential ballot.
Indian Rhino Born at Buffalo Zoo (AP) AP - An Indian rhino was born at the Buffalo Zoo this week, one of less than a dozen births in North America in the last decade, zoo officials said.
Tropical Storm Jeanne Kills 7 in Dominican Republic  SANTO DOMINGO, Dominican Republic (Reuters) - Dominicans  climbed onto rooftops and into trees on Friday to escape floods  as Tropical Storm Jeanne weakened into a depression after  killing seven people, sweeping away houses and forcing 22,000  people to flee their homes, authorities said.
Russian Oil Giant Raises Reserves Estimate Fivefold In raising its reserve estimates, Yukos reiterated that it was operating on a "day to day basis and was still close to filing for bankruptcy."
Strong quake hit Hokkaido Island, Japan TOKYO - The northern Japanese Hokkaido Island has been stroke by a strong magnitude 7 earthquake. The authorities are warning the local population of the possible powerful tsunami that can take place in the coastal areas.
Abbas makes historic Palestinian visit to Syria Damascus: PLO chairman Mahmud Abbas Monday held historic talks with Syria #39;s president on the first official Palestinian visit since 1996 -- part of a post-Yasser Arafat push to forge stronger ties with Arab countries.
Qualifying Rained Out The 10-race playoff for NASCAR's Nextel Cup championship starts with rain washing out qualifying Friday at New Hampshire International Speedway.
Feuding Midfielders D.C. United's Dema Kovalenko and Dallas's Ronnie O'Brien are still at odds over a scuffle near the start of their game last week.
Terps Need Leadership Maryland's seniors need to provide steadfast leadership to the underclassmen as the Terrapins enter a hostile environment at Mountaineer Field.
A Cry for Justice Less than a month after the death of Northeast football player Jamahl Jones, prosecutors dropped charges against the four suspects, citing insufficient evidence after a preliminary autopsy.
Nuclear Agency's Action on Iran Falls Short of U.S. Goal The U.S. failed to persuade the International Atomic Energy Agency that it should refer Iran's suspect nuclear program to the Security Council.
Microsoft Download Centre Demanding OS Validation The Microsoft Download Centre has been updated with some graphical improvements on both the search, listings and item pages. Crucially in the new look download centre many application downloads are now being 
Wilson on top at Texas Open San Antonio, TX (Sports Network) - Dean Wilson shot a five-under 65 on Friday to move into the lead at the halfway point of the Texas Open.
NBA Cancels Game in Russia, Citing Terrorism Risk he National Basketball Association announced yesterday that it had canceled an Oct. 8 exhibition game in Russia featuring the Utah Jazz against the Moscow club CSKA because the recent terrorist 
Garcia-Donald hold off Perry-Cink Sergio Garcia and Luke Donald were having way too much fun during their 2-and-1 foursome victory over Americans Kenny Perry and Stewart Cink on Friday.
Europe and US to curb Iran Europe and the US have agreed to moves to curb Iran #39;s nuclear ambitions, but divisions emerged with so-called non-aligned nations objecting to parts of the text.
AMD Improves Opteron #39;s Power Computers built with Advanced Micro Devices #39; Opteron processor soon will be able to take advantage of the same power management technology the company has already built into its laptop and desktop microchips.
IBM in Voice Services Deal With Lloyds International Business Machines Corp. said Monday it will provide voice and data services to British financial-services company Lloyds TSB Group PLC for seven years in a deal worth \$971.6 million.
Microsoft Tests Piracy-Check Technology Visitors with a pirated copy of Windows may lose easy access to company's Download Center.
Russian Oil Giant Raises Reserves Estimate Fivefold The Russian oil giant Yukos substantially increased the reserve estimates Friday for its biggest subsidiary, one currently being appraised for sale by the government.
Teen arrested on charges of making e-mail threats against school Andrew Osantowski is a quiet, introverted high school senior who prefers nights at home with his family to hanging with friends.
Wilson takes lead at Texas Open Some tough playing conditions cooled off Ted Purdy on Friday. A day after matching the course record with a 61, Purdy struggled through the stifling heat 
Trend Micro Offers New Mobile Security Trend Micro Mobile Security is designed to protect data-centric mobile devices such as smartphones against viruses and short message service (SMS) spam.
Bush Travels South Seeking Women's Votes (AP) AP - President Bush sought backing from female voters Friday, asking them to look beyond rising violence in Iraq to a day when a democratically elected leader will lead the nation.
On the Far Side of the Field, a Familiar Face Perhaps there will be a moment during Sunday's game between the Giants and the Redskins when a coach and his former franchise quarterback will do a double take.
Mickelson to Sit Ryder Cup Play Saturday Phil Mickelson didn't look comfortable with his partner, his golf clubs or his opponents on the opening day of the Ryder Cup.
Fujitsu and Cisco Team Up for IP Networks Fujitsu Limited and Cisco Systems, Inc. today announced that they have reached a fundamental agreement to enter into a strategic alliance focusing on routers and switches that will enable service providers 
Space station goes to Plan B for oxygen Crew members on the international space station have ended their 10-day effort to repair a failed Elektron oxygen generator, and in its place they have installed a jury-rigged unit that previously failed.
Europeans dominate Friday matches at Ryder Cup What started with the debut of a  quot;dream team quot; turned into a nightmare of a Friday for the United States at the 35th Ryder Cup Matches.
Jaguar exit puts other teams on the brink Formula one was thrown into crisis yesterday when the Jaguar team were put up for sale by their owner Ford along with Cosworth Racing, the Northampton-based specialist which also supplies engines to Jordan and Minardi.
Bonds Back at Home With 700 in Sight (AP) AP - In every other city, Barry Bonds is greeted with boos and cheers, a mixture of respect, fear and derision for the best slugger of his generation.
Putin Accuses West, Chechen Rebel Vows More Attacks (Reuters) Reuters - President Vladimir Putin accused the\West of indulging terrorists on Friday, just hours after a\Chechen warlord claimed responsibility for a wave of deadly\attacks in Russia and threatened more.
Liberty Beats Sun 69-66 to Reach Playoffs (AP) AP - Crystal Robinson scored a season-high 22 points and paced a 12-0 run that helped the New York Liberty gain a playoff berth in the WNBA with a 69-66 victory Friday night over the Connecticut Sun.
Ford Increases Expectations for Revenue The Ford Motor Company raised its third-quarter earnings forecast and announced a restructuring plan for its struggling Jaguar division.
Caught in Rebels' Cross Hairs: Iraqis Working for Americans The killings of Iraqis who work on U.S. military bases send a chilling message not to cooperate with the Americans.
Lithuania to close Chechen site Lithuania has pledged to take action to shut a Chechen separatist website operating from the Baltic state and used by warlord Shamil Basayev to claim responsibility for this month #39;s school siege in southern Russia.
Europe take charge after making history Not even a deafening din from the voices of over 30,000 Detroiters could prevent Europe from taking a record 6.5 - 1.5 lead after the first day of the 35th Ryder Cup at the Oakland Hills Country Club yesterday.
Russian showdown Russian duo Svetlana Kuznetsova and Nadia Petrova have extended their hot US Open form to set up a semi-final showdown at the Wismilak WTA tournament in Bali.
Braves Rally to Defeat Marlins 8-1 (AP) AP - Chipper Jones hit a three-run homer to help Atlanta overcome an early deficit Friday night, and the Braves reduced their magic number for clinching the NL East to eight by beating the Florida Marlins 8-1.
UBS to Buy Julius Baer U.S. Business (Reuters) Reuters - Swiss banking group UBS, the\world's largest wealth manager, said on Monday it had\strengthened its position in the United States by buying local\rival Julius Baer's U.S. wealth-management business.
Sirens to Wail Across China to Mark 1931 Japan Attack (Reuters) Reuters - Sirens were due to wail across more\than 100 Chinese cities on Saturday to commemorate the 73rd\anniversary of the start of Japan's invasion of China, state\media said.
Rookie Brandi Jackson Leads at Safeway (AP) AP - LPGA Tour rookie Brandi Jackson shot a 6-under 66 on Friday and held a one-stroke lead in the rain-delayed opening round of the Safeway Classic.
Sirens to Wail Across China to Mark 1931 Japan Attack  BEIJING (Reuters) - Sirens were due to wail across more  than 100 Chinese cities on Saturday to commemorate the 73rd  anniversary of the start of Japan's invasion of China, state  media said.
U.S. and Trade Partners Maintain Unhealthy Long-Term Relationship A growing number of economists argue that the U.S. is caught in a gradual deterioration brought on by the yawning deficit in trade and other international transactions.
Bush Opens Lead Despite Unease Voiced in Survey Senator John Kerry faces substantial obstacles in his bid to unseat President Bush, with voters saying he has not laid out a case for why he wants to be president.
Ivan Leaves Long Trail of Damage Along Gulf Although downgraded to a tropical storm, Ivan is still churning a deadly path north leaving a death toll of 75, including 38 in the United States.
Russian Plane Bombers Exploited Corruption A thousand rubles, or about \$34, was enough to bribe an airline agent to put a Chechen woman on board one of the two flights that exploded in midair last month, killing all 90 people aboard.
Treasuries Creep Up on Rate Prospects (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. Treasury prices rose on Monday in\subdued trading, extending Friday's rally as dealers\anticipated slower official rate hikes in 2005 following slack
U.S. Allies Reject Tough Talk on Iran The Bush administration failed on Friday to persuade them to increase diplomatic pressure on Iran, settling instead for another request that Tehran voluntarily drop its nuclear program.
Streaking Cubs Smack Reds 12-4 (AP) AP - Derrek Lee drove in five runs with a three-run homer and a two-run double, and the Chicago Cubs beat the Cincinnati Reds 12-4 Friday night for their fifth straight win.
Ex-Spain PM Urges Release of Cubans (AP) AP - Former Spanish Prime Minister Jose Maria Aznar on Friday called for the release of dozens of inmates in Cuba, charging they're political prisoners held "simply because they have a different opinion from the official line."
Expos Rally to Defeat Phillies 12-8 (AP) AP - Tony Batista hit a go-ahead two-run single in Montreal's five-run ninth inning, and the Expos rallied for a 12-8 victory over the Philadelphia Phillies on Friday night.
MCI Creditors Are Target of  SEC Subpoenas (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - The Securities and Exchange Commission has subpoenaed 11 members of MCI Inc.'s former creditors committee for documents related to confidential communications between the company and its bondholders, according to federal bankruptcy court filings.
UN human rights chief urges South Korea to repeal security law (AFP) AFP - United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights Louise Arbour urged South Korea to repeal its draconian security law, saying the legislation did not meet international standards for human rights protection.
After Being Bounced Around Florida Is Bouncing Back Bob Ellis was picking up plywood and two-by-fours on his second trip of the day for supplies to deal with the wreckage from Hurricane Frances, the second of three 
IBM settles portion of pension lawsuit NEW YORK - IBM Corp. said Friday that it has settled part of an employee lawsuit claiming that the world #39;s biggest seller of computers and related services violated age-discrimination rules when it changed pension plans.
IMF agrees to delay in debt payment by Argentina Argentine President Nestor Kirchner received confirmation Friday by the International Monetary Fund (IMF) for a postponement of the payment of 1 billion US dollars in foreign debt owed by Argentina.
S.Korea Hopes IAEA Will End Its Case in November  SEOUL (Reuters) - South Korea declared Saturday it has no  plans to develop or possess nuclear weapons, but said it would  pursue scientific atomic research transparently in cooperation  with the U.N. nuclear watchdog.
Mortgage Fraud Concerns FBI Mortgage fraud has the potential to become a "national epidemic" that could expose lenders to hundreds of millions of dollars in losses, an FBI official said.
AOL Dumps Microsoft #39;s Spam Filter Standard America Online, the largest Internet service provider, said it would stop using Microsoft #39;s Sender ID technology to filter unwanted e-mail being sent to its millions of members, and instead embrace an open-source friendly alternative.
Quick look at Ryder Cup #39;s key holes A capsule look at the first day of Ryder Cup matches Friday at Oakland Hills Country Club: Padraig Harrington and Colin Montgomerie, Europe, def.
Villeneuve to drive Renault till end of year LONDON: Canadian Jacques Villeneuve will race the last three Grands Prix of the season for Renault, the Formula One team said yesterday.
Finn blazes past Nalbandian Finn Jarkko Nieminen reignited his rise through the rankings on Friday, this time at the expense of third seed David Nalbandian 6-2 2-6 6-2 at the China Open.
Rookie Jackson takes first-round lead Brandi Jackson #39;s early morning tee time worked out well at the Safeway Classic. Although the course was damp from recent rain, the LPGA Tour rookie was able to post a 6-under 66 for 
Ignoring 1918, Ramirez Has Fun Leading the Resurgence anny Ramirez was finally talking. After playfully telling reporters to leave him a telephone message or send him a fax, then putting a bag of bats in front of his locker to block their access 
Senden tied for third in Texas Australia #39;s John Senden was tied for third as American Dean Wilson seized the halfway lead in the Texas Open in San Antonio this morning.
American League Game Summary - Kansas City at Cleveland The preliminary diagnosis on Gerut is a right knee injury, pending an MRI...DeJesus also stole a base, his eighth of the season...The Royals won for only the second time in seven meetings at Jacobs Field this year.
Allies at IAEA Meeting Reject US Stand on Iran The Bush administration failed on Friday to persuade its closest allies and other members of the International Atomic Energy Agency to increase diplomatic pressure on Iran 
Russian Plane Bombers Exploited Corrupt System A thousand rubles, or about \$34, was enough to bribe an airline agent to put a Chechen woman on board a flight just before takeoff, according to Russian investigators.
Musharraf is urged to quit KARACHI: President Pervez Musharraf would be violating the constitution if he reneged on his pledge to step down as army chief later this year, a former chief justice of Pakistan #39;s Supreme Court said yesterday.
Five EU ministers ink peacekeeping deal NOORDWIJK, Netherlands -- Five European Union defense ministers signed an agreement Friday to set up a law enforcement group to provide support for international peacekeeping missions.
US Airways Loses Loans For 100 Jets Financing for nearly 100 regional planes was key component to restructuring plans.
Flaw Makes Bike Locks Easy to Crack Kryptonite, stung by revelations that some of its bicycle locks can be pried open with nothing more than the hull of a ballpoint pen, offered to provide free upgrades to customers who purchased the vulnerable locks.
A Long Division Test The Redskins, facing their first critical test against a division rival, know they must do well in the NFC East to make the playoffs.
US Airways Said to Plan to Ask Court for Pay Cuts US Airways plans to ask a federal bankruptcy judge to impose temporary pay cuts on its workers unless it can reach agreement with its unions before then.
Suggs Questionable Browns RB Lee Suggs practiced Friday but is still questionable for Sunday's game at Dallas.
Area College Football Capsules Navy at Tulsa &lt;br&gt;   Where:  Skelly Stadium    When:  7 p.m. &lt;br&gt;   Shooting for 3-0:  Navy is off to its first 2-0 start since 1996. The Midshipmen haven't started 3-0 since 1979, when they won their first six games and finished 7-4. Navy has started 3-0 only twice in the past 40 years -- the 1978 team won its first seven games. Tulsa, which improved from 1-11 in 2002 to 8-5 last season, the best turnaround in college football, has lost its first two games, 21-3 at Kansas and 38-21 at Oklahoma State. Going 3-0 "would be a great start, and it would be a great beginning to achieve the goals that they've set for themselves," Navy Coach Paul Johnson said. "It's not going to make the season if we win, and it's not going to kill it if we lose."
Cavaliers, Hokies Play Host Akron at No. 12 Virginia &lt;br&gt;   Where:  Scott Stadium, Charlottesville&lt;br&gt;   When:  3 p.m.    Radio:  WTNT-570    Tickets:  Sold out &lt;br&gt;   Another Top QB:  Like North Carolina's Darian Durant last week, Akron quarterback Charlie Frye is the key to his team's slim chances of upsetting the Cavaliers. The 6-foot-4 senior, likened by Virginia Coach Al Groh to recent ACC stars Matt Schaub and Philip Rivers, ranks fourth among active NCAA quarterbacks with 9,048 career passing yards. In losses the past two weeks to Penn State and Middle Tennessee, Frye completed 60 of 80 passes for 622 yards. Weather permitting, he will present a challenge for an inexperienced Virginia secondary that made a few too many errors in deep coverage in its first two games.
Riley's Contribution Ryder Cup rookie Chris Riley sinks a six-foot putt on the final hole to avoid a European sweep of the four best-ball matches and provide a precious half-point for the U.S. side.
Cal has blueprint for victory Given the chance to give himself a pat on the back, Cal offensive tackle Ryan O #39;Callaghan veered in another direction, choosing a route that lends insight into the why this 
The Rundown 5 LSU at 14 Auburn  3:30 p.m., WUSA-9, WJZ-13 &lt;br&gt;Don't expect a resolution to LSU's quarterback controversy, which pits freshman JaMarcus Russell against senior Marcus Randall. "My view is that both quarterbacks can be weapons for our team," LSU Coach Nick Saban said. No such controversy in Auburn's backfield, where Carnell Williams and Ronnie Brown are both averaging more than 100 rushing yards per game. Hurricane Ivan, of course, is raging in the South. But so is Auburn, which remembers the 31-7 thrashing at the hands of LSU last season. The winner of this game will be the favorite in the SEC West.
Rangers missing nine for Inverness match Scottish Premier League leaders Rangers have nine players out of action for Sunday #39;s clash against Inverness Caledonian Thistle at Pittodrie.
Under Construction In each of the past 31 seasons, Nabraska has gained more rushing yards than passing yards. With the hire of Bill Callahan, a West Coast guy known for the West Coast offense, that will change.
SEC Subpoenas Target MCI Creditors Eleven members of MCI Inc.'s former creditors committee asked for documents related to confidential communications between the company and its bondholders, according to federal bankruptcy court filings. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Wall Street stocks gain on strength of Ford #39;s earnings outlook Wall Street stocks managed to gain Friday as investors looked past a sharp rise in oil prices and cheered the strength of Ford Motor Co.
Former Qwest Official Will Plead Guilty former executive at Qwest Communications International, who was scheduled to go on trial next month on charges related to accounting irregularities, will plead guilty, his lawyer said yesterday.
Frequent Flyers, Have No Fear Maybe you #39;re an elite flyer, spending as much time in airport lounges as you do with your own family. Perhaps you #39;re a miles junkie, willing to drive 150 miles out of your way to earn double points.
Thomas Boswell Phil Mickelson took cash over country. Lefty rolled the dice. It may prove the worst gamble of his risk-taking career. Of course, with about \$80 million of Callaway Golf #39;s money under his pillow, maybe Phil will sleep like a baby.
N Korean blast wasn #39;t nuclear: diplomats Diplomats who visited what North Korea claimed was the site of a huge explosion found no sign it was nuclear, a Swedish ambassador said, while South Korea said a mushroom-shaped cloud in the 
Higher Ticket Prices Spur Carnival Profit Carnival Corp.  amp; plc, the world #39;s largest cruise company, reported Friday that higher ticket prices and onboard sales propelled third-quarter earnings up 40 percent to its best three-month results ever.
Business Glance NEW YORK - Delta Air Lines Inc. #39;s bonds rose sharply in Thursday trading, a day after it offered to exchange some bonds in an attempt to stave off bankruptcy.
BlackBerry: Born Again For the Mass Market Research in Motion (RIMM ) started a revolution five years ago when it rolled out the first BlackBerry wireless e-mail device. The BlackBerry keyboard seemed too small to be usable, until you tried it.
Long hair #39; Leung sizes up HK head Hong Kong legislator-elect  quot;Long Hair quot; Leung Kwok-hung (  ) said yesterday he would ask Chief Executive Tung Chee-hwa (  ) to resign during an unprecedented meeting scheduled for today.
NL Wrap: Jones Leads Braves Closer to Division Title (Reuters) Reuters - Chipper Jones hit a three-run homer\and J.D. Drew also went deep as the Atlanta Braves continued to\close in on another division title with an 8-1 win over the\Florida Marlins in Miami Friday.
Top-Seed Spadea Advances at Millennium (AP) AP - Top-seeded Vincent Spadea beat qualifier Hugo Armando 6-3, 1-6, 6-4 Friday night to reach the semifinals of the Millennium International Tennis Championships.
NL Wrap: Jones Leads Braves Closer to Division Title  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Chipper Jones hit a three-run homer  and J.D. Drew also went deep as the Atlanta Braves continued to  close in on another division title with an 8-1 win over the  Florida Marlins in Miami Friday.
Bonds Gets No. 700 Barry Bonds hits his 700th home run Friday night, toppling another milestone and edging closer to Babe Ruth and Hank Aaron with a blast off of San Diego's Jake Peavy.
Key NI talks move into third day Northern Ireland's politicians attend a third day of talks aimed at restoring devolved government.
In Nature's Own Concert Hall, Sound Is Forever The Moab Music Festival takes the outdoor concert to the extreme by ferrying musicians, guests and instruments into a red-rock grotto.
Ecclestone shrugs off court defeat with \$500m offer BERNIE ECCLESTONE last night stood defiant as the attempt to loosen his grip on Formula One intensified with a court verdict that handed three banks control of the sport.
Macaulay Culkin Arrested on Drug Charges OKLAHOMA CITY - Former child star Macaulay Culkin was arrested on drug charges Friday during a traffic stop, authorities said.    The 24-year-old actor, best known for his role in the "Home Alone" movies, was taken into custody on complaints of possession of a controlled dangerous substance without a valid prescription and possession of marijuana, according to the Oklahoma County Sheriff's office...
Isdell #39;s pay tied to results E. Neville Isdell, Coca-Cola Co. #39;s new chairman and chief executive officer, could receive an annual compensation package worth \$15 million.
IBM Seeks Settlement of Pension Lawsuit A US District Court Judge ruled last year that Big Blue had violated age-discrimination laws by amending its pension plan in a way that would make older employees accrue retirement benefits at a lower rate than younger workers.
Teen accused of making threats about school, possessing weapons A 17-year-old was arraigned Friday after authorities received a tip from a Washington State University police officer that he was making threats in an online 
US team hits low point on first day BLOOMFIELD TOWNSHIP, Mich. One day into the Ryder Cup, American captain Hal Sutton is already working on Plan C. Sidelining this year #39;s Masters champion for this morning #39;s round of four-ball 
Loeb in front in Wales - but for how much longer? Citroen #39;s Sebastien Loeb remains in front on the Wales Rally GB tonight Friday, despite pressure from Petter Solberg late this morning, and in the afternoon, which saw the Frenchman #39;s advantage more than halved.
Czech rights summit hails Cuban dissidence PRAGUE : Former Czech president and anti-communist dissident Vaclav Havel launched a major demonstration of support for the Cuban democracy by predicting that things were set to change in the communist country.
Qualcomm to Review Accounting Practices Qualcomm plans to study whether to change its accounting practices to reflect the growing size and volatility of the mobile communications market.
I.B.M. Settles Part of Pension Lawsuit I.B.M. said that it was in talks to settle a lawsuit contending that a pension plan adopted by the company discriminated against 140,000 older workers.
No. 2 Oklahoma Expects Good Oregon Team (AP) AP - Oregon lost its season opener and dropped out of the Top 25 thanks mostly to its own mistakes.
GOP Campaign on to Help Coburn in Okla. (AP) AP - Republicans rushed to the defense of embattled Senate candidate Tom Coburn in Oklahoma on Friday, airing a television commercial that accuses his Democratic rival of being a "big time liberal" and opponent of President Bush's tax cuts.
Bonds Hits Home Run No. 700 Barry Bonds hit his 700th home run Friday night, toppling another milestone and edging closer to Babe Ruth and Hank Aaron.
Europe dominate first day BLOOMFIELD HILLS, Michigan (AFP) - Colin Montgomerie quieted an American crowd and boosted holder Europe #39;s victory hopes with a 2-and-1 triumph over US stars Tiger Woods and Phil Mickelson to open the 35th Ryder Cup.
Tennis: Safin reaches China Open semis Fifth-seeded Marat Safin of Russia easily beat American Kevin Kim 6-2, 6-4 on Friday to move into the semi-finals of the China Open.
HOLMES CONSIDERS TAKING ON DOUBLE Olympic hero Kelly Holmes is contemplating tackling another historic double in the two-day IAAF World Athletics final which begins in Monaco today.
Rain forces England, Sri Lanka into a second day SOUTHAMPTON, England (CMC) - Only 32 overs were possible in the ICC Champions Trophy limited-overs cricket match between England and Sri Lanka yesterday because of rain.
NL Wrap: Jones Leads Braves Closer to Division Title Chipper Jones hit a three-run homer and JD Drew also went deep as the Atlanta Braves continued to close in on another division title with an 8-1 win over the Florida Marlins in Miami Friday.
Mexico, Japan sign free trade agreement Mexico and Japan signed an Economic Association Agreement (EAA) here on Friday aimed at promoting the gradual liberalization of trade between two countries.
HK Paper Adds Fuel to Speculation China #39;s Jiang Out Secrecy shrouded a meeting of China #39;s Communist Party for a third day Saturday, but a Hong Kong newspaper added to speculation that military chief Jiang Zemin would 
IT execs eye Firefox with hope The latest release of the open source Web browser Firefox has spurred millions of downloads and a groundswell of anti-Internet Explorer sentiment, but IT executives question the role Firefox will play in their enterprise environments.
Crude Oil Soars to 4-Week High on Storm-Related Shutdowns Crude oil surged to a four-week high, bringing the gain this week to almost \$3 a barrel, on concern that shutdowns caused by Hurricane Ivan would further reduce inventories.
LCD makers seen delaying expansion South Korean and Japanese makers of liquid-crystal displays have slowed the opening of new factories because of overcapacity, according Corning Inc.
Karzai attack underlines Afghan election fears Thousands of kilometers away in Afghanistan itself, security experts, independent analysts and candidates are equally amazed that the polls will go ahead on October 9, in spite of insecurity and few guarantees that the vote will be free and fair.
POTA repeal smacks of votebank politics: BJP For the BJP, the repeal of POTA is a brazen attempt at practising votebank politics at the cost of national interest. The party has decided to highlight the  quot;dangerous quot; consequences that could entail the UPA 
Bush Must OK Clinton's Document Release (AP) AP - Former President Clinton will have to ask President Bush for permission to release thousands of domestic-policy records from his two terms in the White House, officials at Clinton's presidential library said Friday.
Alcatel Snaps Up Spatial Wireless Alcatel plans to acquire US-based mobile infrastructure company Spatial Wireless in a deal valued at \$250 million. The agreement gives Alcatel an avenue to expand in the US gear market.
Mr. Bush and Tax Reform IN HIS SPEECH at the Republican convention, President Bush put reform of the tax code on the agenda for a second term, saying he wants  quot;a simpler, fairer, pro-growth system.
Comair #39;s fate up in air For months, analysts speculated that Delta Air Lines might spin off its wholly owned subsidiaries -- locally based Comair Inc. and Atlantic Southeast Airlines -- to infuse cash into the ailing carrier.
New Blow for Sender ID as AOL Joins Disbelievers AOL is the latest and largest company to back away from Microsoft #39;s Sender ID software, designed to cut spam by identifying the source of the e-mail.
Police Display Weapons Confiscated From Teen #39;s Home Police arrested a 17-year-old in Clinton Township Thursday after receiving news that the boy was planning an attack on his own school.
Nose replaces mouse to surf web Dmitry Gorodnichy, an inventor from the Institute of Information Technology in Ottawa, has developed a computer navigation system that relies on the movements of a user #39;s nose to direct a cursor, New Scientist has reported.
Ford to Cut 1,150 Jobs At British Jaguar Unit Ford Motor Co. announced Friday that it would eliminate 1,150 jobs in England to streamline its Jaguar Cars Ltd. unit, where weak sales have failed to offset spending on new products and other parts of the business.
AL Wrap: Damon Lifts Red Sox Nearer to Yankees Johnny Damon drove in the winning run with a bloop single in the top of the ninth inning as the Boston Red Sox rallied to edge the New York Yankees 3-2 in an American League East showdown at Yankee Stadium on Friday.
Bonds reaches 700 milestone Barry Bonds has become only the third baseball player in history to hit 700 home runs. The San Francisco slugger reached the milestone in the Giants #39; home game against the San Diego Padres.
Rain halts qualifying for Sylvania 300 The Chase for the Championship begins Sunday exactly where it left off a week ago at Richmond International Speedway. After rain interrupted and washed out NASCAR Nextel Cup 
Mercury #39;s chance at playoffs hinges on final 2 games The Mercury, which has squandered opportunities throughout the season, has very little wiggle room left. There are a few playoff scenarios remaining, but Phoenix (16-16) probably must win the last two regular 
El-Baradei: No Sign Of Nukes At Suspect Iranian Site 17 September 2004 -- United Nations #39; nuclear watchdog head Muhammad el-Baradei said today that the International Atomic Energy Agency has found no sign of nuclear-related activity at a site in Iran which several US officials have said may be tied to 
For Bonds, It's 700 Gone and 56 to Go Barry Bonds became only the third player in Major League Baseball history to tally 700 career home runs, a milestone no one had reached in more than three decades.
Guard Supervisor Wrote to Bush's Father WASHINGTON - A packet of Texas Air National Guard records released Friday showed that the commanding officer of President Bush's basic training unit took a special interest in him as a trainee and wrote to his father to praise him. Democrats called that proof of preferential treatment...
Barry Bonds Hits 700th Career Home Run SAN FRANCISCO - Barry Bonds hit his 700th home run Friday night, toppling another milestone and edging closer to Babe Ruth and Hank Aaron in his quest to become the greatest slugger in baseball history.    Bonds rewarded his fans in the opener of the San Francisco Giants' nine-game homestand with a 392-foot opposite-field homer to left center leading off the third inning...
Microsoft #39;s rivals eat away at its browser #39;s dominance Microsoft Corp. #39;s rock-solid dominance of the Web browser market may be cracking. A new study shows its ubiquitous Internet Explorer browser continues to lose ground to its competitors.
Lithuania won #39;t pull the plug on pro-Chechen site Lithuania on Tuesday refused a Russian request to shut down a pro-Chechen Web site that published a \$20 million reward for assistance in the capture 
New computer technology replaces mouse control with facial &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; HAMISH ROBERTSON: Staying with computers, that world was opened up to many people, especially those with disabilities, by the invention of voice recognition technology.
UNDATED: 10 assists. Alana Beard had 23 points and nine rebounds to help Washington lock up a playoff spot. Washington (17-16) overcame an 11-point halftime deficit to win its fifth in a row and seventh in 10 games without Chamique Holdsclaw.
Polls show a tough fight: PM POLLS out today giving the coalition a lead over the Labor Party proved how close the contest would be, Prime Minister John Howard said today.
Bonds Hits 700th Homer, Giants Beat Padres (AP) AP - Though Barry Bonds will treasure his 700th homer, he probably wanted the San Francisco Giants' 4-1 victory over San Diego even more. Bonds hit his latest historic homer in the third inning Friday night, leading the Giants to their sixth straight win in the opener of their final nine-game homestand.
Musharraf says he may not step down as military chief: report (AFP) AFP - Pakistan President Pervez Musharraf said in an interview published here that he might renege on his pledge to step down as military chief because  quot;the vast majority quot; of the Pakistani people  quot;want me in uniform. quot;
AL Wrap: Damon Lifts Red Sox Nearer to Yankees  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Johnny Damon drove in the winning run  with a bloop single in the top of the ninth inning as the  Boston Red Sox rallied to edge the New York Yankees 3-2 in an  American League East showdown at Yankee Stadium on Friday.
House of the Rising Sum Get ready for new-home prices and remodeling costs to jump even higher because of unexpected continuing demand in America, also because of the construction explosion in China, record worldwide oil prices and, now, a triple play of devastating hurricanes.
Rain hands prime spots to top 10 Loudon, NH -- As the rain began falling late Friday afternoon at New Hampshire International Speedway, the rich in the Nextel Cup garage got richer.
Russia prepares to hit terrorists MOSCOW President Vladimir Putin said yesterday that Russia is  quot;seriously preparing quot; for pre-emptive strikes against terrorists, as a Chechen warlord claimed responsibility for attacks that have claimed more than 430 lives.
Mystics win fifth game in a row At 12-16 and without All-Star Chamique Holdsclaw, the Washington Mystics weren #39;t thinking about the postseason.  quot;It #39;s a dream come true, quot; said Alana Beard, whose 23 points and nine rebounds 
Leads Braves Closer to Division Title (Reuters) Reuters - Chipper Jones hit a three-run homer\and J.D. Drew also went deep as the Atlanta Braves continued to\close in on another division title with an 8-1 win over the\Florida Marlins in Miami on Friday.
Qualcomm falls on accounting news WASHINGTON (CBS.MW) -- Qualcomm on Friday said it may have to reduce this year #39;s revenue by \$298 million because of the way it accounts for royalty payments.
Circuit City narrows Q2 loss LONDON (CBS.MW) - Electronics retailer Circuit City Stores on Friday narrowed its fiscal second quarter loss, citing improvements in the average ticket price and extended warranty penetration rates on key merchandise.
Area New-Home Buyers Happier, Survey Shows The most satisfied new-home buyers in the Washington area last year were those who purchased a home from Pulte Homes Inc., the nation #39;s largest builder, according to a survey released this week.
Chinese police round up petitioners as party meeting enters third day (AFP) AFP - Police have rounded up more than 300 people from a squatter area in southern Beijing where petitioners from all over China have been staying as a key Communist Party meeting convened for a third day Saturday, witnesses say.
Canada Cuts Unemployment Premium by Smallest Amount Since 1995 Canada cut the premium it plans to charge workers and companies for unemployment insurance in 2005 by 7 cents, the smallest reduction since the government started lowering the rates a decade ago.
Florida Supreme Court puts Nader on state ballot (AFP) AFP - The Florida Supreme Court has ruled Ralph Nader can appear on state ballots as a presidential candidate, increasing the chance the maverick contender will again influence the outcome of the presidential election.
Havel hails anti-Castro activists The former president hosts an international conference in Prague on promoting democracy in Cuba.
EXECUTIVE SUITE Quieting skeptics, Richard Parsons, CEO of Time Warner, has taken a company that was in complete disarray and turned it into a functional enterprise.
NL: Bonds Drills 700th Career Homer Against Padres (Reuters) Reuters - San Francisco Giants slugger\Barry Bonds hit his 700th career home run on Friday to join\Hank Aaron and Babe Ruth as the only major league players to\reach the milestone.
NL: Bonds Drills 700th Career Homer Against Padres  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - San Francisco Giants slugger  Barry Bonds hit his 700th career home run on Friday to join  Hank Aaron and Babe Ruth as the only major league players to  reach the milestone.
Fueling gains Please read this first: Following is an independent investment commentary and analysis from the Reuters.com investment channel expressing views that are not connected with Reuters News.
Report says consumer confidence about the same NEW YORK - Consumers #39; assessment of the economy held largely steady this month, according to a university research report released Friday.
IBM in pension settlement talks NEW YORKIBM said yesterday it is in talks to settle a mammoth lawsuit alleging a pension plan adopted by the firm in the 1990s discriminated against 140,000 older workers.
Michigan teen held on charges he planned bloody attack CLINTON TOWNSHIP, MICH. - A 17-year-old boy was arrested and police found weapons, ammunition and bomb-making gear in his home after a tip that he was making threats online against his high school, fellow students and an officer assigned to the building.
AOL Opposed to Microsoft #39;s Sender ID AOL is the latest and largest company to back away from Microsoft #39;s Sender ID software, designed to cut spam by identifying the source of the e-mail.
Astronauts fix space station #39;s fluctuating oxygen generator The astronauts aboard the international space station repaired their crippled oxygen generator Friday after replacing an internal electronics component.
IBM Launches Grid-Computing Projects In addition to EPA, IBM announced five new commercial grid projects, including Siemens mobile, NTT Com, and Sinopec, as well as ten new application-software companies that have readied their products for grid computing.
Americans knocked into States of shock BLOOMFIELD TOWNSHIP, Mich. -- When yesterday #39;s Ryder Cup pairings were announced, Bernhard Langer knew his team had been given an opportunity.
Red Sox beat Rivera, Yankees to pull within 2 1/2 Bronx, NY (Sports Network) - Orlando Cabrera and Johnny Damon each had RBI singles in a two-run ninth inning, as the Boston Red Sox beat star closer Mariano Rivera and the New York Yankees, 3-2, to further tighten the American League East race.
Rainout gives Gordon pole for start of Chase for the Championship LOUDON, NH - The 10 NASCAR Nextel Cup drivers who qualified for the 10-race Chase for the Championship all got together Friday morning at New Hampshire International Speedway for a group photo.
Dobbs #39; double lifts M #39;s Greg Dobbs hit a bases-clearing double in the seventh inning last night, leading the Mariners to a 6-3 victory over Oakland at Safeco Field.
Spadea rallies to beat qualifier; makes semis DELRAY BEACH - Vince Spadea snapped out of a mid-match freefall in time to achieve something he never managed before -n upright landing in the semifinals of the Millennium International Tennis Championships at the Delray Beach Tennis Center.
 #39;IAEA may have to  quot;beg quot; Iran for more cooperation #39; LONDON, Sep 17 (IranMania) - Iran #39;s powerful former president Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani warned Friday that the International Atomic Energy Agencymay have to  quot;beg quot; for Tehran #39;s cooperation if it bows to US pressure.
Putin strengthens his authoritarian regime The hostage drama in North Ossetia, which resulted in the deaths of hundreds of schoolchildren, parents and teachers, has revealed the enormous gulf between the interests of the Russian 
Decision on dams soon, says Rashid LAHORE - Federal Minister for Information, Sheikh Rashid Ahmed Friday reiterated that President Pervez Musharraf should retain both the offices in view of the changed internal situation and geo-political conditions of the region.
Karzai attack underlines Afghan poll fears KABUL: At a campaign rally in Minnesota, US President George W Bush hailed democratic progress in Afghanistan and plans for presidential elections next month as  quot;unbelievable quot;.
Death toll rises in Lagos pipeline fire THE Police confirmed yesterday that between 30 and 50 people were killed in Thursdays pipeline explosion at Imore village in Lagos.
US stocks end higher; Dow snaps 5-week winning streak NEW YORK (CBS.MW) -- US stocks ended higher Friday, buoyed by a raft of positive corporate news, including a raised earnings outlook from Ford, but a near 4 percent rise in crude-oil prices kept a lid on gains.
Japan suspends Citibank #39;s private operations Japanese financial authorities announced yesterday that they are punishing Citibank by suspending private banking operations for a year at four of its branches after finding problems with their operations.
A flick of a Bic defeats Kryptonite bike locks Denver messenger Sam Turner darts in and out of offices around town, never leaving his bicycle unattended for more than a couple of minutes.
Alitalia, flight attendants agree on crucial accord: report ROME : Alitalia management and flight attendants reached agreement on a crucial deal early Saturday on job cuts that would allow the struggling airline to keep flying, union sources quoted by ANSA news agency said.
E. German Voters Turning to Fringe Groups (AP) AP - Parties on the fringes of Germany's political spectrum have been given an eager reception in the depressed east ahead of state elections this weekend, luring voters with a mix of xenophobic standards and new complaints over plans to reduce much-needed benefits.
MICK SENT TO BENCH BLOOMFIELD TWP., Mich. - There are still two more days of this 35th Ryder Cup to be played out, but unless something dramatic occurs in favor of the US team, Phil 
Boston eclipse Yankees Johnny Damon drove in the winning run as the Boston Red Sox staged a comeback to beat the New York Yankees 3-2. Trailing 2-1 to their AL East rivals, the Red Sox hit two runs off Mariano Rivera in the ninth inning to snatch victory.
Suzuki breaks singles record CBC SPORTS ONLINE - Seattle Mariners outfielder Ichiro Suzuki is the new single-season singles king of Major League Baseball. Suzuki broke the 77-year-old record with his 199th single of the year.
German nationalists count on resentment STOLLBERG, Germany If Chancellor Gerhard Schrder wants to understand why his governing Social Democrats will lose votes Sunday in elections in the eastern German states of Brandenburg and Saxony, he need only visit the small town of Stollberg.
Hong Kong Pro-Democracy Lawmakers Invited to China Reception A leading Hong Kong anti-establishment activist who won a seat in the Chinese territory #39;s legislature has been invited to a reception celebration China #39;s National Day.
Seven Die in Ambush on Venezuela-Colombia Border  CARACAS, Venezuela (Reuters) - Six Venezuelan soldiers and  an oil engineer were killed when an armed group attacked a  military patrol and state oil company employees near the border  with Colombia, Venezuela's defense minister said.
Baseball: Bonds hits milestone Barry Bonds becomes only the third baseball player to hit 700 home runs.
Ivan Remains Hit Eastern U.S., Flood Homes CASHIERS, N.C. - The violent remains of Hurricane Ivan pounded a large swath of the eastern United States on Friday, drenching an area from Georgia to Ohio, washing out dozens of homes, sweeping cars down roadways and trapping more than 100 students at an elementary school...
Guard Supervisor Wrote to Bush's Father WASHINGTON - The latest records to surface from President Bush's service in the Texas Air National Guard show that one commander took an unusual interest in the congressman's son during his basic training.    The officer in charge of the unit where Bush took his basic training wrote to then-Rep...
IPod Rivals Square Off Against Apple  NEW YORK (Billboard) - The next wave of iPod competitors is  coming.
JAPAN GIVES CITI LATEST BLACK EYE the division that caters to the ultra-rich -fter regulators discovered  quot;serious violations of laws and regulations 
Woods woeful in Ryder Cup US captain Hal Sutton has dumped Masters champ Phil Mickelson for the morning fourball matches on day two of the battle for golf #39;s Ryder Cup against the Europeans.
Sox pour it on in 9th to threaten NY reign: Solve Rivera for big 3 &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The last time the Red Sox stats, schedule played at Yankee Stadium, shortstop Nomar Garciaparra was nowhere to be found after making himself unavailable due to ongoing aches and pains.
HK leader to meet top protester HONG KONG - Veteran protester Leung Kwok-hung, who won a seat in legislative elections, says he will demand the resignation of Hong Kong #39;s leader when the two hold face-to-face talks on Saturday, media reports said.
IPod Rivals Square Off Against Apple (Reuters) Reuters - The next wave of iPod competitors is\coming.
European dominance A pairing that US captain Hal Sutton said was two years in the making was two holes in the breaking during the first day of the 35th Ryder Cup at Oakland Hills Country Club #39;s South Course.
Russian terror dooms Jazz trip The Utah Jazz were really getting energized by the approach of their scheduled trip to Moscow to play CSKA, Andrei Kirilenko #39;s former team, in an NBA preseason opener on Oct. 8.  quot;This whole adventure of going 
Gartner: Consumers Dissatisfied with Online Security Consumers feel passwords no longer enough protection for online transactions.
Inland, Too, Are the Sights and Scents of a Disaster Away from the ocean, in the Florida Panhandle's interior, the imprint of Hurricane Ivan not only was visible on Friday but also hung pungently in the air.
US bolsters force for Afghan poll The US is to send up to 1,100 extra troops to Afghanistan to provide security for next month's elections.
Japan Shuts Citigroup Private Bank Citigroup Inc., the world #39;s largest bank, was forced to close its private banking operations in Japan after the nation #39;s financial regulator reported it had found  quot;serious quot; breaches.
Mexico FTA paves way for Asian trade agreements MEXICO CITY -- Japan signed a free trade agreement (FTA) with Mexico on Friday, the first such pact to cover the politically sensitive agricultural sector, officials said.
Day of Violence Across Iraq Leaves 52 Dead BAGHDAD, Iraq - A suicide car bomber slammed into a line of police cars sealing off a Baghdad neighborhood Friday as American troops rounded up dozens of suspected militants, capping a day of violence across Iraq that left at least 52 dead.    Among the 63 suspects arrested were Syrians, Sudanese and Egyptians, officials said...
Former Qwest executive negotiating settlement with SEC A former Qwest Communications executive is negotiating a possible settlement of SEC charges against him. The Securities and Exchange Commission has accused Michael Felicissimo of fraud that led to overstated wireless revenues at Qwest.
Covington orthodontist facing pornography charge A Covington orthodontist was charged yesterday with communicating with a minor for immoral purposes and possession of child pornography.
Business News for Technology Leaders Judge Cuts Legal Fees in &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Lawyers in a California class action suit against Microsoft will get less than half the payout they had hoped for. A judge in San Francisco ruled that the attorneys will collect only \$112.
Man arrested in UK in Cisco code theft A 20-year-old man has been arrested in England in the theft of the proprietary software blueprints used by Cisco Systems Inc. #39;s networking equipment, police and the company confirmed Friday.
International Space Station Status Report: SS04-031 Almost two weeks of troubleshooting is paying off for the two Expedition 9 crewmembers. Today they restarted the International Space Station #39;s primary oxygen generating unit.
Benching suggests Lefty #39;s routine isn #39;t working BLOOMFIELD TOWNSHIP, Mich. -- Phil Mickelson was hoping this was the season when he finally could wear the title of  quot;major champion.
Historic HR bridges 2 eras SAN FRANCISCO - What Babe Ruth was to the first half of the 20th century and Hank Aaron was to the second, Barry Bonds has become for the home run generation.
Loeb claims Rally of Britain lead CARDIFF, Wales -- Citroen #39;s championship leader Sebastien Loeb made a flying start to the Rally of Britain on Friday to seize the lead from Ford #39;s overnight front-runner Francois Duval.
Cards edge D-Backs; Webb gets quick heave ST. LOUIS - Brandon Webb didn #39;t intentionally hit Cardinals starting pitcher Woody Williams with a pitch on Friday. Williams got nailed, and even he disagreed with home plate umpire Jerry Layne for ejecting 
NHL owners, players are so far apart, some fear lockout could last &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; If men are from Mars and women are from Venus, where does that leave NHL officials and members of the NHL Players #39; Association?
Top-seed Spadea, No. 3 seed Ancic advances to semifinals Top-seeded Vincent Spadea beat qualifier Hugo Armando 6-3, 1-6, 6-4 Friday night to reach the semifinals of the Millennium International Tennis Championships.
Utah game in Moscow called off The National Basketball Association announced Friday an exhibition game scheduled to be played in Moscow would not be played due to safety concerns.
Sudan Sanctions  #39;Could Be Counter Productive #39; Imposing sanctions on the government of Sudan in a bid to resolve the crisis in the Darfur region of the country could prove counter productive, a Foreign Office minister warned today.
Suicide Car Bomb Kills 10 in Kirkuk -Officials  KIRKUK, Iraq (Reuters) - A suicide car bomb attack on  Saturday outside the regional headquarters of the Iraqi  National Guard in the northern Iraqi city of Kirkuk killed 10,  officials said.
Media giants merge SINGAPORE: Singapore #39;s two biggest media groups yesterday announced a merger of their loss-making television and newspaper operations just four years after competition was introduced in the industry.
Besieged bike-lock firm plans product upgrade Canton lockmaker Kryptonite yesterday disclosed a broad upgrade program for its well-known bike locks after many cyclists complained the products can be picked open with ballpoint pens.
Ex-Qwest exec will alter plea Former Qwest Communications executive Thomas Hall agreed on Friday to plead guilty to an unspecified charge that will wrap up the first criminal case brought as part of the government #39;s 
With US stars off, European rout is on Hal Sutton wasn #39;t blaming Phil Mickelson. The captain of the US Ryder Cup team wasn #39;t blaming anyone. But he was frustrated and at least a little peeved, and someone asked.
Ford boosts earnings outlook Detroit: The Ford Motor Company has surprised analysts by offering a brighter outlook for the third quarter and 2004 earnings, even as it announced it was swinging the axe at its luxury Jaguar division.
Bonds most comfortable on the field Now, of course, the question jumps right off the page: Is it possible for a player to continue to excel while plying his trade directly in front of a sign that compares him with the immortals of his industry?
One Leak plays, other Leak sits CJ Leak left spring practice as Tennessee #39;s No. 1 quarterback, and a showdown with younger brother Chris appeared to be in the making when the Volunteers played Florida.
Responsibility taken for school siege In an Internet posting, a Chechen warlord with a \$10 million bounty on his head has apparently claimed responsibility for the Beslan school siege 
Indon police arrest 4 over embassy bombing JAKARTA - Authorities have arrested four people allegedly connected to last week #39;s deadly bombing at the Australian Embassy, Indonesia #39;s police chief said on Saturday.
N. Korean blast remains a mystery; speculation rife SEOUL, South Korea - Was that a mushroom cloud that the satellite saw hovering menacingly over North Korea or merely a patch of bad weather?
Is Jiang Zemin stepping down? Beijing (AsiaNews) - Sources in the Chinese capital revealed to AsiaNews that Jiang Zemin is going to step down tomorrow as chairman of the Central Military Commission, making way for President Hu Jintao to become the mainland #39;s undisputed leader.
India warned over Australia Tests Cricket authorities say there must be TV pictures for next month's India-Australia Test series to go ahead.
Agreement reached on Iran resolution VIENNA -- The United States and most other nations at a meeting of the UN atomic watchdog agency agreed yesterday on a resolution meant to curb Iran's access to technology that could be used for nuclear weapons, and indirectly set a deadline for Tehran to meet their demands.
Impatience with Sudanese government triggers violence MORNIE, Sudan -- They descended on the government official with sticks, shouting that he was no better than the Arab horseman they say attacked them and forced them from their homes and leaving him a bloodied illustration of the rage of Darfur's displaced.
In Mexico, high price for drug bargains TIJUANA, Mexico -- Californians shopping for cheaper prescription drugs may have gotten a break when the state Legislature voted to ease access to low-cost medicines from Canada, but south of the border, bargain-hunters can pay an unexpected, traumatic cost -- time in a Mexican jail.
A Mild Shanghai Lawyer and His Accidental Crusade The personal history of Guo Guoting is of the hard-knock variety commonplace in China, where one old rule endures: you can't fight City Hall.
Musharraf Goes to U.S. in Search of Peace and Praise (Reuters) Reuters - Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf\travels to the United Nations in New York Sunday to push peace\with rival India and collect praise for arrests he says have\broken al Qaeda's back in the war against terror.
Car Bomb Explodes in Kirkuk, Iraq; 10 Dead (AP) AP - A suicide attacker detonated a car bomb outside the Iraqi National Guard headquarters in the northern city of Kirkuk on Saturday, killing at least 10 people and wounding 20, officials said.
Why The Open-Source Model Can Work In India (TechWeb) TechWeb - An Indian Institute of Technology professor--and open-source evangelist--discusses the role of Linux and open source in India.
Passwords Fail To Defend Enterprises (TechWeb) TechWeb - Passwords, the dominant form of securing enterprise assets, are a failure, a research firm says.
Apple Ships Security Patch For iChat (TechWeb) TechWeb - Apple Computer Inc. released a security patch for its Mac OS X iChat instant messaging client.
IBM triples transistor performance with germanium IBMhas successfully demonstrated a new technique for improving transistor performance that will help the company build smaller, more powerful chips in the next decade, company researchers said Monday.
Apple high No romantic comedies on the big screen in the visitors clubhouse at 161st Street last night as the Red Sox prepared to renew their epic struggle for supremacy against the Yankees.
Team refuses to cool it on practice The Patriots practiced for 90 minutes early yesterday afternoon before temperatures soared past 100 degrees in the greater Phoenix area.
Stoneham finishes the job A good team knows how to put its opponent away, and that is exactly what the top-ranked Stoneham boys' soccer team did yesterday in a 4-0 win over visiting Wakefield, although it took a while.
Iraqi car bomb kills 10 in Kirkuk Iraqi police say at least 10 people are killed in a suicide attack on national guard recruits in Kirkuk.
Dilboy Field to get a facelift The concrete is crumbling, trees have grown through the bleachers, and the restrooms are unusable. But thanks to \$8 million included in the supplemental state budget signed by Governor Mitt Romney yesterday, Somerville's Dilboy Field has a bright future.
Acton-Boxboro makes it 39 straight Stop us when this sounds familiar. Top-ranked Acton-Boxboro continued its winning streak last night thanks in large part to the Abare brothers, who had a hand in all three Colonial touchdowns in the 21-7 victory at Chelmsford.
B-R's risk was worth the reward Bridgewater-Raynham coach Dan Buron better throw his copy of Kenny Rogers'  quot;The Gambler quot; into the CD player and drive over to Foxwoods.
Delay urged on LNG facility Massachusetts Attorney General Thomas F. Reilly is urging federal regulators to hold off on approving a proposed Fall River liquefied natural gas terminal. Reilly told the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission that it  quot;should defer any decision on the Weaver's Cove facility until true siting standards are in place and a regional plan is developed quot; that evaluates whether the Taunton River ...
We're talking real 'green' energy Scientists at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology have proved what Popeye already knew -- spinach is an excellent energy source. It's so good that in 10 years, our cellphones and portable computers may be coated in a spinach-based material that provides their electrical power.
NL notebook: Braves getting close to another division crown Playing a weekend series in Florida, the Atlanta Braves are eager to make their big lead in the National League East even bigger. Chipper Jones hit a three-run homer to help overcome an early deficit last 
Storm blows oil price back above \$45 US new yorkCrude oil surged to a four-week high yesterday, bringing the gain this week to almost \$3 (US) a barrel, on concern shutdowns caused by Hurricane Ivan will further reduce US inventories.
United seeks \$500M more in cuts CHICAGO -- United Airlines has notified a bankruptcy judge it needs to cut \$500 million US more in costs than previously stated. The disclosure was made in a filing intended to update the judge before a hearing yesterday on the airline #39;s status.
Orlovsky not bitter at BC UConn senior quarterback Dan Orlovsky has admitted that he probably would have gone to Boston College if offered a scholarship. But 
Liberty earns playoff berth The New York Liberty made sure it wrapped up a playoff spot sooner than later. New York beat the Connecticut Sun 69-66 last night behind Crystal Robinson #39;s season 
Election focus: terror A deadly suicide bombing in Jakarta has pushed terror onto Indonesia #39;s election agenda, with both candidates in next week #39;s polls explaining how they would prevent further terror attacks.
Consumers reportedly dissatisfied with online security The results of a survey conducted by Gartnerand shared with IDG News Service show that online consumers are growing frustrated with the lack of security provided by banks and online retailers, and feel that passwords are no longer sufficient to secure their online transactions.
U.S. Says Iran 'Isolated' in Nuclear Quest (Reuters) Reuters - A senior U.S. official said on Saturday\Iran was "completely isolated" in what he called its pursuit of\nuclear weapons and that this would be reflected in a draft\resolution to be debated by the U.N. nuclear watchdog.
U.S. Says Iran 'Isolated' in Nuclear Quest  VIENNA (Reuters) - A senior U.S. official said on Saturday  Iran was "completely isolated" in what he called its pursuit of  nuclear weapons and that this would be reflected in a draft  resolution to be debated by the U.N. nuclear watchdog.
Car Bomb Explodes in Kirkuk, Iraq; 10 Dead KIRKUK, Iraq - A suicide attacker detonated a car bomb outside the Iraqi National Guard headquarters in the northern city of Kirkuk on Saturday, killing at least 10 people and wounding 20, officials said.    The blast tore through a crowd of people waiting to apply for jobs in the force, said National Guard Gen...
 #39;Coventry Will Bounce Back from Jaguar Jobs Blow #39; Business leaders believe the city of Coventry will bounce back despite the disappointment of todays decision by Jaguar to cut hundreds of jobs at its historic Browns Lane plant.
Notebook: Rain ends NASCAR qualifying It was an inauspicious start to the 10-race playoff for NASCAR #39;s Nextel Cup championship, with rain washing out qualifying yesterday at New Hampshire International Speedway.
No. 700 for Bonds SAN FRANCISCO -- Though Barry Bonds will treasure his 700th homer, he probably wanted the San Francisco Giants #39; 4-1 victory over San Diego even more.
Rivera brought heat after hit The face of Mariano Rivera, normally as placid as a pond in winter, was contorted in anger.  quot;Catch that ball, c #39;mon, quot; were the words that appeared 
Rox ask Kennedy to derail Dodgers com. Rockies lefty Joe Kennedy will make his second start against the Los Angeles Dodgers this season on Saturday at Coors Field in Game 2 of a three-game set.
Suicide car bomber kills at least 13 in Baghdad BAGHDAD: A suicide car bomber killed at least 13 people in an attack on a police checkpoint in Baghdad last night, after US air strikes around rebel-held Falluja that killed scores.
Taliban Suspected in Failed Karzai Attack A failed rocket attack on a US helicopter carrying President Hamid Karzai was carried out by a self-confessed Taliban commando, Afghanistan #39;s top law-enforcer said Saturday.
Wall Street upbeat despite oil-price rise Investors looked past a spike in oil prices yesterday, sending stocks higher on the strength of Ford #39;s bullish profit outlook.
Circuit City reports smaller second-quarter loss Circuit City Stores Inc., the No. 2 US electronics chain, said yesterday its second-quarter loss narrowed to \$11.9 million as the company sold more plasma-screen televisions and benefited from the acquisition of a Canadian retailer.
More non-energy trusts cut cash payouts to investors TORONTO -- Non-energy income trusts continue to disappoint investors, with two more cutting or suspending cash distributions to unit-holders this week and causing the value of their units to plummet.
Amazon offers discount to A9 search users Online retailer Amazon.com Inc is offering a 1.57 per cent shopping discount to registered users of its new A9 Web search service as a way to increase A9 use and promote buying on Amazon, the company #39;s Web site showed on Friday.
Utah Jazz: Russia trip cancelled Citing safety concerns, NBA commissioner David Stern announced Friday that the Jazz #39;s scheduled preseason game against CSKA Moscow on Oct. 8 in the Russian capital has been cancelled.
Showdown Vote Likely on Iran Resolution (AP) AP - China and Pakistan are among nations demanding the United States and its allies on the board of the U.N. atomic watchdog agency tone down a proposed resolution designed to ease Western fears about Iran's nuclear agenda.
Leaders can point to washout Martin Truex Jr., driving the No. 1 Chevrolet, had the ninth-fastest time in yesterday morning's practice session for tomorrow's NASCAR Sylvania 300 at New Hampshire International Speedway.
Craven is riding a wave of emotion Ricky Craven of Newburgh, Maine, is driving his final race in the No. 32 Tide Chevrolet in tomorrow's Sylvania 300 NASCAR Nextel Cup race at New Hampshire International Speedway.
Group threatens to kill hostages Arab TV channel al-Jazeera shows footage of what it says are three Western hostages kidnapped this week.
Rivera brought heat after hit NEW YORK -- The face of Mariano Rivera, normally as placid as a pond in winter, was contorted in anger.
NL notables Montreal's Tony Armas Jr. was a late scratch for his start at Philadelphia because of tendinitis in his right shoulder.
Game speaks volumes for Melamed Guy Melamed admits that when he first came to Boston College, he'd get fidgety during class.
Today's schedule Auto racing: NASCAR Nextel Cup Sylvania 300 practice at N.H. International Speedway, Loudon, 9:30 and 11:10 a.m.; NASCAR Craftsman Truck Sylvania 200 at N.H. International Speedway, Loudon, 1 p.m.; NASCAR Busch North Sylvania 125 at N.H. International Speedway, Loudon, 3 p.m.
Preview day for Cup contenders Four major races will be held tomorrow as earnest preparation begins for the Breeders' Cup at Lone Star Oct. 30. Belmont Park will host the \$300,000 Matron for 2-year-old fillies, at 1 mile, the \$300,000 Futurity, for 2-year-old colts, also at a mile, and the \$300,000 Ruffian Handicap for fillies and mares at a mile and one-16th. Woodbine will hold ...
Texas's Francisco banned for rest of year Texas Rangers pitcher Frank Francisco was suspended for the rest of the season and fined yesterday for throwing a chair that hit a woman and broke her nose during a game in Oakland earlier this week.
Quick pick is De La Hoya At first glance, it appears the advantages lie with undisputed middleweight champion Bernard Hopkins in his title defense against Oscar De La Hoya tonight. But looks can be deceiving, as De La Hoya has proven throughout his career.
Angels narrow the gap Vladimir Guerrero homered twice, and Troy Glaus and Jose Guillen also hit home runs as the Angels moved within a game of the first place Oakland Athletics in the West with a 9-5 victory over the Texas Rangers last night in Anaheim, Calif.
Captain picks effort apart Europe 6 1/2, US 1 1/2.  quot;Well, we made some history today, quot; said Hal Sutton, the man who presided over the worst first day ever experienced by an American Ryder Cup team.
Knight blames pampered Olympians Bob Knight said yesterday that the US Olympic men's basketball team didn't win the gold medal in Athens last month because the players were too pampered on and off the court. The Texas Tech coach, speaking to the San Antonio Sports Foundation, said things would have been different had he been leading the team instead of Larry Brown . For ...
Alitalia to Trim Flight-Attendant Jobs for Total of 3,689 Cuts Alitalia SpA, Italy #39;s largest airline, plans to cut a total of 3,689 jobs after winning concessions from flight attendants #39; unions on cost-cutting targets aimed at saving the carrier from running out of money, union officials said.
AmWest adds ticket fees Following the lead of other major carriers, Tempe-based America West Airlines announced Friday that it will begin charging a \$5 fee for a ticket bought over the phone and a \$10 fee for a ticket bought at an airport counter.
Aussie Ellis third in LPGA event Australia #39;s Michelle Ellis is three strokes off the pace after the first round of the LPGA event in Portland, Oregon. Ellis fired a 4-under-par 68 to be two shots behind outright leader, American Brandi Jackson on 6-under.
N.Irish Talks Deadlocked with Time Running Short (Reuters) Reuters - The British and Irish\prime ministers struggled to break an apparent deadlock in\talks aimed at sealing a final peace settlement for Northern\Ireland as a deadline loomed.
Indian troops kill five Muslim rebels in Kashmir (AFP) AFP - Indian troops shot dead five Islamic militants in three separate clashes in Indian-administered Kashmir, a police spokesman said.
Accounting news sends stock down Qualcomm shares fell yesterday after the wireless technology giant said it may change the way it accounts for royalties on its financial statements.
Delay in IBM pension case The judge presiding over a massive pension suit against IBM, which could cost the company more than \$6.5 billion, agreed Friday to a delay while settlement talks continue.
Treo and Blackberry compete for Phone/PDA crown It was 10 years ago that IBM and BellSouth teamed up to create the first device that merged a cell phone with a digital organizer.
Mickelson benched by captain Hal No one ever will know if Phil Mickelson would have done better had he not changed equipment a week before the Ryder Cup, or if he had practiced with the team Wednesday instead of taking the week off.
Bonds #39; 700 odyssey: Homer, sweet homer SAN FRANCISCO - An avid fisherman not wholly unfamiliar with watercraft, Bruce Bochy knows his trawler from his zodiac, his canoe from his kayak.
Rallying against Rivera Beating Mariano Rivera once in a season, as the Boston Red Sox did on July 24, is unbelievable. Twice? Almost unthinkable. Yet, it happened again Friday night -- and at Yankee Stadium no less.
Rain frustrates England #39;s fightback Persistent drizzle, which forced the players from the field shortly before one o #39;clock, lingered long enough to prevent play restarting, and so everyone will be back at 10.
Iraqi Airways to return to the skies Iraq #39;s national carrier Iraqi Airways will resume international flights on Saturday after 14 years of being grounded by war and sanctions.
Donors offer extra \$40m to fight locusts in west Africa ROME - Donor nations have pledged an additional \$40m (about R264m) to help fight a devastating locust invasion in west Africa, but urgent action is now needed to tackle the crisis, the head of the UN #39;s Food and Agriculture Organisation said yesterday.
GRONHOLM CAN BOUNCE BACK - PROVERA Peugeot boss Corrado Provera expects Marcus Gronholm to bounce back today after wet weather saw him slip off the pace in the Wales Rally GB.
Having a ball The Red Sox rode into Yankee Stadium on Friday with the confidence that comes from playing like the best team in baseball and having the wild card in your back pocket.
UPDATE 1-Windies win toss, field v South Africa West Indies captain Brian Lara won the toss and chose to field in the ICC Champions Trophy Group B decider with South Africa at the Oval on Saturday.
National League: Braves closing in on another crown Chipper Jones hit a three-run homer to help Atlanta overcome an early deficit last night, and the Braves reduced their magic number for clinching the NL East to eight by beating the Florida Marlins 8-1.
Indonesian Police Have 10 Suspects in Embassy Bombing Case Indonesian police are investigating 10 suspects of possible involvement in last week #39;s bomb attack outside the Australian embassy in the capital Jakarta, National Police chief Da #39;i Bachtiar said.
Minister defends march decision The rural affairs minister defends his decision to drop out of a right to roam march amid the threat of protests.
Bonds Joins Ruth, Aaron in 700 Club (AP) AP - As Barry Bonds' numbers rise, the words to describe them become less adequate. When the slugger hit his 700th homer, only daughter Aisha could sum up the history and majesty of the blast. "My dad is the best player," the 5-year-old said.
Red Sox Rally Past Yankees in Ninth (AP) AP - After coming back against Mariano Rivera for the second time this season, the Boston Red Sox think they'll overtake the New York Yankees in the AL East. Orlando Cabrera and Johnny Damon hit RBI singles in the ninth inning Friday night in Boston's 3-2 victory that cut the Yankees' lead to 2 1/2 games.
Oracle president avoids controversy SAN FRANCISCO - Oracle President Charles Phillips opened Oracle's largest user show to date with a keynote address that avoided controversial topics like Oracle's hostile bid for PeopleSoftand focused instead on a high-level overview of Oracle's vision for flexible, integrated IT systems.
Sportsview: Sutton Gets Ryder Cup Bill (AP) AP - When U.S. captain Hal Sutton sent Tiger Woods and Phil Mickelson out as his lead pair in the Ryder Cup, he didn't even want to think about what would happen if they got beat.
Cisco touts core router customers, smaller platform A research center in Pittsburgh as well as a broadband service provider and an academic network in Japan all have bought Cisco System's first totally new core routing platform in seven years, which was introduced with fanfare in June, the company announced Monday.
Leading indicators This year #39;s hurricane season has many homeowners looking more closely at the fine print on their insurance policies, and many investors eyeing the impact on insurance stocks.
Cooper sells Tire maker Cooper Tire  amp; Rubber Co. has sold its Detroit-area auto supplier business -- known as Cooper-Standard Automotive -- to two New York private-equity firms.
Wilson sets the pace at Texas Open SAN ANTONIO -- Dean Wilson shot a five-under 65 on Friday and led Ted Purdy by a stroke halfway through the Texas Open. Wilson was at 11-under 129 after 36 holes at the La Cantera Golf Club course in the rocky hills just north of San Antonio.
Today #39;s games Injuries: Michigan State -- LB Seth Mitchell (knee), questionable. Notre Dame -- RB Ryan Grant (hamstring), probable. Overview: The Spartans, going for their seventh victory in eight games vs.
Catching a Virus in the Act Scientists get their first look at a virus attaching to DNA. Physical proof of this surprising interaction could lead to drugs that can stop some infections. By Kristen Philipkoski.
Convoy for Homeland Security A federal grant pays for a program that recruits and trains truckers to be on the lookout for safety hazards and suspicious behavior. By Ryan Singel.
Tech Groups Want Induce Hearings Over 40 technology companies and organizations send a letter to the Senate Judiciary Committee asking it to hold public hearings on the controversial Induce Act before moving forward. By Katie Dean.
Rain Puts 10 Title Contenders Up Front (AP) AP - Right now, things are going Jeff Gordon's way  #151; and that should enhance his chances of winning a fifth NASCAR championship. Thanks to a rainout of qualifying Friday at New Hampshire International Speedway, points leader Gordon will start from the pole in the first event of the new 10-race playoff for the Nextel Cup championship.
Searchsite: A9 bowls a Googly SAN FRANCISCO: Thought nothing web search is synonymous with Google? Think again. Amazon new search site A9.com is set to better the mother of all search engines.
Europe sets tone, trumps US duo of Woods, Lefty Bloomfield Township, Mich.- Nobody plays the underdog card better than European Ryder Cup players. It explains why Padraig Harrington and Colin Montgomerie practically tripped over people to get to the first tee Friday morning.
VILLENEUVE FIRED UP FOR BATTLE Jacques Villeneuve has admitted he is desperate to get one over on former team BAR after signing a three-race deal with Renault. Renault and BAR are currently vying for second in the constructors championship.
Youzhny upsets Paradorn to reach Beijing final Russian Mikhail Youzhny upset sixth seed Paradorn Srichaphan 6-4 6-4 on Saturday to reach the final of the China Open. Fifth seed Marat Safin, also from Russia, faces Jarkko Nieminen 
Marcus Gronholm out of the race he difficult road conditions created a few incidents in the first run of the Epynt stage. Francois Duval takes his second stage victory since the start of the rally, nine tenths better than Sebastien Loeb #39;s performance in second position.
Windies win toss, field v S. Africa - Champions Trophy  PREVIEW-Cricket-South Africa, West Indies seek semi-final spot September 17, 2004 02:00:15 LONDON, Sept 18 (Reuters) - South Africa and West Indies came into the ICC Champions Trophy as the least fancied of the established sides but one will progress 
Ancic reaches semis at Millennium DELRAY BEACH, Fla. (Ticker) -- Third seed Mario Ancic was the only seeded player remaining in the bottom half of the draw at the Millennium International.
In our view: North Korea #39;s ominous blast explosion in North Korea wasn #39;ta nuclear bomb doesn #39;t mean the world community should ignore it. Secretary of State Colin Powell said evidence supports North Korea #39;s statement that the blast was to remove part of a mountain for a hydroelectric.
Pipeline blast kills 12 in Lagos At least 12 people have been killed in an explosion at a fuel pipeline on the outskirts of the Nigerian city, Lagos. Reports from Imore village, to the north of Nigeria #39;s biggest city, say that some of the 
Malaysia #39;s ruling party told to put Anwar issue aside KUALA LUMPUR: Malaysia #39;s deputy premier has urged his ruling party to stop speculating on the possible political comeback of Anwar Ibrahim and remain focused on its annual congress next week.
BT will switch its call center network to VoIP One challenge will be to link the call center with back-office databases of CRM applications so that agents can see, for example, the identity of the caller and the history of their account.
Red Sox Rally Past Yankees in Ninth After coming back against Mariano Rivera for the second time this season, the Boston Red Sox think they'll overtake the New York Yankees in the AL East. Orlando Cabrera and Johnny Damon hit RBI singles in the ninth inning Friday night in Boston's 3-2 victory that cut the Yankees' lead to 2 1/2 games...
Ivan Remnants Wreak Havoc Across Southeast CASHIERS, N.C. - The remnants of Hurricane Ivan left behind a violent mark on the Southeast, killing several people, washing away scores of roads, leaving thousands without electricity and sending search teams to scour damaged areas for stranded residents...
United Says It Must Cut Costs an Additional \$500 Million United Airlines said on Friday that it would need about \$500 million more in annual cost cuts, in addition to the \$655 million now planned.
Qwest case to see plea deal Thomas Hall, one of four former midlevel Qwest executives charged with fraud in a 2001 equipment sale, will plead guilty to a misdemeanor, his attorney, Jeffrey Springer, said Friday.
Orthodontist charged over Internet chats King County prosecutors charged a Covington orthodontist yesterday with engaging in sexually explicit Internet conversations with several girls, including three current or former patients, and with dealing child pornography.
Windies win toss and field WEST INDIES captain Brian Lara won the toss and put South Africa into bat in the ICC Champions Trophy Pool B deciding match at The Oval today.
Youzhny reaches China final Russian Mikhail Youzhny reached the final of the China Open with a surprise win over Paradorn Srichaphan. The sixth-seeded Thai struggled to find his rhythm and dropped his serve in each set to lose 6-4 6-4.
Motorsport: Solberg #39;s stage hat-trick PETTER SOLBERG and Welsh co-driver Phil Mills reeled in Wales Rally GB leader Sebastien Loeb with a stage win hat-trick yesterday.
Walker off to running start with Irish Its lineage is as long as it is distinguished, conjuring up a who #39;s who among Notre Dame football greats. Some of the best players in Fighting Irish history have graced the No.
US pounds Falluja A suicide car bomber killed at least eight people in an attack on a police checkpoint in Baghdad yesterday, after a night of US air strikes around the rebel-held city of Falluja that killed scores.
The greening of Ground Zero Skyscrapers that power themselves through wind and solar energy collected on their roofs are named in the winning designs in a competition aimed at creating a greener modern city.
FBI targets mortgage fraud crime in Utah The FBI #39;s Salt Lake City office said Friday that Utah #39;s high rate of mortgage fraud has become the focus of its campaign to combat a host of white-collar crimes committed against financial institutions.
Bonds Joins Ruth, Aaron in 700 Club SAN FRANCISCO- As Barry Bonds numbers rise, the words to describe them become less adequate. When the slugger hit his 700th homer, only daughter Aisha could sum up the history and majesty of the blast.
Who #39;s to Blame for Far-Right Extremism? There #39;s plenty to blame for the rise of extremists in Germany: Ex-communists, unemployment and social reforms all had their turn.
I was abysmal: Keane (AFP) AFP - Manchester United skipper Roy Keane has described his performance in the 2-2 Champions League draw with Lyon in midweek as 'abysmal'.
Indian software leaders dispute code-theft charges (SiliconValley.com) SiliconValley.com - Leaders of India's software industry and Mumbai police are disputing a Silicon Valley entrepreneur's allegations that they failed to investigate his claims that an employee stole critical software code from an Indian subsidiary.
Beating the lock Bike lock maker Kryptonite struggled Friday to reassure customers and protect its reputation after the disclosure that its U-lock can be foiled by a ballpoint pen.
Bosses reject claims of further job cuts in future Ford yesterday rejected claims that the end of Jaguar cars production at Browns Lane was the start of wider plans to make further cutbacks.
Home loan fraud grows The FBI has fielded almost twice as many complaints from mortgage lenders so far this year as it did for all of 2003, the bureau reported Friday.
Execs at Molson and Coors look at big packages Daniel O #39;Neill, Molson chief executive officer, stands to make \$3-million following the successful completion of the company #39;s proposed merger with Adolph Coors Co.
Yahoo to launch its own music player com September 17, 2004, 3:25 PM PT. There #39;s no doubt the Internet will continue to make its mark in the world of business and technology.
Home side left scrambling BLOOMFIELD, Township, Mich. - Colin Montgomerie has a memory like an elephant, though he has frequently shed (and is currently without) the matching body.
Gronholm crashes out of rally FINLAND #39;s Marcus Gronholm crashed out of the Rally of Great Britain, the 12th round of the 16-race world championship series, during today #39;s second special stage.
Hopkins carries pal #39;s faith into ring with Oscar The man who introduced Bernard Hopkins to boxing and started him on the path to greatness won #39;t be ringside at the MGM Grand tonight when Hopkins defends the undisputed middleweight title against Oscar De La Hoya.
Flintoff century steers England to 251 for seven Andrew Flintoff struck 104 to guide England to a defendable 251 for seven in the Champions Trophy Group D decider with Sri Lanka at the Rose Bowl, Southampton on Saturday.
Panthers running back out 2-5 weeks The news got worse for the Carolina Panthers Friday. Running back Stephen Davis was sidelined with a knee injury days after star receiver Steve Smith broke his leg.
Windies looking to bury the past LONDON (CMC) - West Indies will be looking to put bad memories of recent matches to bed today when they tackle South Africa for a place in the ICC Champions Trophy semi-finals.
Bonds saves his very best for the home fans The important thing is there are a lot of San Francisco Giants fans who are going to have a lot to tell their grandchildren someday.
Storm-Tested Wall Street Set for Earnings (Reuters) Reuters - Wall Street since midsummer has\weathered three hurricanes, a heightened insurgency in Iraq, a\mud-slinging presidential campaign, a soft patch in the\economy, two Fed rate hikes and a tense period of attack alerts\surrounding the national political conventions.
Pay - the Lasting Investor Battle Cry (Reuters) Reuters - Big-ticket executives and the\directors who bankroll them will be top targets for activist\shareholders as the proxy campaigns for next year's annual\corporate meetings get under way, governance experts predict.
Sutton #39;s strategy helps US dig hole Woods-Mickelson loses twice &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; BLOOMFIELD HILLS, Mich. - Hal Sutton, the United States captain, started the day wearing a big, black cowboy hat. He ended it being fitted for a dunce cap.
Cincinnati Looks to Shed Bungles Image (AP) AP - From the opening kickoff, it was awful. The Cincinnati Bengals got blown out in their last nationally televised appearance, a 30-3 loss to Atlanta two years ago that cemented their reputation as the NFL's most bungling outfit. They've spent two years trying to block it out.
Blair was warned of post-war chaos Prime Minister Tony Blair was warned by top government officials, including his foreign secretary, a year before invading Iraq that chaos could follow the war, the Daily Telegraph says.
Trend Micro gives away mobile antivirus software Trend Micro Mobile Security Version 1.0 provides antivirus and antispam software for mobile phones running the Microsoft Windows Mobile and Symbian Ltd. operating systems.
Fed, Corporate Forecasts to Set Tone  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks should stay firm next week  if the Federal Reserve says the economy is recovering and if  corporations entering the heart of the so-called confession  season go slow on profit warnings.
NL Wrap: Jones Leads Braves Closer to Division Title  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Chipper Jones hit a three-run homer  and J.D. Drew also went deep as the Atlanta Braves continued to  close in on another division title with an 8-1 win over the  Florida Marlins in Miami on Friday.
Militants Threaten to Kill U.S., UK Hostages in Iraq  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Insurgents threatened to kill two  Americans and a Briton unless the United States freed Iraqi  women prisoners, Al Jazeera said Saturday, and a suicide car  bomb killed 23 people outside Iraqi National Guard offices.
Youzhny Upsets Paradorn to Reach Beijing Final  BEIJING (Reuters) - Russian Mikhail Youzhny upset sixth  seed Paradorn Srichaphan 6-4, 6-4 on Saturday to reach the  final of the China Open.
Ryder Cup: USA bid to bounce back The USA drop Phil Mickelson for Saturday's fourballs as they bid to peg back Europe's five-point lead.
IBM inks \$972M voice, data deal with Lloyds IBM has won a \$972 million, seven-year services contract to help move U.K. bank Lloyds TBS to a converged voice and data network that improves connectivity for more than 2,000 national branches and 4,200 ATMs.
Body clocks 'hinder' space travel Researchers think our body clock could mean humans find it difficult to adapt to life in space.
Perry doubts it will stand; Hutchison says state still needs &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; While Gov. Rick Perry on Friday questioned whether a state district judge #39;s ruling on public school finance would be upheld by the Texas Supreme Court, US Sen. Kay Bailey Hutchison 
Kuznetsova beats compatriot Petrova to advance to final in Bali NUSA DUA, Bali (AFP): US Open champion Svetlana Kuznetsova outclassed fellow Russian Nadia Petrova on Saturday to advance to the final of the Wismilak International WTA tennis tournament on the Indonesian resort island of Bali.
Pope issues new appeal for peace in Iraq, Mideast (AFP) AFP - Pope John Paul II issued a new appeal for peace in Iraq and the Middle East, condemning the  quot;horror quot; of violence as well as  quot;the terrorism that cruelly targets the innocent quot;.
Scientists make phone that turns into a sunflower Materials company Pvaxx Research   Development has developed a plastic-looking polymer that degrades into soil when discarded, feeding a sunflower seed contained in a phone cover developed in conjunction with the polymer.
Chemical treaty to extend scope Up to 15 hazardous chemicals could have their global movement more strictly regulated at a conference in Geneva this week.
Closure with a touch of deja vu The news that Jaguar is to end vehicle assembly at Browns Lane and invite several hundred employees to apply for what parent company Ford likes to call  quot;voluntary separation quot; prompted the great and good to shrug their shoulders and remark, rather lamely 
Monty #39;s dream start Bernhard Langer today sent out his  #39;awesome #39; Ryder Cup team with a warning not to celebrate anything yet. The European captain had the luxury of fielding his remaining three rookies in today #39;s opening fourballs 
Flintoff puts England in command Andrew Flintoff added another chapter to his growing reputation as the world #39;s best all-rounder as England posted a challenging 251 for 7 against Sri Lanka in the crucial Group D league match of the ICC Champions Trophy in Southampton on Saturday.
An African tragedy That is the bottom line for initiatives undertaken by the United States, United Nations, African Union, the Arab League, and any other international actors trying to resolve the current 
Away on Business: Expanding Your Horizons  NEW YORK (Reuters) - If traveling is an education,  corporate frequent flyers hold an advanced degree. Still, for  those who want to keep learning, hotels along the way provide  opportunities in subjects as diverse as French cooking, Arabic  lessons or Zen art.
Abbott Seeks Foothold in Stent Business  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Abbott Laboratories Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=ABT.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;ABT.N&lt;/A&gt; is  betting \$1 billion in deals and the start of a new clinical  trial will finally get Wall Street to focus on its  cardiovascular device business.
N.Korea Says Will Never Dismantle Its Atomic Arms  SEOUL (Reuters) - North Korea will never dismantle its  nuclear arsenal and will not resume talks on its atomic  programs unless the United States drops its hostile policy, the  North's official KCNA news agency said on Saturday.
U.S. Accuses Iran of Bomb Plans as UN Nuke Talks Stall  VIENNA (Reuters) - The United States said on Saturday that  Iran was "completely isolated" in what Washington says is  Tehran's pursuit of an atom bomb, while talks at the U.N.  atomic agency stalled over what to demand of Tehran.
Improved power management planned for Opteron Company says laptop-like technology will be useful in server systems, where it can help companies save on electricity and cooling costs in data centers.
N.Irish Talks Stuck as Deadline Starts to Slip  LEEDS CASTLE, England (Reuters) - The British and Irish  prime ministers were running out of time on Saturday to break a  deadlock in talks aimed at sealing a final peace settlement for  Northern Ireland.
Proteas get good start London - Protea openers Graeme Smith and Herschelle Gibbs made a solid start against the West Indies on Saturday in the decisive one-day cricket international in Pool B of the Champions Trophy at The Oval.
Irish ready for fired-up Mich. State EAST LANSING, Mich. -- Notre Dame #39;s 28-20 victory over Michigan last Saturday set off a huge celebration as thousands of students joined the Irish players on field to form an impromptu mosh pit.
Zarqawi Group Threatens to Kill Hostages The Arab television station Al-Jazeera has broadcast a videotape purportedly showing a British and two American hostages being held in Iraq by a militant group led by a suspected ally of the al-Qaida terror network, Abu Musab al-Zarqawi.
Indonesian police make progress in embassy bomb investigation Indonesian police have released a sketch of a man they velieve bought the mini van used in the bombing of the Australian embassy in Jakarta.
Rebels Kidnap 2 Americans and a Briton in Baghdad Insurgents kidnapped two American and a British engineer on Thursday in a brazen dawn raid on their home in one of Baghdad #39;s most affluent neighborhoods, underscoring 
Alitalia  #39;strikes cabin crew deal #39; Alitalia appeared to clinch its final union agreement on Saturday over job and wage cuts, as cabin crews agreed to a painful restructuring needed to prevent the airline #39;s collapse, a union source said.
PluggedIn: Software Tackles Digital Photo Proliferation (Reuters) Reuters - Now that digital cameras have overtaken\film cameras in sales, users are beginning to encounter a\familiar problem -- what to do with the bulging image files and\folders filling up computer hard drives?
Microsoft offers flat-fee support option for NT 4.0 Server &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; DECEMBER 06, 2004 (COMPUTERWORLD) - Microsoft Corp. will offer custom support options on a flat-fee basis to users of Windows NT 4.0 Server and Exchange Server 5.5 when the standard support phases for those products end.
Nigerian pipeline blast death toll rises to 60 (AFP) AFP - The death toll from an explosion at a fuel pipeline on the outskirts of the Nigerian city of Lagos has risen to around 60 as more bodies were recovered from the scene.
U.S. Says Iran 'Isolated' in Nuclear Bomb Quest  VIENNA (Reuters) - The United States said on Saturday Iran  was "completely isolated" in its pursuit of an atom bomb, while  talks at the U.N. nuclear agency stalled over what to demand of  Tehran.
Tough times, but something had to be done Any losses of jobs is a matter of great concern for those involved and for Coventry itself. But Jaguar #39;s restructure plan for its future at least retains some jobs in the city and its spiritual headquarters at Browns Lane.
Carnival cruises to profit MIAMICarnival Corp. #39;s fiscal third-quarter profit increased 40 per cent as higher ticket prices spurred strong revenue growth.
Winery at a crossroads Once the crown jewel of the Napa Valley, the Robert Mondavi name is on the auction block and its future is uncertain. Robert Mondavi, 91, who more than any other person put premium California wine on the map 
IBM Supports EPA Linux Grid Computing Project The IBM project at EPA, being performed jointly with prime contractor Computer Sciences Corporation (CSC), includes the Grid Toolbox, a collection of open standards-based Grid software from IBM, Red Hat Linux Enterprise 2.1 and Avaki Enterprise 
IPod Rivals Square Off Against Apple A new generation of smaller, sleeker and cheaper MP3 players from the likes of Sony, Rio, Creative and Rave MP are hitting the market this fall, and they all have Apple 
Golf Notebook: Sutton sees need to take chances So do you think Hal Sutton, who has been captaining this Ryder Cup team like some combination of Texas ranch boss and a college football coach, is going to call a little team meeting tonight?
NHL vs. NHLPA Whenever the deal gets done this time, it #39;s going to be done in its entirety. They #39;ll dot the i #39;s and cross the t #39;s and get the lawyers to sign off on each and every last collectively bargained word.
Rain gives Gordon easy pole Already, Jeff Gordon has been rewarded for being NASCAR #39;s points leader heading into the inaugural 10-race playoff. With qualifying rained out Friday at New Hampshire International 
Canada #39;s voice lost amid UN gnashing If you want to know what happens when a country cedes its foreign policy to the United Nations, as Canada has done, all you have to do is look at Sudan.
An Afghan woman who would be president Qalai Zaman Khan, Afghanistan -- Masooda Jalal, the woman who would be president of Afghanistan, stands inside the mud walls of a bread bakery in this hardscrabble village on the outskirts of Kabul.
West Bank: Palestinian girl shot dead by Israeli fire A Palestinian girl was shot dead late on Friday when Israeli troops shot her dead in Nablus city of the West Bank, witnesses said.
N.Korea Vows Will Never Dismantle Nuclear Arms  SEOUL (Reuters) - North Korea will never dismantle its  nuclear arsenal and will not resume talks on its atomic  programs unless the United States drops its "hostile" policy,  the North's official KCNA news agency said on Saturday.
N. Irish Peace Talks End Without Breakthrough  LEEDS CASTLE, England (Reuters) - Talks aimed at reviving  home rule in Northern Ireland and disbanding IRA guerrillas  ended on Saturday without a final deal, British and Irish Prime  Ministers Tony Blair and Bertie Ahern said.
Pakistan Army Says Noose Tightened Around Militants  WANA, Pakistan (Reuters) - The Pakistani army said on  Saturday it had tightened the noose around hundreds of al  Qaeda-linked foreign militants hiding in a rugged mountainous  region near the Afghan border.
PluggedIn: Software Tackles Digital Photo Proliferation  SEATTLE (Reuters) - Now that digital cameras have overtaken  film cameras in sales, users are beginning to encounter a  familiar problem -- what to do with the bulging image files and  folders filling up computer hard drives?
Programs: Flaws Can't Hide Appeal of 'Spy Fiction'  PROVIDENCE, R.I. (Reuters) - "Spy Fiction" is a covert  operator's dream game. Not only does it let you become  virtually invisible to your enemies, but it also gives you the  power to quickly transform yourself into other characters.
Wal-Mart Backs Sept. Sales Targets (Reuters) Reuters - Wal-Mart Stores Inc. , the\world's largest retailer, said on Saturday it still expects a 2\percent to 4 percent increase in September U.S. sales at stores\open at least a year, despite the effect of Hurricane Ivan in\some locations.
Enterprise SAN for Mac OS X Server, Part 1 Columnist Yuval Kossovsky offers a primer on storage-area networks in Part 1 of this two-part series, and then follows up with a piece on how to set up a SAN for Mac OS X.
Musharraf heads for first meeting with Indian PM at UN assembly (AFP) AFP - Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf leaves Sunday for crucial peace talks with Indian Premier Manmohan Singh on the sidelines of a UN gathering as the leaders of the nuclear-armed neighbors meet for the first time since India's change of government.
U.S. Faces Mountain to Climb Against Buoyant Europe  BLOOMFIELD HILLS, Michigan (Reuters) - Ryder Cup red faces  have not been in short supply since the first event in 1927 but  few have been American.
Gartner: Consumers dissatisfied with online security According to a Gartner survey, online shoppers are frustrated with the lack of security provided by online businesses, and they fear that passwords are no longer sufficient to secure their transactions.
The Mars Rovers Have Their Day in the Sun Since September 8th and 9th, the twin Mars rovers have been taking a well-deserved break, while the Sun-Earth line clears again for communication directly to Mars. While this conjunction may temporarily halt their wheels in the sand, other science tasks have kicked off under autonomous control.
Involved Dads Help Daughters' Development A new study finds fathers who are interested in their daughters' activities -- whether traditionally masculine pursuits such as sports or traditionally feminine ones such as music -- increase the chances that the girls will stay involved with those activities.
Alcohol Reduces Damage After Heart Attack In moderation, it helps keep tissue slick and clear, study finds    HealthDayNews -- Drinking any kind of alcohol in moderation can reduce damage to affected tissue after a heart attack, says a University of Missouri-Columbia study.    A heart attack results in reduced blood flow to a number of areas of the body...
Doctors Ready to Perform Face Transplant LOUISVILLE, Kentucky (AP) -- A team of doctors from Louisville and the Netherlands say in a new medical journal article that they are ready to perform a face transplant, a procedure considered controversial by some medical ethicists.    "There arrives a point in time when the procedure should simply be done...
11 firms sent jobs overseas, group says Eleven companies in Greater Cincinnati have been singled out for exporting jobs out of the country by Working America, an organization affiliated with the AFL-CIO labor organization.
Hands-Free Mousing Could Mean Using Your Nose Its the same routine - type a little on the keyboard, move the dominant hand, maneuver through the screen with the mouse, and pick the hand back up, replace it on the keyboard and continue typing.
My Pick is.... Everyone has their opinion on the weather and everyone has their opinion on the Hopkins-De La Hoya fight as well. Before I give you mine, a few thoughts.
Definitely Florida: Vols remember home losses, ready for revenge Ask Kevin Simon which is the worst home loss he has seen since arriving at the University of Tennessee and the answer is very clear.
IBM triples transistor performance with germanium IBM researchers today said they have successfully demonstrated a new technique for improving transistor performance that will help the company build smaller, more powerful chips in the next decade.
Russians Stop Car Wired With Explosives MOSCOW - Police stopped a man driving a car wired with land mines and explosives in downtown Moscow early Saturday, Russian security officials said.    The man, detained by Moscow police around 1 a.m., told police he had been paid \$1,000 to park two cars with explosives in them along a Moscow street frequently used by top government officials, said the duty officer at the Federal Security Service...
Records Show Commander Wrote to Bush Sr. WASHINGTON - The latest records to surface from President Bush's service in the Texas Air National Guard show that one commander took an unusual interest in the congressman's son during his basic training.    The officer in charge of the unit where Bush took his basic training wrote to then-Rep...
Red Sox Rally Past Yankees in Ninth NEW YORK - The way the Boston Red Sox are playing these days, nothing seems to be able to stop them. Not even Mariano Rivera...
Iraq Suicide Attack Kills 20, Injures 16 KIRKUK, Iraq - A suicide attacker detonated a car bomb near a crowd of people waiting to apply for jobs with the Iraqi National Guard in the northern city of Kirkuk on Saturday, killing at least 20 people and wounding 16, officials said.    Also Saturday, videotape surfaced showing two Americans and a Briton kidnapped two days ago from their house in central Baghdad...
US website tracks job exporters Labour group AFL-CIO has unveiled a website where anyone can find out what firms are exporting jobs overseas, reports UPI. Working America, a workers #39; advocacy group affiliated with AFL-CIO, has created the 
Wal-Mart Backs Sept. Sales Targets Wal-Mart Stores Inc. (WMT.N: Quote, Profile, Research) , the world #39;s largest retailer, said on Saturday it still expects a 2 percent to 4 percent increase in September US sales at stores 
Iran tests long-range missile as UN watchdog reviews nuclear &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; TEHRAN : Iran will test fire a long-range missile amid fears in the West that Tehran is developing nuclear weapons and an ongoing review by the UN watchdog of the country #39;s atomic energy program.
Northern Ireland Parties Hold Power-Sharing Talks Northern Ireland #39;s dominant Protestant and Roman Catholic political parties are holding talks aimed at restoring the British province #39;s power-sharing government.
Napster Receives New Life As Public Company Call it the kitty's third life. Roxio Inc. (ROXI) bought the Napster brand name and feline logo at a bankruptcy auction two years ago and with the acquisition of another music service, pressplay, relaunched the once-renegade file-swapping pioneer as a legal music service last October.
Safin Sets Up All-Russian Final in Beijing (AP) AP - Marat Safin defeated Finland's Jarkko Nieminen 6-2, 6-4 in the China Open on Saturday, setting up an all-Russian final with Mikhail Youzhny.
Alitalia, flight attendants agree accord on job cuts ROME : Alitalia management and flight attendants struck a crucial deal on job cuts that would allow the struggling airline to keep flying, but management still needs to win government support for its overall strategy.
Documents indicate Blair was warned LONDON - The government was accused Saturday of  quot;clearly misleading quot; the British public over plans for postwar Iraq after a newspaper reported that Prime Minister Tony Blair was warned a year before the invasion that postwar stability would be difficult.
British Troops Exit Al-Sadr's Iraq Office (AP) AP - British troops withdrew on Saturday from radical Shiite cleric Muqtada al-Sadr's main office in the southern city of Basra a day after occupying the building and seizing an arms cache in fighting that killed three and wounded five, the British military and police said.
U.S. Begins Long Fightback at Ryder Cup  BLOOMFIELD HILLS, Michigan (Reuters) - The U.S. began the  long haul back from a record five-point opening-day Ryder Cup  deficit in positive fashion on Saturday.
Spadea, Ancic Into Semifinals at Delray Beach There were a lot of  quot;firsts quot; Friday at the ATP stop in Delray Beach, with more to come. Top-seeded Vince Spadea (d. (Q) Armando in three) reached his first Delray Beach semifinal in seven attempts.
Paralympics Competition Begins in Athens Competition at the 12th Paralympic Games for disabled athletes gets under way Saturday in Athens, Greece. Nearly 4,000 athletes from 136 countries are competing in 19 disciplines over 11 days.
Davis blow for Panthers Carolina running back Stephen Davis will be out of action for several weeks after undergoing arthroscopic surgery. The Panthers are already without injured receiver Steve Smith for at least two months.
Newman looks forward to a fresh start Motorsport.com. Loudon, New Hampshire is a long way from the South Pacific island region of Vanuatu, but the two places may have more in common than ever before.
Iraq blast death toll rises to 18 At least 18 people were killed in a suicide bombing on Saturday, capping a week of horrific violence in Iraq as al-Qaeda-linked militants threatened to kill two American and a British hostage in 48 hours.
UN Nuclear Watchdog Demands Iran Freeze Enrichment  VIENNA (Reuters) - The International Atomic Energy Agency's  board of governors passed a resolution on Saturday demanding  that Iran freeze all activities related to uranium enrichment,  a diplomat present at closed-door meeting said.
Final US volunteers leave Nepal The last US Peace Corps volunteers leave Nepal after security fears force the suspension of operations.
U.N. Tells Iran to Suspend Nuke Program VIENNA, Austria - A 35-nation meeting of the U.N. atomic watchdog agency on Saturday demanded that Iran suspend all aspects of uranium enrichment, setting an indirect November deadline for Tehran to heed its conditions...
Axed US Ryder Cup star Mickelson:  quot;I was awful quot; Axed US Ryder Cup player Phil Mickelson has admitted that he was  quot;awful quot; on the opening day of the 35th team clash between America and Europe at Oakland Hills.
Arsenal loses 100 per cent record with late Bolton equaliser LONDON -- Arsenal #39;s 100 per cent record in the Premier League was ended Saturday with Henrik Pedersen #39;s late strike allowing Bolton to draw 2-2.
Iran: Draft resolution by EU  #39; #39;major three #39; #39; - politically &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Iran regards the draft resolution proposed by the three major European states - Germany, Britain and France - on Tehran #39;s nuclear programs as politically motivated, the spokesman for the Iranian delegation to the meeting of the International Atomic Energy 
Three appear in Victoria court on drug charges linked to legislature raid (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - VICTORIA (CP) - Three people appeared in Victoria provincial court Friday on drug-conspiracy charges arising from an investigation linked to December's police raid at the B.C. legislature.
Militants Threaten to Behead U.S., UK Hostages in Iraq  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Insurgents threatened to behead two  Americans and a Briton captured in Baghdad on Saturday and  launched a suicide car bomb attack on Iraqi security forces in  the northern city of Kirkuk that killed at least 23 people.
West, CW support Musharraf #39;s continuance in uniform: Rashid Most countries in the West and member nations of the Commonwealth believe that President Pervez Musharraf should continue as Pakistan #39;s army chief, claimed Information Minister Sheikh Rashid Ahmed.
India says U.S. lifts nuclear, space export curbs (Reuters) Reuters - India said on Saturday the United States had lifted export restrictions on equipment for India's commercial space programme and nuclear power facilities, opening the way for greater cooperation in the two sectors.
Florida Candidate Calls for Bipartisanship (AP) AP - The nation's leaders need to put aside partisan labels to help Florida recover from the devastation of three major hurricanes during the past month, Democratic Senate candidate Betty Castor said Saturday.
No Deal at N.Irish Talks, But 'Progress' on IRA  LEEDS CASTLE, England (Reuters) - Talks aimed at forging a  comprehensive peace settlement for Northern Ireland ended  without a deal on Saturday, despite Britain and Ireland saying  they were close to securing full disarmament by the IRA.
UN urges Iran to halt enrichment The UN watchdog passes a resolution calling on Iran to suspend all activities related to uranium enrichment.
At Least 19 Killed, Scores Injured in Iraq Bombing A suicide attacker detonated a car bomb today near a crowd of people waiting to apply for jobs with the Iraqi National Guard in the northern city of Kirkuk.
Victims of Hurricane Ivan Vow to Rebuild PENSACOLA, Fla. - Their homes are in ruin, many have only the shirts on their backs...
Voting Machines Missing for La. Election NEW ORLEANS - Many New Orleans voters were unable to cast ballots Saturday on a constitutional amendment to ban gay marriage because voting machines had not been delivered to polling places, a state official said.    At least 35 precincts did not have voting machines because drivers hired to deliver the machines had apparently not shown up for work, said Scott Madere, a spokesman for Secretary of State Fox McKeithen...
Alitalia, Unions Reach Agreement to Qualify for Loan (Update3) Alitalia SpA, Italy #39;s largest airline, reached an agreement with its flight attendants #39; unions to cut 900 jobs, qualifying the company for a government bailout that will keep it in business for another six months.
Arsenal ties Bolton, extends unbeaten streak Arsenal stretched its record unbeaten streak in the Premier League to 46 games Sunday, but the 2-2 tie with Bolton ended its perfect league record this season.
Holmes wins world athletics final Double Olympic champion Kelly Holmes has sprinted to an emphatic victory in the women #39;s 1,500 metres on the opening day of the two-day world athletics final.
San Francisco Giants Team Report - September 18 (Sports Network) - With his 700th career homer now behind him, Barry Bonds can focus on the task of trying to get his Giants into the playoffs.
Cricket: Trescothick wants win - not weather ENGLAND will resume their weather-hit encounter with Sri Lanka determined to win rather than relying on their superior run-rate get them to next Tuesday #39;s semi-final against Australia.
IAEA Sets Deadline For Review Of Iranian Nuclear Program VIENNA (AFP) - The UN nuclear watchdog adopted a resolution setting a November 25 deadline for a full, definitive review of Iran #39;s alleged nuclear weapons programme, a UN nuclear agency spokeswoman told reporters.
Militants Threaten to Behead US, UK Hostages in Iraq Insurgents threatened to behead two Americans and a Briton captured in Baghdad on Saturday and launched a suicide car bomb attack on Iraqi security forces in the northern 
EU Wants Turkey To Explain Withdrawal of Bill European Union Enlargement Commissioner Guenter Verheugen on Saturday called on Turkey to clarify its decision to withdraw a key bill reforming its penal code, during talks with Turkey #39;s EU ambassador.
Bolton Rallies to Deny Arsenal Record Start to English Season Bolton ended Arsenal #39;s hopes of equaling its best-ever start to the English soccer season by rallying to hold the Premiership champion to a 2-2 draw.
Holmes chases one more double Britain #39;s golden girl, Kelly Holmes, faces the prospect of ending her summer track season with another couple of doubles here.
Ramirez provides offense with 3 HRs CINCINNATI - Aramis Ramirez homered three times for all of Chicago #39;s runs, and the Cubs kept pace in the playoff race by rallying to beat the Cincinnati Reds 5-4 on Thursday night.
Mickelson Accepts Role as Ryder Cup Cheerleader  BLOOMFIELD HILLS, Michigan (Reuters) - Masters champion  Phil Mickelson played the role of Ryder Cup cheerleader on  Saturday as his U.S. team mates began to repair the damage of  an opening day meltdown.
Florida candidate calls for bipartisanship The nation #39;s leaders need to put aside partisan labels to help Florida recover from the devastation of three major hurricanes during the past month, Democratic Senate candidate Betty Castor said Saturday.
US Bond Market Begs to Differ with Fed Optimism The Federal Reserve may be fairly confident the economy #39;s soft patch is fading away, but the bond market is stubbornly betting the central bank is off the mark.
Microsoft bullies Big Music p2pnet.net News:- Here #39;s an interesting twist on the Big Music and Microsoft All Pals Together (maybe) story. We reported that the Big Four record labels have given Microsoft a Wish List of the kind of DRM 
Bush adviser: US is world leader in science The United States remains a world leader in science that other countries try to imitate, the science adviser to President Bush told an audience at the University of Toledo yesterday.
Arsenal held 2-2 by Bolton England champions Arsenal #39;s winning streak was stopped Saturday as they were held to a 2-2 draw by Bolton Wanderers at Highbury on Saturday.
Kuznetsova moves into the finals BALI, Indonesia (Ticker) - Svetlana Kuznetsova of Russia is on the verge of producing a second straight title. Kuznetsova extended her winning streak to 10 matches with a 6-7 (1-7), 6-1, 6-2 triumph over fourth 
Kelly Holmes dominates rival to win 1,500 metres at World &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Double Olympic champion Kelly Holmes overpowered Tatyana Tomashova in the final stretch to win the 1,500 metres at the World Athletics Final on Saturday.
Police, Protection and Justice Key for N.Irish Talks In 1973, Catholic guerrilla Gerry Kelly was part of a Northern Irish republican bombing team who attacked London #39;s Old Bailey courthouse.
A Bad Month For Mideast Peace Process A top UN official said it was a  quot;bad month quot; for the Israeli-Palestinian peace process: more violence, Israel #39;s Prime Minister apparently backing away from an international peace plan, and the Palestinians still far from implementing badly needed reforms 
Britain confident of cut in Afghan drug output Britain, leading an uphill international battle to help curb Afghanistan #39;s massive narcotics #39; production, says it is fairly confident its strategy will show a reduction in output within a year.
City ease pressure on Keegan; Bolton peg back Gunners (AFP) AFP - High-flying Bolton ended Arsenal's perfect start to their Premiership title defence by twice coming from behind to earn a 2-2 draw at Highbury.
Pakistanis Freed from Guantanamo Land in Home Jail (Reuters) Reuters - Thirty-five Pakistanis freed\from the U.S. Guantanamo Bay prison camp arrived home on\Saturday and were taken straight to prison for further\interrogation, the interior minister said.
Militants Threaten to Kill US, UK Hostages in Iraq  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Insurgents threatened on Saturday to  cut the throats of two Americans and a Briton seized in  Baghdad, and launched a suicide car bomb attack on Iraqi  security forces in Kirkuk that killed at least 23 people.
Shoaib hits out at too much cricket Perth: Pakistan pace spearhead Shoaib Akhtar feels that if something is not done about the packed playing schedule and the standard of wickets around the world, express pacemen will become extinct.
Cricket: England beat Sri Lanka England reach the Champions Trophy semi-finals as Andrew Flintoff's 104 earns victory over Sri Lanka.
U.N. Tells Iran to Suspend Nuke Program VIENNA, Austria - The U.N. atomic watchdog agency demanded Iran suspend all uranium enrichment activities and set a November timetable for compliance in a vote Saturday that U.S...
Reincarnated Napster Goes Public Roxio bought the Napster name in a bankruptcy auction two years ago. Now, the company dumps its CD-burning software business to concentrate on selling and delivering music over the web under the Napster name.
Counting cost of hurricanes FLORIDIANS today began to clean up after their third hurricane in five weeks, while Alabamans looked to rebuild their condos and beach homes along the coast.
UK Apple #39;s iTunes Complaints (Article Central) The UK #39;s Consumers #39; Association has referred Apple #39;s iTunes to the Office of Fair Trading, claiming the song shop is overcharging its UK users.
Motor Cycling: Japan #39;s Tamada grabs pole in Japan GP with &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; MOTEGI, Japan: Local hope Makoto Tamada of Japan has taken pole position with a record lap time for the weekend Japan Grand Prix as world champion Valentino Rossi, seeking his fourth straight title, secured third place.
Iran October Surprise  quot;We categorically deny any nuclear-related testing at Parchin. quot; Hossein Mousavian, Iranian delegate to IAEA.  quot;A prominent international expert said on Wednesday that new satellite images showed 
De La Hoya: 'This Is for All the Marbles' (AP) AP - Oscar De La Hoya has been in enough big fights to know what each one means. Some have helped build his reputation, others have made him rich. So don't just chalk it up to hype when he says his fight Saturday night against Bernard Hopkins means more than all of them put together.
GOLF: Woods-Mickelson not dream team Tiger Woods paired with Phil Mickelson. A dream team in golf gloves. Together, they would lead the charge at the Ryder Cup, carry the United States into an early lead, discourage the Europeans, ignite the home crowd.
Perfect season over, unbeaten streak still alive for Arsenal London, England (Sports Network) - For the first time during this young Premiership campaign, Arsenal took the field and did not emerge victorious.
Culpepper Has Vikings' Offense Clicking (AP) AP - The Dallas defense hinted at an all-out blitz early in the second quarter, and Daunte Culpepper saw it coming. He alerted his Minnesota teammates, stepped back into the shotgun and calmly threw a soft pass over the line for a 63-yard touchdown that put the Vikings ahead for good in last Sunday's season-opening victory over the Cowboys.
U.S. Leaks Report of No Weapons in Iraq (AP) AP - In Washington, in the tense months before war in Iraq, Charles Duelfer was confident. "Of course he is developing his weapons of mass destruction," the American arms expert wrote of Saddam Hussein.
New York Hopes to Win Olympics by Dividing Votes The people behind New York City's bid for the 2012 Summer Games think they have a realistic chance to beat the four European capitals with which they are competing.
After email, its Chikka.coms instant messaging service for &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Three years after Manila-based Chikka.com launched its mobile instant messenger, Chikka is one of the most viewed and used electronic properties by Filipinos in the Philippines and all over the world, according to the companys chief operating officer 
An Innovative HyperMemory Technology from ATI Reduces PC Costs A graphics card or video card is a component of a computer which is designed to convert a logical representation of an image stored in memory to a signal that can be used as input for a display medium.
English Premier League match reports Champions Arsenal dropped their first points of the season when a late Henrik Pedersen equaliser earned Bolton a point. The Danish substitute poked home the ball after 85 minutes to deny Arsene Wenger #39;s team their sixth win in six Premier League games.
Friday #39;s NL Roundup (CP) - Barry Bonds became the third member of the 700 club on Friday night. But the Giants slugger still clings to hope of adding a World Series title to his list of accomplishments, which is why Friday #39;s 
Women #39;s Golf: Jackson Leads Safeway Classic Ladies Professional Golf Association tour rookie Brandi Jackson of the United States has the lead heading into Saturday #39;s second round of the 54-hole Safeway Classic in Portland, Oregon.
Gunmen kill woman, 6 troops in Venezuela Gunmen killed a Venezuelan oil engineer and six soldiers near the border with Colombia in an attack that officials suspected was carried out by Colombian rebels.
Star 'regrets accusers payments' Michael Jackson wishes he had fought previous child molestation claims instead of trying to "buy peace", his lawyer says.
Mortgage fraud near  #39;epidemic #39; SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW) -- The US real-estate boom, coupled with low interest rates, has given mortgage companies a surge of new business.
Sutton gambles, loses BLOOMFIELD HILLS, Mich.The Europeans got more than they imagined possible and Hal Sutton got what he was asking for - a first-day disaster at the Ryder Cup.
De La Hoya hopes history repeats against Hopkins CBC SPORTS ONLINE - Oscar De La Hoya will try and take a page out of the boxing history book while writing his own legend at the MGM Grand Garden Arena in Las Vegas tonight.
Bayern earn last-gasp draw against Dortmund Last gasp goals from Brazilian defender Lucio and Dutch striker Roy Makaay earned Bayern Munich a dramatic 2-2 draw at Borussia Dortmund on Saturday.
Falluja victims, 56 killed, 40 injured At least 13 Iraqis were killed and other 50 injured most of them are members of the Iraqi police in a booby trapped car explosion that targeted a main inspection point for the Iraqi police at al-Rasheed street in the downtown of Baghdad.
Militants Threaten to Kill US, UK Hostages in Iraq Insurgents threatened on Saturday to cut the throats of two Americans and a Briton seized in Baghdad, and launched a suicide car bomb attack on Iraqi security forces in Kirkuk that killed at least 23 people.
Palestinian woman killed in Nablus, Palestinians attack Israeli &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; One young Palestinian woman was killed in Gaza by the bullets of the Israeli occupation forces in the West Bank on Friday evening.
Musharraf Doesnt Trust Military: Experts By reneging on his promise to step down as army chief later this year, Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf does 
Resignation of China #39;s Senior Leader Appears Imminent Jiang Zemin, China #39;s military chief and longtime senior leader, may formally step down on Sunday, putting President Hu Jintao in full command of the Chinese Army, state and 
UN Calls on Iran to Freeze Nuke Enrichment Plans  VIENNA (Reuters) - The U.N. nuclear watchdog called on Iran  on Saturday to immediately halt activities related to uranium  enrichment, a process that can be used to make atomic weapons.
Jeff Gordon Will Start First in N.H. (AP) AP - If experience counted for everything, Jeff Gordon would be a lock to win NASCAR's first 10-man, 10-race championship playoff.
Pakistan 'terror' prisoners freed Most remaining Pakistani prisoners held at the US Guantanamo Bay prison camp are freed, officials say.
NATO still deadlocked on Iraq training role: Scheffer (AFP) AFP - Several NATO countries have voiced reservations about a proposal to expand the alliance's training role in Iraq, blocking an expected final agreement, NATO chief Jaap de Hoop Scheffer warned.
As Season Begins, Networks Struggle In Cable's Shadow The new prime-time television season officially starts this week, and more than bragging rights to ratings supremacy will be on the line for the broadcast networks.
Italian airline company agrees crucial labor deal with trade &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Italian airline company Alitalia unions and management on Saturday agreed on new contract terms for flight assistants, ending a tense round of negotiations involving the airline #39;s workers.
Kerry accuses Bush over Iraq, but aggressive tactics may not be working (AFP) AFP - Democratic challenger John Kerry accused President George W. Bush of planning to call up large numbers of reservists for Iraq after the November election, but a new poll released indicated Kerry's new aggressive line is not working with voters.
Once a Palace, Now Saddam Hussein's Prison Saddam Hussein lives in an air-conditioned 10-by-13 foot cell on the grounds of one of his former palaces, tending plants and proclaiming himself Iraq's lawful ruler.
Ready or Not (and Maybe Not), Electronic Voting Goes National Voters will be asked to cast their ballots on machines whose accuracy and security against fraud have yet to be tested on such a grand scale.
Baghdad's Strong Man Struggles to Keep His Grip If Ayad Allawi was popular among moderate Iraqis in the first weeks after his interim government took over, it is clear his grace period has expired.
Upcoming Debates Could Prove Pivotal WASHINGTON - Because Sen. John Kerry is the challenger and lags President Bush in most national polls, he seems to have the most to gain from a strong performance in the upcoming fall debates...
Milosevic Lawyer Faces Trial Obstacles THE HAGUE, Netherlands - It's not easy being Slobodan Milosevic's lawyer.    Appointed two weeks ago to defend the former Yugoslav president against war crimes charges, British attorney Steven Kay's practiced poise and calm legal demeanor has, at times, given way to sheer frustration...
Americans Wake Up on Day 2 of Ryder Cup BLOOMFIELD TOWNSHIP, Mich. - The Americans finally showed up at the Ryder Cup...
Attacks in Russia Expose Rifts With West MOSCOW - The fight against terror was supposed to unite Russia and the West, pounding the last nail into the coffin of the Cold War. But three years after the Sept...
Atapattu laments weather Captain Marvan Atapattu believes Sri Lanka could have beaten England if the rain had not cut short their match at the Rose Bowl. His side were 95-5 after 24 overs in reply to England #39;s 251-7 when bad weather forced play to be abandoned.
Beckham, Raul dropped by Real Madrid Real Madrid coach Jose Antonio Camacho dropped England midfielder David Beckham and Spanish striker Raul from his team to face Espanyol on Saturday, following this week #39;s painful 3-0 defeat at Bayer Leverkusen.
The news quiz Test your knowledge of current affairs with our daily quiz. Follow the link to reveal the answers. 1. How did pro-hunt protestors gain entry to the House of Commons?
International troops needed: Karzai Afghan President Hamid Karzai want to see win an election on October 9, said today that foreign troops would remain until the country #39;s own fledgling forces can take the charge of stability.
U.S. Stages Fight-Back at Ryder Cup But Still Trails  BLOOMFIELD HILLS, Michigan (Reuters) - The U.S. Ryder Cup  team, wounded after a first day mauling, launched a fierce  fightback on Saturday to keep their hopes alive with two wins  and a halved fourball rubber.
Bush Raises Questions About CBS Documents (Reuters) Reuters - President Bush questioned\the authenticity of documents aired by CBS News that said he\received special treatment during his Vietnam-era service in\the National Guard, according to a Bush interview published on\Saturday.
Abbey sale means 5m for Arnold Luqman Arnold, chief executive of Abbey National, is likely to walk away with 5.2m if the bank is sold to Banco Santander Central Hispano.
Cardinals' Carpenter Leaves Game (AP) AP - St. Louis Cardinals pitcher Chris Carpenter left Saturday's start against the Arizona Diamondbacks in the fourth inning with a strained right biceps.
Group: Ivan Damaged Gulf Barrier Islands (AP) AP - Hurricane Ivan's storm surge and pounding waves swamped the barrier islands that stand guard along the central Gulf of Mexico coast, eroding their protective sand and causing millions of dollars in damage, coastal experts said.
Oakland Hills Fans Respond as U.S. Hits Back  BLOOMFIELD HILLS, Michigan (Reuters) - Slowly but  inexorably, the groundswell of home support for the United  States Ryder Cup team gathered momentum at a sun-baked Oakland  Hills on Saturday.
Airline adds \$500 million to earlier estimate United Airlines said it will need to cut more than \$1 billion from its annual costs, a much higher figure than previous estimates.
Bankruptcy filing says United needs to cut \$500 million more in &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; CHICAGO United Airlines has revealed it needs to cut 500 (m) million dollars more in costs than previously stated. The disclosure, filed yesterday, was not mentioned during a previously scheduled hearing this 
Why The Open-Source Model Can Work In India An Indian Institute of Technology professor--and open-source evangelist--discusses the role of Linux and open source in India. By Larry Greenemeier.
Europe Leads US in Second Day of Golf #39;s Ryder Cup (Update1) Tiger Woods, with a new partner after losing twice on Friday with Phil Mickelson, won his first match of the Ryder Cup this morning to help the US cut into Europe #39;s lead at golf #39;s premier team event.
LEVERKUSEN LEAVE IT LATE Two goals in five minutes rescued a point for Bayer Leverkusen as they staged a late fightback against Nurnburg. Sven Muller opened the scoring for the visitors and a Diego Placente own goal midway through 
Two U.S. Soldiers Killed by Baghdad Car Bomb  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - A car bomb killed two American soldiers  and wounded eight when it exploded in Baghdad on Saturday, the  U.S. military said in a statement.
UK 'working to free Iraq hostage' The government pledges to do all it can to secure the release of a British civil engineer kidnapped in Iraq.
U.S. Plans Year-End Drive to Take Iraqi Rebel Areas American commanders in Iraq say they are preparing operations to open up rebel-held areas, especially Falluja, the restive city west of Baghdad now under control of insurgents and Islamist groups.
Long-Lost Hendrix Concert Tape Discovered STOCKHOLM, Sweden - Technicians at Sweden's public television have unearthed an unexpected delight for music lovers - a complete original recording of a Jimi Hendrix concert in Stockholm from 1969 on a tape long thought to have been destroyed.    The unmarked tape was recently found stashed on a shelf deep inside the station's enormous archives during a project to transfer archived material from tape and film to digital, SVT spokeswoman Catarina Wilson said Friday...
RIM Introduces Breakthrough Keyboard Technology for Smaller &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The new keyboard technology from Research In Motion has garnered early praise for its ingenuity and effectiveness. The BlackBerry 7100(TM) Series handsets are the first wireless devices with 
Hopkins-De La Hoya: The Final Countdown As a writer, I am certainly appreciative of the fact that fighters are not crude, monosyllabic imbeciles. Indeed, the volume, quality and variety of their articulated expressions 
Athletics: Olsson leaps to victory MONTE CARLO, September 18 (World Athletics Final) - Christian Olsson #39;s remarkable composure saw him retain his World Athletics final triple jump title in Monaco on Saturday.
Tamada steals pole position for home GP Motorsport.com. Makoto Tamada will start tomorrow #39;s Japanese GP at Motegi in pole position. The Japanese Honda rider stole pole position from fellow Bridgestone-shod rider, John Hopkins, in 
Panama Declares Emergency as Rain Kills 14 Panama declared a state of emergency on Saturday, a day after torrential rains and mudslides killed at least 14 people and wrecked or damaged the homes of about 10,000 people.
Fear keeps Darfur people in camps or town, says UK minister (AFP) AFP - A junior British minister said that people living in camps after fleeing their villages because of conflict in Sudan's Darfur region lived in fear of leaving their temporary homes despite a greater presence now of aid workers.
China Communists End Leadership Meeting (AP) AP - China's communists wrap up a key leadership meeting Sunday amid speculation over whether former President Jiang Zemin is giving up his last major post, accelerating a handover of power to his successor, Hu Jintao.
First Enron Criminal Case Set for Trial  HOUSTON (Reuters) - Nearly three years after Enron Corp.'s  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=ENRNQ.PK target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;ENRNQ.PK&lt;/A&gt; dramatic collapse into bankruptcy, the first  criminal trial against the disgraced energy company's former  employees is set to kick off on Monday.
Americans Wake Up Playing with passion and pride that was missing the first day, the United States collects 2 1/2 out of 4 points in the morning four-ball matches at the Ryder Cup on  Saturday.
Via gives away disk-scrubbing software Taiwanese chipmaker dangles open-source software to lure in programmer interest.
Cybercrime summit urges international cooperation Pressure is growing on more nations to implement the Council of Europe's anti-cybercrime treaty.
BISYS says responding to regulatory investigation BISYS Group Inc. (BSG.N: Quote, Profile, Research) , which provides administrative support to financial firms, on Monday said a subsidiary was in the process of responding to an 
Jaguar to axe 1,150 jobs Hard-pressed luxury marque Jaguar says it will cut about 1,150 jobs at its main plant in Coventry in a bid to return to profits, in another blow to Britain #39;s fading glory as a carmaking centre.
Exploit for Microsoft JPEG Flaw Is Published Code that claims to partially exploit a weakness in Microsoft software #39;s handling of image files has been published on the Internet.
IPC President Phil CRAVEN  A few moments of his life ATHENS, 18 September - At the Opening Ceremony of the 12th Paralympic Games, Phil CRAVEN, MBE, congratulated Athens and all its citizens that have contributed to getting the city ready for the Paralympic Games.
I #39;ll Give Them This One To battle your way down the interminable ramps leading to the exits at Yankee Stadium after Friday night #39;s game, you would have thought the days of a last-place finish in a 10-team league from 1966 were back to haunt us.
Weather gods smile on England England marched into the semi-finals of the ICC Champions Trophy as the Duckworth-Lewis method saw them secure a 49-run victory over Sri Lanka at the Rose Bowl.
UN atomic agency launches crackdown on Iran VIENNA - The UN atomic watchdog agency demanded Iran suspend all uranium enrichment activities and gave it until November comply with the order.
Four arrested in Jakarta bombing attack Indonesian police said Saturday that four suspects in last week #39;s bomb attack at the Australian embassy in Jakarta have been arrested.
Karzai says foreign troops vital for Afghanistan Afghan President Hamid Karzai, who most Western governments want to see win an election on Oct. 9, said today that foreign troops would remain until the country #39;s own fledgling forces can take the charge of stability.
Mickelson Back on Course After Benching (AP) AP - Phil Mickelson spent a sleepless night, not that it really mattered since he had plenty of time to rest up Saturday at the Ryder Cup. The best player in the majors this year, a chastised Mickelson sat out the morning four-ball matches mostly because U.S. captain Hal Sutton dared not risk giving away any more points.
First Enron Criminal Case Set for Trial (Reuters) Reuters - Nearly three years after Enron Corp.'s\ dramatic collapse into bankruptcy, the first\criminal trial against the disgraced energy company's former\employees is set to kick off on Monday.
No. 17 Michigan Escapes San Diego State (AP) AP - Braylon Edwards caught eight passes for 130 yards and two touchdowns, including the game-winner in the third quarter, to lead No. 17 Michigan past San Diego State 24-21 on Saturday.
UN Council Passes Resolution on Darfur Atrocities  UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - The U.N. Security Council  adopted a resolution on Saturday that threatens to consider oil  sanctions against Sudan if Khartoum does not stop atrocities in  the Darfur region.
Americans Wake Up on Day 2 of Ryder Cup The Americans won a couple of better-ball matches and halved another before losing to the most unheralded European team in the final match Saturday morning.
The makings of Siliconski Valleyski? Russia turns to India for help setting up IT industrial parks in Moscow.
Lithuania shuts Chechen rebel site Lithuania temporarily disables a website publishing information on the activities of Chechen rebel leaders.
Iran say IAEA resolution political Iran Saturday blasted a resolution by the Board of Governors of the International Atomic Energy Agency on Iran #39;s nuclear program as a political one.
West Virginia Edges Maryland 19-16 in OT (AP) AP - Rasheed Marshall threw a 7-yard touchdown pass to Chris Henry in overtime to lift No. 7 West Virginia to a 19-16 victory over No. 21 Maryland on Saturday.
Hokies Roll in ACC Opener Bryan Randall runs for one touchdown and passes for another score Saturday and Virginia Tech wins its first game as an Atlantic Coast Conference member, 41-17, over Duke.
Bush Reviews Disputed Guard Documents KENNEBUNKPORT, Maine - President Bush has reviewed disputed documents that purport to show he refused orders to take a physical examination in 1972 and did not recall having seen them previously, a White House official said Saturday.    The long-running story on Bush's Texas Air National Guard service took an unusual twist when CBS broadcast a report on what it said were the newly discovered records...
No. 17 Michigan 24, San Diego State 21 Braylon Edwards caught eight passes for 130 yards and two touchdowns, including the game-winner in the third quarter, to lead No. 17 Michigan past San Diego State 24-21 on Saturday.
IMF lets Argentina defer \$1.1 billion in debt. The International Monetary Fund on Friday granted an Argentine government request to defer \$1.1 billion in debt repayments that Buenos Aires was scheduled to make between now and January.
Outsourcing megadeals lose momentum The move by JPMorgan Chase to cancel a \$5 billion technology services contract with IBM may show  quot;megadeals quot; are going the way of the dinosaur.
700 Homers Down, 2 Men to Go As Barry Bonds spoke Friday night about strength and concentration, his 5-year-old daughter, Aisha, clutched his bulging right biceps as if she were squeezing her favorite stuffed animal.
Bomb rocks Baghdad A suicide car bomber has killed at least eight people in an attack on a police checkpoint in Baghdad, after a night of US air strikes around the rebel-held city of Falluja that killed scores.
Iraqi Airways Resumes Int #39;l Flights Iraqi Airways resumed international flights for the first time in 14 years, with a plane taking off Saturday from neighboring Jordan for Baghdad and another leaving the Iraqi capital for Damascus, Syria.
Insurgents seize more hostages An Iraqi group calling itself Abu Bakr Al-Siddiq Brigades has claimed to have abducted 10 employees from an  quot;American-Turkish quot; company operating in Iraq.
Fan With Bonds' Ball Attended Same H.S. (AP) AP - The fan who retrieved Barry Bonds' 700th home run attended the same private Catholic high school as the slugger  #151; Serra High in nearby San Mateo.
Ex-Guardsman: I Contacted Kerry Campaign (AP) AP - A retired Texas National Guard official mentioned as a possible source for disputed documents about President Bush's service in the Guard said he passed along information to a former senator working with John Kerry's campaign.
U.S. Ryder Cup Team Losing a Fight for Survival  BLOOMFIELD HILLS, Michigan (Reuters) - The U.S. Ryder Cup  team, wounded after a first day mauling, were losing a fight  for survival Saturday.
Militants Threaten to Kill US, UK Hostages in Iraq  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Insurgents in Iraq threatened Saturday  to kill 13 hostages, including two Americans and a Briton, and  staged car bomb attacks killing 23 people in Kirkuk and two  U.S. soldiers near Baghdad.
Michigan Escapes San Diego State Braylon Edwards caught eight passes for 130 yards and two touchdowns, including the game-winner in the third quarter for No. 17 Michigan.
IMF gives Argentina one-year reprieve The International Monetary Fund (IMF) has given Argentina a one-year extension on repaying \$US1.1 billion (\$A1.58 billion) in debt.
NCAA Game Summary - Marshall at Georgia Athens, GA (Sports Network) - Michael Cooper ran for the only touchdown of the game, as third-ranked Georgia rode its defense to a 13-3 victory over Marshall at Sanford Stadium.
Turkish Parliament Fails to Pass Reforms ANKARA, Turkey Sept. 18, 2004 - Turkey #39;s parliament adjourned Saturday without passing a key reform package because of divisions over the government #39;s proposal to make adultery a crime, bringing warnings 
Pentagon says 35 detainees' transferred out of Guantanamo (AFP) AFP - The US Defense Department announced the transfer of 35 detainees from Guantanamo Bay Naval Station (GTMO) in Cuba to Pakistan.
European Rookies Shine at Ryder Cup (AP) AP - Paul Casey and David Howell sure didn't look like Ryder Cup rookies on Saturday  #151; judging by the shots they produced under pressure, and by the crucial point they won.
UN Threatens Sudan with Sanctions on Darfur Abuses  UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - The U.N. Security Council  adopted a resolution on Saturday threatening Sudan with  sanctions if it did not stop atrocities in the western Darfur  region where Arab militias are terrorizing African villagers.
Lieber and Hot Bats Halt Red Sox Jon Lieber no-hit the Red Sox until David Ortiz's two-out home run in the seventh inning, and the New York Yankees beat up on Derek Lowe.
Ukraine Opposition Leader Defiant After Poisoning  KIEV (Reuters) - Ukrainian presidential hopeful Viktor  Yushchenko returned to campaigning Saturday in a defiant mood  after recovering from what his supporters said was an attempt  by authorities to poison him.
Bowen Invades Backfield In four NFL seasons spanning 54 games, Redskins safety Matt Bowen had never sacked a quarterback. In last week's win over the Bucs, he sacked Brad Johnson twice.
Yankees Beat Up Red Sox 14-4, Widen Lead NEW YORK - Jon Lieber nearly pitched a game for the ages. As it was, he was plenty good...
Cybercrime summit urges international cooperation com September 18, 2004, 12:05 PM PT. Most IT Managers won #39;t question the importance of security, but this priority has been sliding between the third and fourth most important focus for companies.
UPDATE 1-Proud Palermo ensure Inter are held again Inter Milan were held to a 1-1 draw at home to promoted Palermo on Saturday after Luca Toni cancelled out Adriano #39;s opener for Inter at the San Siro stadium.
Network Security Microsoft Image Flaw Opens Door to Hackers Microsoft is offering a patch for a critical security flaw related to the processing of JPEG images by its operating systems and other applications.
Europe Council looks to fight cybercrime BRUSSELS, Belgium - An international conference opened Wednesday amid warnings that companies, governments and individuals are increasingly vulnerable to Internet attacks by terrorists, hackers and others that rob them of privacy, money, and secrets.
Ryder Cup Golf: European Team Leads The US team has regained some ground against Europe on the second day of the Ryder Cup golf competition outside Detroit, Michigan.
Tennis: Safin Advances to China Open Finals Former US Open champion Marat Safin of Russia has advanced to the finals of the China Open tennis tournament in Beijing after scoring a straight-set win over Finland #39;s Jarkko Nieminen 6-2, 6-4.
No. 4 Miami 48, Louisiana Tech 0 Frank Gore and Tyrone Moss combined for three touchdowns, leading No. 4 Miami to a 48-0 victory over Louisiana Tech on Saturday. The Hurricanes, coming off a huge win against in-state and conference rival Florida State, certainly didn #39;t have a letdown.
Inter draws again Milan, Italy (Sports Network) - Inter Milan has earned just two points after two Serie A matches, thanks to a 1-1 draw with Palermo on Saturday night.
Two off as Real #39;s misery continues MADRID, Spain -- Real Madrid #39;s week of misery continued when they suffered a 1-0 defeat at Espanyol, finishing with nine men after the dismissals of Walter Samuel and Michel Salgado.
Howard accuses Government of lacking  #39;real #39; post-war Iraq plan Conservative leader Michael Howard has accused the Government for going to war with Iraq devoid of a comprehensive plan to restore stability to the country.
Tejada Rips Up Twins Miguel Tejada homers twice and drives in five runs, rookie Daniel Cabrera throws six strong innings and the Orioles beat up on the Twins, 12-3, Saturday.
The MGM Approach: Pay Me First, Sign the Deal Later So when a consortium of investors led by the Sony Corporation of America announced that it had reached a deal in principle to acquire Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer for nearly \$5 billion, it came 
Miami (FL) Hurricanes MIAMI (Ticker) -- For the third straight game, No. 5 Miami #39;s special teams were magical against Louisiana Tech. Redshirt sophomore Devin Hester returned two punts for touchdowns to highlight the Hurricanes #39; 48-0 thrashing of the Bulldogs.
UPDATE 2-Nine-man Real Madrid suffer chaotic 1-0 defeat Ronaldo missed a penalty and Walter Samuel and Michel Salgado were both sent off as Real Madrid lost 1-0 at Espanyol on a night of self-inflicted misery on Saturday.
Lyon, Bastia tie, share lead after Marseille tops Toulouse in &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Lyon drew 0-0 with Bastia Saturday, earning both a share of the French first-division lead as Marseille beat Toulouse 1-0 on Peguy Luyindula #39;g goal.
UN resolution threatens Sudan with sanctions The UN Security Council adopted a resolution on Saturday that threatens oil sanctions against Sudan if Khartoum does not stop atrocities in the Darfur region.
UK and US defy UN over Iraq election By James Cusick, Westminster Editor, and Zainab Naji in Baghdad. The British and United States governments are on course for another confrontation with the United Nations over the proposed elections in Iraq.
Venezuelans killed on Colombian border Seven Venezuelans, including six soldiers, were killed near the border with Colombia, and Venezuelan authorities suspect that Colombian rebels could be behind the shootings, an official said late Saturday.
So, That's the Point of This Company The head of InterActiveCorp talks about the confusion that the company's setup provokes and whether he would consider becoming the chief executive at Disney.
Packers Activate Cornerback McKenzie (AP) AP - The Green Bay Packers activated cornerback Mike McKenzie and waived tight end Sean McHugh on Saturday.
Wilstein: NHL Won't Be Widely Missed (AP) AP - The essential question facing NHL owners and locked-out players is: Who cares?
Europe Leaves U.S. Needing Ryder Cup Miracle  BLOOMFIELD HILLS, Michigan (Reuters) - The U.S. team were  left needing a final-day miracle escape after Europe maintained  their stranglehold of the 35th Ryder Cup on Saturday.
Blair Was Warned of Post-War Iraq Chaos -- Paper  LONDON (Reuters) - Britain's foreign secretary and senior  officials warned Prime Minister Tony Blair a year before  invading Iraq that chaos could follow the toppling of Saddam  Hussein, a newspaper said Saturday.
Storm Chasing (the Wall Street Version) Long before Hurricane Ivan began bearing down on the Gulf Coast last week, a special breed of money managers was carefully tracking its development.
Commodities Are Riding on China's Coattails In the first half of 2004, commodities investors worried that a hard landing for China's economy could be disastrous for them, but those fears have not borne out.
OWEN SUBBED AS REAL CRASH Michael Owens unspectacular start to life with Real Madrid continued as he was substituted early in the second half after making his first start for the club, as they lost 1-0 to unfancied Espanyol.
No. 12 Virginia Dominates Akron 51-0 (AP) AP - Defensively dominant and offensively unstoppable, at least so far, No. 12 Virginia started the season with three straight wins for the first time since 1998 with a 51-0 victory against Akron on Saturday.
U.N. Threatens Sanctions Against Sudan UNITED NATIONS - The U.N. Security Council approved a resolution Saturday threatening oil sanctions against Sudan unless the government acts to rein in Arab militias accused of violence in the Darfur region that the United States has called genocide...
La. Voters Expected to OK Gay-Marriage Ban BATON ROUGE, La. - Louisiana voters decided Saturday whether to approve a constitutional amendment to ban gay marriage, one of up to 12 such measures on the ballot around the country this year...
Unions in talks over Jaguar blow Unions are to hold an emergency meeting with workers at the doomed Browns Lane Jaguar plant in Coventry. Parent company Ford plans to stop car production at the plant, with 400 voluntary redundancies and 425 jobs moved to the Castle Bromwich factory.
Ad boss keeps his job and earns \$30m  #39;compensation #39; The boss of the American advertising group which was taken over last week by Sir Martin Sorrell #39;s WPP will receive almost \$30m (18m)  quot;compensation quot; for keeping his job.
Why a Red Sox Fan Shouldn #39;t Really Want His Team to End the World ou have a friend who is a Boston Red Sox fan. A good, loyal friend. A confidant you can pity. Boy, you say to him, the Sox are strong this year.
Flintoff brings a golden hue to autumn Anything is possible for England now. The Champions Trophy, South Africa this winter, the World Cup, the Ashes next summer, global domination, all those things that once 
Still Healing From Burns, Earnhardt Is Ready for Nascar #39;s New &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; If only Dale Earnhardt Jr. could jump in his car and tear away from the fuss, leaving thunder clouds of defiant black tire smoke in his wake.
Lecce and Palermo Share Lead in Italy Southerners Lecce and Sicilys Palermo are the surprise pacesetters in Serie A after playing their second matches of the season.
Myanmar #39;s foreign minister, deputy fired MYANMAR #39;S military junta yesterday dismissed the Foreign Minister and his deputy in an unexpected Cabinet reshuffle that saw two other ministers also fired.
Panama Declares State of Emergency in Response to Deadly Floods The Panamanian government declared a state of emergency Saturday in response to torrential rains which triggered flooding and mudslides, leaving at least 10 people dead and a dozen others missing.
New York Hopes to Win Olympics by Dividing Votes The people behind New York City's bid for the 2012 Olympics think they have a chance to beat the four competing European capitals.
Europe Looks to Rout U.S. Without Monty (AP) AP - Nobody is more responsible than Colin Montgomerie for Europe's surge to supremacy in the Ryder Cup. That didn't keep him in the lineup Saturday with the Europeans on the verge of a rout.
Ga. Lawmakers Favor Car Tours on Island (AP) AP - Cumberland Island is the largest undeveloped barrier island on the Eastern Seaboard and about half of it is federal wilderness area, meaning visitors and National Park Service employees are supposed to hike rather than drive. But the island has a handful of permanent residents who are free to drive on the three roads.
NASA Still Lacks Shuttle Repair Kits Nearly two years after Columbia shattered in the sky, NASA still has no way of repairing the kind of holes that could doom another shuttle, space agency officials acknowledged 
Bombers show Red Sox why they remain the team to beat NEW YORK -- So maybe everybody got a little too carried away with this Red Sox resurgence. Maybe we forgot who these guys really are.
Real Madrid Shocked By Espanyol Its official; Real Madrid is in a crisis after slumping to a 1-0 defeat away to Espanyol. The loss is Madrids second of the week as they were humiliated on Wednesday by Bayer Leverkusen in Champions League play.
Shifting our Kashmir Paradigm Shortly before Pakistans Foreign Minister Khursheed Mehmood Kasuri came to New Delhi, Natwar Singh held a background briefing for journalists.
Lycos Scraps Anti-Spam Screensaver A contentious campaign to bump up the bandwidth bills of spammers by flooding their sites with data has been dropped. Lycos Europe #39;s Make Love, Not Spam campaign began in late November but its tactics proved controversial.
Dominguez a late scratch Saturday, Benoit fills in After appealing his 16-game suspension Friday night and pitching one inning in a mopup role against the Angels, Rangers right-hander Frank Francisco began serving his 
No. 14 Auburn Upends No. 5 LSU 10-9 (AP) AP - Jason Campbell hit Courtney Taylor for a 16-yard touchdown pass with 1:14 to play and No. 14 Auburn got two chances to kick the winning extra point in a 10-9 victory over No. 5 LSU Saturday.
Sutton Goes for Broke in Final-Day Pairings  BLOOMFIELD HILLS, Michigan (Reuters) - U.S. captain Hal  Sutton, looking for a final-day miracle in the Ryder Cup,  predictably packed the upper order of his singles list with his  biggest guns for Sunday.
Cavaliers Flatten Zips Wali Lundy runs for three touchdowns for the third straight game and Marques Hagans threw two scoring passes to Heath Miller as Virginia stifled Akron, 51-0, Saturday.
Europe Puts U.S. in Big Hole at Ryder Cup BLOOMFIELD TOWNSHIP, Mich. - Backed by the clutch performance from its English rookies and reliable play from Sergio Garcia and Lee Westwood, Europe put the United States in another huge hole Saturday by taking an 11-5 lead at the Ryder Cup and making victory Sunday seem like a mere formality...
Jeanne Lashes Dominican Republic; 9 Dead SAN PEDRO DE MACORIS, Dominican Republic - Tropical Storm Jeanne battered the Dominican Republic before heading to the Bahamas where the tempest, which has killed at least nine people, began to churn seas and stir deadly storm surges on Saturday.    Jeanne lost strength as it drove thousands of Dominicans from their homes by late Friday...
Emmys to Have New Look, Same Matchups LOS ANGELES - The Emmy Awards will have a different look Sunday but a familiar matchup as "The Sopranos" tries again to topple "The West Wing" and get its first win as best dramatic series.    Meanwhile, viewers will get a chance to say another goodbye to three popular comedy series that ended this past season: "Sex and the City,""Frasier" and "Friends."   HBO's "Sex and the City" is the leading comedy nominee at the 56th Annual Primetime Emmy Awards, with 11 bids, including for best comedy series and for star Sarah Jessica Parker...
Ivan Remnants Turn Fatal Along East Coast WHEELING, W.Va. - Remnants of Hurricane Ivan made a violent mark across the Southeast and the Appalachians, where several people were killed by falling trees and floods that washed away scores of roads...
Market miscellany Buy Kingfisher (307p), the international DIY retailer. Last week the group, which owns the B amp;Q chain in the UK and Castorama on France, reported a better-than-expected 18 per cent rise in interim pre-tax profits.
Arsenal 2-2 Bolton Heaven help the Arsenal players when they do eventually lose their very long unbeaten run. It stayed intact yesterday to 46 matches but it didnt stop a clearly frustrated Arsene Wenger claiming that his 
Padres 5, Giants 1 The San Francisco slugger added another home run to his impressive total a day after hitting career homer No. 700, but San Diego #39;s Jay Payton hit a tiebreaking three-run shot in the seventh to lead the Padres past the Giants 5-1 on Saturday.
Blair told Bush he  #39;would not budge #39; in support for war Leaked documents show a gulf between public statements on Iraq and private talks with the White House. Francis Elliott reports. Tony Blair privately promised George Bush he would not budge in his support for 
Stem-cell science: Mirage or shining city? Microscopic embryonic stem cells might hold the answer to afflictions from baldness, wrinkles, and age spots to the most intractable diseases.
UK to scale back troops: report Britain is to scale back its 8,000-strong military presence in southern Iraq in October, despite fears of worsening security in the run-up to elections, the Observer newspaper reports.
Second-Ranked Oklahoma Routs Oregon 31-7 (AP) AP - Freshman Adrian Peterson ran for 183 yards and scored two touchdowns in his third straight 100-yard rushing performance to lead No. 2 Oklahoma to a 31-7 victory over Oregon on Saturday.
File and Printer Sharing Insecure in XP SP2 ProKras writes  quot;German magazine PC-Welt has discovered a major security flaw in Windows XP SP2 when installing over SP1. The article says that  #39;with a certain configuration, your file and printer sharing data 
ECB joins finance chiefs to issue euro fx warning BRUSSELS: The European Central Bank and euro zone finance ministers have issued their starkest warning to date that they are unhappy with the euro #39;s surge and said they were closely monitoring exchange rate swings.
Pouring It On, Yanks Cool Off Sox With the offense rumbling and Jon Lieber in command, the Yankees walloped Boston at misty, wind-whipped Yankee Stadium.
Oil-Rich Kazakhstan Votes After Flawed Campaign  ALMATY (Reuters) - Oil-rich Kazakhstan prepared to vote  Sunday in a parliamentary poll criticized by the West and all  but written off as unfair by opposition parties.
Kazakhs vote in general election Kazakhstan chooses a new parliament - currently dominated by President Nazarbayev's supporters.
Argentina asks Brown to help ease debt burden Gordon Brown will this week be urged to intervene on behalf of Argentina at the International Monetary Fund and write off much of the embattled country #39;s \$100 billion-worth of debts.
AL Wrap: Lieber Dominates as Yankees Thump Red Sox Jon Leiber carried a no-hitter into the seventh inning while Alex Rodriguez homered, scored three runs and drove in three more to lead the New York Yankees to a 14-4 win over the Boston Red Sox on Saturday.
Gibbs defies modern logic South Africa defied conventional wisdom at The Oval yesterday. Worldly-wise cricket analysts apply a simple formula to one-day cricket in England in September, especially when it starts at 10.
Collins finds new life in  #39;murderball #39; mayhem If you were looking for a city that was impeccably correct in its attitude towards people with disabilities, you probably wouldn #39;t put Athens at the top of your list.
Pedersen levels Gunners at last Arsenal #39;s bogey team got up their noses once again. Bolton Wanderers, and their manager Sam Allardyce, halted the champions #39; steamroller start to the season with a performance, which, as usual, showed scant regard for starry reputations.
Flintoff boost for England One of the marks of a great player is the ability to produce when it matters. This was England #39;s most important one-day game of the season.
No. 20 Wisconsin Holds Off Arizona 9-7 (AP) AP - Booker Stanley ran for a career-high 135 yards on 30 carries, including a 7-yard run for Wisconsin's only touchdown, and the 20th-ranked Badgers rallied for a stormy 9-7 victory over Arizona on Saturday.
Oil prices up, now \$41.95 per barrel LONDON OIL prices rebounded yesterday after falling sharply last week on receding supply worries, buoyed by jitters over this weeks OPEC meeting and last weekends seizure of four flow stations in Rivers State, Nigeria by militant youths.
Putin #39;s reforms are undemocratic says governor A Russian governor has become the first to break ranks over Kremlin plans to abolish elected regional heads and replace them with appointees, attacking the proposals as  quot;undemocratic and unconstitutional quot;.
Britain to cut troop levels in Iraq The British Army is to start pulling troops out of Iraq next month despite the deteriorating security situation in much of the country, The Observer has learnt.
Pope pleads for peace in Iraq POPE John Paul today issued a new appeal for peace in Iraq and the Middle East, condemning the  quot;horror quot; of violence as well as  quot;the terrorism that cruelly targets the innocent quot;.
Ohio St. Forces Turnovers to Top N.C. St. (AP) AP - The Luckeyes' magic is alive and well. Ohio State made up for a shoddy day offensively by forcing five turnovers, and Mike Nugent tied a school record with five field goals to give the ninth-ranked Buckeyes a 22-14 victory over North Carolina State on Saturday.
Westwood Tough to Beat at Ryder Cup (AP) AP - Lee Westwood strolled to his car with his chest out, head high and a big smile.
AL Wrap: Lieber Dominates as Yankees Thump Red Sox  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Jon Leiber carried a no-hitter into  the seventh inning while Alex Rodriguez homered, scored three  runs and drove in three more to lead the New York Yankees to a  14-4 win over the Boston Red Sox on Saturday.
Auburn Converts Second Chance to Stun L.S.U. Jason Campbell hit Courtney Taylor for a 16-yard touchdown pass with 1 minute 14 seconds to play and No. 14 Auburn got two chances to kick the winning extra point.
For the U.S., a Big Deficit and Little Time to Come Back Europe will enter the 12 singles matches Sunday holding a 11-5 lead and needing to finish with only 14 points to retain the Ryder Cup.
Sooners Methodical in Picking Off the Ducks Oklahoma appeared to be one of the greatest teams in college football history last season until it lost its final two games. Through their first three games this season 
UN Calls on Iran to Freeze Nuke Enrichment Plans (Reuters) Reuters - The U.N. nuclear watchdog called on Iran\on Saturday to immediately halt activities related to uranium\enrichment, a process that can be used to make atomic weapons.
Alitalia Signs Deal With Attendants (AP) AP - Near-bankrupt Italian flagship carrier Alitalia won approval from flight attendants Saturday for a job-cutting plan  #151; the last in a series of labor deals crucial to saving the airline from collapse.
Eves, Harper call for Ontario Conservative party to unite behind new leader (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - TORONTO (CP) - Ontario Progressive Conservative members must unite behind whoever is chosen as their new leader, outgoing Leader Ernie Eves and Federal Conservative Leader Stephen Harper said as the party awaited the result of its leadership contest Saturday.
IBM Wins Time for Talks in Pension Case (AP) AP - The judge presiding over a massive pension suit against IBM, which could cost the company more than  #36;6.5 billion, agreed to a short delay while settlement talks continue.
Pakistan militants 'on the run' Pakistani troops say they have cleared foreign militants from large parts of the troubled region of South Waziristan.
Microsoft offers patch to fix security flaw Microsoft Corp., a worldwide leader in operating systems and Internet technologies, announced that it has found a major flaw in Windows XP operating system that is related to the JPEG image format.
Militants Threaten to Kill Iraq Hostages (AP) AP - An al-Qaida linked group threatened in a videotape Saturday to behead two Americans and a Briton within two days, and insurgents carried out a new string of car bombings, killing at least 20 Iraqis and two American soldiers.
NL Wrap: Padres Ease Past Giants Despite Bonds Homer (Reuters) Reuters - Jay Payton's three-run homer led\the San Diego Padres to a 5-1 win over the San Francisco Giants\in National League play Saturday, despite a 701st career blast\from Barry Bonds.
NL Wrap: Padres Ease Past Giants Despite Bonds Homer  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Jay Payton's three-run homer led  the San Diego Padres to a 5-1 win over the San Francisco Giants  in National League play Saturday, despite a 701st career blast  from Barry Bonds.
701, But No Win Barry Bonds adds another home run to his total a day after hitting No. 700, but San Diego's Jay Payton hit a three-run shot in the seventh to lead the Padres past the Giants, 5-1.
A Second-Chance Win Jason Campbell hits Courtney Taylor for a 16-yard touchdown pass with 1:14 to play and No. 14 Auburn gets two chances to kick the winning extra point in a 10-9 victory over No. 5 LSU on Saturday.
Ogden Set to Start Pro Bowl left tackle Jonathan Ogden will start Sunday against the Pittsburgh Steelers after sitting out the opener with a sprained medial collateral ligament in his left knee.
Mickelson Wakes Up After a restless night Friday, Phil Mickelson was feeling a bit better after Saturday's foursomes, where he and David Toms gave the U.S. a 4-and-3 victory over Miguel Angel Jimenez and Thomas Levet.
Gordon Is Out Front Jeff Gordon enters Sunday's Sylvania 300, the first event of the "Chase for the Nextel Cup," as the points leader and the odds-on favorite.
Martin Short Film Closes Toronto Festival TORONTO - There could hardly be a more appropriate movie to close the Toronto International Film Festival Saturday night than Martin Short's "Jiminy Glick in Lalawood."   Shot at the festival in 2002 with a bevy of star cameos, the schmoozefest satire plops the obese and obnoxious celebrity interviewer Jiminy Glick (Short in a fat-suit) into a murder-mystery. It's like "The Player" on laughing gas...
Madonna Makes Israeli Midnight Pilgrimage JERUSALEM - Pop diva Madonna made a midnight pilgrimage to a Jerusalem cemetery early Sunday, holding a mystical candlelit ceremony at the grave of a Jewish sage.    The singer is in Israel on a five-day spiritual quest along with 2,000 other students of Kabbalah, or Jewish mysticism...
Russia expects high trade volume with China The Russian-Chinese trade will have hit a record high of US\$20 US by the end of this year, a senior Russian diplomat said on Saturday.
Iomega Readies Wireless Storage Device Iomega will soon ship its first network-attached storage device equipped with wireless networking technology. The product, dubbed the NAS 100d, is targeted at small-office and home-office users looking for 
Jennings faces Dodgers in finale com. Despite the Rockies and Dodgers meeting 14 times already this year already, Rockies right-hander Jason Jennings will make his first start of the season against Los Angeles on Sunday.
Pakistan militants  #39;on the run #39; Pakistan #39;s military says it has cleared foreign Islamic militants from large parts of the troubled region of South Waziristan, near the Afghan border.
Amazon offers discount to A9 search users Amazon Inc., a popular online retailer, extended its reach on the Internet by introducing its search engine on Tuesday. The search engine was launched earlier this week and is the first project from Amazon #39;s 
Real Madrid suffer new shock at Espanyol Real Madrid suffered their first Liga defeat of the season at Espanyol last night as their season threatens to collapse. David Beckham, captain Raul and Fernando Morientes all started the game on the bench 
Blair denies Iraq post-war chaos warning British Prime Minister Tony Blair has denied reports that his foreign minister, Jack Straw, had warned him a year before the US-led invasion of Iraq that a war could push the country into chaos.
Holmes leaves rivals trailing Kelly Holmes proved that her double victory at the Olympic Games was no fluke in the World Athletics Final in the Stade Louis II in Monte Carlo with a turn of speed to win the 1500 metres that was even more impressive than in Athens last month.
Matthew Zemek / CollegeFootballNews.com Posted: 4 minutes ago You could talk about Auburn #39;s gritty defense, which managed to turn back LSU when the Bayou Bengals were up 9-3 and driving for a crucial field goal that would have made it a two-possession game midway through the third quarter.
Kane, Kung share Safeway Classic lead Candie Kung and Lorie Kane overcame the wind and the rain -- and a rally by Annika Sorenstam -- to top the Safeway Classic leaderboard.
Iraq Hostage Fate Hangs in Perilous Balance The fate of a British hostage kidnapped in Baghdad was looking increasingly perilous today, after his Muslim extremist captors threatened to kill him if their demands are not met.
Cards Shut Out D-Backs, Clinch NL Central (AP) AP - The St. Louis Cardinals became the first major league team to clinch a playoff spot this season, winning the NL Central for the third time in five seasons.
Canadian dollar is hit by low inflation rate TORONTO: The Canadian dollar fell hard after Canada #39;s inflation for August came in well shy of expectations and prompted a new debate on the pace of future Bank of Canada interest rate hikes.
NL Wrap: Padres Ease Past Giants Despite Bonds Homer Jay Payton #39;s three-run homer led the San Diego Padres to a 5-1 win over the San Francisco Giants in National League play Saturday, despite a 701st career blast from Barry Bonds.
Troops kill 15 rebels in Kashmir SRINAGAR: Indian soldiers shot and killed 15 Muslim rebels in separate gunbattles across Kashmir yesterday, police and border security officials said.
Kane, Kung Share Safeway Classic Lead (AP) AP - Candie Kung and Lorie Kane overcame the wind and the rain  #151; and a rally by Annika Sorenstam  #151; to top the Safeway Classic leaderboard.
Bush Reviews Disputed Guard Documents (AP) AP - President Bush has reviewed disputed documents that purport to show he refused orders to take a physical examination in 1972 and did not recall having seen them previously, a White House official said Saturday.
Kerry Tells Donors He's Ready to Fight (AP) AP - Democrat John Kerry reminded his hometown supporters at a  #36;3 million fund-raiser Saturday night that he's come from behind to win elections before.
Returns: La. Voters Back Gay-Marriage Ban (AP) AP - Early returns indicated strong support among Louisiana voters for a state constitutional amendment banning same-sex marriages and civil unions, one of up to 12 such measures on the ballot around the country this year.
Macedonia cabinet survives vote The Macedonian government wins a vote of no-confidence introduced by the opposition.
A Le Mondes The editor of France's most prestigious daily exits, but the paper's troubles aren't going away soon
Host Says Rather Criticism Got Him Fired SEATTLE - A radio talk-show host said Saturday he has been fired for criticizing CBS newsman Dan Rather's handling of challenges to the authenticity of memos about President Bush's National Guard service.   "On the talk show that I host, or hosted, I said I felt Rather should either retire or be forced out over this," said Brian Maloney, whose weekly "The Brian Maloney Show" aired for three years on KIRO-AM Radio, a CBS affiliate here...
Buckeyes Edge Wolf Pack Kicker Mike Nugent ties a school record with five field goals and No. 9 Ohio State forces five turnovers in a 22-14 victory over N.C. State on Saturday.
Ivan, Remnants Blamed for 45 U.S. Deaths WHEELING, W.Va. - Remnants of Hurricane Ivan made a violent mark across the Southeast and the Appalachians, where several people were killed by falling trees and floods that washed away scores of roads...
U.N. Demands Iran Halt Uranium Enrichment VIENNA, Austria - For the first time, 35 nations in the U.N. atomic watchdog agency demanded Saturday that Iran freeze all work on uranium enrichment - a technology that can be used for nuclear arms - and said they would judge Tehran's compliance in two months...
Returns: La. Voters Back Gay-Marriage Ban NEW ORLEANS - Early returns indicated strong support among Louisiana voters for a state constitutional amendment banning same-sex marriages and civil unions, one of up to 12 such measures on the ballot around the country this year.    With only 4 percent of precincts reporting, 33,255 voters or 82 percent supported the amendment, with 7,194 or 18 percent against...
Yankees #39; victory demonstrates Jeter #39;s value NEW YORK - Joe Torre does not bother to look for the look, not anymore. In the immediate wake of a traumatic baseball experience, Torre might need his green tea, his turn on the exercise bike, his time with family and friends.
UN Threatens Sanctions Against Sudan The UN Security Council approved a resolution Saturday threatening sanctions against Sudan unless it acts to rein in Arab militias accused of violence in Darfur that the United States has called genocide.
Howard  #39;didn #39;t want #39; \$600 payment A LEAKED Cabinet document showed Prime Minister John Howard was originally against the \$600 child payment, Opposition Leader Mark Latham said today.
Astros Nip Brews in 11th-Consecutive Win (AP) AP - Jeff Bagwell homered and drove in three runs, becoming the 29th player in major league history to both score and drive in 1,500 runs, and the Houston Astros rallied to beat the Milwaukee Brewers 4-3 on Saturday night.
Pena Homers Give Reds 6-5 Edge Over Cubs (AP) AP - Wily Mo Pena hit two home runs to offset a pair by Moises Alou and lead the Cincinnati Reds over the Chicago Cubs 6-5 Saturday night.
Slain Haiti Pastor's Funeral Postponed (AP) AP - The funeral of a slain evangelical pastor was postponed Saturday after tens of thousands tried to attend, underscoring frustration with crime in a country where rebels who ousted President Jean-Bertrand Aristide six months ago still patrol some towns.
Japan Shares Seen Moving in Narrow Range (Reuters) Reuters - Japanese shares will probably move in a\narrow range in a week shortened by public holidays, but could\dip below the 11,000 level as earnings disappointment saps Wall\Street's momentum and as concern lingers over the global\economic outlook.
Japan Shares Seen Moving in Narrow Range  TOKYO (Reuters) - Japanese shares will probably move in a  narrow range in a week shortened by public holidays, but could  dip below the 11,000 level as earnings disappointment saps Wall  Street's momentum and as concern lingers over the global  economic outlook.
Dick Ebersol Released from Hospital  GRAND JUNCTION, Colo. (Sports Network) - NBC Sports  chairman Dick Ebersol and his son Charlie were released from  the hospital Monday, a week after surviving a charter plane  crash that killed three people, including Ebersol's youngest  son.
Big Carriers Feeling Poor The shakeout in the global airline industry has moved forward like a slow-motion train wreck since Sept. 11, 2001, but last week the pace quickened considerably.
Amazon #39;s A9 Reaches Beyond Google #39;s Basics Amazon.com is trying to out-Google the king of Internet search with a new site that puts a fancy face on Google #39;s plain-Jane search results.
Kimono-Makers Employ Computer Graphics (AP) AP - For centuries, Japan's kimono-makers have relied on stencils, paintbrushes and hours of labor to turn out their elaborate and graceful creations. Kimono designer Yuko Iwakuma uses some more up-to-date tools: a computer and an ink-jet printer.
Fifteenth-Ranked Utah Rocks Utah St. 48-6 (AP) AP - Alex Smith threw for one touchdown and ran for another, and Utah converted three Utah State turnovers into touchdowns to rout its rival 48-6 Saturday night.
35 Pakistanis Held in Cuba Return Home   ISLAMABAD, Pakistan, Sept. 18 -- Thirty-five Pakistani men released from U.S. military prison at Guantanamo Bay,  Cuba, returned home Saturday, a senior interior ministry official said.
Surprise Victory in Philippines Puts Crack in Dynasty Tradition   ILAGAN, Philippines -- The governor of Isabela province, Grace Padaca, looked out at the misty rice fields from the tiled terrace of her official residence and said she never expected to call the mansion her home.
Tropical Storm Heads for Bahamas   SANTO DOMINGO, Dominican Republic, Sept. 18 -- Tropical Storm Jeanne headed for the Bahamas on Saturday after an assault on the Dominican Republic that killed 10 people, destroyed hundreds of houses and forced thousands from their homes.
After Recapturing N. Iraqi City,  Rebuilding Starts From Scratch  TALL AFAR, Iraq -- A three-foot-high coil of razor wire, 21-ton armored vehicles and American soldiers with black M-4 assault rifles stood between tens of thousands of people and their homes last week.
U.S. Army Base Faces Uncertain Fate At Ulrich Jung's hair salon, rumors are flying about the future of this small town in the rolling hills of southwestern Germany. One customer with a buzz cut has heard that all the U.S. troops will leave by 2007. Someone else has information that they will be gone sooner, perhaps within a year.
Cali Drug Kingpin Faces U.S. Court in Chains &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; By Michael Christie&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; MIAMI (Reuters) - The most powerful drug lord everextradited by Colombia appeared before a U.S. judge on Monday,and his lawyer said he would fight U.S. charges that he ran hismultibillion-dollar business from a Colombian jail cell.&lt;/p&gt;
Spadea sets up Mello match Top seed Vince Spadea eased into the final of ATP International in Delray Beach in Florida in straight sets. The 30-year-old beat fellow American Jeff Salzenstein, who had knocked out Greg Rusedski in the quarter-finals, 6-3 6-1.
Florida St. Seminoles The 11th-ranked Seminoles converted seven fourth downs and did not punt until the final period in a solid 34-7 victory over UAB. Embattled Chris Rix threw for 191 yards and ran for 42 and a touchdown for Florida 
Iraqi Airways flies for first time in 14 years AMMAN, Jordan Iraq has a fledgling economy, an infant democracy, and now -- an up-and-running airline. Iraqi Airways has resumed international flights for the first time in 14 years.
Stowers Expansion Hinges On Stem Cell Research KANSAS CITY, Mo. -- The Stowers Institute of Medical Research will not build its second center in Missouri if the state outlaws stem cell research, Stowers president William Neaves said Friday.
Italian hostages possibly sold to Zarqawi group ROME - Iraqi kidnappers may have sold two Italian women hostages to militants tied to al Qaeda ally Abu Musab al-Zarqawi, Deputy Iraqi Foreign Minister Hamid al-Bayati has been quoted as saying.
Kobe Bryant Lawyers Want His Sexual Past Off Limits  DENVER (Reuters) - Lawyers for basketball star Kobe Bryant  asked a judge on Monday to order attorneys for a Colorado woman  who has sued him for rape not to ask the Los Angeles Laker  about his sexual past.
Ivan, Remnants Blamed for 46 U.S. Deaths WHEELING, W.Va. - Remnants of Hurricane Ivan made a violent mark across the Southeast and the Appalachians, where several people were killed by falling trees and floods that washed away scores of roads...
 #39;Put This Nightmare Behind Me #39; Sept. 27 issue - It #39;s not the kind of thing people typically like to rush, but then again, Martha Stewart has been full of surprises lately.
Market sees another Fed hike this week, but future course unclear The Federal Reserve is likely to lift key rates by a quarter-point this week, but a sputtering US economy is forcing policymakers to re-evaluate the outlook for future increases, analysts say.
Europe on verge of record Ryder rout Sergio Garcia removed the flag from the 18th hole and waved it over his head. Padraig Harrington tossed his glove and cap into crowd that draped itself in European flags and sang  quot;Ole, Ole quot; from the top of his lungs.
Spadea, Mello to vie for Delray Beach ATP title Brazil #39;s Ricardo Mello booked his first ever ATP final berth of his career Saturday to vie for the Delray Beach title against top-seeded American Vince Spadea.
Flintoff a reminder of Botham years Australia cricket coach John Buchanan has warned England #39;s master blaster Andrew Flintoff he won #39;t have things so easy when he faces the world champions on Tuesday.
Saturday #39;s Top 25 Capsules Jason Campbell threw a 16-yard scoring pass to Courtney Taylor with 1:14 to play and No. 14 Auburn got two chances to kick the winning extra point in a 10-9 victory over No.
No. 8 Florida State 34, UAB 7 Bobby Bowden couldn #39;t get excited about Florida State #39;s first win of the season. Not after last week #39;s dramatic heartbreaker.
Sudan faces threat of sanctions The United Nations Security Council has passed a resolution that threatens  quot;to consider quot; oil sanctions on Sudan if the government does not act to end the violence in the country #39;s troubled Darfur region.
IRA, rivals fail to make progress A high-stakes effort to revive a Catholic-Protestant government for Northern Ireland has ended in failure, but hope remains of an eventual breakthrough, the prime ministers of Britain and Ireland said yesterday.
Deadline threat for Iraq hostages Militants threaten to execute three Western hostages unless all female Iraqi prisoners are set free.
Football: Anelka duo sinks Palace Two goals from Nicolas Anelka are enough to give Man City their first away win of the season.
Blair in talks with Iraqi leader Tony Blair is to hold his first talks with Iraq's interim prime minister Iyad Allawi at Downing Street.
New York Hopes to Win Olympics by Dividing Votes The people behind New York City's bid for the 2012 Summer Games think they have a chance to beat the four competing European capitals.
Ready or Not (and Maybe Not), Electronic Voting Goes National Whether or not the machines are ready for the election - or the electorate ready for the machines - there is no turning back.
Speed and Elegance in a Desktop Package With the iMac G5, Apple has pared the desktop computer down to little more than the parts that people look at and touch -- keyboard, screen and mouse.&lt;br&gt;&lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-Rob Pegoraro&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;
Rebates Fuel Sales, Frazzle Buyers For retailers and manufacturers, rebates are a quick and easy way to adjust prices in a cost-conscious market.&lt;br&gt;&lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;
Reaching Beyond Google's Basics Amazon.com is trying to out-Google the king of Internet search with a new site, A9.com, that puts a fancy face on Google's plain-Jane search results. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-Leslie Walker&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;
Speed and Elegance in a Desktop Package (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - With the iMac G5, Apple has pared the desktop computer down to little more than the parts that people look at and touch -- keyboard, screen and mouse.
U.N. Demands Iran Halt Uranium Enrichment (AP) AP - For the first time, 35 nations in the U.N. atomic watchdog agency demanded Saturday that Iran freeze all work on uranium enrichment  #151; a technology that can be used for nuclear arms  #151; and said they would judge Tehran's compliance in two months.
South Korea's Roh to showcase Russia's regional ambitions (AFP) AFP - South Korean President Roh Moo-Hyun begins Monday a high-profile visit to Russia that is a chance for Moscow to showcase its role as a regional power in northeast Asia.
No. 25 Memphis Rolls Past Arkansas State (AP) AP - Tim Goodwell forced a fumble and returned it 10 yards for a touchdown with 2:22 left and No. 25 Memphis scored 21 points in the final three minutes for a 47-35 comeback victory over Arkansas State on Saturday.
AL Wrap: Lieber Dominates as Yankees Thump Red Sox  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Jon Leiber carried a no-hitter into  the seventh inning while Alex Rodriguez homered, scored three  runs and drove in three more to lead the New York Yankees to a  14-4 win over the Boston Red Sox Saturday.
NL Wrap: Padres Pass Giants Despite Bonds Homer  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Jay Payton's three-run homer led  the San Diego Padres to a 5-1 win over the San Francisco Giants  in National League play on Saturday, despite a 701st career  blast from Barry Bonds.
Cheney: Terrorists Must Be Met With Force (AP) AP - Vice President Dick Cheney said Saturday the Bush administration is working hard to protect the nation from the gravest threat facing it  #151; the possibility that nuclear weapons will fall into the hands of terrorists.
Pouring It on, Yanks Cool Off Sox With the offense rumbling and Jon Lieber in command, the Yankees walloped Boston at misty, wind-whipped Yankee Stadium.
For the U.S., a Big Deficit and Little Time to Come Back Europe will enter the 12 singles matches holding a 11-5 lead and needing to finish with only 14 points to retain the Ryder Cup.
Oil-Rich Kazakhstan Votes, Poll Criticized by West  ALMATY (Reuters) - Oil-rich Kazakhstan voted on Sunday in a  parliamentary poll criticized by the West and all but written  off as unfair by opposition parties.
Argentina debe implementar las reformas del FMI Sir, After all of Argentina #39;s economic pain, one can understand Alfonso Prat-Gay, Argentina #39;s central bank governor, taking satisfaction from the stronger-than-expected bounce in the country #39;s economy over the past two years ( quot;How Argentina defied the 
Blair meets with Iraqi PM Their meeting comes after the British PM played down claims that he had been warned a year before the war to oust Saddam Hussein of the chaos that might follow.
Deadline threat for Iraq hostages Militants have threatened to kill three Western hostages unless all female Iraqi prisoners are set free by Monday. The men - Briton Kenneth Bigley, and US colleagues Jack Hensley and Eugene Armstrong - were 
No. 13 Tenn. Stuns No. 11 Florida 30-28 (AP) AP - James Wilhoit kicked a 50-yard field goal with six seconds to go to lift No. 13 Tennessee to a 30-28 victory over 11th-ranked Florida on Saturday night.
ChiSox Slip Past Tigers 9-8, 12 Innings (AP) AP - Joe Borchard scored from second base on Aaron Rowand's infield single in the 12th inning to give the Chicago White Sox a wild 9-8 victory over the Detroit Tigers on Saturday night.
Former NBA Star Calvin Murphy Acquitted of Sexual Abuse  HOUSTON (Reuters) - Former basketball star Calvin Murphy  was acquitted on Monday by a Houston jury on charges he  sexually abused five of his daughters.
12 Years After the Riots, Rodney King Gets Along Rodney King, whose videotaped beating led to riots in Los Angeles in 1992, is out of jail now and talking frankly for the first time about the riots, himself and the American way of life.
Spadea in semifinals Top-seeded Vincent Spadea beat qualifier Hugo Armando 6-3, 1-6, 6-4 Friday night to reach the semifinals of the Millennium International Tennis Championships.
England advance to semi in rain-shortened match Andrew Flintoff scored 104 as England advanced to the semi-finals of the Champions Trophy yesterday with a 49-run win over Sri Lanka, the match a victim of persistent rain at the Rose Bowl.
MLB: Cincinnati 6, Chicago Cubs 5 Wily Mo Pena hit two home runs Saturday to give the Cincinnati Reds a 6-5 victory over the Chicago Cubs. D #39;Angelo Jimenez also homered for the Reds, who snapped a three-game losing streak.
Rain holds up Windies LONDON (CMC) - Only six overs were possible in West Indies #39; response before rain then bad light stopped play in their final ICC Champions Trophy Group-B match against South Africa yesterday.
Rebels threaten to kill Briton The fate of a British hostage kidnapped in Baghdad is looking increasingly perilous after his captors threatened to kill him if their demands are not met.
Indonesians set to go to polls The bombing of the Australian embassy in Jakarta has elevated terrorism, as an election issue, from a shade above nowhere to a point just visible on Indonesia #39;s political horizon.
Hopkins Stops De La Hoya, Retains Title (AP) AP - Bernard Hopkins suddenly ended a close fight with two left hooks to the body in the ninth round Saturday night to stop Oscar De La Hoya and ruin his bid to become the undisputed middleweight champion.
Global Warming Fast Facts Global Warming is a hot topic that shows little sign of cooling down. Earth's climate &lt;i&gt;is&lt;/i&gt; changing, but just how it's happening, and our own role in the process, is less certain. &lt;b&gt;Includes photo gallery.&lt;/b&gt;
Market sees another Fed hike this week, but future course unclear WASHINGTON: The Federal Reserve is likely to lift key rates by a quarter-point this week, but a sputtering US economy is forcing policymakers to re-evaluate the outlook for future increases, analysts say.
NCAA Game Summary - Notre Dame At Michigan State East Lansing, MI -- Brady Quinn completed 11-of-24 pass attempts for 215 yards and one touchdown, as the Notre Dame Fighting Irish defeated the Michigan State Spartans 31-24 in a non-conference match up from Spartan Stadium.
Nuclear monitors return to Seoul A team from the International Atomic Energy Agency travels to South Korea to investigate secret nuclear experiments.
Fed watchers say benchmark rate to rise to 1.75 WASHINGTON (CBS.MW) -- The Federal Reserve will continue its baby-step approach to raising its overnight lending rate when the central bank #39;s policymakers meet next Tuesday, Fed watchers agree.
PeopleSoft, Oracle jury trial delayed SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW) -- The starting date of PeopleSoft #39;s billion dollar damages lawsuit against Oracle in a California state court has been pushed back to Jan. 10 from Nov. 1. Free!
Will Amazon #39;s A9 Search Engine Give Google Search Pains? Amazon.com has officially entered into the search engine market with the launch of A9.com, a search engine that Amazon claims will make organizing and managing search results easier.
Yahoo to buy Musicmatch Yahoo Inc. is buying online jukebox provider Musicmatch Inc. for \$160 million in a deal designed to broaden the Internet giant #39;s appeal with the growing audience of consumers who buy songs off the Web.
Griffith gives Monarchs shot at crown Yolanda Griffith picked the perfect time for her best game of the season. Griffith scored a season-high 23 points, helping the Sacramento Monarchs defeat the Houston Comets 68-48 Saturday 
No. 13 Tenn. Stuns No. 11 Florida 30-28 KNOXVILLE, Tenn. Sept. 19, 2004 - James Wilhoit missed the easy one to tie, then made the tough one to win it. Wilhoit kicked a 50-yard field goal with 6 seconds left after missing an extra point that would have tied the game to give No.
Sylvania 300: Gordon leads Chase pack As the 10-race Chase for the Nextel Cup begins with today #39;s Sylvania 300 at New Hampshire International Speedway, Jeff Gordon and Jimmie Johnson have got to like their chances.
Report: Blair Warned of Iraq Chaos in '02 (AP) AP - The government was accused Saturday of misleading the British public over plans for postwar Iraq after a newspaper reported that Prime Minister Tony Blair was warned a year before the invasion that postwar stability would be difficult.
No. 19 Fresno St. Beats Portland St. 27-17 (AP) AP - Wendell Mathis rushed for 123 yards and two touchdowns, and Bryson Sumlin added 127 yards in 19th-ranked Fresno State's 27-17 victory over Portland State on Saturday night.
Hopkins Is the First to Knock Out De La Hoya Bernard Hopkins crushed Oscar De La Hoya with a paralyzing left hook to his liver, sending him to the mat with 1 minute 38 seconds left in the ninth round.
From Zero to Hero After missing the game-tying extra point minutes earlier, Volunteers kicker James Wilhoit kicks a 50-yard field goal with 6 seconds left to give No. 13 Tennessee to a 30-28 win over No. 11 Florida.
Airline experts agree on one thing: change Going into 2004, experts were pointing to this as a turnaround year for the airline industry after three years of misery. No more.
A tax man laugheth at  #39;simplified #39; code As a tax guy, I found myself chuckling quietly when President Bush said in his speech at the Republican National Convention that he would  quot;lead a bipartisan effort to reform and simplify the 
Soldiers killed in border attack AN armed group killed six Venezuelan Army troops and an engineer in an ambush along the Colombian border, Defence Minister Jorge Garcia Carneiro said today.
Panama state of emergency after fatal mudslides Panama declared a state of emergency on Saturday, a day after torrential rains and mudslides killed at least 14 people and wrecked or damaged the homes of about 10,000 people.
DOT dismisses privacy complaint against Northwest The US Department of Transportation has dismissed a claim filed against Northwest Airlines that accused the carrier of violating its own privacy policy when it gave government officials passenger information related to the Sept.
UN to consider Sudan attacks as genocide The UN Security Council passed a resolution Saturday establishing an international inquiry to determine whether systematic attacks on black African villagers in Sudan constitute genocide.
IAEA Inspectors in S.Korea for 2nd Investigation (Reuters) Reuters - Inspectors from the U.N. nuclear watchdog\arrived in Seoul on Sunday to conduct a second inspection of\South Korea's nuclear experiments, a day after the South said\it had no plans to develop or possess nuclear weapons.
China Plenum to End, Military Boss Jiang May Retire  BEIJING (Reuters) - China's Communist Party is due to wrap  up a four-day meeting on Sunday at which military chief Jiang  Zemin is expected to give up his last post, completing a  historic leadership succession.
Enter your e-mail: Last week, Microsoft posted a notice about a new kind of vulnerability in Windows machines. The MS04-028 announcement states that merely opening a JPEG image (one that had been tinkered with by a hacker, of 
Wife of hostage held in Iraq pleads for release The wife of Jack Hensley, one of three Westerners kidnapped from their residence in Baghdad on Thursday, made a personal plea to the kidnappers to free her husband, saying he wanted to help the Iraqi people.
Arizona St. Upsets No. 16 Iowa 44-7 (AP) AP - Andrew Walter threw for 428 yards and five touchdowns to lead Arizona State to a surprisingly easy 44-7 victory over No. 16 Iowa on Saturday night.
Matthew Zemek / FOXSports.com Posted: 3 minutes ago How does one even begin to analyze the latest unforgettable installment of a rivalry that always seems to produce an indelible and searing memory?
Boise St. Broncos EL PASO, Texas (Ticker) -- Boise State got the sort of breaks that come with being a ranked team. The 23rd-ranked Broncos scored a pair of touchdowns on fumble recoveries in the end zone as they rallied for 
Blair to meet Allawi for talks at No 10 Prime Minister Tony Blair is due to hold talks with Iraqi Prime Minister Iyad Allawi at Downing Street. Their meeting comes after Mr Blair played down claims that he had been warned a year before the war to 
Bonds #39; place in history is sadly tainted He #39;s probably going to hit more home runs than anyone else who ever played, more than Henry Aaron, more than the Babe, more than Willie Mays, Frank Robinson and all the others.
NCAA Game Summary - Florida at Tennessee Knoxville, TN (Sports Network) - James Wilhoit atoned for a missed extra point by kicking a 50-yard field goal in the closing seconds to lift No.
NASCAR fans prepare for new homestretch Well, it may not be a typical playoff format, but NASCAR Nextel Cup #39;s 10-race championship chase officially begins today. The Sylvania 300 at New Hampshire International Speedway is the first 
Iran to End UN Nuke Checks if Reported to Council  TEHRAN (Reuters) - Iran will stop allowing U.N. snap checks  of nuclear sites if the atomic issue is sent to the Security  Council, its chief nuclear negotiator Hassan Rohani said on  Sunday.
Fantino #39;s retirement party planned TORONTO -- It #39;s hush-hush, but people in the know are penciling in Feb. 24 to say goodbye to Toronto police Chief Julian Fantino.
Markets Await the Fed #39;s Next Move Investors paid more attention to the weather than to Wall Street last week, and with good reason. Hurricane Ivan sent oil prices back to their highest levels in almost a month, grounded the planes of beleaguered 
Competition among telecom providers getting fierce Despite a recent court victory for the area #39;s largest telecommunications company, the battle for your home phone service isn #39;t about to end.
Bernard Hopkins Leaves Calling Card  Stops De La Hoya in Ninth Just four months shy of his 40th birthday, Hopkinswho appeared to be starting to wear De La Hoya down as the fight neared the championship roundsclosed the show with a lethal body shot in the 9th.
Local hero Tamada wins Japan GP Makoto Tamada has recorded his second win of the MotoGP season with victory in his home grand prix in Japan. Riding a Honda in the warm and dry conditions, 27-year-old Tamada covered 24 laps in 43 minutes 
Sparks Prevail Down the Stretch SEATTLE, Sept. 19 (Ticker) -- The top teams in the Western Conference didn #39;t look like they had nothing to play for. Nikki Teasley scored 21 points to lead all five starters scored in double figures as the 
Progress is cited in N. Ireland peace talks Three days of talks aimed at breaking a two-year deadlock in the Northern Ireland peace process ended yesterday without a deal, but with officials 
Chirac to push for international tax to fight poverty (AFP) AFP - French President Jacques Chirac will put forward ideas for an international tax scheme that would help build a 50-billion-dollar war chest to fight poverty during a 55-nation conference on economic development opening Monday in New York.
Iran Says U.N. Nuclear Ban 'Illegal' (AP) AP - Iran said Sunday that demands from the U.N. atomic watchdog agency that it freeze all work on uranium enrichment  #151; technology that can be used for nuclear weapons  #151; were "illegal."
Iran Says U.N. Nuclear Ban 'Illegal' TEHRAN, Iran - Iran said Sunday that demands from the U.N. atomic watchdog agency that it freeze all work on uranium enrichment - technology that can be used for nuclear weapons - were "illegal."   Hasan Rowhani, Iran's top nuclear negotiator, said at a news conference that his country would nonetheless continue with its voluntary suspension of what he described as "actual enrichment" - the injection of uranium gas into centrifuges...
Loyalty study lists IT's top household names A report indicates that many giants of the industry have been able to capture lasting feelings of customer loyalty.
Fidelity fee cuts all about strategy A lot of people got excited when Fidelity Investments announced recently that it was cutting fees on five index mutual funds. You heard talk about price wars with the Vanguard Group, of a new  quot;low-cost leader quot; in fund investing and more.
Comcast wins in Sony deal for MGM Comcast Corp. tried to break into the entertainment business as a star. But it #39;s looking as if its best role for now may be a cameo.
Los Alamos crackdown imperils US, lab physicist warns A Los Alamos National Laboratory physicist charged Friday that  quot;national security has suffered demonstrably quot; and the nuclear weapons lab #39;s reputation has been unjustly maligned because of director George  quot;Pete quot; Nanos #39; decision in July to suspend work at 
Bush Accused of Blocking Arctic Report NEW YORK, 19 September 2004 - With a successive series of hurricanes ravaging the Caribbean and the southeast United States, US lawmakers and environmentalists met this week to examine if these climate changes are due, in part, to greenhouse-gas 
Charitable champ takes it easy on De La Hoya Coming into this middleweight title bout, which turned out to be more mega-event than mega-fight, Oscar De La Hoya called Bernard Hopkins a bully.
After his disastrous first day, Mickelson takes a seat BLOOMFIELD TOWNSHIP, Mich.  You can say what you want about Hal Sutton and his pairing of Tiger Woods and Phil Mickelson on the opening day of the 35th Ryder Cup at Oakland Hills Country Club.
Bruins learn how to grind, thanks to their Cable guy On days like yesterday, gloomy, gray late afternoons by the lake, UCLA used to come out and play the part of the powder-blue preppies from Westwood.
NCAA Game Summary - Southern California at BYU The Cougars turned the ball over four times...The Trojans made their first ever visit to Provo...Bush posted his first career 100-yard rushing game.
Buckeyes #39; 5 FGs trip Wolfpack RALEIGH, NC  Compared to the kick he made last week, these field goals were easy for Mike Nugent. He certainly made them appear that way.
NFL #39;s stroke of genius can be fleeting It wasn #39;t long ago that Coach Chucky was the most powerful man in football, able to freeze Al Davis with the flash of a cobalt glare.
Iran rejects UN call on nukes Iran has rejected a resolution from the UN nuclear watchdog that it should freeze uranium enrichment and threatened to end snap checks of atomic facilities if its case were sent to the UN Security Council.
Can You Fear Me Now? (TechWeb) TechWeb - Multipurpose cell phones, data-storing pocket knives: Can you fear me now?
Aces square off in rubber game NEW YORK -- Now it falls to Pedro Martinez to help keep the Red Sox in the race for the division title. And where better for him to square off against a longtime rival, Mike Mussina , than the Big Apple?
Cardinals clinch title in Central The St. Louis Cardinals became the first major league team to clinch a playoff spot this season, winning the Central for the third time in five seasons.
Heaps happy with central role FOXBOROUGH -- Jay Heaps started 21 games before losing his position with the Revolution. But Heaps returned to central defense last night as the Revolution took a 6-1 victory over Colorado, their highest goal total in a Major League Soccer match.
Gophers are golden again FORT COLLINS, Colo. -- Marion Barber 3d ran for 201 yards and two touchdowns and running mate Laurence Maroney added 132 yards, lifting No. 22 Minnesota to a 34-16 victory over winless Colorado State last night. Bryan Cupito hit Matt Spaeth on a pair of TD passes and the Golden Gophers (3-0) scored on four of their first five drives, ...
Utah puts it away early LOGAN, Utah -- Alex Smith threw for one touchdown and ran for another, and Utah converted three Utah State turnovers into touchdowns to rout its rival, 48-6, last night.
Late strikes lift Memphis JONESBORO, Ark. -- Tim Goodwell forced a fumble and returned it 10 yards for a touchdown with 2:22 left and No. 25 Memphis scored 21 points in the final three minutes for a 47-35 comeback victory over Arkansas State yesterday.
Point taken AUBURN, Ala. -- The ball finally got to Courtney Taylor, the flag rescued John Vaughn, and No. 14 Auburn proved itself a Southeastern Conference contender.
Harvard wastes no time CAMBRIDGE -- Last year, it took Harvard nearly the entire game to beat Holy Cross, 43-23, as the Crusaders hung tough until the fourth quarter.
There's room at the top It was never about whether they deserved it. It was about how to get it done.
Gators get booted KNOXVILLE, Tenn. -- James Wilhoit kicked a 50-yard field goal with six seconds to go to lift No. 13 Tennessee to a wild 30-28 victory over 11th-ranked Florida last night.
Banks reimbursing ATM fees to compete with larger rivals Middlesex Savings Bank of Natick is taking a shot at the banking big leagues by offering its best customers a hefty dose of convenience to go with the customer service and good rates the mutual bank prides itself on.
Broncos run streak to 14 EL PASO, Texas -- Jared Zabransky threw for 392 yards and two touchdowns to lead No. 23 Boise State to a 47-31 victory over Texas-El Paso last night, extending the nation's longest winning streak to 14 games.
BC's game plan: Improve daily The Eagles are off to one of their best starts in five years, undefeated after their first three games for the first time since opening the 1999 campaign with a 4-0 record.
Firms target trial lawyers WASHINGTON -- The billionaire chairman of an insurance company describes members of the group as  quot;terrorists. quot; To the head of a national wholesalers group, they seem like  quot;predators. quot;
Breaks go Buckeyes' way RALEIGH, N.C. -- Ohio State made up for a shoddy day offensively by forcing five turnovers, and Mike Nugent tied a school record with five field goals to give the ninth-ranked Buckeyes a 22-14 victory over North Carolina State yesterday. The Buckeyes (3-0) managed only 137 yards of offense -- 35 coming on their first drive -- and converted only ...
Buyers, even browsers, mourn store's final sale LOWELL -- To shop at Birke's Department Store in its heyday was not for the faint of heart.
Trojans don't trip PROVO, Utah -- Matt Leinart passed for 236 yards and two touchdowns and Reggie Bush scored twice in his first 100-yard rushing game for top-ranked Southern California in the Trojans' 42-10 victory over Brigham Young last night.
Pontiac hits PR jackpot in 'Oprah' giveaway DETROIT -- ''The Oprah Winfrey Show quot; was the best advertising an estimated \$8 million could buy for the launch of the Pontiac G6 sedan.
Practical advice for start-ups, with a high-tech angle In ''The Art of the Start, quot; author Guy Kawasaki has accomplished something rare: He's written a how-to business book that is simultaneously smart, practical, and fun to read. There's lots of useful information in this book for start-up entrepreneurs.
QB Walter has hot hand TEMPE, Ariz. -- Andrew Walter threw for 428 yards and five touchdowns to lead Arizona State to a surprisingly easy 44-7 victory over No. 16 Iowa last night.
Stewart's image makeover may be a good thing NEW YORK -- After her sentencing on July 16, Martha Stewart angrily denounced the case against her as a ''circus event quot; and vowed, Terminator-style: ''I'll be back. quot;
Footnotes Tom Zbikowski returned a fumble 75 yards for a TD and had an interception that set up another score for Notre Dame (2-1), which forced six turnovers by Michigan State in a 31-24 road win.
For long term, consider bonds over cash Q. I am 50 years old, employed at a good job, and have about \$2 million of investments, of which \$1.1 million is in cash equivalents. I have two kids, one of whom has \$150,000 in a Uniform Transfers to Minors account; the other has \$15,000. I am completely lost in terms of what to do. I have always been ...
Nebraska holds on for victory Nebraska capitalized on four Pittsburgh turnovers and batted down a pass in the end zone on the game's final play yesterday to preserve a 24-17 win in the first meeting of the teams since 1958.
Big finish is just a start for duo BLOOMFIELD TOWNSHIP, Mich. -- It's not as though they're children or anything. David Howell is 29, a nine-year veteran of the European PGA Tour. Paul Casey is 27, a highly publicized collegiate star here in America who has earned more than \$1.6 million this year splitting his time between the American and European tours.
It's a first for Woods BLOOMFIELD TOWNSHIP, Mich. -- As for choosing a leadoff man, how did European captain Bernhard Langer come up with Paul Casey to go against Tiger Woods ?
Progress is cited in N. Ireland peace talks LONDON -- Three days of talks aimed at breaking a two-year deadlock in the Northern Ireland peace process ended yesterday without a deal, but with officials expressing confidence of progress on the key issue of disarming the Irish Republican Army.
A 9/11 legacy: confusion over a name Czechs find error in tracking Atta PRAGUE -- Add one more country to the list of those decrying intelligence failures before the Sept. 11 attacks.
Milosevic's Hague lawyer finds his biggest obstacle is the client THE HAGUE -- It's not easy being Slobodan Milosevic's lawyer. Appointed two weeks ago to defend the former Yugoslav president against war crimes charges, British attorney Steven Kay's practiced poise and calm legal demeanor has, at times, given way to sheer frustration.
In Michigan, criticism grows over Toronto's export of trash TORONTO -- Joe Racanelli slung a sagging plastic bag onto a heap of others on the back of his garbage truck and leaned on two levers to close a set of steel jaws.
Police said to stop explosives-laden car MOSCOW -- Police intercepted a car packed with explosives in central Moscow yesterday and said they had thwarted a terrorist attack, Russian media reported. A suspect told investigators he was being paid \$1,000 to take the car to a major thoroughfare used by President Vladimir Putin, news agencies and television said, quoting security forces. The suspect died from a heart ...
Prewar caution to Blair alleged LONDON -- Britain's foreign secretary and senior officials warned Prime Minister Tony Blair a year before invading Iraq that chaos could follow the toppling of Saddam Hussein, a newspaper reported yesterday.
India's Tamil stars get a political stage MADRAS, India -- It all started at one of those gatherings where villagers turn out by the thousands to ask film star Vijaykanth -- known as the John Wayne of Tamil cinema -- to name their babies.
Jeanne cuts deadly path in Caribbean, heads for Bahamas SANTO DOMINGO, Dominican Republic --Tropical Storm Jeanne headed for the Bahamas yesterday after an assault on the Dominican Republic that killed 10 people, destroyed hundreds of houses, and forced thousands from their homes.
Wonder Woman -- a Mideast version -- finds her niche CAIRO -- Jalila finally tracked down the terrorists who stole plutonium from the nuclear power plant where she worked. They had set up a camp right outside her native City of All Faiths and were clearly up to no good.
Creating Animated Screenshots on Linux \\This is a cool little feature I've been wanting for a while now.\\Every once in a while I'll develop some cool feature in some software that I'm\writing and want to show off a screenshot.  The only problem is that without\showing how it interacts with the user I can't demo the features raw power.\\An animated screenshot would solve this but no existing screenshot tools support\animated gif output.\\It turns out that 'convert' from ImageMagick supports. Ksnapshot can be used to\grab the screens and 'convert' can stitch them together.\\Heres what you do:\\- Startup ksnapshot and take a series of snaps from your application.  Each\  snapshot should be an independent frame in the series.\\- Save ...\\
Pontiac hits PR jackpot in  #39;Oprah #39; giveaway  #39; #39;The Oprah Winfrey Show quot; was the best advertising an estimated \$8 million could buy for the launch of the Pontiac G6 sedan.
Microsoft Offering Early Security Warnings Microsoft Corp. has quietly begun giving some of its largest customers early warning of security problems with its products. Under the free program, some customers get three business 
Lowe throws stinker, Yanks turn it around: Red Sox #39; momentum &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Terry Francona deployed three Gold Glove winners in his infield for the first time yesterday at Yankee Stadium in hope that their defensive expertise would aid the cause of sinkerball pitcher Derek Lowe stats, news.
Gordon the favorite for the Chase LOUDON, NH - As this newfangled stretch drive for the Nextel Cup championship ensues, Jeff Gordon has to be considered the favorite for a fifth title.
Ratings game Mike Nugent (below): Ohio State place-kicker makes five field goals as Buckeyes #39; three-yards-and-a-cloud-of-dust offense bores  #39;em and beats  #39;em.
Iran says ban on its uranium enrichment program  #39;illegal #39; Iran said Sunday that demands from the UN atomic watchdog agency that it freeze all work on uranium enrichment -echnology that can be used for nuclear weapons  -e  quot;illegal.
Pakistan detains 35 prisoners on their return from Guantanamo Bay ISLAMABAD - The government ordered 35 Pakistanis just freed from a US military prison at Guantanamo Bay in Cuba to be detained for three months in a high-security jail here, officials said on Sunday.
Storm splashes down in Beantown The clash of the remnants of Hurricane Ivan and a cold front coming down from Canada dumped 2 to 5 inches of rain over southern New England yesterday.
More US struggles put Europs on cusp: Americans need repeat of &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; President George W. Bush was a governor in 1999 when his reading of a William Travis letter from the besieged Alamo stirred the American Ryder Cup team into a frenzy 
UN adopts resulotion threatening oil industry sanctions on Sudan Chinese Ambassador to the United Nations Wang Guangya gestures during the UN Security Council vote at the United Nations in New York, Sept.
Militants threaten to decapitate trio Militants threatened to decapitate two Americans and a Briton being held hostage unless their demands were met within 48 hours. In northern Iraq a car bomb killed at least 21 people and wounded 67 yesterday.
Wife of US hostage makes somber plea for mercy (AFP) AFP - The wife of an American civilian kidnapped by militants in Iraq made a somber plea for mercy and the release of her husband and his two colleagues.
PGA-Europe Aims to Close Comfortable Ryder Victory  BLOOMFIELD HILLS, Michigan (Reuters) - Unless golf history  is made, Europe will comfortably retain the Ryder Cup on Sunday  against a U.S. team which has been in disarray for the first  two days.
FEMA: Storms Require Long-Term Recovery (AP) AP - The pounding of three major hurricanes in Florida during the past five weeks will require a long-term rebuilding effort comparable to the 1994 Los Angeles area earthquake, the nation's top emergency official said Saturday.
Monarchs squeak into playoffs Yolanda Griffith scored a season-high 23 points, helping the Monarchs defeat the Houston Comets, 68-48, last night in Sacramento, clinching the final playoff berth in the Western Conference.
Americans early risers, but get rude awakening BLOOMFIELD TOWNSHIP, Mich. -- Whatever magic they had found in the morning dew yesterday, they lost in the afternoon shadows at Oakland Hills Country Club. And so a heralded US Ryder Cup team finds itself in need of a miracle finish even grander than the one it scripted in 1999.
For shining moment, Kvapil has enough in tank LOUDON, N.H. -- The sun came out -- finally -- 100 laps into yesterday's Sylvania 200 Craftsman Truck Series at New Hampshire International Speedway. Trouble is, it was a bit after 6 p.m. and the sun also happened to be setting behind the main grandstand.
Fall guy NEW YORK -- How ugly was it? Ask one of the closest eyewitnesses to measure it on a scale of 1 to 10.
De La Hoya given the hook in ninth LAS VEGAS -- Joe Louis was once told that an opponent,  quot;Didn't like it to the body, quot; to which he replied,  quot;Who do? quot;
Win, lose Oscar is no gamble LAS VEGAS -- There is another reason 1992 Olympic champion Oscar De La Hoya is so appropriately called The Golden Boy.
Four more for Buddle Edson Buddle scored a career-best and team-record four goals, and the host Columbus Crew beat the MetroStars, 4-2, last night, securing a playoff spot and extending their unbeaten streak to 13 games.
Thrill of chase a season-long ride for Martin Let's get one thing straight about Mark Martin: The 45-year-old NASCAR driver is no dark horse in the Chase for the Nextel Cup.  quot;You guys can call him a dark horse, but I don't, quot; said Jeff Gordon, who will be a 5-point leader over Hendrick Motorsports teammate Jimmie Johnson when NASCAR's inaugural 10-race playoff format is unveiled today in the ...
Hitting back Why does Patriots safety Rodney Harrison, a thoughtful, good-natured person off the field, play football with enough ferocity and virulence to make you wonder whether he got a hold of Dr. Jekyll's formula? Blame the people in his life -- coaches, opponents, college recruiters -- who he felt needed convincing that he was not meant to fit their concept of ...
HOLMES WITHDRAWS FROM 800m Olympic champion Kelly Holmes will not contest the 800metres when the final day #39;s action at the World Athletics Final gets underway this afternoon.
Time to put up, shut up As incredible as it sounds, the Giants have hit must-win territory already. They have played one game, lost it badly, and have spent the ensuing week talking as much 
Mayfield gears to make move The odds are stacked against him, but Jeremy Mayfield will do all he can to win his first Nextel Cup title starting with today #39;s Sylvania 300 at New Hampshire International Speedway.
Vols #39; power set the stage Since debuting so successfully in the opener two weeks ago, true freshman quarterbacks Brent Schaeffer and Erik Ainge have been the talk of Tennessee football.
What it means Two weeks before the season opener against Brigham Young, sophomore Tom Zbikowski left Notre Dame for a couple of days, reportedly unhappy with his status as the No.
UN threatens sanctions to stop violence in Sudan The Security Council passed a resolution on Sudan on Saturday holding out the threat of sanctions on the country #39;s leaders and its oil industry if the government fails to curb ethnic violence.
Hu takes over China #39;s top military job from ageing Jiang BEIJING : Chinese President Hu Jintao was named Sunday to replace elderly leader Jiang Zemin as head of China #39;s powerful Central Military Commission, state press said.
Musharraf To Shed Off Military Uniform By Year End: US Washington, Sept. 19 (NNN): The United States strongly believes that Pakistan President General Pervez Musharraf will step down as countrys Army Chief by the end of 2004.
Zemin resigns as head of the China #39;s military commission China #39;s President Hu Jintao has succeeded Jiang Zemin as head of the powerful military commission, the government said Sunday, completing China #39;s first peaceful leadership transition since its 1949 revolution.
Symantec To Acquire stake stake focuses on digital-security consulting services and products to assess and manage risks in enterprise environments. The company #39;s SmartRisk services cover software applications, critical 
Iran says ban on its uranium enrichment program  quot;illegal quot; TEHRAN, Iran Iranian officials say it #39;s  quot;illegal quot; for the United Nations nuclear watchdog agency to make them freeze all of their uranium enrichment work.
Hopkins keeps title with 9th-round KO LAS VEGAS - The refrain was familiar. The chants have echoed throughout the years. But they were knocked out Saturday night. Hopkins (45-2-1, 32 KOs) dropped De La Hoya (37-4, 29 KOs) in the ninth round with 
Iran talks tough on nukes Tehran - Iran #39;s top nuclear official said on Sunday the Islamic republic would refuse to accept any limitations on its nuclear activities, and threatened to halt tough UN inspections if the case was referred to the Security Council.
Tribal Areas Scenario: Pakistan Tightens Noose around Militants By Zulf Khan Afridi with Hayyan Faisal at Pakistan Times Foreign Desk. SHAKAI (South Waziristan): Fierce clashes were going on in the Karvan Manza areas of South Waziristan between security forces and miscreants.
China's Jiang gives up top post Former Chinese President Jiang Zemin gives up his last official position as head of the military.
China's Jiang Turns Over Last Post to Hu BEIJING - Former president Jiang Zemin turned over his last major post as chairman of the commission that runs China's military to his successor Hu Jintao, the government said Sunday, completing the country's first peaceful leadership transition since its 1949 revolution.    Jiang, whose term was to have run until 2007, handed in his resignation during a meeting of the ruling Communist Party's Central Committee, the official Xinhua News Agency said in a brief dispatch...
Bush fights  #39;in the red #39; menace For Bush #39;s dad, it was  #39;the economy, stupid #39;: Bill Clinton swept into the White House 12 years ago on a wave of pessimism about the  #39;jobless recovery #39; from the early 1990s recession, confirming the received wisdom that what really matters on polling day 
Recipes for retirement You need to adjust your asset allocation as you get older. Why not just let a fund do it for you? NEW YORK (MONEY Magazine) - If you feel overwhelmed by the dozens of different investing options out there 
Hu becomes China military chief Jiang Zemin has given up the top job in China #39;s military, handing over the post to Communist Party chief Hu Jintao and completing a historic leadership transition to a younger generation.
Release of female prisoners demanded BAGHDAD, Iraq - Kidnappers threatened in a videotape yesterday to slit the throats of three civilians -wo Americans and a Briton  -ess authorities released female prisoners from two US-run prisons in Iraq.
Iraqi Airways flies again Iraqi Airways has resumed international service, flying from Amman to Baghdad in the national carrier #39;s first international flight in 14 years since being grounded by war and sanctions.
Serbs Vote for Councils and Belgrade Super-Mayor (Reuters) Reuters - Serbs went to the polls in local\elections on Sunday in the first test of voter opinion since\they chose pro-Western President Boris Tadic in June.
Fear keeps Darfur people in camps or town: British minister (AFP) AFP - A junior British minister said that people living in camps after fleeing their villages because of conflict in Sudan's Darfur region lived in fear of leaving their temporary homes despite a greater presence now of aid workers.
Serbs Vote for Councils and Belgrade Super-Mayor  BELGRADE (Reuters) - Serbs went to the polls in local  elections on Sunday in the first test of voter opinion since  they chose pro-Western President Boris Tadic in June.
Raiders' Curry Done for the Season  ALAMEDA, Calif. (Sports Network) - Oakland Raiders wide  receiver Ronald Curry suffered a torn left Achilles' tendon  during Sunday's loss to Kansas City and will miss the remainder  of the season.
Ivan chases Hurricane Hunters from their hangar on the Gulf Coast The Air Force Reserve #39;s Hurricane Hunters, those fearless crews who dive into the eyewalls of hurricanes to relay critical data on tropical systems, were chased from their base on the Mississippi Gulf Coast by Hurricane Ivan.
Yankees restore some order Jon Lieber stopped the hard-charging Boston Red Sox in what might turn out to be a key game in the American League East race. Lieber no-hit the Red Sox until David Ortiz #39;s two-out 
Howard still a nose in front Halfway through the election campaign and Mark Latham is now out-campaigning John Howard, with two of his major policies launched, but still no guarantee he will be in front on polling day.
Sharon is no De Gaulle Sharon is not Charles de Gaulle. He is as far away as ever from the conviction that Israel must recognize the national rights of the Palestinian people and withdraw from territories occupied in 1967, let alone 
Funeral held for anti-apartheid Afrikaner The funeral has taken place of Dr Beyers Naude, one of the leading anti-apartheid campaigners in South Africa, who died earlier this month aged 89.
Honolulu Residents Vote for Mayor (AP) AP - Duke Bainum outspent Mufi Hannemann in Honolulu's most expensive mayoral race, but apparently failed to garner enough votes in Saturday's primary to claim the office outright.
Mayors all revved up over fuel tax debate TORONTO -- The mayors of Canada #39;s biggest cities are telling Ottawa to step on the gas when it comes to delivering the fuel tax back to cities.
Is Petro-Can sale tied to Kyoto revival? A few days ago, under the cover of darkness, the Ottawa Liberals #39; shiny new Environment Minister Stephane Dion slipped into Alberta to make a speech.
More buyers choosing ingterest-only loans When Tony Cecchini decided to buy a house in South Fayette Township, Allegheny County, he selected an adjustable-rate mortgage with an interest-only payment for the first five years.
Micron rival to pay fine for price-fixing Micron Technologies says it still does not expect to pay any fines or face criminal charges after a European competitor agreed this past week to price fixing charges.
Hopkins KOs De La Hoya There was no dancing around by the challenger this time, no late rallies to steal rounds and -- most significant for the undisputed middleweight champion of the world -- no upset.
6 turnovers stymie MSU in 31-24 loss to Irish Michigan State looked like a bunch of shamrocks in their green jerseys, pants and helmets, but it couldn #39;t take the luck of the Irish away from Notre Dame Saturday night in Spartan Stadium.
UN Approves Oil Sanction on Sudan The United Nations (UN) Security Council passed a resolution yesterday (September 18) that proposes implementing oil sanctions on Sudan if the government fails to end the crisis in its Darfur region.
Another Real bad performance Barcelona, Spain (Sports Network) - Real Madrid coach Jose Antonio Camacho tried to shake things up with some major changes to his lineup.
The football gods were on our side #39; Jason Campbell was trying for one more miracle, one more chance in front of 87,451 fans yelling at the top of their lungs, then holding their breath.
Iran #39;s parliament refuses to approve tough nuclear inspections TEHRAN: Iran #39;s conservative-controlled parliament said it would not ratify a treaty allowing tougher UN nuclear inspections after the International Atomic Energy Agency passed a tough resolution against the Islamic republic.
Indonesians Get Ready for Final Round of First Direct Presidential &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Indonesians are preparing to go to the polls Monday in the final round of the country #39;s first-ever democratic presidential election.
Manmohan Trip: PM To Raise Issues Of UN Reforms, Terrorism New Delhi, Sept. 19 (NNN): Making a strong pitch for United Nations reforms and restructuring of the Security Council, Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on Sunday left for a nine-day trip to Britain and the United States.
Why Bush is teetering Although polls say otherwise, George W. Bush remains the underdog in this election. Both demographics and history suggest the president #39;s lead is perilous.
Mortgage marathon -- lower payments, more of  #39;em What medical advances have done for life expectancy, the mortgage industry is doing for borrowing -- making it last longer. In case a 30-year loan seems just too short, here comes the 40-year mortgage.
Serbs Vote for Councils and Belgrade Super-Mayor Serbs went to the polls in local elections on Sunday in the first test of voter opinion since they chose pro-Western President Boris Tadic in June.
Shiite Cleric's Militia Refuse to Disband (AP) AP - A new round of talks to cease hostilities in the Baghdad slum of Sadr City has ended in deadlock, with fighters loyal to radical Shiite cleric Muqtada al-Sadr refusing American demands to disband and turn in weapons, both sides said Sunday.
Linux backers are solid; United's hand out again (SiliconValley.com) SiliconValley.com - Maybe you were out of town last week, or maybe you just weren't paying attention. That's OK. Here's a quick rundown of what you missed, culled from reports by our staff and wire services.
Survey shows what pleases new-home buyers Price and consumer satisfaction are not necessarily fellow travelers, according to a survey of new-home buyers. But buyers of new homes in the greater Bay Area were for the most part satisfied with the people 
WINDOWS IN THE ENTERPRISE --- Search utility possible solution for &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; In June, I wrote a short series on Microsoft #39;s next major operating system release, codenamed Longhorn. I raved about the much-anticipated WinFS file system that was supposed to replace the existing file system with a more robust SQL-based version.
Government, Not Guns Is N.Ireland Sticking Point (Reuters) Reuters - Northern Ireland took\another small step in the slow march toward restoring home rule\this weekend with tacit promises from the IRA to end guerrilla\activity once and for all.
Earthquake Swarm Shakes Eastern Sierra (AP) AP - A swarm of earthquakes  #151; one a magnitude-5.5  #151; jolted a remote, sparsely populated area along the eastern Sierra Nevada on Saturday, authorities said.
Iran Rejects UN Call for Uranium Enrichment Freeze  TEHRAN (Reuters) - Iran rejected on Sunday a U.N.  resolution calling on it to freeze uranium enrichment  activities and threatened to stop snap checks of its atomic  facilities if its case were sent to the U.N. Security Council.
Loss of independence The flow of jobs overseas isn #39;t the only consequence of misnamed free trade agreements. The North American Free Trade Agreement has opened our nation #39;s borders wider than ever to illegal immigration, and the 
Five Lose Jobs Due to Los Alamos Lab Scandals The Los Alamos National Laboratory has forced out five employees involved in safety and security scandals at the nuclear facility that gave birth to the atomic bomb, officials said on Thursday.
Infineon to pay \$160 million in settlement of price-fixing case WASHINGTON Federal prosecutors have announced that they have cracked a global cartel that had illegally fixed prices of memory chips in personal computers and servers for three years, and that one of the companies involved, Infineon Technologies, had 
UN warns Sudan to stop violence The United Nations has warned the government in Sudan to end the violence happening in the African country. There has been loads of fighting in the western region of Darfur where more than a million people have fled their homes and thousands are dying.
DLS ties, remains winless De La Salle High #39;s football team is still winless, but at least the Spartans aren #39;t 0-3. De La Salle held a 7-0 lead until the fourth quarter but couldn #39;t keep it and had to settle 
Europe Aims to Close Comfortable Ryder Victory  BLOOMFIELD HILLS, Mich. (Reuters) - Unless golf history is  made, Europe will comfortably retain the Ryder Cup on Sunday  against a U.S. team which has been in disarray for the first  two days.
No. 2 Oklahoma Sooners Down Oregon Ducks  NORMAN, Okla. (Sports Network) - True freshman Adrian  Peterson rushed for 183 yards and two touchdowns as the No. 2  Oklahoma Sooners downed the Oregon Ducks, 31-7, at Memorial  Stadium.
U.S. Defiance Undermined by Lack of Conviction  BLOOMFIELD HILLS, Mich. (Reuters) - The words were there  but the conviction was missing as members of the U.S. team  vowed to produce another Ryder Cup miracle Saturday.
Sutton Goes for Broke in Final-Day Pairings  BLOOMFIELD HILLS, Mich. (Reuters) - U.S. captain Hal  Sutton, looking for a final-day miracle in the Ryder Cup,  predictably packed the upper order of his singles list with his  biggest guns for Sunday.
Blair confident of Iraq victory Tony Blair says Iraq is the "crucible in which the future of global terrorism will be determined".
Ryder Cup: Europe poised for victory Europe go into the singles needing three-and-a-half points to win the Ryder Cup.
This Boat Is Your Boat, This Boat Is My Boat, and the Hudson Is Beckoning The Woody, a modest gaff-rigged Hudson River ferry sloop, sets sail every weeknight from early spring to late fall, taking visitors for free on a two-hour sail along the Hudson.
Bush to Visit Hurricane-Stricken States PENSACOLA, Fla. - President Bush scheduled a visit Sunday to hurricane-stricken Florida and Alabama - the third such visit for Florida - as Hurricane Ivan victims faced another day of digging through the debris for their belongings and waiting hours in lines for food and water...
COL FB: Florida 28, Tennessee 30 The Tennessee Volunteers won 30-28 over the Florida Gators in a Southeastern Conference battle at Neyland Stadium, in Knoxville, Tenn.
China #39;s President Hu Replaces Jiang as Military Chief (Update3) China #39;s former President Jiang Zemin resigned as head of the country #39;s military, leaving President Hu Jintao as undisputed leader of the world #39;s most populous nation.
Hopkins-De La Hoya: Oscar Shows Up But Goes Down 19.09.04 - By Frank Gonzalez Jr: Preconceived notions dominated many a mindset leading up to the Hopkins vs. De La Hoya fight for the Middleweight Crown.
A TIE TO DIE FOR The main grandstands at the Salinas Sports Complex were overflowing with football fans, many wearing the red and gold of Palma High School.
Sparks survive Storm surge in regular-season finale In a possible Western Conference finals preview, Nikki Teasley scored 21 points to lead the Sparks past the Seattle Storm 83-80 in the regular-season finale Saturday night.
UN Security Council adopts watered-down Sudan resolution UNITED NATIONS -- The UN Security Council on Saturday adopted a resolution threatening to  quot;consider quot; sanctions against Sudan and establishing a UN commission of inquiry to investigate atrocities in Darfur, Sudan, and to determine whether Sudanese 
Pakistanis Freed from Guantanamo Land in Home Jail Thirty-five Pakistanis freed from the US Guantanamo Bay prison camp arrived home on Saturday and were taken straight to prison for further interrogation, the interior minister said.
Students Log On as Scientists Explore Deep Ocean Thousands of school children are logging on to the Internet to join scientists exploring a series of hydrothermal vents a mile under the sea to the west of Costa Rica.
Hamas chief Meshaal surfaces in Cairo (AFP) AFP - Khaled Meshaal, the political chief of the Palestinian Hamas movement who is at the head of Israel's most-wanted list, has surfaced in Egypt, Cairo airport sources revealed.
Micron #39;s legal woes, costs are escalating Micron Technology belongs to one of the most legally contentious industries in the world. The world #39;s third-largest maker of electronic memory faces more than 25 class-action 
Japan #39;s Tamada wins home GP Japan #39;s Makoto Tamada won his home Grand Prix on Sunday as world champion Valentino Rossi of Italy claimed second place to take his new Yamaha team closer to its first championship in 12 years.
England Cricket Player Steve Harmison Declines to Tour Zimbabwe England #39;s Steve Harmison, the No. 1 ranked bowler in Test cricket, won #39;t tour Zimbabwe in November, the England and Wales Cricket Board said in a statement.
Government not guns the Irish sticking point Northern Ireland has taken another small step in the slow march towards restoring home rule this weekend with tacit promises from the IRA to end militant activity once and for all.
Indonesia prepares for elections Indonesians go to the polls to choose their next president on Monday amid tight security following the Australian embassy bombing in Jakarta.
Sopranos tipped for Emmys Mobster drama The Sopranos is favourite to take home the most trophies ahead of the Emmy awards.
Pacers' O'Neal Returns Jermaine O'Neal practiced with Indiana on Monday for the first time since being suspended for fighting with Detroit fans during the Pacers-Pistons brawl on Nov. 19.
Chinese Ex-President Turns Over Last Post BEIJING - Former President Jiang Zemin turned over his last major post as chairman of the commission that runs China's military to his successor, Hu Jintao, the government said Sunday, completing the country's first peaceful leadership transition since its 1949 revolution.    Jiang, whose term was to have run until 2007, handed in his resignation during a meeting of the ruling Communist Party's Central Committee, the official Xinhua News Agency said...
Iran Denounces Nuclear Demands As Illegal TEHRAN, Iran - Iran on Sunday denounced as "illegal" demands from the U.N. atomic watchdog agency that it freeze all work on uranium enrichment - technology that can be used for nuclear weapons...
The art of safe storm-chasing A mid Wales man with a terrifying and risky hobby explains why he is fascinated by extreme weather.
China's former president Jiang turns over last post to Hu (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - BEIJING (AP) - Former president Jiang Zemin turned over his last major post as chairman of the commission that runs China's military to his successor Hu Jintao, the government said Sunday, completing the country's first peaceful leadership transition since its 1949 revolution.
China Bans Nike Ad China banned a Nike television commercial showing LeBron James battling a cartoon kung fu master, saying the ad insults national dignity.
Iran Rejects UN Call for Uranium Enrichment Freeze  TEHRAN (Reuters) - Iran rejected Sunday a U.N. resolution  calling on it to freeze uranium enrichment activities and  threatened to stop snap checks of its atomic facilities if its  case were sent to the U.N. Security Council.
Iraqi PM Says Sticking to January Election Plan (Reuters) Reuters - Iraqi Prime Minister Iyad Allawi\said Sunday national elections will go ahead in January as\planned despite a countrywide surge in violence against U.S.\forces and Iraqi troops and police.
Kyoto is Dead - Long Live Pragmatism There's    troubling news (FT subscription reqd, alternate copy here)  coming from Japan, where the Kyoto protocol on Greenhouse Emissions was born in 1997.  It seems that the Japanese aren't going to be able to meet their emissions targets specified in  the agreement in time.  Indeed, unless they buy a "large quantity" of emissions credits from other countries, they're not going to be able to meet their commitment at all.     Taishi Sugiyama, a climate expert at the Central Research Institute of Electric Power Industry in Japan, said emissions were rising 1 per cent a year due to a larger-than-expected impact from vehicles and households. That made it impossible to cut real domestic emissions by the required 16 per cent within a few years, he said.      Is this the last nail in the coffin for the Kyoto protocol?  And if so, which way do we go when it's buried?  Was GWB right to pull out, and where would John Kerry take us, in either case?  
Montgomerie #39;s win streak ends Colin Montgomerie saw several Ryder Cup runs come to an end Saturday morning. When he and partner Padraig Harrington fell behind Davis Love and 
Iraq to stick to election timetable: Iraqi PM Visiting Iraqi interim Prime Minister Iyad Allawi said Sunday his government was going to stickto the January election timetable despite the unstable situation in the country 
When will the Fed catch its breath? Tuesday #39;s meeting could hold clues to whether it #39;ll be a November or December pause in rate hikes. By Chris Isidore, CNN/Money senior writer.
United Needs \$500 Million More in Cuts nearly 8 percent of its 2003 operating expenses -- even if it terminates its pension plans, which the government estimates are underfunded by \$8.
US to support democracy WASHINGTON, Sept 18: The United States has said that it would reiterate its support for a  #39;fully functioning #39; democracy in Pakistan if the issue of President Pervez Musharraf keeping or giving 
Programs: Flaws Can't Hide Appeal of 'Spy Fiction' (Reuters) Reuters - "Spy Fiction" is a covert\operator's dream game. Not only does it let you become\virtually invisible to your enemies, but it also gives you the\power to quickly transform yourself into other characters.
IPOs Kick Into Gear with Busy Calendar  NEW YORK (Reuters) - It is back to business for U.S.  initial public offerings and time to see if the market for new  issues can pull out of its end-of-summer slump.
New Start-Up Breed: Born in the USA, Made in India  BANGALORE, India (Reuters) - Multinationals have trimmed  the fat for years by shifting low-value work to India. Now,  slim Silicon Valley start-ups are leading a new outsourcing  wave, moving cutting-edge product development to Bangalore and  beyond.
Prosecutors Take Case Police turned the findings from their investigation of the Pacers-Pistons brawl over to the Oakland County prosecutor on Monday, and charges are expected to be announced Wednesday.
Two Explosions Echo Across Baghdad (AP) AP - Two explosions echoed across the Iraqi capital Sunday. It was not immediately clear what caused the late afternoon blasts.
Egypt's ruling party set to confirm rise of Mubarak's son (AFP) AFP - Egypt's ruling National Democratic Party (NDP) is expected to confirm at its annual convention this week the rise of Gamal Mubarak as the political heir apparent of his father, President Hosni Mubarak.
Kuznetsova Wins Bali Title (AP) AP - U.S. Open champion Svetlana Kuznetsova won the Wismilak International on Sunday, defeating Germany's Marlene Weingartner 6-1, 6-4 to advance to No. 5 in the rankings. This was the Russian's second straight title and the fifth in her WTA Tour career. She also won on this resort island in 2002.
Opposition Predicted to Win in Indonesia (AP) AP - Indonesian voters hungry for change are expected on Monday to do something that was unthinkable during the country's three decades of authoritarian rule  #151; toss out an incumbent president and vote in a political newcomer who has promised to crack down on corruption and revive the battered economy.
Man Linked to Bush Memos Contacted Cleland AUSTIN, Texas - A retired Texas National Guard official mentioned as a possible source for disputed documents about President Bush's service in the Guard said he passed along information to a former senator working with John Kerry's campaign.    Also, a White House official said Saturday that Bush has reviewed disputed documents that purport to show he refused orders to take a physical examination in 1972 and did not recall having seen them previously...
Jaguar workers urged to fight closure Jaguar car factory workers will be urged to fight the closure of the plant with a campaign which includes the threat of strike action.
Questions, answers on oil prices Q: Why has the price of crude oil ranged from \$10 a barrel five years ago to almost \$50 this year? Surely the supply-and-demand equation hasn #39;t changed that much.
Bush to Visit Hurricane-Stricken States PENSACOLA, Florida _ In the wake of Hurricane Ivan #39;s destructive path, residents along the Gulf of Mexico coast in Alabama and Florida returned to their neighborhoods Saturday to find their roofs blown off, appliances missing and clothing littering in the 
Holmes to decide on double Kelly Holmes has still to confirm whether she will attempt to repeat her Olympic double at this weekend #39;s World Athletics Final after clearing the first hurdle with a victory in the 1500m yesterday.
Israeli Soldiers Kill Palestinian in Gaza Palestinian hospital officials say Israeli forces have killed a Palestinian man near the Karni crossing just inside the Gaza Strip.
Zimbabwe minister to face violence charges-paper Zimbabwe police have recommended that one of President Robert Mugabe #39;s ministers should face charges of political violence for leading attacks on rivals in the ruling party, a state-owned newspaper reported on Sunday.
Iraq Working for Release of Hostages BEIRUT, Lebanon - Three Lebanese men and their Iraqi driver have been kidnapped in Iraq, the Lebanese Foreign Ministry said Sunday, as Iraq's prime minister said his government was working for the release of two Americans and a Briton also being held hostage.    Gunmen snatched the three Lebanese, who worked for a travel agency with a branch in Baghdad, as they drove on the highway between the capital and Fallujah on Friday night, a ministry official said...
The technology of ups and downs It #39;s a place where ghouls are immortalised in paint. The queue is always long, even when the weather #39;s grim. The Ghost Train is Luna Park #39;s most popular ride.
Pakistan seamers shine as India dismissed for 200 Pakistan #39;s seamers produced a top class display of pace bowling to dismiss India for just 200 in the Champions Trophy Group C decider at Edgbaston on Sunday.
Blair calls for unity to fight terrorism British Prime Minister Tony Blair said Sunday the international community should join to together to fight terrorism in Iraq.  quot;Now is not the time for the international community 
Amid security fears, Karzai struggles to talk to Afghans KABULA day after Afghan President Hamid Karzai escaped a rocket attack on his helicopter, he slipped away from his US security guards and left the presidential 
Aussies to target Vaughan AUSTRALIA will aim a pre-emptive Ashes strike at misfiring England captain Michael Vaughan tomorrow when cricket #39;s oldest rivals meet in the Champions Trophy semi-final at Edgbaston.
Safin gains first title in two years Marat Safin won his first title in two years, beating Mikhail Youzhny 7-6 (4), 7-5 Sunday in an all-Russian final. Safin, a former US Open champion who has been struggling since an injury-plagued 2003, advanced to No.
Blair Tries to Counter Iraq Skeptics in Europe Prime Minister Tony Blair admonished the international community today not to waiver in its support for military victory in Iraq and the establishment of democracy there 
TD, Two Tries at Kick Send Auburn Past LSU (AP) AP - The ball finally got to Courtney Taylor, the flag rescued John Vaughn and No. 14 Auburn proved itself an SEC contender. Jason Campbell hit Taylor for a 16-yard touchdown pass with 1:14 to play, and Auburn got two chances to kick the winning extra point in a 10-9 victory over No. 5 LSU Saturday.
Safin Ends Two-Year Wait in Beijing  BEIJING (Reuters) - Russian Marat Safin won his first title  in almost two years with a gritty 7-6, 7-5 victory over  compatriot Mikhail Youzhny at the China Open on Sunday.
Irish  #39;D #39; delivers knockout Notre Dame certainly had its problems Saturday night against Michigan State at Spartan Stadium. The Spartans, facing an opportunistic Notre Dame defense, had more 
USC Fires Bibby Henry Bibby was suddenly fired as Southern California's basketball coach Monday, just four games into his ninth season.
How to keep oil flowing? Invest, invest, invest (AFP) AFP - The spike in oil prices in recent months is stoking heated arguments between market players, who blame each other for the lack of production capacities that has been exposed by strong global demand.
Fed, Corporate Forecasts to Set Tone  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Stocks should stay firm next week if  the Federal Reserve says the economy is recovering and if  corporations entering the heart of the so-called confession  season go slow on profit warnings.
Sudan Says Disappointed, Resentful of U.N. After Resolution  KHARTOUM, Sudan (Reuters) - Sudan said Sunday it was  disappointed with a U.N. resolution that threatens sanctions if  it does not stop violence in the western Darfur region, adding  it was resentful of the world body.
Mild Seven Renault F1 Team Preview, Chinese Grand Prix The Mild Seven Renault F1 Team preview of the Chinese Grand Prix.
EU Transport Commissioner Lauds Alitalia Restructuring Deal The European Union #39;s transport commissioner has praised the restructuring deal reached between Italy #39;s flagship air carrier, Alitalia, and unions representing cabin crews.
Shipping Costs Force Yukos to Suspend Some Oil Deliveries The troubled Russian oil company Yukos has suspended its oil deliveries to China #39;s National Petroleum Company, saying it cannot afford the shipping costs.
Let out a scream for best amusement parks! ARLINGTON, Texas -- The end of summer means the results are in for this year #39;s  #39; #39;Golden Ticket Awards, #39; #39; honoring the best rides and parks around the country.
Champ takes Oscar #39;s body and soul BOXING has long been starved of magic and stardust, at least since Lennox Lewis put an end to the myth of Mike Tyson two years ago.
Newcastle give Souness winning league start at Saints Newcastle United marked their first Premier League match under Graeme Souness with a 2-1 win at Southampton thanks to 20-metre winner from right back Stephen Carr on Sunday.
South Africa vs West Indies South Africa openers Herschelle Gibbs (right) and Graeme Smith gave the team a good start in the ICC Champions Trophy match against the West Indies at The Oval in London on Saturday.
WVU Gets First Win Over Terps For Coach Rod In one of the most exciting endings ever witnessed in Morgantown, the West Virginia Mountaineers were finally able to take out that pesky band of Terrapins from the University of Maryland, winning 19-13 in an overtime thriller at Milan Puskar Stadium.
China #39;s Jiang Zemin gives up military post BEIJING - China #39;s former president Jiang Zemin has retired as chairman of the powerful Central Military Commission, his last official post in government.
Megawati trailing people #39;s favourite ABOUT 140 million Indonesians are expected to vote today in the country #39;s first direct presidential election, with incumbent Megawati Sukarnoputri hoping for a late surge of support to cling to office.
Hopkins Knocks Out De La Hoya to Retain Title  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Bernard Hopkins defended his  undisputed world middleweight championship for the 19th time on  Saturday, knocking out Oscar De La Hoya in the ninth round of  their scheduled 12-round bout in Las Vegas.
Iraq Group Shows Tape of Beheading of Three Kurds  DUBAI (Reuters) - An Iraqi Islamist group said on Sunday it  killed three members of the Kurdistan Democratic Party (KDP),  which cooperates with the Iraqi government, and posted a video  tape on its Web site of the apparent beheadings.
Israel army kills Jihad militant Troops kill a militant in the Gaza Strip as it emerges the army has a new radar system that gives warning of Qassam rockets.
Musharraf to meet Singh at the UN The leaders of India and Pakistan head to the US this week for talks with each other and with President Bush.
QWERTY keyboard for mobiles The BlackBerry 7100 Series handsets are the first wireless devices to feature SureType with large,  quot;optimally placed quot; keys that allow one-handed or two-handed operation.
My Goal, Claims Shearer Alan Shearer tonight claimed Newcastles first goal in the 2-1 win over Southampton at St Marys even though it had been credited as a David Prutton own goal.
Out-of-towners crash AFL #39;s party FOR Victorians, AFL grand final week is traditionally party time. But this year it will be like partying with a bunch of strangers instead of with your lifelong friends.
Human Rights Reform Is Key to Turkey EU Membership The European Union will not open membership talks with Turkey unless the country passes a human-rights reform package, EU enlargement commissioner Guenter Verheugen said today, his strongest remarks on the issue so far.
Israel army kills Jihad militant The Israeli army has shot dead a member of militant group Islamic Jihad in the Gaza Strip near a border crossing with Israel, security sources say.
Hamas leader makes surprise trip to Egypt Hamas leader Khaled Mashaal, who #39;s kept a low profile since last month #39;s twin suicide bombing in southern Israel, made a surprise visit to Egypt on Sunday, holding talks 
Ex-Guardsman Contacted Kerry Campaign AUSTIN, Texas - A retired Texas National Guard official mentioned as a possible source for disputed documents about President Bush's service in the Guard said he passed along information to a former senator working with John Kerry's campaign.    Also, a White House official said Saturday that Bush has reviewed disputed documents that purport to show he refused orders to take a physical examination in 1972 and did not recall having seen them previously...
Iran Denounces U.N. Demands As 'Illegal' TEHRAN, Iran - Iran on Sunday denounced as "illegal" demands from the U.N. atomic watchdog agency that it freeze all work on uranium enrichment - technology that can be used for nuclear weapons...
3 Dead, 7 Hurt in Iraq Suicide Car Blast SAMARRA, Iraq - A suicide attacker detonated a car bomb Sunday near a joint U.S.-Iraqi checkpoint, killing three people and wounding seven, including four U.S. soldiers in the northern city of Samarra, the military said...
Infineon says funds are enough to cover price-fixing cases BERLIN Infineon Technologies said Thursday that it had set aside enough funds to settle additional antitrust probes and civil suits after agreeing to plead guilty in the US to fixing prices for memory chips.
Playing every game won #39;t save Schofield PORT ADELAIDE midfielder Jarrad Schofield is at risk of missing Saturday #39;s Grand Final against the Brisbane Lions - after playing in all of the Power #39;s 24 games this year.
Militants claim in Web statement to have beheaded three Kurdish &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; A videotape posted by on a Web site Saturday showed the beheading of three hostages said to be members of an Iraqi Kurdish party, slain for cooperating with American forces, according to their Islamic militant captors.
Michigan Escapes San Diego State, 24-21 (AP) AP - Braylon Edwards helped No. 17 Michigan avoid a second straight upset. Edwards caught eight passes for 130 yards and two touchdowns, including the game-winner in the third quarter of the Wolverines' 24-21 victory over San Diego State on Saturday. The Wolverines (2-1) bounced back after last week's loss at Notre Dame, but it wasn't easy.
No Certainty Harris Will Return to Pitt (AP) AP - Utah's Urban Meyer is leaving after the Fiesta Bowl, having already signed on to become Florida's coach. The question is whether Pitt coach Walt Harris might be going elsewhere, too.
Ebersols Released From Colorado Hospital NBC Sports executive Dick Ebersol and his son were released from the hospital on Monday, a week after an executive jet crash that killed three people, including Ebersol's youngest son.
Putin in push to extend his term RUSSIAN President Vladimir Putin is considering extending his term of office, due to expire in 2008, in a sign of his determination to tighten his grip on power and crack down on terrorism after the Beslan school massacre.
Website video purports to show beheadings of three Kurdish &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; A videotape posted by on a website showed the beheading of three hostages said to be members of an Iraqi Kurdish party, slain for co-operating with American forces in Iraq, according to their captors.
The Hardest-Working Woman in the TV Biz Does Heather Locklear ever age? Or get less-than-stellar ratings? Can the old formula still work in "LAX," her new NBC series?
Bush Surveys Hurricane Damage in Florida PENSACOLA, Fla. - President Bush on Sunday got a firsthand look at Hurricane Ivan's devastation during his third trip to Florida to assess the damage from this summer's fierce storms in the South...
Real told to dig for pride after a fall Real Madrid #39;s loss at Espanyol brought a numbing end to a miserable week whose only positive outcome has been the realisation that some soul-searching and a collective look in the mirror are overdue.
Bundesliga round-up A headed goal from Lucio in the 88th minute was followed by another from Makaay two minutes into extra time to leave a shocked Dortmund ruing a lost opportunity to beat their arch rivals from the south.
Cricket: Proteas blown away by strong Windies LONDON : West Indies captain Brian Lara praised his side #39;s composure and discipline after they had successfully chased 247 to beat South Africa here at The Oval and win a place in the ICC Champions Trophy semi-finals next week.
Vols find a Wilhoit to win The Volunteers sophomore kicker nailed a game winning 50-yard field goal with 13 seconds remaining to lift 13th-ranked UT over No.
Enhancing Party #39;s governance capability is of vital importance &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; To enhance the governance capability of the Communist Party of China (CPC) is vital to China #39;s socialist cause, the Chinese nation and the CPC itself, says the CPC Central 
Sharon will press ahead with disengagement plan Despite opposition from settlers and his own Likud party, Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon is determined to press ahead with his disengagement plan, says Daniel Ayalon, Israel #39;s ambassador to the United States.
US Stocks Rise, But Oil Surges Again Stocks rose on Friday after Ford Motor Co. raised its earnings forecasts, but wireless technology provider Qualcomm Inc. held back gains on the Nasdaq after saying an accounting review may reduce pretax income.
Soccer: Newcastle give Souness flying Premiership start SOUTHAMPTON : Newcastle United gave new manager Graeme Souness a winning Premiership start with a 2-1 win at Southampton. It was Newcastle #39;s third successive win but first in the league for Souness since taking over from Sir Bobby Robson.
Children targets in war zone NEW YORK: The brutalities of a Sudan-backed religious group have left northern Uganda in a shambles, uprooting 1.8 million people who have little faith in the Kampala Government to protect them, according to a UN official.
Sounding Off to Deep Space To explore deeper into our solar system, maximum efficiencies may one day be extracted from sound waves. Los Alamos scientists have engine plans drawn up for making a big bang to push a pistonless drive forward.
Woman's Crusade Prompts Car Safety Improvements Janette Fennell became an auto safety crusader on the terrible night nearly a decade ago when she and her husband were robbed at gunpoint and forced into the trunk of their car. The Fennells escaped unharmed, and the experience led them to form a group that lobbied successfully to get the government to require release levers in trunks.
Review: New Media Players Too Small The new breed of portable media players is finally here, but the devices are too small to comfortably watch movies on and too bulky to compete with my MP3 music player.
Oil producers have wafer-thin safety margin: experts VIENNA : Limited spare capacity means that the ability of oil producers to meet the sharpest rise in demand since the 1970s is likely to be severely tested, according to experts attending an OPEC-sponsored seminar in Vienna.
Iran rejects call to stop atomic research Iran has rejected a UN resolution calling on the country to freeze uranium enrichment activities. It has also threatened to stop snap checks of its atomic facilities if Iran #39;s case is referred to the UN Security Council.
Ugandan Army Kills 25 Rebels in Southern Sudan Uganda #39;s army says its troops and helicopter gunships have attacked a rebel camp in southern Sudan, killing 25 fighters. Army officials say seven members of the rebel Lord #39;s Resistance Army were captured in the operation Saturday.
Israel to step up quick response system to combat rocket attacks &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Israel intends to step up a quick reaction system to combat Palestinian rocket attacks at Israeli targets, Prime Minister Ariel Sharon told the cabinet Sunday.
Cricket: Pakistan edge out India Pakistan will meet West Indies in the Champions Trophy semi-final after a last-over victory over India at Edgbaston.
President's party 'wins Kazakh poll' Early results suggest the party of Kazakh President Nazarbayev will win victory in parliamentary elections.
Ivan's Flooding Forces New Evacuations WHEELING, W.Va. - Hundreds of people evacuated their homes Sunday in parts of Ohio, West Virginia and Pennsylvania as rivers and small streams were swollen beyond their banks by the torrential rain dumped by remnants of Hurricane Ivan...
Long-Running Shows to Take Final Emmys Bow LOS ANGELES - "Frasier,""Friends" and "Sex and the City" were taking a final Emmy Awards bow Sunday. HBO's "Sex and the City" was the leading comedy nominee at the 56th Annual Primetime Emmy Awards, with 11 bids including ones for best-comedy series and for star Sarah Jessica Parker...
RIM Incorporates QWERTY Keyboard In Small Mobile Devices It #39;s now possible to enjoy all the benefits of a full featured QWERTY keyboard in a small wireless device, thanks to Research In Motion #39;s (RIM) new patent-pending SureType keyboard.
OS Update for Windows XP Service Pack 2 (KB884020) On a computer that is running Microsoft Windows XP with Service Pack 2 (SP2), programs that connect to IP addresses that are in the loopback address range may not work as you expect.
Iran  #39;To Ignore Nuclear Freeze Demand #39; Lawmakers called on the government today to ignore demands from the UN nuclear watchdog agency that Iran freeze all uranium enrichment work.
Europe Needs Only 3 Points for Ryder Win (AP) AP - Faced with the largest final-day deficit of any U.S. Ryder Cup captain, Hal Sutton sent out his heavy hitters Sunday to try to turn the momentum of what so far has been a European rout.
Cricket: West Indies Defeats South Africa to Reach ICC Champions &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The West Indies has defeated South Africa by five wickets to reach the semifinals of the ICC Champions cricket Trophy in London. Ramnaresh Sarwan hit a well-paced 75 on Sunday to lead the West Indies.
Santini's men earn their Spurs after drawing with Chelsea (AFP) AFP - Chelsea failed to make any ground on Premiership leaders Arsenal after they were held 0-0 by Spurs at Stamford Bridge here.
Highlands Snaps 25-Game Losing Streak (AP) AP - It was known simply as "The Streak" in northern New Mexico, a 25-game skid that began in November 2001. And now it's finally over.
U.S. Leads in First Four Ryder Singles  BLOOMFIELD HILLS, Mich. (Reuters) - The United States,  needing a miracle comeback in the last-day singles to prevent a  runaway European victory at the 35th Ryder Cup, got off to a  strong start on Sunday.
Murphy Acquitted of Sexual Abuse Charges NBA Hall of Famer Calvin Murphy was acquitted Monday of charges he sexually abused five of his 10 daughters more than a decade ago.
Redskins Tied, 7-7 The Giants, capitalizing on a Washington turnover, have rallied to tie the Redskins, 7-7, in the second quarter at the blustery Meadowlands.
Hotel Workers in 3 Cities May Strike Sunday Hotel workers in Washington, DC, San Francisco and Los Angeles held out the threat of a strike on Sunday, but have told management they will resume contract talks, a DC union official said.
Italian Serie A match reports Champions Milan picked up their first win of the season but it was hard going against a determined Bologna whose inspired keeper Gianluca Pagliuca kept the visitors at bay until the 84th minute 
Pakistan edge out India Yousuf Youhana steered Pakistan to a last-over victory over India to clinch a Champions Trophy semi-final against the West Indies on Wednesday.
Militants behead three Iraqi Kurdish militiamen Militants beheaded three Iraqi Kurd militiamen, showing their deaths in a video posted on a Web site on Saturday and denouncing Kurdish political 
Ugandan army kills 25 rebels in southern Sudan Soldiers of the Uganda People #39;s Defense Forces (UPDF) have raided rebel Lord #39;s Resistance Army (LRA) leader Joseph Kony #39;s hideouts at Pakanyar in southern Sudan, killing 25 rebels and capturing seven others.
Britain says not to build more nuclear power stations in a decade British government said Sunday Britain would not increase its nuclear power capacity for at least 10 or 15 years, but would not rule out future expansion.
Germany Deports Organizer of Islamic Conference German authorities have deported the organizer of a controversial Islamic conference planned for next month in Berlin. The conference planner was deported to his home country of Lebanon Saturday, after his 
Serbia Elections Draw Millions of Voters (AP) AP - Serbia on Sunday held its first democratically organized local elections since Slobodan Milosevic's ouster in what was expected to be a close race between nationalists loyal to the former president and pro-Western reformists.
Report: Group Threatens to Kill 15 Iraqi Soldiers  DUBAI (Reuters) - A hitherto unknown Islamist group has  threatened to kill 15 captured Iraqi soldiers if authorities do  not release an aide to Shi'ite rebel cleric Moqtada al-Sadr  within 48 hours, Arab television Al Jazeera reported Sunday.
Who Was Abused? The kids of the abuse-hysteria generation have grown up. Many are living with the fact that they were part of a big lie. Some, like Ed Sampley, are now trying to make amends.
Oracle Eyes Content Management Prize Oracle will catapult itself into the ECM (enterprise content management) fold next quarter by introducing  quot;Tsunami, quot; its unstructured data management technology.
Analysis: Jiang Zemin #39;s departure His philosophy has underpinned China #39;s opaque and secretive political system and, for this reason, Jiang Zemin #39;s decision to stand down as army chief three years ahead of schedule marks the real handover of authority.
Bush Must OK Clinton Document Release Plan (AP) AP - Former President Clinton will have to ask President Bush for permission to release thousands of domestic-policy records from his two terms in the White House, officials at Clinton's presidential library said Friday.
Senate Foes Daschle, Thune Swaps Barbs in Debate (Reuters) Reuters - Senate Democratic leader Tom\Daschle, fighting for political survival, angrily rejected\Republic challenger John Thune's claim on Sunday that he had\emboldened the enemy in Iraq and undermined U.S. troop morale.
Call on Me hits number one spot Swedish DJ Eric Prydz goes straight to number one in the UK chart with dance track Call on Me.
Photojournalist Eddie Adams Dies at 71 NEW YORK - Eddie Adams, a photojournalist whose half-century of arresting work was defined by a single frame - a Pulitzer Prize-winning Associated Press photo of a communist guerrilla being executed in a Saigon street during the Vietnam War - died Sunday. He was 71...
Flooding Forces Evacuations in 3 States WHEELING, W.Va. - Hundreds of people evacuated their homes Sunday in parts of Ohio, West Virginia and Pennsylvania as rivers and small streams were swollen beyond their banks by the torrential rain dumped by remnants of Hurricane Ivan...
Enter your e-mail: PC World #39;s counterpart in Germany, PC Welt, published a short story today detailing how Windows XP computers running Service Pack 2 may be inadvertently sharing files on their hard drive with more people than they might like.
Microsoft trials piracy lock on Download Centre Microsoft is testing a new feature on its Download Centre website that can lock out pirated copies of Windows. During the test period, users of Download Centre can opt to have the Windows software installed on their PCs validated as genuine.
McAllister injures ankle for Saints New Orleans, LA (Sports Network) - New Orleans running back Deuce McAllister left Sunday #39;s game against San Francisco with an ankle injury.
Iraq  #39;Peace Talks #39; Swap Weapons for Pullback Iraqi authorities are holding talks with tribal leaders in the western Anbar province and Baghdads tense Sadr city in hopes that militias will hand over their weapons in exchange for a pullback of US troops, Iraqs vice president said.
World Trade Center Leaseholder Gets Boost From Federal Jury A jury has decided that the destruction of the World Trade Center was two events, meaning leaseholder Larry Silverstein can collect twice from insurance companies.
Perez scores second successive win Spaniard Santiago Perez recorded a second consecutive stage win, which propelled him into third place overall in the Tour of Spain.
Iraqi Foreign Minister: We Will Not Give in to Kidnappers #39; Demands Iraq #39;s foreign minister says his country is doing what it can to secure the release of two Americans and a British national taken hostage in Baghdad Thursday, but will not give in to kidnappers #39; demands.
Beckett says no more nuclear power needed yet The government says it has no need to increase its nuclear power capacity for at least 10 or 15 years but future expansion of nuclear power cannot be ruled out altogether.
Musharraf to meet Singh at the UN The leaders of India and Pakistan are heading to the US this week for their first face-to-face meeting. They will meet on the sidelines of the United Nations General Assembly.
Inzy proves hard to please Captain Inzamam-ul-Haq said Pakistan still had room for improvement after knocking India out of the Champions Trophy at Edgbaston.
Fed Seen Sticking to Measured Rate Raises (Reuters) Reuters - The U.S. Federal Reserve will take\another small step this week toward raising interest rates to\more normal levels, but may be getting rates up to a point that\allows for a pause in increasing them, analysts say.
McNabb, Culpepper to Square Off Monday (AP) AP - Both quarterbacks have strong arms, quick feet and plenty of wins on their resumes. One other thing Donovan McNabb and Daunte Culpepper have in common: They're the only two of the five heralded quarterbacks selected in the first round of the 1999 draft still in the NFL.
US Hostage Wife Pleads for Mercy (BBC) -- The wife of an American taken hostage with two others in Baghdad has appealed on television for their release. Patty Hensley said her husband Jack was  quot;a simple, generous man quot; who was  quot;there to help the Iraqi people quot;.
Former general tipped to win Indonesian vote JAKARTA - Security forces remain on high alert as Indonesians head to the polls in an election that could see the opposition leader become president.
Steelers' Maddox Out With Elbow Injury (AP) AP - Pittsburgh Steelers quarterback Tommy Maddox left Sunday's game against the Baltimore Ravens in the third quarter with an elbow injury.
Europe Rally After U.S. Take Early Charge  BLOOMFIELD HILLS (Reuters) - Holders Europe began to peg  back a fast start by the United States as the 35th Ryder Cup  approached its climax in the last-day singles on Sunday.
Daschle, Thune Debate Campaign Tactics (AP) AP - Senate Minority Leader Tom Daschle and former Rep. John Thune sparred over political ads and the increasingly negative tone of South Dakota's Senate race Sunday during a nationally televised debate.
Bush Lifts Libya Sanctions to Trigger Aid (AP) AP - President Bush has decided to lift sanctions against Libya, which he expects to trigger release of more than  #36;1 billion to families of Pan Am 103 victims, a senior administration official said Sunday.
Senators Urge Bush to Change Iraq Stance (AP) AP - Senators from both parties urged the Bush administration on Sunday to face the reality of the situation in Iraq and change its occupation policies.
Top Hamas Militant Killed in Israeli Missile Strike  GAZA (Reuters) - A senior leader of Hamas's military wing  was killed in an Israeli missile strike on his car in the Gaza  Strip, Palestinian witnesses said.
Iraq PM Adamant Jan. Election Will Be Held  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Iraqi Prime Minister Iyad Allawi said  Sunday elections would be held on schedule in January despite a  surge in violence and more than a score of hostages under  threat of death from insurgents.
How Would They End the War? President Bush and John Kerry have said little more than that each will end the war the right way and his opponent will not.
Report: Spears Marries Dancer in Calif. LOS ANGELES - Pop singer Britney Spears married her fiance, dancer Kevin Federline, in a surprise ceremony, it was reported Sunday.    The wedding was held Saturday evening at a private home in the Studio City area with 20 to 30 people attending, "Entertainment Tonight" said on its Web site...
Kerry Links Iraq War Cost, Domestic Woes WASHINGTON - Democrat John Kerry links the cost of the Iraq war to problems at home and vows in a new television ad to both "defend America and fight for the middle class."  "200 billion dollars. That's what we are spending in Iraq because George Bush chose to go it alone," Kerry says in the ad, to start airing Monday in 13 competitive states where he is on the air...
Militants Behead 3 Kurd Hostages in Iraq BAGHDAD, Iraq - Militants beheaded three hostages said to be Iraqi Kurd militiamen, showing their deaths in a video posted on a Web site Sunday and denouncing Kurdish political parties for cooperating with Americans in Iraq.    In a separate incident, a group claimed to have kidnapped 25 members of the Iraqi National Guard, and a report on the Arabic station Al-Jazeera said the soldiers were threatened with death unless a detained Shiite leader is freed within 48 hours...
Europeans Try to Nail Down Ryder Cup Win BLOOMFIELD TOWNSHIP, Mich. - For the first time in three days at the Ryder Cup, there was plenty of red on the scoreboard - as in American red, white and blue...
Iraqi PM Says Sticking to January Election Plan Iraqi Prime Minister Iyad Allawi said on Sunday elections would be held on schedule in January despite a surge in violence and more than a score of hostages under threat of death from insurgents.
Vegas serves up boxing treat If Bernard Hopkins v Oscar de la Hoya did not quite live up to its ludicrously lofty billing, it was through no fault of the fighters.
Cycling: Perez wins consecutive stages after two-year drought GRENADA, Spain : Spain #39;s Santiago Perez, of the Phonak team, won his second consecutive stage on the Tour of Spain here following a two-year victory drought after the death of his fiancee.
Fed Decision Unlikely to Spur Rally Wall Street opinion is split on whether the Federal Reserve will raise interest rates at its meeting Tuesday, with conventional wisdom siding with a rate hike.
2 telltale signs that show it #39;s time to dump a stock The last time I looked, shares of discount retailer 99 Cents Only were trading at \$14 or so, down around 60 percent from their summer 2003 mid- \$30 trading range.
Three Kurds Beheaded in Iraq A videotape posted on a Web site shows the beheading of three hostages who are said to be members of a Kurdish party in northern Iraq.
Video Appeal for Release of Italian Hostages (Reuters) Reuters - Piecing together old video footage, an\Italian aid group released emotive images to Arab television on\Sunday of its two female Italian charity workers and two Iraqi\colleagues kidnapped in Baghdad.
Bonds Gets Day Off in Finale Vs. Padres (AP) AP - Barry Bonds rested Sunday, staying out of the starting lineup in the San Francisco Giants' series finale against the San Diego Padres.
US rate rise and dim growth outlook to hit confidence AMERICAN consumers will be hit by another quarter-point rise in interest rates on Tuesday, threatening to dent their confidence only six weeks before the presidential elections.
Hotel workers on the verge of striking Hotel workers at 14 DC hotels are preparing to strike after talks over a new contract broke down last night. Union officials said hotel management walked out of contract 
Boeing may join Microsoft in EU antitrust fight The European Commission, the antitrust arm of the European Union, has ordered Microsoft to offer a version of Windows without a bundled media player and to disclose more technical information to its rivals on a temporary, or interim, basis until the 
JUVE GO TOP OF THE PILE Juventus moved to the top of Serie A on Sunday while bitter rivals Roma saw their dismal week climax with defeat at Messina. Juve were too strong for Atalanta at the Delle Alpi - Fabio Capello #39;s men winning 
Sudan warns West Cairo - The speaker of the Sudanese parliament on Sunday warned the West against intervening in his country, saying it would open the  quot;gates of hell quot;.
Iraqis urged to help free Briton BRITAIN has made a televised appeal on an Arab satellite channel for Iraqis to help rescue British hostage Kenneth Bigley, who is being held under threat of death with two US kidnap victims.
Iraqi group claims murder of Kurdistan representatives An Iraqi Islamic group says it has killed three members of the Kurdistan Democratic Party which cooperates with the Iraqi Government.
Vols See Tough Road After Florida Stunner (AP) AP - Here's a way to spoil the celebration for No. 11 Tennessee after beating Florida: check out the Volunteers' remaining schedule and recent history.
Hamas militant dies in Gaza blast A member of Palestinian militant group Hamas is killed in an Israeli air strike on his car in Gaza, witnesses say.
Deion Sanders Leaves Game With Injury Ravens defensive back Deion Sanders strained a hamstring muscle in the second quarter of Baltimore's game against Pittsburgh on Sunday.
Marlins Top Braves, Keep Hopes Alive Ismael Valdez pitched six solid innings, Jeff Conine drove in all three runs and the Florida Marlins averted a series sweep by beating the Atlanta Braves 3-0 on Sunday.
Financial markets key in on Federal Reserve interest-rate decision TORONTO (CP) - The next meeting of the US Federal Reserve will dominate markets early in the week as investors look for clues about economic strength and the pace of interest rate hikes.
Reebok star rises in south: Shoemaker targets Hispanic markets Reebok International Ltd. is turning its attention to the growing US Hispanic population, starting with an ad campaign promoting Reebok #39;s ties to the wildly popular Chivas soccer club in Mexico.
Breakthrough Keyboard Technology for Smaller Handsets SureType effectively converges a phone keypad and a QWERTY keyboard to fit elegantly within the size constraints of a traditional mobile phone form factor.
Dangerous Days on the World Wild Web Netizens often like to compare the settlement of the Internet with that of the American West. The explorers charted new territory, observes product developer Chad Harrington of Zone Labs, a San Francisco-based 
Camacho ready to quit as Real coach - reports Real Madrid coach Jose Antonio Camacho offered his resignation to club president Florentino Perez on Sunday, Spanish state radio reported.
Press Scan ANKARA - These are some of the major headlines and their summaries in Turkish press on September 19th, 2004. The Anadolu Agency does not verify these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
Saudi jails  #39;seditious #39; academic A court in Saudi Arabia has sentenced a university professor to five years in jail for sowing dissent and sedition. Hard-line Islamist academic Said bin Zair was arrested in April on charges of condoning suicide 
More tough SEC games loom after Florida-Tennessee Here #39;s a way to spoil the celebration for No. 11 Tennessee after beating Florida: check out the Volunteers #39; remaining schedule and recent history.
Renault's 5,000-euro car to go on sale in western Europe for 7,500 euros (AFP) AFP - French car maker Renault said that its budget 5,000-euro (6,000-dollar) Logan, currently aimed at developing markets, would soon go on sale in western Europe, but at 7,500 euros.
Iran: U.N. Uranium Program Ban 'Illegal' (AP) AP - Iran on Sunday denounced as "illegal" demands from the U.N. atomic watchdog agency that it freeze all work on uranium enrichment  #151; a technology that can be used for nuclear weapons  #151; and threatened to limit cooperation with the agency if it moves toward sanctions.
Blue Jays Defeat Devil Rays 9-7 (AP) AP - Vernon Wells homered in Toronto's five-run third inning and the Blue Jays beat the Tampa Devil Rays 9-7 on Sunday.
14 People Hurt in Bomb Blast at Turkish Concert  ISTANBUL (Reuters) - A bomb placed under a police car  exploded on Sunday, wounding 14 people at a concert venue in  southern Turkey, state-run Anatolian news agency reported.
Yanks Rout BoSox 11-1, Extending AL Lead NEW YORK - Gary Sheffield and the New York Yankees battered Pedro Martinez, opening some breathing room in the AL East. Sheffield, Derek Jeter and Jorge Posada homered off an ineffective Martinez, and Mike Mussina gave the Yankees another excellent outing Sunday in New York's 11-1 rout of the Boston Red Sox...
Manning Leads Colts Past Titans, 31-17 (AP) AP - Chalk up the first game between the NFL's defending co-MVP quarterbacks to Peyton Manning. Manning threw for 254 yards and two touchdowns, and Nick Harper intercepted Steve McNair's pass in the end zone in helping Indianapolis rally for a 31-17 victory over Tennessee on Sunday.
Ravens Roll Over Rival Steelers 30-13 (AP) AP - The Baltimore Ravens ran over the hated Pittsburgh Steelers in a performance that belatedly justified their stature as the team to beat in the AFC North. Jamal Lewis rushed for 62 yards and two touchdowns and Chester Taylor added a career-high 76 yards on the ground to lead Baltimore to a 30-13 victory Sunday.
Report: 18 Dead, 22 Hurt in Iran Accident (AP) AP - A truck slammed into three vehicles Sunday in southern Iran, killing at least 18 people and injuring 22, state-run television reported.
Green Bay Packers GREEN BAY, Wisconsin (Ticker) -- The Chicago Bears took advantage of the Green Bay Packers  #39; miscues to give coach Lovie Smith his first win.
Stewart #39;s title hopes take serious hit It took Tony Stewart seven months to secure a spot in the Nextel Cup Championship Chase. It took Robby Gordon only 64 laps -- barely 45 minutes of racing -- to put Stewart #39;s Cup title hopes on the ropes.
NFL Game Summary - Indianapolis at Tennessee Nashville, TN (Sports Network) - Edgerrin James ran for 124 yards and scored a pair of fourth-quarter touchdowns to lift the Indianapolis Colts to a 31-17 victory over the Tennessee Titans at The Coliseum.
Johan Santana, Twins Defeat Orioles 5-1 (AP) AP - Johan Santana won his 11th straight start with another dominant performance, striking out a career high 14 over eight shutout innings for the Minnesota Twins in a 5-1 victory over the Baltimore Orioles on Sunday.
We won #39;t Give into Kidnappers #39; Demands, Vows Iraq Iraq today ruled out concessions to kidnappers threatening to murder British hostage Kenneth Bigley and two American colleagues within 24 hours.
2 Hamas militants killed in car explosion in Gaza At least two Palestinian militants, members of Hamas armed wing Izel Dein al Qassam, were killed in a car explosion in Gaza City neighborhoods Sunday evening, Palestinian medicos, security sources and witnesses reported.
Bush says truth must come out regarding military documents (AFP) AFP - President George W. Bush has for the first time raised questions about documents used to bolster a report that he received preferential treatment during his Vietnam era military service.
Monty Seals Cup Triumph for Europe  BLOOMFIELD HILLS, Mich., (Reuters) - Europe retained the  Ryder Cup when wildcard selection Colin Montgomerie beat David  Toms of the United States by a hole in the last-day singles at  Oakland Hills Country Club on Sunday.
Yankees Extend A.L. East Lead Gary Sheffield, Derek Jeter and Jorge Posada homered off an ineffective Pedro Martinez, and Mike Mussina gave the Yankees another excellent outing on Sunday.
Oil, gas rigs put through the  #39;ultimate #39; test in Gulf Hurricane Ivan tested oil and gas platforms in the Gulf of Mexico to their limits and beyond this week as damage reports continued to grow Friday.
Microsoft To Pay \$113M to Calif. Lawyers Sep. 17, 2004. A judge is ordering the Microsoft to pay \$112.5 million to attorneys who successfully sued the software maker for monopolizing a segment of California #39;s market.
CAMACHO OFFERS RESIGNATION - REPORTS Real Madrid coach Jose Antonio Camacho has offered to resign, according to reports in Spain. Several sources, including radio station Cadena Ser and Madrid-based newspaper Marca, believe Camacho contacted 
Chelsea settles for draw while Everton continues to win London, England (Sports Network) - Not much was expected from Everton this season, especially after the departure of star striker Wayne Rooney to Manchester United.
Panthers 28, Chiefs 17 DeShaun Foster did not just sub for the injured Stephen Davis, he came within 4 yards of erasing Davis #39; team record for yards rushing in a game.
SI.com MINNEAPOLIS (Ticker) -- Johan Santana turned in arguably the most dominating performance of his career, helping the Minnesota Twins creep closer to another American League Central Division title.
Delgado, Wells power Jays over Tampa CBC SPORTS ONLINE - Carlos Delgado and Vernon Wells provided the Toronto Blue Jays with a lethal 1-2 punch Sunday at SkyDome. Carlos Delgado had three hits and Vernon Wells hit a home run, as the Jays beat 
How to keep oil flowing? Invest VIENNA: The spike in oil prices is stoking heated arguments between market players, who blame each other for lack of output capacities that has been exposed by strong global demand.
Peyton, James compose winning tempo NASHVILLE -- The Indianapolis Colts offense got in tune behind Peyton Manning and Edgerrin James in the second half today to beat the Tennessee Titans 31-17.
AOL Signs Off From Sender ID America Online has decided not to fully support Microsoft #39;s Sender ID spam-fighting plan after the Internet Engineering Task Force and the open-source community expressed intellectual property concerns.
Saints Rally to Beat 49ers, 30-27 (AP) AP - The New Orleans Saints survived it all: Hurricane Ivan, the loss of Deuce McAllister, and the San Francisco 49ers.
Classic guerrilla war forming in Iraq Recent upsurge in attacks has parallels, and differences, with past insurgencies.
Workers Aid Florida Hurricane Victims PENSACOLA, Fla. - Across Florida, hundreds of relief workers fanned out Sunday to help still-numb families...
Candidates Play on Fears of Attacks, Wars WASHINGTON - Playing on the fear factor, Vice President Dick Cheney suggested in a campaign speech there might be another terrorist attack on the United States if John Kerry were in the White House. President Bush's opponents' are raising their own worst fears, including the potential for more wars during a second Bush term...
Mello ousts Spadea to win title in Delray Beach Delray Beach, FL (Sports Network) - Brazilian Ricardo Mello upset top-seeded American Vince Spadea in straight sets on Sunday to win the title at the \$380,000 International Tennis Championships.
NFL Game Summary - Carolina at Kansas City Foster was only four yards short of tying Davis #39; team record of 178 rushing yards in one game. Davis accomplished that feat on October 26, 2003.
New Orleans Saints Aaron Brooks threw a 16-yard touchdown pass to Donte #39; Stallworth with 61 seconds remaining as the New Orleans Saints escaped with a 30-27 victory over the San Francisco 49ers.
New York Giants EAST RUTHERFORD, New Jersey (Ticker) -- Joe Gibbs experienced his share of losses at Giants Stadium over the years, but none were quite as sloppy as this.
Optimism in London, carnage in Iraq The second Iraq war, between coalition forces and insurgents, is now under way in what has become the  quot;crucible quot; of the global war on terrorism, Tony Blair declared yesterday 
Also from this section News reports on Iraq paint a picture of a country trapped in a cycle of violence and destruction. The sceptics and nay-sayers don #39;t believe Iraqis are ready for democracy.
NFL Game Summary - Denver At Jacksonville Jacksonville, FL -- Byron Leftwich completed just 8-of-16 passes for 120 yards, but threw a 12-yard touchdown pass to Ernest Wilford as Jacksonville hung on to beat Denver, 7-6, in a low-scoring affair at Alltel Stadium.
China #39;s Hu takes Army reins Sunday #39;s departure of Jiang Zemin as head of China #39;s military was a surprise, though rumors of a power struggle with 
Annan #39;s remarks on Iraqi war draw different reactions among Iraqis UN Secretary-general Kofi Annan #39;s declaration saying the Iraq war was  quot;illegal quot; sparked different reactions from the Iraqis.
NFL Wrap: Manning Wins MVP Battle as Colts Beat Titans (Reuters) Reuters - Peyton Manning threw for 254 yards and\two touchdowns to win his showdown with fellow co-MVP Steve\McNair as the Indianapolis Colts beat the Tennessee Titans\31-17 at Nashville on Sunday.
Monty Seals Cup Triumph for Europe (Reuters) Reuters - Europe retained the\Ryder Cup in record-breaking style on Sunday after dominating\the last-day singles matches against the United States for an\18 1/2 to 9 1/2 winning scoreline.
Juventus Stays Perfect, Real Madrid Loses (AP) AP - Juventus remained perfect in Italy's Serie A on Sunday, while Real Madrid suffered its first setback in Spain and lost its coach. Arsenal lost its 100 percent record in England but still stretched its unbeaten streak to 46 matches.
LSU Tumbles, Auburn Rises in AP Poll (AP) AP - LSU fell out of the top 10 Sunday while Auburn moved in, the result of a one-point game decided by a second-chance extra point.
NFL Wrap: Manning Wins MVP Battle as Colts Beat Titans  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Peyton Manning threw for 254 yards and  two touchdowns to win his showdown with fellow co-MVP Steve  McNair as the Indianapolis Colts beat the Tennessee Titans  31-17 at Nashville on Sunday.
Hostages Face Death in Iraq  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Several insurgent groups set deadlines  for killing more than a score of hostages in Iraq -- from a  trio of American and British workers to an entire squad of 18  Iraqi soldiers -- unless their various demands are met.
Yukos raises oil reserve estimate MOSCOW Yukos has substantially increased the reserve estimates for its biggest subsidiary, one currently being appraised for sale by the government.
LA hotel locks out laundry union, strike feared A major Los Angeles hotel locked out laundry workers Thursday in a move the general manager said could lead to a strike by union employees that, in turn, threatens to spur action in two other major US cities.
On Advertising: Grey sale marks end of an era LONDON Edward Meyer, the 77-year-old chairman of Grey Global Group, was philosophical last week when asked why he had decided to sell the company to WPP Group, one of the sprawling, publicly traded holding companies that increasingly dominate the 
China says investment boom crackdown is working Chinese entertainers at the Three Gorges Tourist Festival, near the world #39;s largest hydro project. Vice-Permier Huang Ju says lending curbs are slowing China #39;s investment boom.
Open Source Software Goes to Work PC World: Businesses don #39;t have to dump Windows to test drive free or low-price applications whose use may improve the bottom line.
Rallying: Sparkling Solberg win means title wait for Loeb It may not be enough to tilt the championship this time, but Petter Solberg conjured a spectacular third consecutive victory at Rally GB to keep Sebastien Loeb waiting a little longer for the title.
Chiefs Sputter to 10-7 Halftime Lead over Panthers In what was a sloppy game on both sides of the ball, the Chiefs take a 10-7 halftime lead in their season opener against the Panthers in Arrowhead.
LSU tumbles while Auburn rises after close win LSU fell out of the top 10 Sunday while Auburn moved in, the result of a one-point game decided by a second-chance extra point. Defending BCS champion LSU dropped eight spots to No.
Iran rejects order by UN energy agency to halt nuclear program TEHRAN Iran on Sunday rejected an order by the International Atomic Energy Agency to freeze its nuclear enrichment programs and warned that it would drop out of the Nuclear Nonproliferation Treaty if its case was sent to the United Nations Security Council 
The UN Wags a Finger at Sudan For the second time in seven weeks, the UN has bared its teeth at Sudan for continuing attacks on civilians in Darfur. Get all of today #39;s headlines, or alerts on specific topics.
Extremists gain in Eastern Germany BERLIN Extremist parties that tapped into East German resentment over high unemployment and unpopular economic reforms made big gains Sunday in regional elections in two German states, according to two exit polls.
Insurgent Video Shows Apparent Beheadings in Iraq A videotape posted on an Iraqi Islamist web site shows what appears to be the beheading of three members of the Kurdistan Democratic Party, which cooperates with the Baghdad government.
Turkey concert blast  #39;hurts 14 #39; A bomb placed under a police car at a pop concert in southern Turkey has hurt at least 14 people, officials say. The explosion happened in the city of Mercin during a performance by well-known Turkish singer Candan Ercetin.
Terror attack foiled in Moscow: security agency MOSCOW : Russian law enforcement agencies have foiled a terror attack in Moscow, the FSB security agency said Saturday, two weeks after a series of attacks killed more than 400 people within days in the country.
Right to roam maps published The first maps detailing the  #39;right to roam #39; on privately owned land are being published on Sunday. The Countryside Agency will be printing open access maps for the whole of England over the course of the next 15 months.
Europe rout US in record-busting Ryder Cup victory (AFP) AFP - Europe pulled off a sensational Ryder Cup victory when they crushed the all-star American team by a record-breaking 18 1/2 to 9 1/2 points.
Microsoft to Share Office Software Code (Reuters) Reuters - Microsoft Corp. said on Sunday that it\would share the underlying software code for its Office program\as part of its efforts to make governments more confident in\the security and compatibility of the world's largest software\maker's products.
Giants' Coughlin Gets Win Over Redskins Linebacker Barrett Green scored on a 16-yard fumble return and the Giants forced seven turnovers, handing Tom Coughlin his first win as the team's head coach.
L.S.U. Tumbles, Auburn Rises in A.P. Poll Defending B.C.S. champion L.S.U. dropped eight spots to No. 13 in The Associated Press media poll after losing 10-9 at Auburn on Saturday.
Golf: Europe win Ryder Cup Colin Montgomerie holes the winning putt as Europe thrash the USA by a record margin of 18-9 in Detroit.
Yanks Crush Red Sox Gary Sheffield, Derek Jeter and Jorge Posada each homer off Pedro Martinez, and the Yankees rout the Red Sox 11-1 on Sunday.
Alitalia wins respite After just four months on the job, the Italian airline #39;s latest boss succeeded this weekend where his many predecessors had failed: getting unions to agree to sweeping job and wage cuts.
Investment curbs working, Beijing says BEIJING China #39;s efforts to slow the economy by curbing investments in industries such as steel and cement are working, a senior official said Sunday, suggesting that further tightening measures such as an interest rate increase may be unnecessary.
Microsoft to share ots Office code Microsoft planned to announce Monday that it would give dozens of governments and international agencies access to the programming code in its Office desktop software, including word processing, spreadsheet, presentation and e-mail programs.
Terror Plot At Michigan High School A seventeen year old student is arrested after authorities were told of his plans to blow up his high school. Clinton Township Police said the boy was making threats on many online chat rooms.
Cisco gives Linksys rebate to the upwardly mobile Cisco Systems introduced a rebate program on Friday to encourage owners of its Linksys home networking gear to trade up to higher-end products.
Tennis: Top-seeded Spadea reaches Delray Beach quarter-finals DELRAY BEACH, United States : Top-seeded American Vincent Spadea cruised past compatriot James Blake 6-3, 6-1 here to reach the quarter-finals of the 380,000-dollar Millennium International tennis tournament.
Busch wins, shares lead with Earnhardt Jr. Loudon, NH (Sports Network) - Kurt Busch led the most laps (155) and captured the Sylvania 300 Nextel Cup race at the New Hampshire International Speedway.
Adebayor shoots Monaco to top spot in France Togo #39;s Emmanuel Adebayor shot Monaco to the top of the French league table with the winner in a 1-0 victory over Paris Saint Germain who thought their season could not get any worse.
Car bombs seized, Russia reports MOSCOW Russian law enforcement agencies have thwarted an extremist attack on targets in Moscow, according to the FSB, the federal security service.
Just rambling like a fox MILLPOND BOTTOM, England They gathered under the pink-painted walls of the Royal Oak Inn, then marched on to this gentle vale to claim their slice of new freedom.
Beware of the lazy banker If interest rates go up, you may think you will suffer if you have a loan and benefit if you have bank deposits. However, the interest rate effect could play out quite differently.
NFL Wrap: Manning Wins MVP Battle as Colts Beat Titans Peyton Manning threw for 254 yards and two touchdowns to win his showdown with fellow co-MVP Steve McNair as the Indianapolis Colts beat the Tennessee Titans 31-17 at Nashville on Sunday.
Still a hot Pota-to The Prevention of Terrorism Act 2002 (Pota) polarised the country, not just by the manner in which it was pushed through by the NDA government through a joint session of Parliament but by the shabby and often biased manner in which it was enforced.
Opec #39;s new cash pile THE rise in the price of crude oil over the last several months has brought the 11 members of Opec an unprecedented windfall, so much so it has revealed some cracks within what was supposedly the cartel #39;s public unity on prices.
Microsoft to Share Office Software Code Microsoft Corp. said on Sunday that it would share the underlying software code for its Office program as part of its efforts to make governments more confident in the security and compatibility 
Blue Jays beat D-Rays in last-place battle The Tampa Bay Devil Rays and Toronto Blue Jays are battling for last place in the AL East - and it showed Sunday. Vernon Wells homered in Toronto #39;s five-run third inning and the Blue Jays beat the Devil Rays 9-7 in an error-filled game.
Iranian program not an  #39;imminent threat #39; IRAN #39;S nuclear program does not present an  quot;imminent threat, #39; quot; but Tehran must take measures to reassure the international community about its intentions, UN nuclear watchdog chief Mohamed ElBaradei said Sunday.
Russia launches operation to capture Chechen militants Moscow, Sep 20. (UNI): Russian troops have launched a special operation to capture Chechen warlord Shamil Basayev and rebel leader Aslan Maskhadov wanted for a series of terrorist attacks in Russia including the Beslan school strike.
Israel kills Hamas leader in Gaza The Israel Defense Forces said Sunday its air force attacked a car in Gaza City, killing a Hamas field commander. The IDF identified the dead man as Khalid Abu Salmiya, a member of Hamas #39; military wing, Izzedine al Qassam.
3 hostages killed in Iraq, tape shows BAGHDAD - A militant Islamic group has killed three hostages in Iraq, a video posted on its website shows. The three men, identified as members of an Iraqi Kurdish group, were killed for helping the Americans, a statement accompanying the tape said.
A cruel price for Enduring Freedom THE death of a 13-year-old English boy from an overdose of heroin is a grim reminder of the social cost of what United States President George W. Bush lauded last June as  #39;the first victory in the war on terror #39;.
Europeans Easily Take Ryder Cup, Again BLOOMFIELD TOWNSHIP, Mich. - Europe again proved to be the best in the Ryder Cup with its biggest romp over the Americans, as Lee Westwood ended any remaining suspense at Oakland Hills with a 4-foot par putt on the final hole to beat Kenny Perry on Sunday...
Spears Weds Fiance in Surprise Ceremony LOS ANGELES - Pop singer Britney Spears married her fiance, dancer Kevin Federline, in a surprise ceremony, her record label said Sunday.   "She did marry him yesterday," Jive Records spokeswoman Sonia Muckle said...
One Man Dies in Mass. Fair Ride Accident SHREWSBURY, Mass. - A carnival ride broke apart during a church fair Sunday, killing a man and injuring two other people...
Israeli Missile Reportedly Kills Hamas Militant Leader An Israeli helicopter fired a missile at a car in Gaza City late Sunday, residents said, killing a senior Hamas militant leader, the latest Israeli attack in the territory it plans to leave next year.
Far Right Groups Gain in Two German State Elections Voters in two east German states angry over high unemployment handed a rebuke Sunday to Germany's two biggest parties, giving big gains to far right and former Communist groups, television projections showed.
USC remains No. 1; LSU tumbles out of top-10 New York, NY (Sports Network) - Southern California remained a strong No. 1 in the latest Associated Press college football poll after a 42-10 rout of BYU on Saturday, but the team that shared the national 
Singh Named PGA Tour Player of the Year (AP) AP - Vijay Singh made sure there was no debate about who was No. 1 in golf. Disappointed last year by losing to Tiger Woods in a close race, Singh used that as motivation to turn in a dominant season that made him an easy choice as PGA Tour player of the year.
Indonesia's Megawati faces former general in landmark presidential polls (AFP) AFP - From the remote jungles of Papua to the sky-scrapers of Jakarta, Indonesia is staging landmark elections which will see the vast Southeast Asian archipelago choose its president for the first time.
Iraq 'on track for January poll' Iraqi PM Iyad Allawi says elections will take place in January as scheduled, despite continuing violence.
Microsoft to Share Office Software Code  SEATTLE (Reuters) - Microsoft Corp. said on Sunday that it  would share the underlying software code for its Office program  as part of its efforts to make governments more confident in  the security and compatibility of the world's largest software  maker's products.
Microsoft lets governments into Office The productivity package is added to the program that allows governments to see Microsoft source code.
Group Tracks US Companies That Send Jobs Offshore A union group on Thursday unveiled a Web site that lets users identify more than 200,000 US-based companies it says have exported American jobs or lost them because they were hurt by foreign trade.
NFL: Colts/Titans _ Peyton Manning threw for 254 yards and two touchdowns as Indianapolis beat Tennessee 31-to-17. Nick Harper intercepted Steve McNair #39;s pass in the end zone as the Colts rallied to win with 21 points in the fourth quarter.
Stout defense, Broncos #39; bungle propels Jaguars 7-6 The Jacksonville Jaguars are accustomed to playing close games. Now they #39;re finding ways to win them, too. The Jags lost three games in the final minute last season and finished 5-11.
Clock ticks down for Iraq hostages BAGHDAD : Britain joined Iraq #39;s US-backed government in facing down a chilling ultimatum to execute a British and two American hostages, as Islamists claimed the gruesome beheading of three Kurds.
O'Neal Returns to Practice for Pacers (AP) AP - Jermaine O'Neal practiced with Indiana on Monday for the first time since being suspended for fighting with Detroit fans during the Pacers-Pistons brawl on Nov. 19.
Rich Asians snapping up world's most expensive mobile phones (AFP) AFP - How much would you pay for a mobile phone that seems as heavy as a brick and cannot even take pictures? Up to 32,000 US dollars, if the phone carries the name Vertu.
Hamas Militant Leader Killed in Gaza City (AP) AP - An Israeli helicopter fired a missile at a car in Gaza City late Sunday, residents said, killing a senior Hamas militant leader, the latest Israeli attack in the territory it plans to leave next year.
24th annual Terry Fox Run attracts hundreds of thousands of Canadians (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - (CP) - Hundreds of thousands of Canadians took to the streets Sunday to raise money for cancer research in what appeared to be a record-breaking year for The Terry Fox Run.
WebEx adds Sales Center for sales professionals WebEx Communications is expanding its Web conferencing service with an offering designed for sales professionals, the company plans to announce on Monday.
Race-hate attack fuels fear of Beslan backlash Fears that the Beslan school massacre will lead to attacks against people from the Caucasus mounted yesterday after skinheads beat four people  quot;of Caucasian appearance quot; on the underground railway system in Moscow.
Petro-Canada up on government plan SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW) -- Shares in Petro-Canada posted gains Friday after the Canadian government said it plans to sell its remaining 19 percent stake in the giant oil company.
Mello Claims Maiden Atp Tour Triumph Unseeded Brazilian Ricardo Mello captured his first ATP Tour title when overcoming top seed Vincent Spadea in straight sets to win the Millennium International at Delray Beach in Florida.
Iran Rejects IAEA Call On Halt To N-Plan Tehran/Vianna, Sept. 19 (NNN): Iran on Sunday rejected the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) call to suspend of all its nuclear activities, saying that it will not agree to halt uranium enrichment.
Indonesians Begin Voting in Landmark Election Indonesians began voting on Monday in a landmark election and are expected to throw out President Megawati Sukarnoputri and install an ex-general vowing firmer leadership in fighting terror and boosting the economy.
Microsoft Expands Program on Source Code (AP) AP - Microsoft Corp. is expanding a program to give government organizations access to some of its tightly guarded software blueprints amid growing competition from rivals who make such source code freely available.
Democrat Emerges As Major Stem Cell Patron (AP) AP - Over three decades, Bob Klein amassed a fortune by building and financing low-income housing. After his 14-year-old son was diagnosed with diabetes in 2001, however, he redirected his considerable political clout and business savvy. The longtime Democrat has since become one of the biggest private patrons of human embryonic stem cell research  #151; medical technology that many scientists believe can someday cure a wide range of ailments, including diabetes.
Mass. Fair Accident Kills 1, Injures 2 SHREWSBURY, Mass. - A carnival ride broke apart during a church fair Sunday, killing a man and injuring two other people...
Canada to use PetroCan money for green technology OTTAWA - The Canadian government will devote some of the proceeds from its sale of its 19 percent stake in oil company Petro-Canada (PCA.
IBM registers grid computing wins Claiming grid technology continues to expand outside its traditional scientific and research markets, IBM on Friday is announced several grid-based commercial projects built on IBM platforms have been launched, including one at the US Environmental 
More toxic materials set to join global trade watch list GENEVA: Up to 15 hazardous substances are expected to be added to a  quot;watch list quot; regulating international trade in toxic industrial products and pesticides, the UN #39;s environmental agency said.
After two weeks, it #39;s still anyone #39;s game (Editor #39;s note: Hall of Fame coach Marv Levy, one of the smartest and greatest coaches in NFL history, provides his thoughts about the players, the coaches and the games each week throughout the season.
Ravens #39; Defense Sets Tone, Sidelines Steelers #39; Maddox in Victory BALTIMORE -- The Baltimore Ravens rebounded from a stinging defeat by running over their hated rivals, the Pittsburgh Steelers. Jamal Lewis rushed for 62 yards and two touchdowns and Chester Taylor added a 
Latham lashes out MARK Latham boiled over yesterday when questioned about the schooling of his three-year-old son. The Labor leader came under pressure amid confusion about whether his eldest boy, Oliver, would go to a private preschool.
Economic week The three major central banks will all be in focus this week, starting with the Federal Reserve tomorrow. The Federal open market committee meets to set the US interest 
Yukos partly suspends oil deliveries to China MOSCOW : Russia #39;s embattled Yukos oil giant said it had partly suspended its deliveries to China because its legal troubles have left it without cash to pay transport and customs costs.
Microsofts spam plan rejected Microsoft Corp has released a patch for its latest critical rated security flaw affecting its Windows, Office and developer tools software programmes.
iTunes under fire over UK pricing Apple Computer Corp is charging its British iTunes customers 17 percent more per download than its European customers, a consumer watchdog group has said.
IBM protects passwords with PC chip IBM plans to start shipping its PCs with a new chip designed to thwart hackers by safeguarding passwords and other sensitive identity information.
WebEx plays big brother A new feature in WebEx #39;s latest Web conferencing service has reporters and PowerPoint victims of all stripe a little nervous. The service being announced Monday, WebEx Sales Center, includes an Attention Indicator 
Bryant records first tour win at Texas Open Bart Bryant won his first PGA Tour event Sunday, closing with a 3-under 67 for a three-stroke victory over Patrick Sheehan at the Texas Open.
Beckham dropped by Madrid From the supposedly sublime skills of the galacticos, Real Madrid have plunged into the ridiculous: on Saturday night they crashed to a 1-0 defeat at Espanyol.
Iran defies curbs on nuclear activities TEHERAN - Iran reacted yesterday with defiance to a tough resolution from the United Nations atomic watchdog, rejecting calls to halt sensitive nuclear activities and threatening to block tough inspections if the issue was referred to the Security Council 
14 people hurt in bomb blast at Turkish concert ISTANBUL - A bomb placed under a Turkish police car exploded on Sunday, wounding 14 people at a concert venue in southern Turkey, state-run Anatolian news agency reported.
Multiplayer Games Coming to Cell Phones (AP) AP - As millions buy increasingly powerful cell phones, many companies are racing to develop video games to take advantage of the newfound portability.
Pats Win 17th in Row, 23-12 Over Arizona (AP) AP - Make it 17 victories in a row and counting for the New England Patriots. Despite a sometimes sloppy performance, the Super Bowl champions defeated the sputtering Arizona Cardinals 23-12 on Sunday.
Rice's Streak Ends but Raiders Edge Bills (AP) AP - Jerry Rice probably didn't figure his team-first attitude would lead to the end of his NFL-record receptions streak.
Indonesians Begin Voting in Landmark Election (Reuters) Reuters - Indonesians began voting on Monday in a\landmark election expected to remove President Megawati\Sukarnoputri and install an ex-general who has vowed firmer\leadership in fighting terror and boosting the economy.
Indonesians Begin Voting in Landmark Election  JAKARTA (Reuters) - Indonesians began voting on Monday in a  landmark election expected to remove President Megawati  Sukarnoputri and install an ex-general who has vowed firmer  leadership in fighting terror and boosting the economy.
Colts Flash Weapons The Colts' Edgerrin James's two touchdowns and 124 yards rushing plus Reggie Wayne's 119 yards receiving with two scores produces an impressive 31-17 win over the Titans on Sunday.
Cubs Keep Pace Moises Alou's tiebreaking two-run double in the ninth gives the Cubs a 5-1 victory over the Reds Sunday for their sixth win in seven games.
No NHL? No NHL!!! For the second time in 10 years, the National Hockey League has closed its doors. In 1994, we were a nation unprepared -- how do you fill the void of turning the TV on once or twice a winter for five minutes or so to watch a game? -- but, this time around, I'm taking a different tack:
Air NZ shares placed on trading halt ahead of High Court decision Shares in Air New Zealand were placed in a trading halt before NZX opened this morning. Air NZ requested its shares be placed on the halt ahead of a High Court announcement on the airline #39;s proposed tie-up with Qantas.
China #39;s TCL Communication Lists On HK Main Board Sep 27 HONG KONG (Dow Jones)--TCL Communication Technology Holdings Ltd. (2618.HK), China #39;s fourth largest handset maker, said Sunday it will list by way of introduction on the Hong Kong main board on Sept.
Hands off Great Lakes As an environmentalist with more than 30 years of activism under my belt, I am generally not vulnerable to complacency. But if there is any area of environmental concern I tend to feel is well in hand it is the Great Lakes.
Media merger inevitable, says Senior Minister THE Government would prefer competition in the media industry, but last week #39;s merger deal between Singapore Press Holdings (SPH) and MediaCorp underlined the reality of the limitations of the market here, especially for television.
Make Internet less of a cyberjungle A 24-year-old Romanian cheats a California computer equipment distributor out of \$10 million. An Australian teenager causes a release of raw sewage by hacking into a treatment plants system.
Apple ships security patch for iChat Apple Computer last week released a security patch for its Mac OS X iChat instant messaging client, which contains a flaw that hackers could use to takeover a person #39;s computer.
De la Hoya losesdate with destiny OSCAR de la Hoyas dreams of becoming the world middleweight champion were ended in Las Vegas on Saturday night by two bodyshots from Bernard Hopkins, as his step up in weight proved too much.
Youhana sparkles for Pakistan Yousuf Youhana has played many outstanding innings but few will have given him more pleasure than that which took Pakistan to a three-wicket victory over their fiercest rivals here yesterday.
Spurs frustrate Chelsea Tottenham climbed to fifth place on 10 points, six behind Arsenal and two short of Chelsea, who have been held goalless in their last two league games.
Sudan dismisses threat of UN sanctions UNITED NATIONS - Sudanese President Omar el-Bashir said Sunday he isn #39;t afraid of threatened sanctions by the United Nations.  quot;We are afraid neither of the UN nor of its resolution, quot; el-Bashir was quoted as saying by state-run television.
Far Right surges as Schrder feels fury of the east Chancellor Gerhard Schrder #39;s ruling Social Democrats were dealt a heavy blow yesterday by voters in two east German states where anger at high unemployment and economic reforms 
Paisley will  #39;call Sinn Fein #39;s bluff #39; The political future of Northern Ireland remains uncertain after the failure of three days of negotiations between Unionists and republicans which ended in acrimony at the weekend.
Ugandan troops kill insurgents in Sudan Kampala - Ugandan helicopter gunships and ground troops attacked a rebel hideout in southern Sudan, killing at least 25 insurgents and capturing seven others, an army spokesperson said on Sunday.
Shahbaz #39;s family arrives LAHORE, Sept 18: Mrs Nusrat Shahbaz, wife, and Javeria and Rabia, daughters of PML-N President Mian Shahbaz Sharif, arrived here on Saturday morning for a two-month stay.
district briefs: PESHAWAR: A judicial commission formed by the Muttahida Majilis-e-Amal government has suggested amendments to the Nizam-e-Adal Regulations of 1999 in the Provincially Administered Tribal Areas.
Microsoft Internet Explorer loses market share Microsoft #39;s Internet Explorer browser continues to lose users to rivals such as Firefox and Opera, a Web analytics firm said Thursday.
Chelsea held to a draw LONDON: Chelsea were held to a 0-0 home draw by Tottenham Hotspur yesterday and remain two points behind champions Arsenal in second place after the weekends Premier League action.
Tampa Bay Buccaneers TAMPA, Florida (Ticker) -- Coach Jon Gruden benched Brad Johnson in favor of Chris Simms , but the Tampa Bay Buccaneers still couldn #39;t reach the end zone.
San Diego Chargers Martin rushed for 119 yards and two touchdowns to become the New York Jets  #39; all-time leading rusher as the Jets posted a 34-28 victory over the San Diego Chargers .
Voters lured to neo-Nazi parties in German elections NEO-NAZI parties made sweeping gains in vital regional elections in Germany last night to further tarnish the countrys image and plunge Chancellor Gerhard Schrders ruling coalition party into fresh crisis.
Air New Zealand Stock Halted Pending Qantas Ruling (Update1) Shares of Air New Zealand Ltd., the country #39;s largest airline, were halted pending a High Court ruling on plans for an alliance with Australia #39;s Qantas Airways Ltd.
Monty Seals Record Ryder Cup Triumph for Europe  BLOOMFIELD HILLS, Michigan (Reuters) - Rampant Europe  retained the Ryder Cup after dominating the last-day singles  matches on Sunday to beat the United States by a record 18-1/2  points to 9-1/2.
Candidates Play on Fears of Attacks, War (AP) AP - Playing on the fear factor, Vice President Dick Cheney suggested in a campaign speech there might be another terrorist attack on the United States if John Kerry were in the White House. President Bush's opponents' are raising their own worst fears, including the potential for more wars during a second Bush term.
Presidential debates: high drama, disputed impact (AFP) AFP - For sheer political drama, few spectacles can match the sight of two men going toe to toe before tens of millions of television viewers, slugging it out for the most powerful job on Earth.
Brunell Injured in Redskins' Loss  EAST RUTHERFORD, N.J., (Sports Network) - Washington  Redskins starting quarterback Mark Brunell suffered an injured  left hamstring in Sunday's 20-14 loss to the New York Giants.
Iraq Leader Says Violence Won't Stop Vote BAGHDAD, Iraq - The Iraqi prime minister insisted Sunday that the raging insurgency - which has claimed 300 lives in the last week alone and resulted in a wave of kidnappings - will not delay January elections, promising the vote will strike a "major blow" against the violent opposition.    Meanwhile, a grisly videotape posted on a Web site showed the beheading of three hostages believed to be Iraqi Kurds accused by militants of cooperating with U.S...
Microsoft lets governments into Office com September 19, 2004, 3:00 PM PT. This fourth priority #39;s main focus has been improving or obtaining CRM and ERP software for the past year and a half.
Crude oil prices may fall as output rebounds Crude oil prices may fall this week as companies including Royal Dutch/Shell Group restart platforms and tankers resume shipments in the Gulf of Mexico after Hurricane Ivan 
Watchdog Plays Down Abbey Suitor Fears The City watchdog today played down reports that it had concerns about Abbey National suitor Banco Santander Central Hispano. The Financial Services Authority confirmed 
MediaCorp, SPH sign deal to merge mass market TV Singapore #39;s largest broadcaster MediaCorp and Singapore Press Holdings (SPH) on Friday signed agreements to merge their mass-market television and free newspaper operations in a bid to stem losses.
Hopkins floors De La Hoya Bernard Hopkins, the blue collar champion from the streets of Philadelphia, demolished Oscar De La Hoya, the long-time American golden boy, with a clinical left hook to the liver in 
Youhana plays the hero Tickets for this  #39;more than a cricket match #39; sold out in three hours when placed on sale back in May. But while most appeared to have gone to India #39;s supporters, it was Pakistan #39;s 
Cowboys 19, Browns 12 Bill Parcells is always toughest on his teams after they win, especially when they win ugly. That means the next eight days could be excruciating for the Dallas Cowboys.
Indonesian voters go to the polls Millions of Indonesians vote Monday in an historic run-off presidential election amid doubts whoever is elected will solve the country #39;s chronic problems.
Ugandan forces  #39;kill 25 rebels #39; Uganda says its army has killed at least 25 fighters from the Lord #39;s Resistance Army (LRA) in an operation to capture rebel leader Joseph Kony.
Pilgrims die in bus plunge AT least 17 Muslim pilgrims died and 38 others were injured when a bus in which they were travelling plummeted into a deep ravine in eastern Pakistan, police said today.
Cabinet Clears Ordinance To Repeal POTA New Delhi, Sept. 17 (NNN): The Union Cabinet on Friday morning cleared the ordinance to repeal the controversial anti-terror law, the Prevention of Terrorism Act(POTA).
* CBK welcomes Norway #39;s role, accuses LTTE of  #39;indecision #39; Sept 17, Colombo: While welcoming Norway #39;s role in the peace process, President Chandrika Kumaratunga accused the LTTE of  #39;indecision over commencement of talks.
President's Party Leads Kazakhstan Voting (AP) AP - President Nursultan Nazarbayev's party took an early lead in Parliament elections Sunday, and his daughter's new party was running second, lending credence to suspicions of plans for a family dynasty.
NFL Wrap: Manning Wins MVP Battle as Colts Overcome Titans (Reuters) Reuters - Peyton Manning threw for 254 yards and\two touchdowns to win his showdown with fellow co-MVP Steve\McNair as the Indianapolis Colts beat the Tennessee Titans\31-17 in National Football League play at Nashville on Sunday.
Tropical Storm Leaves 50 Dead in Haiti (AP) AP - Tropical Storm Jeanne killed at least 50 people in Haiti after battering the neighboring Dominican Republic with its lashing winds and deadly storm surge before it pushed off into the open sea on Sunday, officials said.
Sudan says it's not afraid of UN resolution threatening sanctions (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - KHARTOUM, Sudan (CP) - Sudan isn't afraid of a U.S.-backed United Nations resolution threatening sanctions over the violence in Darfur, President Omar el-Bashir was quoted as saying Sunday.
Bryant Gets First Tour Win at Texas Open (AP) AP - Bart Bryant won his first PGA Tour event Sunday, closing with a 3-under 67 for a three-stroke victory over Patrick Sheehan at the Texas Open.
Argentina warns of climate crisis The chairman of a UN conference on climate change warns that poor countries need urgent help to stave off the effects of global warming.
Sen. McCain Seeks \$1 Billion to Speed Digital TV Shift  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Senate Commerce Committee  Chairman John McCain is pushing for up to \$1 billion in aid to  ensure consumers are not left in the dark when television  stations broadcast only new, crisp digital signals, according  to draft legislation obtained on Sunday.
An Enron Trial With Big Stakes for Ones Ahead s the first criminal trial stemming from the financial deals at Enron opens in Houston today, it will be notable as much for who is not among the six defendants as who is - and for how little 
Air NZ in trading halt Shares in Air New Zealand were placed in a trading halt before the New Zealand Stock Exchange opened this morning. Air NZ requested its shares be placed on the halt before a High Court announcement on the 
Airbus supports Microsoft in EU antitrust case Microsoft is looking for additional European-based firms to file challenges against the European Union #39;s US\$600 million ruling against the software giant.
Iraq #39;s prime minister vows to stick to election timetable despite &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Iraq #39;s interim prime minister declared Sunday that January elections would be held on schedule and asserted that American and Iraqi government troops were winning the war against an increasingly bold insurgency.
Indonesians go to the polls JAKARTA, Indonesia - Indonesians began voting on Monday in a landmark election expected to remove President Megawati Sukarnoputri and install an ex-general who has vowed firmer leadership in fighting terror and boosting the economy.
Sharon takes hard line on Palestinian rockets JERUSALEM Prime Minister Ariel Sharon warned on Sunday that Israel would retaliate against Palestinian rockets, even if they were fired from civilian areas, and an arms manufacturer said Israel had installed a radar system in a border town to warn of such 
In Video Games, Sequels Are Winners The game business has come to rely on sequels, even more so than Hollywood. While thats good news for their revenues, its bad for the independent developers who built the industry.
Some Microsoft Customers Will Get to See Office Code Microsoft to Share Software Code Microsoft plans to announce that it will give dozens of governments and international agencies access to the programming code in its Office desktop software.
Users Find Too Many Phish in the Internet Sea A recent flood of fake Citibank e-mail messages demonstrates the growing arsenal of tricks used by online "phishers."
Jets C Mawae Breaks Right Hand (AP) AP - Jets Pro Bowl center Kevin Mawae broke his right hand in Sunday's 34-28 win against the San Diego Chargers.
Monty Seals Record Ryder Cup Triumph for Europe (Reuters) Reuters - Rampant Europe\retained the Ryder Cup after dominating the last-day singles\matches on Sunday to beat the United States by a record 18-1/2\points to 9-1/2.
Sen. McCain Seeks  #36;1 Billion to Speed Digital TV Shift (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. Senate Commerce Committee\Chairman John McCain is pushing for up to  #36;1 billion in aid to\ensure consumers are not left in the dark when television\stations broadcast only new, crisp digital signals, according\to draft legislation obtained on Sunday.
China Completes 1st Orderly Power Transfer (AP) AP - Hu Jintao became the undisputed leader of China as the country completed its first orderly transfer of power in the communist era on Sunday with the departure of former President Jiang Zemin from his top military post  #151; giving a new generation a freer hand to run the world's most populous nation.
Senators Urge Bush to Rethink Iraq Policy (AP) AP - Senators from both parties urged the Bush administration on Sunday to make a realistic assessment of the situation in Iraq and adjust its policies aimed at pacifying the country.
Colombia Says Marxist Rebels Killed Venezuelans  BOGOTA, Colombia (Reuters) - Colombia blamed Marxist FARC  rebels on Sunday for killing at least five Venezuelan soldiers  and an oil engineer in one of the deadliest attacks in recent  years on the two country's jungle border.
An Enron Trial With Big Stakes for Ones Ahead As the first criminal trial stemming from the financial deals at Enron opens, it will be notable as much for who is not among the six defendants as who is.
Sniezek Spurs Gonzaga J.P. Sniezek makes the first catch of his career, a 39-yard completion, and then boots a field goal to lift Gonzaga over Georgetown Prep.
Foster pounds Chiefs in second half DeShaun Foster runs well when he #39;s angry and he was angry Sunday. So were his Carolina Panthers teammates. On Monday night, the Panthers admit they stunk it up in a 24-14 home loss to the Packers.
Europe Wins Ryder Cup by Widest Margin (AP) AP - Europe again proved to be the best in the Ryder Cup Sunday with its biggest romp over the Americans. The final blow was a scene all too familiar at Oakland Hills: With the cup already won, Padraig Harrington made a 25-foot par putt on the 18th hole of the last match that only counted in the record books.
Microsoft Expands Sharing of Source Code (AP) AP - Microsoft Corp. is expanding a program to give government organizations access to some of its tightly guarded software blueprints amid growing competition from rivals who make such source code freely available.
Millions of Indonesians Vote in Landmark Election (Reuters) Reuters - Indonesians voted on Monday in a\landmark election expected to remove President Megawati\Sukarnoputri and install an ex-general who has vowed firmer\leadership in fighting terror and boosting the economy.
Han Wins Safeway Classic in Playoff (AP) AP - Hee-Won Han made a 4-foot birdie putt on the first playoff hole to beat Lorie Kane and win the Safeway Classic on Sunday.
F1 Sees China as a 'New Klondike'  LONDON (Reuters) - Next weekend's inaugural Chinese Grand  Prix could be the most significant race in the history of  Formula One.
Millions of Indonesians Vote in Landmark Election  JAKARTA (Reuters) - Indonesians voted on Monday in a  landmark election expected to remove President Megawati  Sukarnoputri and install an ex-general who has vowed firmer  leadership in fighting terror and boosting the economy.
Imperioli, de Matteo Win for 'Sopranos' LOS ANGELES - Michael Imperioli and Drea de Matteo, who played a hard-luck mob couple whose relationship ended badly on the HBO drama "The Sopranos," won drama series supporting actor and actress Emmys Sunday.    The stars of two departing series captured the comedy supporting actor and actress awards: David Hyde Pierce for "Frasier," which ended its 11-year run, and Cynthia Nixon for "Sex and the City," which wrapped a six-year run...
Microsoft Expands Sharing of Source Code SEATTLE - Microsoft Corp. is expanding a program to give government organizations access to some of its tightly guarded software blueprints amid growing competition from rivals who make such source code freely available...
Australia #39;s Sims Grp: Expects 1Q Earnings Above A\$50M -2- SYDNEY (Dow Jones)--Australian metal recycler Sims Group Ltd. (SMS.AU) on Monday raised its profit outlook by some 23, saying it expects first quarter earnings to exceed A\$50 million.
Take That, Boston. Again. And Again. F the Red Sox thought they could come into Yankee Stadium and change the direction of the American League East race, they have another thought coming.
Old school coaches hope to revive the New York Giants and &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Redskins decided to rebuild their once-proud NFC East teams, they went to the recycling bin. The Redskins brought back Joe Gibbs, the man who led them to three Super Bowls before leaving to make a dent in NASCAR.
New inquiry into family courts MPs have announced a new inquiry into family courts and whether parents are treated fairly over issues such as custody or contact with their children.
Colombia Says Marxist Rebels Killed Venezuelans Colombia blamed Marxist FARC rebels on Sunday for killing at least five Venezuelan soldiers and an oil engineer in one of the deadliest attacks in recent years on the two country #39;s jungle border.
Oprah giveaway Oprah Winfrey surprised each of her 276-person studio audience this week with their own new Pontiac G6 car. The cars, which retail for \$US28,000 (\$NZ43,189) were donated by Pontiac.
Camacho offers Real Madrid resignation Camacho made the gesture yesterday, but it was knocked back by Perez - despite one of the worst weeks in his reign. The two men will meet on Monday to address Madrid #39;s current problems which have come to a head in the past week.
Europe Defeats US by Record Margin in Ryder Cup Golf Europe has defeated the United States by a record margin in the 35th Ryder Cup team golf tournament. Lee Westwood of England ensured the Europeans would retain the trophy in Bloomfield Hills, Michigan, with a 1-up victory Sunday over American Kenny Perry.
Last of Chinas old guard cedes military Hu Jintao became China #39;s undisputed leader yesterday as the world #39;s most populous nation completed its first orderly transfer of power in the communist era.
Howard struggles to win over Asian vote SYDNEY - Australian Prime Minister John Howard #39;s push to forge a closer alliance with the United States and his strong rhetoric on the war on terror have only added to his negative image among Asian voters and Asia at large.
PeopleSoft sweetens severance packages PeopleSoft has quadrupled the size of the minimum severance package for its employees and doubled it for executives, as Oracle #39;s hostile bid got a recent boost in the courts.
 quot;Green card quot; applications accepted Guangdong police have started accepting permanent residence applications from foreigners, Shenzhen Daily reported on Monday. The provincial public security department had issued 
Microsoft To Share Office Software Source Code with Governments Microsoft #39;s business strategy manager for Europe, Wilfried Grommen, said  quot;It #39;s really important for us at this stage that we have this major extension of the GSP.
OPRAH CAR SPREE DRIVES SITE TRAFFIC Oprah Winfrey #39;s now-famous Pontiac giveaway last Monday spiked traffic to her Web site - and also drove viewers to Pontiac #39;s online site.
Yahoo to launch online music service The World #39;s leading portal website Yahoo.com will blaze its trial in the digital music market launching an online music service by the end of this year.
Europe revel in Ryder glory Ryder Cup captain Bernhard Langer led the praise for his  quot;tremendous quot; Europe team after their crushing 18-9 defeat of the USA at Oakland Hills.
Beckham dropped as Real flop again David Beckham was dropped for the first time in his Real Madrid career as his club completed a demoralising week with a 1-0 defeat at Espanyol in which two Real players were sent off and three penalties missed.
Blues held by Spurs, Toffees win again Tottenham has held Chelsea to a 0-0 draw, while Everton beat Middlesbrough 1-0 and Newcastle downed Southampton 2-1. Chelsea dominated the contest at Stamford Bridge, but with England goalkeeper Paul Robinson 
Week in review: A point afterthought The extra point is supposed to be a routine play. When you think about it, a lot of it is muscle memory. Snap, hold and a short kick by a former soccer player.
Talks Set to End  #39;With No Deal in Sight #39; Negotiations to restore Northern Irelands power-sharing administration appear have ended without producing a deal, it was claimed today.
Hamas Militant Leader Killed in Gaza City GAZA CITY, Gaza Strip Sept. 19, 2004 - An Israeli helicopter fired a missile at a car in Gaza City late Sunday, residents said, killing a senior Hamas militant leader, the latest Israeli attack in the territory it plans to leave next year.
Over 100 students, teachers abducted in Napal More than 100 students and teachers have been adducted in Nepal, reported China Radio International Monday morning. Reports said suspected rebels kidnapped 49 students from 
Australia Raises Commodity Export Forecast on Energy (Update2) Australia, expecting record earnings from commodity exports this fiscal year, increased its forecast a second time as soaring oil prices boost energy sales 38 percent.
Japan, Mexico ink landmark accord MEXICO CITY-After months of drawn-out negotiations, Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi Friday signed an Economic Partnership Agreement (EPA) with Mexican President Vicente Fox.
Hopkins takes wind out of De la Hoya Both Bernard Hopkins and Oscar de la Hoya, in the days leading up to their fight, had expressed hope that their respective careers might be defined by Saturday night #39;s events at the MGM Grand Garden Arena.
Safin becomes first champion in China Open Marat Safin of Russia smiles at the awarding ceremony during the finals of the China Open tennis tournament in Beijing September 19, 2004.
Georgia at Auburn The debate stoked by Southern football fans all summer long seems fairly hilarious now. The question -- you remember it -- was, which will be the better conference, the SEC or the new ACC?
Court rejects planned Air New Zealand-Qantas alliance New Zealand #39;s High Court on Monday rejected a proposed alliance between the country #39;s flag carrier and Australian rival airline Qantas.
Waiting for the Worst The three years since the Sept. 11, 2001, terrorist attacks have been treacherous for airline employees. Thousands have lost their jobs and many of the rest have felt the squeeze on their daily lives as airlines slashed pay and benefits.
\$1.3 billion power plant will generate 3,500 jobs MANAMA: A \$1.3 billion (BD491 million) combined power, water and petrochemical plant is to be built in Bahrain. The project will create about 3,500 jobs during its construction and 500 in the long-term.
White Shark Meal Makes History The world #39;s only captive great white shark made history this week when she ate several salmon fillets, marking the first time that a white shark in captivity 
Chelsea Draws 0-0 at Home With Spurs; Everton, Newcastle Win Chelsea missed the chance to go level on points with Arsenal at the top of English soccer #39;s Premiership by drawing 0-0 at home with Tottenham.
Back to Wall, Giants #39; Defense Turns Fearsome When the Giants #39; defensive players walked off the field after the Washington Redskins embarrassed them with an easy touchdown drive in the first quarter Sunday 
Allawi vows Iraq #39;s elections on target BAGHDAD: Iraqi Prime Minister Iyad Allawi said elections would be held as planned in January even as a grisly video surfaced yesterday purporting to show militants sawing off the heads of three Iraqi members of a Kurdish party for co-operating with 
Kazakh President #39;s Party Leads in General Election, AP Says The party of Kazakhstan #39;s President Nursultan Nazarbayev is leading in parliamentary elections, according to early results, and his daughter #39;s party is in second place, the Associated Press reported.
Anwar will not rejoin party KUALA LUMPUR: Malaysia #39;s former deputy premier Anwar Ibrahim has no plans to rejoin the all-powerful ruling party after his surprise release from jail this month, the official Bernama news agency said yesterday.
Fringe Parties See Gains in German Vote (AP) AP - Voters in two east German states angry over high unemployment and cuts in social programs handed a rebuke Sunday to Germany's two biggest parties, giving big gains to far right and former Communist groups, projections showed.
Saints' McAllister Hurt in Chargers Game (AP) AP - Saints running back Deuce McAllister lasted just a handful of plays before spraining his right ankle against San Francisco, one of several prominent players who got hurt Sunday.
Wash. Scientists Study Whale Watchers (AP) AP - Killer whales get the superstar treatment every summer off the Washington coast, where tourists fill up whale-watch boats to catch a glimpse of the majestic animals. Now, researchers are studying whether all the attention could be a bad thing.
Langer Would Consider Staying as European Captain  BLOOMFIELD HILLS, Mich., (Reuters) - Bernhard Langer said  he would consider staying on as European Ryder Cup captain  after guiding them to a record victory over the U.S.
Singh named PGA Tour player of year World number one Vijay Singh, golf #39;s hottest player over the last 18 months, was named the 2004 PGA Tour player of the year yesterday.
Rwanda 'genocide' priest on trial A Catholic priest accused of participating in Rwanda's genocide will go on trial at the UN war crimes court.
Effort to Train New Iraqi Army Is Facing Delays The military command in charge of training Iraqi forces has fewer than half of its permanent headquarters personnel in place.
Hu Takes Full Power in China as He Gains Control of Military China's president, Hu Jintao, replaced Jiang Zemin as the country's military chief to complete the first orderly transfer of power in Communist Party history.
Senators Urge Bush to Rethink Iraq Policy WASHINGTON - Senators from both parties urged the Bush administration on Sunday to make a realistic assessment of the situation in Iraq and adjust its policies aimed at pacifying the country. But Bush readied a firm defense of his Iraq policy - and a sharp new attack on rival John Kerry's stance - for a speech Monday...
Friedgen Set on QB Ralph Friedgen continues to stand behind quarterback Joel Statham despite his three first-half interceptions in Maryland's 19-16 overtime loss at West Virginia on Saturday.
A Shrinking Airline Industry Offers Limited Options eonard Robinson, who put in 30 years as a mechanic at Pan American World Airways, has a message for his counterparts at US Airways, Delta, United and other struggling airlines pressing 
Yukos Said to Halt Some Exports to China MOSCOW - Russia #39;s Yukos oil company is suspending oil exports to the Chinese National Petroleum Corp. because it cannot afford to pay transport expenses, a news agency reported Sunday.
M amp;S to reveal sales downturn Marks  amp; Spencer experienced poor summer trading and is expected to announce terms for its 2.3bn tender offer substantially below the 400p per share that billionaire Philip Green was prepared to pay to take over the ailing retailer two months ago.
Colwick, McWilliams lead City Amateur Houston #39;s Robby McWilliams continued his steady play at the 80th annual Greater Houston City Amateur by carding his second consecutive 69 to tie Steven Colwick for the top spot after two rounds of play.
PENALTY ON JOAQUIN GONZALEZ IN END ZONE As many times as the Dallas Cowboys hurt themselves with penalties, turnovers and missed opportunities, the Cleveland Browns somehow outdid them.
Sudan says it will observe UN resolution The Sudanese gov #39;t agreed to observe the UN resolution on Darfur, avoiding threatened sanctions to their oil industry. But it says the resolution is unfair and unjust to Sudan.
Odin Aims to Lead RFID Technology RFID tags, the dime-sized devices that can track inventory from the factory to the store, are being embraced as one of the hottest of new technologies. &lt;br&gt;&lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-TheWashington Post&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;
PeopleSoft sweetens severance packages In a move to retain employees, PeopleSoft quadruples the size of the minimum severance package for employees.
Yukos Cuts Oil Exports to China The Russian oil giant Yukos said on Sunday that it would immediately reduce some of its rail exports of crude oil to China. It appears to be the first time that Yukos #39;s 
Hopkins Makes a Case for Greatness Nearly an hour after knocking out Oscar De La Hoya in the ninth round Saturday night in the MGM Grand Garden Arena, undisputed middleweight champion Bernard Hopkins 
Han wins Portland play-off South Korea #39;s Hee-Won Han edged out Canadian Lorie Kane in a sudden-death play-off to win the Safeway Classic. Han shot a 67 to finish on nine under, a score matched by Kane with her 70, but Han then birdied 
Rams storm back, still lose to Vick, Falcons The St. Louis Rams had spent the better part of the first half watching Michael Vick run circles around them. Surprisingly, they watched the normally accommodating Falcons run defense put the clamps on Marshall Faulk.
Rightists Make Strong Strides in Eastern German State Elections Far-right parties made their strongest showing in six years in German state elections on Sunday, as voters reacted against Chancellor Gerhard Schrder #39;s governing party after sharp cutbacks in welfare benefits.
Hamas Leader Mashaal Surfaces in Cairo (AP) AP - Hamas leader Khaled Mashaal, who's kept a low profile since last month's twin suicide bombing in southern Israel, made a surprise visit to Egypt on Sunday, but he deflated Egyptian efforts to bring Palestinian factions together.
Hotel Workers in Three Cities May Strike  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Hotel workers in Washington D.C.,  San Francisco and Los Angeles on Sunday held out the threat of  a strike, but have told management they will resume contract  talks, a D.C. union official said.
FTC in Settlement With Company That Promoted Adult Web Sites An Internet company has agreed to forgive \$17 million in customers' bills as part of an agreement with the government, the Federal Trade Commission announced Monday.
New Zealand Court Rejects Air NZ-Qantas Alliance (Update2) Qantas Airways Ltd. #39;s proposed alliance with Air New Zealand Ltd. was rejected by New Zealand #39;s High Court, the latest blow in the carriers #39; two-year attempt to team up to cut costs and ward off airlines such as Emirates.
HK Bourse: Release from Hutchison Whampoa On Connected Deal -8 The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited takes no responsibility for the contents of this announcement, makes no representation as to its accuracy or completeness and expressly disclaims any liability whatsoever for any loss howsoever arising from or in 
RIM Unveils New BlackBerry QWERTY Smartphone The biggest attraction for customers, said IDC analyst Alex Slawsby, is that RIM has provided QWERTY text-input capabilities in the Blackberry 7100t device.
Iraqi militant groups threaten to kill 20 hostages TV footage dated on Sept. 19 shows 18 soldiers from the Iraqi National Guard were kidnapped by An Islamist group, who threatened to kill the hostages if a Shiite radical militia commander is not released within 48 hours.
Toll Rising on Pakistani Frontier In the hidden ravines and forbidding, dust-colored mountains of a remote border region near Afghanistan, about 25,000 Pakistani troops are battling hundreds 
MILLPOND BOTTOM JOURNAL Right-to-Roam Laws Let British Walk Over &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; They gathered under the pink walls of the Royal Oak Inn, then marched here to this gentle vale to claim their slice of new freedom.
Montgomerie Triumphs in Ryder Cup (AP) AP - Colin Montgomerie looked out of place only once Sunday at the Ryder Cup. During the closing ceremonies, he walked self-consciously onto the stage without a female companion.
Big Three Take Blame for U.S. Ryder Cup Debacle  BLOOMFIELD HILLS, Michigan (Reuters) - The worst U.S.  defeat in Ryder Cup history was dumped at the feet of the  team's leading three players, who buckled under the weight of  expectation and the force of a European juggernaut.
Cannabis chemical pregnancy link A cannabis-like chemical may be important for normal pregnancy, researchers believe.
Microsoft Shares More Source Code Trying to head off growing competition from open-source rivals, Microsoft is expanding a program to give government organizations access to some of its tightly guarded software blueprints.
This Hurricanes and insurance in Florida People who own something valuable, like a house, want to protect themselves against financial loss. Natural disasters like fire, storms or flooding can damage or destroy valuable possessions.
Hopkins #39; fight extends beyond ring LAS VEGAS - Bernard Hopkins, the 39-year-old boxing rebel without pause, not only continues to defy age but conventional fistic logic.
Allawi says Iraq economy, security needs resolving Iraq #39;s stagnant economy and lack of employment opportunities are feeding instability in the violence-torn country, hindering prospects for prosperity, Prime Minister Iyad Allawi said on Monday.
Iraqi group claims Kurds #39; beheading An Iraqi group said it killed three members of the Kurdistan Democratic Party (KDP), which cooperates with the Iraqi government, and posted a video tape on its web site of the apparent beheadings.
Iraqi militants behead three Kurdish hostages A videotape posted on a website linked to Iraqi militants shows the beheading of three hostages believed to be members of the Kurdistan Democratic party.
Hamas leader surfaces in Cairo to discuss Israel's withdrawal from Gaza (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - CAIRO, Egypt (AP) - Hamas leader Khaled Mashaal, who's kept a low profile since last month's twin suicide bombing in southern Israel, made a surprise visit to Egypt on Sunday, but he deflated Egyptian efforts to bring Palestinian factions together.
China's Jiang gives up top military post, completing handover of power to Hu (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - BEIJING (AP) - Hu Jintao became the undisputed leader of China as the country completed its first orderly transfer of power in the communist era Sunday with the departure of former president Jiang Zemin from his top military post - giving a new generation a freer hand to run the world's most populous nation.
High court rules against Air NZ-Qantas tie up The High Court at Auckland today ruled against the proposed tie-up of Air New Zealand and its Australian competitor Qantas. Air NZ and Qantas were appealing an earlier Commerce Commission ruling that blocked their proposed alliance.
Australia Incitec Considers US\$600M Brunei Ammonia JV -2- MELBOURNE (Dow Jones)--Australian fertilizer company Incitec Pivot Ltd. (IPL.AU) said Monday it is part of a group selected to complete a feasibility study into the construction of an ammonia and urea manufacturing complex in Brunei.
China Power Sets IPO Price Range, May Raise \$330 Mln (Update1) China Power International Development Ltd., a unit of China #39;s fifth-biggest electricity generator, plans to raise as much as HK\$2.
Sony agrees to partners #39; terms to reduce distribution fees in MGM NEW YORK - Sony Corp has conceded to demands from its consortium partners to reduce fees it would get from managing Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer Inc.
A September to remember SAN DIEGO -- So what if it #39;s only the Chargers following the Bengals, one perennial NFL nonentity after another? So what if the Chargers are mostly a one-man show?
China Power Transfer  #39;A Positive Step #39; Jiang, whose term was to have run until 2007, resigned at a meeting of the ruling Communist Partys Central Committee that ended yesterday.
Singapore issues bomb alert Singapore has issued another warning about terrorists #39; intentions to attack soft targets in the city-state following the deadly bombing of the Australian embassy in Jakarta, reports said today.
Sutton deserves plenty of blame for Americans #39; woes BLOOMFIELD TOWNSHIP, Mich. - Hal Sutton certainly has the ball coach schtick down pat. He can recruit talent, chew players out, pat them on the back and toss out one-liners with the best of them.
Youhana steers Pakistan to victory over India BIRMINGHAM, England (CMC) - Yousuf Youhana stroked an unbeaten half-century and helped Pakistan into the ICC Champions Trophy semi-finals with an edgy three-wicket win over India at Edgbaston yesterday.
5th-Round Draft Pick Gives Jets #39; Secondary Some Sizzle Six weeks ago, the rookie Erik Coleman hoped to make the Jets #39; roster on special teams. After a 34-28 victory over the Chargers on Sunday, the Jets are undefeated, and Coleman, now a starting safety, is a big reason.
Storm's Devastation Is Revealed, and a Mountain Hamlet Mourns The remnants of Hurricane Ivan set off a two-mile-long mudslide that left at least three dead and a North Carolina community devastated.
Tropical Storm Kills at Least 90 in Haiti GONAIVES, Haiti - Tropical Storm Jeanne brought raging floodwaters to Haiti, killing at least 90 people in the battered nation and leaving dozens of Haitian families huddled on rooftops as the storm pushed further out into the open seas on Sunday, officials said.    Floods tore through the northwestern coastal town of Gonaives and surrounding areas, covering crops and turning roads into rivers...
This Date in Baseball, Sept. 20 (AP) AP - 1902  #151; Chicago's Jim Callaghan tossed the White Sox's first no-hitter, beating Detroit 2-0.
Bush, Kerry Tentatively OK Three Debates (AP) AP - The campaigns of President Bush and Sen. John Kerry tentatively have agreed to a series of three debates that both sides hope will give them momentum in the closing weeks of the presidential election campaign, a person familiar with the debate negotiations said Sunday night.
Dollar Firmer Ahead of Fed Rate Decision  SYDNEY (Reuters) - The dollar made slight gains on Monday  as traders prepared for a U.S. Federal Reserve meeting this  week, where a rate rise is widely expected and the market will  be looking for signals on future policy intentions.
Qantas says it #39;s time to move on Qantas Airways chief executive Geoff Dixon today said it was time for the airline to move on now its proposed alliance with Air New Zealand had been rejected by the New Zealand High Court.
Investment needed to keep oil flowing, analysts suggest The spike in oil prices in recent months is stoking heated arguments between market players, who blame each other for the lack of production capacities that has been exposed by strong global demand.
Capital Radio, GWR May Create Bigger Competitor for Chrysalis Capital Radio Plc and GWR Group Plc #39;s merger discussions may enlarge the UK #39;s largest commercial radio broadcaster and create a bigger competitor for Chrysalis Group Plc and Emap Plc.
Consumer Goods: RFID Tops To-Do List In Consumer Goods Consumer goods companies #39; top tech projects have often served as harbingers of the next wave of must-have technologies. Enterprise-resource-planning and customer-relationship 
Bryant gets first win at Texas Open Bart Bryant shot a three-under 69 Sunday for a 19-under 261 total to capture his first career PGA Tour title at the Texas Open. Patrick Sheehan closed with a 66 to take second place at 19-under-par 261.
WOOLMER HAILS PAKISTAN SPIRIT Pakistan go into the last four of the ICC Champions Trophy after holding their nerve against Asian arch-rivals India at Edgbaston.
Iran rejects IAEA call,threatens to block checks TEHRAN - A defiant Iran yesterday rejected a resolution by the UN atomic watchdog calling for a halt to sensitive nuclear work and threatened to block tough inspections if the issue was referred to the Security Council.
Indonesian poll ends era Indonesians cast their ballots today in the country #39;s first democratic presidential election. The vote will cap months of polls and finally consign decades of dictatorship to history.
Australian govt plans counter-terror teams in Asia CANBERRA - Australia wants to base counter-terrorism teams in Southeast Asia, the government said on Monday as it traded blows with opposition Labor over the best way to wage the war on terror ahead of an Oct. 9 election.
Sharon tells army to prepare to leave Gaza under fire JERUSALEM: Prime Minister Ariel Sharon ordered the Israeli Army to prepare itself for an evacuation under fire from the Gaza Strip where a Palestinian militant was shot dead in a botched bombing Sunday.
Maoists abduct over 100 students and teachers in Nepal Kathmandu, Sept 19 (PTI) Suspected maoist rebels have abducted more than 100 students and teachers from three schools in western and eastern districts of Nepal over the weekend, media reports said today.
New Zealand court rules against Air NZ-Qantas alliance: airline AUCKLAND: National flag carrier Air New Zealand said it had lost a court bid to win approval for an alliance with its Australian competitor Qantas.
China urges US not to seek a limit to its textile exports China #39;s Commerce Minister Bo Xilai (  ) urged the US and other countries to live up to World Trade Organization agreements and refrain from seeking limits on Chinese textile exports when global quotas expire next year.
Search Is On At Amazon A9.com Inc., a subsidiary of Amazon.com Inc., last week launched a search site that will compete with Google, Microsoft, and Yahoo.
PeopleSoft Forges On; Oracle App Sales Down Less than two weeks after US District Judge Vaughn Walker gave Oracle an important victory over the Justice Department, PeopleSoft Inc.
Falcons keep heat on Bulger, RBs He #39;s a cool guy, a borderline lunatic, someone who can jam the hell out of a Strat. He #39;s got a temper that #39;s quicker than Michael Vick and spent some time last week talking football 
Iran dismisses UN watchdog #39;s demands as illegal #39; Iran said yesterday that demands from the UN atomic watchdog to freeze all uranium enrichment work that can be used for nuclear weapons were  quot;illegal, quot; but left open the possibility it was ready to negotiate on the issue.
* Extremists gain in the formerly communist east Germany #39;s mainstream political parties were sharply rebuffed yesterday when voters in two regional elections in formerly communist East Germany handed extremists their best results in years.
Dollar Firmer Ahead of Fed Rate Decision (Reuters) Reuters - The dollar made slight gains on Monday\as traders prepared for a U.S. Federal Reserve meeting this\week, where a rate rise is widely expected and the market will\be looking for signals on future policy intentions.
Asia Stocks, Oil Rise; Dollar Firm (Reuters) Reuters - Asian stocks were mostly higher on\Monday, led by electronics and telecoms firms, while oil\extended gains and the dollar edged up ahead of an expected\U.S. Federal Reserve interest rate rise on Tuesday.
AOL Launching New Online Shopping Site (AP) AP - America Online announced the launch of an online shopping site it says will provide and easy and fast way to compare products from thousands of online merchants.
Cards Honor Tillman The New England Patriots wins their 17th game in a row on Sunday, 23-12, over the Arizona Cardinals, but the day belonged to a fallen American patriot.
Defense Carries Dallas The Cowboys needed two things to avert an 0-2 start against the Browns on Sunday: defensive grit and the coaching of Bill Parcells.
Bush, Kerry Tentatively OK Three Debates NEW YORK - The campaigns of President Bush and Sen. John Kerry tentatively have agreed to a series of three debates that both sides hope will give them momentum in the closing weeks of the presidential election campaign, a person familiar with the debate negotiations said Sunday night...
New Zealand Court Rejects Air NZ-Qantas Alliance (Update3) Qantas Airways Ltd. #39;s proposed alliance with Air New Zealand Ltd. was rejected by New Zealand #39;s High Court, the latest blow in the carriers #39; two-year attempt to team up to cut costs 
Bill targets lawyers who file frivolous suits Lawyers who file frivolous lawsuits would be hit with financial penalties under legislation moving through Congress. Supporters say the bill would protect businesses from being threatened with lawsuits that have no merit.
German bank sues Barclays over losses HSH Nordbank was pursuing legal proceedings against Barclays to recoup losses on investments, a spokesperson for the German state-owned bank said yesterday.
Koizumi takes time out to throw ceremonial pitch at Yankees-Red &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; NEW YORK - Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi hurled a ceremonial first pitch at the game between the New York Yankees and the Boston Red Sox on Sunday, with Yankees outfielder Hideki Matsui serving as catcher.
Vick leads Falcons Over Rams Michael Vick lead Atlanta over the visiting St. Louis Rams at the Georgia Dome to a 34-17 win. The Falcons are now 2-0...and feeling good about both sides of the both.
Concert bomb blast injures 14 people A bomb exploded under a police car at a pop concert Sunday in southern Turkey, injuring at least 14 people, the prime minister #39;s office said.
Howard plans to create new police squads to tackle regional &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; TONY EASTLEY: As mentioned the Prime Minister is also in northern Australia and his focus is also on national security, although he #39;s under attack for his initial opposition to the Coalition #39;s \$600 family payment.
President Musharraf To Address UN General Assembly ISLAMABAD, Pakistan : Sep 20 (PID) - President General Pervez Musharraf is visiting New York from 19-24 September to attend the 59th session of the United Nations General Assembly.
Group Threatens to Kill Iraqi Soldiers -TV A hitherto unknown Islamist group has threatened to kill 18 captured Iraqi soldiers if authorities do not release an aide to Shi #39;ite rebel cleric Moqtada al-Sadr within 48 hours, Arab television Al Jazeera reported on Sunday.
Viruses Aimed at Microsoft Rise Sharply-Symantec  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - The number of new viruses and  worms aimed at Microsoft Corp.'s &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=MSFT.O qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;MSFT.O&lt;/A&gt; ubiquitous Windows  operating system rose 400 percent between January and June from  the same year-earlier period, leading computer security company  Symantec said on Sunday.
VMware aims to secure network sharing Releases beta software to protect company networks used by outside contractors and telecommuters.
First Enron Criminal Trial Begins Today After three postponements, the first criminal trial involving former energy giant Enron Corp. is finally scheduled to begin today in federal court in Houston.
Georgia Accuses Russia Of Air Space Violation Georgian Defense Minister Georgi Baramidze said in Tbilsi that a Russian aircraft crossed into the Georgian region of Shatili on 19 September, near the border with Chechnya.
Bryant Ends Drought, Wins Texas Open Bryant closed out the Texas Open with a 3-under 67 Sunday to claim his first PGA Tour victory by three strokes against Patrick Sheehan.
NFL Game Summary - Miami At Cincinnati Cincinnati, OH -- Shayne Graham booted a 39-yard field goal with two seconds left, leading the Cincinnati Bengals to a 16-13 victory over the Miami Dolphins.
Wistrom bottles up Buccaneers TAMPA, Fla. -- A half hour after helping the Seahawks hold onto a 10-6 victory over Tampa Bay yesterday, defensive end Grant Wistrom sat at his locker half-dressed, constantly swatting a steady drip of sweat 
Call to expand UN council gains momentum: Assembly split over &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; UNITED NATIONS, Sept 19: As the UN General Assembly began its 59th session, calls for the reform and expansion of the UN Security Council have gained new momentum with more nations staking 
3 Pakistanis left at Guantanamo WASHINGTON, Sept 19: With the transfer of 35 prisoners to Pakistan on Saturday, only three Pakistani prisoners have been left at the US Navy #39;s prison facility at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba.
Call for Speakers - Search Engine Strategies Stockholm Do you have a compelling search marketing success story? Here's an opportunity to tell your story at the upcoming Search Engine Strategies conference in Stockholm. 
AOL Rings Up New Shopping Service (Reuters) Reuters - America Online, the world's largest\Internet service provider on Monday launched an overhauled\online shopping center it hopes will help it keep pace with\competitive offerings by Yahoo Inc., Google Inc.\ and Shopping.com, executives said.
Viruses Aimed at Microsoft Rise Sharply-Symantec (Reuters) Reuters - The number of new viruses and\worms aimed at Microsoft Corp.'s  ubiquitous Windows\operating system rose 400 percent between January and June from\the same year-earlier period, leading computer security company\Symantec said on Sunday.
NFL Wrap: -Manning Wins MVP Battle as Colts Overcome Titans  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Peyton Manning threw for 254 yards and  two touchdowns to win his showdown with fellow co-MVP Steve  McNair as the Indianapolis Colts beat the Tennessee Titans  31-17 in National Football League play at Nashville Sunday.
AOL Rings Up New Shopping Service  NEW YORK (Reuters) - America Online, the world's largest  Internet service provider on Monday launched an overhauled  online shopping center it hopes will help it keep pace with  competitive offerings by Yahoo Inc.&lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=YHOO.O qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;YHOO.O&lt;/A&gt;, Google Inc.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=GOOG.O qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;GOOG.O&lt;/A&gt; and Shopping.com, executives said.
Qantas rules out Air NZ alliance appeal Qantas has decided that it will not appeal against a New Zealand High Court decision stopping it from forming an alliance with Air New Zealand.
Enron Trial to Shine Light on Wall Street A criminal trial scheduled to start Monday involving former Enron Corp. executives may shine a rare and potentially harsh spotlight on the inner workings 
Barclays Capital sued for 50m over bond loss claims Barclays Capital, the investment banking arm of the UK banking giant, is being sued over claims it failed to properly manage a portfolio of bonds.
Steps to curb Chinese growth  #39;working #39; China #39;s efforts to slow economic growth by reining in investment in industries such as steel and cement were working, said vice-premier Huang Ju, suggesting further measures, such as an interest rate rise, might be unnecessary.
A Firefox in Internet Explorer #39;s Henhouse When was the last time you heard about the browser wars? Well, they #39;re back. The reason: For the first time in more than seven years, Microsoft is losing Web browser market share.
Eight Georgians Abducted In Georgian Breakaway Region: Police TBILISI (AFP) - Armed men abducted eight Georgian civilians in Georgia #39;s breakaway region of South Ossetia, an area that last month saw fighting between Tbilisi and Ossetian forces, police said.
Judge Orders Microsoft to Pay \$112 Million SAN FRANCISCO -- A judge is ordering Microsoft Corp. to pay \$112.5 million to attorneys who successfully sued the software maker for monopolizing a segment of California #39;s market.
Bonds drills 700th career homer SAN FRANCISCO: Baseballer Barry Bonds hit his 700th career home run today when drilling a pitch from Jake Peavy into the left field seats in the third inning against the San Diego Padres.
Bengals 16, Dolphins 13 Until the closing minutes, Carson Palmer and AJ Feeley played like rookies, letting a ragged game come down to one play. Chad Johnson made it.
Colts vs. Titans capsule Players to watch: Steve McNair has completed 67.3 percent of his passes with five TD passes and zero interceptions in four starts vs.
Al-Qaeda Group Vows to Kill Hostages From US, UK (Update2) An Iraqi group linked to al-Qaeda threatened to kill three Western hostages within 48 hours unless Iraqi women prisoners are freed.
S #39;pore eyes Islamic banking pie SINGAPORE intends to promote Islamic banking products to expand its reputation as a financial hub, and will collaborate with countries such as Malaysia and Brunei in this area.
100 students, teachers abducted in Nepal over weekend Suspected Maoist rebels have abducted more than 100 students and teachers from three schools in western and eastern districts of Nepal over the weekend, media reports said on Sunday.
Sun's Loiacono Outlines Solaris Road Map (Ziff Davis) Ziff Davis - In an eWEEK interview, the Sun exec says he sees Solaris, Linux, Java and even Windows coexisting.
PeopleSoft Tool Maps Integrations (Ziff Davis) Ziff Davis - PeopleSoft continues on the upgrade path despite the threat of a takeover by Oracle.
Yukos Cuts China National Petroleum #39;s Oil Supplies (Update1) OAO Yukos Oil Co., Russia #39;s biggest oil exporter, will lower crude-oil deliveries to China National Petroleum Corp. this month and supply no oil in October because the Russian company 
Justice vs. Tobacco: Ready to Rumble On Sept. 21 a landmark trial will begin. At stake is no less than \$280 billion in what the feds claim is ill-gotten profits. As an industry, tobacco is no stranger to the courts.
FTC Cool to Spam Bounty Hunters A bounty system for catching spammers would need to offer whistleblowers rewards of \$100,000 to \$250,000 to be effective, the Federal Trade Commission said.
Sports Digest SAN ANTONIO - Bart Bryant won his first PGA Tour title yesterday, closing with a 3-under-par 67 for a three-stroke victory over Patrick Sheehan at the Texas Open.
Windies into semis Ricardo Powell lasted just ten balls yesterday at London #39;s Brit Oval and his name will not figure among the inning #39;s top scorers.
Giants: How they won WHY IT HAPPENED Tom Coughlin won his first game as Giants coach and immediately announced a fine amnesty for all Giants. Just kidding.
Packers confident they will recover Not even the Chicago Bears, the Green Bay Packers #39; favorite rented mule, red-headed stepchild, and whipping boy rolled into one.
German fringe parties make gains Parties on the far right and left made gains in two state elections Sunday in Germany, with voters delivering a rebuke to Chancellor Gerhard Schroeder #39;s Social Democrats as he tries to rein in German welfare programs.
Eight Georgians abducted in Georgian breakaway region: police TBILISI : Armed men abducted eight Georgian civilians in Georgia #39;s breakaway region of South Ossetia, an area that last month saw fighting between Tbilisi and Ossetian forces, police said.
Canadian Scientist Introduces the  quot;Nose as Mouse quot; At long last, the noses of computer users have a purpose beyond holding up eyeglasses and balancing spoons. Thanks to a Canadian scientist, now you can use your nose to control your computer.
Bring A Chair: Panic Room Filling Up Fast It was hard to tell Sunday who was the biggest deer in the headlights - Chris Simms, the new Bucs quarterback, for now; or Jon Gruden, who threw him to the Seahawks.
Latham hits out at  #39;clumsy #39; security MARK Latham has stepped up his attack on the Howard Government #39;s approach to national security, calling it  quot;clumsy quot; and  quot;high-risk quot; and saying it showed no lessons were learned from the Iraq war.
US hostage wife pleads for mercy BBC, London, September 19: The wife of an American taken hostage with two others in Baghdad has appealed on television for their release.
Producer: Melanie Yip Russian President Vladimir Putin has admitted failings on the part of Russian Security Services. This, following last week #39;s school hostage crisis in the southern Russian town of Beslan.
Open letter to the IPC Taiwan first lady Wu Shu-hen (  ) has demonstrated outstanding strength in the past few days in standing up to protect the nation #39;s dignity and integrity.
India PM due to meet Tony Blair Manmohan Singh kicks off his eight-day foreign trip with a meeting with Tony Blair in London.
Bush, Kerry Tentatively OK Three Debates NEW YORK - The campaigns of President Bush and Sen. John Kerry are working on the final details for a series of presidential debates set to begin at the end of the month...
Era of nose-steered Web surfing system arrives Has the era of hands-free Web surfing arrived? Dmitry Gorodnichy, an inventor from the Institute of Information Technology in Ottawa, has developed a computer navigation system that relies on the movements of a users nose to direct a cursor.
Izenberg: Patience pays off for Hopkins There was no mystery ... no secret strategy ... no baited trap that snapped shut and changed the course of history #39;s most lucrative non-heavyweight fight.
Busch sweeps Loudon: No. 19 takes lead in Nextel Cup Kurt Busch claimed a stake in the points lead in the NASCAR Chase for the Nextel Cup yesterday, winning the Sylvania 300 at New Hampshire International Speedway.
Rwandan priest to be tried for alleged role in 1994 genocide (AFP) AFP - The landmark trial of a Rwandan Roman Catholic priest accused of supervising the massacre of 2,000 of his Tutsi parishioners during the central African country's 1994 genocide opens at a UN court in Tanzania.
Indonesia's Megawati faces former general in landmark presidential polls (AFP) AFP - From the remote jungles of Papua to the high rises of Jakarta, Indonesia was staging landmark elections widely expected to see a former general unseat President Megawati Sukarnoputri.
Court ditches Qantas-Air NZ deal New Zealand's High Court halts attempts by Qantas and Air New Zealand to work together against low-cost carriers.
Executives Say MCI Is Looking for Buyers MCI, the troubled telecommunications company, has quietly begun shopping itself to potential buyers, executives involved in the sale process said.
Sun Looks to Wall Street in a Comeback Bid Long given up for dead (or dying), Sun is turning its own business on its head by offering to integrate many different systems.
Attacks on Windows PC's Grew in First Half of 2004 A survey of Internet vulnerabilities shows a sharp jump in attacks on Windows-based personal computers and a marked increase in commercially motivated threats.
A Music Download Site for Artists Less Known eMusic is launching a revamped music download service that carries only music from independent labels.
THE MOTLEY FOOL Q: I know you recommend index funds over most other mutual funds. But there #39;s no index fund available in my 401(k) plan. What can I do?
US blown out after worst Ryder Cup ever In the end Sunday, there was no chance. Just time enough for a last stand at the Ryder Cup that was often determined, occasionally loud, but completely futile.
Yankees extend lead in AL East The New York Yankees battered Pedro Martinez, chasing Boston out of town with their second rout in a row. Gary Sheffield, Derek Jeter and Jorge Posada 
Colts down Titans in divisional clash CBC SPORTS ONLINE - Edgerrin James rushed for 124 yards and scored a pair of fourth-quarter touchdowns Sunday to lift the Indianapolis Colts to a 31-17 victory over the Tennessee Titans.
Brown TD return tempered by injury to key defender GREEN BAY, WIS. - Lovie Smith did not take long to fulfill his No. 1 goal of beating Green Bay. But the man who helped him do it wasn #39;t around afterward to celebrate.
Brooks, Stallworth get it done late NEW ORLEANS - The New Orleans Saints dodged a hurricane and the San Francisco 49ers and survived the loss of their biggest offensive weapon - Deuce McAllister.
Iraq PM Adamant Jan. Election Will Be Held Iraqi Prime Minister Iyad Allawi said Sunday elections would be held on schedule in January despite a surge in violence and more than a score of hostages under threat of death from insurgents.
Mello breaks through in Florida Brazilian tennis player Ricardo Mello has upset top seed Vince Spadea to win the hard court event in Delray Beach, Florida. Mello made his first appearance in an ATP final a memorable one, defeating the American 7-6 (7/2), 6-3.
Yukos Cuts China National Petroleum #39;s Oil Supplies (Update2) OAO Yukos Oil Co., Russia #39;s biggest oil exporter, will cut deliveries to China #39;s biggest oil company next month after a government freeze on its bank accounts prevented it from paying railway bills.
West Indies enter Champions Trophy semi-finals Ramnaresh Sarwan, Shivnarine Chanderpaul and Brian Lara Sunday scored in contrasting style to guide the West Indies to a five-wicket win over South Africa and into the semi-finals of the Champions Trophy.
Indonesia polls open Indonesia has been staging landmark elections widely expected to see a former general unseat President Megawati Sukarnoputri. Megawati faces her former security minister Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono in the presidential 
US Airways' Woes Reflect Industry Issues Washington investors have just two more days to exorcise their investment in US Airways before shares of the Arlington airline are exiled to the land of the living dead.
Yukos suspends shipments to China Oil giant Yukos says it is halting two-thirds of its 150,000 barrel a day exports to China because of its financial troubles.
Yukos suspends shipments to China Oil giant Yukos is halting two-thirds of its exports to China because of its financial troubles, a move which could raise oil prices.
In Ethnic Tinderbox, Fear of Revenge for School Killings Ethnic Ingush in Kartsa, Russia, wait in fear for possible reprisals after the mass killings in Beslan.
Qantas not to appeal NZ decision on Air NZ alliance SYDNEY: Qantas Airways Ltd today it would not appeal a New Zealand court decision that knocked back a proposed alliance with Air New Zealand Ltd.
Samsung expects to see  #39;05 chip growth halved Annual global semiconductor sales growth will probably fall by half in 2005 and memory chip sales could collapse as a supply glut saps prices, world-leading memory chip maker Samsung Electronics said on Monday.
Sasser writer gets a job THE GERMAN teenager who wrote the Sasser worm is being trained as a security software programmer and given a job. Sven Jaschan, 18, has been taken on by the Securepoint computer outfit in northern Germany.
Ancient Man Spread The Love Around Men have always slept around and new research suggests primitive man traveled far from home to do it. Scientists have been looking into ancient sexual dalliances and human migration patterns by virtue of the 
Roger Clemens wins his sixth straight start as Astros beat Brewers &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Roger Clemens could scarcely contain his glee, practically skipping off the mound and pumping his fist after his final strikeout of the night.
Dollar Advances on Outlook for Federal Reserve Rate Increases The dollar rose against the yen and the euro in London on expectations the Federal Reserve will lift interest rates tomorrow and signal it plans further increases.
Disappointed Qantas wants to  quot;move on quot; after NZ alliance rejected SYDNEY: Australian flag-carrier Qantas said it was disappointed a proposed alliance with Air New Zealand had been rejected by New Zealand #39;s High Court but ruled out appealing the decision.
Samsung sees chip sales slowing Growth in chip sales is set to halve next year due to a glut in the market, Korean chipmaker Samsung has warned. The firm said memory chips were in for a slowdown, with prices for flash memory set to fall as much as 40 in the three months to September.
Hynix Probed for Insider Trading Prosecutors have widened a probe into Hynix Semiconductor on suspicion of illegally channeling funds to several of its affiliates via rigging of its accounting books in 1999.
US Airways may ask court for pay relief - WSJ Struggling air carrier US Airways (UAIRQ.OQ: Quote, Profile, Research) may petition a bankruptcy court to impose temporary concessions on its unionized workers in the event they fail to agree quickly enough to cost savings 
AOL Rings Up New Shopping Service America Online, the world #39;s largest Internet service provider on Monday launched an overhauled online shopping center it hopes will help it keep pace with competitive offerings by Yahoo Inc.
EYE ON POLITICS: Granholm #39;s bid to collect taxes earlier could get &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The governor #39;s plan to move up county tax collections next year could unravel what was supposed to be a smooth, noncombative wrap-up of a new state budget.
PeopleSoft Forges Ahead With Product Plans At Connect conference, customers will hear about the progress of its Total Cost of Ownership initiative, as well as upgrades to its HR and JD Edwards #39; manufacturing software.
Microsoft Gives Government Access to Office 2003 Code (Update1) Microsoft Corp., the world #39;s biggest software company, said it will make the source code for its Office 2003 software available as part of a government security program.
Nokia pulls out, Sony Ericsson goes in STRANGE. THE DAY after Sony Ericsson announces it has done a deal with the Financial Times (FT) to offer content via its portal, Nokia says it is reigning back its own portal, Club Nokia.
British police arrest  #39;Cisco kid #39; INSPECTOR Hacker of the Yard has fingered the collar of a UK man suspected of stealing source code from Cisco Systems in May. Cyber plods from the Metropolitan Police Computer Crime Unit swooped on houses 
Boxers on opposite paths LAS VEGAS  Bernard Hopkins #39; future seems certain, full of big fights and bigger paydays. The future is less clear for Oscar De La Hoya.
Bryant earns 1st victory on PGA Tour Bryant closed out the Texas Open with a 3-under 67 on Sunday to claim his first PGA Tour victory by 3 strokes over Patrick Sheehan.
Order to stop nuclear activities angers Iran TEHRAN - Iran reacted yesterday with defiance to a resolution from the UN #39;s atomic watchdog, rejecting calls to halt sensitive nuclear activities and threatening to block tough inspections if the issue was referred to the Security Council.
Leaders brief parties on talks Some of Northern Ireland #39;s political leaders are to brief party members after talks to restore devolved government ended without a deal.
PM, Bush will look to deepen  #39;strategic partnership #39; Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and American President George W Bush will discuss a wide range of bilateral and international issues, including the need for the world community 
France investigates airport gaffe France launches an inquiry  into how airport police lost plastic explosives they hid in a passenger's luggage.
Pakistan, India Leaders to Meet Sept. 24 in U.S. (Reuters) Reuters - A much-anticipated first meeting\between South Asia's rivals, Pakistan President Pervez\Musharraf and Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh, will be\held on Sept. 24 in New York, a Pakistani official said on\Monday.
Adultery Law Reveals Rifts in Turkey (AP) AP - On one hand there is the European Union, demanding Turkey reform its criminal code. On the other, a powerful group of conservative Muslims who insist such changes should include criminalizing adultery.
Canyon Holds Ancient Civilization Secrets (AP) AP - The newly discovered ruins of an ancient civilization in this remote eastern Utah canyon could reveal secrets about the descendants of the continent's original Paleo-Indians who showed up before the time of Christ to settle much of present-day Utah.
Pakistan, India Leaders to Meet Sept. 24 in U.S.  ISLAMABAD (Reuters) - A much-anticipated first meeting  between South Asia's rivals, Pakistan President Pervez  Musharraf and Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh, will be  held on Sept. 24 in New York, a Pakistani official said on  Monday.
Howard pledges anti-terror squad Australian prime minister John Howard proposes an anti-terror force which could be deployed elsewhere in Asia.
SUSAN TOMPOR: Low interest rates begin to fade away Ok, so most consumer prices barely budged in August. Inflation is far from a threat now. And things, especially in Michigan, aren #39;t exactly smoking.
Hutchison Telecom IPO to raise up to \$US1.13bn Hutchison Telecommunications International, the mainly emerging market telecom assets owned by conglomerate Hutchison Whampoa, had set a price range that could see its initial public offering raise up to \$US1.
General Motors Won #39;t Hire Bernhard as an Executive, Lutz Says General Motors Corp., the world #39;s largest automaker, has no plans to name former DaimlerChrysler AG executive Wolfgang Bernhard to a senior post, Vice Chairman Robert Lutz said.
Viewpoint: School finance deadline unrealistic State District Judge John Dietz declared Texas #39; public school funding system unconstitutional last Wednesday. Dietz said the \$30 billion funneled into public schools each year by the state is inadequate to foot the educational bill.
Microsoft liberates more code OPEN SOURCE champion Microsoft is expanding its programme to give government organisations some of its source code. In a communique from the lair of the Vole, in Redmond, spinsters have said that Microsoft 
Offense shouldn #39;t be trusted Jacksonville, Fla. - Mike Shanahan blew it. All the heartbreak, all the cursing and all the regret resulting from a shocking 7-6 loss to Jacksonville could have been avoided with better judgment by the Broncos.
Senators ask for Bush to rethink Iraq policies Senators from both major US political parties urged the Bush administration to face the reality of the situation in Iraq and change its occupation policies.
Tibet remains true to Buddhism Ribbons of color, streaming against cobalt skies: Every house, every mountain pass, every monastery in Tibet bears fluttering flags known as r #39;ung r #39;ta,  quot;wind horses, quot; upon whose colorful fabrics prayers are written.
First Enron Criminal Case Set for Trial Nearly three years after Enron Corp. #39;s dramatic collapse into bankruptcy, the first criminal trial against the disgraced energy company #39;s former employees is set to kick off on Monday.
Ivan #39;s cost may fall as it misses Big Easy Hurricane Ivan may cost insurers less than first estimated after the third storm to hit the United States in six weeks skirted New Orleans.
Sutton strikes out as Ryder Cup captain BLOOMFIELD TOWNSHIP, Mich.Former US Ryder Cup captain Curtis Strange was criticized in 2002 for holding his best players out until the final Sunday singles matches.
Thorburn: Broncos revert to exhibition form on offense Not just the one Denver #39;s placekicker never got to try. Don #39;t forget about that 52-yard attempt with 31 seconds left in the third quarter, which also would have given the Broncos the 9-7 lead they needed for 
Garcia, offense can #39;t recover They suffered through a rough start against Baltimore in the season opener a week ago, but because they hung in there and just kept grinding away, things gradually 
Iran says uranium ban illegal, dismisses sanctions Iran yesterday denounced as  quot;illegal quot; demands from the UN atomic-watchdog agency that it freeze all work on uranium enrichment, a technology that can be used for nuclear weapons.
Spam Slayer: New Tools Fight Phishing Scams Swindlers combine spam with hoax sites to try to rip off your personal data.
AOL #39;s True Believers Wall Street is down on AOL Time Warner -- and worried about its moguls. Yet deeper in the ranks, a cadre of executives is working hard to bring the troubled colossus to life.
Housekeeper Advocates For Changes That #39;s the hardest part of cleaning a room at the Renaissance Mayflower hotel in downtown Washington, where she is a housekeeper, so she does it first.
Sylvania 300 notebook: Gordon stirs up Nextel chase LOUDON, NH -- One driver not in the Chase for the NASCAR Nextel Cup found a way to get himself some exposure as the Chase kicked off Sunday at New Hampshire International Speedway.
Jacksonville #39;s Spicer breaks leg against Denver Jaguars defensive end Paul Spicer broke his right leg against the Denver Broncos on Sunday and could be out for the season. Spicer had to be carted off the field late in the third quarter after he cut inside 
Ravens enraged by Porter #39;s  #39;cheap #39; hit The Baltimore Ravens won #39;t soon forget the hit Pittsburgh linebacker Joey Porter leveled on injured tight end Todd Heap during the second quarter of yesterday #39;s 30-13 rout of the Steelers.
Souness wins first league match as Newcastle manager Newcastle manager Graeme Souness won his first league match in charge Sunday in a 2-1 victory over his former club Southampton. Steve Carr scored the winner in the 57th minute with a 30-yard 
Solberg waits for the breaks World Champion Petter Solberg has promised Sebastien Loeb  quot;a hell of a fight quot; for victory in this weekend #39;s Wales Rally GB.
Hu Becomes China #39;s New Military Leader BEIJING Sept. 20, 2004 - President Hu Jintao #39;s new status as commander of China #39;s military should strengthen efforts to fight corruption and control a surging economy, forcing resistant lower-level officials 
Iraqi leader survives 4  #39;hits #39; Cairo - Iraqi Prime Minister Iyad Allawi revealed on Monday he had escaped four attempts on his life since his interim government took over from the United States-led occupation forces almost three months ago.
Hamas fire rocket into settlement A ROCKET fired by Palestinian militants from the Gaza Strip landed in the southern Israeli town of Sderot today but did not cause any injuries, military sources said.
Californians to Vote on Spending \$3 Billion on Stem Cell Research California, in an act of rebellion against the White House, may be on the verge of spending \$300 million a year in each of the next 10 years on stem cell research.
Banks report increase in suspicious activities, new survey &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; TORONTO (CP) - Two-thirds of banks around the world have reported an increase in the volume of suspicious activities that they report to police, a new report by KPMG suggests.
Feds Say No to Mayor #39;s Gas Tax Request The Federal Government says the big-city mayors request for a share of the federal gas tax revenues is too rich. Over the weekend, the mayors from Canada #39;s 10 biggest cities, including Ottawa, said they #39;re 
Final Results of German Saxony, Brandenburg Elections (Table) Following are tables showing the provisional final results of yesterday #39;s regional elections in the eastern German states of Saxony and Brandenburg.
Russia criticizes  quot;double standards quot; in combating terrorism Russian President Vladimir Putin has recently said the double standards in dealing with terrorism are  quot;disastrous for global security  quot; and  quot;the indulgent and 
Cuba frees dissident journalist Cuba releases a journalist jailed in a dissident crackdown, the seventh prisoner freed in a week.
Australian PM plans anti-terror flying squads, threatens overseas strikes (AFP) AFP - Prime Minister John Howard unveiled a plan for  quot;flying squads quot; of police to stop terrorist attacks in the region, stressing he would not hesitate to order a pre-emptive strike overseas if needed to protect Australia.
Militants Behead Three in Afghan South - Official  SPIN BOLDAK, Afghanistan (Reuters) - Suspected Taliban  militants beheaded three Afghan soldiers in the troubled  southern province of Zabul over the weekend in the latest  pre-election violence, an official said Monday.
Two Episodes of Banana Republicanism As a lifelong resident of Louisiana, the U.S. state that gave us  Huey Long and  David Duke, I have always  taken comfort in the fact that my home state is an island  of insanity in a country that mostly gets it right.    But lately I recognize some disturbingly familiar trends on  the national scene.  Listen if you will to the tale of two  elections, and decide for yourself if the USA as a whole is  turning into Louisiana.
Net security threats growing fast Tens of thousands of Windows PCs are being hijacked daily to spread spam and viruses, a study shows.
Samsung sees chip sales slowing Samsung says a glut of semiconductors on the market will bring prices down and slow growth in 2005.
All eyes are on US Fed meeting Tomorrow #39;s US Federal Reserve meeting will likely dominate markets this week as investors look for clues about economic strength and the pace of interest rate hikes.
Unilever Profits Caution Hits Shares Unilever shares fell sharply after the household products giant issued a warning over its profits for 2004. The Anglo-Dutch food-to-detergents group admitted that its leading brands #39; performance in the third quarter would be below that of the second.
Asian Stocks Gain, Led by Aluminum Corp.; BHP, Rio Tinto Climb Asian stocks rose after comments by Vice Premier Huang Ju increased optimism that China won #39;t adopt new measures to slow economic growth.
US Stock-Index Futures Are Little Changed; Citigroup, GE Slip US stock-index futures were little changed. Dow Jones Industrial Average shares including General Electric Co. slipped in Europe. Citigroup Inc.
A nice change in Ottawa Speaking recently at the Calgary Chamber of Commerce, new Environment Minister Stephane Dion seemed to support a more science-based approach to environmental policy-making when he said,  quot;We need better science.
Oprah Winfrey #39;s car giveaway entices viewers to Pontiac cars New York: Talk show queen Oprah Winfrey #39;s latest give away in which she gifted 276 Pontiac cars to the audience,to mark the beginning of season 19 of her show has not only increased traffic on Oprah #39;s official website but has also enticed viewers to 
Haiti Storm Jeanne Floods Toll Rises To 100 Port-u-Prince, Sept. 20 (NNN): Nearly 100 people in Haiti have died due to devastating floods in the wake of tropical storm Jeanne, which swept through the Caribbean in recent days.
Hostages in Iraq Face Death as Deadline Nears (Reuters) Reuters - A deadline set by militants who have\threatened to behead two Americans and a Briton seized in Iraq\was due to expire Monday, and more than two dozen other\hostages were also facing death unless rebel demands were met.
Unilever shares fall on warning Shares in Unilever fall after the Anglo-Dutch consumer goods giant issued a surprise profits warning.
Gel may 'replace pills and jabs' It may soon be possible to take medication in a gel form rather than having to swallow a tablet.
Field Goal Puts Bengals Over Miami 16-13 CINCINNATI - Chad Johnson wriggled open for a 20-yard catch that put the Cincinnati Bengals in range for Shayne Graham's 39-yard field goal and a 16-13 victory over the Miami Dolphins on Sunday night.    Graham's kick with 2 seconds left completed Carson Palmer's first game-winning drive, a modest achievement on a night in which neither inexperienced quarterback did much...
HK stocks dip on caution before US rate decision Hong Kong #39;s leading stocks reversed course and were down 0.20 percent by midday as investors took profits ahead of a US interest rate announcement later in the week, when a rate rise is widely anticipated, analysts said.
Time Warner unit unveils  quot;Pinpoint Shopping quot; NEW YORK (CBS.MW) - America Online on Monday unveiled a new service under its inStore brand that offers shoppers the ability to quickly compare features and prices of rival products.
S. Korea to Secure 600-800 Mil. Barrels of Oil From Kazakhstan Energy-poor South Korea is expected to raise its energy independency as the government has agreed to join oil field and uranium development projects in Kazakhstan.
Viruses Aimed at Microsoft Rise Sharply-Symantec The number of new viruses and worms aimed at Microsoft Corp. #39;s (MSFT.O: Quote, Profile, Research) ubiquitous Windows operating system rose 400 percent between January and June from the same year-earlier period, leading computer 
Oprah #39;s auto giveaway fuels Web spike com September 17, 2004, 9:32 AM PT. There #39;s no doubt the Internet will continue to make its mark in the world of business and technology.
Eleven charged in software counterfeiting case Prosecutors have charged 11 people in California, Texas and Washington state with conspiring to distribute more than \$30 million of counterfeit computer software and products.
Yahoo! takes two-pronged approach to digital music Yahoo! is planning to launch its own online music service later this year, despite its \$160m purchase of Musicmatch announced this week, according to music industry sources.
No question who won Hopkins-De La Hoya Thank goodness for Bernard Hopkins #39; left hand. _Not that I was_particularly rooting for either fighter when Hopkins clashed with Oscar De La Hoya on Saturday night,_but that vicious left 
Youhana sidelined India A magnificent unbeaten 81 from Yousuf Youhana and a devastating late cameo from Shahid Afridi made all the difference as Pakistan held their nerve to win a thrilling encounter at Edgbaston.
Han birdie beats Kane in playoff PORTLAND, ORE. - Hee-Won Han made a four-foot birdie putt on the first playoff hole to beat Lorie Kane and win the Safeway Classic on Sunday.
Magpies lead at St Mary #39;s Alan Shearer was credited with the stoppage time goal that gave Newcastle an interval lead in Graeme Souness first outing as Toon Army chief but even the goal-hungry England striker will have a tough job persuading anybody it was not an own-goal 
Skins Cough one up for Tom One more loss and the Giants would set a franchise record with 10 straight. One more fine by Tom Coughlin before he even picked up his first victory and the Giants would be on the verge of revolt.
Storm kills dozens in Haiti At least 50 people have died and 150 are missing in Haiti after tropical storm Jeanne swept across the island of Hispaniola, a UN spokesman says .
Taiwan Stocks Close Higher Taiwan #39;s shares ended higher Monday, with traditional stocks gaining following the transfer of military leadership in rival China to its president, Hu Jintao, analysts said.
Iraqi PM says he has escaped four assassination bids CAIRO : Iraqi Prime Minister Iyad Allawi revealed he had escaped four attempts on his life since his interim government took over from the US-led occupation forces almost three months ago.
Britain appeals for hostage help The Foreign Office has appealed on Al Arabiya television for any information from Iraqis on Kenneth Bigley, a British engineer taken hostage with two Americans last week.
Unions rally resistance at Jaguar Unions hold emergency meetings with workers at Jaguar's doomed Browns Lane plant in Coventry to fight closure plans.
Unilever warns on profits Food and consumer goods giant Unilever has shocked investors by reining in expectations for full-year profit growth to under five percent due to stiff competitor pressure and poor weather.
UPDATE 2-Hutchison telecom unit markets US\$1 bln IPO Hutchison Telecommunications International Ltd. (HTIL), part of Hong Kong #39;s Hutchison Whampoa Ltd., on Monday began marketing a scaled-down IPO worth up to HK\$8.
Money laundering on rise, poll finds Two-thirds of banks around the world have reported an increase in the volume of suspicious activities they report to police, a report by KPMG suggests.
Inside look at Wall St. A criminal trial scheduled to start today involving former Enron execs could shine a rare and potentially harsh spotlight on the inner workings of the investment banking business on Wall Street.
Alitalia shares up as deal struck Shares in Alitalia gained over 5.0 percent Monday after the state-controlled airline clinched a final union agreement over job and wage cuts, clearing a key obstacle to its turnaround plan.
UK Aug. Mortgage Lending Weakest Since June 2002, BBA Says UK mortgage lending rose at the slowest pace in more than two years in August, the British Bankers #39; Association said, adding to signs that five interest rate increases since November are cooling the housing market.
Attacks on Windows PC #39;s Grew in First Half of 2004 A survey of Internet vulnerabilities to be released Monday shows a sharp jump in attacks on Windows-based personal computers during the first six months of 2004, along 
UK police arrest Cisco source code suspect UK police have arrested a man on suspicion of stealing source code from networking giant Cisco. The 20 year-old was arrested following Metropolitan Police Computer Crime Unit raids in Manchester and Derbyshire on 3 September.
Net virus turf war resumes after rival #39;s arrest A new virus outbreak emerged on Thursday that packs a baffling message: a photograph of accused German virus author Sven Jaschan that security officials believe to be 
Pakistan can go all the way through: Inzamam Birmingham: Pakistan captain Inzamam-ul-Haq said his team would try its best to go all the way in the ICC Champions Trophy after beating India in the group C league game.
Time to cool your Jets SAN DIEGO - Okay, Jets fans. I know you #39;re excited about the team #39;s 2-0 start - the best ever under Herman Edwards. I know you #39;re ready to start booking reservations for the Super Bowl.
Two crucial series of events help Ravens regain form BALTIMORE - At the end of the year, when the Baltimore Ravens evaluate their season, they will not focus on -r even remember  - first-half scoring drives in the second game of the season against the Pittsburgh Steelers.
Picks and kicks IRVING, Texas - Most football teams don #39;t get chances like the Browns had yesterday in a month, let alone in one afternoon. The Browns wasted field position, squandered takeaways, and as happened many times 
Storm Jeanne death toll at 100 GONAVES, HaitiTropical storm Jeanne swept northern Haiti with flash floods, killing at least 90 people and leaving dozens of families huddled on rooftops before pushing into the Atlantic east of the Bahamas, officials said.
Software pirates arrested The largest seizure of counterfeit Microsoft software and components ever - some \$80 million worth - along with the indictments of 11 people suspected of being involved in the piracy is being credited to a two-year investigation undertaken in a 
Hurricanes may have upset NASA #39;s schedule Hurricanes Charley, Frances and Ivan have cost NASA a least a week #39;s worth of work and upset its tight schedule for resuming shuttle flights, throwing into doubt the 
Economist Manmohan gets politically savvy! His credentials as an economist and as a Finance minister were never in doubt, but now it appears that Indian Prime Minister Dr Manmohan Singh is becoming politically consummate as the representative of a billion plus people residing in a single country.
Pakistan will oppose India for permanent UNSC seat NEW YORK: Pakistan will strongly oppose Indias bid to become a permanent member of the United Nations Security Council (UNSC), Pakistans permanent representative to the UN Munir Akram told a group of Pakistani journalists on Saturday.
Court ditches Qantas-Air NZ deal A planned tie-up between Australia #39;s Qantas and Air New Zealand has been thrown out by New Zealand #39;s High Court. The decision ends a two-year effort by the airlines to fight off low-cost carriers by combining forces.
Unilever shares fall on warning Unilever shares have fallen 5.7 after the Anglo-Dutch consumer goods giant issued a surprise profits warning. Unilever said sales of ice cream and its tea drinks were  quot;substantially lower quot; in July and August due to very poor weather in northern Europe.
Prosecutors probe alleged accounting fraud by Hynix Semiconductor SEOUL: South Korean prosecutors said that Hynix Semiconductor is being investigated in connection with an alleged accounting fraud involving 1.7 billion dollars.
Vietnam Airlines takes delivery of new Boeing 777 HANOI : Vietnam Airlines took delivery of a brand new Boeing 777-200ER, the final aircraft of a four-jet deal guaranteed by the official US export credit agency the Export-Import Bank.
Return to Flight on Track Despite Setbacks NASA (news - web sites) is making progress in its return to flight efforts, despite suffering setbacks from a recent rash of hurricanes that have pummeled the nation #39;s space coast, according to the task force overseeing the agency #39;s work.
US stars fizzle with pressure on If you #39;re looking for a reason the favored United States team lost for the seventh time in the past 10 Ryder Cup Matches, look at the reason the Americans were favored.
Han wins playoff in Safeway Classic Hee-Won Han knew she needed to birdie the 18th hole to force a playoff in the Safeway Classic.  quot;I just play, quot; she said.  quot;Not much pressure.
Camacho prepares to throw in the towel at Real Madrid Barring a last minute change of heart, Jose Antonio Camacho will quit as Real Madrid coach on Monday four months after starting the job.
IRAN: Sth Korean nuke scandal stalls US sanctions push In his opening remarks to the meeting of the board of governors of the UN #39;s International Atomic Energy Agency in Vienna on September 13, IAEA director-general Mohammed ElBaradei said that Iran had made some progress in accounting for small traces 
Far-Right Surge in East Alarms Mainstream Germany Germany faced a surge of far-right parties in eastern state elections, worrying about their rise and the ensuing damage to the country #39;s image.
Sri Lanka protestors place body outside embassy of peace broker (AFP) AFP - Hundreds of Sri Lankan protestors carried the body of a slain political activist to the Norwegian embassy in a noisy protest against Norway's role in brokering peace with Tamil Tiger rebels, witnesses said.
Microsoft to share Office software source code with governments (AFP) AFP - Microsoft Corporation said it would share the source code of its Microsoft Office desktop software with more than 60 governments, including China and Russia.
N.Korea Seen Using South Atomic Issue to Stall Talks (Reuters) Reuters - South Korea Monday shrugged off North\Korean criticism of the South's experiments with nuclear\materials as familiar posturing that would not rule out the\mercurial communist North's return to atomic arms talks.
N.Korea Seen Using South Atomic Issue to Stall Talks  SEOUL (Reuters) - South Korea Monday shrugged off North  Korean criticism of the South's experiments with nuclear  materials as familiar posturing that would not rule out the  mercurial communist North's return to atomic arms talks.
Labour pledges new worker rights Maternity leave could be extended to twelve months, as part of plans being considered by Labour, newspaper reports suggest.
Bank spending on laundering soars Spending by banks and financial institutions on defending themselves against money laundering is soaring, a survey finds.
Dell Cuts Prices on Many U.S. Corporate Products  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Dell Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=DELL.O qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;DELL.O&lt;/A&gt; on Monday said  it had cut prices across a broad range of products aimed at  U.S. corporate customers as the computer maker passed along  price declines in underlying components.
UN warns of hunger in Bangladesh The UN says Bangladeshi children and women face acute malnutrition after the worst floods for years.
Fernando plans attacking approach to Shanghai Adaptability and aggression will be the keys to the Spaniard's weekend at the inaugural Chinese Grand Prix. Find out why...
Yukos to stop oil exports to China Russian oil giant Yukos has decided to halt two-thirds of its oil exports to China, raising the stakes in its yearlong legal battle with the authorities.
US Stock-Index Futures Decline; Citigroup, GE Slip in Europe US stock-index futures declined. Dow Jones Industrial Average shares including General Electric Co. slipped in Europe. Citigroup Inc.
Prince Harry to help child rape victim Prince Harry has made a return visit to Lesotho to visit the child rape victim whose horrific ordeal touched the world. The young prince has pledged to help her.
Mayors agree to wait for gas tax revenue MONTREAL - Montreal mayor Grald Tremblay is back from Toronto with a renewed vigour to improve his city #39;s aging infrastructure system.
Euros manage major victory BLOOMFIELD TOWNSHIP, MICH. - Don #39;t cry for Team USA It would take something a lot more traumatic than this to have made dinner taste bitter last night at the Oakland Hills Country Club.
Jerry Rice #39;s pass-catching streak ends at a record 274 games Jerry Rice of the Oakland Raiders failed to catch a pass for the first time in 274 games, ending the longest streak in NFL history.
UK calls for Iraqis to help Dubai - Britain #39;s department of affairs on Sunday launched a televised appeal on an Arab satellite channel for Iraqis to help rescue British hostage Kenneth Bigley who faces a death threat along with two US kidnap victims.
Asia Stocks, Oil Rise--Dollar Firm (Reuters) Reuters - Asian stocks were mostly higher\Monday, led by selected technology and metals firms, while oil\extended gains and the dollar edged up ahead of an expected\U.S. Federal Reserve interest rate rise Tuesday.
Saving the Artistic Orphans Brewster Kahle, the founder of the Internet Archive, sues the federal government to help 'orphan works' return to the public domain. Pieces of history and culture are caught in a morass of far-reaching copyright laws. By Katie Dean.
Papers Defend Classified Turf After watching eBay siphon off their classified advertising revenue, newspapers are turning to an outsourced auction firm, CityXpress, to fight back. By Daniel Terdiman
Quick Read on Your Genetics A new technology under development in Australia -- geneballs -- may be used to quickly and easily tell you your genetic makeup. By Daith  hAnluain.
What to Eat on the Way to Mars Think it's tough figuring out what to whip up for dinner? Try figuring out what to eat during a two-and-half-year trip to Mars and back. Food scientists have some solutions on the plate. By Karen Lurie.
TB May Be Global Threat Again Two separate studies by U.S. researchers find that super drug-resistant strains of tuberculosis are at the tipping point of a global epidemic, and only small changes could help them spread quickly.
Los Alamos to Remove Nukes Within a year, officials plan to move all weapons-grade nuclear material from Los Alamos National Laboratory to the Nevada Test Site. The transfer will begin this month.
Survey: Ex-General Will Win Indonesia Vote (AP) AP - A former general who has pledged to fight terror and fix the economy was headed for landslide win over incumbent President Megawati Sukarnoputri in Indonesia's landmark elections Monday, according a nationwide sampling of votes by an independent pollster.
Alitalia #39;s Board Likely to Approve Rescue Plan, EU400 Mln Loan Alitalia SpA #39;s board is likely to approve today Chief Executive Officer Giancarlo Cimoli #39;s rescue plan for Italy #39;s largest airline, after he won concessions from the carrier #39;s nine major unions on job cuts.
Mortgage lending at two-year low Levels of mortgage lending were at their weakest in two years during August, providing further evidence that the UK housing boom is over.
China #39;s first SMS novel to be made into movie BEIJING: China #39;s first novel delivered through SMS (short message service) is being made into a film that will also be delivered to cellphones and on the Internet, state media said Sunday.
IBM move boosts commercial grid computing IBM is continuing work to raise the profile of grid computing beyond scientific and research markets. Several grid-based commercial projects built on IBM platforms have been launched, including one at the US Environmental Protection Agency.
Pacquiao has truly arrived By nick giongco. YOU KNOW you have reached the status of a boxing star when ring announcer extraordinaire Michael Buffer calls out your name in his trademark booming voice during a high-profile event like yesterday 
Revived Ravens enjoy blowout BALTIMORE - Here #39;s a reminder that you should address your calls to the NFL and CBS over league rules that give the Baltimore Ravens local broadcast priority over the Pittsburgh Steelers.
Iraqi PM to Make U.N. Debut (AP) AP - Two years after he tried  #151; and failed  #151; to convince the United Nations of the need to go to war in Iraq, President Bush will deliver a strikingly different message when he speaks to the 191-member world body this week.
It's Tax-Loss Season, Y'all Got winners? Got losers? Now's the time to consider matching them up to save a tax dollar or two.
Yukos Stops Some China Oil Shipments, But Asia Unruffled SINGAPORE (Dow Jones)--The suspension by troubled Russian oil giant Yukos (YUKO.RS) of some crude exports to China has largely failed to move Asia #39;s oil market as doubts surface over the company #39;s grounds for its decision, industry sources said Monday.
Samsung Forecasts Global Chip Sales to Slow Next Year (Update4) Samsung Electronics Co., the world #39;s second-largest semiconductor maker, said it expects global chip sales next year to grow at half of this year #39;s pace on increased supply from new plants coming online.
China #39;s price performance remains stable, says Central bank &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt;  quot;The price performance in China remains stable on the whole, quot; said Governor of the People #39;s Bank of China Zhou Xiaochuan on Sunday.
Nokia exits ringtones Nokia has bowed out of the ringtone market following poor sales from its Club Nokia website. Its exit should also smooth relationships with mobile network operators which think that their hardware providers 
No debate, it #39;s Manning You share a pepperoni pizza. You even share a Nobel Peace Prize. You do not share the NFL MVP Award. Doesn #39;t the title alone preclude splitting such a superlative?
UN wants Iran freeze uranium enrichment work demands from the UN atomic-watchdog agency that it freeze all work on uranium enrichment, a technology that can be used for nuclear weapons.
Five dead in Aceh as rebels battle govt troops : Government troops and separatist rebels in Aceh clashed Monday as voters in the province took part in presidential elections. Two soldiers and three guerillas died in the fighting, the military said.
Bodies of 80 Beslan terror victims remain unidentified The bodies of 80 victims killed in the Beslan school hostage-taking, including 48 children, remain unidentified at morgues in North Ossetia and Rostov-on-Don, the southern regional 
Government Warns Americans of Iraq Travel (AP) AP - The State Department reminded Americans Friday of the dangers of traveling in Iraq, a day after two American construction workers were kidnapped from their home in Baghdad.
UK oil firm strides into N Korea Anglo-Irish oil company Aminex signs a 20-year agreement to develop North Korea's oil industry.
Economy Steady But Job Growth Moderate, Giving Fodder to Kerry and &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The latest snapshot shows an economy that has returned to a moderate economic expansion of about 3 percent. At this pace, the economy is not growing fast enough to create large numbers of jobs 
Chipmaker says glut in market will bring global slowdown LONDON (CBS.MW) - Growth in global chip sales is likely to halve in 2005, Samsung Electronics said on Monday, according to reports.
Hynix guilty of accounting fraud Hynix is bracing itself for fines, and worse, after Korean regulators found it guilty of a \$1.75bn accounting fraud. The Financial Supervisory Service (FSS) says the memory chip overstated results for 1999.
Mortgage lending growth slows Mortgage lending rose at its weakest monthly pace in two years in August and loan approvals for house purchase fell again, showing further evidence the once-booming property market has turned.
SBC request concerns small phone companies A group of small telephone companies said Thursday it #39;s worried that state regulators next week will allow telecommunications giant SBC Communications Inc.
Net security threats growing fast More than 30,000 PCs per day are being recruited into secret networks that spread spam and viruses, a study shows. Six months ago only 2,000 Windows machines per day were being recruited into these so-called bot nets.
Google making its mark worldwide Google is pronounced in a variety of ways abroad, reflecting its international popularity. In France, the search engine is  quot;GooGEL quot; while Japanese say  quot;GOOgaru.
Secure access goes virtual Security-conscious IT managers stand to gain a promising new option today, as a novel tool from software virtualisation pioneer VMware enters beta testing.
Arrest in Cisco source code theft A British man has been arrested in connection with the theft of source code from Cisco Systems. The 20-year-old was arrested on 3 September following police raids on homes in Manchester and Derbyshire.
British music fans decry iTunes pricing Instead of  quot;Think Different quot;, perhaps Apple #39;s slogan should be  quot;Price Different quot;, says a group of disgruntled UK music fans.
Group Seeks Ways to Prosecute Cybercrime Governments and private sector officials from around the world sought ways Thursday to jointly combat cybercrime, whose growth mirrors the phenomenal rise of the Internet #39;s popularity.
Oracle hopes for big splash with Tsunami Oracle is expected to jump into the emerging market for content management software later this year. The database giant will announce a new product code-named Tsunami at its Oracle OpenWorld conference in 
A Raider defense that fit the Bill At times during Sunday #39;s 13-10 victory over the Buffalo Bills, some of the Raiders were Xs when they should have been Os and still turned the outcome into a plus.
MOTOGP NEWS Pictures:  #39;Hell at the first corner #39;.  quot;I made a great start and that put me in front. That was very important because behind me hell arrived at the first corner! quot; - that was Valentino Rossi #39;s description of the turn one mayhem which eliminated 
SAINTS 30, 49ERS 27 Game grades Ken Dorsey played admirably in his first NFL start. He missed on his first five attempts while under heavy pressure, but went 18-of-27 the rest of the game and never flinched despite the hits.
Storm Jeanne: Your experiences Dozens have died in Haiti as a result of floods accompanying a tropical storm which swept through the Caribbean island of Hispaniola.
Video Shows 3 Hostages Beheaded in Iraq BAGHDAD, Iraq Sept. 20, 2004 - A militant group posted a video on the Internet purporting to show militants sawing off the heads of three Iraqi members of a Kurdish party for cooperating with US forces.
US: al-Qaida, Taliban Plotting Attacks Leaders of al-Qaida and the Taliban have held a series of meetings in Pakistan to discuss how to disrupt Afghanistan #39;s upcoming elections, the US military said Monday.
Gains by Extremist Parties Troubling Germany woke up to fears that the political tremors sparked by state elections in Saxony and Brandenburg on Sunday could lead to deeper division within their country and scare off investors.
Organiser deported before Islamist Berlin rally BERLIN/BEIRUT - One of the main organisers of a controversial Islamist conference in the German capital Berlin has been deported to Lebanon, German officials said, less than two weeks before the planned three-day gathering.
Senior Sunni cleric assassinated in Baghdad #39;s Sadr City A senior Sunni cleric was kidnapped and killed in the Shiite slum of Sadr City in Baghdad, said a spokesman for the Committee of the Muslim Scholars on Monday.
EU Urges Iran to Heed UN Nuclear Freeze Demand  VIENNA (Reuters) - The European Union called on Iran Monday  to comply with the U.N. nuclear watchdog's demand that it  suspend all activities connected with uranium enrichment, a  process that can be used to develop atomic weapons.
Chen cautious over China change Taiwan's President Chen Shui-bian says China's leadership changes are  unlikely to signal a big policy shift.
Iraq vote vowed as violence continues BAGHDAD -- Militants sawed off the heads of three hostages believed to be Iraqi Kurds in a grisly videotape that surfaced yesterday, hours after Iraq's prime minister said that January elections would be held on schedule and asserted that US and Iraqi troops were winning the fight against an increasingly bold insurgency.
Uncertain fate for S. Africa's giants PILANESBERG NATIONAL PARK, South Africa -- Ecologist Rudi van Aarde leaned back on a veranda that overlooked dry grasslands and a group of bull elephants, his shoes still dusty from an 8,000-mile tour of game reserves in southern Africa. Van Aarde was on a mission: saving elephants from sanctioned killings.
Jiang formally quits China leadership BEIJING -- More than a year after becoming China's president, Hu Jintao was handed the full reins of power yesterday when his predecessor, Jiang Zemin, gave up the nation's most powerful military post.
Hamas leader killed in missile strike in Gaza GAZA CITY -- Residents said an Israeli helicopter fired a missile at a car in Gaza City late yesterday, killing a senior leader of the militant Hamas group, the latest Israeli attack in the territory it plans to leave next year.
Ruling Kazakh party leads early ASTANA, Kazakhstan -- President Nursultan Nazarbayev's party took an early lead in elections for parliament yesterday and his daughter's new party was running second.
Bush said ready to lift Libya sanctions WASHINGTON -- President Bush has decided to lift sanctions against Libya, which he expects to trigger the release of more than \$1 billion to families of PanAm Flight 103 victims, a senior administration official said yesterday.
Arrest in Cisco source code theft A Briton has been arrested in connection with the theft of computer code for key net hardware.
Israeli Missile Kills Senior Hamas Leader GAZA CITY, Gaza Strip - Hamas threatened revenge after an Israeli helicopter blew up a car on a busy Gaza City street, killing a Hamas militant who was involved in making and firing rockets at Israeli towns.    Six bystanders were wounded, two of them seriously, hospital officials said...
Unilever Pressures European Stocks (Reuters) Reuters - A profit warning from consumer products\giant Unilever and concern that oil prices, now topping  #36;46 a\barrel, will hurt company earnings kept European shares in\negative ground Monday.
US soldier seeks Canada asylum A US army deserter seeks refugee status to stay in Canada, arguing the US-led war in Iraq is illegal.
EU Urges Iran to Heed UN Nuclear Freeze Demand (Reuters) Reuters - The European Union called on Iran Monday\to comply with the U.N. nuclear watchdog's demand that it\suspend all activities connected with uranium enrichment, a\process that can be used to develop atomic weapons.
Turkish Police Probe Concert Blast (AP) AP - A grenade may have caused a blast under a police car that injured more than a dozen people in southern Turkey, officials said Monday.
Baseball Today (AP) AP - Toronto New York Yankees (7:05 p.m. EDT). Javier Vazquez goes for his 15th win for the AL East-leading Yankees.
Jenkins' Trial Will Be High-Profile Case (AP) AP - The U.S. Army is preparing for its biggest desertion trial in decades following the surrender of Sgt. Charles Robert Jenkins, wanted for allegedly abandoning his patrol nearly 40 years ago and becoming a North Korean propaganda tool.
Unilever Pressures European Stocks  PARIS (Reuters) - A profit warning from consumer products  giant Unilever and concern that oil prices, now topping \$46 a  barrel, will hurt company earnings kept European shares in  negative ground Monday.
Monty Hailed as Hero of Stunning Ryder Victory  LONDON (Reuters) - When Colin Montgomerie's final putt  plopped into the cup of the 18th green at Oakland Hills on  Sunday it clinched a remarkable Ryder Cup triumph and soothed  the Scot's personal anguish.
Japan Volcano Erupts for 4th Day But Seen Quieting (Reuters) Reuters - A volcano in central Japan sent smoke and\ash high into the sky and spat out molten rock as it erupted\for a fourth straight day on Friday, but experts said the peak\appeared to be quieting slightly.
Hostages in Iraq Face Death as Deadline Nears  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - A deadline set by militants who have  threatened to kill two Americans and a Briton seized in Iraq  was due to expire Monday, and more than two dozen other  hostages were also facing death unless rebel demands were met.
Ace is wild NEW YORK -- Slice it any which way and the pie looks the same. The piece that represents the odds of the Red Sox overtaking the Yankees for the division title after a lost weekend in the Bronx is skinnier than Calista Flockhart.
Primary race in Cup Chase won by Busch LOUDON, N.H. -- In a year of sweeping changes for NASCAR, the most notable of which was the process by which its 2004 champion will be determined, Kurt Busch yesterday made it a clean sweep at New Hampshire International Speedway.
Americans dominated by Europe's brilliance BLOOMFIELD TOWNSHIP, Mich. -- They were hoping for a sporting miracle yesterday, only it didn't materialize. Now, American Ryder Cup players must hope for a diplomatic miracle.
Alitalia shares up on rescue deal Shares in Italian carrier Alitalia surge as it finalises a deal with unions which will keep it in the air.
Martinez targets himself for the most blame NEW YORK -- In the city that loves to hate Pedro Martinez, the sellout crowd at Yankee Stadium suffered only one minor disappointment yesterday. It came after Martinez walked John Olerud in the sixth inning. The free pass followed Jorge Posada's home run, a shot that landed just a few feet inside the left-field foul pole.
Bats were more than a bit wooden in series NEW YORK -- Don't expect the Red Sox to buy the theory that the Yankees' pitching has declined. Not after the Sox managed only eight runs on 20 hits over three of the most important games of the season. While the Yankees hit .308 and scored 27 runs, the Sox mustered only a .200 average as two of their core ...
Vrabel knows tricks of the trade TEMPE, Ariz. -- One of the more interesting moments of the Patriots' 23-12 win over the Cardinals yesterday occurred near the end of the first half when kicker Neil Rackers was about to attempt a 58-yard field goal.
No debate, it's Manning You share a pepperoni pizza. You even share a Nobel Peace Prize. You do not share the NFL MVP Award.
Rice's streak ends as Raiders beat up Bills OAKLAND, Calif. -- Reality hit Jerry Rice in the final minutes and his spontaneous reaction was somewhat shocking: He kicked a yard marker and hurled his helmet at the ground.
Crunch time came early, often for McCown TEMPE, Ariz. -- The statistics tell one story on how the Patriots' defense shut down the Cardinals' offense yesterday: It allowed just 167 yards of total offense, only 50 on the ground, during a 23-12 New England win that pushed a streak that threatens the NFL record to 17 games.
Draining, but entertaining On any given Saturday, the Southeastern Conference comes up with ways to entertain its fans, exhibiting competition at its best -- and worst -- and making the argument that it is the best conference in college football.
Let's just acknowledge their superiority BLOOMFIELD TOWNSHIP, Mich. -- Four out of five is a bit more than a trend, wouldn't you say?
In face of losses, Woods answers questions BLOOMFIELD TOWNSHIP, Mich. -- There was a stern look on his face when he won the first hole, courtesy of Paul Casey's three-putt bogey, and when Tiger Woods went 2 up at the fifth, he hardly showed emotion.
Bryant gets 1st PGA win Bart Bryant won his first PGA Tour event yesterday, closing with a 3-under-par 67 for a three-stroke victory over Providence's Patrick Sheehan at the Texas Open in San Antonio.
Zorilla, St. John's Prep beat Central to the pounce Travis Zorilla recovered two first-half fumbles that led to touchdowns, helping St. John's Prep defeat Central Catholic, 21-14, in a nonleague game in Danvers yesterday.
Mate grates Earnhardt LOUDON, N.H. -- Well before the green flag dropped on yesterday's Sylvania 300, signaling the start of the Chase for the Nextel Cup, Dale Earnhardt Jr. expressed concern about how the other 33 drivers would race the top 10 in contention for the title.
This isn't the finish line LOUDON, N.H. -- It wasn't the first time Kurt Busch and his friend Ricky Craven crossed the finish line at about the same time, and Craven hopes it wasn't the last. A year ago at Darlington, Craven beat Busch in .002 seconds, the closest finish in NASCAR since electronic scoring came into use in 1993. Yesterday, as Busch was completing ...
Poor weather hits Unilever sales Shares in Unilever fall after the Anglo-Dutch consumer goods giant issues a surprise profits warning.
YUKOS holds up crude oil railway deliveries to Chinese CNPC. OAO YUKOS oil company has temporally stopped crude oil railway deliveries to Chinese CNPC following the problems with the settlement of railway tariff rates and exports duties.
Watchdog says few make the grade Expert says most companies still need to improve governance and raise ethics of those at the top. By Jay Loomis. Nell Minow has never been afraid to confront the power brokers in corporate America, first as 
Beatles record label sues Apple Computer  again Search any fee-based digital music service for the best-loved musical artists of the 20th century and most of the expected names show up.
Microsoft JPEG exploit reported Hacker web sites are claiming to have posted proof-of-concept exploit code for the latest critical Microsoft Corp software vulnerability, which is sometimes a precursor to broader attacks using a worm.
The Execution of the Golden Boy Everyone was hoping to see a reincarnation of Sugar Ray Leonard-Marvin Hagler when Oscar De La Hoya challenged undisputed middleweight champion Bernard Hopkins last Saturday night at the MGM Grand in Las Vegas.
Lions beat Texans, move to 2-0 Detroit running back Artose Pinner rushes up the middle against Houston linebacker and former North Eugene standtou Kailee Wong (right) for a 5-yard gain in the fourth quarter Sunday in Detroit.
Wounded Rice leaves field empty OAKLAND -- -- Having lost a measure of his hard-earned identity, Jerry Rice resorted to one of the oldest tricks in the book of vanity.
Dillon rushes for 158 yards in Patriots #39; victory Former Bengal Corey Dillon found his stride Sunday in his second game for the New England Patriots. Dillon gained 158 yards on 32 carries as the Patriots beat the Arizona Cardinals, 23-12, for their 17th victory in a row.
Snow, Giants tip Padres Barry Bonds had better watch out. JT Snow seems to have designs on the slugger #39;s spot in the San Francisco Giants #39; lineup.
India to launch first satellite exclusively for education BANGALORE, India: India was set to launch its first satellite to be used exclusively for education which will connect classrooms in remote parts of the country, the space agency said.
Donaldson attacks CEO pay, ethics NEW YORK (CNN/Money) - Securities and Exchange Commission Chairman William Donaldson criticized the ethical leadership and the pay of US corporate bosses in an interview published Monday.
Bengals-Dolphins statistics Mia -- FG Mare 43, 12:39. Drive: 7 plays, 24 yards, 2:10. Key play: Feeley 19 pass to Chambers on 3rd-and-5 to Bengals 25. Miami 3, Cincinnati 0. Cin -- Simmons 50 interception return (Graham kick), 12:01.
Time running out for Iraq hostages The threat of execution hung over a Briton and two American hostages as their Islamic militant captors #39; 48-hour deadline for the US-led coalition to free all Iraqi female detainees was due to expire on Monday.
Activists blockade Manipur over security law (Reuters) Reuters - Civil and womens' rights groups started an unprecedented 16-day blockade of the tiny state of Manipur on Monday to demand that the government repeal a security law which they say is being abused.
Stocks Set for Lower Open; Oil Eyed  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Stocks looked to open lower on Monday  as oil prices rose to their highest in nearly a month,  increasing concern about the impact on corporate profits.
Colgate Warns Profit Short of Forecasts  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Colgate-Palmolive Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=CL.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;CL.N&lt;/A&gt; on Monday  warned that earnings for the second half of the year will fall  short of earlier forecasts due to higher marketing costs.
Food   Drink Woes Weigh on Eurostocks  LONDON (Reuters) - European shares fell almost one percent  by midsession Monday, hurt by a profit warning from consumer  goods giant Unilever and surging energy costs, but oil  companies like BP rose with the price of crude.
Golf: Langer mulls 2006 captaincy Bernhard Langer is not ruling out staying on as Europe's Ryder Cup captain for the 2006 event in Ireland.
UN summit to tackle world hunger World leaders prepare to meet at the UN in New York to discuss ways of alleviating hunger and poverty.
Air NZ, Qantas deal grounded MARK COLVIN: After two years of legal battles, it now seems the alliance deal between Air New Zealand and Qantas is well and truly grounded.
PeopleSoft #39;s last hurrah? com September 20, 2004, 4:00 AM PT. This fourth priority #39;s main focus has been improving or obtaining CRM and ERP software for the past year and a half.
Hynix accused of \$1.7 billion 1999 accounting fraud SEOUL, South Korea - Hynix Semiconductor Inc., formerly Hyundai Electronics, is alleged to have committed an accounting miss-statement of nearly 2 trillion won (about US\$1.
Mutual funds attract Fed governors #39; eyes Mutual funds aren #39;t just popular with the masses. They #39;re also investments of choice among the people who oversee the nation #39;s economy.
Walker may buy back Iceland stores FORMER chairman of frozen food supermarket chain Iceland, Malcolm Walker, is being linked to a possible buy- back of the business, now trading as part of the Big Food Group.
Hopkins knocks out De La Hoya his way Bernard Hopkins came into the ring to a recording of one of Frank Sinatras epic songs. Fighting his usual tactical fight, Hopkins allowed Oscar De La Hoya to dominate the first 
Sack-happy  #39;D #39; bags Bills defenders got a piece of Bledsoe, and the Raiders offense did just enough -- as in a 43-yard touchdown pass from Rich Gannon to Ronald Curry and two Sebastian Janikowski field 
Power Shift In China Raises Hope of Better Living Standards, But &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Chinese President Hu Jintao #39;s accession to full power and the final retirement of former President Jiang Zemin is being hailed as the start of a new era in Chinese politics.
Turkish police probe concert blast that injures at least 13 A grenade may have caused a blast under a police car that injured more than a dozen people in southern Turkey, officials said Monday.
Manmohan to hold talks with Bush, Musharraf New York, Sept. 20 (PTI): Prime Minister Manmohan Singh, arrives here tonight for the first major diplomatic engagement that includes his talks with US President George W Bush, and Pakistan President Pervez 
Sri Lanka: Demonstrations outside Norwegian Embassy In Sri Lanka, angry demonstrators outside the Norwegian Embassy on Monday placed a coffin with the dead body of a Tamil politician outside the Norwegian Embassy.
After Blogs Got Hits, CBS Got a Black Eye Scott Johnson, a lawyer in Mendota Heights, Minn., put up his first post at 7:51 a.m. on Sept. 9. By the time he got to his Minneapolis office, he had dozens of e-mail responses.
51 Win Spots on Commerce List Fifty-one small businesses, nearly all of them Washington area companies, were included in the contract for Commerce Information Technology Solutions Next Generation, known as COMMITS NexGen. The contract can be used by all federal agencies to buy information technology services.
In Cellular Towers' Shadows, Anxiety Worried about radio-frequency radiation, Fairfax parents urge school board to ban placement of antenna poles near campuses.
PeopleSoft's last hurrah? After Oracle's court victory, customers will look for reassurance at what could be PeopleSoft's last annual user conference.
Critical Mass. for AMD's chip designs? As the chipmaker plows profits into research, it's hoping for good things from a new design team in Massachusetts.
VMWare reveals Ace in the hole Using its strengths in virtual machine technology, VMWare Inc. on Monday unwrapped new beta software for the desktop that allows administrators to more securely deploy and mange work environments outside the corporate network.
Alitalia shares up on rescue deal Shares in Alitalia rose on Monday after staff agreed job and pay cuts last week to keep the beleaguered airline flying. The firm #39;s chief executive was holding a final meeting with unions in Rome on Monday 
eMusic to relaunch MP3 subscription service While MP3 #39;s have taken quite a bashing lately, it #39;s good to know you can still download free and legal MP3 #39;s, albeit for independent artists.
Woods insists defeat hurts Tiger Woods insisted defeat in the Ryder Cup hurt following questions over his commitment to the event. The American won just two points in the 18-9 loss to Europe.
Lions roaring: Rookie Williams gives Detroit big lift Despite their 28-16 victory over the Houston Texans yesterday before 61,465 at Ford Field, that remains to be seen. But one thing looks evident early on - rookie wideout Roy Williams, the Lions #39; top draft 
No spoiler, new Bears coach a  #39;Favre Foiler #39; You gotta love Lovie. When the Chicago Bears hired him last January, the man promised he knew how to beat Brett Favre. He guaranteed his new team would turn around its one-sided rivalry with the Packers.
Tibet: Preserving the culture Beijing - The Tibetan capital Lhasa has launched a renovation drive to keep its original ethnic flavour after years of unrestrained urban development filled the city with modern architecture, China #39;s state media said Monday.
Big Powers Urge Iran to Heed UN Nuke Freeze Demand (Reuters) Reuters - The United States, the EU and Russia\urged Iran Monday to comply with the U.N. nuclear watchdog's\demand that it halt all activities linked to uranium\enrichment, a process that can be used to build an atom bomb.
China's Online Shopping Stuck in Web of Problems (Reuters) Reuters - Creaky banking and postal systems are\conspiring against Chinese shoppers snapping up books and\cosmetics over the Internet, holding back a market that has\lured the likes of eBay and Amazon.
Colgate Sees Profit Well Short of Targets  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Colgate-Palmolive Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=CL.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;CL.N&lt;/A&gt; on Monday  warned that second-half earnings will fall well short of Wall  Street forecasts due to higher marketing spending.
College Fight For Influence Gets a Little Nasty The serene world of higher education looks distinctly different when viewed from Capitol Hill.
Putin Faces Chechnya Dilemma Over Jailed Colonel  MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russian President Vladimir Putin faced a  dilemma Monday over whether to pardon an army colonel who  strangled a Chechen schoolgirl, risking upsetting allies in  Chechnya on the one hand or his powerful military on the other.
Future shop DULUTH, Ga. -- With two touches on a computer screen, Dan White chooses a faded pair of five-pocket Calvin Klein jeans in a size 6. Seconds later, a tag on the pair he picked flashes, calling out from stacks of neatly folded jeans.
Kodak hears call of camera phones, answers big time Cellphones that can take and display digital photographs have become enough of a market force to attract major attention from a company long synonymous with photography: Eastman Kodak Co.
A retooled Draper now makes what it devises CAMBRIDGE -- The hunt for terror-thwarting technology has brought an unexpected revenue boost -- and a new in-house production burden -- to a research lab best known for its work on submarine missile guidance and navigation during the Cold War.
Racketeering case against tobacco industry to begin WASHINGTON -- It has taken five years of pretrial skirmishing, but testimony will finally begin tomorrow in the government's massive racketeering case alleging that the tobacco industry defrauded and misled the American public for almost 50 years about the health risks of cigarette smoking.
Fed's rate decision not apt to affect market NEW YORK -- Wall Street opinion is split on whether the Federal Reserve will raise interest rates tomorrow, with conventional wisdom siding with a rate increase. But either way, the decision probably won't have as much impact on what happens to stock prices this week as will news of corporate earnings surprises.
Ready for Windows Service Pack 2? Nothing elicits fear and loathing across the land like the announcement of a major Windows upgrade. Grown men and women quake at the thought of hours of troubleshooting. Corporate IT departments don full battle gear and issue stern warnings against upgrading before they've tested for incompatibilities. Small children weep when their favorite computer games suddenly won't run.
Questions to ask about low-priced PCs Poverty can be quite educational. When you've got only so much money to spend, you'll think carefully about the goods you're buying.
Ill-fated '95 hiring haunts Disney CEO search HOLLYWOOD, Calif. -- As Walt Disney Co. directors meet today to start grappling with the process of replacing chief executive Michael Eisner, one man who has not roamed the halls in eight years is casting his shadow.
Seeking an edge, Microsoft shares Office code SEATTLE -- Microsoft Corp. is expanding a program to give government organizations access to some of its tightly guarded software blueprints, amid growing competition from rivals who make such source code freely available.
British hostage deadline passes The deadline set by  hostage-takers holding a Briton in Iraq has passed without any further word from them.
Indonesians Vote to Oust Megawati Indonesian voters ousted incumbent Megawati Sukarnoputri in a run-off election for president Monday, awarding her former chief security minister a landslide victory, according to a projection by a local research institute.
Drilling for Weird Life Scientists interested in the search for life on other planets often spend their time hunting for novel life forms and unique ecosystems here on Earth. The Ro Tinto, a river in Spain with highly acidic water the color of red wine, has one group of researchers intrigued about what might be living underground.
Liquid Machines to acquire e-mail company In a sign of continued consolidation among security firms, Lexington, Massachusetts-based Liquid Machines Inc. on Monday plans to announce the acquisition of San Francisco-based Omniva Inc.
AOL launches program for AIM bots America Online Inc. (AOL) is launching a program Monday to promote and facilitate the creation of what it calls AIM Robots for its AIM instant messaging system.
Sun to return to NAS market with StorEdge 5210 Sun Microsystems Inc. on Tuesday will announce a number of new storage products, including a new server that signals the company's return to NAS (network-attached storage). Called the StorEdge 5210, the file server is a midrange NAS appliance developed with technology that Sun licensed from Irvine, California-based Procom Technology Inc. in April.
Update: Arrest made in Cisco source code theft Police in the U.K. have arrested a man in connection with the theft of source code from networking equipment maker Cisco Systems Inc. in May, a Scotland Yard spokeswoman confirmed Friday.
Asian Stock Markets Close Mixed Asian stock markets closed mixed Monday, with the key indexes dipping both in Hong Kong and Singapore. Japanese financial markets were closed for a national holiday.
Alitalia shares soar on union deal Shares in Alitalia are soaring as the board of the Italian carrier prepares to approve a rescue plan that will cut jobs and slash wages in an effort to avoid collapse.
Hynix Under Investigation for Cooking Books It has been revealed that Hynix Semiconductor (formerly Hyundai Electronics) cooked the books to nearly W2 trillion during the latter half of the 1990s and corrected the total misstated amount over several years.
Corporate watchdog is keeping busy Nell Minow has never been afraid to confront the power brokers in corporate America, first as a fund manager and more recently as a watchdog waving red flags about excessive executive pay, questionable 
Watch China #39;s first SMS novel as a film on ur mobile China #39;s first ever novel transmitted to readers through SMS is all set to be made into a film. According to the Straits Times, the film will also be transmitted to audiences in 30 to 40 segments enabling viewers 
Virus writer gets security job Virus writer Sven Jaschan, who claimed responsibility for the Sasser and Netsky worms, has been given a job at an internet security company.
The Euros cash in Bloomfield Township, Mich.- In the end Sunday, it seemed fit ting that Colin Mont gomerie, the spiritual leader of Europe #39;s Ryder Cup team, would seal ownership of the cup once again.
Safin, Kuznetsova Victorious in Asian Tennis Matches Russias Marat Safin won his first title in almost two years with a gritty 7-6, 7-5 victory over compatriot Mikhail Youzhny at the China Open on Sunday, just as another Russian star, recent US Open winner Svetlana Kuznetsova won another title in Bali.
Former General Expected to Win Presidential Election in Indonesia A former general, who has promised to uphold civilian rule, appears to have easily defeated the incumbent Megawati Sukarnoputri in Indonesias presidential election today, according to a nationwide survey of votes.
Colgate Sees Profit Well Short of Targets (Reuters) Reuters - Colgate-Palmolive Co.  on Monday\warned that second-half earnings will fall well short of Wall\Street forecasts due to higher marketing spending.
Unilever Issues Profit Warning (AP) AP - Unilever PLC, the Anglo-Dutch consumer products giant, reduced its outlook for the year on Monday, citing poor weather, weak consumer confidence in Europe and tough competition in Asia.
Iraq's PM Says Saddam Depressed, Begs for Mercy  CAIRO (Reuters) - Deposed Iraqi President Saddam Hussein is  depressed and has begged the Iraqi government for mercy, Iraq's  Prime Minister Iyad Allawi said in an interview published  Monday.
China supply cutback raises stakes in Yukos standoff Russia #39;s embattled Yukos oil giant raised the stakes in its bitter standoff with the Kremlin as the company slashed supplies to China in a move analysts said was designed to cause maximum embarrassment in Moscow.
Air NZ fears for future after Qantas bid fails AIR New Zealand today claimed it faced an uncertain future after the countrys High Court threw out plans for a tie-up with Qantas, its Australian-based rival.
Investors brace for impact of higher oil prices, US interest rate &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; TORONTO (CP) - Early indicators were mostly negative Monday for North American stock markets as crude oil prices rose and investors braced for another US interest rate increase.
First Enron Trial May Show Wall Street #39;s Darker Side HOUSTON -- The darker side of Wall Street could come to light Monday as the criminal trial involving former Enron executives takes a look at the inner workings of the Wall Street investment banking business.
Banks pay price for money laundering THE fight against money laundering is costing banks and other financial institutions dear as they invest heavily in technology to combat crime, according to a survey by KPMG.
Sasser author hired by AV firm According to reports, Sven Jaschan, who was arrested in May and charged with creating some of the most potent viruses to hit the internet, has been offered a job with Lueneburg, Germany-based Securepoint.
Iraqi PM:  #39;Terrorists pouring in #39; Iraq #39;s interim Prime Minister Iyad Allawi has warned that  quot;terrorists quot; are flooding into his country from across the Muslim world.
Colgate Cuts 2nd-Half Profit Forecast as Costs Rise (Update1) Colgate-Palmolive Co., the world #39;s largest toothpaste maker, said second-half profit will be less than analysts #39; estimates because of higher marketing and raw material costs.
PeopleSoft prepares for questions at Connect show PeopleSoft Inc. will kick off its Connect user show on Tuesday determined to focus attendees #39; attention on its progress in the past year and product plans for the coming one 
Cybercriminals use  #39;bot #39; to strike terror Tech-savvy criminals increasingly are using large networks of computers to spread viruses, send spam and steal sensitive information, according to a new Internet threat report scheduled to be released today.
Extremist vote worries German press The gains made by parties of the extreme right and left in elections in two eastern German states on Sunday spark much negative comment in regional and national papers.
British hostage deadline passes The family of a Briton held hostage in Iraq are waiting for news after a deadline set by his captors passed. On Saturday, the kidnappers said they would kill Ken Bigley, from Liverpool, and two Americans unless 
Yukos partly suspends oil exports to China LONDON, September 20 (newratings.com) - Russian oil giant, OAO Yukos Oil Company (YUSA.FSE), has partly suspended its rail shipments to China, leading to increased supply disruption risks in the global oil market.
Unilever Issues Profit Warning Unilever PLC, the Anglo-Dutch consumer products giant, reduced its outlook for the year on Monday, citing poor weather, weak consumer confidence in Europe and tough competition in Asia.
Vietnam Airlines in talks to buy four Boeing 7E7s HANOI (AFP) - Vietnam Airlines said Monday it was in talks with Boeing to buy four super-efficient 7E7 Dreamliner aircraft as part of its ambitious fleet and route expansion program.
VMware Takes Virtual Machines Mobile VMware Inc., known for its virtual machine technology for servers and workstations, is turning its attention to the client space. The Palo Alto, Calif.
Microsoft Shares Office Source Code Facing growing competition from open source software providers, Microsoft has decided to allow governments and international organizations access to source code for its Office 2003 productivity suite.
Security firm hires teenage Sasser virus writer Sven Jaschan, an 18-year-old from Waffensen in Lower Saxony, who is also thought to be behind the Netsky virus and is currently awaiting trial for his virus-writing antics, could be about to enter gainful employment with German firewall company Securepoint 
Darfur clashes block access to refugees Clashes between Sudanese army and rebel forces in Darfur are stopping aid agencies assessing the needs of some of the more than one million displaced people there, the United Nations says.
Suicide by cobra thwarted LEOBEN, Austria A man whose apparent attempt to kill himself using a cobra was thwarted by Austrian police is in critical condition.
Maxim Plunges, Colgate Slips in Pre-Trade  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Maxim Pharmaceuticals Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MAXM.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;MAXM.O&lt;/A&gt;  shares plunged nearly 60 percent on Monday after the company  said its experimental liver cancer drug failed to show an  improvement in patient survival rates during a clinical trial.
Maxim Dives 61 Pct on Drug Trial Result  PHILADELPHIA (Reuters) - Maxim Pharmaceuticals Inc.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MAXM.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;MAXM.O&lt;/A&gt; said a trial to confirm the benefit of its Ceplene  drug failed to show an improvement in survival rates for  patients with liver cancer, sending its shares plunging on  Monday.
Ex-General Heads for Win Over Megawati in Indonesia  JAKARTA (Reuters) - An urbane former general who promises  to fight terror and clean up government headed for an  overwhelming victory against incumbent Megawati Sukarnoputri in  Indonesia's first direct presidential election Monday.  Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono, Megawati's one-time chief security  minister, had won 59 percent of 10 million votes counted as of  noon GMT, the election commission said. Megawati had 41  percent.
Stocks to Watch Monday  The maker of Colgate toothpaste and Irish Spring soap  warned that earnings for the second half of the year will fall  short of earlier forecasts due to high marketing costs.
Stelmar Being Acquired for \$677 Million  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Private equity firm Fortress  Investment Group LLC has agreed to buy oil tank operator  Stelmar Shipping Ltd. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=SJH.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;SJH.N&lt;/A&gt; for \$677 million, Stelmar said on  Monday.
Textiles boost Bangladesh exports Bangladesh reports a 28 jump in exports in July, boosted by strong demand in Europe for clothing and other textiles.
US-led troops die in Afghanistan Two soldiers of the US-led coalition have been killed in a gun battle in south-eastern Afghanistan, the US military says.
Hostage Deadline Looms; Iraq Clerics Slain BAGHDAD, Iraq - Relatives pleaded on Monday for the release of two Americans and a Briton as a deadline loomed for their beheading. In Baghdad, two Sunni Muslim clerics from a powerful conservative group were assassinated within hours of each other...
Alcatel Says Closing in on China 3G Mobile Deal  SHANGHAI (Reuters) - French telecoms equipment maker  Alcatel is nearing a deal with a Chinese peer on cooperating to  build third-generation (3G) mobile phone networks using a  Chinese technology standard, a senior executive said.
Daily Forex Commentary Australia #39;s commodity exports are expected to soar to a record 96 billion Australian dollars (US\$67 billion) in the current financial year, a national forecaster said in a report Monday.
PMC-Sierra Cuts 3Q Revenue Outlook Chip maker PMC-Sierra Inc. cut its third-quarter revenue outlook on Monday, citing reduced deployment of digital subscriber line equipment by Asian service providers in the second half of 2004.
Alitalia Gets Lift From Flight Attendants MILAN (AFP) - Alitalia airline won a thumbs up from the stock market following a weekend job-cutting deal with flight attendants seen as clearing away a threat of bankruptcy and opening up new horizons.
Microsoft To Share Office Source Code I_Love_Pocky! writes  quot;According to this article, Microsoft is going to give its source code for Office 2003 to more than 30 different world governements.
The Financial Times and Sony Ericsson launch mobile the Financial Times and Sony Ericsson announce a new mobile service that allows consumers to read up-to-date global business and financial news, comment and analysis from FT.
C amp;W Has \$150M Broadband Plan Cable  amp; Wireless plc (NYSE: CWP - message board) is significantly ramping up its investment in local loop unbundling (LLU) in the UK, and it plans to spend up to 85 million (\$152.
FTC wants spammer bounties Congress has asked the US Federal Trade Commission (FTC) to look into spam reduction measures, including a  quot;Do Not Spam quot; list idea passed with the CAN-SPAM Act.
Real coach Camacho quits Madrid - Real Madrid president Florentino Perez said on Monday he had accepted Jose Antonio Camacho #39;s resignation as coach and appointed his deputy Mariano Garcia Remon in a caretaker role.
Busch wins as wreck rattles top 10 Loudon, NH --- The 10 contenders were worried about some wild Sunday driver messing up the chase for the Nextel Cup championship, and then Robby Gordon came crashing in.
Pleas made for release of British hostage LONDON - The British government and the brother of a British hostage have taken to Arab-language airwaves in an attempt to have him released from his captors in Iraq.
Microsoft Expands Sharing of Source Code Microsoft Corp. is expanding a program to give government organizations access to some of its tightly guarded software blueprints amid growing competition from rivals who make such source code freely available.
Man Held in England in Cisco Code Theft A 20-year-old man has been arrested in England in the theft of the proprietary software blueprints used by Cisco Systems Inc.'s networking equipment, police and the company confirmed.
AOL Launching New Online Shopping Site America Online announced the launch of an online shopping site it says will provide an easy and fast way to compare products from thousands of online merchants.
Multiplayer Games Coming to Cell Phones As millions buy increasingly powerful cell phones, many companies are racing to develop video games to take advantage of the newfound portability.
Mira Behind the Molecules Among the stellar class known as red giants, Mira stars provide seventy-five percent of our galaxy's molecules including water vapor. These red giants pulsate as fast as every few months to years with their brightness varying by ten times during a cycle.
Maxim Dives 61 Pct on Drug Trial Result (Reuters) Reuters - Maxim Pharmaceuticals Inc.\ said a trial to confirm the benefit of its Ceplene\drug failed to show an improvement in survival rates for\patients with liver cancer, sending its shares plunging on\Monday.
World's Beer Fans Meet for Annual Munich Binge (Reuters) Reuters - International squads of beer\drinkers, leather-clad Bavarians and devotees of excess young\and old converged in Munich on Saturday for the start of the\planet's biggest beer festival, the Oktoberfest.
Amazon's A9 Reaches Beyond Google's Basics (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - Amazon.com is trying to out-Google the king of Internet search with a new site that puts a fancy face on Google's plain-Jane search results.
Alcatel Says Closing in on China 3G Mobile Deal (Reuters) Reuters - French telecoms equipment maker\Alcatel is nearing a deal with a Chinese peer on cooperating to\build third-generation (3G) mobile phone networks using a\Chinese technology standard, a senior executive said.
Windows may be free in Iran, but security fears spark Linux drive (AFP) AFP - Iran has become the latest country to edge towards ditching the ubiquitous Microsoft computer operating system in favour of the open-source Linux solution, even if its refusal to abide by copyright laws means that the Islamic republic does not pay a penny to Bill Gates.
2 U.S. Soldiers Killed in Afghan Fighting (AP) AP - Two U.S. soldiers were killed Monday in a firefight with insurgents in a troubled southeastern Afghan province, the American military said.
Bush Campaign Raises  #36;260 Million Total (AP) AP - President Bush raised a total of  #36;260 million for the primary-election phase of his campaign, taking in  #36;18 million last month alone before accepting full government financing for the race's final two months.
Hyperion launches Essbase 7X Hyperion Solutions, a vendor of business intelligence applications, will announce at its Solutions 2004 Hyperion International Conference in Paris this week, Essbase 7X, a greatly enhanced version of its analytic suite.
JBoss ships J2EE 1.4-compliant open source app server JBoss on Monday is shipping JBoss Application Server 4.0, which the company is billing as the first open source application server certified as compatible with the J2EE 1.4 platform.
Microsoft provides Office source code to governments Facing growing competition from open source software providers, Microsoft Corp. has decided to allow governments and international organizations access to source code for its Office 2003 productivity suite.
PeopleSoft prepares for questions at Connect show PeopleSoft Inc. will kick off its Connect user show on Tuesday determined to focus attendees' attention on its progress in the past year and product plans for the coming one -- and away from the Jaws-like specter of Oracle Corp.
Microsoft Shares Office Source Code Software giant hopes to convince governments that its products are secure.
AOL Launching New Shopping Site DULLES, Va. (AP) -- America Online announced the launch of an online shopping site it says will provide an easy and fast way to compare products from thousands of online merchants...
Multiplayer Games Coming to Mobile Phones As millions buy increasingly powerful cell phones, many companies are racing to develop video games to take advantage of the newfound portability. The newest twist is multiplayer: You can face real people in space battles or fishing tournaments.
Microsoft Expands Source Code Sharing By ALLISON LINN    SEATTLE (AP) -- Microsoft Corp. (MSFT) is expanding a program to give government organizations access to some of its tightly guarded software blueprints amid growing competition from rivals who make such source code freely available...
Man Held in England for Stealing Cisco Code By MATTHEW FORDAHL    SAN JOSE, Calif. (AP) -- A 20-year-old man has been arrested in England in the theft of the proprietary software blueprints used by Cisco Systems Inc...
Taiwan, Singapore Lead Gov't Online By ELIZABETH ZUCKERMAN    PROVIDENCE, Rhode Island (AP) -- A university study has found Taiwan and Singapore now lead the United States and Canada in providing government services online.    The Brown University survey, in its fourth year, measures the online performance of government in 198 countries...
Unilever Cuts Annual Profit Forecast as Sales Falter (Update8) Unilever, the maker of Lipton tea and Magnum ice cream bars, said third-quarter earnings will fall and cut its annual profit forecast after sales of the company #39;s main brands unexpectedly declined for a second quarter.
Security fears spark move to Linux in Iran Tehran - Iran has become the latest country to edge towards ditching the ubiquitous Microsoft computer operating system in favour of the open-source Linux solution, even if its refusal to abide by copyright laws means that the Islamic republic does not 
Sparks set to fly in Tour of Spain The last six stages of the Tour of Spain are set for sparks to fly in the battle for the final triumph in Madrid next Sunday. Roberto Heras leads by only 
Lennar #39;s 3rd-Qtr Profit Rises 12, Boosts Estimates (Update1) Lennar Corp., the No. 3 US homebuilder by stock market value, said fiscal third-quarter profit rose 12 percent, higher than analysts estimated.
UK government joins Office source-code scheme The UK government is at the forefront of a Microsoft scheme allowing access to the Office 2003 source code. Microsoft is to extend a programme offering governments access to its software code, it announced on Sunday.
Camacho likely to quit as reports reveal Jose Antonio Camacho might quit as Real Madrid coach on Monday after offering his resignation to clubpresident Florentino Perez, Spanish media reported.
Dulko an easy winner in Beijing Beijing, China (Sports Network) - Gisela Dulko of Argentina posted a straight- set victory over Hungarian Aniko Kapros in the first round of the \$585,000 China Open.
Nike Profit Up on Strong U.S. Demand (Reuters) Reuters - Nike Inc. , the world's\largest athletic shoe company, on Monday reported higher\quarterly profit on strong demand for its namesake products in\the United States.
Nike Profit Up on Strong U.S. Demand  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Nike Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=NKE.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;NKE.N&lt;/A&gt;, the world's  largest athletic shoe company, on Monday reported higher  quarterly profit on strong demand for its namesake products in  the United States.
'Sopranos,' 'Angels' Win Big at Emmys LOS ANGELES - "The Sopranos" finally whacked its competitors in the best drama category at the Emmy Awards, and a comedy series victory for ratings-starved "Arrested Development" proved SOMEBODY was watching - but it was HBO and its record-breaking "Angels in America" that fluttered away with the most trophies.    HBO's megahit about a New Jersey mob family collected the best drama Emmy on its fifth try Sunday, and the channel's "Sex and the City" and "Angels in America" helped cable overshadow the traditional networks...
Unions may strike over Jaguar cuts LONDON, England -- Unions at Jaguar are considering strike action in the wake of a decision by parent company Ford Motor to end production at its Coventry, England plant.
HP boosts share repurchase plan Printer and PC maker Hewlett-Packard Co. said Monday it bought \$1.3 million in common shares back from Merrill Lynch and its board approved the buyback of an additional \$3 billion in shares.
Hackers deploying  #39;bots #39; on a massive scale Hackers have increased their attempts to hijack PCs since the start of the year, with up to 75,000 being compromised daily, according to Symantec.
Iran poised for Linux invasion Tehran - Iran has become the latest country to edge towards ditching the ubiquitous Microsoft computer operating system in favour of the open-source Linux solution, even if its refusal to abide by copyright laws means that the Islamic republic does not 
Hopkins #39; big win, bigger paydays Bernard Hopkins seeks to cash in on his knockout of Oscar De La Hoya, who must ponder an uncertain future. By wire services. LAS VEGAS - Bernard Hopkins #39; future seems certain for once, full of big fights and even bigger paydays.
Edgerrin James runs fro 124 yards, 2 TDs Peyton Manning had plenty of help from the Colts. Steve McNair didn #39;t get the same treatment from his Titans in the first game between the NFL #39;s co-MVP quarterbacks.
India to Ask Private Experts to Determine Extent of HIV Infection &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; India says it will appoint private consultants to determine the number of people infected with the AIDS virus. The Indian government estimates the number at 5.1 million, the second most in the world after South Africa.
Briefly: PMC-Sierra lowers forecast roundup Plus: WebSideStory cuts IPO to 4.4 million shares...BMC looks to simplify network operations...Data center firms settle cookie suit.
Cisco, Veritas roll out storage products IT managers may need more storage to handle all the storage announcements occurring this week at the Storage Decisions show in Chicago.
Samsung creates ultra-small chip Samsung Electronics has succeeded in developing an 8-gigabit flash memory chip, breaking another world record in semiconductors, the company announced yesterday.
Mylan once again defends King deal in face of Icahn stock buy PITTSBURGH Mylan Laboratories again reiterated its commitment to the estimated four (B) billion dollar acquisition of brand-name drug maker King Pharmaceuticals despite Wall Street financier Carl Icahn upping his stake in the company.
Security firm hires teenage accused of writing Sasser virus Sven Jaschan, an 18-year-old from Waffensen in Lower Saxony, who is also thought to be behind the Netsky virus and is currently awaiting trial for writing the Sasser worm, could be about to start work with German firewall company Securepoint.
Comdial extends SIP to branch offices With the economy slowly turning up, upgrading hardware has been on businesses radar in the past 12 months as their number two priority.
Yanks Tattoo Martinez, Sox In 11-1 Rout NEW YORKA weekend which began with rain and hope ended in sunshine and frustration for the Red Sox. Pedro Martinez allowed a two-run home run to Gary Sheffield on the fourth pitch of the game and the Yankees 
Mello wins first ATP title Boca Ratons Vince Spadea became the latest victim of the top seed curse that has existed at the Delray Beach-based tournament since it began in 1993.
Solberg steals win with a  #39;flying finish #39; Newtowns Phil Mills tasted further world championship glory yesterday when he co-drove Petter Solberg to victory in the Wales Rally GB.
Megson hands backing to Purse West Brom boss Gary Megson has defended Darren Purse following Fulham manager Chris Coleman #39;s verbal attack on the Baggies centre-back.
FA in brawl probe The FA are certain to investigate the brawl which broke out at the Hawthorns during West Brom #39;s 1-1 draw against Fulham. Trouble began in the 83rd minute following Neil Clement #39;s dismissal for fouling Fulham #39;s Luis Boa Morte.
Concert blast investigated ISTANBUL, Turkey Turkish authorities say a grenade might have caused last night #39;s explosion that injured at least 13 people attending a pop concert.
2 American soldiers killed in Afghan fire-fight KABUL, Afghanistan - Two US soldiers died Monday in a fire-fight with insurgents in a troubled southeastern Afghan province, the American military said.
One more feather in ISRO cap India #39;s exclusive satellite for educational services -- Edusat -- was successfully placed into the Geostationary Orbit (GSO) on Monday.
Amazon A9 Search -Is It Really A9 Out of 10? Amazon A9 Search -Is It Really A9 Out of 10?\\Personalization, the search engine buzzword of the year! Every major search engine with public goals has noted that some form of personalization will be implemented into future versions of their engines. What is personalization? It is a buzzword so there are ...
Manmohan Singh seeks to quicken "handsome" GDP growth (Reuters) Reuters - India will improve on its already rapid economic growth levels in the years ahead, Prime Minister Manmohan Singh predicted on Monday.
Nike Profit Up on Strong U.S. Demand  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Nike Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=NKE.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;NKE.N&lt;/A&gt;, the world's  largest athletic shoe company, on Monday reported a 25 percent  rise in quarterly profit, beating analysts' estimates, on  growing demand for its namesake products in the United States.
Stocks Open Down, Oil Up, Colgate Warns  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks opened lower on Monday as  oil prices rose above \$46 a barrel, increasing concern about  corporate profits, while personal products maker  Colgate-Palmolive Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=CL.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;CL.N&lt;/A&gt; warned about earnings.
Unilever Profit Warning Hits Shares  LONDON/AMSTERDAM (Reuters) - Food and consumer goods giant  Unilever cut its annual profit growth forecast by more than a  half on Monday, blaming wet weather which hit ice cream sales  and stiff competition in washing powders and soaps.
NY Times Cuts '04 Profit Targets  NEW YORK (Reuters) - New York Times Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=NYT.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;NYT.N&lt;/A&gt; on Monday  forecast third-quarter and full-year earnings below Wall  Street's average estimates, citing lower-than-expected revenue  so far in September.
Row over Bulgarian budget airline Bulgaria's first budget airline says that the government is driving it out of business.
India launches learning satellite India launches its first learning satellite, aimed at revolutionising the country's educational network.
September #39;s Rate Hike Won #39;t Be the Last Will it be a matter of  quot;one-and-done quot; for Alan Greenspan  amp; Co. at its Sept. 21 policy meeting? Since a quarter-point rate hike at the Federal Open Market Committee meeting on that date seems a fait accompli 
Nike Profit Up on Strong US Demand Nike Inc. (NKE.N: Quote, Profile, Research) , the world #39;s largest athletic shoe company, on Monday reported higher quarterly profit on strong demand for its namesake products in the United States.
US Stocks Slide; Shares of Colgate and PMC-Sierra Decline US stocks fell after Colgate- Palmolive Co., the world #39;s largest toothpaste producer, reduced its profit forecast and PMC-Sierra Inc.
Manmohan praises contribution of Indian diaspora Prime Minister Manmohan Singh lavished generous praiseon the Indian diaspora, particularly in the US and Britain, calling them a  quot;bridge quot; between their adopted land and India and said the country took  quot;pride in their achievements quot;.
Read Madrid coach Camacho steps down Real Madrid accepted the resignation of coach Jose Antonio Camacho on Monday, two days after a loss to Espanyol that was its second in four days.
Winslow breaks leg in Browns #39; loss Kellen Winslow Jr. broke his right leg during the Cleveland Browns #39; loss against Dallas and is expected to miss a major portion of his rookie season.
EU says no Turkey entry talks without penal code reform BRUSSELS - The European Union cannot start entry negotiations with Turkey unless Ankara adopts a reform of its penal code, a European Commission spokesman said on Monday.
Yukos cuts oil exports to China MOSCOW The Russian oil giant Yukos has said that it would immediately reduce some of its rail exports of crude oil to China in what appears to be the first time that Yukos #39;s ability to transport oil has been affected by its tax dispute with the Russian 
Airline alliance downed in court Aviation industry analysts expect Qantas to head in a different direction now the Air NZ alliance is off. Picture:Reuters. Qantas #39; plans to take a 22.
Lennar 3Q profit up by 12 Home builder Lennar Corp. reported a 12 percent rise in quarterly profit Monday, and a stable economy led it to raise its profit forecasts for the current and following year.
SEC chairman hits out at reform critics The chief US financial regulator has hit back at critics of  quot;over-regulation quot; and accused many US bosses of failing to provide  quot;ethical quot; leadership for their companies.
MCI said looking for buyers WASHINGTON (CBS.MW) -- MCI reportedly is looking for a buyer and has hired a trio of law firms to help the company explore its options.
Microsoft #39;s Open Sesame Moment When you #39;re a company under the watchful eye of governments around the globe for being the 800-pound gorilla of the computer industry, it helps to play nice.
Amazon offers 1.57 discount to A9 search users Online retailer Amazon.com is offering a 1.57 shopping discount to registered users of its new A9 Web search service as a way to increase A9 use and promote buying on Amazon, the company #39;s Web site showed Friday.
Career Imperative: Get Inside The Boss #39; Head JP Morgan Chase #39;s decision to in-source the bulk of the IT operations it recently outsourced points to what could be one of the great career-planning hazards over the next couple years: Divining what direction IT strategy is headed.
Russia may have to delay ISS crew launch Russia may have to delay October #39;s planned launch of the next International Space Station crew by up to 10 days to fix a problem on the spacecraft that is to carry them into orbit, Russian news agencies reported.
Increase website traffic by giving away cars Oprah.com and Pontiac.com see  quot;massive quot; website traffic as a result of the giveaway. If you ever want to increase traffic to your website, just try giving away 276 Pontiac G6 automobiles.
Brian Clough dead at 69 A hospital spokeswoman said the European Cup winner, who was 69, had been suffering from stomach cancer. 1955: Makes his League debut in a game against Barnsley.
Mello Steals First Career Title From Spadea at Delray Beach Unseeded Brazilian Ricardo Mello  quot;Yello quot; won his first career title in his first career final Sunday at the ATP stop in Delray Beach, upsetting local favorite and No.
Classic 5,000 metres in store at Helsinki A race for the ages is in prospect at next year #39;s Helsinki world championships if three of the world #39;s great runners stay fit, healthy and focused.
Chinese leadership transition completed MARK COLVIN: In China, President Hu Jintao has now assumed control of the military, marking his rise to full power after a leadership change that began in late 2002.
Beheadings of 3 on videotape Militants sawed off the heads of three hostages believed to be Iraqi Kurds in a grisly videotape that surfaced Sunday, hours after Iraq #39;s prime minister said January elections would be held on schedule.
India Launches First Education Satellite India #39;s space agency said it successfully launched the nation #39;s first satellite for educational services on Monday, which is expected to boost distance learning in a country with a huge rural population.
Unilever cuts profit forecast and shares tumble LONDON Unilever, the world #39;s largest maker of food and soap products, cut its profit forecast on Monday, sending its shares to their lowest level in four years.
NY Times Cuts  #39;04 Profit Targets New York Times Co. (NYT) on Monday forecast third-quarter and full-year earnings below Wall Street #39;s average estimates, citing lower-than-expected revenue so far in September.
First trial offers window on intricate Enron deals As the first criminal trial stemming from the financial deals at Enron opened in Houston on Monday, it is notable as much for who is not among the six defendants as who is - and for how little money was involved compared with how much in other Enron 
SEC shouldn #39;t let fees go too far The Securities and Exchange Commission is closing in on the last of a series of reforms to protect mutual fund investors. One involves the fee charged to investors to pay for marketing and distribution of fund shares, called a 12b-1 fee.
UK Man Held Over Cisco Source Code Theft Police said on Monday they have arrested a 20-year-old British man on suspicion of stealing Cisco Systems (CSCO.O: Quote, Profile, Research) source code, the basic instructions for the machines that direct Internet traffic across the 
Patriots-Cardinals highlights Running back Corey Dillon carried 32 times for 158 yards. His performance, blemished only by a fumble that led to three Arizona points, was especially important because Tom Brady did not have one of his better days.
Did the rivalry mean more to Bears? The Bears looked like patsies coming into Lambeau Field Sunday, but they upset the Packers 21-10 in the home opener at Green Bay. Was it because the traditional rivalry meant more to the Bears?
Tropical Storm Kills at Least 90 in Haiti GONAIVES, Haiti Sept. 20, 2004 - Raging floodwaters brought by Tropical Storm Jeanne killed at least 90 people in Haiti and left families huddled on rooftops as the storm pushed further out into the open seas, officials said.
Latham the brawler should know better HOW can you argue against attacking groups and individuals who want to plant bombs and kill innocent Australian civilians? Mark Latham believes he can mount and argue such a position (though he has given no coherent reason).
Musharraf and Singh meet Friday ISLAMABAD, Pakistan The eagerly awaited first meeting between President Pervez Musharraf of Pakistan and Prime Minister Manmohan Singh of India will be held Friday in New York, a Pakistani official said Monday.
Execution Deadline Passes for US, UK Hostages  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - An execution deadline for two Americans  and a Briton kidnapped in central Baghdad by militants  demanding the release of women prisoners by U.S. forces in Iraq  expired Monday with no word on their fate.
Afghan Vice President Survives Attack  KABUL (Reuters) - An Afghan vice president survived an  assassination attempt Monday when a remotely controlled device  was detonated near his convoy, while two soldiers from the  U.S.-led coalition were killed in a separate gunbattle.
Nike Profit Up 25 Percent on US Demand Nike Inc. (NKE.N: Quote, Profile, Research) , the world #39;s largest athletic shoe company, on Monday reported a 25 percent rise in quarterly profit, beating analysts 
Mylan says Icahn doesn #39;t understand value of King deal Mylan Laboratories Inc. continued to insist Monday that its \$4 billion acquisition of King Pharmaceuticals Inc. was in the company #39;s best interest, following a meeting last week with Carl Icahn, who opposes the deal.
CORRECTED: Berlin Bans Controversial Arab-Islamic Congress  BERLIN (Reuters) - The Berlin state government said Monday  it had banned an Arab-Islamic Congress due to be held in the  German capital next month to rally support for "resistance and  intifada" in Iraq and the West Bank and Gaza Strip.
Football legend Clough dies Former Nottingham Forest and Derby County manager Brian Clough dies aged 69.
Kerry Lays Out Plan for Peace in Iraq NEW YORK - Sen. John Kerry said Monday that President Bush's invasion of Iraq has created a crisis that could lead to unending war and raises questions about whether Bush's judgment is up to presidential standards...
Oil Hits  #36;46 as YUKOS Cuts China Supply (Reuters) Reuters - Oil prices hit  #36;46 on Monday after\Russia's YUKOS suspended some oil exports to China and concern\lingered over storm-related supply disruptions into the United\States.
Dulko Easily Beats Kapros at China Open (AP) AP - Sixth-seeded Gisela Dulko of Argentina beat Aniko Kapros of Hungary 6-4, 6-1 Monday in the first round of the China Open.
Colgate Warns, Shares Hit 4-Year Low  By Brad Dorfman  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Colgate-Palmolive Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=CL.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;CL.N&lt;/A&gt; on Monday  issued its first formal profit warning in almost a decade,  saying earnings will fall well short of Wall Street forecasts  due to higher marketing spending, sending its shares down 11  percent to a four-year low.
Merrill Cuts Citigroup Rating, Stock Down  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Citigroup Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=C.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;C.N&lt;/A&gt; shares fell more  than 2 percent early Monday, after Merrill Lynch analyst Guy  Moszkowski cut his stock rating to "neutral" from "buy," citing  recent ethics problems.
With anti-terror pledge Indonesian challenger set to win presidential election (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - JAKARTA, Indonesia (AP) - A former general who has pledged to get tough on terrorism and fix the economy was headed for a landslide win over incumbent President Megawati Sukarnoputri in Indonesia's landmark elections Monday, according to a nationwide sampling of votes.
Stratus Unveils Low-End Fault-Tolerant Server (Ziff Davis) Ziff Davis - At half the price of its high-end system, the new ftServer W Series 2300 system offers users an alternative to clusters.
Nike Profit Up 25 Percent on U.S. Demand  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Nike Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=NKE.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;NKE.N&lt;/A&gt;, the world's  largest athletic shoe company, on Monday reported a 25 percent  rise in quarterly profit, beating analysts' estimates, on  strong demand for high-end running and basketball shoes in the  United States.
Abbas, Barghouthi Running Even in Palestinian Poll  JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Former Prime Minister Mahmoud Abbas  and jailed grassroots leader Marwan Barghouthi are  neck-and-neck in the Palestinian presidential election race to  replace Yasser Arafat, an opinion poll showed Monday.
Lennar Profit Up 12 Pct, Shares Fall  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Home builder Lennar Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=LEN.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;LEN.N&lt;/A&gt; on  Monday reported a 12 percent rise in quarterly profit and  raised its forecasts for the current and following year, citing  a stable economy.
Space Station Crew Begins Preflight Exams (AP) AP - The replacement crew for the International Space Station started two days of preflight exams Monday, part of final preparations to relieve the two-man Russian-American crew finishing a six-month mission.
UK Man Held Over Cisco Source Code Theft  LONDON (Reuters) - Police said on Monday they have arrested  a 20-year-old British man on suspicion of stealing Cisco  Systems &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=CSCO.O qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;CSCO.O&lt;/A&gt; source code, the basic instructions for the  machines that direct Internet traffic across the globe.
EA Sees Girl Power Boost with 'Sims 2' Sales  LONDON (Reuters) - Video game giant Electronic Arts expects  to sell 2 million units of the "Sims 2" video game this year in  Europe, proving skeptics wrong that you can't build a market  around female gamers.
Microsoft's Open Sesame Moment When you're a company under the watchful eye of governments around the globe for being the 800-pound gorilla of the computer industry, it helps to play nice.&lt;br&gt;&lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-washingtonpost.com&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
HP Repurchases \$1.3B of Common Stock Hewlett-Packard Co., a maker of computers, printers and information technology systems for businesses, said Monday that it bought back about \$1.3 billion worth of common shares from Merrill Lynch   Co. in an accelerated repurchase program, while its board also approved the repurchase of an added \$3 billion in stock.
Briefly: Firms bundle Web services wares roundup Plus: PMC-Sierra lowers forecast...WebSideStory cuts IPO to 4.4 million shares...BMC looks to simplify network operations.
Systinet, AmberPoint bundle Web services wares The two companies are targeting customers that have invested in a services-oriented architecture.
Oracle v. DOJ: Challenges for PeopleSoft special coverage Court ruling casts pall over software maker's customer bash. Also: How to boost employee morale?
Arrest made in Cisco source code theft The arrest marks a major breakthrough in the case, which involves the posting of more than 800MB of source code from Cisco's Internetwork Operating System (IOS) to a Russian Web site in May.
Computerworld Data Points - CRM Designed to further enhance the value of our Special Report, these Powerpoint slides offer key data and statistics about the choices facing today's IT decision makers regarding CRM.
ObjectStore keeps tabs on RFID data This week ObjectStore, a provider of technology designed to manage massive amounts of data in real time, will unveil RFID Accelerator. The company aims to give to supply chain capabilities similar to those used by financial institutions for executing programmatic trades on the stock exchange.
Hynix involved in accounting fraud in 1999; has already corrected &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; SEOUL (AFX) - The Financial Supervisory Service has announced that Hynix Semiconductor Inc engaged in fraudulent accounting practices involving 1.98 trln won in 1999, but has already corrected this error.
Fallout from Japan private-banking suspension cited NEW YORK (CBS.MW) -- Shares of Citigroup fell after a Merrill Lynch analyst downgraded the Dow Jones Industrial Average component early Monday.
Profit Jumps at Homebuilder Lennar Lennar Corp., one of Florida #39;s largest home builders, Monday posted a 12 percent rise in profit for its latest quarter, despite the interruptions due to Hurricane Charley, as revenue surged.
GM #39;s Lutz: Make it the best Bob Lutz, the 72-year-old vice chairman of General Motors (GM), is on a mission that he likens to pulling the world #39;s largest automaker out of a death spiral.
Rogers Wireless to Purchase Microcell for C\$1.4 Bln (Update1) Rogers Wireless Communications Inc. agreed to buy Microcell Telecommunications Inc. for C\$1.4 billion (\$1.08 billion), beating a bid by Telus Corp.
Hopkins #39; big punch was product of patience Bernard Hopkins #39; fights are studies in boxing #39;s subtleties. He deals in nuances. He doesn #39;t have to be hitting an opponent to be setting him up, as he was Oscar De La Hoya here Saturday night.
Stewart down, but not out It was what every NASCAR NEXTEL Cup Series driver competing in the Chase for the Championship feared - a DNF (Did Not Finish). A poor finish with the accompanying 
Saddam #39;s trial in October; Salem Chalabi resigns court presidency, The Iraqi prime minister Eyad Allawi said yesterday that the trial of the toppled Iraqi regime Saddam Hussein and his aides might start in October.
Afghan Vice President Survives Attack An Afghan vice president survived an assassination attempt Monday when a remotely controlled device was detonated near his convoy, while two soldiers from the US-led coalition were killed in a separate gunbattle.
Iraq's Yawar: 'Armies of Darkness' Won't Stop Vote  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Iraq's interim president told George W.  Bush at the White House on Monday that the "armies of darkness"  would not stop Iraqis voting next month, even though there is  no let up in insurgents' efforts to wreck the election.
Libya Tells Iran: Be Like us and Comply with IAEA (Reuters) Reuters - Libya, which last year renounced its\nuclear weapons program, Monday urged Iran to follow suit and\comply with the demands of the U.N. nuclear watchdog to stop\enriching uranium which can be used to make atomic bombs.
Afghan Vice President Survives Attack, Troops Killed  KABUL (Reuters) - An Afghan vice-president survived an  assassination attempt Monday in the north and two soldiers from  U.S.-led forces were killed in a gunbattle in the southeast, as  violence escalated ahead of an Oct. 9 election.
Capacity for 4,000 MP3 Files Samsung Electronics announced on September 20 that it has succeeded in developing a 1/2000, hair-thin (60 nm) 8-gigabyte NAND flash memory module.
AMD Keeps Its Mobile  #39;Thin And Light #39; AMD (Quote, Chart) expanded its portfolio of mobile Athlon chips in its quest to debunk Intel #39;s Centrino dominance, the company said Monday.
Microsoft launches validation program Microsoft last week quietly launched a pilot program to tackle the increasing problem of software piracy. Windows Genuine Advantage is the first trial of a validation scheme operating on Microsofts Download Center.
Airlines remain as rivals AIR New Zealand #39;s future is uncertain after the country #39;s High Court yesterday ended the long awaited nuptials with Qantas.
Lennar Profit Up 12 Pct, Shares Fall Home builder Lennar Corp. (LEN.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Monday reported a 12 percent rise in quarterly profit and raised its forecasts for the current and following year, citing a stable economy.
First Enron criminal trail gets under way The first criminal trial against any former Enron Corp. employees is scheduled to begin today in Houston. The case is against two ex-Enron workers and four former Merrill Lynch  amp; Co.
PMC-Sierra lowers forecast With the economy slowly turning up, upgrading hardware has been on businesses radar in the past 12 months as their number two priority.
Judge rejects campaign finance rules WASHINGTON With just weeks before the election -- there #39;s concern that the rules on political fund-raising could be  quot;in chaos.
Haiti: Tropical storm Jeanne kills dozens Dozens of people were killed in floods throughout Haiti after tropical storm Jeanne lashed the Caribbean nation during the weekend.
Global mobile users to approach two billion by 2006: Ericsson chief (AFP) AFP - The world will have almost two billion mobile telephone users by 2006 due to growth in emerging markets such as India and China, the head of Swedish giant Ericsson revealed.
Irrepressible Monty Again Flourishes in Cup Arena  BLOOMFIELD HILLS, Michigan (Reuters) - Britain's Colin  Montgomerie has always played like a man possessed in Ryder Cup  matches against the United States.
Kerry Questions Bush's Judgment on Iraq NEW YORK - Sen. John Kerry said Monday that mistakes by President Bush in invading Iraq could lead to unending war and that no responsible commander in chief would have waged the war knowing Saddam Hussein didn't possess weapons of mass destruction and wasn't an imminent threat to the United States...
Colgate-Palmolive, Unilever warn of disappointments Two consumer products giants - Colgate-Palmolive (CL) and Unilever (UL) warned Monday of disappointing outlooks as consumer goods firms across the world struggle with a slowdown in spending by shoppers.
India deserves to be represented in UN Security Council, G-8 &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt;  quot;India with 1.3 billion population ought to be represented in the UN Security Council and involved in the G-8 process, said Tony Blair.
US deficit cuts needed as Japan, Europe target growth WASHINGTON (CBS.MW) -- The world #39;s leading economies should take advantage of a benign global economic outlook to strengthen their domestic economies, said a senior official of the International Monetary Fund.
AMD Launches Mobile Athlon 64 processor 3000 The Mobile AMD Athlon 64 processor 3000 is designed for thin and light mobile PCs, thanks to its reduced thermal design power and low operational voltage.
MS Windows besieged by hackers The number of cyber attacks on Windows operating system rose by 400pc between January June of this year, computer security company Symantec said today.
Ryder-Irrepressible Monty again flourishes in Cup arena Britain #39;s Colin Montgomerie has always played like a man possessed in Ryder Cup matches against the United States. A talismanic figure 
South African cricket reeling under another debacle Durban, Sep 20 (PTI) South African cricket has been thrown into further public scrutiny after the national team crashed out of the ICC Champions Trophy by going down to the West Indies yesterday.
Ransacked Bills 0 for 2 in sloppy loss (September 20, 2004) - OAKLAND, Calif. -ike Mularkey had his back against a cement block wall deep inside Network Associates Coliseum late Sunday.
Adultery law stops Turkey at EU gates TURKEY #39;S 40-year campaign to join the European Union is on the verge of collapse after its Islamist Government scrapped a package of reforms aimed at stamping out  quot;honour killings quot; and torture.
French judges order terror trial Judges in France have ordered six people to stand trial in connection with an alleged plot to attack the United States embassy in Paris in 2001.
Cisco adds to storage switching portfolio Two new products are designed to make it easier for businesses to connect storage computers across long distances.
VoIP provider fears predatory practices To a large degree, the concerns of Net phone provider Nuvio illustrate how the industry has become politically divided.
WebEx Launches Sales Center Expanded Web conferencing service is specifically designed for sales professionals.
Jaguar Lowers Axe on Browns Lane As had been predicted, Ford has announced that car production is to cease at Jaguar #39;s Browns Lane plant in Coventry , England .
Sasser author hired p2pnet.net News:- Sasser author Sven Jaschan has been hired as a programmer by German firewall security firm Securepoint, says UK anti-virus firm Sophos which in July claimed 70 of all virus infections in the first six months of 2004 could be linked to 
Drives cut vidcam bulk ON the heels of devices such as Sanyo #39;s Xacti C1 and Panasonic #39;s D-SNAP, which cut down video camera bulk by writing video to storage cards instead of tape or disc, comes the Everio range from JVC.
Ferdinand excited by return Rio Ferdinand will face Liverpool at Old Trafford on Monday night to end what he claims has been  quot;the longest eight months of my life quot;.
Doubleheader in Florida filled with playoff implications com. There are two weeks left in Octoberquest, and most of the attention today will be on a doubleheader in Florida that was never on the original schedule.
Race against time for Iraqi elections The Americans are saying it, the British Government is saying it and so too is Iyad Allawi. Iraqis will go to the polls by the end of January, come what may.
News: UK police arrest Cisco source code suspect UK police have arrested a man on suspicion of stealing source code from networking giant Cisco. The 20 year-old was arrested following Metropolitan Police Computer Crime Unit raids in Manchester and Derbyshire on 3 September.\
Camacho Quits As Real Madrid's Coach (AP) AP - Jose Antonio Camacho quit as star-studded Real Madrid's coach after just six games and was replaced Monday by assistant Mariano Garcia Remon.
Colgate Warns, Shares Hit 4-Year Low  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Colgate-Palmolive Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=CL.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;CL.N&lt;/A&gt; on Monday  issued its first formal profit warning in almost a decade,  saying earnings will fall well short of Wall Street forecasts  due to higher marketing spending, sending its shares down 11  percent to a four-year low.
Yukos Woes Drive Oil Over \$46 a Barrel  LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices hit \$46 on Monday as Russian  oil giant YUKOS cut some sales to China and was reported to  have suspended oil supplies to Lithuania, as the company's  financial turmoil took its first toll on exports.
Newfound Comet Set for Winter Display (SPACE.com) SPACE.com - Donald Machholz of Colfax, \  California, an optician who has been interested in astronomy since age eight, \  discovered nine comets from 1978 through 1994. He has since spent 1,457 hours \  scanning the skies for other comets, without any luck.
Berlin Bans Controversial Arab-Islamic Congress  BERLIN (Reuters) - The Berlin state government said Monday  it had banned an Arab-Islamic Congress due to be held in the  German capital next month to rally support for Iraqi and  Palestinian "resistance and intifada."
Loyalty study zeroes in on tech stalwarts Report suggests many giants of the industry have been able to capture lasting feelings of customer loyalty.
Samsung unveils 2-gigabyte chip Samsung Electronics announced three breakthroughs in key technologies that promise greater data storage and faster processing for computers and mobile devices such as MP3 audio players.
OSI Jumps on Pancreatic Cancer Trial Shares of OSI Pharmaceuticals Inc. (OSIP.O: Quote, Profile, Research) jumped 13 percent in pre-market trade on Monday after the company #39;s experimental drug was shown to prolong the lives of patients with cancer of the pancreas.
S amp;P 500 drops; Colgate, Unilever shares fall The Standard  amp; Poor #39;s 500 Index dropped as Colgate-Palmolive Co. and Unilever cut profit forecasts, fueling concern consumer demand may be faltering.
Brillian: Sears Ends Agreement to Buy TVs Brillian Corp. , a maker of high-definition televisions based on its own liquid crystal technology, said on Monday that Sears, Roebuck  amp; Co.
Stocks mixed as oil prices lift TSX, add to earnings warnings woes &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; TORONTO (CP) - The Toronto stock market was higher Monday morning as energy stocks benefited from the world crude oil price #39;s move above \$46 US a barrel.
DULLES, Va. The Internet company said Monday that it #39;s launching an online shopping site it says will provide an easy and fast way to compare products from thousands of online merchants.
FOREX-Dollar gains on outlook for Fed rate hikes The dollar rose broadly on Monday as markets braced for a Federal Reserve policy meeting this week that is widely expected to end with a higher federal funds rate, making the dollar a more attractive currency.
Crude futures eclipse \$46-a-barrel mark Crude-oil futures continued higher Monday, rising more than 1 percent amid ongoing nervousness in the energy pits. Free! Sign up here to receive our Internet Daily e-Newsletter!
Cisco source code theft p2pnet.net News:- British police have arrested a man in connection with source code stolen from Cisco Systems. The Metro police computer crime unit,  quot;searched residences in Manchester and Derbyshire, England, on Sept.
The Sims 2 Developed by Maxis and published by Electronic Arts for Windows 98 and later; \$49.99 (US); ages 17 and older. Rachel loves Mike. Mike loves Rachel.
WebEx, Genesys enhance conferencing services Two Web conferencing service providers, WebEx and Genesys Conferencing, separately are updating their applications to offer more features.
China #39;s online shopping in web of problems Creaky banking and postal systems are conspiring against Chinese shoppers snapping up books and cosmetics over the internet, holding back a market that has lured the likes of eBay and Amazon.
Big  #39;ead, big mouth, big talent It #39;s a sad reflection on the pace of modern life that many in football have already lost sight of Brian Clough #39;s achievements.
Harmison is out of Africa THE England and Wales Cricket Board have confirmed Steve Harmison will face no action for pulling out of November #39;s tour to Zimbabwe.
Junior jumps to lead Earnhardt #39;s third-place finish in the Sylvania 300 yesterday at New Hampshire International Speedway, the best showing of his career at the 1.058-mile flat track, was good enough 
Ponting out to spoil England #39;s party With a series of plans for Andrew Flintoff and a distinct lack of concern for his batting teammates, Ricky Ponting believes Australia will be able to turn the lights out on England #39;s 
China #39;s Ex-Premier Resigns Military Post Description: Former Chinese President Jiang Zemin steps down as the head of the Chinese military, completing the first orderly handover of power in the history of the Chinese communist state.
Israeli Troops Kill Palestinian Man Approaching Jewish Settlement &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Israeli troops Monday shot and killed a Palestinian man near a Jewish settlement in the Gaza Strip. The Israeli army said soldiers shot the man, as he approached the settlement of Gush Katif.
Family plea for British hostage The family of British hostage Kenneth Bigley have made an appeal to his kidnappers not to harm him, as the deadline for their demands approaches.
Putin at War: Unscripted Three days after the tragedy of Beslan ended, we sat for over three and a half hours with Vladimir Putin. Between picking up the pieces of the worst Russian terror attack to date and planning 
GSLV carrying EDUSAT blasts off from Sriharikota Sriharikota, Sept 20 (ANI) : India added another feather to its cap in space technology and stole a march over other countries by launching EDUSAT, its first exclusive satellite for educational sector, from here on Monday.
Samsung Develops First 60-Nanometer 8-GB NAND Flash Memory Samsung #39;s advanced 60nm process technology is two thousandths the width of a piece of human hair and achieves approximately 30 percent reduction in cell size over the 70nm 4Gb NAND Flash memory developed last year.
Update 2: Roche Says Drug Improves Chemotherapy Swiss drug giant Roche said Monday that its Tarceva drug improves the results of chemotherapy in prolonging the lives of patients with advanced pancreatic cancer.
Export, Hurricane Woes Lift Oil Prices Oil prices rose Monday morning, climbing toward \$46 per barrel, after reports that embattled Russian oil giant Yukos suspended some oil exports to China and as traders expect further declines in the US petroleum supply due to production, refining and 
AOL Launches Comparison Shopping Site America Online has launched an online shopping site it says will provide an easy and fast way to compare products from thousands of online merchants.
The Sims 2 FINALLY, after a gaggle of expansion packs, the sequel to The Sims has landed, and those who enjoyed the original are in for a treat.
Ryder Cup Q  amp; A Europe travelled to America as underdogs to retain the Ryder Cup but surprised everyone by inflicting their heaviest-ever defeat on their hosts.
Minnesota Twins Team Report - September 20 (Sports Network) - The Minnesota Twins will try to lock up their third consecutive AL Central title tonight, when they begin a three-game set against the second-place Chicago White Sox at US Cellular Field.
Must-wins for Marlins Big Day: This is probably the Marlins #39; last chance to get back in the wild-card race in earnest, their final Hail Mary play. If they sweep this doubleheader -- rescheduled, because of Hurricane 
'Tough on terror' platform reigns (USATODAY.com) USATODAY.com - One TV ad shows a dark-haired "terrorist" scoping out a nuclear power plant through binoculars and taking photos of a passing train. Another shows black smoke pouring from the World Trade Center towers.
Jarden Buying Mr. Coffee's Maker  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Consumer products company Jarden Corp.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=JAH.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;JAH.N&lt;/A&gt; on Monday said it would buy American Household Inc. for  \$745.6 million, adding Mr. Coffee and an array of other  housewares to its product line.
ETA Sets Off 7 Bombs Across Spain, at Least 5 Hurt  MADRID (Reuters) - The Basque separatist group ETA set off  bombs in seven cities across Spain on Monday, slightly wounding  five people and escalating their renewed fight for independence  on the day Spaniards celebrate unity.
YUKOS Woes Drive Oil Above \$46 a Barrel  LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices hit \$46 on Monday after  Russian oil giant YUKOS said it would cut some oil shipments to  China, the first toll on exports from the company's financial  turmoil.
Blue Chips Off, Semiconductors Lift Techs  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Blue chips fell on Monday as investors  fretted over higher oil prices and companies warning of lower  earnings, but buying of semiconductor shares helped to reverse  Nasdaq's losses.
Monty Hailed as Hero of Stunning Victory  LONDON (Reuters) - When Colin Montgomerie's final putt  plopped into the hole on the 18th green at Oakland Hills on  Sunday, it clinched a remarkable Ryder Cup triumph and soothed  the Scot's personal anguish.
Report: Islamist Group Frees 18 Iraqi Soldiers  DUBAI (Reuters) - An Islamist group has released 18 Iraqi  soldiers it had captured and threatened to kill unless an aide  to Shi'ite rebel cleric Moqtada al-Sadr was released, Arabic  television Al Jazeera reported Monday.
Fortress to Buy Stelmar Shipping  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Private equity firm Fortress  Investment Group LLC agreed to buy Stelmar Shipping Ltd. for  \$677 million only a few months after the oil tanker operator  fended off a hostile bid from its rival OMI Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=OMM.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;OMM.N&lt;/A&gt;,  Stelmar said on Monday.
Column: Ryder Cup Promised Much But Delivered Little  BLOOMFIELD HILLS, Michigan (Reuters) - Bigger than the  Olympics boasted one paper. Excitement is a gimme promised  another.
Nike sprints to quarterly growth Nike, the US sports footwear and clothing firm, unveils a 26 rise in first quarter income, thanks to the Olympics raising its profile.
Heikki Kovalainen looses ground in Estoril The Finnish driver has had a disappointing weekend in Estoril: he finished 13th and 3rd However, he keeps the lead in the championship.
Ukrainian Opposition Says Poll Deal in Hand  KIEV (Reuters) - Ukraine's opposition said on Monday it had  reached a deal that could end a stand-off with outgoing  President Leonid Kuchma's government, smoothing a re-run of  rigged presidential polls.
The QBs Give It Away Quarterbacks Mark Brunell and Patrick Ramsey waste another day of good defense and, worse yet, let a reeling division rival off the hook.
Are you a  quot;likely voter quot;? In the weeks leading up to November in the US, it #8217;s abundantly clear that this is not  #8220;election season #8221; but rather  #8220;polling season #8221;; with the actual voting still some ways off, our pundits must resort to polls and surveys as an estimate of what the will of the people will be on Election Day. But just how accurate are the samples in those polls?
Stocks Mixed on Oil Prices, Profit Outlook NEW YORK - Higher oil prices and lowered outlooks from companies including Colgate-Palmolive Co., Unilever PLC and the New York Times Co. sent stocks sliding Monday, although tech shares rallied on strong performance in the semiconductor sector...
Ivan's Remnants Flood Parts of East HARRISBURG, Pa. - Rivers swelled with water dumped by Hurricane Ivan's remains from Ohio to Maryland, forcing thousands to evacuate, submerging a stadium and leading one town to haul out snowplows to shovel the muck...
Ad spend to rise further in 2005 The advertising market will be stronger in 2005 than previously thought, ad industry experts say.
Arrest made in Cisco source code theft ITWorld: Police in the UK have arrested a man in connection with the theft of source code from networking equipment maker Cisco Systems Inc.
AMD Debuts Athlon 64 3000 According to AMD, the Mobile AMD Athlon 64 processor 3000 is the first processor manufactured with AMD #39;s 90-nanometer technique, a semiconductor process designed to enable higher performance without increased power consumption.
Microsoft #39;s pirate-check trial Microsoft has introduced a new, optional trial as part of the Windows download website. The Windows Genuine Advantage program asks visitors to the site whether it is okay for Microsoft to check whether they 
Site plans to help fans find offbeat sounds The Internet has long carried the promise of being an outlet for new writers, artists and independent musicians. But to David Pakman, the chief operating officer of eMusic, an online music distributor, that promise has been fading.
English Premier League match reports Graeme Souness got off to a winning Premier League start as Newcastle claimed their first away league victory in 17 attempts. An own goal by David Prutton had Newcastle ahead, Anders Svensson equalised eight 
Bush Tours Florida; New Hurricane Heads to Sea Description: President Bush tours devastation in Florida caused by Hurricane Ivan, which is now blamed for 49 US deaths. Tropical storm Jeanne, meanwhile, is headed out to sea after battering Haiti and the 
Iran Says It May Resume Uranium Enrichment Any Time Iran may resume uranium enrichment  quot;any moment, quot; the nation #39;s Intelligence Minister warned as Tehran toughened its rhetoric against an international demand it stop all enrichment activities to allay global concerns it is developing nuclear weapons.
Spurious argument pre-empts 0-0 draw THE kindest label that can be attached to the John Howard-Mark Latham stoush on terrorism over the past two days is  quot;beat-up quot;.
Chechens See Old Hostilities in New Moscow Policy Description: Tensions between Russia and Chechnya escalated with the rebel seizure of a school in Beslan earlier this month. Chechen separatists claim the violence stems from decades of abuse by Russian authorities seeking to take control of the region.
Microsoft #39;s Launches New Piracy Check Program Last week, Microsoft quietly launched a program to address piracy issues with their software. The new program called  quot;Windows Genuine Advantage quot; is a new validation on Microsoft #39;s download center.
Inphonic Sets IPO Price Range Inphonic Inc., an online retailer of wireless services and equipment, on Monday said it plans to sell 7 million common shares at \$15 to \$17 apiece in its initial public offering, according to an amended regulatory filing.
EA Sees Girl Power Boost with 'Sims 2' Sales &lt;p&gt;\&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; By Bernhard Warner&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; LONDON (Reuters) - Video game giant Electronic Arts expects\to sell 2 million units of the "Sims 2" video game this year in\Europe, proving skeptics wrong that you can't build a market\around female gamers.&lt;/p&gt;
JBoss ships J2EE app server Open-source software maker releases big update to Java-based application server program.
Open source moves to network management A California-based start-up says the open-source business model makes sense for network monitoring, a services-intensive area.
Viruses keep on growing The volume of worms and viruses is increasing, but the rate of successful attacks has dropped, according to Symantec.
Report: Islamist Group Frees 18 Iraqi Soldiers (Reuters) Reuters - An Islamist group has released 18 Iraqi\soldiers it had captured and threatened to kill unless an aide\to Shi'ite rebel cleric Moqtada al-Sadr was released, Arabic\television Al Jazeera reported Monday.
China Sees End of an Era (Los Angeles Times) Los Angeles Times - BEIJING  #8212; More than a year after becoming China's president, Hu Jintao was handed the full reins of power Sunday when his predecessor, Jiang Zemin, gave up the nation's most powerful military post.
US internet ad revenues up 42.7 percent to record (AFP) AFP - Internet advertising revenues in the United States surged 42.7 percent in the second quarter compared with the same period a year ago to 2.37 billion dollars, an industry group revealed.
Russia Reassures India on UN Security Council Bid (Reuters) Reuters - Russia said Saturday India should\become a veto-wielding permanent member of the United Nations\Security Council if the U.N.'s top decision-making body is\enlarged to reflect post-Cold War realities.
Merrill Cuts Citigroup, Shares Drop  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Citigroup Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=C.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;C.N&lt;/A&gt; shares fell as  much as 2.75 percent on Monday after a prominent Wall Street  analyst downgraded the world's largest financial services  company, citing a string of recent ethics problems.  Analysts say the blows to Citigroup's reputation might be a  function of the New York-based giant's size and far-flung  businesses.
Court: Cop's Sex Tapes Aren't Free Speech (AP) AP - The naked truth, the Supreme Court says, is that the Constitution's free speech guarantee doesn't protect a police officer who used the Internet to sell videotapes of himself stripping off his uniform and pretending to write tickets.
Tech groups push for R D credit, Internet tax ban WASHINGTON-- With the U.S. Congress winding down its work for 2004, technology lobbying groups are stepping up their push for lawmakers to pass several pieces of legislation, including extensions to a research and development (R D) tax credit and an Internet access tax moratorium.
Web services software vendors offer SOA package Web services software vendors AmberPoint and Systinet are now selling an integrated suite of software for service-oriented architectures, featuring products from both companies.
Congress Seeks Environmental-Farming Money (AP) AP - The House voted Monday to protect aid to farmers who convert to environmentally sound practices. The measure, now on its way to President Bush, would block the Agriculture Department from tapping some of the funding for administrative expenses. The USDA's use of program money for overhead costs farmers about  #36;150 million a year that could help them learn farming methods that protect air, water and wildlife, said Environmental Defense spokesman Scott Faber.
Microsoft launches mini-attack on data back-up market &lt;strong&gt;Storage Decisions&lt;/strong&gt; File server help
News: Rise of the Botnets The first half of 2004 saw a huge increase in zombie PCs. Also called bots, their average numbers monitored by security firm Symantec rose between January and June from under 2,000 to more than 30,000 per day - peaking at 75,000 on one day.\
Update 1: Report: Yukos to Halt Refinery Supplies The board of Russia #39;s embattled oil giant Yukos will halt crude supplies to Baltic refinery Mazeikiu Nafta until the end of the year, the Interfax agency reported Monday - just hours after Yukos confirmed a similar move involving a Chinese company.
Jaguar faces strike ballot Union members at Jaguar today voted overwhelmingly to oppose closure at the Browns Lane plant in Coventry and backed a call for an industrial action ballot.
Hewlett-Packard Buys Back \$1.3B in Stock Hewlett-Packard Co. Monday said it bought back \$1.3 billion in stock and announced a plan to buy back another \$3 billion in shares over the next several months.
UPDATE 2-Citigroup rating cut by Merrill, shares fall Citigroup Inc. shares fell as much as 2.75 percent Monday after a prominent Wall Street analyst downgraded the world #39;s largest financial services company, citing a string of recent ethics problems.
More Security Attacks Motivated By Greed, Symantec Reports There #39;s good news and bad news on the security front. Internet security company Symantec Corp. on Monday released its Internet Security Threat Report, which provides a six-month snapshot 
JBoss ships J2EE app server com September 20, 2004, 9:38 AM PT. This fourth priority #39;s main focus has been improving or obtaining CRM and ERP software for the past year and a half.
PeopleSoft #39;s Prospects Top Agenda at Show SEPTEMBER 20, 2004 (COMPUTERWORLD) - At PeopleSoft Inc. #39;s Connect 2004 conference in San Francisco this week, the software vendor is expected to face questions from users about its ability to fend off Oracle Corp.
AMD Introduces 64-Bit Mobile Processor AMD has launched the Mobile AMD Athlon 64 processor, a low-power version of its 32/64-bit chip aimed at the thin-and-light notebook market.
Oprah #39;s Car Giveaway, Majorly Boosted Site Traffic comScore Networks today released a late-breaking analysis of Web visitation related to Oprahs heavily publicized giveaway of 276 Pontiac G6 automobiles to audience members on September 13.
Ljoboja Disgusted By Squad Slight Paris St. Germain fan favorite Danijel Ljuboja has hit out at coach Vahid Halilhodzic for dropping him for a crunch Sunday visit from Champions League runners up Monaco.
Flintoff The Key Say Captains BIRMINGHAM (AFP) - Rival captains Michael Vaughan and Ricky Ponting both pinpointed all-rounder Andrew Flintoff as the vital player in Tuesday #39;s Champions Trophy semi-final between England and Australia here at Edgbaston.
Vizquel hoping he #39;s not done with Indians Omar Vizquel #39;s days with the Cleveland Indians could be dwindling. And although free agency beckons for the Gold Glove shortstop, he can #39;t imagine playing for any other team.
Indonesia Votes For Change As Ex-general On Track For Landslide &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; JAKARTA (AFP) - Indonesia cast an emphatic vote for change in a landmark poll which saw incumbent President Megawati Sukarnoputri headed for defeat at the hands of a former general who has promised better security and economic reform.
Car Explodes in Gaza City, One Dead An explosion tore apart a car in Gaza City Monday, killing at least one person, Palestinian witnesses said. They said Israeli warplanes were circling overhead at the time of the blast, indicating a possible missile strike.
Anxious Wait for News of British Hostage The family of British hostage Kenneth Bigley was anxiously awaiting news of his fate tonight after the apparent deadline for his execution in Iraq passed.
Two US soldiers killed in Afghan battle KABUL, Afghanistan - Two US soldiers were killed in a firefight with insurgents Monday, while an Afghan vice president escaped a bomb attack on his convoy in the latest assassination attempt on a political leader ahead of key elections.
Leaders Spotlight Gap Between Rich, Poor (AP) AP - Poverty is "the most destructive weapon of mass destruction," Brazil's president said Monday as world leaders spotlighted the growing gap between rich and poor and the often devastating impact of globalization on millions of people trying to eke out a living.
CA May Be Close to Settling Fraud Charge (AP) AP - Computer Associates International Inc. and federal prosecutors reportedly are near a deal that could end a two-year accounting fraud investigation of the software company.
IBM Taps RFID Midmarket (Ziff Davis) Ziff Davis - Despite significant RFID adoption from the biggest companies, IBM is turning its attention to the midmarket.
CBS Says It Was Misled Over Bush Military Memos (Reuters) Reuters - In a blow to its credibility, CBS News\said on Monday it had been misled over the authenticity of\documents it aired in a story challenging President Bush's\military service and announced it was mounting an internal\investigation.
IMF #39;s Rato says US should cut budget deficit WASHINGTON : The United States should cuts its fiscal and trade deficits, while Europe and Japan should take steps to boost economic growth, IMF managing director Rodrigo Rato revealed.
Drugstore.com: wider loss on lower sales BELLEVUE, Wash. -- Drugstore.com Inc. Monday widened its third-quarter loss projection and lowered its revenue forecast. The company said sales from its Vision Direct Corp.
Viruses keep on growing The volume of worms and viruses is increasing, but the rate of successful attacks has dropped, according to a new report from Symantec.
PeopleSoft Tool Maps Integrations As the specter of an Oracle Corp. takeover hovers overhead, PeopleSoft Inc. is doing what it can to solidify its user base and help enterprises better manage its products.
Sito accreditato da: AMD : sicurezza e prestazioni ottimali con il nuovo processore mobile per notebook leggeri e sottili; Acer Inc. preme sull #39;acceleratore con il nuovo notebook a marchio Ferrari.
UN: 40 Nations Have Ability to Make Nuclear Weapons Copyright 2004 Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. VIENNA, Austria (AP) - More than 40 countries with peaceful nuclear programs 
Markets question when Fed will pause on rate hikes (AFP) AFP - With little doubt about the Federal Reserve's plans for a quarter-point rate hike, financial markets were focusing on another question: When will the Fed stop?
N. Korea Won't Give Up Nuke Development (AP) AP - North Korea said Monday that it will not give up nuclear development in light of unauthorized nuclear experiments by South Korea, where U.N. inspectors nuclear inspectors were conducting an investigation.
Statements by CBS News President, Rather (AP) AP - Statement by CBS News President Andrew Heyward and Dan Rather about the authenticity of documents used to support a "60 Minutes" story that questioned President Bush's Vietnam War-era National Guard service:
Search for Amazon wreck victims Rescuers search for victims after a ship capsizes in the Amazon region of Brazil, killing at least 15 people.
Kerry Says Iraq War Raises Questions on Bush's Judgment Senator John Kerry said today that the war in Iraq was a "profound diversion" from the war on terror and Osama bin Laden.
CBS Says It Can't Vouch for Bush Documents CBS admitted today that it cannot vouch for the authenticity of documents used to support a story that questioned President Bush's National Guard service.
Jaguar workers closer to strike action over job cuts LONDON : Jaguar car workers will vote on whether to strike in protest at Ford #39;s decision to halt production of the luxury vehicle at a plant in central England with the loss of over 1,000 jobs, union leaders warned.
Hutchison Whampoa Unit Expects To Raise Up to 1.13 Billion in IPO The price range for the shares is for institutional clients and excludes brokerage fees. It values Hutchison Telecom at between US\$3.
Rogers Wireless trumps rival with \$1B Microcell deal Canadian telecommunications provider Rogers Communications Inc. reported that its wireless subsidiary Rogers Wireless Communications Inc.
US Airways loses loans for 100 Jets - Wash Post US Airways lost the financing for nearly 100 regional jets that were to be a key part of the bankrupt airline #39;s restructuring plan, The Washington Post reported on Saturday.
Medarex, Pfizer team up for \$510M project Medarex Inc., a Princeton, NJ, biotechnology company, could receive up to \$510 million under a global collaboration deal it signed with New York-based Pfizer Inc.
Microsoft releases Office source code to governments Redmond software company Microsoft Corp. said it will add the source code of its Office 2003 flagship software suite to its program for sharing the details of its products with government entities.
Big IT deals apparently losing shine An early end to International Business Machines Corp. #39;s contract with JP Morgan Chase  amp; Co. reveals how mega information-technology outsourcing deals are falling out of favor, with both IT services companies and their customers.
IETF Panel Deals Setback to Microsoft #39;s Spam Proposal SEPTEMBER 20, 2004 (IDG NEWS SERVICE) - An antispam technology proposed by Microsoft Corp. as a standard way of identifying the senders of e-mail messages suffered a blow this month when a group within the 
Cowboys notch win IRVING, Texas-What could have been a breather had Dallas coach Bill Parcells gasping for air here Sunday afternoon at Texas Stadium.
Former US-trained general projects a reputation for strength, calm Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono, a retired four-star general trained in the United States, led the fight against Indonesia #39;s main al-Qaida-linked militant group.
Afghan deputy escapes blast A DEPUTY to US-backed President Hamid Karzai escaped a roadside bombing in northern Afghanistan today, just four days after Mr Karzai himself was targeted as he attempted to hit 
Sunni clerics killed in Baghdad Two influential Sunni Muslim clerics were killed in Iraq, and authorities awaited word Monday on the fate of three groups of hostages, including a Briton and two Americans.
Briefly: Corel updates Painter roundup Plus: Hyperion targets broader base...JBoss ships J2EE app server...Firms bundle Web services wares...PMC-Sierra lowers forecast.
Cisco's P-Cube aims to stop spam at source The start-up, soon to be acquired by Cisco, adds feature to help broadband service providers fight "zombie" attacks.
PalmOne taps out keyboard for rival devices New add-ons include a wireless keyboard that works with PDAs and smart phones from HP and Dell as well as its own.\
Hynix cooked books in 1999 Hynix Semiconductor Inc., the world #39;s fourth biggest memory chip maker last year, engaged in accounting frauds between 1999 and 2003 that total nearly 2 trillion won, Korea #39;s financial regulator said yesterday.
UPDATE 3-Rogers bids C\$1.4 bln for Microcell, tops Telus Rogers Wireless Communications Inc. (RCMb.TO: Quote, Profile, Research) launched a friendly C\$1.4 billion (\$1.07 billion) cash bid for Microcell Telecommunications Inc.
UPDATE 1-Rato asserts stronger IMF role in rich countries The new head of the International Monetary Fund on Monday signaled the lender would take a larger role in speaking out about policies in the world #39;s richest nations if they pose global economic risks.
IBM Tops IT Loyalty Survey NEW YORK - These days, technology providers take nothing for granted, especially their customers: There are plenty of stories of providers going to extraordinary lengths to win and keep customers.
Fulham Could Face Severe Punishment Fulham face the prospect of severe punishment after the Football Association threw the book at the club following Saturdays stormy match against West Brom.
Britain says pressure on Sudan to intensify Khartoum if it does not stop Arab militia terrorising African farmers in the remote western province.  quot;I first discussed the crisis in Darfur when I was in Khartoum in December ... They 
Britain Releases Man Held Since Dec. 2001 An Algerian who has been held without trial or charges since 2001 under anti-terrorism laws was freed by the British government Monday, his lawyer said.
Jaguar workers plan strike over job cuts Workers at Ford #39;s main Jaguar assembly plant have agreed to take a ballot on possible strike action over job cuts at the hard-pressed carmaker.
Samsung Electronics claims industry first with 2-Gb DDR2 SDRAM SEOUL (AFX) - Samsung Electronics Co Ltd said it has developed the industry #39;s first 2-Gigabit (Gb) DDR2 SDRAM utilizing 80-nanometer (nm) process technology.
Memory Chip Maker Hynix Accused of \$1.75B Fraud Hynix used such deceptive accounting methods as substituting expenses with assets under construction from 1996, the Financial Supervisory Service says.
Citigroup Scandal Leads Banks Lower Citigroup Inc. led shares of financial services stocks lower Monday after Japanese regulators ordered the company to close down its private-banking operations, a move that triggered a downgrade from a major Wall Street brokerage.
Alitalia Holding Relaunch Plan Meeting After winning union backing for job cuts, Alitalia was holding a board of directors meeting Monday to approve a restructuring plan aimed at saving the near-bankrupt Italian carrier from collapse.
Maxim Pharmaceuticals cancer drug disappoints in trials SAN DIEGO - Shares of Maxim Pharmaceuticals Inc. nearly halved in value Monday, following news that its Ceplene drug failed to improve survival in a trial of patients with malignant melanoma where the cancer had spread to the liver.
Microsoft Opens Up Is Microsoft (Nasdaq: MSFT) opening up? The tech giant said today that it plans to reveal the source code for its Office 2003 product (a suite that includes such well-known applications as Outlook, Excel, and Word) to government clients.
Symantec: Attacks Targeting E-Commerce Internet-based assaults continue to be a major concern, according to a new report from security software maker Symantec. The time from discovery of a vulnerability to attacks exploiting that vulnerability is shrinking.
Who do you love? Cisco, Dell and Microsoft earn raves in a customer loyalty survey. Apple, HP and Sun? Not so much. NEW YORK (CNN/Money) - Executives at Cisco, Dell, Microsoft and IBM don #39;t need to worry about losing a lot 
Man held in Cisco case British police have arrested a 20-year-old man in northern England on suspicion of involvement in the theft and posting in May of a key piece of software from Cisco Systems.
Former Nottingham Forest manager Clough dead at 69 Brian Clough, the charismatic coach who led Nottingham Forest to consecutive European Cup titles in 1979-80 and became known as the  quot;best manager England never had, quot; died Monday.
Suddenly, Auburn may be the team to beat Auburn junior offensive tackle Marcus McNeill sounded a little Zen-like, especially after an afternoon that was anything but non-violent.
Report: \$15M ransom for Urbina #39;s mother Kidnappers of Maura Villareal, mother of Detroit Tigers relief pitcher Ugueth Urbina, have demanded a ransom payment of \$15 million, according to Venezuela Electronic News.
Maradona finally heads off to Cuba BUENOS AIRES, Argentina -- Diego Maradona boarded a flight for Cuba on Monday to continue treatment for drug addiction after an unsuccessful court fight by his family to keep him in Argentina.
Ex-general headed for victory in Indonesia: poll Early returns from Indonesia #39;s presidential election suggest former general Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono has taken the lead against incumbent Megawati Sukarnoputri.
Britain to set free foreign terror suspect The British government is to release a foreign national held without charge or trial under the anti-terrorism laws introduced in the wave of the Sept.
French Soldiers in Ivory Coast Accused of Bank Robbery The French army says it has arrested 12 of its soldiers in Ivory Coast on charges of stealing \$120,000 from a bank they were ordered to protect.
Markets question when Fed will pause on rate hikes WASHINGTON : With little doubt about the Federal Reserve #39;s plans for a quarter-point rate hike, financial markets were focusing on another question: When will the Fed stop?
Samsung sees chip growth slowing Korean chipmaker expects global sales will halve next year; sales growth could be in single digit. SEOUL (Reuters) - Growth in global semiconductor sales will probably halve next year and memory chip sales 
Germans Break Up Internet Piracy Group (AP) AP - German police have broken up an Internet piracy operation they say had peddled millions of dollars worth of bootleg films, computer games, music and software through a Web site.
Microsoft relents on Office source code Microsoft will let governments access the computer code behind its Office software as part of a broader campaign to provide alternatives to open-source applications.
Internet threats take on new hue The daily volume of Internet attacks dropped off in the first half of this year, and the rate at which new vulnerabilities are being reported appears to have hit a plateau, according to Symantec Corp.
Treaty Curbs Trade in More Dangerous Chemicals The United Nations on Monday added 14 pesticides and chemicals, including lead additive for petrol, to a growing list of toxic substances in which trade is restricted.
Web Site Says Zarqawi Group Kills American Hostage (Reuters) Reuters - A message posted on an Islamist Web site\said Monday the militant group of al Qaeda ally Abu Musab\al-Zarqawi had killed one of two Americans it was holding\hostage, but the report could not be immediately verified.
Israeli Missile Strike Kills Two Gaza Militants (Reuters) Reuters - An Israeli missile strike killed at least\two Hamas gunmen in Gaza City Monday, a day after a top\commander of the Islamic militant group was killed in a similar\attack, Palestinian witnesses and security sources said.
Costa Rica Eyes Suspects' Terror Links (AP) AP - Costa Rica deported two men who tried to enter Costa Rica over the weekend using well-crafted false European documents and who officials fear may have had links to terrorists, the country's immigration director said Monday.
Expert Appointed in Baylor Player Death (AP) AP - A judge on Monday appointed a third expert to examine a former Baylor basketball player charged with killing a teammate. Two other experts found Carlton Datson incompetent to stand trial in the shooting death of Patrick Dennehy.
Treaty Curbs Trade in More Dangerous Chemicals (Reuters) Reuters - The United Nations on Monday added 14\pesticides and chemicals, including lead additive for petrol,\to a growing list of toxic substances in which trade is\restricted.
Deaf Kids in Nicaragua Give Birth to New Language (Reuters) Reuters - Deaf children thrown together in a\school in Nicaragua without any type of formal instruction\invented their own sign language -- a sophisticated system that\has evolved and grown, researchers reported on Friday.
Notes, Quotes From 2004 Campaign in Iowa (AP) AP - This year's presidential election began with Iowa's caucuses back in January, and it could be determined by how Iowans vote Nov. 2.
Web Site Says Zarqawi Group Kills American Hostage  DUBAI (Reuters) - A message posted on an Islamist Web site  said Monday the militant group of al Qaeda ally Abu Musab  al-Zarqawi had killed one of two Americans it was holding  hostage, but the report could not be immediately verified.
Fed Expected to Boost Rates Again The Federal Reserve, wanting to keep inflation at bay, is expected to boost short-term interest rates for a third time this year on Tuesday, a move that would come in the final stretch of the presidential campaign.
Haiti Flood Toll Tops 300 from Jeanne  PORT-AU-PRINCE, Haiti (Reuters) - More than 300 people died  in Haiti from flooding and mudslides triggered by Tropical  Storm Jeanne, according to aid workers who said half of the  northern city of Gonaives was still underwater.
Bush lifts Libya trade sanctions The US lifts a trade embargo to reward Libya for its decision to give up weapons of mass destruction.
Zimbabwe court drops paper case Charges against four directors of Zimbabwe's banned Daily News newspaper are dropped by a court, citing insufficient evidence.
Colgate-Palmolive Washed Away The consumer products firm issues a profit warning for the second half.
Krispy Kreme's Fair Value: Zero When a company's management wastes free cash to cover up for previous mistakes, look out.
Iran Urged to Halt Nuclear Development Sounding an alarm over nuclear proliferation, the head of the U.N. atomic watchdog agency said Monday that more than 40 countries have the know-how to produce nuclear weapons and that the agency is only relying on their "good intentions" to reveal all their activities.
Kin plead for 2 Americans, Briton to be released; 2 clerics slain &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Relatives pleaded Monday for the release of two Americans and a Briton held hostage as a deadline loomed for their beheading. In Baghdad, gunmen assassinated two clerics from a powerful Sunni Muslim group opposed to the US presence in Iraq.
Intel puts more money in digital home The chipmaker announces new investments in five firms working on digital home related software and hardware.
Security firm looks to hire alleged Sasser author German company Securepoint says teenager Sven Jaschan deserves a chance to prove himself on the up-and-up.
Cisco property-to-be sniffs out spam 'zombies' P-Cube, soon to be acquired by the networking giant, adds feature to help broadband service providers fight "zombie" e-mail attacks.
Fed expected to boost rates for third hike this year The US Federal Reserve Board, wanting to keep inflation at bay, is expected to boost short-term interest rates Tuesday for a third time this year, a move that would come in the final stretch of the presidential campaign.
Mars Express Yields Provocative Observations Europe s Mars Express is gathering data regarding the geological and atmospheric processes on the red planet -- information that might shore up the case that present-day life is percolating subsurface.
Solberg digs deep to claim victory in Wales WORLD champion Petter Solberg admitted he needed all his reserves of speed to complete a hat-trick of Wales Rally GB wins. The Norwegian stole victory from world championship leader Sebastien Loeb with a brave 
Ferdinand returns for Manchester United after ban Manchester United #39;s England defender Rio Ferdinand was named in his club #39;s starting lineup for their Premier League match against Liverpool at Old Trafford on Monday, marking the end of his eight-month ban.
Does This Biotech Belong in Bargain Bin? Maxim Pharmaceutical's Ceplene produces disappointing results.
Desktop Linux thinks small A new report sees growing opportunity for the open-source operating system to displace Windows in small offices.
Gartner points out the security you don't need London -- The plethora of security technologies on the market are enough to overwhelm even the most knowledgeable IT managers, but in sorting through all of the options, it may be helpful to look at what is not needed, according to Gartner Inc. research detailed hereat its IT Security Summit conference.
Hynix may be fined for accounting violations South Koreas financial regulator has found accounting irregularities worth Won1,980 billion (\$1.7 billion) at Hynix Semiconductor, and has warned that the worlds second largest memory chipmaker could be fined for the violations.
Jarden to buy American Household The maker of Bicycle playing cards said it will buy Boca Raton-based American Household for \$745.6 million. The purchase by Rye, NY-based consumer products company Jarden Corp.
Judge Strikes Down Campaign Finance Rules WASHINGTON Sept. 20, 2004 - A judge has struck down several government rules on campaign fund raising, ordering tougher restrictions on big political money in the long term while creating uncertainty about 
Nike profits run ahead Nike has reported that first quarter revenues increased 18 to \$3.6bn (3bn), against \$3bn (2.5bn) for the same period last year.
PMC-Sierra Issues Revenues Warning PMC-Sierra Inc. warned Wall Street third-quarter revenues won #39;t meet expectations, but that wasn #39;t enough to persuade investors to pull out of the beleaguered chip sector.
Symantec: Viruses Aimed at Windows Grow in Number According to the Symantec report, there is a sharp rise in so-called  quot;bot networks quot; of compromised PCs that are used by hackers to launch denial-of-service attacks.
Selling good local produce provides food for thought FOOD - where would we be without it? A lot of businesses have made a lot of money from one of lifes few essentials by providing answers to the question of how much we can afford to pay for food, and the 
Watch China #39;s first SMS novel as a film on your mobile SINGAPORE: China #39;s first ever novel transmitted to readers through SMS is all set to be made into a film. According to The Straits Times , the film will also be transmitted to audiences in 30 to 40 segments 
The Sims 2 Is Now In Stores The wait for millions of Sims fans is over. Electronic Arts announced that The Sims 2, has shipped to retailers under the EA GAMES brand and is now available on store shelves.
Politically Savvy IT Managers Key to Grid Project Success SEPTEMBER 20, 2004 (COMPUTERWORLD) - PHILADELPHIA -- Information technology managers embarking on grid computing projects could get some tips from the candidates in this election season.
Gordon apologizes for New Hampshire accident Robby Gordon apologized Monday for intentionally causing an accident at New Hampshire International Speedway that involved championship contenders Tony Stewart and Jeremy Mayfield.
Fulham hit by FA charges after brawl at West Brom Fulham are facing FA charges regarding the conduct of their players in a Premier League match at West Bromwich Albion last Saturday that included a mass brawl and three dismissals.
American Hostage  #39;Beheaded #39; An American hostage being held in Iraq has been beheaded, according to a statement by the group holding three Westerners. The statement said: God protect him, has beheaded the first American.
Yahoo's Overture Ad Unit to Open Five Intl. Offices (Reuters) Reuters - Overture Services, Yahoo Inc.'s\ Web-search advertising unit, on Monday said it plans\to enter five new international markets in the coming months as\the Internet media company continues to broaden its global\reach.
Judde Orders Release of Kan. AD's Records (AP) AP - The University of Kansas must immediately release its athletic director's employment agreement and another compensation document under the state's open records act, a district judge ordered.
Product Review: iPaq 6315 Smartphone (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - The iPaq H6315 from Hewlett-Packard is the first all-in-one wireless device to combine GPRS wireless data, Wi-Fi (802.11b) and Bluetooth functionality in a single package.
Microsoft Opens Office to Governments (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - Microsoft (Nasdaq: MSFT) is opening the door to its Office suite, offering governments a closer look inside key applications.
PeopleSoft Aims To Reassure Customers as Connect Show Opens (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - No one can envy the position of PeopleSoft (Nasdaq: PSFT) executives as they enter their annual Connect user conference this week. Last year's show was dominated by speculation over Oracle's (Nasdaq: ORCL) hostile takeover bid for the company -- a prospect they hoped would be squelched by this year.
Browns' Winslow Suffers Broken Leg  CLEVELAND, Ohio (Sports Network) - Cleveland Browns rookie  tight end Kellen Winslow is expected to be sidelined  six-to-eight weeks after suffering a broken right fibula during  Sunday's 19-12 loss to Dallas.
Hong Kong Emerge as Dominant Force in Fencing  ATHENS (Reuters) - A third gold medal for Chui Yee Yu  rounded off a rewarding day for Hong Kong at the Paralympics as  they emerged as the dominant force in wheelchair fencing.
Wright Recalls Hip Device, Shares Tumble  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Wright Medical Group Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=WMGI.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;WMGI.O&lt;/A&gt; on  Monday said it recalled defective components used in its  reconstructive hip implants and cut its earnings forecast,  sending its shares tumbling 14 percent.
Ex-general set for Indonesia win Early results from Indonesia's first direct presidential poll put ex-general Susilo Yudhoyono on course to win easily.
Nymex Narrowly Mixed on Yukos, Gulf Restarts Prices were pushed higher by news on Sunday that Yukos had suspended delivery of 400,000 metric tons a month, or nearly 98,000 barrels a day, of rail-borne crude oil exports to China National Petroleum Co.
Colgate Cuts 2nd-Half Profit Forecast as Costs Rise (Update9) Colgate-Palmolive Co., the world #39;s largest toothpaste maker, said second-half profit will fall because of higher marketing costs to fend off Procter  amp; Gamble Co.
Citigroup slides on Merrill downgrade NEW YORK (CBS.MW) -- Citigroup shares slid 95 cents, or 2 percent, to \$46.00 in pre-market trade Monday after Merrill Lynch sliced its recommendation on the stock to  quot;neutral quot; from  quot;buy.
A New Clue to the Hypothesis of Life on Mars PFS observed that, at 10-15 kilometres above the surface, water vapour is well mixed and uniform in the atmosphere. However, it found that, close to the surface, water vapour is more concentrated in three 
OSASUNA FIRST UP FOR NEW MADRID BOSS New Real Madrid boss Marino Garcia Remon has very little time to turn things around if his out-of-sorts side are to halt their slide when they entertain Osasuna on Tuesday.
Clough, former Nottingham Forest coach, dies aged 69 Brian Clough, the outspoken soccer manager who led Nottingham Forest to European Cup success in 1979 and 1980, died at Derby City General Hospital in central England.
Don #39;t expect Rio miracle - O #39;Shea John OShea has warned Manchester United supporters not to expect miracles from returning hero Rio Ferdinand. Alex Ferguson is expected to waste little time in restoring his star defender to the Red Devils 
Fergie Hails Footballing  #39;Eccentric #39; Clough Sir Alex Ferguson tonight hailed Brian Clough as a great footballing eccentric and a fantastic manager following the death of his old sparring partner.
Toronto Maple Leafs hire former Flames GM Craig Button as pro &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Button was the general manager of the Calgary Flames for parts of three seasons from 2000-01 to 2002-03 before joining The Score network as an NHL analyst.
Briton  #39;Next to Be Beheaded #39; Fears were growing tonight for the safety of Briton Kenneth Bigley as unconfirmed reports stated a fellow hostage in Iraq had been executed.
Westbrook Wants to Prove He's a No. 1 Back (AP) AP - Brian Westbrook dismisses his critics the same way he shrugs off tacklers.
ECB sees eurozone inflation falling below two pct in second quarter 2005 (AFP) AFP - The European Central Bank is unhappy with the current level of inflation in the eurozone but expects it to fall below the two percent in the second quarter of next year, its chief economist Otmar Issing said.
Stocks Slip After Colgate Warns  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Stocks fell on Monday as warnings of  lower earnings from consumer goods giants Colgate-Palmolive and  Unilever weighed on markets.
Ethics Committee Ends DeLay Fact-Finding (AP) AP - The House ethics committee ended its initial information gathering Monday and now must decide whether to order a formal investigation of whether Majority Leader Tom DeLay has misused his office.
Careful Planning and Teamwork Pays Off for Europe  BLOOMFIELD HILLS, Michigan (Reuters) - In the end, Europe's  crushing Ryder Cup victory over the U.S. was all about better  teamwork, hungrier players, putts made when they mattered most  and astute captaincy by Bernhard Langer.
Annan to Urge World Leaders to Respect Human Life  UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - U.N. Secretary-General Kofi  Annan intends to tell world leaders on Tuesday to respect human  life, whether civilians or prisoners of war in Iraq, villagers  in Sudan or children in northern Uganda or Russia.
Earnings Manipulation Suggested at Fannie Mae Federal regulators have found evidence suggesting that mortgage giant Fannie Mae manipulated earnings to facilitate bigger bonuses to executives, according to a lawmaker familiar with the findings.
Unilever and Colgate Warn of Slowdowns in Their Earnings The two companies do not operate in all the same markets, but Monday's warnings seemed to suggest that both were suffering from tougher competition in some areas.
Allawi: Saddam Hussein Appealed for Mercy CAIRO, Egypt - Interim Iraqi Prime Minister Ayad Allawi said in an interview published Monday that a "depressed and broken in spirit" Saddam Hussein had appealed to him for mercy, saying his regime had meant no harm during the years it was in power.    Allawi also told the London-based Al-Hayat newspaper that he's been the target of four assassination attempts since becoming leader of Iraq - the most recent just five days ago - but he insisted his homeland's chaos would be controlled...
At Least One Person Shot at Ill. Capitol SPRINGFIELD, Ill. - At least one person was shot at the state Capitol on Monday afternoon, and the building was locked down, with employees ordered to stay in their offices...
Web Site: American Hostage Killed in Iraq CAIRO, Egypt - A Web site posting Monday claimed that an American hostage has been "slaughtered" in Iraq and that two other captives would soon be killed. The claim could not be verified...
From ruin to rebirth - what a difference two years makes the Air New Zealand of September 2004 is a vastly different company from the one that feared annihilation by Qantas just two years ago.
Jarden Buying Mr. Coffee #39;s Maker Consumer products company Jarden Corp. (JAH.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Monday said it would buy American Household Inc. for \$745.
Broadcom buys into cell phone graphics com September 20, 2004, 12:05 PM PT. Most IT Managers won #39;t question the importance of security, but this priority has been sliding between the third and fourth most important focus for companies.
Microsoft Opens Office for Governments Microsoft (Quote, Chart) has extended its Government Security Program (GSP) by offering government customers access to the source code of Microsoft Office 2003.
WebEx Rolls out Sales Center Sales Center -- to its hosted Web conferencing service. The module will let a remote sales team pass notes behind the scenes, keep 
Hong Kong Emerge as Dominant Force in Fencing A third gold medal for Chui Yee Yu rounded off a rewarding day for Hong Kong at the Paralympics as they emerged as the dominant force in wheelchair fencing.
Steelers #39; Roethlisberger gets baptism by fire Steelers head coach Bill Cowher was hoping to bring rookie quarterback Ben Roethlisberger along slowly, allowing him to learn from veteran Tommy Maddox in his initial campaign.
Brazilian president calls for harnessing globalization Brazilian President Luiz Inacio Lula Da Silva urged the international community on Monday to harness globalization and turn it into a positive force for all peoples of the world.
Microsoft to enter backup market Analysts speculate that the software giant will focus on the low end of the market, at least initially.
Sun's fighting chance Forrester CEO George Colony argues that if Sun goes down, it's going to go down taking very big swings.
Net threats stir new responses bug text As worms proliferated through the first half of the year, attacks gained in sophistication. Also: A start-up fights zombies.
Broadcom buys into cell phone graphics The chipmaker is back on a buying spree, having scooped up five other companies this year.
Cubs Defeat Marlins, 5-1, in NL Showdown (AP) AP - Mark Prior allowed five hits in 7 2-3 innings to out-pitch Carl Pavano, and the Chicago Cubs moved one percentage point ahead of San Francisco atop the NL wild-card standings by beating the Florida Marlins 5-1 in the first game of a doubleheader Monday.
Cowboys' Jones Out With Broken Shoulder (AP) AP - Cowboys rookie running back Julius Jones broke his left shoulder and is expected to be out about two months.
Colts' James Listed Doubtful Vs. Packers (AP) AP - Edgerrin James, the Indianapolis Colts' top running back, strained his hamstring in Sunday's victory against Tennessee and may miss this week's game against Green Bay.
Cocaine fair cop for drugs dealer (AFP) AFP - Spanish police made the simplest of 'fair cops' in arresting a young French drug dealer who offered them cocaine before realising he was dealing with the long arm of the law.
Bush Scraps U.S. Trade Embargo on Libya in WMD Reward (Reuters) Reuters - President Bush on Monday formally\ended the U.S. trade embargo on Libya to reward it for giving\up weapons of mass destruction but left in place some U.S.\terrorism-related sanctions.
NHL Labor Dispute Chills Arenas Across U.S.  MIAMI (Reuters) - The lockout of ice hockey players by the  National Hockey League is sending a chill through U.S. arena  operators who rely on professional hockey as a vital audience  puller.
YUKOS Cuts China Supplies, Oil Above \$46  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Oil prices broke above \$46 on Monday  after Russian oil giant YUKOS said it would cut some oil  shipments to China, the first toll on exports from the  company's financial turmoil.
Stocks Lower on Oil and Profit Warnings  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Stocks declined on Monday as oil  prices spiked higher and companies like consumer goods giant  Colgate-Palmolive warned on earnings, stirring investor worry  about corporate profits.
Dollar Gains on Fed Rate Hike Outlook  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The dollar rose broadly on Monday as  markets braced for a Federal Reserve policy meeting this week  that is widely expected to raise the federal funds rate, making  the dollar a more attractive currency.
Colombian Far-Right Leader Gunned Down -Police  BOGOTA, Colombia (Reuters) - A far-right Colombian warlord  participating in peace negotiations with the government has  been killed by his own men, police said on Monday, in another  bloody incident that could undermine the shaky talks.
Judge in Baylor Player's Death Appoints Mental-Health Expert Judge in Baylor player's death appoints third mental-health expert to evaluate defendant.
Your Kids Are Bleeding You Dry Families shell out a small fortune to send their kids back to school.
Genta Shares Soar on Cancer Drug Data  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Shares of Genta Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=GNTA.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;GNTA.O&lt;/A&gt; soared  nearly 50 percent on Monday after the biotechnology company  presented promising data on an experimental treatment for blood  cancers.
Unilever and Colgate Warn of Slowdowns in Their Earnings Unilever, one of the world #39;s leading consumer-products companies with products from Dove soap to Hellman #39;s mayonnaise, surprised investors today by disclosing that its full 
Report: Eisner won #39;t be on Disney #39;s board Michael Eisner, chief executive officer of Walt Disney Co., said he plans to leave the company #39;s board when he steps down as CEO in 2006, Fortune magazine said it is reporting in its upcoming issue.
China cuts back 3G spending The world #39;s top telecom equipment makers may have to settle for just a fraction of the multibillion-dollar orders they had expected when China builds its next-generation mobile phone networks.
Cubs Defeat Marlins, 5-1, in NL Showdown MIAMI - Mark Prior allowed five hits in 7 2-3 innings to out-pitch Carl Pavano, and the Chicago Cubs moved one percentage point ahead of San Francisco atop the NL wild-card standings by beating the Florida Marlins 5-1 in the first game of a doubleheader 
Montreal Expos Team Report - September 20 (Sports Network) - The Montreal Expos will get their chance to climb out of the cellar in the National League East this week, as they begin a three-game series against the New York Mets Tuesday at Olympic Stadium.
Ex-general set for landslide victory Ex-general Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono is on course for a landslide victory over incumbent Megawati Sukarnoputri after Indonesia #39;s presidential election yesterday, according to an early forecast.
Will Putin #39;s Power Play Make Russia Safer? Outwardly, Russia has not changed since the barrage of terrorist attacks that culminated in the school massacre in Beslan on Sept.
Guerrillas kill US soldier north of Baghdad BAGHDAD - Guerrillas attacked a US patrol north of Baghdad on Monday, killing one 1st Infantry Division soldier, the US military said in a statement.
Sharapova signs deal with fragrance company Ah, the sweet smell of success: Maria Sharapova #39;s Wimbledon title helped her land an endorsement deal for a perfume that will bear her name.
AOL Makes AIMBots Available To Enterprise Users America Online has had quite a bit of success with its AIM Robot (AIMBot) technology, including one that feeds users news headlines or on-demand news from the Wall Street 
Fiddling while Madrid burns The extraordinary news that Jos Antonio Camacho offered up his resignation on the Sunday after the Espanyol defeat was a fitting end to a fascinating week in La Liga.
Robby Gordon Apologizes For New Hampshire Accident WELCOME, NC -- Robby Gordon is apologizing for intentionally causing an accident in Sunday #39;s Nextel Cup race at New Hampshire International Speedway.
Kanu Can Do for Megson Fists may have been flying at The Hawthorns... but it was Rob Earnshaw #39;s foot that left Gary Megson wondering what might have been.
New attack on Afghan leadership There has been more violence in Afghanistan where one of the country #39;s vice presidents has narrowly avoided assassination. Attacks are escalating as Afghanistan prepares 
EU Cannot Start Entry Talks With Turkey Unless it Reforms Penal &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The European Union has made clear to Turkey that it cannot start negotiations on joining the union, until Ankara reforms its penal code.
Turkey Pushes Ahead With Improvements (AP) AP - Turkey will push to improve its democracy and human rights record regardless of whether European Union leaders decide in December to begin membership talks with Ankara, the government said Monday.
AP: Militants Funding Terror With Heists (AP) AP - It started with a robbery, but the gang that burst into a branch of Al-Habib Bank in this teeming port city had no interest in striking it rich, and the university graduate driving the getaway car was just getting started on a master plan for terror.
Merrill Cuts Citigroup, Shares Drop  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Citigroup Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=C.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;C.N&lt;/A&gt; shares fell as  much as 2.75 percent on Monday after a prominent Wall Street  analyst downgraded the world's largest financial services  company, citing a string of recent ethics problems.
Nike Profit Up 25 Pct. on Converse Boost  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Nike Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=NKE.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;NKE.N&lt;/A&gt; on Monday  reported a 25 percent rise in quarterly profit, topping Wall  Street estimates, on strong sales of Converse sneakers and  high-priced athletic and basketball shoes such as the Air Zoom  and Street Miler.
UN team in S.Korea as N.Korea vows not to abandon nuclear ambitions (AFP) AFP - A United Nations inspection team arrived to further investigate South Korea's past unauthorized experiments with plutonium and uranium as North Korea vowed not to abandon its nuclear ambitions.
First Enron criminal trial nears Two former Enron executives are set to appear in court in Houston in the first criminal trial involving Enron staff since the firm's collapse in 2001.
Nike: Undervalued Powerhouse? Plus, Colgate-Palmolive's washed away, Microsoft opens up, and a stone-cold IPO.
Cubs Defeat Marlins, 5-1, in NL Showdown MIAMI - Mark Prior allowed five hits in 7 2-3 innings to out-pitch Carl Pavano, and the Chicago Cubs moved one percentage point ahead of San Francisco atop the NL wild-card standings by beating the Florida Marlins 5-1 in the first game of a doubleheader Monday.    Corey Patterson's two-run double in the second inning put the Cubs ahead to stay...
More Medical Devices Needed for Babies WASHINGTON - Frustrated doctors say they too often find themselves jury-rigging adult medical devices to fit children's tiny bodies and special needs. Now pediatric experts have begun a major push to fill the gap...
Merrill Cuts Citigroup, Shares Drop Citigroup Inc. (CN: Quote, Profile, Research) shares fell as much as 2.75 percent on Monday after a prominent Wall Street analyst downgraded the world #39;s largest financial 
Boeing and IBM join forces to gain edge at DOD To nab network-centric work at the Defense Department, Boeing Co. and IBM Corp. today announced a 10-year alliance. The two companies estimate that DOD will spend \$200 billion for ground- and space-based systems for net-centric operations.
Windows Attacks Skyrocket, Bot Networks Breed Like Minks Attacks on Windows machines in the first six months of 2004 jumped nearly four-and-a-half times over the same period last year, a security firm said Monday, leading to an explosion in the number of hacker-run bots.
Microsoft, Intel Moves are Good News for IT Microsoft wants to get its next operating system in shipping shape by taking away one of the legs of the three-legged stool upon which the system would be built.
Rookie suffers broken shoulder in debut IRVING, Texas -- Dallas Cowboys running back Julius Jones will miss about two months with a broken shoulder blade. Cowboys coach Bill Parcells confirmed the injury Monday during his weekly news conference.
Macromedia taps into AIM AOL partner offers new version of Central kit that connects to online giant's instant messenger.
Hewlett-Packard packages services for blades Blade servers are the future, HP says, rolling out new services targeted at users.
Embarcadero enhances SQL Server backup Embarcadero Technologies on Monday is unveiling its DBArtisan Workbench 8.0 database administration tool, featuring enhanced backup capabilities for Microsoft SQL Server databases and support for performance metrics in the Oracle10g database.
Arrest Made in Cisco Source Code Theft Suspect accused of stealing and distributing source code over the Internet.
China Power set to float stock HONG KONG China Power International Development, a unit of China #39;s fifth-biggest electricity generator, is seeking as much as 2.57 billion Hong Kong dollars, or \$330 million, in an initial public offering of stock, bankers involved in the sale said Monday 
Regulators have found evidence of earnings manipulation at Fannie &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Federal regulators have found evidence suggesting that mortgage giant Fannie Mae manipulated earnings to facilitate bigger bonuses to executives 
Judge tosses 15 of 19 new campaign finance rules WASHINGTON (CBS.MW) -- A federal judge found Monday that new rules from the Federal Election Commission did not follow the intent of lawmakers who wrote a sweeping new law designed to change the way politicians raise money, creating uncertainty for 
Windows besieged by hackers The number of new viruses and worms aimed at Microsoft Corp. #39;s ubiquitous Windows operating system rose 400 percent between January and June from the same year-earlier period, computer security company Symantec said Sunday.
Loyalty study lists IT #39;s top household names New research indicates that many household names of the IT industry, including Dell and Microsoft, have been able to capture lasting feelings of customer loyalty.
VMware Pioneers New Way to Deploy Software Environments Last week, I spoke with VMware Vice President of Marketing Michael Mullany about VMware ACE, a fascinating solution that simplifies and secures the deployment of software environments to mobile workers, contractors, and telecommuters.
AOL launches program for AIM bots AOL Monday is launching a program to promote and facilitate the creation of what it calls AIM Robots for its AIM instant messaging system.
China cuts back 3G spending The world #39;s top telecoms equipment makers may have to settle for just a fraction of the multi-billion-dollar orders they had expected when China builds its next-generation mobile phone networks.
Methane link strengthens life-on-Mars theory Paris - The European Space Agency (ESA) said on Monday that it had found concentrations of water vapour and the gas methane in the same places on Mars, a finding which strengthens speculation that the Red Planet could be a haven for microbial life.
Big retailers embrace radio tagging When US retailing giant Wal-Mart announced last November its intention to introduce Radio Frequency Identification (RFID) technology, it pushed the retail industry into action overnight.
JBoss delivers aspect orientation with Version 4.0 Open source application servers vendor JBoss Inc will today release version 4.0 of its core JBoss AS product, which is claimed to be the first open source application server to support AOP (aspect oriented programming) for Java.
Browns (1-0) at Cowboys (0-1) Last meeting  It #39;s the first meeting since the Browns rejoined NFL as expansion team in 1999. Players to watch  Jeff Garcia showed he still knows how to win, engineering an upset of the Ravens last week.
Turkey Pushes Ahead With Improvements ISTANBUL, Turkey - Turkey will push to improve its democracy and human rights record regardless of whether European Union leaders decide in December to begin membership talks with Ankara, the government said Monday.
Bears Safety Mike Brown Out for Season (AP) AP - Chicago Bears safety Mike Brown will miss the rest of the season after tearing his right Achilles tendon in a victory over Green Bay, coach Lovie Smith said Monday.
Arrest Made in Cisco Source Code Theft (PC World) PC World - Suspect accused of stealing and distributing source code over the Internet.
Dolphins DT Larry Chester Out for Season (AP) AP - Miami Dolphins defensive tackle Larry Chester will miss the rest of the season because of a torn ligament in his right knee, his agent said Monday.
PalmOne Posts Profit on Revenue Jump (Reuters) Reuters - PalmOne Inc.  on Monday swung\to a quarterly profit from a year-earlier loss on a 62 percent\jump in revenue, spurred by solid sales of its Treo 600 mobile\phone and other handheld digital devices.
Adobe Posts Sharp Rise in Profit (Reuters) Reuters - Adobe Systems Inc.  on Monday\reported a sharp rise in quarterly profit, driven by robust\demand for its Photoshop and document-sharing software.
How Safe Is a Roller Coaster in the Sky? (SPACE.com) SPACE.com - Last week's nbsp;announcement nbsp;by the Zero \Gravity Corporation that it would be offering weightless flights to paying \customers was good news for thrill seekers. nbsp; Those who sign up for the \experience will be treated to several stomach-rolling climbs and drops. nbsp; \Although the planes used are slightly modified commercial planes, tests have \shown that they can manage the demanding maneuvers.
Governors Worry About Offshore Drilling (AP) AP - A presidential commission has modified its proposal for a trust fund that would use up to  #36;4 billion in annual offshore oil and gas royalties to safeguard oceans and coastal areas. The change was to answer governors' fears the idea might spur more drilling off their coasts.
Palestinian Militant Gets Vote, Israel Cries Foul  JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Palestinian election officials have  given voting rights to a jailed militant accused of ordering  the killing of an Israeli minister, in a move Israel called a  sign that Palestinian democracy was badly flawed.
Iraqi Militants Behead American An Iraqi group led by al Qaeda ally Abu Musab Zarqawi beheaded American Eugene Armstrong and posted a video of the killing on the Internet on Monday.
Tobacco companies to fight it out in court On the eve of a \$280bn racketeering trial of cigarette majors, political and legal uncertainties are still seen hanging over the US governments long-awaited case.
Samsung: Global chip sales growth to decline in 2005 LONDON, September 20 (newratings.com) - Samsung Electronics (SSUN.FSE) expects its global semiconductor sales growth to decline below 10 next year, from the estimated 20 for 2004.
Citigroup Falls on Downgrade Citigroup Inc. shares on Monday suffered their biggest one-day percentage decline in 18 months after a prominent Wall Street analyst downgraded the world #39;s largest 
Consumer bellwethers issue profit warnings NEW YORK - Two of the world #39;s biggest consumer products giants issued profit warnings today, sending shares in both companies downward.
MCI Looks for Buyers, Seeks \$6 Billion Less than six months after emerging from the largest bankruptcy in history, MCI Inc. has begun to search for a buyer, sources familiar with the situation said on Monday.
Thousands of zombie PCs created daily The rate at which personal computers are being hijacked by hackers rocketed in the first half of 2004, reveals a new report. An average of 30,000 computers per day were turned into enslaved zombies, compared with just 2000 per day in 2003.
McNabb-Culpepper Other Big Match Up Tonight In the game hyped as a face off between elite wide receivers Terrell Owens and Randy Moss, the men throwing the ball their way tonight have a lot in common.
Dolphins #39; DT Chester out for season with knee injury Miami Dolphins defensive tackle Larry Chester will miss the rest of the season because of a torn ligament in his right knee, his agent said Monday.
Video Shows Beheading of Man Said to Be US Hostage in Iraq BAGHDAD, Iraq - One of the American hostages kidnapped last week in Iraq has been beheaded by the Al Qaeda-linked group of Jordanian terror mastermind Abu Musab al-Zarqawi (search ), according to a Web site.
Brazil #39;s Lula Plans to End World Hunger Brazilian president Luiz Incio Lula da Silva declared that it is not going to be easy to convince all the participants at the UN meeting, formally known as the Action Against Hunger and Poverty, that financial mechanisms must be created to end the 
Fears grow for British hostage in Iraq after execution of colleague (AFP) AFP - Fears were growing for the safety of a British engineer held hostage in Iraq after grisly footage of the execution of a US co-worker also held captive was posted on the Internet.
Boeing, IBM Announce 10-Year Partnership (AP) AP - Boeing Co. and International Business Machines Corp. plan to develop advanced information technologies for the Defense Department and intelligence systems under a 10-year partnership the companies announced Monday.
Indian firm bucks trend with jobs expansion in N Ireland (AFP) AFP - As British unions cry foul over an exodus of jobs to Asia, one Indian information technology firm is bucking the trend, hiring 250 more staff at a call centre in Northern Ireland.
Adobe Posts Sharp Rise in Profit  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Adobe Systems Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=ADBE.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;ADBE.O&lt;/A&gt; on Monday  reported a sharp rise in quarterly profit, driven by robust  demand for its Photoshop and document-sharing software.
Extra is not responsible for the content of external Internet &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The federal government is accusing six companies in the tobacco industry of a conspiracy to mislead the public, including the marketing of cigarettes to youth.
Hutchison Telecom Sets IPO Terms Hutchison Telecommunications International Ltd. plans to sell 69.3 million American Depositary Shares at \$12.67 to \$14.67 apiece in its initial public offering, the company said Monday in an amended regulatory filing.
A Challenge to Software Vendors, From One of Their Own SEPTEMBER 20, 2004 (COMPUTERWORLD) - Earlier this year, The Yankee Group published the results of a customer satisfaction survey that showed that buyers of market-leading ERP software -- the integrated suites that companies use to run basic business 
Colts #39; James listed as doubtful for Sunday Edgerrin James of the Indianapolis Colts may miss Sunday #39;s game against Green Bay. James strained his hamstring in the Colts #39; 31-17 victory over Tennessee yesterday.
SBY HEADS FOR LANDSLIDE WIN Former general Susilo Bambang is heading for a landslide win against incumbent Megawati Sukarnoputri in Indonesia #39;s first direct presidential election.
Iran angered but leaves door open for negotiations in nuclear &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Since being slapped with yet more criticism and tough demands from the UN nuclear watchdog, Iran has reacted with noisy indignation while still signalling its willingness to negotiate.
Adobe Posts Sharp Rise in Profit Adobe Systems Inc. on Monday reported a sharp rise in quarterly profit, driven by robust demand for its Photoshop and document-sharing software.
US Internet advertising revenue sets record NEW YORK - US Internet ad revenue jumped to a record \$2.37 billion in the second quarter, surpassing the highest levels reached during the dot-com era, according to a study released Monday.
Microsoft To Deliver New Windows System  #39;Longhorn #39; in 2006 Microsoft #39;s announcements about Longhorn marked the first concrete launch dates for Longhorn that Microsoft has provided. Industry observers have been estimating a release at the end of 2005 or beginning of 2006.
West Indies into semis At last, a contest to savour more than a week into this tournament of mis-matches and bad weather - the West Indies demolished South Africa by five wickets in thrilling fashion here yesterday.
Maddox Sidelined at Least Six Weeks with Elbow Injury (Reuters) Reuters - Pittsburgh Steelers starting\quarterback Tommy Maddox will be sidelined at least six weeks\after suffering a right elbow injury during Sunday's 30-13 loss\to Baltimore.
Sportsview: Attitude Change May Help U.S. (AP) AP - The Americans have run out of explanations, but not excuses.
Mussels Found Near N.Pole in Global Warming Sign (Reuters) Reuters - Mussels have been found growing on the\seabed just 800 miles from the North Pole in a likely sign of\global warming, scientists said on Friday.
Stocks Sag as Colgate Warns, Oil Jumps  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Stocks fell on Monday as warnings of  lower earnings from consumer goods giants Colgate-Palmolive and  Unilever weighed on markets.
Pfizer Shares Fall on Analyst Downgrade  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Shares of Pfizer Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=PFE.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;PFE.N&lt;/A&gt; closed  down more than 2 percent on Monday after an analyst lowered her  investment rating on the world's largest pharmaceutical  company's stock.
Stocks Close Lower Amid Rising Oil Prices NEW YORK - A grim combination of higher oil prices and lowered outlooks from companies including Colgate-Palmolive Co., Unilever PLC and The New York Times Co. sent stocks sliding Monday...
Air NZ, Qantas keep alliance dream alive Rival trans-Tasman airlines Air New Zealand and Qantas have far from abandoned their dreams of an alliance, despite it failing to clear yet another hurdle.
PalmOne posts quarterly profit on handheld sales Handheld computer maker palmOne on Monday posted a quarterly profit, versus a loss a year earlier, on stronger revenue spurred by solid sales of its Treo 600 mobile phone and other digital devices.
Sun sets sights on Linux vendors After years of battling Microsoft Corp., Sun Microsystems Inc. has set its sights on Linux vendors, seeking to jump into a low-end but high-volume market it #39;s been accused of ignoring.
Colgate-Palmolive, Unilever issue warnings Colgate-Palmolive Co. and Unilever NV warned of profit shortfalls Monday, leading an overall decline for stocks in consumer goods makers, who face tougher competition and increased 
Higher oil prices and lowered corporate outlooks leave stock &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; TORONTO (CP) - The Toronto stock market cruised to a flat close Monday as the latest rise in oil prices propelled energy stocks higher.
Terror Attacks Spur Israel Road Deaths Spike-Study Fatal attacks in Israel cause a direct increase in the number of deadly traffic accidents -- but not until three days later, researchers said on Monday.
Wind carries GM pollen record distances Pollen from a genetically modified grass has blown on the wind and pollinated other grasses up to 21 kilometres away, says a new study.
Silvestre double defeats Liverpool MANCHESTER, England -- A rare double from French defender Mikael Silvestre handed Manchester United teammate Rio Ferdinand a victorious Premiership return in a 2-1 win over Liverpool on Monday.
Williams to lead scholarship drive at Maryland The University of Maryland plans to raise \$200 million for scholarships, a campaign that basketball coach Gary Williams will head and seed with \$500,000 of his own.
Currencies: Dollar gains on euro as traders await Fed NEW YORK The dollar rose against most European currencies on Monday on expectations that the Federal Reserve on Tuesday will lift its overnight lending rate and signal plans for more increases.
Adobe Beats 3Q Estimates; Shares Rise Shares of Adobe Systems Inc. rose more than 3 percent in the extended session after the software company reported better-than-expected third-quarter profit.
Internet Search Sites Win Bulk Of Online Ad Spending Spending on Internet search ads is approaching \$1 billon a quarter, representing \$4 of every \$10 spent on online advertisements, according to a report issued Monday by the Interactive Advertising Bureau and PricewaterhouseCoopers.
Sun #39;s fighting chance Its plan? Attack Red Hat, use control over the operating system and the platform to disrupt competitors #39; pricing and business models, out-engineer everybody in the x86 space and use an alliance with Microsoft to fight a common enemy: IBM.
UPDATE 1-Judge approves settlement on CBOT ownership stakes An Illinois judge on Monday approved a deal on how to carve up ownership of the Chicago Board of Trade, the oldest US futures exchange.
PMC-Sierra Cuts Q3 Outlook The high-speed broadband communications, storage, and MIPS processor chip maker said revenues are now expected to be between \$71 million and \$73 million.
VMware creates PC software condom Not satisfied with its prominent position on servers and workstations, VMware charged the desktop with a new software package that creates  quot;containers quot; of applications that can be centrally managed by an administrator.
AMD adds mobile processor to Athlon 64 lineup SEPTEMBER 20, 2004 (IDG NEWS SERVICE) - Further pitting itself against Intel Corp. #39;s Pentium-M offerings, Advanced Micro Devices Inc.
Gas link on Mars offers clues in search for life PARIS - Water vapour and methane are concentrated in the same areas of the Martian atmosphere, a finding that hints at new ways to hunt for life on the planet, scientists say.
The iMac G5: A first look at Apple #39;s new all-in-one SEPTEMBER 20, 2004 (COMPUTERWORLD) - OK, let #39;s get the iMac aesthetics issue out of the way right from the start. Judging from comments on a variety of Mac-related Web sites, Apple fans around the world are 
European Ryder Cup team returns; Langer leans toward stepping down The European Ryder Cup captain said a week ago that he would bring the trophy back with him. On Monday, Langer stepped off a flight from Detroit with the 19-inch Ryder Cup in hand.
Awesome Aussies have no worries Adam Gilchrist was standing by himself in one section of the indoor nets centre at Edgbaston on Monday. He contemplated the large area that had been cleared of any distractions, just the three stumps placed at one end.
Eagles offense should prevail The Philadelphia Eagles offense should be more efficient because they aren #39;t facing a top-notch Vikings defense. I #39;m convinced the Eagles offense will be able to move the football after watching 
Jets go into bye week with sense of accomplishment So the New York Jets won their first two games. Big deal, right? For this franchise, it is huge. The Jets are 2-0 for just the eighth time since the team #39;s inception in 1960.
Ex-Kentucky assistant sues school, NCAA, SEC A former assistant football coach at Kentucky has sued the university #39;s Athletic Association, the NCAA and the Southeastern Conference for \$50 million.
Ravens #39; Heap to miss 2-4 weeks with ankle injury Tight end Todd Heap will miss two to four weeks with a sprained right ankle, the latest in a series of injuries that has forced coach Brian Billick to dig deep in the Baltimore Ravens #39; depth chart.
Jeanne claims 250 lives in Haiti AT least 250 people died in massive floods across northern Haiti after Tropical Storm Jeanne hit the crushingly poor Caribbean nation over the weekend, a UN spokesman said today.
Hu #39;s on First Even though he has been China #39;s president for two years, Hu Jintao wasn #39;t given the powerful position of military commander until Sunday.
Video on Web Site Shows Beheading of Man A video posted Monday on a Web site showed the beheading of a man identified as American construction contractor Eugene Armstrong.
Update 3: Court Rejects Planned Airline Alliance Citing anticompetitive concerns, New Zealand #39;s High Court rejected on Monday a proposed alliance between the country #39;s flagship carrier and Australian rival Qantas.
US Internet ad revenues up 42.7 percent to record NEW YORK : Internet advertising revenues in the United States surged 42.7 percent in the second quarter compared with the same period a year ago to 2.37 billion US dollars, an industry group said Monday.
UPDATE 2-Judge approves settlement on CBOT ownership stakes The Chicago Board of Trade took a leap forward on Monday on its goal to become a for-profit company when an Illinois judge approved a deal on how to carve up ownership of the oldest US futures exchange.
Silvestre #39;s double outshines Ferdinand On a storm-tossed night at Old Trafford, lightning in the form of Mikael Silvestre struck twice for a reinvigorated Manchester United.
Relatives plead for release of two Americans, Briton held hostage &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Relatives pleaded on Monday for the release of two Americans and a Briton as a deadline loomed for their beheading. In Baghdad, two 
Woman Acquitted in Hockey Murder Plot (AP) AP - A young Missouri woman was acquitted Monday of charges she helped former NHL player Mike Danton hire a hit man in a failed plot to kill his agent.
Jets Enjoy 2-0 Start Heading Into Bye Week (AP) AP - So the New York Jets won their first two games. Big deal, right? For this franchise, it is huge.
Giants' Warner Says Best Is Yet to Come (AP) AP - The mention of Kurt Warner brought a gleam to the eyes of New York Giants receiver Tim Carter.
AOL to Sell Secure ID Tags to Fight Hackers (Reuters) Reuters - America Online will begin offering to\sell members a security device and service that has been used\to safeguard business computer networks, the world's largest\Internet service provider said on Monday.
Football legend Clough dies of stomach cancer (AFP) AFP - Legendary manager Brian Clough, who led unfashionable Nottingham Forest to two European Cup titles, has died of stomach cancer aged 69.
Broadcasters Object to Planned Digital TV Bill (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. television broadcasters on\Monday labeled as inadequate planned legislation to ensure\millions of consumers can still watch television once\broadcasters begin airing only in digital.
Adobe Systems Earnings Rise 62 Percent (AP) AP - Adobe Systems Inc.'s income rose 62 percent in its latest quarter on stronger-than-anticipated revenue growth.
Bush lifts Libya sanctions, paves way for Pan Am 103 payments (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - WASHINGTON (AP) - President George W. Bush on Monday removed a ban on commercial air service to Libya and released  #36;1.3 billion in frozen Libyan assets in recognition of "significant" steps to eliminate its deadliest weapons programs.
Costa Rica Dropped From 'Willing' List (AP) AP - The White House has removed Costa Rica from an Internet list of nations in the so-called "coalition of the willing" in Iraq.
Maddox Sidelined at Least Six Weeks with Elbow Injury  PITTSBURGH (Sports Network) - Pittsburgh Steelers starting  quarterback Tommy Maddox will be sidelined at least six weeks  after suffering a right elbow injury during Sunday's 30-13 loss  to Baltimore.
Hockey Player's Girlfriend Acquitted in Murder Plot  EAST ST. LOUIS, Ill. (Reuters) - The 19-year-old girlfriend  of jailed former hockey player Mike Danton was acquitted by a  jury on Monday of conspiring with him to murder his agent.
Zarqawi Group Denies Report It Bought Italians -Web  DUBAI (Reuters) - A militant group headed by al Qaeda ally  Abu Musab al Zarqawi denied on Monday it had bought two Italian  women hostages from their Iraqi captors, an Internet statement  said.
Zarqawi Group Beheads U.S. Hostage Armstrong  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - A militant group in Iraq led by al  Qaeda ally Abu Musab al-Zarqawi beheaded American Eugene  Armstrong and posted a video of the killing on the Internet on  Monday.
Going after Iraq's most wanted man US airstrikes in Fallujah are targeting Abu Musab al-Zarqawi and his followers. Is he the mastermind of the insurgency?
Iraq losing its best and brightest Targeted attacks and a sluggish economy are pushing academics, Christians, and businessmen to move abroad.
Football: Man Utd beat Liverpool Mikael Silvestre's headed brace gives Man Utd victory over Liverpool on Rio Ferdinand's return to first-team action.
Free iPod - Help us Hire Engineers! \\Rojo  is trying to hire a few Engineers .  Rojo is an amazing company to\work for.  We're working with some really impressive technologies and doing some\really cool work.  If you're interested in RSS/Atom, Social Networking, Open\Source, Java, Linux, etc then I'd highly recommend that you come and work with\us.\\If you suggest someone to Rojo, and we hire them, we'll give you a free iPod.\At the very minimum its a nice gesture for your help.\\Also if you want a free invite to Rojo please let me know.  We'd love to have\more feedback.\\
Wen to lobby for oil pipeline from Siberia When Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao visits Moscow on Thursday, all eyes will be on whether he can persuade his Russian counterpart Mikhail Fradkov to stick to an original agreement 
Qantas #39; proposed pact with Air NZ rejected SYDNEY: Australian flag-carrier Qantas said it was disappointed a proposed alliance with Air New Zealand (ANZ) had been rejected by New Zealand #39;s high court but ruled out appealing decision.
Hynix may be fined for accounting breach SEOUL: Hynix Semiconductor may be fined for shoddy accounting between 1999-2003, South Korea #39;s financial regulator said. News of Hynix #39;s accounting violations comes after the CEO of Kookmin Bank, South Korea #39;s 
 #39;); //-- gt; Eye On Stocks PalmOne (nasdaq: PLMO - news - people ) report fiscal first-quarter results well above analysts #39; estimates. The maker of handheld computers reported revenue of \$273 million and earnings of 43 cents per share 
Judge strikes down several FEC rules interpreting campaign finance &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; A judge has struck down several government rules on campaign fund raising, ordering tougher restrictions on big political money in the long term while creating uncertainty about how candidates, parties and interest groups should proceed in the current 
First Enron criminal trial nears The first criminal trial involving former Enron staff since the firm #39;s collapse is set to begin. Two employees of the failed US energy giant and four Merrill Lynch executives face criminal charges relating to an Enron transaction in Nigeria in 1999.
EPA Finds Problem With Airline Drinking Water Now there #39;s something else for airline passengers to worry about -- the safety of their drinking water. New tests show nearly one of out every eight passenger airliners flying in the United States has drinking 
Sasser Worm Creator, Hired by Security Firm The German teen who created the Sasser worm, has been hired by Securepoint, a computer security firm based in Lueneburg Germany. Eighteen year-old Sven Jaschan was responsible for infecting nearly 18 million 
First SMS love story will soon be broadcasted on cell phones The novel, Outside the Fortress Besieged, written by Mongolian businessman Qian Fuchang, is a steamy tale of illicit love among married people and is being short-messaged in instalments of 70 characters each, reports the Inquirer.
MacCentral Week in Review Well, what do you know? Apple shipped a product on time. Actually, Apple ships plenty of equipment on time. It #39;s just that Apple #39;s stumbles often take center stage in media reports, so 
Camacho quits MADRID, SEPTEMBER 20: Jose Antonio Camacho resigned as Real Madrid coach on Monday, just four months after taking up the post. Camacho offered his resignation to club president Florentino Perez following the 
Forest legend Brian Clough dies at 69 LONDON - The controversial Brian Clough, who led Nottingham Forest to two European Cups, died aged 69 yesterday. A great motivator and tactician who managed Forest to the 1979 and 1980 wins, he was universally 
Han Wins in Portland Hee-Won Han of South Korea hit a beautiful second shot on the first playoff hole, then sank a 4-foot birdie putt to beat Lorie Kane of Canada and win the Safeway Classic.
Cowboys RB Jones out with broken shoulder IRVING, Texas - The first NFL game for Dallas Cowboys rookie running back Julius Jones will also be his last for quite a while. Jones broke his left shoulder blade during a 19-12 victory over Cleveland on Sunday.
Iraq #39;s Sunni holy  #39;warlords #39; For Sheikh Mohammad Ali Mohammad al-Ghereri, a Sunni Muslim cleric, the question is no longer whether to tell his followers to fight the Americans, but how to wage war properly.
Pardon for Russian officer would  #39;spit in the soul of Chechens #39; The most senior Russian army officer to have been convicted of war crimes in Chechnya was put forward for a presidential pardon yesterday, less than 18 months after he was found guilty of strangling an 18-year-old Chechen woman.
Howard to fight terror with teams based in Asia CANBERRA - Prime Minister John Howard plans to base special  #39;flying squads #39; of police in South-east Asia to fight terrorism at the source and stop it reaching Australia.
Briton may have paid a fatal price for his passion for the Middle &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; When neighbours of Kenneth Bigley urged him to leave Baghdad amid growing fears for his safety, he would shrug off their concerns and say:  quot;I #39;m not afraid.
India  #39;will offer to adjust Line of Control #39; NEW DELHI - India will offer to  #39;adjust #39; the Line of Control, the de facto border dividing Kashmir, a senior Indian official has told Time magazine.
Broadcasters Object to Planned Digital TV Bill  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. television broadcasters on  Monday labeled as inadequate planned legislation to ensure  millions of consumers can still watch television once  broadcasters begin airing only in digital.
Earnings alert: Linux demand lifts Red Hat profit Plus: Strong sales of phones, other gadgets boost PalmOne profit...Lawson expects quarterly loss...SCO to cap legal costs.
Briefly: Macromedia taps into AIM roundup Plus: Hewlett-Packard packages services for blades...Corel updates Painter...Hyperion targets broader base...JBoss ships J2EE app server.
Microsoft backs up disk-based backup plans With 20 partners already lined up, analysts speculate that the software giant will focus on the market's low end--at least initially.
Security shifts roundup TruSecure, Betrusted to merge, focus on big customers. Also: A bump up in the bureaucracy?
TruSecure, Betrusted to merge and rename Companies are expected to formally announce on Tuesday that they plan to create a new firm called Cybertrust.
PalmOne posts profit, exceeds estimates Handheld maker's revenue buoyed by strong sales of phones, other devices; after-hours shares fluctuate wildly.
Tech groups push for R D credit, Internet tax ban  Technology lobbying groups are stepping up their push for lawmakers to pass several pieces of legislation.
AMD adds mobile processor to Athlon 64 lineup 2GHz chip is the highest performing processor in AMD's family of low-power Mobile AMD Athlon 64 products.
Kerry's plan on outsourcing faces mixed reviews Kerry advocates eliminating "special tax breaks" for U.S. companies with overseas subsidiaries.
Sun set to announce new server, storage hardware Sun will unveil new servers, called Sun Fire V490 and V890, based on the company's dual-core UltraSparc IV processor.
United Air Lines takes off with Enigma content management United Air Lines is revamping the way aircraft mechanics get maintenance information and parts illustrations using global content management software from Enigma Inc.
Gartner analysts talk about the security companies don't need IT managers need to implement systems that work correctly in the first place, rather than spending time and money to fix problems after the fact, according to Victor Wheatman, vice president and research area director at Gartner Inc.
Q A: Microsoft's Linux strategist Martin Taylor, Part 2 After a year as Microsoft Corp.'s chief Linux strategist, Martin Taylor has a lot to say about where he sees Linux going and how Microsoft plans to compete with the open-source operating system.
Microsoft introduces Data Protection Server The data protection server is designed to simplify and reduce the backup and recovery process for businesses.
The iMac G5: A first look at Apple's new all-in-one The latest incarnation of Apple's iMac all-in-one desktop computer sports a new look and a beefy G5 processor. Computerworld Online News Editor Ken Mingis snagged one and offers his first take on the latest Mac.
Securing RFID information RFID data is vulnerable under certain circumstances, but tougher standards have been developed to protect information stored on RFID chips and to prevent hackers from using sensitive data stored there in malicious exploits.
HP, others bolster future storage Storage vendors Hewlett-Packard, Cisco, EMC, and Microsoft are trumpeting new products this week that foreshadow the near future of storage.
Study reveals decline in IT customer loyalty WalkerInformation, a 65-year-old company that focuses on surveying customer brand loyalty, released its 2004 study of IT vendors this week, entitled, Customer Loyalty Management for Information Technology.
Microsoft adds disk backup support Microsoft jumped into the disk-based backup and recovery market Monday with the announcement of the Microsoft Data Protection Server (DPS), a low-cost, continuous, disk-based backup and recovery system. More than 20 storage industry partners announced support for the new software-based product, which is scheduled for release in the second quarter of next year.
AMD adds mobile processor to Athlon 64 lineup SAN FRANCISCO - Further pitting itself against Intel Corp.'s Pentium-M offerings, Advanced Micro Devices Inc. (AMD) on Monday expanded its lineup of mobile Athlon 64-bit processors.
Interview: Borland CEO touts software process management Dale Fuller, president and CEO of Borland, has been with the company since 1999, when it had temporarily been renamed Inprise. Recently, the company has been touting its ALM (application lifecycle management) strategy and efforts to provide for a unified, manufacturing-like structure for software development projects. InfoWorld Editor-at-Large Paul Krill spoke with Fuller at the BorCon conference in San Jose, Calif., last week about Borland's tools and ALM strategies and issues such as Java vs. .Net, Web services, and outsourcing.
Kerry's plan on outsourcing faces mixed reviews WASHINGTON - One of the central themes in U.S. Senator John Kerry's presidential campaign is ending tax breaks for companies that send jobs overseas. But the IT community is split on whether Kerry's plan would actually keep jobs in the U.S.
Congress Tackles Taxing Issues Lawmakers may vote on Internet tax ban, controversial copyright bills before the end of the year.
Update 3: Enron Jury Selection Begins in Houston A judge overseeing the first criminal trial involving former Enron Corp. executives told prospective jurors Monday he didn #39;t expect them to have  quot;come out of some hole somewhere quot; and not know of the former energy-trading giant.
Customers flex bargaining muscles Sometimes you don #39;t have to dress up as a superhero to get what you want. While some are scaling London #39;s most famous landmarks to make their point on paternal access rights, IT buyers are taking a more practical approach to lobbying vendors.
TELUS extends offers for Microcell VANCOUVER, Sept. 20 /PRNewswire-FirstCall/ -- Rogers Wireless Communications Inc. ( quot;Rogers Wireless quot;), Rogers Communications Inc.
Hewlett-Packard Repurchases Shares Hewlett-Packard Co., a maker of computers, printers and information technology systems for businesses, said Monday that it bought back about \$1.
AMD introduces new chip for notebook computers US chipmaker AMD on Monday introduced a faster mobile chip, Athlon 64 processor 3000, for thin and light notebook computers. The new chip enables a powerful 32-bit computing 
German Security Firm Hires Hacker Awaiting Trial A German security firm has hired the teen accused of writing the Sasser and Netsky worms, a move that sends a dangerous message to hackers, anti-virus firms said Monday.
Real-Time, Automated, Contextual Online Advertising com. At Interactive Advertising World in New York City on Monday, ContextWeb Inc. announced the launch of ContextAd, a fully automated, real-time contextual advertising solution.
Real #39;s Camacho offers to resign Real Madrid coach Jose Antonio Camacho has offered to resign after the Spanish club #39;s poor start to the season, according to reports in Spain.
James shares backfield workload While 2-time rushing champ remains 1st running option, Colts use Rhodes to keep star fresh. By Mike Chappell. There will come a time during Sunday #39;s AFC South game between the Indianapolis Colts and Tennessee 
Prior mows down Marlins in first of two Mark Prior allowed five hits in 7 2/3 innings to outpitch Carl Pavano, and the Chicago Cubs moved one percentage point ahead of San Francisco atop the NL wild-card standings by beating the Florida Marlins 5-1 in the first game of a 
Neo-Nazis and communists on the rise in Germany The dramatic surge in support for a neo-Nazi party and reformed communists in weekend state polls marks a voter drift to the extreme political fringes, an ominous trend just two weeks 
AOL Moves Beyond Passwords for Log-Ons (AP) AP - Passwords alone won't be enough to get onto America Online under a new, optional log-on service that makes AOL the first major U.S. online business to offer customers a second layer of security.
Fortress to Acquire Stelmar Shipping  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Private equity firm Fortress  Investment Group LLC agreed to buy Stelmar Shipping Ltd. for  \$677 million only a few months after the oil tanker operator  fended off a hostile bid from its rival, OMI Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=OMM.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;OMM.N&lt;/A&gt;,  Stelmar said on Monday.
Gates', Ballmer's pay holding around \$900,000 Paychecks stay the same for the top two, but compensation changes for other Microsoft workers as stock grants replace options.\
Briefly: ContextWeb nabs \$3 million roundup Plus: Macromedia taps into AIM...Hewlett-Packard packages services for blades...Corel updates Painter.
Suing Big Tobacco Five years in the making, the enormous US Department of Justice lawsuit against the major tobacco companies finally goes to trial Tuesday in Washington.
Delta Air Reaches Deal on Pilot Retirements ATLANTA -- Delta Air Lines (DAL) and its pilots union reached a tentative agreement that allows the struggling airline to temporarily bring back recently retired pilots to the cockpit to avert staffing shortages which the company has warned could force it 
ContextWeb nabs \$3 million com September 20, 2004, 3:00 PM PT. This fourth priority #39;s main focus has been improving or obtaining CRM and ERP software for the past year and a half.
Exposed Sender ID Patents Up Debate Now that Microsoft #39;s (Quote, Chart) two patent efforts regarding e-mail authentication are publicly available, anti-spam advocates are raising even more questions about how the patents might impact an industry-wide anti-spam protocol effort called Sender 
Pavano tagged for five runs, 12 hits in defeat com. The Cubs dealt the Marlins #39; playoff hopes a severe blow with a convincing 5-1 victory in the first game of a doubleheader Monday afternoon at Pro Player Stadium.
Bush lifts economic sanctions on Libya (AFP) AFP - US President George W. Bush removed most economic sanctions on Libya, clearing the way for huge compensation payments to the families of victims of the 1988 Lockerbie bombing.
Customers Anxious at PeopleSoft Gathering (AP) AP - PeopleSoft Inc. is trying to create a party-like atmosphere at its annual customer conference, but this week's gathering may feel more like a wake with rival Oracle Corp.'s  #36;7.7 billion takeover bid looming larger than ever.
Shannon Keys Miami's Defensive Dominance (AP) AP - Defensive coordinator Randy Shannon understands the perception: He has more talent at Miami than any program in the country, which is why nine of his players have been drafted in the NFL's first round over the last three years.
Over 550 Dead in Haiti After Hurricane Spawns Floods  PORT-AU-PRINCE, Haiti (Reuters) - More than 550 people are  dead in Haiti from flooding and mudslides triggered by Tropical  Storm Jeanne and aid workers said half of the northern coastal  city of Gonaives was still underwater on Monday.
Update 2: Adobe Beats 3Q Estimates; Shares Jump Shares of Adobe Systems Inc. shot up 4 percent in the extended session after the software company reported better-than-expected third-quarter profit and predicted similar results for the fourth quarter.
Fatal Traffic Accidents Rise After Terrorism Sept. 20, 2004 -- Terrorism #39;s lethal ripple effects can last beyond an attack #39;s immediate devastation. In Israel, fatal car wrecks jump by 35 three days after a terror attack, according to a new study.
VMWare reveals Ace in the hole Using its strengths in virtual machine technology, VMWare on Monday unwrapped new beta software for the desktop that allows administrators to more securely deploy and mange work environments outside the corporate network.
Firefox beats million-download deadline With days to spare, the Mozilla Foundation beat its 10-day goal of 1 million Firefox downloads. Released six days ago, the first preview release of the Firefox 1.0 Web browser passed the million download mark 
WebEx Mixes Meetings With Sales Force Automation WebEx Communications is one of the pioneers of real-time collaboration applications. In fact, to many companies the name WebEx is synonymous with online meetings.
Prior in command to make early lead stand up The Cubs continued their bid for a Wild Card spot Monday with an easy victory against the Marlins in the first game of a doubleheader which made up games washed out earlier by Hurricane Frances.
Seahawks survive toothless Tampa Bay This is what happens when expansion teams meet. Eighteen punts. Nine sacks. One touchdown. Sixteen total points. A combined two first downs and 56 total yards in the third quarter.
Brazilian president calls for global partnership to fight hunger &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Brazilian President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva Monday called for a true global partnership against hunger and poverty,  quot;the most cruel weapon of mass destruction.
Rights activist blasts Putin A leading human rights activist has poured scorn over Russian President Vladimir Putin #39;s hardline policy in breakaway Chechnya and urged him to negotiate with Chechen leader Aslan Maskhadov.
Priest accused in 1994 Rwanda genocide fails to front for trial A priest accused of ordering the slaughter of 2000 people who sought refuge in his church during Rwanda #39;s genocide refused to appear for the start of his trial at a UN tribunal yesterday.
Suspect held at  #39;mini-Guantanamo #39; for three years released by &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; David Blunkett #39;s emergency anti-terrorism laws came under fire last night after he ruled a suspect interned without trial for nearly three years no longer posed a national threat.
Cricket - ICC Trophy / Awesome Australia bids to extend its 14 &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; England heads into today #39;s Champions Trophy semifinal against Australia at Edgbaston without a win over its old rivals in their last 14 one-day internationals.
Militant groups set deadlines for killing hostages BAGHDAD - Several insurgent groups in Iraq have set deadlines for killing hostages, from a trio of American and British workers to an entire squad of 18 Iraqi soldiers, unless demands are met.
Nigerian villagers shut down oil facilities, trap over 100 workers Angry villagers in Nigeria #39;s restive oil-producing south have stormed and shut down three oil flow stations, preventing at least 107 oil workers from leaving two of the facilities 
Top Microsoft Executives Get Raises (AP) AP - The world's richest man got a raise last year. Microsoft Corp.'s chairman and chief software architect, Bill Gates, earned  #36;901,667 in Microsoft's 2004 fiscal year, up 4.4 percent from a year ago.
Veterans Glance (AP) AP - Some highlights of the 1994 Uniformed Services Employment and Reemployment Rights Act:
World Leaders Back New UN Drive to Fight Hunger  UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - Dozens of world leaders on  Monday embraced a campaign to raise an additional \$50 billion a  year in development aid to combat hunger, but a U.S. official  poured cold water on the initiative.
Floods Kill at Least 241 in Haiti GONAIVES, Haiti - Rescuers pulled bodies from floodwaters that raged through parts of Haiti's third-largest city, sweeping people from their homes and forcing survivors to spend the night in trees, atop cars and on rooftops following Tropical Storm Jeanne. The death toll nearly doubled to 241 Monday evening after dozens more bodies were recovered...
Marlins Beat Cubs 5-2 to Split Twinbill MIAMI - The Chicago Cubs' 24-hour visit to Miami included a brief stay atop the NL wild-card race. Then they lost their lead because they couldn't beat David Weathers...
RPT - Crude closes at a one-month high above \$46 a barrel - Crude for October delivery closed at \$46.35 a barrel on the New York Mercantile Exchange, up 76 cents for the session. It hasn #39;t closed above \$46 since Aug. 20.
Hutchinson Telecom Files Billion-Dollar IPO Hutchison Whampoa said it will offer 1.155 billion shares or 25 percent of the unit #39;s 4.5 billion shares. The price range of \$0.
Citigroup Tumbles as Merrill Cuts Rating on Japan (Update2) Citigroup Inc. shares had their biggest one-day drop in 18 months after Merrill Lynch  amp; Co. cut its rating on the stock because Japanese regulators shut the bank #39;s Tokyo-based private banking unit.
Rogers Wireless Makes Bid for Microcell Canadian wireless operator Rogers Wireless Communications has launched a takeover of competitor Microcell. The combined company would have more than 5.1 million voice and data subscribers in Canada.
AOL to Sell Secure ID Tags to Fight Hackers America Online will begin offering to sell members a security device and service that has been used to safeguard business computer networks, the world #39;s largest Internet service provider said on Monday.
Study: Car accidents jump 35 after terror attacks There is a 35 percent rise in the number of people killed in road accidents three days after a terror attack, compared to an average day.
AOL Builds AIM Robots America Online is launching a program this week to promote and facilitate the creation of what it calls AIM Robots for its AIM instant messaging system.
Dust makes mesh of wireless sensors com September 20, 2004, 4:03 PM PT. Technology that can let walls, remote cameras or electricity meters relay information wirelessly to computers took a step forward with the first product release from Dust Networks.
Charismatic Clough one of a kind Football lost a maverick soul yesterday, an extraordinary man whose unique style of management would give a modern-day club chairman apoplexy.
Eriksson may be for Real Real Madrid #39;s month of turmoil took another serious turn last night when the club were forced into appointing low-ranking coach Mariano Garcia Remon to replace Jose Antonio 
Man. United, Boosted by Ferdinand, Defeats Liverpool (Update1) Mikael Silvestre headed two goals as Manchester United, boosted by the return of defender Rio Ferdinand, beat Liverpool 2-1 in English soccer #39;s Premiership.
Ex-General Leads Megawati in Indonesia Election Description: Former Gen. Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono leads incumbent Megawati Sukarnoputri after polls close in Indonesia #39;s first direct presidential election.
Tropical storm kills hundreds Hundreds of people are believed dead in Haiti following flooding in the wake of tropical storm Jeanne, rescuers and witnesses said Monday.
Iran Says Resolution Undermines Credibility of IAEA The European Union and Russia joined the United States Monday in urging Iran to comply with a resolution passed by the International Atomic Energy Agency.
Let it be a warning to you The IDF has recently introduced a system that can detect Qassam rockets and provide the residents of Sderot with a 15 to 20 second warning before the rocket falls.
Genocide priest on trial at Rwanda court afrol News, 20 September - Roman Catholic priest Athanase Seromba is accused of the worst imaginable crimes during the 1994 Rwanda genocide.
Microsoft Board Cut in Size as a Director Retires  LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - Microsoft Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=MSFT.O qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;MSFT.O&lt;/A&gt; said on  Monday that William Reed, one of the company's longest-serving  directors, had decided to retire and would not be replaced,  reducing the size of the company's board from 10 members to  nine.
Dollar May Gain on Speculation Fed Will Raise Interest Rates The dollar may rise for a second day against the euro in Asia on speculation Federal Reserve policy makers will raise the key interest rate in a meeting today and signal more increases to come.
US tobacco firms set for trial America #39;s largest tobacco companies go on trial on Tuesday as they face a \$280bn (156bn) government lawsuit. Opening arguments will be heard in the case, in which the Justice Department accuses the companies 
Adobe: Health strong overall, despite quarterly drop Publishing-software giant Adobe Systems reported on Monday a slight seasonal decline in sales and profit amid strong overall growth.
FEC is left in limbo by ruling US District Court Judge Colleen Kollar-Kotelly has struck down 15 Federal Election Commission (FEC) regulations governing activities ranging from political coordination to state party fundraising, throwing candidates and election lawyers into confusion 43 
WR Grace, Honeywell Settle Lawsuit WR Grace  amp; Co., a chemical company currently in bankruptcy proceedings, on Monday said it has settled litigation with Honeywell International Inc.
AOL Goes Shopping America Online has launched an online shopping service called inStore that lets users search for products, compare prices and features, and set up price-drop alerts.
Report: MCI hires advisers for possible sale MCI Inc. has hired three investment banks and a law firm to help the telecommunications company quietly search for potential buyers, according to a published report Monday.
Massachusetts fines two company units \$5 million BOSTON (CBS.MW) -- Franklin Resources has agreed to pay a \$5 million fine in connection with charges that it allowed market timing in a fund that prohibited the practice in its prospectus.
AOL to offer service to fight hackers Most IT Managers won #39;t question the importance of security, but this priority has been sliding between the third and fourth most important focus for companies.
 #39;They play like they #39;re going for a beer #39; On Saturday night Hal Sutton, his United States Ryder Cup team 11-5 behind after the four-ball and foursomes series and facing the possibility of demolition, was asked a simple question and gave a simple answer.
Ganguly furious after India #39;s loss BIRMINGHAM (England) - Furious India captain Sourav Ganguly, himself out for nought, launched a blistering attack on his misfiring batsmen after his team were knocked out of the ICC Champions Trophy by bitter rivals Pakistan on Sunday.
Salt Lake gets expansion team; divisions realigned for 2005 The Arena Football League Board of Directors approved Salt Lake City #39;s expansion bid on Monday and realigned divisions for 2005 after dropping three teams.
Bears safety Brown out for season Mike Brown #39;s five career defensive touchdowns are more than any player in the history of the Chicago Bears. Now, two games into his fifth season, the Bears safety and defensive captain is finished for the year after tearing his right Achilles #39; tendon.
Floods Kill at Least 241 in Haiti GONAIVES, Haiti Sept. 20, 2004 - Rescuers pulled bodies from floodwaters that raged through parts of Haiti #39;s third-largest city, sweeping people from their homes and forcing survivors to spend the night 
Murphy mounts new bid to restore devolved government Northern Ireland #39;s political leaders gather at Hillsborough Castle today in a bid to breathe fresh life into the peace process.
Colts RB James might sit out com Fantasy Extra staff. Starting RB Edgerrin James suffered a grade-2 hamstring strain on his last touchdown run against the Titans on Sunday.
Adams backs power-sharing plan Sinn Fein president Gerry Adams has given his backing for a plan to revive power-sharing in Northern Ireland. The party confirmed that at a meeting of senior Sinn Fein leaders in Belfast, Mr Adams said he 
Bush Scraps Trade Embargo on Libya in WMD Reward (Reuters) Reuters - President Bush on Monday formally\ended the broad U.S. trade embargo on Libya to reward it for\giving up weapons of mass destruction but left in place some\U.S. terrorism-related sanctions.
Sun Micro Aims to Woo Banking Customers (Reuters) Reuters - Sun Microsystems Inc.  is\staging its first press and customer event in New York on\Tuesday in three years to roll out new products and woo\customers in the banking industry, one of the network computer\maker's most important markets.
Rice Back at Work After Streak Ends (AP) AP - Jerry Rice returned to the practice field Monday and showed the Raiders the same old-fashioned work ethic that has defined his stellar career, a day after his record receptions streak ended.
Is 'Rathergate' a Watershed Moment for U.S. Media? (Reuters) Reuters - Internet bloggers have drawn blood\and American journalism may never be the same.
Green Looks for Way to Spark Cards Offense (AP) AP - Dennis Green made his reputation with high-powered offenses. Two games into his tenure as coach at Arizona, the Cardinals are sputtering like an engine with bad spark plugs that's low on oil.
Nikkei Opens Up, Led by Techs, Exporters (Reuters) Reuters - Tokyo's Nikkei average opened 0.59\percent higher on Tuesday as investors sought bargains among\tech firms and exporters, but gains were limited by caution\ahead of a monetary policy meeting in the United States during\the day.
Mitsubishi Elec to Stop Making Large LCD Panels (Reuters) Reuters - Japan's Mitsubishi Electric Corp. said on\Tuesday it would gradually stop making liquid crystal display\(LCD) panels for televisions and computers, instead focusing on\smaller LCD panels.
Video on Web Site Shows Beheading of Man (AP) AP - A video posted Monday on a Web site showed the beheading of a man identified as American civil engineer Eugene Armstrong. The militant group led by Abu Musab al-Zarqawi claimed responsibility for the slaying and said another hostage  #151; either an American or a Briton  #151; would be killed in 24 hours.
Floods Kill at Least 241 in Haiti (AP) AP - Rescuers pulled bodies from receding floodwaters Monday that had raged through parts of Haiti's third-largest city, swept people from their homes and forced survivors to spend the night in trees, atop cars and on rooftops. The rapidly rising death toll from Tropical Storm Jeanne's weekend devastation stood at 241.
Halliburton not notified on contract ban in Nigeria: spokeswoman (AFP) AFP - US company Halliburton said Nigeria has not notified it about its decision to place an embargo on awarding government contracts to the oil services giant's subsidiary in the west African country.
Karzai to Become Afghan President; UN Says Security Threatened Hamid Karzai becomes Afghanistan #39;s first democratically elected president today at an inauguration ceremony in the capital Kabul, as the United Nations said warlords and drug trafficking threaten the country #39;s security.
Convicted killer Robert Baltovich finally in court in bid to clear his name (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - TORONTO (CP) - Lawyers for Robert Baltovich, convicted 12 years ago in the murder of his girlfriend, began a long-awaited legal bid to clear his name Monday in an appeal that's expected to resurrect the grim spectre of sex killer Paul Bernardo.
Sun Micro Aims to Woo Banking Customers  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Sun Microsystems Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=SUNW.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;SUNW.O&lt;/A&gt; is  staging its first press and customer event in New York on  Tuesday in three years to roll out new products and woo  customers in the banking industry, one of the network computer  maker's most important markets.
Nikkei Opens Up, Led by Techs, Exporters  TOKYO (Reuters) - Tokyo's Nikkei average opened 0.59  percent higher on Tuesday as investors sought bargains among  tech firms and exporters, but gains were limited by caution  ahead of a monetary policy meeting in the United States during  the day.
Cubs Get Doubleheader Split in Miami The Chicago Cubs' 24-hour visit to Miami included a brief stay atop the N.L. wild-card race. Then they lost their lead because they couldn't beat David Weathers.
Bush Scraps Trade Embargo on Libya in WMD Reward  NEW YORK (Reuters) - President Bush on Monday formally  ended the broad U.S. trade embargo on Libya to reward it for  giving up weapons of mass destruction but left in place some  U.S. terrorism-related sanctions.
Abbas promises to coordinate with Syria A top-level Palestinian delegation yesterday promised Syria #39;s leader that it would coordinate with the country in future peace negotiations with Israel, but stopped short 
Floods Kill at Least 241 in Haiti GONAIVES, Haiti - Rescuers pulled bodies from receding floodwaters Monday that had raged through parts of Haiti's third-largest city, swept people from their homes and forced survivors to spend the night in trees, atop cars and on rooftops. The rapidly rising death toll from Tropical Storm Jeanne's weekend devastation stood at 241...
Dangerfield in Coma After Heart Surgery LOS ANGELES - Rodney Dangerfield has been in a coma for a couple of weeks after undergoing heart surgery, but has begun to show some awareness, his wife said Monday.    The 82-year-old comedian was stable and had been breathing on his own for 24 hours, Joan Dangerfield said in a statement released by the comic's publicist, Kevin Sasaki...
YUKOS Cuts China Supplies, Oil Above \$46 Oil prices broke above \$46 on Monday after Russian oil giant YUKOS said it would cut some oil shipments to China, the first toll on exports from the company #39;s financial turmoil.
VMware releases virtualization tool for PCs SEPTEMBER 20, 2004 (COMPUTERWORLD) - VMware Inc. released today a virtualization tool for PCs it says will cut hardware and maintenance costs for users such as independent contractors that support third parties on their networks.
Open-source programmer rebuts charge A programmer has rebutted an accusation that he contributed proprietary software to an open-source project called Mambo, while his accuser has moderated his legal threats.
Hot skills: Oracle Application Server offers an alternative to IBM &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Oracle Application Server 10g is an application platform suite that offers full support for J2EE, high-speed caching, rapid application development, enterprise portals, identity management, business intelligence, application and business integration 
Russia May Delay Space Station Replacement Crew MOSCOW -- Russian news agencies report that the launch of the next International Space Station crew may be delayed by up to 10 days.
Wolfmeyer acquitted in murder-for-hire plot CBC SPORTS ONLINE - A Missouri woman was acquitted of charges she helped NHL player Mike Dantion hire a hit man in a failed plot to kill his agent.
Mitsubishi Elec to Stop Making Large LCD Panels  TOKYO (Reuters) - Japan's Mitsubishi Electric Corp. said on  Tuesday it would gradually stop making liquid crystal display  (LCD) panels for televisions and computers, instead focusing on  smaller LCD panels.
Open-source programmer rebuts charge Back-and-forth dance characterizes dispute over code released to open-source Mambo project.
IBM, Boeing team up for defense work The defense-related work is estimated to be worth \$200 billion.
Earnings alert: Adobe strong despite drop Plus: Linux demand lifts Red Hat profit...Strong sales of phones, other gadgets boost PalmOne profit...Lawson expects quarterly loss.
Adobe: Health strong overall, despite quarterly drop Sequential revenue and profit declines had been widely expected; year-over-year growth robust.
Gates, Ballmer's pay hold at about \$900,000 Paychecks stay the same for the top two, but compensation changes for other Microsoft workers as stock grants replace options.
Briefly: TI touts combo chip with VoIP, Wi-Fi roundup Plus: ContextWeb nabs \$3 million...Macromedia taps into AIM...Hewlett-Packard packages services for blades.
Dust makes mesh of wireless sensors Start-up Dust Networks takes the covers off a low-power wireless system for linking sensors in walls, remote cameras and other places.\
Intel invests in five 'digital home' companies SAN FRANCISCO - Intel Corp. has made new investments in five companies developing technologies that play into the chip maker's vision of a merged personal computer and consumer electronics industry, something Intel calls the digital home.
AOL launches shopping service MIAMI - America Online Inc. has launched an online shopping service called inStore that lets users search for products, compare prices and features and set up price-drop alerts.
Sun looks for turn-around on Wall Street SAN FRANCISCO - On Tuesday, executives from Sun Microsystems Inc. will head to Wall Street, hoping to convince customers and partners in the financial industry that the company continues to be viable in the industry that Sun President and Chief Operating Officer Jonathan Scwhartz affectionately refers to as "the swamp from which we spawned." Sun is expected to make a number of new product and partnership announcements during an event for customers, press and analysts at the W Hotel in New York City on Tuesday.
Oil Rises for Fourth Day as Yukos May Reduce Exports to China Crude oil rose for a fourth day in New York after OAO Yukos Oil Co. said it will halt shipments to China #39;s biggest oil company because its bank accounts have been frozen in a tax dispute with the Russian government.
Sun Micro Aims to Woo Banking Customers Sun Microsystems Inc. (SUNW.O: Quote, Profile, Research) is staging its first press and customer event in New York on Tuesday in three years to roll out new products 
Unilever warning typifies sector under pressure WHEN a big fish flails in the water, a backwash is assured. That happened yesterday when food and consumer goods giant Unilever put out a profits warning.
IBM, Boeing team up for defense work com September 20, 2004, 5:03 PM PT. This fourth priority #39;s main focus has been improving or obtaining CRM and ERP software for the past year and a half.
Microsoft shares Office source code with governments As a result of the ongoing success of the Microsoft Government Security Program (GSP) and positive feedback from governmental entities, Microsoft has announced it will offer access to the source code of its flagship desktop offering, Microsoft Office 2003 
AMD drives mobility amp; to Acer Ferrari notebook The new Mobile AMD Athlon 64 processor 3000 for thin and light notebooks enables a powerful 32-bit computing experience today with a seamless transition to 64-bit computing.
Water-methane link strengthen life-on-Mars clues The European Space Agency(ESA) says it has found concentrations of water vapour and the gas methane in the same places on Mars, which strengthen speculation that the Red Planet could be a haven for microbial life.
Space O 2 Generator Fails Again Astronauts aboard the International Space Station are again without a working oxygen generator on Monday after a backup component failed over the weekend, said a NASA spokeswoman.
Cal Coaching Legend Pete Cutino Dies Unexpectedly BERKELEY, CA - Pete Cutino, a Cal coaching legend and one of the greatest figures in United States water polo history, died of apparent heart failure at his Monterey home yesterday afternoon.
American hostage killed in Iraq A video grab image on an Islamist internet site shows American hostage Eugene Armstrong prior to his execution September 20, 2004.
Braves Preparing for Postseason Run (AP) AP - With a 13th straight division title all but assured, the Atlanta Braves can go into a familiar mode: preparing for the postseason.
Russian Governor Backs Colonel's Pardon (AP) AP - The fate of an army colonel convicted of murdering a Chechen woman will be decided by President Vladimir Putin following a Russian governor's decision to support pardoning the officer, Russian media reported Monday.
Bush, Kerry Teams Agree to Three Debates (AP) AP - Negotiators for President Bush and Democrat John Kerry agreed Monday to three 90-minute debates beginning Sept. 30, including one town-hall format with questions from undecided voters in the audience.
Tiger Fails to Clarify Cup Enigma at Oakland Hills  BLOOMFIELD HILLS, Mich. (Reuters) - Tiger Woods finished  the 35th Ryder Cup on a personal winning note in the last-day  singles, but the enigma of his relationship with the biennial  team competition remains.
Briefly: IBM, Boeing team up for defense work roundup Plus: TI touts combo chip with VoIP, Wi-Fi...ContextWeb nabs \$3 million...Macromedia taps into AIM.
Adobe beats estimates on strong overall growth Despite a slight seasonal dip, the software maker surpasses earnings expectations, as year-over-year growth comes in strong.
ID Biomedical Gets U.S. Flu Vaccine Deal  MONTREAL (Reuters) - ID Biomedical Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=IDB.TO target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;IDB.TO&lt;/A&gt; &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=IDBE.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;IDBE.O&lt;/A&gt;  signed a distribution deal for its Fluviral drug that could  reap sales of up to \$2.5 billion over a decade and help U.S.  authorities ease a vaccine shortage as early as next year, it  said on Monday.
Export Cut to China Seen as Clever Strategy on Yukos #39;s Part Yukos, the Russian oil giant, is playing a weak hand well in its battle with the Kremlin by cutting its oil shipments to China ahead of a meeting between leaders of the countries this week, analysts said on Monday.
Unilever cuts profit growth forecasts as clouds gather over sector Unilever, the consumer goods giant, slashed its profit growth forecasts yesterday in the face of poor sales, weakening consumer spending and tough competition.
Merrill bankers at centre of first Enron criminal trial The first criminal trial stemming from the 2001 collapse of Enron began yesterday with the swearing in of a jury. The trial is expected to focus on the role the investment 
IMF Chief Sees Potential Hazard in US Fiscal Policies he managing director of the International Monetary Fund, Rodrigo de Rato, said yesterday that the dollar would have to fall and the United States would have to tackle its growing indebtedness 
Halliburton not notified on contract ban in Nigeria: spokeswoman WASHINGTON, Sept 20 : US company Halliburton said Nigeria has not notified it about its decision to place an embargo on awarding government contracts to the oil services giant #39;s subsidiary in the west African country.
Int #39;l Space Station crew begins preflight exams The replacement crew for the International Space Station has begun a two-day preflight exams, a part of final preparations to relieve the two-man Russian-American crew finishing a six-month mission.
Ryder-Tiger fails to clarify Cup enigma at Oakland Hills Tiger Woods finished the 35th Ryder Cup on a personal winning note in the last-day singles, but the enigma of his relationship with the biennial team competition remains.
English soccer legend Clough dies A spokeswoman for Derby City Hospital said that the manager was pronounced dead on Monday morning. Clough, who underwent a successful liver transplant in 2003, had been diagnosed with stomach cancer but only 
Two solid weeks for Seattle defense, but offense needs a boost Mike Holmgren is thrilled to be 2-0 and quite pleased with his team #39;s defensive effort in a 10-6 win at Tampa Bay. He praised punter Tom Rouen for outstanding kicking.
Brees expects to start despite concussion San Diego Chargers quarterback Drew Brees expects to start Sunday at Denver despite sustaining a mild concussion in a loss to the New York Jets.
Iraq War Foes Focus on Alternative Agenda to Bush (Reuters) Reuters - On the eve of President Bush's\address to the United Nations, domestic and foreign critics of\his Iraq war policy focused on a radically different\international agenda on Monday.
Colombia Militia Leader Said Killed (AP) AP - The leader of a paramilitary faction involved in peace talks was apparently one of five insurgents killed in an ambush on Monday, officials said.
Sweeping ban imposed on trial of B.C. woman accused of assisting suicide (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - DUNCAN, B.C. (CP) - A two-page publication ban signed by a B.C. Supreme Court justice was taped to the doors of a courtroom Monday where a Victoria woman is facing charges of helping two women commit suicide.
Researchers Say Microscope Can See Atoms (AP) AP - Oak Ridge National Laboratory researchers are peering into the atomic world with record clarity, developing an electron microscope image that can distinguish the individual, dumbbell-shaped atoms of silicon in a crystal.
Another 400 to lose jobs at Chase The \$58-million merger between JP Morgan Chase and Bank One Corp. is costing the region more jobs. Chase is eliminating 400 positions at its card services division, which is located at its 
Winning comeback for  #39;superb #39; Ferdinand RIO Ferdinand said it was a welcome relief just to be playing football again after making his return from an eight-month suspension last night in Manchester Uniteds 2-1 Premiership win against Liverpool at Old Trafford.
Penguins cancel games because of NHL lockout The Pittsburgh Penguins canceled their home preseason schedule and the regular-season opener on Monday because of the NHL lockout that threatens to wipe out the entire season.
Two American soldiers killed KABUL: Two US soldiers died yesterday in a fire-fight with insurgents in a troubled southeastern Afghan province, the American military said.
Nigeria bars Halliburton contracts Nigeria said on Monday it had banned the awarding of government contracts to Halliburton, the world #39;s second-largest oil services firm, following the theft of two radioactive devices from its Nigerian subsidiary.
Musharraf says U.S. must address root of terrorism (Reuters) Reuters - The United States could lose its war on terrorism unless it deals with the poverty and political disputes that give rise to militant extremism, Pakistan President Pervez Musharraf said in an interview on Monday.
Kerry Aide Talked to Retired Guard Officer (AP) AP - At the behest of CBS, an adviser to John Kerry said he talked to a central figure in the controversy over President Bush's National Guard service shortly before disputed documents were released.
Nikkei Led Higher by Techs, Shippers  TOKYO (Reuters) - Tokyo's Nikkei average rose 0.35 percent  by mid-morning on Tuesday as investors sought bargains among  technology and shipping firms, but gains were limited by  caution ahead of a monetary policy meeting in the United  States.
Effort to Extend Tax Cuts Gains Ground (AP) AP - Republican leaders, eager to deliver a pre-election victory to President Bush, moved closer to agreement Monday night on legislation needed to extend three popular middle-class tax cuts that are set to expire this year.
At Country Clubs, Gay Members Want All Privileges for Partners The hot topic at many golf clubs is one few members could have dreamed of talking about a decade ago.
Yahoo Shells Out \$160 Million for MusicMatch Apple #39;s iTunes Music Store may be the current 800-pound gorilla of the online music industry (as far as paid downloads are concerned), but now Yahoo - possibly the most visited site on the Internet - is getting into the fray, paying \$160 million in cash 
Mets or Expos Will Be Crowned the NL Least ORGET Red Sox-Yankees. Never mind the National League wild card. Oakland-Anaheim, Los Angeles-San Francisco? Who cares? The most compelling race left is the pursuit of last place in the National League East.
Trial for Wall Street as blue-chips slump on warnings HIGHER oil prices and profit warnings from Colgate-Palmolive and Unilever sent US shares lower. Buying of semiconductor shares helped limit losses on the Nasdaq as investors bought Intel and other semiconductors 
Stelios reaps windfall from tanker disposal EasyJet founder Stelios Haji-Ioannou and his family are likely to receive a windfall of about 100m from the sale of a New York-quoted shipping business which he established 12 years ago.
Reborn WorldCom in search of \$6bn buyer MCI, the telecom giant that used to be called WorldCom, has appointed bankers to explore a possible sale of the business. WorldCom has only recently emerged from what was 
Europe wins golf #39;s Ryder Cup Europe #39;s golfing team has won the Ryder Cup with a record margin, scoring 18-and-1/2 points over the nine-and-1/2 for the United States.
Brutal kidnappers gaining in popularity The video posted last night showing the beheading of the American hostage Eugene Armstrong is the latest example of the ruthlessness of the Iraqi militant group responsible.
Howard #39;s anti terror teams rejected Malaysia has hit out at Australian plans to base counter-terrorism teams in Southeast Asia, saying it #39;s capable of dealing with any terrorism threat on its own.
JP Morgan cancels 2.8bn IBM outsourcing deal Financial services firm JP Morgan Chase has cancelled a groundbreaking 2.8bn outsourcing deal with IBM which was intended to run for seven years.
Ferdinand Returns, Helps United Beat Liverpool 2-1 (Update1) Manchester United manager Alex Ferguson said Rio Ferdinand had a calming influence on the team during yesterday #39;s 2-1 victory over archrival Liverpool, the defender #39;s first match after a drug ban.
Boxing: Hopkins knocks out De la Hoya to keep undisputed &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; LAS VEGAS, Nevada: American Bernard Hopkins connected with a left hook to the body to knock out compatriot Oscar de la Hoya in the ninth round and retain the undisputed world middleweight title.
For Jets, Two Victories and Two Big Injuries The Jets began their bye week Monday, and the time off comes not a moment too soon. A day after their second straight victory sent them to their best regular 
Tropical storm Jeanne to bring floods and deaths to Haiti HAITI - At least 90 people died due to floods caused by heavy rains brought by Tropical storm Jeanne. Hundreds of people in Port-au-Prince, Haitis capital, have to save their lives from powerful water streams on the roofs of their properties.
China #39;s Hu takes over armed forces in flux Chinese Communist Party chief Hu Jintao has taken command of the world #39;s largest military, inheriting the challenge of transforming a 2.5-million-strong force long bent on making money into a world-class war machine.
Rwanda  #39;genocide #39; priest on trial The landmark trial of a Rwandan Roman Catholic priest accused of supervising the massacre of 2,000 of his Tutsi parishioners during the country #39;s 1994 genocide opened in his absence on Monday.
Mubarak seeks comprehensive reforms in Egypt Egyptian President Husni Mubarak wants reform on the economic, political and social fronts, according to an interview published on the eve of his ruling National Democratic Party #39;s (NDP) annual convention.
E-Courtrooms Designed to Reduce Trial Time (AP) AP - Every word spoken in the courtroom where Branden Basham is on trial for his life appears immediately before U.S. District Judge Joseph Anderson on a computer screen. Basham, accused in the 2002 abduction and death of Alice Donovan of Galivants Ferry, is having his case heard in one of three E-courtrooms in the new Matthew J. Perry Jr. Federal Courthouse here.
Brits still a far cry from Americans (Reuters) Reuters - British men are abandoning their stiff upper lips but still do not wear their hearts on their sleeves like Americans, a new\survey shows.
Jury Nearly Set for Enron Criminal Trial  HOUSTON (Reuters) - Opening arguments in the first criminal  case against former Enron Corp. employees are set to begin  after a federal court spent Monday whittling down a panel of  Houston-area residents to find an impartial jury in the city  still stinging from the company's downfall.
Ethics Committee Ends DeLay Fact-Finding (AP) AP - House ethics committee leaders said Monday they soon will present the panel with information on Majority Leader Tom DeLay's conduct and recommend whether to undertake a full investigation.
Dollar Stuck, Market Eyes FOMC Statement  TOKYO (Reuters) - The dollar stayed in tight ranges on  Tuesday as the market looked beyond a widely expected U.S.  interest rate raise later in the day and focused on what the  Fed would say about the possibility of further increases.
Diabetics 'must test blood more' Diabetics should test their blood sugar levels more regularly to reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease, a study says.
Unilever and Colgate Issue Profit Warnings for Rest of the Year Two big consumer products companies issued profit warnings, underscoring an increasingly tough competitive landscape for makers of some of the world's best-known brands.
Study Raises Questions About Bioengineered Grass A new study shows raises questions about the straying of plants altered through biotechnology and that could hurt the efforts of two companies to win approval for the first bioengineered grass.
Frequent Fliers Wonder if Their Miles Have a Future With all these newly bankrupt airlines, what are frequent fliers doing to preserve their mileage assets and stay on schedule?
Venerable Yacht Builder Tries to Regain Sea Legs Palmer Johnson hopes to its former glory by introducing a sleek new motor yacht design and concentrating on building boats.
U.S. Judge Orders Election Agency to Tighten Rules The decision left both parties arguing over which regulations are now in effect for the final weeks of the presidential campaign.
Iraqi Video Shows Beheading of Man Said to Be American The victim was identified as Eugene Armstrong, an American, who was seized along with another American and a Briton.
Billy Joel Gets a Star in Hollywood LOS ANGELES - Billy Joel wrote the song, "Say Goodbye to Hollywood." On Monday, he joked he'd never leave. "It looks like I'm always going be here," Joel said after his sidewalk star was unveiled on the Hollywood Walk of Fame...
Video: Purported U.S. Hostage Beheaded BAGHDAD, Iraq - The militant group lead by al-Qaida ally Abu Musab al-Zarqawi posted a gruesome video on a Web site Monday showing the decapitation of a man identified as American civil engineer Eugene Armstrong and said a second hostage - either an American or a Briton - would be killed in 24 hours.    The grisly beheading was the latest killing in a particularly violent month in Iraq, with more than 300 people dead in insurgent attacks and U.S...
Microsoft expands program on source code US software giant Microsoft Corporation has expanded a program giving government organizations access to some of its tightly guarded software blueprints.
Standout safety tore Achilles tendon LAKE FOREST, Ill. -- Chicago Bears safety Mike Brown will miss the rest of the season after tearing his right Achilles tendon in a victory over Green Bay, coach Lovie Smith said Monday.
Lightning defenseman Brad Lukowich signs to play in CHL Brad Lukowich went from the Stanley Cup champions to the Central Hockey League on Monday. The Tampa Bay Lightning defenseman signed to play with the Fort Worth Brahmas because the NHL has been shut down due to a labor dispute.
Floods Kill Hundreds as Storm Ravages Haiti Bloated bodies and weeping relatives filled mortuaries today as Tropical Storm Jeanne killed more than 570 Haitians with the toll expected to rise.
A 'Plan B' for PeopleSoft customers With an Oracle buyout looking likely, software-maintenance start-up TomorrowNow's phone is ringing off the hook.
US Judge Orders Election Agency to Tighten Rules A federal judge has ordered the Federal Election Commission to enact tougher restrictions on how millions of dollars are spent on campaigns, saying that its rules have 
Dow heeds warnings Negative pre-announcements from Colgate and Unilever hurt industrials. Fed rate news on tap Tuesday. By Alexandra Twin, CNN/Money Staff Writer.
Disney Chief Rules Out Board Position Michael D. Eisner, the chief executive of the Walt Disney Company, said on Monday that he did not plan to remain on the board or become chairman when he retires in two years.
Jacklin Criticizes Woods-Mickelson Pairing Former Europe captain Tony Jacklin says that  quot;never in a million years quot; would he have put Tiger Woods and Phil Mickelson together in a Ryder Cup pairing.
BRIAN CLOUGH 1935-2004: I WOULDN #39;T SAY I WAS THE BEST BOSS IN THE &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; BRIAN CLOUGH didn #39;t want an epitaph. But the football legend seemed to write his own every time he opened his mouth. Old Big  #39;Ead, who guided the unlikely stars of Nottingham Forest to back-to-back 
Ferdinand returns to United after eight month drug ban; Howard &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Rio Ferdinand returned to action after his eight-month suspension on Monday and produced a solid performance as Manchester United beat local rival Liverpool 2-1 to climb five places in the Premier League.
SOCCER REPORT A Late Charge by the Crew tight race in Major League Soccer #39;s Eastern Conference became even more cramped over the weekend as the Columbus Crew - riding a 13-game unbeaten streak - became the first of the eight qualifiers 
NHL teams begin to cancel games to free up arena dates for other &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The lockout that followed the expiration Sept. 15 of the collective bargaining agreement between the NHL and the NHL Players #39; Association places the entire 82-game season in jeopardy.
Floods kill at least 573 in Haiti Bloated corpses and weeping relatives have filled morgues as Haitians face yet another tragedy in a year marked by revolts, military interventions and deadly floods.
Second Thoughts for a Designer of Software That Aids Conservation Some believe that simpler rules may be more effective than computer models when it comes to protecting the environment.
Chicago Moving to 'Smart' Surveillance Cameras An advanced system of video surveillance will alert Chicago police whenever anyone viewed by the cameras acts suspiciously.
Rogers Wireless Makes Bid for Upstart Canadian Rival Rogers Wireless Communications positioned itself to become Canada's largest wireless service provider with a bid for the feisty market upstart, Microcell Telecommunications.
Blue Jays Rookie Pitcher Handcuffs Yankees (AP) AP - Gustavo Chacin became the first lefty starter to win his major league debut against the Yankees in the Joe Torre era, pitching the Toronto Blue Jays past New York 6-3 Monday night.
Orioles Slam Red Sox 9-6 (AP) AP - B.J. Surhoff hit a grand slam, and the Baltimore Orioles capitalized on the third straight poor start by a Boston pitcher to beat the Red Sox 9-6 on Monday night.
Tigers Defeat Indians 3-1 (AP) AP - Mike Maroth pitched splendidly into the seventh, and Dmitri Young and Brandon Inge homered to give the Detroit Tigers a 3-1 win over the Cleveland Indians on Monday night.
Federal Fisheries minister says there will be review of salmon mortality (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - VANCOUVER (CP) - Although the federal Fisheries Department monitors river conditions year-round, officials could not react fast enough to prevent deaths of spawning salmon in northern B.C. due to Fraser River temperatures, federal Fisheries Minister Geoff Regan suggested Monday.
Bush Campaign Raises  #36;260 Million Total (AP) AP - The GOP's decision to hold its presidential nominating convention a month later than the Democratic gathering is giving President Bush a big financial advantage in the campaign's final weeks.
Hutchison cuts IPO size  2004-09-20  Hutchison Whampoa Ltd has said that it would raise between \$975.6 million and \$1.13 billion from its initial public offering (IPO) ahead of an US and Hong Kong listing in mid-October.
Northrop Tapped to Design Jupiter Icy Moons Orbiter with JPL WASHINGTON -- Northrop Grumman beat out Boeing and Lockheed Martin to win a \$400 million contract to help NASA design the proposed multibillion dollar Jupiter Icy Moons Orbiter (JIMO) mission.
Samsung Electronics Develops 8Gb NAND Flash Memory With 60nm &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Samsung Electronics has developed a 8Gb NAND flash memory adopting technologies of processing chips with circuit width of 60nm, the first of its kind in the industry.
Flintoff and Harmison must hunt for Australia Following a summer of unprecedented success the headlines were inevitable.  quot;Bring on the Aussies quot; shouted one Sunday paper, following England #39;s 4-0 Test series whitewash of the West Indies.
Twins Win Third Straight AL Central Title! The Minnesota Twins have wrapped up their third straight AL Central crown by routing the Chicago White Sox 8-2. The Twins banged out four homers in the clincher and helped Carlos Silva pick up his 13th win.
Broncos sign Johnson The 6-2, 288-pound Johnson will move to the Broncos #39; exempt/commissioner permission list -- that means he could be activated to the 53-man roster within two weeks.
American beheaded An Al Qaeda-linked militant group beheaded an American hostage in Iraq and threatened last night to kill another two Westerners in 24 hours unless women prisoners were freed from Iraqi jails.
German Ban On Islamic Conference  #39;Extraordinarily Important &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; A decision by the Berlin state government to ban an Islamic conference promoting the  quot;resistance movement quot; in Iraq and the Palestinian territories was an  quot;extraordinarily 
Musharraf Says U.S. Must Address Palestinian Dispute (Reuters) Reuters - The United States could lose its war\on terrorism unless it deals with the political disputes that\give rise to militant extremism, starting with the Palestinian\issue, Pakistan President Pervez Musharraf said on Monday.
Official: Japan Could Extend Iraq Mission (AP) AP - Japan may extend its deployment of its non-combat troops in southern Iraq if the security situation in the country does not change, a top government official said Tuesday.
Nader Off Ballot in N.M., Ark., on in Md. (AP) AP - Judges in New Mexico and Arkansas on Monday denied Ralph Nader access to the Nov. 2. ballot in those states, but the independent presidential hopeful won a spot on the ballot in Maryland.
With Red Sox Gone, Thrill Is, Too The luster and momentum of the Red Sox series faded away in a procession of confounding pitches by Toronto's Gustavo Chacin.
DaVita to Buy Gambro Unit for \$3 Billion  PHILADELPHIA/STOCKHOLM (Reuters) - DaVita Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=DVA.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;DVA.N&lt;/A&gt; is  close to an agreement to acquire the dialysis operations of  Sweden's Gambro AB for about \$3 billion in a deal that would  create the No. 1 U.S. provider of dialysis services, a source  familiar with the situation said on Monday.
BA seeks to halt aid to Alitalia The head of British Airways, Europe #39;s second largest airline, has tried to block more state aid for Alitalia, the Italian carrier struggling to craft a rescue package and stave off bankruptcy.
James Hardie Underfunded Asbestos Fund, Inquiry Says (Update1) James Hardie Industries NV underfunded a trust to compensate asbestos victims by at least A\$1.5 billion (\$1.1 billion) and misled investors when it said it had set aside enough money 
Microsoft shares source code with government Microsoft Corp., a worldwide leader in operating systems, announced its decision to share Office 2003 source code with governments from over 30 countries.
AMD adds mobile processor to Athlon 64 lineup The new Mobile AMD Athlon 64 processor 3000 operates at 2GHz and is meant for use in thin and lightweight notebook computers. It is the highest performing processor in AMD #39;s family of low-power Mobile AMD 
Twins clinch AL Central title com. Not only did the Twins clinch their third straight American League Central title Monday night, but also did it at a bitter rival #39;s ballpark.
Syed Hamid: We are monitoring Darfur crisis KUALA LUMPUR: Foreign Minister Datuk Seri Syed Hamid Albar said Malaysia is closely monitoring the Darfur crisis and the United Nations (UN) Security Councils threat to impose sanctions on Sudans vital oil industry.
Aides to Iraqi Cleric say Insurgents Free 18 Iraqi Soldiers Aides to a top Shi #39;ite cleric in Iraq say 18 captive Iraqi soldiers have been freed by kidnappers who had threatened to kill them.
Clothes junkies flock Model Elizabeth Jagger, daughter of rocker Mick Jagger, is seen on the catwalk during London Fashion Week. Picture:AP. People watchers and pure clothes junkies flocked to London Fashion Week today to see well 
At least 556 killed by Jeanne in Haiti Tropical Storm Jeanne claimed at least 556 lives in Haiti over the weekend.(Xinhua/Reuters Photo). HAVANA, Sept. 20 (Xinhuanet) -- Tropical Storm Jeanne claimed at least 556 lives in Haiti after it rampaged 
Jiang departure stabilizes Strait, says MAC official The chances of an unexpected conflict across the Taiwan Strait have diminished with the retirement of China #39;s former President Jiang Zemin () from his post as military chief, a high ranking official from the Mainland Affairs Council contended 
Big Powers Urge Iran to Heed UN Nuke Freeze Demand The United States, the European Union and Russia urged Iran Monday to comply with the UN nuclear watchdog #39;s demand that it halt all activities linked to uranium enrichment, after Tehran rejected the call.
Microsoft to Share Source Code With Governments (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - Microsoft Corp. announced this week it is making the programming code for its Office 2003 software suite available to government agencies around the globe, a move partly aimed at allowing them to inspect the product for flaws and security problems.
ADQ steals riding from Liberals in one of four provincial byelections (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - MONTREAL (CP) - The Action democratique du Quebec grabbed a much-needed seat from the governing Liberals in a provincial byelection Monday, while the Liberals and the Parti Quebecois easily retained other ridings.
Dollar Stuck as Fed Statement Awaited  TOKYO (Reuters) - The dollar stayed in tight ranges on  Tuesday as the market, widely expecting a U.S. interest rate  increase later in the day, waited for the Federal Reserve to  shed light on the future course of monetary tightening.
Nikkei Up But Caution Looms Before Fed  TOKYO (Reuters) - Tokyo's Nikkei average rose 0.13 percent  by midday on Tuesday as investors sought bargains among  technology firms, but gains were limited by caution ahead of a  monetary policy meeting in the United States.
Twins Clinch Third Straight Division Title CHICAGO - If the Minnesota Twins couldn't win the AL Central title at home, Chicago was the next-best place for a party. Torii Hunter and Corey Koskie each hit a two-run homer in the first inning, and the Twins clinched their third straight division crown on their main rivals' home turf, beating the Chicago White Sox 8-2 Monday night...
CBS News Apologizes Over Bush Guard Story NEW YORK - CBS News apologized Monday for a "mistake in judgment" in its story questioning President Bush's National Guard service, claiming it was misled by the source of documents that several experts have dismissed as fakes.    The network said it would appoint an independent panel to look at its reporting about the memos...
US legal challenge against cigarette firms to start today In 1953, the chief executives of the country #39;s leading cigarette companies and officials from a major public relations firm gathered at the Plaza Hotel in Manhattan.
MCI Hires Advisers For Likely Sale Bid Just five months after emerging from bankruptcy protection, MCI Inc. has hired investment and legal advisers to solicit potential buyers for the telecommunications giant, sources close to the company confirmed.
Herndon, NY Cyber-Security Firms to Merge TruSecure Corp., a Herndon provider of network security systems, agreed to merge with Betrusted Holdings Inc., a New York company that offers similar services.
IN BRIEF  Inphonic, a Washington reseller of wireless phones, priced a proposed public offering at \$15 to \$17 a share, which would raise \$90 million to \$102 million.
Nextel Wants Better FCC Deal Nextel Communications Inc. is pressing the Federal Communications Commission to revamp its controversial decision giving the cellular company new airwaves, seeking changes that according to 
Northrop Grumman To Co-Design Jupiter Moons Explorer For NASA PASADENA, Calif. -- Northrop Grumman Space Technology has been selected to help NASA design a nuclear-powered spacecraft to orbit and explore three moons of Jupiter that may have oceans beneath their icy surfaces.
The best manager never to take charge of Wales LAUDED as the best manager never to manage England, Brian Clough could lay claim to the same title in Wales. Clough, who died yesterday from stomach cancer at the age of 69, led the unfashionable pair of Derby 
NL Wrap: Weathers Wins First Start in Six Years for Marlins David Weathers pitched five strong innings in his first start for six years, leading the Florida Marlins to a 5-2 win over the Chicago Cubs and a split of their National League doubleheader in Miami Monday.
NL Capsules Albert Pujols hit a tiebreaking single in the ninth inning, and the Cardinals beat the Milwaukee Brewers 7-4 Monday night for their major league-leading 98th victory.
Ross returns home as Vikings assistant Kevin Ross knows a thing or two about how rowdy Eagles fans can get for a Monday night game at Lincoln Financial Field. Now an assistant defensive backs coach for the Minnesota Vikings, Ross 
Injured Hogg heads home Brad Hogg will play no further part in Australia #39;s ICC Champions Trophy campaign because of a torn hamstring. The leg-spinner suffered the injury during a net session at Edgbaston on Sunday and will return home to Australia as soon as possible.
Anaheim Angels Team Report - September 20 (Sports Network) - The Anaheim Angels will try to get back on the winning track and break an 18-inning scoreless drought when they open up a crucial three-game set against the Seattle Mariners tonight at Angel Stadium.
American League Game Summary - Cleveland At Detroit Detroit, MI -- Mike Maroth tossed 6 2/3 innings of shutout ball, leading the Detroit Tigers to a 3-1 victory over the Cleveland Indians in the opener of a three-game series at Comerica Park.
Indonesian Shares Open 1.5 After Peaceful Elections -2- JAKARTA (Dow Jones)--Indonesian shares are sharply higher early Tuesday, boosted by a peaceful election and as early results show an apparent landslide victory for challenger Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono, dealers said.
Lithuania says pro-Chechen site likely will be shut down Lithuanian Prime Minister Algirdas Brazauskas said Friday that a pro-Chechen Web site likely would be shut down after it posted a purported message 
Update 3: Report: Yukos to Halt Crude Supplies The board of Russia #39;s embattled oil giant Yukos will halt crude supplies to Baltic refinery Mazeikiu Nafta until the end of the year, the Interfax agency reported Monday - just hours after Yukos confirmed a similar move involving a Chinese company.
Stelmar Founder Haji-Ioannou Rejects \$667 Mln Sale to Fortress Stelios Haji-Ioannou, chairman of EasyJet Plc, said he rejected a \$677 million agreement to sell Stelmar Shipping Ltd. because the offer doesn #39;t reflect recent gains in the value of the oil tanker business he founded in 1992.
Fannie Mae #39;s Board Briefed on Review Fannie Mae #39;s board of directors met yesterday to hear details about accounting problems its regulators have uncovered during a long-running review, according to a source familiar with the matter.
Security firms TruSecure and Betrusted to merge com September 20, 2004, 2:46 PM PT. Most IT Managers won #39;t question the importance of security, but this priority has been sliding between the third and fourth most important focus for companies.
JBoss reaches certification landmark JBoss Application Server 4.0, the next version of the open-source application server, was released on Monday. The company claims that JBoss AS 4.0 is the first open-source application server to achieve J2EE 
Champions Trophy heats up heading into semifinals World champion Australia faces erratic England in today #39;s semifinals while Pakistan - having beaten traditional rival India - now faces Brian Lara #39;s West Indies, which upset South Africa.
Eagles lead Vikings at halftime Donovan McNabb #39;s 11-yard touchdown pass to LJ Smith helped the Philadelphia Eagles take a 10-6 lead over the Minnesota Vikings at halftime on Monday night.
Vlad beaned in head during Angels game Anaheim, CA (Sports Network) - Anaheim Angels outfielder Vladimir Guerrero was drilled on the left side of his head by a pitch from Mariners pitcher Ryan Franklin, forcing him out of Monday #39;s game in the first inning.
Hu unlikely to ease up on Taiwan and HK: analysts President Hu Jintao (  ) could ease China #39;s hardline stance on Taiwan and Hong Kong now that his predecessor Jiang Zemin (  ) has retired but major policy changes are unlikely, analysts said yesterday.
PC security threats hit new high The number of viruses, worms and other security threats to PCs has now passed the 100,000 mark.
Ask Jeeves Launches Personalized Web Search Service (Reuters) Reuters - Ask Jeeves Inc. , the\third-biggest U.S. Web search provider, late on Monday unveiled\MyJeeves, a new product that helps users personalize their\Internet searches.
Goosen, Jimenez European Tours #39; secret ingredients OK, let #39;s think cakes. An unlikely way to start a golf column, we know, but all will become clear. We hope. Ask any Mom across the whole wide world and she will tell you that she needs all sort 
This Date in Baseball (AP) AP - 1934  #151; Daffy Dean of the St. Louis Cardinals pitched a no-hitter against the Brooklyn Dodgers for 3-0 victory in the second game of an Ebbets Field doubleheader. Daffy's brother, Dizzy, held Brooklyn hitless for eight innings in the opener and won 13-0.
AL Wrap: Twins Secure Third Straight AL Central Title  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Torii Hunter and Corey Koskie belted  two-run homers in the first inning to help the Minnesota Twins  clinch their third straight American League (AL) Central  Division title with an 8-2 victory over the Chicago White Sox  Monday.
Guerrero Beaned During Angels Game  ANAHEIM, Calif. (Sports Network) - Anaheim Angels  outfielder Vladimir Guerrero was drilled on the left side of  his head by a pitch from Mariners pitcher Ryan Franklin,  forcing him out of Monday's game in the first inning.
Kerry Does 'Top Ten' on Letterman Show (AP) AP - Democrat John Kerry joked Monday on "The Late Show with David Letterman" about changes under President Bush's tax plan, including that Vice President Dick Cheney can claim the president as a dependent.
Microsoft to Share Code With Governments Government officials have sought greater access to the program's technical details to ensure the software is compatible with other applications and is hiding no obvious security flaws. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-TheWashington Post&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;
MCI Hires Advisers For Likely Sale Bid Just five months after emerging from bankruptcy protection, the telecommunications giant retains investment and legal advisers to solicit potential buyers, sources say.&lt;br&gt;&lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-TheWashington Post&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;
Herndon, N.Y. Cyber-Security Firms to Merge  TruSecure Corp., a Herndon provider of network security systems, agreed to merge with Betrusted Holdings Inc., a New York company that offers similar services.
Nextel Wants Better FCC Deal Nextel Communications Inc. is seeking changes that according to some estimates could save Nextel as much as \$700 million.&lt;br&gt;&lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-TheWashington Post&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;
HGS Board Member Named Chairman Argeris N. Karabelas, a Human Genome Sciences board member, will become chairman Oct. 17, the company said Monday.&lt;br&gt;&lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-TheWashington Post&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;
Ex-General Defeats Indonesia's Megawati, Test Await  JAKARTA (Reuters) - Former general Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono  defeated Indonesian President Megawati Sukarnoputri in a  historic direct election but now has to deliver on promises of  tighter security, better government and more jobs.
Cal Coach Gets Five-Year Contract Deal California football coach Jeff Tedford looks up at the scoreboard in the fourth quarter as their game against Southern Mississippi winds up in Hattiesburg, Miss.
Boeing, IBM Announce 10-Year Partnership Boeing Co. and International Business Machines Corp. plan to develop advanced information technologies for the Defense Department and intelligence systems under a 10-year partnership the companies announced Monday.
US tobacco firms set for trial A \$280bn (156bn) government lawsuit against the largest cigarette manufacturers in the United States begins on Tuesday with both sides confident of victory.
Venerable Yacht Builder Tries to Regain Sea Legs Palmer Johnson hopes to regain its former glory by introducing a sleek new motor yacht design and concentrating on building boats.
Workers Face Difficult Choices as Airlines Seek Concessions The bankruptcies at US Airways and United show that companies can face financial distress even when workers cooperate.
First Criminal Trial on Enron to Begin Today As the first criminal trial stemming from the financial deals at Enron opens, it will be notable as much for who is not among the six defendants as who is.
Real Madrid lose ground on Barcelona The normally star studded Real Madrid missed most of their front line players in a match against Villarreal in the Spanish first division league on Sunday.
Abducted South Koreans' Kin Fault Seoul for Failure to Act Lee Min Kyo, a high school athlete, disappeared from a camping trip on the western shores of South Korea in 1977, leading his desperate parents to spend their life savings on a decades-long search that turned up no trace of their missing boy.
Blue Jays #39; Chacin wins debut in Yankee Stadium Gustavo Chacin walked into Yankee Stadium for the first time, looked around at the fans and the monuments and the pinstripes, and felt like any other nervous rookie.
Muddling #39; economy suffers bad day: Several factors contributed &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Wall Street got the blues yesterday and took it out on blue chip stocks amid concerns about declining corporate profits, recent oil price spikes and an expected boost today in short-term interest rates by the Federal Reserve.
Northrop Grumman to co-design Jupiter moons explorer for NASA PASADENA - Northrop Grumman Space Technology has been selected to help NASA design a nuclear-powered spacecraft to orbit and explore three moons of Jupiter that may have oceans beneath their icy surfaces.
Eagles-Vikings matchups QUARTERBACKS: Donovan McNabb and Daunte Culpepper represented the future for their franchises when drafted high in 1999. The future is now.
No Ashes bearing; Buchanan AS soon as the Champions Trophy draw came out setting up a potential semi-final between England and Australia, English cricket followers have looked forward to the chance to send out a message before next year #39;s Ashes series.
Cowboys bring out the worst in Garcia IRVING, Texas - Browns quarterback Jeff Garcia didn #39;t need a complicated formula to tell him he played the worst game of his career.
Johnson traded to Broncos Ellis Johnson #39;s career with the Falcons took another odd - and final -wist on Monday when the team traded the disgruntled defensive tackle to the Denver Broncos.
World leaders back anti-hunger drive year in development aid to combat global hunger, but the United States has poured cold water on the project.  quot;The greatest scandal is not that hunger exists but that it persists even when we have the means to eliminate it.
Jiang backs Hu, chants military unity mantra : Chinas freshly retired military leader Jiang Zemin threw his weight behind his successor Hu Jintao today and advised the armed forces never to renounce the use of force to reclaim Taiwan.
South Korea's chief nuclear negotiator leaves for Japan (AFP) AFP - South Korea's top nuclear negotiator left for Japan to discuss ways to break a deadlock in six-nation talks on North Korea's nuclear weapons programs, officials said.
Former NBA Star Calvin Murphy Acquitted of Sexual Abuse Former basketball star Calvin Murphy was acquitted on Monday by a Houston jury of sexually abusing five of his daughters. Murphy, 56, had denied the charges that he had abused the five 
Disney Chief Rules Out Board Position Michael D. Eisner, Disney's chief, said that he did not plan to remain on the board or become chairman when he retires in two years.
Storm Death Toll Rises to 622 in Haiti GONAIVES, Haiti - The death toll from a tropical storm that devastated parts of Haiti rose to 622 late Monday as search crews recovered hundreds of bodies carried away by raging weekend floods or buried by mud or the ruins of their homes, officials said.    The bodies of at least 500 people killed by Tropical Storm Jeanne were filling morgues in Gonaives, according to Toussaint Kongo-Doudou, a spokesman for the U.N...
Back to the Drawing Board at the FEC A US District Court judge has sent the Federal Election Commission back to work on a passel of rules it wrote to put the 2002 campaign-finance law into effect.
Financier was grim reaper: Market-timing crime profited after 9/11 On September 13, 2001, most Americans were still reeling from the shock of the terrorist attacks on New York and the Pentagon two days before.
San Diego #39;s Sea of Fiscal Woes It sure isn #39;t the kind of a report an incumbent mayor seeking to hold onto his job wants to have come out six weeks before an election: On Sept.
Ask Jeeves Launches Personalized Web Search Service Ask Jeeves Inc. (ASKJ.O: Quote, Profile, Research) , the third-biggest US Web search provider, late on Monday unveiled MyJeeves, a new product that helps users personalize their Internet searches.
Study Raises Questions About Bioengineered Grass new study shows that genes from genetically engineered grass can spread much farther than previously known, a finding that raises questions about the straying of other plants altered through 
Samsung Goes to 80nm Capitalizing on the DDR2 market momentum -- a market expected to grow from 11 percent this year to 50 percent by the end of next year according to Gartner Dataquest -- Seoul, South Koreas Samsung Electronics Co.
76ers sign Josh Davis Philadelphia 76ers President and General Manager Billy King announced today that the Sixers have signed free agent Josh Davis. Per team policy, terms of the contract are not disclosed.
Some Succor for Schrder Jean-Pierre Garnier, CEO of British pharmaceutical company GlaxoSmithKline (GSK ), found German Chancellor Gerhard Schrder in a bitter state when they saw each other recently.
Leader rejects Blair  #39;second wave #39; claim Iraq #39;s interim prime minister, Ayad Allawi, yesterday contradicted Tony Blair #39;s claim that there was a new conflict inside Iraq and dismissed fears of a civil war.
Talks will be successful, hopes president NEW YORK, Sept 20: Expressing the hope that there will be a breakthrough in his first meeting with the Indian prime minister, President Pervez Musharraf said here on Sunday he expected the talks to get the impetus they deserved.
Sun begins pay-as-you-go supercomputing Plan will let customers rent supercomputing power from the company's data centers, paying for exactly as much muscle as they need.
Alitalia #39;s Board Approves a Rescue Plan Alitalia #39;s board approved a four-year rescue plan Monday that was needed to unlock a 400 million-euro emergency loan and prevent bankruptcy, after unions agreed to thousands of job cuts.
Shares Drop as Colgate and Unilever Cut Profit Forecasts Stocks dropped yesterday as Colgate-Palmolive and Unilever cut profit forecasts, fueling concern that earnings growth is slowing at a time when borrowing costs are headed higher.
Nigeria Bars Contracts With Halliburton Nigeria said on Monday that it had banned the awarding of government contracts to Halliburton, the oil services company, as a result of the theft of two radioactive devices from its Nigerian subsidiary.
Forstmann Little settles pension fund lawsuit for \$15 million HARTFORD, Conn. -- An investment firm that was found in breach of contract in a lawsuit involving the state #39;s pension fund has settled for \$15 million, the two sides announced Monday.
Nike Profit Up 25; US Sales Climb Nike said yesterday that first-quarter earnings were up 25 percent as demand for its athletic shoes fueled the fastest United States sales gain in more than a year.
Ryding a little lower in London; Tiger loses touch This past Sunday night (or Sunday afternoon Eastern Standard Time), my roommates and I hung our heads in defeat as Colin Montgomerie put away the Americans in the Ryder Cup.
Eagles Contain Moss, Top Vikings, 27-16 It took about two-and-a-half hours before one of Monday nights protagonists finally made his mark. Fortunately for the Eagles, the one who did played for them.
Twins clinch AL Central Torii Hunter and Corey Koskie hit two-run homers to help the Minnesota Twins clinch their third straight AL Central title with an 8-2 victory over the Chicago White Sox on Monday.
Death toll from tropical storm is nearly 600 in Haiti Rescuers pulled bodies from floodwaters yesterday that raged through parts of Haiti #39;s third-largest city, sweeping people from their homes and driving survivors into trees, atop cars and onto rooftops after Tropical Storm Jeanne.
Ask Jeeves Serves It Your Way It's a busy day at Ask Jeeves with the announcement of several new services and enhancements, including the launch of a new personalized search tool and a major upgrade of the company's Teoma search engine. 
U.S. Oil Holds Above  #36;46 on Supply Fears (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. oil prices held above  #36;46 a\barrel on Tuesday on worries of a major supply disruption at a\time when producers are pumping at full tilt to meet strong\demand.
Ask Jeeves Hoping to Outshine Google (AP) AP - Hoping to emerge from the shadow of its more popular rivals, Ask Jeeves Inc. is adding new tools for visitors to save and organize links to Web pages they find through the company's online search engine.
U.S. Oil Holds Above \$46 on Supply Fears  SINGAPORE (Reuters) - U.S. oil prices held above \$46 a  barrel on Tuesday on worries of a major supply disruption at a  time when producers are pumping at full tilt to meet strong  demand.
Nintendo's Newest Product Aims for Adults In a shift in strategy, Nintendo plans to begin selling its next generation of hand-held video game devices in the United States in time for the coming Christmas season.
Cascarino has hand in rescuing Exeter The name Tony Cascarino has not figured large in the history of Exeter City but history may show that, in pairing their No 64 ball with Manchester United #39;s during Sunday #39;s FA Cup third round draw, he helped save the club.
Former Coke Exec to Become Starwood CEO  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Steven Heyer, a former top executive  at Coca-Cola &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=KO.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;KO.N&lt;/A&gt; who left shortly after being denied the  chief executive slot in May, is set to take the helm of  Starwood Hotels Worldwide &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=HOT.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;HOT.N&lt;/A&gt;, the company said on Tuesday.
New Safety for Giants Is Tough on Himself For anyone who has watched the Giants' defense over the past few seasons, safety Brent Alexander's critique of his play in Sunday's victory seems laughable.
Top Colombia militant gunned down Colombian paramilitary leader Miguel Arroyave is killed, casting further doubts on ongoing peace talks.
Howard terror plan gets brush-off Australia's neighbours dismiss Prime Minister John Howard's plan for pre-emptive strikes oversees.
No Passing Blame With four interceptions and seven turnovers in Sunday's loss to the Giants, quarterbacks Mark Brunell and Patrick Ramsey take the shots for the team's sloppy showing.
Tough Road Ahead One view of the Terps' season reveals a team one play away from having two losses with eight games remaining that could be tougher than anyone had imagined.
Mild 'Tuna' It might have taken 63 years, but Bill Parcells seems to have found a happy medium of emotions in coaching the Dallas Cowboys.
Navy Starts Fast A 3-0 start hasn't skewed Navy's view of where their season can go if they lose focus according to Coach Paul Johnson.
Over Before It Started No. 14 Broadneck waited through a three-day postponement for the conclusion of its 30-0 win over Arundel.
PeopleSoft's customer woes Competitors say they are winning contracts over PeopleSoft because of concern about company's future.
Hardie executives face charges JAMES Hardie executives face criminal charges over the company #39;s 2001 move to the Netherlands after a government commission found the building company underprovided a fund for asbestos victims by up to \$2 billion.
Forstmann Little to Pay \$15 Million in Lawsuit Forstmann Little  amp; Company, a New York buyout firm led by Theodore J. Forstmann, settled a lawsuit with Connecticut #39;s state employees #39; pension fund for \$15 million, state officials said.
Minnesota Twins beat White Sox 8-2 to clinch third straight &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; As Torii Hunter stood in the middle of the Minnesota Twins #39; raucous clubhouse, two teammates sneaked up from behind and threw a cooler full of water on him.
Eagles 27 Vikings 16 PHILADELPHIA Donovan McNabb threw for two touchdowns and ran for another as Philadelphia beat Minnesota 27-to-16. McNabb #39;s 45-yard scoring pass to Terrell Owens gave the Eagles a 24-to-9 lead midway through the final quarter.
Problems piling up for Chiefs Turns out there was a reason why Priest Holmes didn #39;t play in the final 8 1/2 minutes when the Chiefs trailed Carolina by only 11 points in their 28-17 loss Sunday.
Fed Seen Boosting Rates Despite Worries (Reuters) Reuters - Federal Reserve policy-makers were\expected to raise U.S. interest rates on Tuesday for a third\time this year, continuing to lift borrowing costs from\rock-bottom levels despite some signs of economic softness.
Blair backs India's quest for permanent seat on UN Security Council (AFP) AFP - British Prime Minister Tony Blair has backed India's quest for a permanent seat on the UN Security Council as well as having it join talks with G-8 countries on climate change and African development.
EA Sees Girl Power Boost with 'Sims 2' Sales (Reuters) Reuters - Video game giant Electronic Arts expects\to sell 2 million units of the "Sims 2" video game this year in\Europe, proving skeptics wrong that you can't build a market\around female gamers.
AOL to Sell Secure ID Tags to Fight Hackers (Reuters) Reuters - America Online will begin offering to\sell members a security device and service that has been used\to safeguard business computer networks, the world's largest\Internet service provider said on Tuesday.
Australia says Asian anti-terror allies not targets of pre-emptive strikes (AFP) AFP - Australia's government moved to reassure its Asian neighbours that plans for pre-emptive strikes on overseas terrorist bases would not involve attacks on its partners in the war against terror.
Fed Seen Boosting Rates Despite Worries  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Federal Reserve policy-makers were  expected to raise U.S. interest rates on Tuesday for a third  time this year, continuing to lift borrowing costs from  rock-bottom levels despite some signs of economic softness.
U.S. Suit Against Tobacco Makers Goes to Trial  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Major cigarette makers go on trial  on Tuesday in the U.S. government's \$280 billion racketeering  case that charges the tobacco industry with deliberately  deceiving the public about the risks of smoking since the  1950s.
Tobacco firms face huge fraud lawsuit After five years of preparation, the federal government expects to take the nation #39;s tobacco industry to court today, alleging massive fraud and seeking a \$280 billion penalty 
Ask Jeeves personalises Web searches Ask Jeeves, the third-biggest US Web search provider, has unveiled MyJeeves, a new product that helps users personalise their Internet searches.
Maradona goes to Cuba The former Argentine football star, Diego Armando Maradona, traveled on Monday to Cuba to continue his treatment against his addiction to drugs.
Jarden picks up Coleman, Sunbeam Consumer products maker Jarden Corp. said Monday it will buy American Household Inc. for \$745.6 million, including assumed debt, to add such product lines as Coleman, Sunbeam, Mr.
No Hanging Up Spectrum Scrap Verizon Wireless is decrying a reported attempt by Nextel to reduce the price tag in its controversial spectrum deal with the Federal Communications Commission (FCC).
VMWare Aims At Becoming PC Management Standard Its new software lets PC administrators create policy controls specifying how long a user will have access to the operating system and applications, what peripherals can connect to the environment, and more.
US Suit Against Tobacco Makers Goes to Trial Major cigarette makers go on trial on Tuesday in the US government #39;s \$280 billion racketeering case that charges the tobacco industry with deliberately deceiving the public about the risks of smoking since the 1950s.
Judge rejects campaign-finance rules A federal judge has struck down rules governing campaign fund-raising, concluding that the regulations undermine a 2-year-old campaign finance reform law and allow political activists and candidates to dodge it.
Search engines develop personal touches for Web surfers ways to easily track and store Internet searches -o make online research easier and more productive. On Tuesday, No.
Jarden buying American Household Shares of Jarden Corp. gave back early gains Monday as the market digested the company #39;s definitive agreement to acquire American Household Inc.
PassCode - Secure ID Tags to Fight Hackers AOL have signed a deal with Internet security company RSA Security Inc. to launch its new AOL PassCode, designed to add an additional layer of protection to member accounts.
Beckham Shocked By Camacho #39;s Exit David Beckham admits he was very surprised by Jose Antonio Camacho #39;s decision to resign as manager of Real Madrid, but insists he was unaware of any problems between the coach staff and the players.
Soccer: Maradona arrives in Cuba for drug treatment HAVANA : Argentine football legend Diego Maradona arrived at Havana late Monday to undergo treatment for his addiction to cocaine.
White Sox victims of clinch For a brief moment Monday night, the celebration for Minnesota manager Ron Gardenhire stopped following his team #39;s division-clinching 8-2 victory over the White Sox and 21,991 at US Cellular Field.
Bradys timing perfect The first reaction to Tom Brady news #39;s performance against the Cardinals on Sunday was, Thank goodness the Patriots stats, news weren #39;t playing a real NFL team.
Yankees notebook: Giambi may not be fall guy After sitting out the final two games of the weekend #39;s series with the Red Sox, Jason Giambi was not in the Yankees lineup again last night and, for the first time, manager Joe Torre 
Leader of Colombia #39;s paramilitary group shot dead Miguel Arroyave, chief of a faction of the paramilitary Self-Defense Forces of Colombia (AUC),has been killed in an ambush in the country #39;s central-south province of Meta, authorities said Monday.
Man slashes 25 kids at China school BEIJING - A knife-wielding man was arrested in the eastern Chinese province of Shandong on Monday after injuring 25 students and holding a 9-year-old girl hostage at an elementary school, China #39;s official media reported.
Kerry and Bush square off on Iraq Iraq takes centre-stage in the US election campaign as John Kerry and George W Bush trade insults.
Eagles Clobber Vikings 27-16 PHILADELPHIA - Donovan McNabb didn't need much of Terrell Owens on Monday night. Daunte Culpepper could have used a lot more of Randy Moss...
US Oil Holds Above \$46 on Supply Concerns  SINGAPORE (Reuters) - U.S. oil prices held above \$46 a  barrel on Tuesday on worries of a major supply disruption at a  time when producers are pumping at full tilt to meet strong  demand.
AL Wrap: Twins Secure Third Straight AL Central Title  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Torii Hunter and Corey Koskie belted  two-run homers in the first inning to help the Minnesota Twins  clinch their third straight American League Central Division  title with an 8-2 victory over the Chicago White Sox Monday.
Pound adds to pressure on Jones The head of the World Anti-Doping Agency said yesterday that if Marion Jones is found to have taken drugs she should be stripped of all her medals, regardless of when she won them.
Starwood Taps Former Coke Exec as New CEO  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Steven Heyer, a former top executive  at Coca-Cola who left shortly after being denied the chief  executive slot in May, is set to take the helm of Starwood  Hotels Worldwide, the company said on Tuesday.
Yudhyono boost for stock market Indonesia's stock market makes strong gains as former general Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono looks set to become president.
Cubs, Marlins Split The Cubs briefly lead the NL wild-card standings after winning the first game of a doubleheader with the Marlins, but lose the sceond.
AOL to Sell Secure ID Tags to Fight Hackers  NEW YORK (Reuters) - America Online will begin offering to  sell members a security device and service that has been used  to safeguard business computer networks, the world's largest  Internet service provider said on Tuesday.
AMD Announces New Mobile Chip For Notebooks Advanced Micro Devices announced its plans for a new lineup of mobile Athlon 64-bit processors intended for thin and light notebooks.
Anteon gets Defense contract The US Joint Forces Command has awarded a \$29 million contract to design, establish and maintain a Joint Advanced Training Technology Laboratory to Anteon International Corp.
Neither a  #39;dream #39; nor a  #39;team #39; This is my dream for future so-called American dream teams, no matter if they swing a golf club or cross over on the dribble. Not only that, they sit in coach.
Criminal charges anticipated in fatal traffic collision ADA, Okla. -- A hit-and-run driver allegedly involved in a traffic collision that killed an East Central University football player from Texas surrendered to authorities Monday and will face murder charges 
Suspected terrorist released in UK London, Sept 21 (Guardian News Service): One of the 13 detainees interned in Britain for nearly three years as suspected international terrorists was released yesterday from ahigh security prison 
Senate Panel to Vote on Digital TV Bill (Reuters) Reuters - A critical Senate\committee plans to vote this week on legislation that would\require broadcasters to abandon their current analog TV\channels and switch solely to digital transmissions by 2009.
Angels Clobber Mariners 5-2 (AP) AP - Dallas McPherson had three hits and an RBI in his first major league start Monday night, helping the Anaheim Angels gain ground in the playoff race with a 5-2 victory over the Seattle Mariners.
Soccer Legend Maradona Arrives in Cuba (AP) AP - Former soccer great Diego Maradona returned to Cuba on Monday to resume treatment for cocaine addiction after a relapse confined him to a psychiatric hospital in his native Argentina and sparked unsuccessful attempts by his family to keep him at home.
Singh voted PGA player of year by peers CBC SPORTS ONLINE - Vijay Singh officially supplanted Tiger Woods as the world #39;s finest golfer, earning PGA player of the year honours on Monday.
Keegan Tips Downing for England Honours Former England boss Kevin Keegan has joined the campaign for Middlesbrough winger Stewart Downing to be given his chance at senior international level.
Airlines Likely To Change Tack An aviation analyst believes Air New Zealand and Qantas will amend their bid to form an alliance and work instead on sharing resources.
No Passing Blame Quarterbacks Mark Brunell and Patrick Ramsey began dissecting their sloppy performances on the bus ride out of the Meadowlands on Sunday afternoon and continued the exchange on the charter back to Dulles that evening.
Cubs split doubleheader with Marlins A storm on the horizon was not what Dusty Baker wanted to see during the Chicago Cubs #39; quick trip to South Florida.  quot;When we were coming in, I saw some mighty clouds, quot; Baker said.
Reds Hall welcomes Rose in exhibits only Ask any baseball fan to list the greatest players in Cincinnati Reds history, and the name Pete Rose usually will come up. But Rose didn #39;t take part in the unveiling of a new Reds museum.
Critics see political taint All presidents claim credit for economic success - and are tarred for failure. But most economists say the Federal Reserve has the greater influence.
San Diego #39;s credit rating suspended SAN DIEGO ---- The credit rating of the city of San Diego was temporarily suspended Monday by Standard  amp; Poor #39;s, one of the major rating services of municipal finances.
Water And Methane Find Points To Life On Mars? The European Space Agency #39;s probe, Mars Express, may have found new evidence that points to the possibility of present life on Mars.
Sun set to announce new server, storage hardware SEPTEMBER 20, 2004 (IDG NEWS SERVICE) - Sun Microsystems Inc. will hold its quarterly product launch this week, unleashing a raft of new hardware offerings spanning servers to storage.
Miscues haunt  #39;Skins EAST RUTHERFORD, NJ--In an odd way, the Washington Redskins had sensed that they were on the verge of a slippery outing. You see, since the beginning of training camp, the Redskins #39; quarterbacks have had trouble receiving snaps from the center.
World leaders gather for UN debate World leaders have convened for the annual UN General Assembly debate beginning today -ne day after interim Iraqi Prime Minister Iyad Allawi pressed the world body to help his country organize free elections in January.
Nikkei Edges Down by Close  TOKYO (Reuters) - Tokyo's Nikkei average started a  holiday-shortened week slightly down on Tuesday, falling for a  fourth straight session as brokers and banks fell again on  recent domestic data showing signs of a slowdown in some key  areas.
Syria to move troops in Lebanon Syrian troops are about to redeployed in Lebanon, three weeks after a UN motion urged their withdrawal.
UBS to Buy Julius Baer U.S. Business  ZURICH/NEW YORK (Reuters) - Swiss banking group UBS, the  world's largest wealth manager, said on Monday it had  strengthened its position in the United States by buying local  rival Julius Baer's U.S. wealth-management business.
Informal alliance likely for Air NZ, Qantas Air New Zealand and Qantas are likely to form a modified alliance after the New Zealand High Court yesterday ruled against the airlines joining together in a formal way.
Jaguar ends car making in Coventry Car production is to end at Jaguars historic Browns Lane factory in Coventry but some work will continue there, parent firm Ford has confirmed.
City #39;s credit standing frozen by top agency Signaling it can no longer vouch for the fiscal health of America #39;s seventh-largest city, a major Wall Street credit-rating agency Monday suspended its ratings for San Diego because officials 
Oil price propels TSX as warnings hurt Dow The Toronto Stock Exchange cruised to a flat close yesterday as the latest rise in oil prices propelled energy stocks higher. But New York blue chips finished lower as the price of oil ended above \$46 (US) a 
Sun, HP Focus on SAN Management Sun Microsystems Inc. and Hewlett-Packard Co. are both building storage virtualization tools and storage grid technology to help customers drive adaptable intelligence and unified management deeper into multivendor storage environments.
Targeting stress response proteins on breast, prostate tumor cells &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; HOUSTON - Stress response proteins present on the outside of cancer cells offer a promising target for a novel drug  quot;guidance system, quot; say researchers at The University of Texas MD Anderson Cancer Center.
Charting the Majors * Guerrero beaned: Vladimir Guerrero left the Angels game against the Mariners in the first inning after being hit on the left side of the head by a pitch from Ryan Franklin.
Toronto Blue Jays News As far as improbable endings go, this one has to rank high on the  quot;Rudy quot; scale. Gustavo Chacin was the ultimate underdog on Monday night, a Double-A pitcher summoned to face the toughest team in the American League.
Belichick fillets Tuna: Powerful coach can rip Parcells Haven #39;t seen too many people dare to cross Bill Parcells, verbally or in print. Not many have the guts. Most are afraid to incur the Tuna #39;s wrath.
Maroth finally gets 11th win, 3-1 When you #39;ve lost 21 games in a season, how tough can it be to deal with a runner in scoring position and nobody out? Tigers left-hander Mike Maroth ruined three such opportunities for Cleveland 
US troops killed in Afghanistan Two US soldiers have been killed in a gun battle in southeastern Afghanistan, the US military has said. Six Afghan and two other American troops were slightly wounded in the exchange, in the province of Paktika.
Bollore to Raise Havas Stake; Won #39;t Seek Short-Term Control French financier Vincent Bollore said he plans to lift his stake in Havas SA, the world #39;s sixth- largest advertising company, from the current 10.
Creative out to cut iPod lead Computer audio equipment maker Creative Technology will be doubling its MP3 player product lines from its current eight by year-end, stepping up competition for rivals such as Apple Computer.
Desktop Linux thinks small com September 20, 2004, 11:23 AM PT. This fourth priority #39;s main focus has been improving or obtaining CRM and ERP software for the past year and a half.
Cancer cells hit by  #39;guided drugs #39; Proteins found on the outside of cancer cells could be targeted by a drug  quot;guidance system quot; which seeks out and destroys the disease, scientists have said.
Moss, Owens battle on Monday night stage BRISTOL, Connecticut (Ticker) - Two of the NFL #39;s best receivers go head-to-head on the national stage Monday night when Terrell Owens and the Philadelphia Eagles host Randy Moss and the Minnesota Vikings.
Tempers flare in M #39;s loss ANAHEIM, Calif. -- With players getting hurt left and right, the Anaheim Angels defeated the Mariners 5-2 last night at Edison Field.
Safina Extends Family Run in China Russian Dinara Safina stormed into the second round of the China Open Monday, the day after big brother Marat Safin won the men #39;s title.
Week 2 replay: Two down, and here #39;s what #39;s up By Charlie Riedel, AP. : Kansas City #39;s 0-2 start includes an offseason strategy that is backfiring. The Chiefs defense was a huge problem last year - so much so that NFL Commissioner 
At 63, Parcells mellowing ... sort of This time around, Bill Parcells is doing things differently. The coaching corps #39; new spokesman for tough love even took a moment to remind himself after the Dallas Cowboys #39; victory 
Fringe Parties Gain in German Elections BERLIN Sept. 19, 2004 - Voters in two east German states angry over high unemployment handed a rebuke Sunday to Germany #39;s two biggest parties, giving big gains to far right and former Communist groups, television projections showed.
French state railways back in black in first half of 2004 (AFP) AFP - The French state-owned railway system was back in the black in the first half of 2004, posting a parent net profit of 43 million euros (52.4 million dollars) after losing 243 million euros in the first half of 2003, La Tribune economic news daily reported.
Payback Time For The Cock Of The Prairie Is the strutting sage grouse, iconic bird of the Western steppe, an endangered species? No doubt about it, say environmentalists, who petitioned for federal protection for the  quot;cock of the prairie, quot; as Lewis and Clark fondly dubbed it.
Exports From Iraq North Oil Fields Normal (AP) AP - Exports from Iraq's northern oil fields are back to normal after a spate of attacks earlier this month that crippled a key pipeline, the state-run Northern Oil Co. said Tuesday.
Japan's Mitsubishi Electric to focus on small LCDs due to competition (AFP) AFP - Japan's Mitsubishi Electric Corp. said that it plans to wind down production of large-size liquid crystal display (LCD) panels to focus on smaller panels because of price competition.
Philippine telcos lead world in texting profits (AFP) AFP - Philippine carriers Smart Communications and Globe Telecom lead telcos worldwide in reaping revenues from cellular data transfers, according to a report in Business World.
Microsoft slips out another database beta Microsoft has released another interim version of its forthcoming SQL Server 2005 database and has introduced a free management tool.
American and Briton Face Beheading in Iraq  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Militants led by Washington's top foe  in Iraq said they would kill an American and a Briton on  Tuesday unless their demands were met, a day after they  released footage showing them severing the head of another U.S.  hostage.
Firefox users ignore online ads, report says Internet Explorer users are at least four times as likely to click on Web ads than Firefox users, a German advertising technology company said last week.
M S share buyback set at 332-380p Troubled retailer M S is offering 332-380p a share in a 2.3bn buyback scheme - less than Philip Green offered for control of the group.
China gears up for share sell-off China's biggest steelmaker and its second biggest bank put the pieces in place for massive flotations.
UK Government Calls For Stronger Ratings According to the UK #39;s trade and industry secretary Patricia Hewitt, laws banning the sale of 18-rated games to children need to be enforced more strongly and warnings on boxes should be clearer.
Serena, Kuznetsova,Sharapova among top names in China Open Five of world #39;s top 15 players have made their way to compete this week #39;s \$585,000 China Open, a Tier II event on the WTA Tour.
UN, leaders to focus on world poverty issue UNITED NATIONS -- The leaders of France and Brazil warned on Monday that poverty leads to violence and urged the international community to find ways to narrow the gap between rich and poor, casting a spotlight on the more than a billion people living on 
Appeals to Blair over UK hostage in Iraq The family of a British hostage captured in Iraq has appealed to the British Prime Minister, Tony Blair, to intervene to try to save his life.
China Asks Yukos to Honor its Contracts Chinese officials urged Russias biggest oil exporter Yukos Oil Company to stand by its earlier commitments to export crude oil to China.
Inquiry criticises James Hardie CEO Victims and unions have emerged as key stakeholders in the fight to ensure James Hardie Industries meets its asbestos compensation responsibilities after the NSW government tied them to the company #39;s economic future.
AOL beefs up security MAMMOTH OUTFIT AOL has decided that passwords are not enough and is issuing an optional two tiered layer of security. According to Associated Press, the two-factor authentication scheme will cost \$1.
Fund group to pay \$5m fine The company that runs the Franklin Templeton mutual funds yesterday admitted that it allowed an investor to market-time its funds in exchange for putting \$10 
US broadcasters object to planned digital TV bill US television broadcasters Monday labeled as inadequate planned legislation to ensure millions of consumers can still watch television once broadcasters begin airing only in digital.
Atari launches 64-bit AMD 64 game CHIP FIRM AMD has got itself very excited because Atari has released a game that takes advantage of 64-bitness. The game, called Shadow Ops: Red Mercury, has more detail, uses artificial intelligence and  quot;never before seen textures quot;.
Alexandria Hospital to Create a Virtual ICU Starting next month, intensive-care patients at Inova Alexandria Hospital will be monitored round the clock by more than doctors and nurses at their bedsides.
Middleware moves into open source JBoss Application Server 4.0, middleware recently certified for J2EE, is ready for enterprise production deployment, according to JBoss.
Nokia enhances SSL VPN security Most IT Managers won #39;t question the importance of security, but this priority has been sliding between the third and fourth most important focus for companies.
If the US is ever going to defeat Europe, these changes need to be &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; BLOOMFIELD TOWNSHIP, Mich. -- America is sick of losing these Ryder Cups. Sick, sicker, sickest. The Euros have whupped the bejesus out of us now four of the last five times and, as American player Kenny Perry 
Clough: A genuine original Although Brian Clough retired from management 11 years ago, he continued to monitor football with his usual passion. He followed the fortunes of his son, Nigel - the player-manager at Burton 
Job was a royal headache Benfica and Real Madrid set the standard for soccer success in Europe in the late 1950s and early  #39;60s. The clubs have evolved much differently, but both have struggled 
Vikings Kearse-d by defensive wrinkle The cover of the official game program, being hawked by vendors for several blocks around Lincoln Financial Field here on Monday night, seemed to augur what was about to 
Hopkins leaves chink in the Golden Boy #39;s armor On paper, it looked like a matchup of youth against age. It even appeared it could have been one of those classic boxer-versus-slugger wars.
Twins make it 3 straight The Minnesota Twins clinched on a bus in 1991. They clinched in a plastic-covered clubhouse in Cleveland in 2002, watching television.
Time #39;s running out for Marlins in chase for NL wild card Although stormy weather has been a tough opponent for the Florida Marlins in their push to make the playoffs, it hasn #39;t deterred their hopes of catching lightning in a bottle.
Kennedy suffers knee injury It didn #39;t look good when it happened on the field, and it looked worse in the clubhouse. Angels second baseman Adam Kennedy left the Angels #39; 5-2 win over the Seattle Mariners 
Notebook: Browns rookie Winslow might be out for season The rookie season of Cleveland tight end Kellen Winslow Jr. might have ended after two games. The first-round draft pick is among several players who will be sidelined for a few weeks 
Rice #39;s anger about broken streak seems over ALAMEDA, Calif. - Jerry Rice returned to the practice field Monday and showed the Raiders the same old-fashioned work ethic that has defined his stellar career, a day after his record receptions streak ended.
Debut at Lambeau Growing up in Brandon, Israel Idonije wouldn #39;t have known George Halas from Vince Lombardi, he didn #39;t really care about Da Bears and he was certainly no Cheesehead.
Iran says to pursue nuclear program with or without IAEA &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Iranian President Mohammad Khatami said Tuesday that Iran will push on with its nuclear program even if it is forced to halt inspections by the UN nuclear watchdog.
Rich, poor gap worries world leaders Ahead of the UN General Assembly annual session, nearly 50 world leaders and the United Nations on Monday raised concerns about the rising gap between rich and the poor, but disagreed with United States on the strategy to fight poverty.
New bid to end talks deadlock Northern Ireland Secretary Paul Murphy and Irish foreign minister Brian Cowen will chair talks involving unionists and nationalists at Stormont aimed at ending the stand-off over proposed changes to devolution.
Russian Parliament Proposes New Anti-Terror Law Russia #39;s parliament drafted proposals for an anti-terrorism law Monday, the day it began an inquiry into the Beslan school siege that killed more than 320 hostages, half of them children.
Around the world Two Hamas militants were killed when an explosion ripped through their vehicle in Gaza City on Monday in an Israeli air strike, the second in as many days.
Microsoft Mimics Local Radio (AP) AP - Fans of the Seattle music pop station Kiss 106.1 FM usually have to sit through an array of disc-jockey antics and advertising between listening to favorite artists like Avril Levigne and Ashlee Simpson.
British Hostage's Family Appeals to Blair to Save Him (Reuters) Reuters - The family of a British hostage\threatened with execution in Iraq made a desperate appeal to\Prime Minister Tony Blair on Tuesday to meet kidnappers'\demands and save his life.
UK Man Held Over Cisco Source Code Theft (Reuters) Reuters - Police said on Monday they have arrested\a 20-year-old British man on suspicion of stealing Cisco\Systems  source code, the basic instructions for the\machines that direct Internet traffic across the globe.
Sony's Smaller PS2 to Debut in U.S., Europe on Nov 1 (Reuters) Reuters - Japan's Sony Corp. said on Tuesday it\would launch a new version of its popular PlayStation 2 game\console in the United States and Europe on Nov. 1 at a price of\ #36;149 and 149 euros ( #36;181) respectively.
Twins Clinch; Angels Gain Ground (AP) AP - Torii Hunter and the Minnesota Twins are used to celebrating in September. The playoff party never gets old, though. The Twins clinched their third straight AL Central title Monday night with an 8-2 victory over the Chicago White Sox, then topped it off with a raucous celebration in the visitor's clubhouse.
AMD Opteron is reved up with PowerNow technology AMD said its Opteron processor will be bolstered by power management technology that will decrease overall power consumption and optimize performance in enterprise server systems.
Stop Misbehaving, Spacey Tells British Theatergoers (Reuters) Reuters - Hollywood star Kevin Spacey has lost his\patience with British theater audiences -- it's time to turn\off the mobile phones and stop rustling candy wrappers.
Enterprise Linux, Subscription Sales Power Strong Red Hat Quarter (TechWeb) TechWeb - Red Hat's Enterprise Linux operating-system and software subscription sales soared over the past three months, leading the company to strong revenue growth and profits for its fiscal 2005 second quarter.
IBM Expands Resources For ISVs As part of its ongoing effort to foster third-party application development for its hardware and software businesses, IBM on Monday unveiled resources in its Virtual Innovation Center aimed 
Lycos Withdraws Spam Screensaver The  quot;Make Love Not Spam quot; screensaver has been temporarily pulled while Lycos deals with hosting and management issues, according to a company spokesman.
Hackers are after your money, warns Symantec E-commerce has emerged as the  quot;single most targeted industry quot; according to the latest Internet Security Threat Report from security software provider Symantec, with hackers now appearing to be motivated by economic gain rather than notoriety.
Beating Ryder #39;s cramp The early, brutal assessments are in, and the US Ryder Cup team #39;s historic loss to Europe at Oakland Hills is being compared to the US Olympic basketball Dream Team #39;s flop in Greece.
FERDINAND: I WANT MY ENGLAND JOB BACK RIO FERDINAND finally returned to action last night, accepting responsibility for his eight-month ban and vowing not to turn his back on his country.
Yanks pin hopes on Brown return Kevin Brown learned yesterday during a visit with hand specialist Melvin Rosenwasser that he might have the two pins removed from his broken left hand Friday.
Haiti death toll in floods nears 600 GONAIVES, Haiti - The death toll from Tropical Storm Jeanne rose to 573 in Haiti last night as search crews recovered dozens of bodies carried away by flooding or buried by mud, officials said.
Khatami: Iran Will Pursue Nuclear Program TEHRAN, Iran Sept. 21, 2004 - President Mohammad Khatami said Tuesday that Iran will continue its suspect nuclear program even if that means an end to UN oversight.
Two  #39;collaborators #39; are killed JERUSALEM - Masked Palestinian gunmen killed a suspected collaborator in a public square in Tulkarem in the West Bank yesterday, throwing the bound man from their vehicle and shooting him before hundreds of schoolchildren and other onlookers, witnesses 
LI students win at top science competition A 40-minute schlep by rail and car separates the homes of science prizewinners Jessica Fields, 17, of Jericho, and Taylor Bernheim, 16, of Holliswood, Queens.
CBS to Name Panel to Exam Bush Guard Story (AP) AP - Within the next few days, CBS News expects to name an independent panel of experts to scrutinize its reporting of President Bush's National Guard service after its defenses for airing the explosive story crumbled.
Dollar Idles Ahead of Fed Rate Move  LONDON (Reuters) - The dollar held broadly steady against  major currencies on Tuesday as markets looked to the U.S.  Federal Reserve to raise interest rates later in the session  and signal the future pace of monetary tightening.
U.S. Researchers Invent Antenna for Light (Reuters) Reuters - Researchers said on Friday they have\invented an antenna that captures visible light in much the\same way that radio antennas capture radio waves.
Bill introduced in US Senate, seeking UN action on Myanmar (AFP) AFP - A resolution seeking UN Security Council action against Myanmar was introduced in the US Senate, accusing the Southeast Asian state's military rulers of brutally repressing ethnic minorities and using rape as a weapon of war.
European Stocks Subdued Ahead of Fed  LONDON (Reuters) - European shares opened weaker on  Tuesday, tracking a late dip on Wall Street as Colgate sparked  fresh earnings fears and on strong oil prices, but Tesco rose  after thumping first-half profit expectations.
Smartphone Users Offered Free Antivirus The software package from Trend Micro, which will be free through July 2005, protects against viruses and spam and needs regular updates.
Guerrero Beaned During Angels Game  ANAHEIM, Calif. (Sports Network) - Anaheim Angels  outfielder Vladimir Guerrero was drilled on the left side of  his head by a pitch from Mariners pitcher Ryan Franklin,  forcing him out of Monday's 5-2 win in the first inning.
Nestle Confirms Targets After Rivals Warn  ZURICH (Reuters) - Nestle confirmed its 2004 guidance on  Tuesday, a day after competitors Unilever and Colgate-Palmolive  cast doubts over the consumer goods industry's outlook by  issuing profit warnings.
Japan Shares Edge Down  TOKYO (Reuters) - Japanese shares fell at the start of a  holiday-shortened week on Tuesday as brokers and banks declined  on recent data indicating signs of an economic slowdown in some  key areas, offsetting gains in some chip-related stocks.
Ex-General Defeats Indonesia's Megawati, Test Awaits  JAKARTA (Reuters) - Former general Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono  has triumphed over incumbent Megawati Sukarnoputri in  Indonesia's first direct presidential vote, but now must  deliver promised tighter security, better government and more  jobs.
Dokic Dumped Out of China Open in First Round  BEIJING (Reuters) - Jelena Dokic ran true to the miserable  form she has shown this season, falling 6-3, 6-0 to Thailand's  Tamarine Tanasugarn in the first round of the China Open on  Tuesday.
Syrian Troops Start Redeploying Forces in Lebanon  BEIRUT (Reuters) - Syrian forces started redeploying from  the outskirts of Lebanon's capital Beirut toward the eastern  Syrian-Lebanese border on Tuesday, Lebanese officials said.
Don't marginalize the players TEMPE, Ariz. -- Sometimes how you win is as significant as whether you win. Sunday was not one of those days.
Tesco sees profits jump to 822m Supermarket giant Tesco sees first half profits jump 24.2 to 822m (\$1.47bn) and said its sales of non-food items continues to grow.
McPherson gives Angels a lift Dallas McPherson had three hits and an RBI in his first major league start last night, helping the Angels gain ground in the playoff race with a 5-2 victory over the Seattle Mariners in Anaheim, Calif.
Bengals win using Palmer method CINCINNATI -- The great ones are measured by what they do in the final minutes. So far, Carson Palmer is so-so.
Work to be done in time off FOXBOROUGH -- The Patriots pulled within one game of the NFL record for consecutive victories with a 23-12 win over the Cardinals Sunday, but coach Bill Belichick was not satisfied with the team's performance.
McNabb, Eagles soar past Vikings PHILADELPHIA -- Donovan McNabb didn't need much of Terrell Owens on last night. Daunte Culpepper could have used a lot more of Randy Moss.
Job was a royal headache Benfica and Real Madrid set the standard for soccer success in Europe in the late 1950s and early '60s. The clubs have evolved much differently, but both have struggled to reconcile the methods of the past with modern exigencies.
Creating some enthusiasm With each game Paul Peterson plays, and each game he wins, the comparisons to another playmaking Boston College quarterback -- some guy named Flutie -- seem inevitable.
NU names seven to Hall Record-setting quarterback Ralph Barone and women's hockey standout and current coach Laura Schuler head the list of seven inductees into the Northeastern Hall of Fame.
Murtagh a stickler for success Northeastern field hockey coach Cheryl Murtagh doesn't want the glare of the spotlight that shines on her to detract from a team that has been the America East champion for the past three years and has been to the NCAA tournament 13 times.
Where there's Awa there's a way Waltham's boys' soccer team is still unbeaten, and Richard Awa is still red-hot. On the strength of two goals by Awa, visiting Waltham earned a 3-3 tie with No. 2 Everett yesterday. Everett also remained unbeaten, while Waltham, coming off a subpar season, remained the surprise story of this campaign.
To stop a thief AOL, the nation's top Internet service provider, thinks it's found the ultimate weapon against password thieves -- a password that changes every minute. And while AOL is mainly interested in protecting its own customers, it's also building the foundation of a system that could shield millions of others who do business online.
Sharia 'used in Nigeria politics' Governors in north Nigeria introduced the criminal aspect of Islamic law for political gain, say human rights activists.
A quiet top gun Ever hear of Ed Owens? I doubt it. Owens is one of the more publicity-shy executives at Wellington Management Co., itself one of the most publicity-averse investment firms in Boston. That's one reason Owens is the city's best mutual fund manager you probably don't know.
Progress on class-action suits slow and uneven Efforts to settle the numerous class-action lawsuits filed against Putnam Investments, MFS Investment Management, and other mutual fund companies for their role in the market-timing scandals are moving at an uneven pace, and any deal that may be worked out is likely months away, principals involved in the case said.
Fed expected to raise rates  WASHINGTON -- The Federal Reserve, wanting to keep inflation at bay, is expected to boost short-term interest rates for a third time this year today, a move that would come in the final stretch of the presidential campaign.
Delta, pilots OK tentative accord  ATLANTA -- Delta Air Lines' pilots union agreed yesterday to allow the struggling carrier to bring pilots out of retirement on a limited basis to deal with staff shortages that threaten to ground flights.
Oil prices up on Yukos woes NEW YORK -- Oil prices broke above \$46 yesterday after Russian oil giant Yukos said it would cut some oil shipments to China, the first toll on exports from the company's financial turmoil.
Hundreds rally for peace in Nepal Several hundred people come out in Kathmandu to press for an end to the country's long-running civil war.
Court asked to delay fund director rule  WASHINGTON -- The US Chamber of Commerce filed an emergency motion yesterday seeking a court order to block the Securities and Exchange Commission from requiring that 75 percent of mutual fund directors, including the chairman, be independent of the fund company.
Rogers Wireless to buy Canadian rival Microcell NEW YORK -- Rogers Wireless Communications Inc. said yesterday it has agreed to acquire rival Canadian cellphone carrier Microcell Telecommunications Inc. , which had been fending off a hostile suitor.
Billy Joel in Walk of Fame honour Pianist, singer and composer Billy Joel is awarded a star on Hollywood's famous Walk of Fame.
Death count climbs to 622 in storm-devastated Haiti GONAIVES, Haiti -- The death toll from a tropical storm that devastated parts of Haiti rose to 622 late yesterday as search crews recovered hundreds of bodies carried away by raging weekend floods or buried by mud or the ruins of their homes, officials said.
Indonesia leader seen ousted in landslide JAKARTA, Indonesia -- Indonesian voters, frustrated by pervasive corruption and economic malaise, ousted President Megawati Sukarnoputri in a runoff election yesterday, awarding her former chief security minister a landslide victory, according to a projection by a local research institute.
Treasuries Creep Up on Rate Prospects  CHICAGO (Reuters) - U.S. Treasury prices rose on Monday in  subdued trading, extending Friday's rally as dealers  anticipated slower official rate hikes in 2005 following slack  November payrolls growth.
US presses Syria to stabilize porous border with Iraq DAMASCUS, Syria-- The dire security conditions in Iraq have overshadowed many of the Bush administration's diplomatic priorities in Syria, prompting US officials to focus their efforts here on enlisting the government's help in stabilizing the country's eastern border with Iraq.
Terror effort seen focused on Baghdad BAGHDAD -- An insurgency led by Al Qaeda affiliate Abu Musab al-Zarqawi has made the Iraqi capital its main battleground, perhaps in the hopes of swaying the outcome of US elections, a senior Western official said.
The Little Website that Couldn't There once was a boy who for no apparent reason went around knifing his classmates. This boy's parents took him to nearly every mental health professional with no success... until one day a famous hypnotist came to town. There was a long line to speak to him, and as they waited medical doctors hovered around them trying to convince them it was all quackery.  But the parents, figuring they had nothing to lose, continued standing in line with their disturbed son.  At long last they told the doctor about their son's twisted history, and after a long pause the doctor looked the boy square in the eye and said,  "My, won't you be surprised when you never do anything like this again."
Bush Emphasizes Humanitarian Issues at UN NEW YORK - President Bush, trying to soften his image overseas as a heavy-handed unilateralist, is using his annual address to the United Nations to offer up a brighter vision of a planet with less hunger, disease and oppression.    Exactly six weeks before Election Day, Bush is equally concerned about his audience at home...
Tape drives are fast enough, says Quantum Rules out LTO as it begins the hunt for DLT's fatter successor
Slimmer PlayStation launched Sony has announced a slimmed-down PlayStation 2 in an attempt to boost sales of the console.
Sony's Smaller PS2 to Debut in U.S., Europe on Nov 1  TOKYO (Reuters) - Japan's Sony Corp. said on Tuesday it  would launch a new version of its popular PlayStation 2 game  console in the United States and Europe on Nov. 1 at a price of  \$149 and 149 euros (\$181) respectively.
AFC: Winslow leads Browns #39; injury woes Kellen Winslow #39;s hyped rookie season might be over after it barely began - much like a promising season for the Cleveland Browns.
Jets hope to wave bye to some injuries There #39;s still no official prognosis but it appears the Jets might not have to find out what life is like without All-Pro center Kevin Mawae, perhaps their second most vital offensive cog behind quarterback Chad Pennington.
No Timeframe Set For Kashmir Solution: Musharraf New York, Sept. 21 (NNN): Pakistan President General Pervez Musharraf has said he has not asked India to give a specific timeframe for solution to the long-pending Kashmir tangle.
World bank chief backs Putin shake-up plans -WSJ World Bank head James Wolfensohn has backed Russian President Vladimir Putin #39;s political shake-up criticised by many Western nations as limiting democracy, the Wall Street Journal reported on Tuesday.
M amp;S sales slump continues Marks  amp; Spencer says its sales are continuing to slide, for which it blames a poor performance for its summer clothing lines and homeware products that are too contemporary for its customers.
Wikipedia Hits Million-Entry Mark Sir Homer writes  quot;The Wikimedia Foundation announced today the creation of the one millionth article in Wikipedia. Started in January 2001, Wikipedia is currently both the world #39;s largest encyclopedia and 
Nokia Expands Functionality and Security of SSL VPN Offering NEW YORK, September 20, 2004 - Nokia (NYSE:NOK) today announced the expanded security and functionality of Nokia Secure Access System, the companys virtual private network (VPN) solution leveraging ubiquitous Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology.
AOL Opens AIM to Bot Makers America Online has formally opened up its AIM instant messaging network to bot-makers with the launch of a pay-per-use AIM Bot Program targeting enterprise customers.
PRESS BOX VIEW - THE SUN Manchester Uniteds 30million central defender returned from an eight-month ban for missing a drug test and looked like he had never been away.
Twins make it official While most of his players quietly shuffled into the clubhouse, White Sox manager Ozzie Guillen remained in the dugout Monday night and watched the rival Twins celebrate.
Iran Won #39;t Halt Nuclear Program, May Suspend UN Inspections Iranian President Mohammad Khatami vowed to continue the country #39;s uranium-enrichment program and threatened to suspend United Nations nuclear inspections as the US pushes for economic sanctions against Iran.
Colombian Far-Right Leader Gunned Down-Police A far-right Colombian warlord participating in peace talks with the government was shot dead by his own men, police said on Monday, in another bloody incident that could undermine the negotiations.
Iran Defies UN, Says Will Go on Converting Uranium (Reuters) Reuters - Iran defied the United Nations on\Tuesday by announcing it would go on converting a large amount\of raw uranium to prepare it for enrichment, a process that can\be used to develop atomic bombs.
Cubs Split Doubleheader With Marlins (AP) AP - The Cubs had only Monday available to play their makeup doubleheader against Florida, and as it turned out, the weather was great. But to Dusty Baker's dismay, David Weathers was pretty good, too. The journeyman right-hander, making his first start in six years, limited Chicago to two hits and one run in five innings, and the Marlins won the second game 5-2 to earn a split.
Nintendo's New Handheld Machine to Debut (AP) AP - Nintendo Co. said Tuesday it will release its new "dual screen" portable game machine in North America on Nov. 21 and in Japan 10 days later.
Chain Store Sales Fell 1.1 Percent (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. chain store sales fell in the\latest week mostly because the imperfect nature of adjusting\for seasonality more so than consumers lack of shopping, a\report said on Tuesday.
Eyeing Iran Reactors, Israel Seeks U.S. Bunker Bombs (Reuters) Reuters - The United States plans to sell\Israel  #36;319 million worth of air-launched bombs, including 500\"bunker busters" able to penetrate Iran's underground nuclear\facilities, Israeli security sources said on Tuesday.
Microsoft Board Cut in Size as a Director Retires (Reuters) Reuters - Microsoft Corp.  said on\Monday that William Reed, one of the company's longest-serving\directors, had decided to retire and would not be replaced,\reducing the size of the company's board from 10 members to\nine.
Spanish Bank BBVA to Buy Laredo National (AP) AP - BBVA, Spain's second-largest bank, said Tuesday it has agreed to buy Texas-based Laredo National Bancshares for  #36;850 million in cash as part of a strategy to gain a greater share of the U.S. Hispanic market.
German Court Nixes Lawsuit Against Google (AP) AP - A state court in Hamburg on Tuesday rejected a German company's lawsuit against Google Inc. over allegations the Internet search engine allows rival companies to buy ads using trademarked terms, an attorney said Tuesday.
Nintendo, Sony Square Off in Handheld Game Market (Reuters) Reuters - Japan's Nintendo Co. Ltd. struck the\first blow in what is set to be an all-out war with Sony Corp.\for the lucrative handheld game console market, aggressively\pricing its new dual-screen model at  #36;149.99 and setting its\U.S. launch date for Nov. 21.
Guerrero Beaned During Angels Game (Reuters) Reuters - Anaheim Angels\outfielder Vladimir Guerrero was drilled on the left side of\his head by a pitch from Mariners pitcher Ryan Franklin,\forcing him out of Monday's 5-2 win in the first inning.
RadioShack, Sprint in Mall Kiosk Venture (Reuters) Reuters - RadioShack Corp. , the No. 3\U.S. electronics chain, on Tuesday said it has signed a deal\with Sprint Corp.  to open wireless kiosks at malls\nationwide.
Firm Halts Iraq Work to Save 10 Hostages (AP) AP - A Turkish construction company said Tuesday it was halting operations in neighboring Iraq to try to save the lives of 10 employees kidnapped by militants.
Copyright Battle Erups over Open-Source 'Mambo' Code (Ziff Davis) Ziff Davis - An online publishing company is arguing that it owns the code behind the open-source Mambo content management system and says it is prepared to pursue the matter in court.
U.S. Rates Seen Rising Despite Concerns  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Federal Reserve policy-makers  gathered on Tuesday, with the expectation they will lift U.S.  interest rates for a third time this year despite lingering  signs of economic stress.
Sun tries to woo Wall St. firms (SiliconValley.com) SiliconValley.com - Sun Microsystems made some of its first sales in the early 1980s selling workstations to Wall Street. Now the struggling Santa Clara computer maker is returning to its roots with a campaign to win back some of its former financial-industry customers.
Tenn. Lab Develops Electron Microscope (AP) AP - Oak Ridge National Laboratory researchers are peering into the atomic world with record clarity, developing an electron microscope image that can distinguish the individual, dumbbell-shaped atoms of a silicon crystal.
Housing Starts Rise Unexpectedly  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. housing starts unexpectedly  rose 0.6 percent in August to their highest level in five  months as low mortgage rates encouraged construction, but  permits fell more than anticipated, a government report showed  on Tuesday.
Thai Scientists Begin Probe in Big Orangutan Case (Reuters) Reuters - Thai scientists began an investigation\Monday into what some conservationists believe could be the\world's biggest case of ape smuggling -- nearly 100 orangutan\found in a Bangkok amusement park.
Oil Holds Above \$46 Supply Worries Linger  LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices held firm on Tuesday as China  showed no let-up in its strong import growth and U.S. Gulf  producers reported damage to offshore rigs from Hurricane Ivan.
Monty, Ryder Cup Teammates to Play Links Championship  LONDON (Reuters) - Ryder Cup hero Colin Montgomerie will  lead a clutch of his victorious European team mates into a  links championship in Scotland next month, organizers said on  Tuesday.
General Mills Profit Drops as Costs Rise  CHICAGO (Reuters) - General Mills Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=GIS.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;GIS.N&lt;/A&gt; on Tuesday  reported a steeper fall in quarterly earnings than Wall Street  had expected due to higher costs of key food ingredients and  promotional spending.
Death Toll Nears 700 from Haiti Flooding  PORT-AU-PRINCE, Haiti (Reuters) - The death toll in Haiti  from flooding and mudslides triggered by Tropical Storm Jeanne  rose above 660 on Tuesday and government officials were still  struggling to reach areas cut off by flood waters.
Deadline Looms for American, British Captives in Iraq  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Militants who beheaded an American  hostage in Iraq said they would kill another U.S. captive and a  Briton on Tuesday if their demands were not met.
FDA Grants Fast Review of P G Sex Drug  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Procter   Gamble Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=PG.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;PG.N&lt;/A&gt; said on  Tuesday U.S. regulators have granted priority review for its  experimental drug to treat reduced sex drive in women with  menopause triggered by surgery.
Syria Starts Redeploying Forces in Lebanon  BEIRUT (Reuters) - Syria began redeploying around 3,000  troops from the outskirts of Beirut toward the eastern  Syrian-Lebanese border on Tuesday in an apparent attempt to  ease U.S.-led international pressure over its influence on  Lebanon.
Dokic Dumped Out of China Open in First Round  BEIJING (Reuters) - Jelena Dokic ran true to the miserable  form she has shown this season, falling 6-3, 6-0 to Thailand's  Tamarine Tanasugarn in the first round of the China Open  Tuesday.
General Strike Paralyzes Israel  JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israel's labor unions staged a  nationwide general strike on Tuesday, grounding all  international air traffic, paralyzing financial markets and  public services and even preventing burial of the dead.
Who Next? Ukraine's Opposition Leader Fears Murder  KIEV (Reuters) - Ukraine's main opposition leader and  presidential hopeful Viktor Yushchenko on Tuesday warned  politicians their lives could be in danger from a murderous  leadership bent on election victory.
US Fed 'set for third rate rise' Economists are betting that the US Federal Reserve will raise interest rates to 1.75 on Tuesday, the third rise this year.
Israel strike cripples business About 400,000 public sector workers are on strike in Israel,  crippling business around the country.
Call to legalise file-sharing with taxes The record industry must radically re-think the way it tackles pop swapping, a music conference is told.
Sony shrinks PlayStation console Sony has announced a slimmed-down PlayStation 2 in an attempt to boost sales of the console.
Australia builder in asbestos row Australian building group James Hardie Industries misled the public when it said it had set aside enough money to meet asbestos compensation claims.
'Killers' guarding Sudan refugees Arab militias responsible for atrocities in Sudan's Darfur region now guard camps for the displaced, refugees say.
Fears grow for hostages in Iraq Fears grow for two Western hostages in Iraq following the beheading of their fellow captive.
Mauritania 'on brink of famine' Mauritania repeats its call for urgent aid to combat the largest locust plague to hit the region in over 20 years.
Over a million Bosnians back home The UN says more than a million displaced Bosnians have now returned home - but major obstacles remain.
Housing Starts Increased 0.6 Percent Housing construction in August surged to its highest level in five months, a dose of encouraging news for the economy's expansion.
Fed Is Expected to Raise Rates Again Although economists have mixed opinions whether the economy has emerged, most believe it is in good enough shape for the Fed to boost rates.
In Presidential Debates, a Duel of Wits and Styles If they resemble past debates, the impact this year will go well beyond a mere judgment of who won and who lost.
Even Humbled by Error, Dan Rather Has His Thorns Dan Rather offered an apology for a report on President Bush's service, but not a personal accounting.
Iran Defies Demand of Nuke Watchdog Agency VIENNA, Austria - Defying a key demand set by 35 nations, Iran announced Tuesday it has started converting raw uranium into the gas needed for enrichment, a process that can be used to make nuclear weapons.    Iran's president, Mohammad Khatami, vowed his country will press ahead with its nuclear program - which he insisted is peaceful - even if it means a rupture with the U.N...
Bush's Address to U.N. Seeks Cooperation NEW YORK - President Bush, trying to soften his image overseas as a heavy-handed unilateralist, is using his annual address to the United Nations to offer up a brighter vision of a planet with less hunger, disease and oppression.    Exactly six weeks before Election Day, Bush is equally concerned about his audience at home...
Stocks Higher; Investors Await Fed NEW YORK - Strong earnings from financial services companies and upbeat economic data pushed stocks higher Tuesday, but many investors clung to the sidelines ahead of the Federal Reserve's decision on interest rates, expected later in the session.    In morning trading, the Dow Jones industrial average was up 7.52, or 0.1 percent, at 10,212.41...
Storm Floods Kill More Than 600 in Haiti GONAIVES, Haiti - Rescuers dug through mud and ruined homes for bodies Tuesday, expecting the death toll of more than 600 from Tropical Storm Jeanne to rise even further, with half the crowded northern city of Gonaives still under water from the weekend's devastating winds and rain.    Gonaives was hardest hit in the latest tragedy to beset Haiti in a year of revolts, military interventions and devastating floods...
Investors Await Fed Move on Rates NEW YORK - Stocks are seen heading higher at the open Tuesday as investors remain relatively upbeat ahead of the latest Federal Open Market Committee meeting.    Dow Jones futures rose 28 points recently, while Nasdaq futures were up 7 points and S P futures climbed 3.90 points...
Fed Is Expected to Boost Rates Again WASHINGTON - Federal Reserve policy-makers are expected to raise short-term interest rates for a third time this year, part of a gradual process to wean the economy from ultralow rates, which are no longer needed as a bracing tonic.    Although private economists have mixed opinions whether the economy still is working through its late-spring blues or has emerged, most believe the economy is in good enough shape for the Fed to boost rates again...
Khatami: Iran Will Pursue Nuclear Program TEHRAN, Iran - President Mohammad Khatami said Tuesday that Iran will continue a nuclear program some suspect is aimed at developing weapons, even if that means an end to U.N. oversight...
Iraq Hostages' Kin Appeal for Their Lives BAGHDAD, Iraq - Family members of an American and a Briton held by kidnappers in Iraq appealed for their lives after a grisly video posted on the Internet purportedly showed militants beheading U.S. civil engineer Eugene Armstrong and threatening to kill another hostage in 24 hours...
Alitalia #39;s survival fight goes on The EU has welcomed the approval of a rescue plan for Italy #39;s Alitalia, but shares in the loss-making airline have fallen as union and competitor 
Starwood taps former Coke exec as CEO Steven Heyer, former president of Coca-Cola (KO) who left after being denied the chief executive slot in May, will take the helm of Starwood Hotels  amp; Resorts Worldwide (HOT), the company said Tuesday.
M amp;S launches share buyback Marks  amp; Spencer, whose sales have dropped for the fourth straight quarter, has priced a 2.3 billion pound share buyback offer in a 332-380 pence per share range.
Handheld battle begins Japan #39;s Nintendo has struck the first blow in what is set to be an all-out war with Sony for the lucrative handheld game console market, aggressively pricing its new dual 
Lehman Brothers #39; Profit Up 5.2 Percent NEW YORK Sept. 21, 2004 - Financial services firm Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc. #39;s third-quarter profit rose 5.2 percent, beating analysts #39; expectations, but its earnings per share fell by 10 cents from a 
GM grass pollen has long reach Pollen from a genetically modified grass has been shown to travel up to 21km away from the site where it was orginally planted. This may be the longest recorded distance travelled by any GM pollen, US researchers have claimed.
SEC eyes action against AIG Dow component AIG says SEC staff may recommend action against it related to past transactions. NEW YORK (CNN/Money) - Insurer American International Group Inc.
Get the lowdown on FreeBSD &lt;strong&gt;Site Offer&lt;/strong&gt; 30 off this and other open source titles
AMD mobile Athlon 64 targets Intel Pentium-M AMD has fleshed out its mobile chip catalogue this week by shipping the Mobile AMD Athlon 64 3000 processor. It joins a range of mobile models, from 2800 to 3400, but is the first to be built using 90nm technology.
New data strengthen Mars life evidence US scientists have found new data showing patterns of water and methane on Mars could improve the chances life once existed there.
TrueSecure to merge with New York company Herndon-based information technology security company TrueSecure is merging with New York-based Betrusted Holdings, creating what the companies say is the largest privately held IT security company with \$160 million in annual revenue.
Contract award for Jupiter probe The US space agency Nasa has awarded military and space contractor Northrop Grumman a \$400m contract to co-design its Jimo space probe to Jupiter.
Four Southern Californians charged in counterfeit software case Four Southern California residents pleaded innocent to conspiring to distribute more than \$30 million in counterfeit computer software and products, authorities said.
Copyright Battle Erups over Open-Source  #39;Mambo #39; Code Brian Connolly, president of Furthermore Inc., an online publishing venture and a division of the Literati Group, has issued a letter to the open-source community that contends that his company owns the code behind Mambo Open Source.
UK Police arrest Cisco hack suspect UK Police have arrested a 20-year old man in Preston on suspicion of stealing source code from Cisco Systems. The arrest under violation of the Computer Misuse Act 1990, follows Cisco #39;s admission in May that 
Nokia bolsters SSL VPN security Nokia has boosted the security and functionality of its Secure Access System Secure Socket Layer virtual private network (VPN) platform.
Firefox bites back With a million downloads in 10 hours, the Firefox browser has kicked off a brand new round in a very old conflict. Six years ago, Microsoft won the browser wars against Netscape -- the distant forefather of 
Revenge of the grunts -- Star Wars game puts little guys at the &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; When you first pick up Star Wars: Battlefront, if you #39;re a seasoned gamer, it will be hard to get a three-word description out of your head.
ATi presenta la ALL-IN-WONDER X600 PRO ATi presenta la scheda PCI Express ALL-IN-WONDER X600 PRO. La scheda sar disponibile il prossimo mese in Europa e Nord America ed  adatta a chi vuole fare del computer una piattaforma multimediale e non solo adatta agli ultimi games in commercio.
JBOSS Releases Application Server 4.0 This middleware offering is touted as the first open source application server to achieve compatibility certification for the Java 2 Platform Enterprise Edition (J2EE) version 1.4 by passing the 23,000 tests of the test compatibility kit.
Atari announces first 64-bit game AMD and Atari today announced the availability of what the firms call the first 64-bit game named  quot;Shadow Ops: Red Mercury. quot; AMD did not participate in the development, but 
Giggs joins elite 600 club Ryan Giggs joined an elite band of Manchester United players in chalking up his 600th appearance for the club. Giggs, 30, joined Sir Bobby Charlton (759) and Bill Foulkes (688) among United players to pass the landmark in the 2-1 defeat of Liverpool.
Maradona in Havana for drug treatment: Sports India Havana, Sep 21 : Argentine football legend Diego Maradona will be admitted to the Mental Health Centre hospital in Cuba for treatment of his cocaine addiction.
Top dollar for Pele #39;s shirt London - The No 10 shirt worn by Pele during the 1958 World Cup final was sold for 70 050 (about R808 000) to a private buyer, auction house Christie #39;s said on Tuesday.
Tour cancel threat CRICKET Australia has threatened to cancel next month #39;s tour of India as tension over the television rights wrangle on the subcontinent escalates.
Chacin #39;s debut a gem NEW YORKA journey from the sandlots of Venezuela to baseball #39;s biggest stage was something Blue Jays pitcher Gustavo Chacin pulled off with the help of a friend.
Giants brace for wild-card battle After last year #39;s stunning NL Division Series loss to the Marlins, one of the major knocks on the Giants was their relative lack of speed and their inability to put pressure on the opposing team.
EUROPEAN VIEW: Here is why the US loses John Huggan, who lives in Dunbar, Scotland, covers golf for the Scotland on Sunday newspaper and Golf Digest. He has provided the European view in the Free Press each day during the Ryder Cup matches.
Tanasugarn extends Dokic #39;s misery Jelena Dokic #39;s miserable form continued as she lost 6-3 6-0 to Thailand #39;s Tamarine Tanasugarn in the first round of the China Open in Beijing.
Coaches want Irish to take the fourth In recent years for Notre Dame, any victory over Michigan State has been cause for a celebration. But the Irish coaching staff wasn #39;t pleased with the fourth quarter.
Shadow Of Iraq Hangs Over UN Meet UNITED NATIONS (AFP) - US President George W. Bush and UN Secretary General Kofi Annan were set to trade barbs on the opening day of the two-week session of the UN General Assembly, with the aftershocks of the Iraq war still at the top of the 
Turkish parliament may reconvene Turkey #39;s main opposition party has called for the swift recall of parliament to approve key reforms demanded by the European Union and says any further delay could imperil Ankara #39;s bid to open EU entry talks.
Syria Withdrawing Military From Lebanon Syria, under growing international pressure to end its longtime military presence in Lebanon, began pulling back more than 1,000 of its 20,000 troops on Tuesday, a senior Lebanese military official said.
Rwandan priest boycotts genocide trial proceedings A Roman Catholic priest charged with directing the killing of 2,000 of his parishioners inthe 1994 Rwandan genocide has boycotted the trial proceedings by the United 
Thai campaign targets animal lovers A US conservation group has launched an advertising campaign to persuade Thais to report traders in protected wildlife. In a series of television commercials, famous models, actors and other 
Japan troops may remain in Iraq The troops, who are doing humanitarian work, were due to leave by 14 December. But the deadline may be extended, according to a government spokesman.
Colombian militia leader dead Bogota, Colombia - The leader of a paramilitary faction involved in peace talks with the government may be among five paramilitary members killed in an ambush on Monday, authorities said.
Blue Chips Fall on Oil, Apple Lifts Techs  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. blue-chip stocks fell on Monday  as oil prices nudged higher and as drug maker Pfizer Inc.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=PFE.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;PFE.N&lt;/A&gt; and aluminum producer Alcoa Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=AA.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;AA.N&lt;/A&gt; were hit by  broker downgrades.
Star Wars DVDs break sales record The DVDs of the original Star Wars trilogy break a UK sales record after one day of release.
Nintendo, Sony Square Off in Handheld Game Market  TOKYO (Reuters) - Japan's Nintendo Co. Ltd. struck the  first blow in what is set to be an all-out war with Sony Corp.  for the lucrative handheld game console market, aggressively  pricing its new dual-screen model at \$149.99 and setting its  U.S. launch date for Nov. 21.
Michelin Unveils Airless Tire for 10 Years On  PARIS (Reuters) - Europe's biggest tire maker Michelin  unveiled an airless tire on Tuesday designed to weather tough  road conditions in fast-growing countries like China and India.
Gaming Godzillas Prepare for Battle Let the games begin. Not the Olympics again, but the all-out battle between Japanese video game giants Sony and Nintendo over their new gaming consoles. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-washingtonpost.com&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
AOL Moves Beyond Passwords for Log-Ons Passwords alone won't be enough to get onto America Online under a new, optional log-on service that makes AOL the first major U.S. online business to offer customers a second layer of security.
Microsoft Mimics Local Radio Fans of the Seattle music pop station Kiss 106.1 FM usually have to sit through an array of disc-jockey antics and advertising between listening to favorite artists like Avril Levigne and Ashlee Simpson.
Ask Jeeves Hoping to Outshine Google Hoping to emerge from the shadow of its more popular rivals, Ask Jeeves Inc. is adding new tools for visitors to save and organize links to Web pages they find through the company's online search engine.
Light relay 'should be dropped' A leading astronomy group in the US voices opposition to a global 'light relay' planned for next year.
GM grass pollen has long reach Pollen from a genetically modified grass can travel up to 21km away from its experimental planting site.
High Carb Heaven in Outer Space From 26,000 light-years-- near the center of our galaxy-- comes a radio signal that can be interpreted as a cloud of sugar molecules, one key component of what might have assisted the development of life if transported on primordial comets.    Astrobiology Magazine -- Astronomers using the National Science Foundation's giant Robert C...
Swift Sees the Light NASA -- If we were able to see Gamma-Ray Bursts (GRBs) with the naked eye, they would look as though the universe were taking daily flash photos of us from different parts of the sky.    Never occurring in the same spot twice, GRBs are totally unpredictable...
More Clues to Present Life on Mars Recent analyses of ESAs Mars Express data reveal that concentrations of water vapour and methane in the atmosphere of Mars significantly overlap. This result provides important new hints to evaluate the hypothesis of present life on the Red Planet.
Changes Sought to Reduce Salmonella in Eggs By DIEDTRA HENDERSON    WASHINGTON (AP) -- The Food and Drug Administration on Monday recommended changes aimed at reducing by one-third the salmonella infections caused each year by tainted eggs.    The agency estimates that 118,000 people each year are sickened by eating improperly cooked eggs contaminated with salmonella...
Doctors Need More Medical Devices for Babies Frustrated doctors say they too often find themselves jury-rigging adult medical devices to fit children's tiny bodies and special needs. Now pediatric experts have begun a major push to fill the gap.
New Microscope Can See Individual Atoms By DUNCAN MANSFIELD    OAK RIDGE, Tenn. (AP) -- Oak Ridge National Laboratory researchers are peering into the atomic world with record clarity, developing an electron microscope image that can distinguish the individual, dumbbell-shaped atoms of silicon in a crystal...
Fixing a busted IT research system James Foley, chairman of the Computing Research Association, says major trouble stalks the nation's technology education pipeline.
VeriSign launches authentication tools Company introduces its unified network identification system and strengthens its ties to Microsoft with a similar package tailored for Windows.
Ford revs up Internet phones The auto giant is planning one of the largest VoIP installations to date by any corporation.
Texas Instruments is unconvinced WiMax will replace DSL Despite all of the hype surrounding WiMax, chip maker Texas Instruments Inc. remains unconvinced the technology will revolutionize the way that broadband Internet services are delivered to homes and offices, according to a company executive.
HP forms new blade group Hewlett-Packard Co. (HP) announced on Monday that it has formed a new division within its Enterprise Storage and Servers Group chartered with unifying the company's blade system development efforts.
Microsoft CFO: Expect us to make more big acquisitions PALO ALTO, Calif. --Microsoft Corp. may make more large acquisitions than it has done historically and become a more distributed company as opposed to moving key employees to its Redmond, Washington, headquarters, Chief Financial Officer John Connors said Monday.
Ask Jeeves revamps search engine Ask Jeeves Inc. has made three significant enhancements to its search engine, as the Emeryville, California company continues to take aim at its much larger competitors in the search space: Google Inc., Microsoft Corp., America Online Inc. and Yahoo Inc.
AOL, RSA, VeriSign push authentication services Responding to a scourge of online fraud and identity theft that threatens to undermine public confidence in Internet commerce, major companies are rolling out new services to encourage the adoption of better technology to identify customers, business partners, and employees online.
Firm fears growth has had its chips ANNUAL growth in global semiconductor sales will probably fall by half in 2005 and memory chip sales growth could collapse as a supply glut saps prices, Samsung Electronics has warned.
Eisner rules out taking job on Disney board LOS ANGELES Michael Eisner, the chief executive of Walt Disney, has said that he does not plan to remain on the board or become chairman when he retires in two years.
Delta, union in tentative deal over early retirements The Air Line Pilots Association (ALPA) and Delta Air Lines Inc. have a tentative agreement to stave off an expected wave of early retirements by Delta pilots.
AOL offers extra security for a price It #39;s another level of security for America Online - but users will have to pay extra for it. AOL is offering a optional log-on service that will require more than just a password to get onto the service.
Grass study adds to worry on genes NEW YORK A new study shows that genes from genetically engineered grass can spread much farther than previously known, a finding that raises questions about the straying of other plants altered through biotechnology.
New Clue to Life on Mars Concentrations of water vapor and methane gas in certain regions of the red planet strengthen speculation that Mars could be a haven for microbial life.
Four Southern Californians charged in counterfeit software case LOS ANGELES -- Four Southern California residents pleaded innocent to conspiring to distribute more than \$30 million in counterfeit computer software and products, authorities said.
Opera Mobile reaches 1 million direct downloads Opera Software has announced that over 1 million copies of its Opera Mobile web browser for Symbian OS have been downloaded from the company #39;s direct download site 
Mozilla FireFox Preview Reachs 1 Million Download Mark The Mozilla Foundation announced yesterday there have been over one million downloads of Firefox Preview Release in less than 100 hours, after being made available on the Internet last Tuesday.
Atari offers first game to support Athlon 64-bit extensions The Athlon 64 has its first game specifically tuned for the chip. Courtesy of games legend Atari, the first person shooter, Shadow Ops: Red Mercury, contains 64-bit enhancements which apparently gives  #39;a richer and more immersive gaming experience #39;.
Fulham without banned pair Andrew Cole and Papa Bouba Diop will begin their three-match suspensions when Fulham face Boston at York Street on Wednesday night, following their dismissals against West Bromwich Albion on Saturday.
MLB: Anaheim 5, Seattle 2 Anaheim gained ground in the American League West and the wild card race with a 5-2 win over Seattle Monday. The Angels are now 2 1/2 games behind first-place Oakland and 4 1/2 behind wild card leader Boston.
Golf doesn #39;t need a buddy system Let me get this straight. We lost the Ryder Cup because we didn #39;t hug enough? We lost because we didn #39;t laugh enough? We lost because there wasn #39;t enough charisma among the American players, because 
Wedge hammers home importance of last games Manager Eric Wedge wanted to hear the sound of hammer on rock Monday night at Comerica Park. He wanted to know that the Indians #39; offense was making little ones out of big ones again.
UPDATE 1-Dokic dumped out of China Open in first round Jelena Dokic ran true to the miserable form she has shown this season, falling 6-3 6-0 to Thailand #39;s Tamarine Tanasugarn in the first round of the China Open on Tuesday.
America #39;s Lack of  #39;Spirit Fingers #39; Team USA failed miserably in the team performances of the Ryder Cup golf tournament this weekend. For those of you unfamiliar with golf, the Ryder Cup is the Davis Cup of golf, where the US takes on Europe in a series of different match-types.
Smith won #39;t tolerate finger-pointing among teammates At first glance, it seems like an odd approach. Upon closer inspection, however, Michigan State may not have any other choice. The Spartans will use their disappointing 1-2 
Bush to address UN assembly World leaders gathered at the United Nations on Tuesday to confront an agenda dominated by new terrorist threats, a humanitarian disaster in Sudan, turmoil in Iraq 
Ask Jeeves Planning to Outshine Google Hoping to emerge from the shadow of its more popular rivals, Ask Jeeves Inc. (ASKJ) is adding new tools for visitors to save and organize links to Web pages they find through the company's online search engine.
AOL Moves Beyond Passwords for Web Log-Ons By ANICK JESDANUN    NEW YORK (AP) -- Passwords alone won't be enough to get onto America Online under a new, optional log-on service that makes AOL the first major U.S. online business to offer customers a second layer of security...
Microsoft Mimics Local Radio Stations As part of its much-touted new MSN Music offering, Microsoft Corp. (MSFT) is testing a Web-based radio service that mimics nearly 1,000 local radio stations, allowing users to hear a version of their favorite radio station with far fewer interruptions.
E-Courtrooms Designed to Reduce Trial Time COLUMBIA, S.C. (AP) -- Every word spoken in the courtroom where Branden Basham is on trial for his life appears immediately before U.S...
Latest Google Hiring Point to Browser Plans Latest Google Hiring Point to Browser Plans\\We discussed few days ago that Google might be planning to develop its own Browser and signs are becoming clearer than ever. Just reported in many online papers, Google has done some high profile hiring in the recent days. 4 people who worked on ...
Topix Delivering Local News Search to Ask Jeeves Topix Delivering Local News Search to Ask Jeeves\\Topix.net today announced that it has been selected by Ask Jeeves, Inc. to provide news to Ask Jeeves for its Local News channel. Through this partnership, Ask Jeeves becomes the first major search engine to feature Topix.net's news technology.\\Topix.net provides visitors to Ask ...
Google Lawsuit Thrown Out of German Court Google Lawsuit Thrown Out of German Court\\A Hamburg court rejected Metaspinner Media 's lawsuit against Google over allegations the Internet search engine allows rival companies to buy ads using trademarked terms, an attorney said Tuesday.\\The AP Wires report that Metaspinner Media took Google Deutschland to court in May, accusing it ...
Hamilton Cycling Team Told He Failed Tests (AP) AP - Olympic time-trial cycling champion Tyler Hamilton of the United States has apparently failed tests designed to detect a form of performance-enhancing blood transfusions.
Syria Begins Pulling Troops From Lebanon (AP) AP - Syria, under growing international pressure to end its longtime military presence in Lebanon, began pulling back more than 1,000 of its 20,000 troops on Tuesday, a senior Lebanese military official said.
Gaming Godzillas Prepare for Battle (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - Let the games begin. Not the Olympics again, but the all-out battle between video game giants Sony Corp. and Nintendo Co. Ltd. The two Japanese companies are rolling out new gaming consoles, but Nintendo has beaten Sony to the punch by announcing an earlier launch date for its new hand-held game player.
How bad is it? (U.S. News   World Report) U.S. News   World Report - Throughout the presidential campaign, the Republicans have shown remarkable discipline in their public messages--but the deteriorating situation in Iraq is testing some of that unity. The strain was evident at a Senate hearing last week where Nebraska Republican Chuck Hagel unloaded on the Bush administration's sluggish reconstruction efforts in Iraq.  quot;It's beyond pitiful; it's beyond embarrassing. It is now in the zone of dangerous, quot; he thundered. ...
Almost 40 percent of tech-savvy Singaporeans have broadband access (AFP) AFP - High-tech Singapore is also proving to be high-speed, with almost 40 percent of households hooked up to the Internet via broadband technology, the government said.
New German Mobile Phone to Detect Bad Breath (Reuters) Reuters - A German telecommunications company said\on Tuesday it is developing the first mobile phone that will\alert users when their breath is bad or if they are giving off\offensive smells.
England end Aussie jinx as they move into Champions Trophy final (AFP) AFP - England qualified for the Champions Trophy final after beating world champions Australia by six wickets in Tuesday's semi-final here at Edgbaston to end a run of 14 successive defeats against the world champions.
Oil Hits \$47 as Supply Worries Linger  LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices hit a one month-high of \$47 a  barrel on Tuesday as China showed no let-up in its strong  import growth and traders worried that U.S. petroleum  inventories had drawn down heavily due to Hurricane Ivan.
Woods to Skip 84 Lumber Classic  FARMINGTON, Penn. (Sports Network) - Tiger Woods announced  that he will not play in this week's 84 Lumber Classic due to  fatigue.
Maradona Gets Cuban Check-Up and Castro's Support  HAVANA (Reuters) - Former Argentina captain Diego Maradona  was having medical examinations in Cuba on Tuesday and received  a message of support from President Fidel Castro for his latest  efforts to kick cocaine, Argentina's ambassador said.
Indonesia Questions U.S. Mine Chief (AP) AP - Indonesian police on Tuesday summoned the American director and two other foreign staffers of a U.S.-based mining company for questioning over the alleged contamination of a bay in eastern Indonesia.
Interpol-Style Effort Needed Against 'Wildlife Mafia' (Reuters) Reuters - Asia needs a new network akin to\Interpol to fight a "wildlife mafia" and the illegal\multi-billion dollar trade in animals and plants,\environmentalists said on Tuesday.
Terror Attacks Spur Israel Road Deaths Spike-Study (Reuters) Reuters - Fatal attacks in Israel cause a\direct increase in the number of deadly traffic accidents --\but not until three days later, researchers said on Monday.
HHS Orders Avian Flu Vaccine from Aventis  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Health and Human Services  Department said on Tuesday it had ordered 2 million doses of  avian influenza vaccine from Aventis Pasteur Inc.   .
India Launches First Education Satellite (Reuters) Reuters - India's space agency said it\successfully launched the nation's first satellite for\educational services on Monday, which is expected to boost\distance learning in a country with a huge rural population.
Senate Panel Approves Goss for CIA Director (Reuters) Reuters - The Senate Intelligence Committee\voted 12-4 on Tuesday to approve the nomination of Republican\Florida congressman Porter Goss to become the new CIA director,\paving the way for full Senate confirmation.
Annus to Fight All His Life to Keep Gold Medal  BUDAPEST (Reuters) - Disgraced Hungarian hammer thrower  Adrian Annus treasures the Olympic gold medal he won in Athens  so much that he is ready to spend the rest of his life fighting  to clear his name.
Iran Converts Uranium in Defiance of UN  By Francois Murphy VIENNA (Reuters) - Iran defied the  United Nations on Tuesday by announcing it has begun converting  a large amount of raw uranium to prepare it for enrichment, a  process that can be used to develop atomic bombs.
Oil Holds Above \$46 Supply Worries Linger &lt;p&gt;\&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; By Toby Reynolds&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices held firm on Tuesday as China\showed no let-up in its strong import growth and U.S. Gulf\producers reported damage to offshore rigs from Hurricane Ivan.&lt;/p&gt;
Russian Who Murdered Chechen No Longer Seeks Pardon  MOSCOW (Reuters) - A Russian colonel convicted of murdering  a Chechen woman has withdrawn his request for a pardon, sparing  President Vladimir Putin the uncomfortable choice of offending  either the volatile region or his military.
Protests over tough Dutch budget The Dutch government unveils its austerity budget for 2005 amid protests by the public at the plans for painful reform.
Cricket: England stun Aussies Michael Vaughan stars as England crush Australia to reach the ICC Champions Trophy final.
Uganda's HIV success questioned Word of mouth research suggest HIV figures in Uganda could be three times bigger than previous estimates.
Profit Jumps 30 Percent at Goldman Sachs Goldman Sachs today posted a 30 percent jump in profit for its latest quarter, helped by strong growth across its segments.
Oil Hits \$47 as Supply Worries Linger Oil prices hit a one month-high today as China showed no let-up in its demand and traders worried that U.S. inventories had drawn down heavily due to Hurricane Ivan.
Red Hat Rebound Good growth plus an unappreciative investing public finally make Red Hat's stock look cheap.
Still Building at Adobe The publishers of Photoshop whip up another impossible looking earnings score.
Don't Pass on iPass Investors should weigh shareholder unfriendliness against a stock's cheap price.
Attorney Says Heels May Hurt Sobriety Test DURHAM, N.C. - Attorney Bill Thomas may get a lot more business from female motorists thanks to a novel defense strategy: High heels can help beat a DWI rap...
Bush Defends Decision to Oust Saddam UNITED NATIONS - President Bush delivered an unapologetic defense of his decision to invade Iraq, telling the United Nations Tuesday that his decision "helped to deliver the Iraqi people from an outlaw dictator." He appealed to the world community to join together in supporting the new Iraqi interim government.    Bush's speech to the U.N...
Stocks Higher; Investors Await Fed NEW YORK - Strong earnings from financial services companies and upbeat economic data pushed stocks higher Tuesday, but many investors clung to the sidelines ahead of the Federal Reserve's decision on interest rates, expected later in the session.    Investors may be seeing some buying opportunities after Monday, when gloomy outlooks from the consumer staples group weighed heavily on the market; a strong reading on new housing construction provided additional incentive...
Poor netiquette and jobs for net vandals &lt;strong&gt;Letters:&lt;/strong&gt; What is the world coming to?
New German Mobile Phone to Detect Bad Breath  BERLIN (Reuters) - A German telecommunications company said  on Tuesday it is developing the first mobile phone that will  alert users when their breath is bad or if they are giving off  offensive smells.
SBC to Build Internet Phone System for Ford SBC Communications (SBC.N: Quote, Profile, Research) said on Tuesday it had won a contract from Ford Motor Co. (FN: Quote, Profile, Research) to build an Internet-based telephone service 
Fares pressure rises on Air NZ AIR New Zealand faces being further squeezed on trans-Tasman fares as a result of the ban on its planned alliance with Qantas. Industry analysts last night dismissed claims that Air NZ and Qantas could still work together using informal ties.
AIG Gets Wells Notice From SEC The Securities and Exchange Commission is considering a civil action against American International Group Inc. and its AIG Financial Products Corp.
Starwood Names Heyer CEO WHITE PLAINS-Starwood Hotels  amp; Resorts Worldwide Inc. named Steven J. Heyer as its new chief executive officer. He will succeed company founder Barry S. Sternlicht effective Oct. 1. Heyer is currently president 
OECD Says Oil Prices and Inflation Not Hurting Industrial &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; A leading economic think-tank sees a strong recovery in the second half of the year for major industrial economies, in spite of high oil prices, and says inflation is not yet a concern.
Sprint, RadioShack will put kiosks in malls Kiosks with Sprint Corp. #39;s brand will open at about 500 shopping malls in the next three years through an agreement with longtime partner RadioShack Corp.
Intrinsa could be out by spring The US Food and Drug Administration will accelerate its review of Procter  amp; Gamble Co. #39;s Intrinsa female testosterone patch, P amp;G said today.
Bank of New York Buys Wilshire Business Bank of New York Co. said Tuesday that its BNY Brokerage Inc. unit has agreed to acquire the execution and commission management business of investment management firm Wilshire Associates for an undisclosed amount.
Sony shrinking the PS2 Sony Corporation has come up with a smaller version of its Playstation Two game console. The book-sized PS2 will help cut costs as video-game consoles continue to drop in price.
Methane on Mars causes controversy Methane and water vapour are concentrated in the same regions of the Martian atmosphere, say scientists studying data from Europe #39;s Mars Express orbiter.
Yellow Pages Group to list 2.4 million businesses on Google Canada MONTREAL (CP) - Yellow Pages Group has signed an agreement with web search engine Google that will make Yellow Pages business listings available on Google Local Canada, a new local search service.
IBM, Boeing join forces to seek government IT contracts SEPTEMBER 21, 2004 (COMPUTERWORLD) - To better position themselves to win future US government IT contracts, IBM and The Boeing Co.
TruSecure, Betrusted formalize merger plans com September 21, 2004, 8:12 AM PT. Most IT Managers won #39;t question the importance of security, but this priority has been sliding between the third and fourth most important focus for companies.
Mitsubishi Elec to stop producing TV LCDs, focus on smaller panels &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; TOKYO (AFX) - Mitsubishi Electric Corp plans to stop producing LCD (liquid crystal display) panels for television sets and personal computers and shift to smaller panels for cellular phones and industrial equipment, the Nihon Keizai Shimbun reported 
Microsoft May Do More Shopping PALO ALTO, CALIFORNIA -- Microsoft may make more large acquisitions than it has done historically and become a more distributed company as opposed to moving key employees to its Redmond, Washington, headquarters, Chief Financial Officer John Connors said 
Contaminated GM crops found at nine Thai farms BANGKOK : Thailand said on Tuesday that at least nine farms had been contaminated by genetically-modified crops after a seed selling scandal shut down a major part of the country #39;s GM testing programme.
AOL Marketing  #39;Bots #39; to Target AIM Users America Online Inc. announced Monday that it is launching an  quot;AIM Bot Program quot; that will automatically distribute targeted advertising and  quot;online presence quot; campaigns to its 100 million instant message users.
Apple iMac G5 1.8-GHz PowerPC G5 processor, 512MB DDR SDRAM, 160GB SATA hard drive (7,200-rpm), nVidia GeForce FX 5200 Ultra graphics, 20-inch widescreen LCD, DVD-R optical drive, three USB 2.0 ports, two FireWire ports, integrated speakers, AirPort Extreme (802.
Man United midfielder Roy Keane charged with assault Manchester United midfielder Roy Keane was charged with assault and criminal damage Tuesday over an alleged confrontation with a 16-year-old boy, Manchester police said.
Fulham call in lawyers over brawl Fulham have brought in lawyers for advice on the best way to fight a mass of Football Association disciplinary charges which could also land manager Chris Coleman and several of his players with major suspensions and fines.
Football Legend Maradona Returns to Cuba for Drug Rehab Argentine football legend Diego Maradona has arrived in Cuba to resume his rehabilitation for cocaine addiction. Tuesday #39;s move follows a relapse that left him confined to a psychiatric hospital in Buenos Aires.
Vaughan #39;s England stun Aussies with Trophy win Michael Vaughan found his one-day feet at last as England upset Australia by six wickets on Tuesday to reach the Champions Trophy final.
Awe Freak Out! The gym I attend was buzzing with anticipation for the Monday Night matchup between The Minnesota Vikings and The Philadelphia Eagles.
Indian TV Rights Up for Grabs Again A controversial \$308 million deal to broadcast India #39;s home cricket matches fell through on Tuesday after the country #39;s cricket board said there was no binding contract and it may re-tender the rights.
Bonds, Giants try to slow red-hot Astros SAN FRANCISCO - The Houston Astros have control over their own fate when they visit SBC Park for a three-game series against the San Francisco Giants.
Seattle men arrested; no motive available MOSCOW, Idaho -- A University of Idaho football player was shot to death and police arrested two brothers from Seattle following a chase that extended halfway across Washington state.
With Vlad back, Angels look to gain ground ANAHEIM, California - The Anaheim Angels hope to gain more ground in the playoff chase when they host the Seattle Mariners in the second game of their three-game set.
Cubs have Prior, Wood refreshed for postseason run Good to be back. We assure you: no mention of the Terrell Owens-Randy Moss rivalry or shameless plug from Jim Belushi here. The Blog spent a few days in Cincinnati last week, where it checked in on the surging Cubs.
Milwaukee Brewers Team Report - September 21 (Sports Network) - The Milwaukee Brewers resume a four-game series against the NL Central champion St. Louis Cardinals tonight at Miller Park.
Bush tells UN  #39;all must fight the murderers #39; President Bush stressed the importance of spreading freedom in the world and defended his decision to invade Iraq in a speech Tuesday to the UN General Assembly.
Iran converts uranium in defiance of UN on Saturday calling on Iran to suspend all activities related to uranium enrichment. The United States,. Russia and the European Union reinforced the message on Monday by urging Tehran to comply.
More than 600 dead in Haiti Corpses and weeping relatives filled morgues in Haiti after Tropical Storm Jeanne left more than 600 people dead, another tragedy for the Caribbean country in a year marked by revolts, military interventions and deadly floods.
Turkish company halts operations in Iraq A Turkish construction company said Tuesday it was halting operations in neighboring Iraq to try to save the lives of 10 employees kidnapped by militants.
Thailand Says Nine Farms Contaminated By Genetically Modified &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Nine farms in Thailand have been found to be contaminated by genetically modified crops. The announcement comes after a scandal shut down a big part of the country #39;s program to test genetically modified crops.
Bryant's Request to Seal Evidence Opposed (AP) AP - The prosecutor who charged Kobe Bryant with felony sexual assault has joined news organizations in opposing an attempt by the NBA star's attorney to permanently seal evidence and documents in the case.
Kerry Rolls Out Health Care Ad (AP) AP - Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry argues that "over a million more Americans would lose their health insurance coverage" under President Bush in a television ad the Democrat's campaign rolled out Tuesday.
Time Warner Sees AOL Ad Revenue at Near \$1 Billion Time Warner Inc. (TWX.N: Quote, Profile, Research) said on Monday its America Online Internet unit, once seen as the company #39;s red-headed stepchild, could contribute some of the company #39;s most explosive revenue growth.
HHS Orders Avian Flu Vaccine from Aventis  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Health and Human Services  Department said on Tuesday it had ordered 2 million doses of  avian influenza vaccine from Aventis Pasteur Inc.
Judge Orders Martha Stewart to Surrender NEW YORK -- A federal judge today ordered Martha Stewart to surrender for prison by October 8th, granting a request by the celebrity homemaker to begin serving her sentence for lying about a stock sale.
OECD Cuts US 2004 Growth Forecast to 4.3 Percent  quot;The US expansion increasingly hinges on employment creation and business investment, quot; OECD chief economist Jean-Philippe Cotis told a news briefing.
Starwood Names New Chief Executive SEPTEMBER 21, 2004 -- White Plains, NY -- Former Coca-Cola Company president Steven Heyer today was named the new chief executive of Starwood Hotels, effective Oct. 1. Heyer succeeds Starwood founder Barry 
Australia #39;s Hardie may face charges over asbestos SYDNEY: Australian building products firm James Hardie Industries NV may face criminal charges after a government inquiry found it broke the law by saying it had enough money in a fund to compensate thousands of asbestos victims.
Kraft Says SEC Not Planning Action Branded food and beverage maker Kraft Foods Inc. said Tuesday the Securities and Exchange Commission does not intend to recommend an enforcement action against the company in connection with the government #39;s 
Sprint and RadioShack enter deal to open wireless kiosks in malls RadioShack Corp. (NYSE: RSH), on Tuesday said it has entered into an agreement with Sprint Corp. (NYSE: FON) to open Sprint-branded wireless kiosks in malls nationwide.
AOL, RSA, VeriSign push authentication services SEPTEMBER 21, 2004 (IDG NEWS SERVICE) - Responding to a scourge of online fraud and identity theft that threatens to undermine public confidence in Internet commerce, major companies are rolling out new services to encourage the adoption of better 
TruSecure, BeTrusted Announce Merger Enterprise IT security consultants TruSecure and BeTrusted have merged to form a standalone managed services firm called CyberTrust.
Space station may fall into disrepair The International Space Station will be effectively condemned if crew members cannot repair its faulty oxygen generator by the end of next month, a British space scientist has warned.
Uninsured patients often face big markups How much does an overnight stay at a Virginia hospital cost? If Medicaid is paying, the answer is \$6,000. If Paul Shipman is paying, it #39;s \$29,500.
Roy Keane charged with assault Manchester United captain Roy Keane has been charged with assault and criminal damage for a fight on September 4, police say. The Ireland international is due to appear before Trafford Magistrates 
Maradona Gets Cuban Check-Up and Castro #39;s Support Former Argentina captain Diego Maradona was having medical examinations in Cuba on Tuesday and received a message of support from President Fidel Castro for his latest 
Dynamo handed 3-0 win Dynamo Kiev have been awarded a 3-0 victory by UEFA #39;s Control and Disciplinary Body after their Champions League game against Roma at the Stadio Olimpico was abandoned at half-time after referee Anders Frisk was struck on the head by an object thrown from 
Eagles Sprint to Fast Start The Philadelphia Eagles were the only NFL team to reach the playoffs last season after an 0-2 beginning. This time around, they #39;re making things a little easier.
Blue Jays activate Halladay from DL Bronx, NY (Sports Network) - The Toronto Blue Jays activated pitcher Roy Halladay from the 15-day disabled list and he is expected to start Tuesday #39;s game against the New York Yankees.
Seattle Mariners Team Report - September 21 (Sports Network) - The Mariners will try to get back on the winning track tonight, when they battle the Anaheim Angels in the middle test of a three- game series.
Texans Troubled by Turnovers For the first time in their history, the Houston Texans are 0-2, and they have turnovers to blame.  quot;I #39;ve been around this business long enough to know what 
Annus to Fight All His Life to Keep Gold Medal Disgraced Hungarian hammer thrower Adrian Annus treasures the Olympic gold medal he won in Athens so much that he is ready to spend the rest of his life fighting to clear his name.
First-blood doctrine rejected PRIME Minister John Howard has been labelled a political Rambo after he defended yesterday the Government #39;s right to launch a pre-emptive attack on terrorist groups in the Asia-Pacific region.
Stewart to Surrender for Prison by Oct. 8 NEW YORK - A federal judge ordered Martha Stewart on Tuesday to surrender for prison by Oct. 8, granting the celebrity homemaker's request to begin serving her sentence for lying about a stock sale...
Raiders Making Progress in New Defense (AP) AP - After one win, defensive end Bobby Hamilton made the bold prediction that Oakland's new defense is good enough to get 12 sacks in a game.
Dutch Minister's World Revealed in 'Blog' (Reuters) Reuters - Dutch Finance Minister Gerrit Zalm\says his "blog" -- personal diary on the Internet -- gives\people an idea of what it is to be a minister, with insights\into his professional and private life.
Darfur refugees say Janjaweed now working as camp guards: UN (AFP) AFP - Janjaweed militiamen, who have been accused of committing atrocities in Sudan's Darfur region, are now appearing as guards at refugee camps according refugees, a senior UN official said.
EDS Reduces 2004 Cash Flow Projections Electronic Data Systems Corp. cut its cash flow projections for 2004 on Monday because it spent \$522 million to pay off money borrowed by a trust to finance a huge technology contract with the Navy.
Stocks Rise as Goldman, Lehman Earns Gain  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks edged barely higher in  early Tuesday afternoon trading as investors anticipated the  Federal Reserve would stay on its course of only "measured"  interest-rate increases.
Genta Shares Soar on Cancer Drug Data Shares of Genta Inc. (GNTA.O: Quote, Profile, Research) soared nearly 50 percent on Monday after the biotechnology company presented promising data on an experimental treatment for blood cancers.
Airlines Ordered to Turn Over Passenger Data The Transportation Security Administration announced on Tuesday that it will order domestic airlines to turn over personal information about passengers to test a system that will compare their names to those on terrorist watch lists.
Is This What the Big Bang Sounded Like? Using data from a NASA satellite, an astronomer has simulated the sound that he says followed the birth of the universe. &lt;i&gt;Includes audio.&lt;/i&gt;
Fed Likely to Bump Up Rates Again Wall Street stocks remained in the doldrums this morning as investors awaited the end of a Federal Reserve meeting that is expected to result in this year #39;s third interest rate hike.
Best Buy adds Verizon to wireless line-up Sprint Corp. and RadioShack Corp. reported a multi-year agreement to develop, deploy and operate Sprint-branded kiosks in approximately 500 shopping malls across the country following a 10-month test program involving 10 Sprint kiosks.
Authentication  #39;Tokens #39; Arrive For AOL Customers America Online (Quote, Chart) has inked a deal with RSA Security (Quote, Chart) to add another layer of authentication to the existing username/password scheme used by AOL subscribers.
Spinach could power better solar cells An electronic device that uses spinach to convert light into electrical charge has been developed by US researchers. Shuguang Zhang at Massachusetts Institute of Technology, US, and research collaborators 
Voq Professional Phone now available in Europe Following availability in the United States, the Voq Professional Phone is now available across Europe. The phone is now available to purchase from A  amp; C Systems 
Sun Changes Course, Releases First NAS Box SEPTEMBER 20, 2004 (COMPUTERWORLD) - Sun Microsystems Inc. tomorrow plans to announce several storage products, including its first network-attached storage (NAS) box and a midrange disk array that uses virtualization 
It was clear the Europeans wanted the Ryder Cup more than the US Before I was a professional golfer, I was a golf fan. And after the performance of the US Ryder Cup team this past weekend, I am a sad and angry golf fan.
Bush defends Iraq invasion and says UN should offer more help UNITED NATIONS (CP) - President George W. Bush defended his Iraq invasion Tuesday in a speech to the United Nations as he called on the world body to do more to help the chaotic country and establish a fund to spread democracy elsewhere.
Nations unite as boats collide Anyone gazing out to sea from the east Kent coast on Tuesday will have seen an unusual flurry of lifeboats and helicopters. Two miles off Deal a disaster was unfolding - two 100ft boats 
Bosnia refugee returns reach one million - UN One million Bosnians, about 45 percent of those who fled during the 1992-5 war, have returned to their homes, the UN refugee agency said on Tuesday.
PeopleSoft keeps up the fight In the shadow of Oracle, PeopleSoft boss Craig Conway seeks to sooth customers during convention keynote.
Microsoft banks on Money update The software maker has released a downloadable version of its financial package for consumers.
SEC Probes Bisys Group Unit Over Payments Bisys Group Inc. said Monday that the Securities and Exchange Commission is investigating its fund services unit over certain expense payments.
Briefly: PeopleSoft-Oracle trial delayed roundup Plus: IBM, Boeing team up for defense work...TI touts combo chip with VoIP, Wi-Fi...ContextWeb nabs \$3 million.
PeopleSoft-Oracle trial delayed The unfair business practices lawsuit was set to start in November but is pushed back to Jan. 10.
Prosecutor: First Enron trial about  #39;cheating and lying #39; The first criminal trial to emerge from Enron Corp. #39;s spectacular scandal  quot;is a case about cheating and lying quot; with Wall Street #39;s help, a prosecutor said Tuesday.
SEC Considering AIG for Civil Charges over PNC Deal The  quot;Wells notice quot; stems from an SEC probe into transactions that AIG Financial Products, the parent #39;s derivatives unit, structured for PNC Financial of Pittsburgh in 2001.
AMD Tries To Compete With Intel By Releasing Athlon 64 3000 AMD has expanded its family of low-voltage mobile processors designed to offer high performance, security and mobility for thin and light notebooks.
Microsoft CFO: Expect more acquisitions SEPTEMBER 21, 2004 (IDG NEWS SERVICE) - Microsoft Corp. may make more large acquisitions than it has done historically and become a more distributed company rather than moving key employees to its Redmond, Wash 
Senate Panel to Vote on Digital TV Bill A critical Senate committee plans to vote this week on legislation that would require broadcasters to abandon their current analog TV channels and switch solely to digital transmissions by 2009.
Ryder failures show US must change course BLOOMFIELD TOWNSHIP, Mich. - When a team in the United States wins four championships in five years and seven in 10 years, it is labeled a dynasty.
New York Yankees Team Report - September 21 (Sports Network) - The New York Yankees will try to strengthen their hold on first place in the American league East this evening when they continue their three- game series with the Toronto Blue Jays at Yankee Stadium.
al-Qaida Claims Killing of British Man (AP) AP - An Internet periodical considered the voice of al-Qaida's operations in Saudi Arabia claimed the terror network was responsible for the shooting death of a British national in the Saudi capital of Riyadh a week ago.
Vodafone plans worldwide 3G expansion (FT.com) FT.com - Vodafone is to kick-start a global push into 3G with an array of mobile phones that is likely to outstrip the range of handsets being sold by many of its rivals.
AP: Kerry Fund-Raisers, S. Korean Spy Met (AP) AP - A South Korean embassy official who met with John Kerry fund-raisers to talk about creating a political group for Korean-Americans was in fact a spy for his country, raising concerns among U.S. officials that he or Seoul may have tried to influence the fall presidential election.
General Mills Profit Down 19 Percent  LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - General Mills Inc. on Tuesday  reported a steeper-than-expected drop in quarterly net income  due to higher food ingredient costs and stepped-up spending on  promotions.
Plastic finally surpasses paper checks as America #39;s favorite &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; For the first time, Americans #39; use of credit cards, debit cards and other electronic bill paying has eclipsed paper checks. The number of electronic payment transactions last year totaled 
Fed Pushes Up Interest Rates Again The Federal Reserve boosted a key short-term interest rate by one-quarter percentage point Tuesday, marking the third increase this year.
Killer colonel drops pardon bid A Russian ex-colonel who was jailed for strangling a Chechen girl reportedly drops his request for a pardon.
Families Urge Militants in Iraq to Spare Hostages Family members of American and British hostages appealed for their lives after militants vowed to kill one of them today.
Airlines Told to Turn Over Passenger Data WASHINGTON - The Transportation Security Administration announced on Tuesday that it will order domestic airlines to turn over personal information about passengers to test a system that will compare their names to those on terrorist watch lists.    The system, called Secure Flight, replaces a previous plan that would have checked passenger names against commercial databases and assigned a risk level to each...
Bush Vigorously Defends War in Iraq UNITED NATIONS - President Bush delivered an unapologetic defense of his decision to invade Iraq, telling the United Nations Tuesday that it "helped to deliver the Iraqi people from an outlaw dictator." Later, Bush condemned the beheading of a U.S. hostage by an Islamic militant...
Fed Raises Interest Rates by 1/4 Point NEW YORK - In a widely expected move, the Federal Reserve (search) Tuesday raised its target for the federal funds rate by 25 basis points to 1.75 percent, its third rate increase in a row.
EMC aims to lower Exchange TCO This fourth priority #39;s main focus has been improving or obtaining CRM and ERP software for the past year and a half. EMC today announced Express Solution 
Silver wants to cut price for Gold Banc Gold Banc Corp. Inc. #39;s prospective buyer wants to reduce the sale price because of a  quot;material adverse effect quot; on Gold Banc #39;s financial condition.
Hardware  PSTwo Confirmed It #39;s small, it #39;s cool and no doubt a stupid number of people will buy it on those virtues alone.... Whilst not Nintendo news, we do like to keep you informed of any significant news from the competition, and this counts as quite important.
TruSecure, Betrusted to merge and rename CNet News.com: Security companies TruSecure and Betrusted are expected to formally announce on Tuesday that they plan to merge and create a newly formed company called Cybertrust.
NASA picks Northrop Grumman Washington- NASA announced late Monday that it had picked Northrop Grumman Space Technology to help it develop a spacecraft that could explore three of Jupiter #39;s moons, a project potentially worth \$232 million to the NASA Glenn Research Center in Cleveland 
MP3 players set for major growth: report An IDC report predicts that the market will grow at a compound annual growth rate (CAGR) of 20 percent to ship over 50 million units in 2008, up from just 12.
England serve notice of intent Whether they care to admit it or not, this was the contest England had yearned for all summer. It was a measure of the team #39;s recent advance that they had become tired of pounding West Indies 
New Real coach confident of support New Real Madrid coach Mariano Garcia Remon is confident he will have the support of the players in his attempt to help the glittering soccer side recover from their disappointing start to the season.
Notes: Oswalt to make next start The sore rib cage muscle that caused Roy Oswalt to leave Friday #39;s game in the eighth inning won #39;t keep him from making his next start Wednesday night at San Francisco.
Interview: Meeting with Indian PM to aim at understand building &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The basic issue for an upcoming bilateral meeting with Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh is to create understanding, Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf said here Tuesday.
New Zealand a Noah's Ark for Conserving Bizarre Birds New Zealand has reached a major milestone in its 110-year effort to save many native birds from extinction and reintroduce them to their old mainland habitats.
Shampooing to Stop Oil Spill Bird Deaths Oil spills cause more than half a million water birds to die each year, according to conservationists. Rescue workers offer some birds a chance at survival.
PeopleSoft CEO vows to keep up the fight In the shadow of Oracle, an upbeat Craig Conway seeks to sooth customers at PeopleSoft's annual convention.
Humble pie for Sun "We didn't listen" to customers, who turned to rivals, a top exec says. Can Sun turn things around?
Toshiba unleashes slew of notebooks The wireless-enabled systems target all levels of businesses; at least one model is designed to handle intense graphic presentations. \
Sun: We've turned over a new leaf The server giant failed to deliver what customers asked for, execs tell a confab crowd. But that's all changed, they promise.
Cybertrust to open for business in 30 days The new company, the product of the merger between TruSecure and Betrusted, will operate in Europe, Asia and North America.
Hip-hop rings put 'bling' in cell phones Sprint, others hope to hear more ka-ching with "bling tones," cellular ring tones created by hip-hop artists.
Philly plans world's largest mesh Wi-Fi net VENICE -- The idea sounds good on paper: Build a mesh network of wireless Wi-Fi base stations and let users roam around an entire city instead of providing limited connectivity in a handful of hot spots. But will it work? The City of Philadelphia hopes so.
Onex Corp. to buy US health services companies for \$980 million TORONTO (CP) - The Onex Corp. conglomerate has signed a \$980 million deal to buy two US health services companies owned by former Canadian transportation giant Laidlaw International Inc.
Sun offers pay-as-you-go computing service Sun Microsystems Inc. will offer utility computing services priced at less than a dollar per node per hour, it announced Tuesday.
Will WiMax Replace DSL? Despite Intel's support of the emerging wireless technology, some doubt its potential.
Sony Shows Slim, Trim PlayStation 2 Company also says upcoming PlayStation 3 will support Blu-ray discs.
Stocks Rise as Goldman, Lehman Earns Gain US stocks edged barely higher in early Tuesday afternoon trading as investors anticipated the Federal Reserve would stay on its course of only  quot;measured quot; interest-rate increases.
Coca-Cola exec to lead Starwood Hotels The former president of the Coca-Cola Co. was named Tuesday chief executive of Starwood Hotels and Resorts Inc., the world #39;s third-largest hotel group.
Jarden #39;s Brandfest In July, the Fool #39;s James Early looked at stocks that combine the following: a small market cap, a boring industry, and a savvy Pac-Man-style acquisition strategy of adding a portfolio of brands.
RadioShack, Sprint in Mall Kiosk Venture RadioShack Corp. (RSH.N: Quote, Profile, Research) , the No. 3 US electronics chain, on Tuesday said it has signed a deal with Sprint Corp.
Fortis Names Votron to Succeed Van Rossum as Chief (Update1) Fortis, Belgium #39;s biggest financial- services company, named Jean-Paul Votron, former head of Citigroup #39;s retail bank for Western Europe, to take over from Chief Executive Anton van Rossum.
Ask Jeeves Shapes Up Ask Jeeves (Nasdaq: ASKJ) has gotten a face-lift this week, and in more ways than one. Not only did the search engine add some functionality but also someone over there decided to give the PG Wodehouse-inspired 
TruSecure, Betrusted Merge To Create Cybertrust In announcing the merger, the companies said Cybertrust would fold the specialties of each company -- risk management and compliance from TruSecure, identity management from Betrusted and intrusion detection and prevention from Ubizen.
Emerson Pushes Boundaries Of IT You usually don #39;t hear executives at Oracle talk about taking outside advice. But the hard-charging company has solicited some feedback on a new round of products from an unlikely source--Emerson 
Mitsubishi to stop producing big LCD panels Mitsubishi has decided to stop production of LCD panels for televisions and computers. Instead the company will focus on the production of smaller LCD panels.
Study: MP3 player market to explode With the economy slowly turning up, upgrading hardware has been on businesses radar in the past 12 months as their number two priority.
UPDATE 1-Vaughan #39;s England stun Aussies with Trophy win Michael Vaughan found his one-day feet at last as England stunned world champions Australia to reach the Champions Trophy final on Tuesday.
BCCI to decide its next move on TV rights soon: Dalmiya Kolkata, Sept 21 (UNI) The Board of Control for Cricket in India (BCCI) today said it would decide its next course of action soon following ESPN-Star Sports #39; withdrawal of the petition against it in the Bombay High Court today in response to the Indian 
Bush Defends US Policy on Iraq, Promotes Democracy in UN Speech President Bush defended the US decision to invade Iraq in a United Nations General Assembly address Tuesday in which he also urged the world community to fight terrorism and promote democracy.
Indonesian former general heading for massive presidential &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; In Indonesia, former general Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono is heading for a massive presidential election victory over incumbent Megawati Sukarnoputri.
Israeli Missile Strike Kills Two Gaza Militants An Israeli missile strike killed at least two Hamas gunmen in Gaza City Monday, a day after a top commander of the Islamic militant group was killed in a similar attack 
Google Toolbar Security Warning Google Toolbar Security Warning\\As many of the readers of Search Engine Journal (including myself) probably have the Google Toolbar installed on your machines, we thought that this warning is quite relevant. The Google Toolbar apparently has a security hole which has been posted on SecurityTracker.com. \\It is reported that the ...
News: Merger creates world's biggest IT security services firm IT security firms TruSecure and Betrusted are to merge in order to create the "biggest security services company in the world".\
Outfoxed Offered for Remix The maker of a documentary about Fox News offers raw footage of his film online for others to re-edit into new 'mixes.' With the spread of broadband and cheap filmmaking software, film may become remixers' favored medium. By Daniel Terdiman.
Reaping From the Wild Wind If you are going to depend on a windmill, it's best to find a windy place to put it. Companies that can assess a location's wind potential are in demand, and they are pushing the technology to predict shifting breezes. By John Gartner.
Mac Games: (Not) Big in Japan Mac gaming in Japan is in a slump: There are no Mac games. But a very unlikely savior has just stepped in to rescue gaming on the Mac. Nobuyuki Hayashi reports from Tokyo.
Robot Telescopes Comb the Skies RoboNet-1.0, an automatically controlled series of telescopes, has two prime directives: search the heavens for the next big flash and spot an Earth-like planet that could hold intelligent life. By Lakshmi Sandhana.
All of a Sudden, the Neighborhood Looks a Lot Friendlier These are hopeful times for those who like to think the prospects of life elsewhere are good.
Is Prozac Better? Is It Even Different? Through all the recent warnings about antidepressants and children, one of the drugs seemed somehow above the fray: Prozac. But is it really that different?
For Women Worried About Fertility, Egg Bank Is a New Option For single women who want children, egg freezing may be a reproductive insurance policy.
Linking Rivers, With Happy Results The Panama Canal linked more than the Atlantic and Pacific Oceans: it also connected rivers that had been separated by the Continental Divide.
Bryant's Request to Seal Evidence Opposed (AP) AP - The prosecutor who brought rape charges against Kobe Bryant has joined news organizations in opposing an attempt by the NBA star's attorney to permanently seal evidence and documents in the case.
Web Site: 2nd U.S. Hostage Killed in Iraq (AP) AP - A posting on an Islamic Web site claimed Tuesday that the al-Qaida-linked group led by Abu Musab al-Zarqawi has slain a second American hostage in Iraq. The claim could not be verified immediately.
U.S. Probes Death of Afghan Detainee (AP) AP - The U.S. military is investigating whether American soldiers abused an Afghan detainee so badly that he died last year at a special forces base in southeastern Afghanistan, an official said Tuesday.
Oil prices rise after Saudi attack, halting three-day plunge NEW YORK (AFP) - Global crude oil prices rose after gunmen stormed a US consulate in Saudi Arabia, arresting a three-day, 13-percent price slide.
'I'm 100 Percent Innocent', Says Hamilton  ZURICH (Reuters) - Olympic champion Tyler Hamilton said on  Tuesday that he is "100 percent innocent" as the Phonak rider  responded to media reports that he failed a drugs test.
U.S. Stocks Rise After Fed Rate Hike  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks rose on Tuesday after the  Federal Reserve raised short-term interest rates by a quarter  point for the third time this year.
PeopleSoft ties knot with IBM The business applications maker will integrate its technology more closely with infrastructure software from Big Blue.
Software vendor may cash in on contact-center patents SAN FRANCISCO - CosmoCom Inc., a software vendor that holds a pair of U.S. patents on IP (Internet Protocol) contact center technology, is now considering moves to defend those patents, company officials said Monday.
SBC strikes telephony agreement with Ford Automaker Ford Motor Co. has signed a new contract with San Antonio-based SBC Communications Inc. for the deployment of an advanced Internet protocol (IP) telephony network at Ford facilities in Michigan, the telecommunications firm said Tuesday.
SEC won #39;t take action vs. Kraft in Fleming case NORTHFIELD, Ill. The SEC won #39;t recommend enforcement action against Kraft Foods for allegedly helping the Fleming Companies inflate revenue.
European Stocks Advance As Tesco Boosts European stocks moved cautiously higher Tuesday, with the retail sector getting a leg up from some stellar first-half numbers from UK grocer Tesco.
Franklin Can #39;t Come Clean Just when I thought it might be winding down, the mutual fund scandal is back to rear its ugly head. Yesterday, Franklin Resources (NYSE: BEN), parent of the Franklin Templeton 
TruSecure, Betrusted Merge To Form Cybertrust Cybertrust will combine identity management and PKI products from Betrusted, risk management and compliance services from TruSecure, and intrusion detection and prevention technology from Ubizen, a subsidiary of Betrusted.
China grabs software research deals despite risks Global software makers are looking to China as a new center for research efforts, seeking to take advantage of cheap programming talent despite nagging intellectual property concerns.
Mitsubishi Elec to stop producing TV LCDs, focus on smaller panels &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Mitsubishi Electric plans to stop producing LCD panels for television sets and personal computers and shift to smaller panels for cellular phones and industrial equipment 
Red Flag Warning Issued For LA County LOS ANGELES -- A Red Flag Warning signifying a high risk of fire will be in effect Tuesday in the mountains and valleys of Los Angeles County because of a combination of Santa Ana winds and very low humidity.
Floods and mud kill more than 600 in Haiti The death toll from Tropical Storm Jeanne has more than doubled in Haiti, and it is still climbing. More than 600 people have died since the vicious storm tore across the impoverished island.
Five-Star Review of iMac G5 Awarding the iMac G5 five stars, PC Magazine writes,  #147;Pros: Simple, stunning all-in-one design. Quiet. Just one cord (for power), thanks to optional Bluetooth keyboard and mouse. More compact than other all-in-one desktops. Gorgeous 20-inch screen and desktop-caliber hard drive make machine more usable than a desktop-replacement notebook, for the same money and space use #133; Bottom Line: Apple has another design coup on its hands with the Apple iMac G5. Its clean, simple look  #151; imagine if an iPod grew into a full-size, self-contained PC  #151; exclaims,  #145;It #146;s about time they designed a computer like this. #146; #148; Sep 21
Fed raises key interest rate quarter point to 1.75 percent (AFP) AFP - Federal Reserve policymakers lifted the federal funds rate a quarter point to 1.75 percent, saying the US economy has  quot;regained some traction quot; and no longer needs as much stimulus.
Dollar Off After Fed Hike, Inflation View  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The dollar extended its losses against  the euro on Tuesday after the Federal Reserve raised interest  rates as expected but signaled that both inflation and  inflation expectations were easing.
Haiti Flood Death Toll Nears 700, Likely to Rise  GONAIVES, Haiti (Reuters) - Survivors of devastating  flooding in Haiti wandered mud-clogged streets in search of  food on Tuesday and officials said the death toll could rise  above 660.
Zarqawi Group Says Kills U.S. Hostage in Iraq  DUBAI (Reuters) - A militant group headed by al Qaeda ally  Abu Musab al-Zarqawi has killed an American captive in Iraq  after the lapse of a 24-hour deadline Tuesday, a statement  posted on the Internet and an Arabic channel said.
Martha Stewart #39;s  #39;Jail Me #39; Request Granted Judge Miriam Goldman Cedarbaum in New York granted Martha Stewart #39;s request to be assigned to a prison camp in Danbury, Connecticut.
SBC Drives VoIP to Ford It #39;s looking more and more like Voice over Internet Protocol, or VoIP, is ready for prime time. Today, SBC Communications (NYSE: SBC) said that it will provide VoIP services to Ford (NYSE: F) in one of the largest deployments of its type to date.
INTERVIEW-As Starwood shifts focus, top execs to split work As Starwood Hotels  amp; Resorts Worldwide Inc. #39;s new chief executive Steve Heyer focuses on the Sheraton, W and Westin hotels, Chairman Barry Sternlicht aims 
Stride Rite Tries to Gain Traction The other day I spotted a  quot;Going Out of Business quot; sign stretched across the window of a Stride Rite (NYSE: SRR) store. Upon further investigation, I learned that the franchised 
PeopleSoft ties knot with IBM com September 21, 2004, 11:23 AM PT. This fourth priority #39;s main focus has been improving or obtaining CRM and ERP software for the past year and a half.
Inhibitex Outstrips Mixed Biotech Stocks Inhibitex Inc. stood out from a mixed biotechnology sector Monday, jumping more than 20 percent on news that it will receive a fast-tracked review for a staph-infection treatment.
Sony launches new PlayStation 2 Sony of Japan said Tuesday it will begin selling a more compact version of its PlayStation 2, the Guardian reported. The company, at its London announcement, said the new model #39;s noise level is about 75 percent 
Mitsubishi pulling out of large LCDs With the economy slowly turning up, upgrading hardware has been on businesses radar in the past 12 months as their number two priority.
E-Mail-Authentication Problems Spawn New Apps Port25 has released a new version of its PowerMTA, geared to address E-mail-authentication specs and accreditation services. By Thomas Claburn.
Sun: We #39;ve turned over a new leaf com September 21, 2004, 10:08 AM PT. With the economy slowly turning up, upgrading hardware has been on businesses radar in the past 12 months as their number two priority.
BCCI kills tender, Zee cries foul MUMBAI/NEW DELHI: Taking the bails off the ESPN-Zee legal wrangle, the Board of Control for Cricket in India (BCCI) suddenly cancelled the bidding process for the four-year domestic cricket telecast rights.
Haiti flood death toll nears 700, likely to rise In Gonaives, Haiti, story headlined  quot;Haiti flood death toll nears 700, likely to rise quot; please read in first paragraph ... could rise above 660 ... instead of ... could rise about 660. By Joseph Guyler Delva.
Iraq Group Says Kills Second U.S. Hostage-TV  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Militants killed a second American  captive in Iraq after a 24-hour deadline passed on Tuesday, a  Web site statement and Arab television said.
Britain, Ireland Launch Bid to Close N.Irish Deal  BELFAST (Reuters) - Britain and Ireland resumed their  efforts to close a deal on restoring home rule in Northern  Ireland on Tuesday with expressions of optimism but no  immediate signs of a breakthrough.
Nintendo, Sony Make Pushes Before Holidays (AP) AP - Nintendo Co. and Sony Corp. made separate product announcements Tuesday that the video game giants hope will attract more customers ahead of the highly competitive holiday shopping season.
Pentagon Bid to Reform Absentee Voting Draws Fire (Reuters) Reuters - Pentagon efforts to fix absentee\voting problems among U.S. troops that marred the 2000 election\have run into trouble as plans to use the Internet crumbled and\a fax or e-mail balloting system draws fire.
AMD Delivers New Mobile Processor (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - AMD (NYSE: AMD) has unveiled a new mobile processor, adding to its portfolio of\chips for notebook PCs and keeping pace with Intel's Centrino offering.
Nokia Revamps VPN System Security (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - Nokia (NYSE: NOK) has upgraded the security and functionality of its Secure Access System virtual private network (VPN) platform.
Feds could sell off real estate, improve buying to save billions: Brison (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - TORONTO (CP) - The federal government will look at selling off real estate and expanding its bulk buying as it aims to find  #36;12 billion of savings over the next five years, Public Works Minister Scott Brison confirmed Tuesday.
Tuna Fish Stocks in Mediterranean in Danger-WWF (Reuters) Reuters - Tuna fish stocks in the Mediterranean\are in danger of being wiped out due to overfishing, a green\group said on Tuesday, calling for a halt in EU subsidies and\tougher rules to halt illegal fishing.
Treasuries Up in Post-Fed Rollercoaster  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. Treasury prices seesawed on  Tuesday after the Federal Reserve raised interest rates by a  quarter-percentage point and signaled further hikes were on the  way.
Bush-Kerry draw sharp battle lines on Iraq (AFP) AFP - Two days of hard politicking on Iraq have left the US presidential candidates locked into opposing visions: George W. Bush sees a country marching towards democracy, John Kerry sees one descending into chaos.
The Balance Factor: Can You Handle Zero G? (SPACE.com) SPACE.com - Floating around an airplane unhampered by gravity may sound like a blast, but only as long as you take precautions to keep your lunch in your stomach.
The Sun's Travels and Why Fall is Nigh (SPACE.com) SPACE.com - Wednesday, Sept. 22 marks what scientists call the fall equinox in the Northern \  Hemisphere, when night and day are of equal length and cooler weather is on \  the way -- if it hasn't already arrived.
Martha Stewart to Prison in October  NEW YORK (Reuters) - A federal judge on Tuesday agreed to  Martha Stewart's request to start serving her prison term as  soon as possible for lying about a suspicious stock sale --  meaning the homemaking icon will be out in time to plant her  beloved spring garden.
GTECH Thrives, but With a Wild Card The company's Q2 earnings beat estimates, but Brazilian legal problems continue.
U.S. Navy to Award Huge Satellite Contract Soon  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Navy will soon announce  whether Lockheed Martin Corp. or Raytheon Co. will build a \$6.4  billion communications system to beef up satellite services for  U.S. troops, the White House and State Department, a spokesman  said on Tuesday.
Briefly: Sun makes financial pitch roundup Plus: PeopleSoft-Oracle trial delayed...IBM, Boeing team up for defense work...TI touts combo chip with VoIP, Wi-Fi...ContextWeb nabs \$3 million.
PeopleSoft deepens ties with IBM The business applications maker will integrate its technology more closely with infrastructure software from Big Blue.
Sun makes financial pitch The server maker plans to hold a series of technical workshops  geared for developers that work at financial institutions.\
Verizon sets up Iobi Home The personal communications management service debuts in the north-eastern United States.
Health, financial firms top Working Mother #39;s 100-best list SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW) -- New efforts to promote health and a continued commitment to flexible scheduling helped employers make the cut on Working Mother magazine #39;s annual  quot;100 Best Companies for Working Mothers quot; list.
Tyco to Market Plug Power #39;s Generator Plug Power Inc., a maker of on-site power generation systems for commercial and residential dwellings, on Tuesday said Tyco Electronics Power Systems Inc.
Sony #39;s smaller PS2 takes aim at Nintendo In what #39;s shaping up to be an all-out war with Nintendo, Sony went on the offensive for the holiday-shopping season Tuesday, announcing that it will release a smaller version of its PlayStation 2 console in the United States on Nov. 1.
New Mobile Athlon 64 Guns for Centrino  quot;Thin and light quot; is the order of the day in enterprise mobile computing, and road warriors have had the benefit of Intel #39;s Centrino platform, which has allowed for some featherweight notebook offerings of late.
 #39;I #39;m 100 Percent Innocent #39;, Says Hamilton Olympic champion Tyler Hamilton said on Tuesday he was  quot;100 percent innocent quot; as the Phonak rider responded to testing positive for blood transfusions.
Cricket: England beat Australia England put on a fantastic display of cricket to beat world champs Australia to the Champions Trophy final. Team skipper Michael Vaughan was named man of the match as England crushed Australia by six wickets.
A look around Conference USA The postponement of two games combined with several enigmatic performances by rumored contenders only served to muddle the Conference USA title picture heading into Week 4. Fortunately, the 
Breaking down the Big 12 North Like wide-open races? You #39;ll love the Big 12 North. Here #39;s a quick morning line of the Big 12 North as it opens conference play this weekend.
Bush returns to UN to ask for help in Iraq as bloodshed threatens &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; UNITED NATIONS (CP) - An unapologetic President George W. Bush, who threw the United Nations into angry upheaval last year by attacking Iraq without its approval, returned Tuesday to ask for more help in the chaotic country.
Collection of Nazi-Era Arms Opens BERLIN Sept. 21, 2004 - The billionaire heir of a Nazi-era arms supplier has put his massive art collection on show amid accusations that he is trying to rehabilitate the family name and downplay the use of slave labor by his grandfather #39;s company.
Vikings Likely Lose Rosenthal for Year (AP) AP - Minnesota Vikings right tackle Mike Rosenthal is likely out for the season with an injury to his right foot.
NBA Jazz to retire Stockton's number (AFP) AFP - The National Basketball Association's Utah Jazz will retire the jersey number of retired star guard John Stockton, the club announced.
Mexican Government to Receive Dalai Lama (AP) AP - Mexico's government will greet the Dalai Lama as a religious leader  #151; not as a politician  #151; a top official said Tuesday.
PeopleSoft Defies Oracle Ties Up with IBM (Reuters) Reuters - PeopleSoft Inc. will push ahead\with a new marketing alliance and other initiatives in the face\of a court ruling that raises the chance that Oracle Corp.'s\ #36;7.7-billion hostile takeover bid could succeed, PeopleSoft's\chief executive said on Tuesday.
Fed Raises Rates for Third Time This Year  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Federal Reserve on Tuesday  raised interest rates for the third time this year by a quarter  of a percentage point and said the economy was regaining some  momentum, signaling at least one more to come.
Indian Monsoon Seen Below Normal on El Nino Effect (Reuters) Reuters - India's monsoon is expected to be 12 to\14 percent below normal in the June-September season, mainly\because of an El Nino-like weather condition, a senior Indian\weather official said on Tuesday.
Forex: Dollar Falls After Fed Rate Hike  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The dollar extended its losses on  Tuesday after the Federal Reserve raised interest rates as  expected but signaled that both inflation and inflation  expectations were easing.
American Who Won Cycling Gold Denies Blood Transfusions Tyler Hamilton strongly denied today that he had used illegal performance-enhancing blood transfusions in Athens.
Navy to Award \$6.4 Bln Satellite Contract  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Navy will soon announce  whether Lockheed Martin Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=LMT.N qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;LMT.N&lt;/A&gt; or Raytheon Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=RTN.N qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;RTN.N&lt;/A&gt;  will build a \$6.4 billion communications system to beef up  satellite services for U.S. troops, the White House and State  Department, a spokesman said on Tuesday.
Caddying for my son at qualifying event was memorable experience Tiger Woods was so exhausted from the Ryder Cup that he withdrew from this week #39;s 84 Lumber Classic in the greater Pittsburgh area.
House Backs Crack Down on Video Voyeurs (AP) AP - Calling video voyeurism the new frontier of stalking, the House on Tuesday approved legislation to make it a crime to secretly photograph or videotape people, often for lascivious purposes.
Pentagon Blocks Access to Site for Overseas Voters (Reuters) Reuters - Some Americans overseas are being\denied access to a Pentagon-run Web site intended to make it\easier for them to vote by absentee ballot due to security\measures to thwart hackers, the Pentagon said on Tuesday.
S P: N.Y. State's Outlook Now Stable (Reuters) Reuters - New York State's outlook was switched\to stable from negative on Tuesday by Standard   Poor's Ratings\Services, which said that, despite future budget gaps, the\state economy was showing "modest" gains.
Jazz to Retire Stockton's Number  SALT LAKE CITY, (Sports Network) - The Jazz announced  Tuesday that the club will retire John Stockton's No. 12 on  November 22, 2004, when Utah hosts the New Orleans Hornets.
Heinz Kerry's Persona Offsets Kerry (AP) AP - They say that opposites attract, and in the case of Sen. John Kerry and Teresa Heinz Kerry, that may be true  #151; at least in their public personas.
Martha Stewart to Start Prison in October  NEW YORK (Reuters) - A federal judge on Tuesday ordered  homemaking icon Martha Stewart to report to prison in less than  three weeks to begin serving her five-month jail sentence for  lying about a suspicious stock sale.
Oil Breaks \$47 as Supply Worries Linger  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Oil prices hit a one month-high of \$47  a barrel on Tuesday as China showed no let-up in its strong  import growth and traders worried that U.S. petroleum  inventories had drawn down heavily due to Hurricane Ivan.
Indonesia poll cheers investors Jakarta stocks end on record highs as incoming results show Susilo Yudhoyono will be Indonesia's next leader.
Storm Floods Kill More Than 600 in Haiti GONAIVES, Haiti - The death toll across Haiti from the weekend deluges brought by Tropical Storm Jeanne was at 620, with some 500 of them in Gonaives, but officials said on Tuesday they expected to find more dead.    Blood swirled in knee-deep floodwaters as workers stacked bodies outside the hospital morgue...
Mexico Churches Wage High-Tech War on Cell Phones  MONTERREY, Mexico (Reuters) - Some Mexican churches are  using state-of-the-art technology developed by Israeli  electronic warfare experts to silence cell phones that ring  during mass, church officials said on Tuesday.
Jazz to retire Stockton #39;s number Salt Lake City, UT (Sports Network) - The Jazz announced Tuesday that the club will retire John Stockton #39;s No. 12 on November 22, 2004, when Utah hosts the New Orleans Hornets.
Video shows beheading of American hostage The militant group led by al-Qaida ally Abu Musab al-Zarqawi posted a gruesome video on a website yesterday showing the decapitation of a man identified as American civil engineer Eugene Armstrong, and said a second hostageeither an American or a Briton 
Colombian Faction Seeks Probe of Killing Paramilitary leaders demanded an investigation into the killing of one of their top commanders in an ambush, saying Tuesday that his slaying endangered the peace process with the government.
Briefly: Verizon sets up Iobi Home roundup Plus: Sun makes financial pitch...PeopleSoft-Oracle trial delayed...IBM, Boeing team up for defense work.
Samsung demos future memory chips It's getting harder to shrink chips, but Samsung has prototypes that show that the relentless pace of the industry continues.
PeopleSoft's Conway maintains defiant tone SAN FRANCISCO - With 15,000 attendees at PeopleSoft Inc.'s Connect user show waiting to hear how the company would address Oracle Corp.'s lingering hostile takeover bid, PeopleSoft Chief Executive Officer Craig Conway tackled the issue early in his opening keynote on Tuesday.
Update 3: Lucent Cuts Retirees #39; Health Benefits For the second time in a year, telecommunications equipment maker Lucent Technologies Inc. is reducing benefits promised to thousands of its retirees.
US Baseball: Twins Clinch AL Central Division Title The Minnesota Twins clinched their third straight American League Central Division title Monday, beating the Chicago White Sox, 8-2.
Seattle brothers held in killing Idaho football player MOSCOW, Idaho Two brothers from Seattle are jailed in Colfax as authorities investigate the fatal shooting of a University of Idaho football player in Moscow.
Second American hostage murder claimed as Bush appeals for help in &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; BAGHDAD : A group linked to suspected Al-Qaeda operative Abu Mussab al-Zarqawi claimed to have beheaded a second US hostage in Iraq, as US President George W. Bush defended the war in Iraq and asked for more foreign help in the country.
Indo-Pak talks: Do they offer any hope? India and Pakistani Foreign Ministers met in New Delhi for two days on September 5-6 to resolve outstanding bilateral disputes including the Kashmir dispute.
Mexico Churches Wage High-Tech War on Cell Phones (Reuters) Reuters - Some Mexican churches are\using state-of-the-art technology developed by Israeli\electronic warfare experts to silence cell phones that ring\during mass, church officials said on Tuesday.
Russia calls on North Korea to resume nuclear talks (AFP) AFP - Russia called on North Korea to resume talks on abandoning its nuclear weapons program, at the same time as it signed a multi-billion-dollar package of trade and investment deals strengthening ties with South Korea.
Federal finance minister expecting 'significant increase' in revenues (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - CALGARY (CP) - The federal government is expecting a "significant increase" in revenues for the current fiscal year and next year, Finance Minister Ralph Goodale said Tuesday.
Forex: Dollar Falls After Fed Hike  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The dollar extended its losses on  Tuesday after the Federal Reserve raised interest rates as  expected but signaled that both inflation and inflation  expectations were easing.
China sees Germany in UN Security Council German Chancellor Gerhard Schroeder has a speech at the foundation ceremony of the new joint-venture factory of Sino-German Benz-Daimlerchrysler automobile manufacturer in the Economic Development Zone of Beijing in China #39;s capital.
Forex: Dollar Falls After Fed Hike The dollar extended its losses on Tuesday after the Federal Reserve raised interest rates as expected but signaled that both inflation and inflation expectations were easing.
OECD Forecasts Steady Economic Growth The OECD revised the growth projections for its major members. The growth of the US economy this year is likely to be 4.3 percent, instead of an earlier forecast of 4.7 percent, it said.
Update 5: Prosecutor Says Enron Cheated, Lied The first criminal trial involving former Enron Corp. executives  quot;is a case about cheating and lying quot; with Wall Street #39;s help, a prosecutor said Tuesday.
Sun woos Wall Street with pricing, features Before what appeared to be a receptive audience, Sun Microsystems Inc. Tuesday fired off a barrage of product promotions, upgrades and service announcements in an attempt to retake its traditional stronghold in the financial community in New York.
Goldman Profit Rises 30 on Bond Trading, Banking (Update5) Goldman Sachs Group Inc., the third- largest US securities firm, said profit rose 30 percent as fixed-income and commodities trading revenue increased by almost \$1 billion and fees from mergers advice climbed.
Council Approves Canadian Drug Plan Montgomery County (website - news) is a big step closer to shopping for prescription drugs north of the border. On a 7-2 vote, the County Council is approving a plan that would give county 
UPDATE 1-Fiat CEO says won #39;t delay GM put option again Fiat (FIA.MI: Quote, Profile, Research) does not plan to delay any further a contested option allowing it to sell car unit Fiat Auto to partner General Motors Corp 
Minn. governor pushes airport expansion Minnesota Gov. Tim Pawlenty has unveiled plans for a major expansion of Minneapolis-St. Paul International Airport that will add around 40,000 permanent jobs.
AOL To Offer RSA Security #39;s Password Protection com. As password breaking mischief by hackers, phishers, and spoofers continues to grow in the consumer-PC space, AOL, this week, will offer RSA Security Inc.
Ask Jeeves Gets Personal Ask Jeeves Inc. is getting personal with Web search and trying to leapfrog its bigger competitors in the process. The Emeryville, Calif.
Q amp;A: Cybertrust CEO describes new security company #39;s plans SEPTEMBER 21, 2004 (COMPUTERWORLD) - Betrusted Holdings Inc. in New York and TruSecure Corp. in Herndon, Va., are merging under an agreement announced yesterday to create a new security services company called Cybertrust Inc.
Study shows MP3 players entering mainstream society No longer confined to technology fans and those ahead of the curve, MP3 players are entering mainstream society as prices fall and general consumers get used to them.
GAO urges better oversight for air traffic system Federal Aviation Administration officials need more oversight of operational systems for the air traffic control system and should do a better job of implementing process improvement methods for information technology projects, congressional auditors said 
CRTC hearings explore need to regulate Internet voice services GATINEAU, Que. (CP) - Are Internet phone calls a new frontier or just a technological tweak for an old service? That was the question before the Canadian Radio-television and Telecommunications Commission 
Bernhard Langer may step down LONDON, Sept. 21. - When he departed Heathrow airport a week ago with his European Ryder Cup team, captain Bernhard Langer vowed to return with the 19-inch-high Ryder Cup Trophy.
Iran defies N-agency VIENNA, Sept. 21. - Shrugging off a 35-nation ultimatum, Iran today revealed that it had started converting tons of raw uranium as part of technology that could be used to make nuclear arms.
Jazz to Retire John Stockton's No. 12 (AP) AP - John Stockton's No. 12 will be retired by the Utah Jazz in November, honoring a point guard who spent his entire 19-year career with the team.
AOL Offers Added Security (PC World) PC World - Online giant teams up with RSA Security to keep users' account info safe.
Nations Lobby to Expand Security Council (AP) AP - Brazil's president called Tuesday for a U.N. Security Council that reflects "today's reality," ahead of a meeting with Japan, India and Germany to press for permanent seats on the powerful body.
Two Arrested in Death of Idaho Player (AP) AP - A University of Idaho football player was shot to death and police arrested two brothers from Seattle after a car chase that extended across two states.
Kerry Stakes Out Opposition Stance on War (AP) AP - President Bush and Sen. John Kerry are offering U.S. voters and the world two starkly different views on Iraq. The incumbent tells skeptical foreign leaders the war is part of a global fight on terror and "there is no safety in looking away." The challenger wants allies to help find a way out.
Kissinger Urges Caution on Intel Chief (AP) AP - Henry Kissinger warned Congress on Tuesday to slow down the creation of a new intelligence superboss and said he and other cold warriors think only deliberation would ensure the change won't hurt America's intelligence and security capabilities.
NHTSA Probes GM Minivan Door Injuries (AP) AP - Federal regulators are investigating General Motors Corp. minivans after getting reports that people have been injured by automatic sliding doors.
Claims for Gulf Environment Damage Exorbitant-Iraq (Reuters) Reuters - Iraq on Tuesday accused Kuwait and other\neighbors of inflating their already massive claims for\environmental damage due to its 1990 invasion and the Gulf War.
Genetic Testing Challenges Medical Ethics (AP) AP - Advances in genetic testing are placing strains on the principle of doctor-patient confidentiality, as doctors grapple with whether to tell a patient's relatives when the patient has an inherited disease or mutation that could afflict other members of the family.
Stewart to begin jail time by Oct. 8 Martha Stewart wants to do the jail time and a federal judge acquiesced on Tuesday, giving the home-making icon until Oct. 8 to report to prison.
AOL Boosts Security America Online will offer its users a new security system called  quot;AOL Passcode, quot; using SecurID, a token-authentication technology from RSA Security.
England finally ends dreary streak against Aussies Powered by Michael Vaughan #39;s 86, England ended its miserable run of 14 one-day losses to Australia with a six-wicket victory on Tuesday to reach the Champions Trophy final.
Lara: Let #39;s End on a High West Indies captain Brian Lara is calling on his battered troops to pull together and end the 2004 summer campaign on a high.  quot;We #39;ve got a break after this so what we #39;d like to do is end on a high.
Tampa Offense Remains Offensive It #39;s not hard to pinpoint the Tampa Bay Buccaneers #39; biggest problem as they are off to the NFC South #39;s only 0-2 start.
Group  #39;kills second US hostage #39; Militants in Iraq have killed the second of two US civilians they were holding hostage, according to a statement on an Islamist website.
Haitians Left in Devasting Wake of Jeanne Blood swirled in knee-deep floodwaters as workers stacked bodies outside the hospital morgue Tuesday. Carcasses of pigs, goats and dogs and pieces of smashed furniture floated 
UN Reports More Darfur Violence, Displaced Camps on Edge  KHARTOUM (Reuters) - African monitors will investigate  reports of attacks by both African rebels and Arab militias on  refugee camps and villages in Sudan's traumatized Darfur  region, the United Nations said on Tuesday.
Vikings Likely Lose Rosenthal for Year Minnesota Vikings right tackle Mike Rosenthal is likely out for the season with an injury to his right foot.
Stewart Ordered to Prison Within 3 Weeks NEW YORK - Martha Stewart must report to prison in less than three weeks, a federal judge ruled Tuesday in granting the celebrity homemaker's request to begin serving her sentence for lying about a stock sale. Her namesake company's stock surged 12 percent...
Airlines Told to Turn Over Passenger Data WASHINGTON - Everyone who took a commercial flight within the United States in June will have his travel information turned over to the government so it can test a new system for identifying potential terrorists, federal officials announced Tuesday.    The Transportation Security Administration plans to order airlines to turn over the information in November...
PeopleSoft #39;s Conway Glib About Oracle in Keynote SAN FRANCISCODuring his Connect keynote address at PeopleSoft Inc. #39;s user conference here on Tuesday, CEO Craig Conway pulled all the heartstringsincluding a round of applause for former PeopleSoft founder Dave Duffield, who was strategically 
AOL Offers Added Security America Online is teaming up with RSA Security in an effort to keep its users safe from online fraud and identity theft. RSA and AOL are announcing a new program called  quot;AOL PassCode quot; that will encourage AOL 
Time to take back good memories On Sunday evening, if you were in Birmingham, you couldn #39;t have missed the boisterous celebrations on the roads. And you couldn #39;t be blamed for thinking you were in Lahore or Delhi, not Birmingham.
Jazz retiring Stockton #39;s number John Stockton #39;s No. 12 will be retired by the Utah Jazz in November, honoring a point guard who spent his entire 19-year career with the team.
Seattle returns home after two huge road wins The road no longer looks so long to the Seattle Seahawks after wins on consecutive cross-country trips on which they logged nearly 10,000 miles.
Russian Officials Say Army Colonel Withdraws Pardon Request Russian officials say an army colonel convicted of killing a young Chechen woman has withdrawn his request for a pardon. Yury Budanov is serving a 10-year sentence for strangling an 18-year-old woman in 2000.
Revamped eMusic Targets Indie Market (AP) AP - Nearly a year since it was sold by Vivendi Universal to private investors, online retailer eMusic has undergone a facelift that includes a panel of music critics to help users comb its trove of independent music.
Belgian PM in Hospital After Car Accident -Agency (Reuters) Reuters - Belgian Prime Minister Guy Verhofstadt\was taken to hospital late on Tuesday after a car accident,\Belga news agency reported.
Housing Construction Highest in 5 Months (AP) AP - Housing construction in August surged to its highest level in five months, a dose of encouraging news for the economy's expansion.
Brazil, Germany, India, Japan make joint appeal for UN council seat (AFP) AFP - Brazil, Germany, India and Japan launched a joint bid for permanent seats on a reformed UN Security Council, saying in a statement that they backed each other's candidacies.
First game for AMD 64-bit chip emerges Atari first with game that takes advantage of features such as more realistic graphics. But OS to run it won't appear till 2005.
Feds order airlines to divulge passenger details The requirement is part of a trial run of a computer system that's supposed to ID terrorists before they can board the plane.
Q A: Cybertrust CEO describes new security company's plans John Becker, the CEO of newly formed Cybertrust Inc., talks about the company's plan to deliver a range of risk management services for enterprise users.
PeopleSoft CEO Conway maintains defiant tone At the company's Connect 2004 event today, PeopleSoft CEO Craig Conway maintained the defiant tone he has struck throughout Oracle's 15-month campaign to win control of the company.
Philly's citywide mesh Wi-Fi net will be challenge The city of Philadelphia plans to invest in a new wireless mesh network based on the Wi-Fi 802.11b standard, and officials hope to turn the 135-square-mile city into the world's largest wireless Internet hot spot.
HP forms new blade group HP has formed a new division within its Enterprise Storage and Servers Group designed to unify its blade system development efforts.
IBM, Boeing join forces to seek government IT contracts Through a 10-year alliance announced yesterday, the two companies will develop advanced digital communications and information technologies for current and future Department of Defense and intelligence systems.
Gates and Ballmer get pay raises Bill Gates, Microsoft's chairman and chief software architect, and Steve Ballmer, the software maker's CEO, each received a base salary of \$591,667 and a \$310,000 bonus for the 12-month period that ended June 30.
AOL, RSA, VeriSign push authentication services RSA Security and America Online hope to encourage AOL customers to better protect account information. And VeriSign is announcing a new service called Unified Authentication to reduce the cost of using one-time passwords or hardware smart cards.
Microsoft sets sights on disk-to-disk backup While some users applauded Microsoft's announcement of its Data Protection Server, others said proven storage backup vendors already have far more mature products.
Dell, Oracle offer server-database bundle Pursuing enterprise departments and smaller businesses, Oracle and Dell Computer are offering a package featuring a Dell PowerEdge server bundled with the Oracle Database10g Standard Edition One database and the Microsoft Windows Server 2003 operating system.
Sun woos Wall Street with pricing, features NEW YORK - Before what appeared to be a receptive audience, Sun Microsystems Inc. Tuesday fired off a barrage of product promotions, upgrades and service announcements in an attempt to retake its traditional stronghold in the financial community here in New York.
Gender literacy gap growing The gap between the reading and literacy achievements of primary school boys and girls continues to grow in New Zealand, according to a new report.
JP Morgan Chase CFO Dina Dublon Resigns JP Morgan Chase  amp; Co. on Tuesday shuffled top management at the firm which led to chief financial officer Dina Dublon resigning from the Wall Street giant and investment banking chairman David Coulter being reassigned to control West Coast operations.
Genetically altered grass spreads like wildfire New York -- A new study shows that genes from genetically engineered grass can spread much farther than previously known, a finding that raises questions about the straying of other plants altered through biotechnology.
Spanish bank expanding US presence A Spanish bank has reached an agreement to acquire Laredo National Bancshares Inc. for \$850 million. Laredo-based LNB, which has a branch in Austin at 5532 Manchaca Rd.
AMD enters the 90-nanometer zone With the economy slowly turning up, upgrading hardware has been on businesses radar in the past 12 months as their number two priority.
Sony Releases New Smaller PlayStation 2 It #39;ll cost about the same as the regular-sized PS 2 in the US and Europe. The smaller PlayStation 2 has all regular PlayStation 2 functions such as playing CDs and DVDs.
Global MP3 market to reach 58 billion US dollars by 2008 Worldwide market of compressed audio player, also known as MP3 player, is expected to reach nearly 58 billion US dollars in revenues by 2008, according a study released Tuesday by IDC.
US cyclist ensnared in doping scandal PARIS Tyler Hamilton, the American bicycle racer who won an Olympic gold medal in the time trial last month in Athens, strongly denied Tuesday that he had used illegal performance-enhancing blood transfusions there and in the major race in Spain.
TO and Eagles gather no Moss The much-hyped battle between two of the best wide receivers looked like a draw on paper, but it was Terrell Owens and the Philadelphia Eagles who were 
Makaay repeats his late goal show Roy Makaay struck in stoppage time for the second time in four days to give Bayern Munich a dramatic 3-2 second round German Cup win Tuesday at third division VfL Osnabruck.
Bush Urges World to Unite With Iraq UNITED NATIONS Sept. 21, 2004 - President Bush, defending his decision to invade Iraq, urged a vast assembly of world leaders Tuesday to stand united with the country #39;s struggling government and said the 
Turkey must reform courts, warns Barroso Pressure mounted on Turkey yesterday to push ahead with far-ranging legal reforms, as the incoming European Commission president, Jose Manuel Barroso, said that Ankara has not yet done enough to start talks on EU membership.
Search Engines Can Read Macromedia FLASH SDK Search Engines Can Read Macromedia FLASH SDK \\Macromedia has solved what was likely one of its biggest problems. As of this month, FLASH files (.SWF) can now be read and indexed by search engine spiders. Until now, the general rule was that spiders could not extract data from .SWF files. ...
Olympic Champ Hamilton Denies Wrongdoing (AP) AP - Olympic cycling champion Tyler Hamilton declared his innocence Tuesday while awaiting results of backup tests for possible blood doping that could cost him the gold medal.
Mickelson's Great Year Ending on Sour Note (AP) AP - Phil Mickelson has a green jacket in his closet to remind him this has been a great year. It just might not seem that way right now.
Biotech Grass Breeding Raises Concerns (AP) AP - Pollen from genetically engineered grass floated more than 12 miles from experimental plots and bred with conventional plants, raising concerns that the biotechnology industry can't control the "gene flow" of its creations.
The check #39;s in the syringe The New York Yankees, who make enough money to know better, want the rest of Jason Giambi #39;s contract voided because he admitted to using what can fairly be called a cornucopia of pharmaceuticals.
Belgian PM in Hospital After Car Overturns -Agency  BRUSSELS (Reuters) - Belgian Prime Minister Guy Verhofstadt  was being treated in hospital late on Tuesday after an accident  in which his car overturned, but his life was not in danger,  Belga news agency reported.
Even in eager Kosovo, nation-building stalls Five years after 'liberation,' UN officials are again working on a plan for the political status of the province.
Gaza settlers weigh price of withdrawal Israel agreed last week to pay settlers in the Gaza Strip who voluntarily leave up to \$500,000.
How will Turkey respond to growing rebel violence? Next month the European Union will hear a progress report on Turkish membership.
PLAYERS MUST PROVE THEMSELVES - CURBS Alan Curbishley has warned his Charlton squad that reputation and past achievements play no part in his team selection. One of Curbishley #39;s highest-profile signings - Denmark winger Dennis Rommedahl - stepped 
Haitians Left in Devasting Wake of Jeanne The death toll across Haiti from the weekend deluges brought by Tropical Storm Jeanne was at 620, with some 500 of them in Gonaives, but officials said they expected to find more dead.
Government opens first Enron trial HOUSTON Six former Enron and Merrill Lynch executives were accused Tuesday by a US prosecutor of disguising a \$7 million loan as a sale of energy-producing barges to  quot;help Enron out of a jam.
OECD offering a brighter global outlook PARIS The Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development raised its 2004 growth outlook Tuesday for the world economy, forecasting further expansion in Europe and a robust upturn in Japan that would outpace the United States for the first time in 
EU ready to approve Alitalia #39;s rescue plan BRUSSELS A four-year plan to rescue Alitalia will get the approval of the European Commission, as long as it does not bank on any new money from the Italian government, the commission said Tuesday.
PeopleSoft Moves Ahead, Unveiling Major IBM Alliance Joint work with IBM is part of strategy to deliver apps that let customers use Web services to build adaptable service-oriented architectures.
Update 2: JP Morgan Chase Reshuffles Top Management JP Morgan Chase  amp; Co. on Tuesday shuffled top management at the firm which led to chief financial officer Dina Dublon resigning from the Wall Street giant and investment banking chairman David Coulter being reassigned to control West Coast operations.
Night flights fuel dispute BRUSSELS The Belgian government struggled Tuesday to settle a dispute over a proposed increase in night flights over Brussels, a problem that could cost the country thousands of jobs with the international shipper DHL.
Spanish bank expands in US south Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, the No.2 Spanish bank, agreed Tuesday to buy Laredo National Bancshares for \$850 million to gain more customers in the US Southwest.
SOCCER: Ferdinand back but Silvestre shines ALL eyes were on Rio Ferdinand as he returned to Old Trafford yesterday after an eight-match ban for missing a drugs test. However it was his central defensive partner Mikael Silvestre who stole the show with 
Vandals struggle to cope with shooting of player University of Idaho football players will wear a decal with the initials of slain teammate Eric McMillan on their helmets when they play at Oregon on Saturday, coach Nick Holt said Tuesday.
Israel trade unions call general strike for Tuesday JERUSALEM: Israel #39;s Histadrut trade union confederation has called a general strike for Tuesday which is expected to paralyze banks in addition to the entire public sector, army radio reported.
Canon debuts new professional SLR, Digital ELPHs Canon today introduced its new stylish five-megapixel PowerShot SD20 Digital ELPH cameras in four new colors, new thinner SD300/SD400 PowerShot cameras with 3x optical zoom, and its highest resolution 16.
A9.com, advancing search On Wednesday, e-commerce giant Amazon.com officially launched its new A9.com search engine, with which it steps right into the battle for the Internet search market currently dominated by Google, with Yahoo!
Vols lose top linebacker for season with injury Tennessee coach Phillip Fulmer compared losing linebacker Kevin Simon to a knee injury this week to the loss of tailback Jamal Lewis in 1998.
Keeping India and Pakistan on track WASHINGTON More than a year ago, India extended a  quot;hand of friendship quot; to Pakistan. Pakistan reciprocated and today, nine months later, the two sides are still talking.
Marseille #39;s European Cup winning  #39;Sorcerer #39; dies The Belgian won the 1993 European Cup with French side Marseille - the only time a side from France has captured European club football #39;s premier trophy - and the 1978 Cup Winners Cup with Belgian giants Anderlecht.
Fed Raises Rates for Third Time This Year  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Federal Reserve on Tuesday  raised interest rates for the third time this year by a quarter  of a percentage point and said the economy was regaining  momentum, signaling at least one more to come.
Stocks Gain After Fed Raises Rates  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks rose on Tuesday after the  Federal Reserve said the economy was regaining some momentum  and raised interest rates for the third time this year.
Feds: Cigarette Makers Lied for 50 Years  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Cigarette makers lied and tried to  confuse the public about the dangers of smoking for 50 years,  the U.S. government said on Tuesday as its \$280 billion case  against the industry went to trial.
Disney Aims to Find Eisner Successor  LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - The Walt Disney Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=DIS.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;DIS.N&lt;/A&gt; board  of directors on Tuesday said it expected to find a chief  executive to succeed Michael Eisner by next June and would  consider both outside executives and Disney President and Chief  Operating Officer Bob Iger for the position.
Goldman, Lehman Post Strong Results  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Investment bank stocks rose strongly  Tuesday after Goldman Sachs Group Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=GS.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;GS.N&lt;/A&gt; and Lehman  Brothers Holding Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=LEH.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;LEH.N&lt;/A&gt; reported surprisingly strong  third-quarter results, indicating that sluggish market  conditions this summer did not dent Wall Street earnings.
PeopleSoft Defies Oracle Bid, Pursues IBM  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - PeopleSoft Inc. will push ahead  with a new marketing alliance with IBM and other initiatives  despite a recent court ruling that bolstered Oracle Corp.'s  \$7.7-billion hostile bid to acquire the company, PeopleSoft's  CEO said on Tuesday.
JPMorgan Chase To Shuffle Management; Financial Chief To Leave NEW YORK -(Dow Jones)- JPMorgan Chase  amp; Co.  #39;s (JPM) chief financial officer, Dina Dublon, will resign at the end of the year and be replaced by Michael Cavanagh , currently head of middle market banking.
Christopher  amp; Banks 2Q Earnings Fall Women #39;s apparel retailer Christopher  amp; Banks Corp. said Tuesday that second-quarter earnings fell 34 percent as it awaits the benefit of merchandise changes that are expected to help results later this year.
Sun Woos Financial Customers on Wall Street NEW YORK -- Sun Microsystems (Quote, Chart) President and COO Jonathan Schwartz declared war on Red Hat Linux on Intel-based x86 machines in an attempt to woo financial services customers.
Spanish bank acquiring Laredo National Bank The second largest bank in Spain is buying Laredo National Bancshares Inc. for \$850 million, according to published reports. Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria SA will acquire the parent company of Laredo National Bank for \$850 million.
GM to Extend Interest-Free Loan Incentives-Dealers General Motors Corp. will offer its broadest and longest spread of interest-free loans later this month when it holds a three-day sale to clear inventories of 2004 model-year vehicles, dealers said on Tuesday.
Building a secure web of Cybertrust IN a twist of the ongoing consolidation in information security, leading players Betrusted and TruSecure are to merge. The merger will lead to the formation of Cybertrust -- a large privately held info-sec 
Charles Arthur On Technology It #39;s an ill wind, as they say. If you believe the word on the anti-spam lists, Hurricanes Charley, Frances and Ivan have all disrupted one of Florida #39;s major internet businesses: spamming.
Canon Rolls Out Digicams, Photo Printer Canon USA is introducing a portfolio of new digital photography products, including three PowerShot cameras, a 16.7-megapixel digital single lens reflex model aimed at professionals, and a budget inkjet photo printer.
IDC: MP3 market  #39;booming #39; Market research firm IDC on Tuesday reported that broad consumer acceptance of MP3 players is expected to grow the market from 12.
England beat Aussies to make final England have beaten world champions Australia in their ICC Champions Trophy semi-final at Edgbaston. It was England #39;s first one-day international win over their fiercest rivals for more than five years.
Football: Dynamo Kiev Given Forfeit Victory Over AS Roma The European Football Union has given Dynamo Kiev a 3-0 forfeit victory and ordered the Italian club AS Roma to play two games in empty stadiums after a fan injured a Swedish referee during a Champions #39; League match.
Maradona returns to Cuba for treatment Fallen football legend Diego Maradona has returned to Cuba to resume treatment for cocaine addiction after a relapse confined him to a psychiatric hospital in his native Argentine and sparked unsuccessful attempts by his family to keep him at home.
Jets: Cowart will miss two to four weeks Middle linebacker Sam Cowart, injured just before halftime of the Jets #39; 34-28 victory over San Diego on Sunday, had an MRI of the sprained medial collateral ligament in 
Colchester 2-1 West Brom: FT Report Substitute Ben May hit the extra-time winner as Colchester dumped Barclays Premiership side West Brom out of the Carling Cup in a 2-1 victory at Layer Road.
An Early Exit from Iraq? The distinction between what politicians say on the campaign trail and what they really believe is well illustrated by the current Kerry-Bush skirmishing on Iraq: If either man really believes some of the things he #39;s saying, we #39;re in worse shape than we 
WILL PUTIN PARDON BUDANOV? Governor of the Ulyanovsk Region General Vladimir Shamanov, former commander of the 58th Caucasian Army, has signed an appeal for a pardon of his former subordinate, Colonel Yuri Budanov.
Turkish firm pulls out of Iraq Turkish construction company Vinsan said last night that it was halting operations in Iraq in a bid to save the lives of 10 employees kidnapped by militants.
Gaza settlers challenge withdrawal plan Israeli settlers opposed to Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s Gaza withdrawal plan have filed a lawsuit in the Supreme Court, saying the government #39;s offer of cash advances to settlers willing to leave their homes is illegal.
Priest on trial over killing of 2000 Rwandans A PRIEST accused of bulldozing more than 2000 Tutsi villagers to death as they sought sanctuary in his church during Rwanda #39;s 1994 genocide has gone on trial before a United Nations court charged with crimes against humanity.
US Interest Rates Boosted for Third Straight Month The US central bank, the Federal Reserve, Tuesday raised short term interest rates for the third time in as many months. The central bank believes the economy has absorbed the sharp rise in energy prices that occurred earlier this year.
Four mutual fund companies cited for improper trade: OSC spots &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; TORONTO (CP) - Canada #39;s entire mutual-fund industry faces short-term pain but could reap longer-term gain, observers said Tuesday after the news that four prominent fund companies face  quot;potential enforcement proceedings quot; for improper trading.