AU Says Sudan Launches New Attacks on Darfuris (Reuters) Reuters - Nigerian President and African Union (AU)\chairman Olusegun Obasanjo said Monday AU cease-fire monitors\had confirmed Darfur rebel reports that the Sudan government\launched fresh attacks on civilians last week.
Stocks Drift Down in Ultra-Light Volume  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks slid lower in ultra-light  volume on Monday, as security concerns surrounding the  Republican convention in New York kept investors on the  sidelines.
Athens Waves Goodbye After 'Dream' Games  ATHENS (Reuters) - Hundreds of thousands of athletes,  officials and visitors waved goodbye to Athens in a  post-Olympics exodus on Monday, leaving city officials to probe  a doping scandal that tarnished an otherwise dream Games.
Intel to make chips with 65nm process technology Intel, world #39;s largest chip maker, faced product delays and recalls throughout this year, but it seems that Intel has gotten their act together to produce 65nm chips in the near future.
New Orion workstation puts cluster in a box AUGUST 30, 2004 (IDG NEWS SERVICE) - A new company thinks it has the answer for scientists and engineers looking for high-performance computing on the desktop.
CIOs Cheerier About Future Spending CIOs surveyed by Forrester Research are more confident than they were earlier in the year, and expect IT spending to grow by 7 next year.
Britain seeking support to stop stem cell ban LONDON - Britain #39;s leading scientific institution said yesterday it is calling for support from other countries to stop a possible ban on stem cell research as part of a global treaty to ban human cloning.
San Francisco sues Microsoft Despite numerous out-of-court settlements with various state governments around the country, it appears Microsoft #39;s legal woes aren #39;t over yet.
Circuit City Switching From T-Mobile To Verizon Circuit City is phasing out the sale of T-Mobile wireless service as it prepares to focus on launch of Verizon Wireless stores within its own walls.
Data Center Markup Language finds home in OASIS A proposed standard to enable integration, automation and better management of data center components this week will begin development under the direction of a new standards 
Supreme Court Asked to Rule on Cable-Modem Classification The federal government on Friday asked the US Supreme Court to review a court ruling which found the FCC improperly classified cable-modem service, a subject of interest to Internet service providers seeking access to the broadband networks controlled by 
FrontBridge Acquires MessageRite for Message Archiving FrontBridge Technologies today announced the acquisition of MessageRite to broaden the company #39;s service portfolio to include e-mail and instant message archiving.
Novell Consolidates Business Units Novell is consolidating operations in an effort to remove overlap between its four business units. The Waltham, Mass.-based software vendor is folding its Nterprise and SuSE Linux operations into a single 
Caller ID: Do you really know who #39;s calling? This week, a company is launching technology that will make it possible for someone to choose what appears on phones that have Caller ID, the feature for displaying identifying information about an incoming call.
Computers Add Sophistication, but Don #39;t Resolve Climate Debate hen the Bush administration issued an update last week on federal climate research, it was criticized with equal vigor by environmentalists and by industry-backed groups.
Greenland #39;s ice tells of past climates, maybe ancient life Plant material and pink ice found at the bottom of the ice sheet under this wind-swept camp could give scientists an unprecedented look at life that #39;s 
Court Slaps Wireless Spammer A federal judge has ordered a permanent injunction against a Rhode Island man after he allegedly sent millions of unsolicited short text messages to Verizon Wireless customers.
The Apple iPod - now from Hewlett-Packard HEWLETT-PACKARD unveiled its own version of the iPod portable music player, showing the fruits of a groundbreaking partnership it had previously announced with Apple Computer.
Yakubu #39;s hat-trick settles thriller Yakubu Ayegbeni claimed the first hat-trick of the Premiership season as Portsmouth got the better of a remarkable seven-goal battle at Fratton Park last night.
Character the trump card for Europeans From the incorrigible Colin Montgomerie to the exuberant Sergio Garcia, the 12 Europeans will spark one another off long before the match gets under way.
Schumacher dynasty rolls on after historic seventh Formula One &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Though an unprecedented seventh season title was conceded to him months ago, the German finally made it official. And he didn #39;t even have to win to do it.
MLB Wrap: Borchard #39;s Blast Helps White Sox Edge Phillies Joe Borchard cracked the longest home run in the history of Chicago #39;s US Cellular Field to help the White Sox defeat the Philadelphia Phillies 9-8 in an interleague game on Monday.
UN: Origin of Libya Nuke Info Unclear VIENNA, Austria Aug. 30, 2004 - Some nuclear technology ordered by Libya for its former weapons program is missing, while the origin of other material is unclear, the UN nuclear watchdog said Monday, raising 
Howard, Latham shrug off poll BOTH Prime Minister John Howard and Opposition Leader Mark Latham today played down new poll results which showed the Government clawing back some of Labor #39;s lead.
Attack on Hasina gets a worried Delhi to tell Dhaka: we can help &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; NEW DELHI, AUGUST 30: India has formally offered Bangladesh help in investigating the assassination attempt on former Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina some 10 days ago, in which 20 people, including grassroots leaders of her Awami League party, and nearly 200 
Carnival clings to its soul despite the doubters The doom-mongers may complain that commercial pressures and a growing reluctance to annoy the posh neighbours are stealing the soul of the Notting Hill Carnival.
OPEC promises to add output to calm nerves JAKARTA OPEC is doing all it can to stabilize the world oil market and will increase spare output capacity by about one million barrels per day in the next few months, the cartel #39;s president said Monday.
Japan court lets banks discuss deal TOKYO Japan #39;s highest court on Monday removed the last major legal hurdle to efforts by Mitsubishi Tokyo Financial Group to take over UFJ Holdings, a deal that would create the world #39;s largest bank.
Kawasaki, Others Win Bid for Chinese Bullet Train Project The Chinese Railway Ministry #39;s project with an estimated contract value of 100 billion yen aims to double the speed of trains on five major existing railway lines, stretching over 
Interstate Bakeries Not Mulling Bankruptcy Interstate Bakeries, the maker of Wonder Bread, Hostess Twinkies and other baked goods, denied conjecture that it would be filing for bankruptcy.
WTO rejects a US appeal GENEVA The top court of the World Trade Organization on Monday dismissed a US appeal of an April decision that Canada #39;s Wheat Board met international rules, undermining the Bush administration #39;s efforts to dismantle the Canadian agency.
US Airways, Pilots Union to Resume Concession Talks (Update3) US Airways Group Inc. and its pilots union plan to resume talks on \$295 million in pay and benefit cuts the carrier needs to help avoid a second bankruptcy filing, after each side made a proposal over the weekend.
Stocks Fall on Security, Earnings Worries US stocks fell in extremely thin volume on Monday as security concerns surrounding the Republican convention in New York and worries about an update from technology bellwether Intel Corp.
BMW Sees Strong Industry Sales Growth Passenger vehicle sales should strengthen nearly 20 percent by the end of the decade to about 70 million vehicles annually, spurred by growth not only in developing markets 
Alitalia unions force new talks with carrier Alitalia said Monday that it would meet with union representatives after nine labor groups demanded that the airline tell them its strategic and organizational plans, and called for government intervention in further talks.
Names in the Game Dressed in jeans and a white shirt, the men #39;s all-around champion in Athens appeared relaxed as he helped promote a 14-city gymnastics exhibition tour that kicks off at the Mohegan Sun Casino on Tuesday.
Dell expands SMB desktop services Dell Inc. introduced on Monday a new suite of desktop support services for small and medium size businesses (SMBs) designed for companies with overstretched IT staffs.
Black awaits Breeden verdict Fresh allegations against former Daily Telegraph tycoon Conrad Black are expected to emerge from the courtroom filing of a long-awaited investigation into his stewardship of the newspaper empire Hollinger International.
Kerry says expand Fannie, Freddie housing focus US Democratic presidential candidate Sen. John Kerry said he would expand the low-income housing focus of mortgage finance companies Fannie Mae and Freddie 
Schiavone starts off Open with victory Sixteenth-seeded Francesca Schiavone of Italy recorded the first victory at the US Open on Monday, beating Klara Koukalova of the Czech Republic 6-1, 6-3 as the final Grand Slam began under gray, cloudy skies.
California Cities, Counties Sue Microsoft Several California cities and counties, are accusing Microsoft of illegally charging inflated prices for its products because of monopoly control of the PC operating system market.
Deep in the Arctic, clues on warming PROVIDENCE, RI - Scientists believe a 50-million-year record of the Earth #39;s climate lies in an underwater mountain chain in the ice-clogged waters near the North Pole.
FrontBridge Announces Acquisition, Partnership FrontBridge Technologies of Marina Del Rey, Calif., today revealed an acquisition and a partnership to enhance its hosted service offerings for message management and regulatory compliance.
Madman nearly ruins glorious Olympics ATHENS - These were the Olympics protected by Nato and never a shot was fired. Yet on the last day, the last event, one sick individual, a lapsed Irish priest, molested an athlete and broke the sacrosanct 
Venables favourite to replace Robson Newcastle United are considering an approach to Terry Venables to become their manager to work alongside Alan Shearer until the end of the season following the abrupt sacking of Sir Bobby Robson yesterday.
Piazza wants Mets to declare his position Mike Piazza wants the New York Mets to get him out of a situation that #39;s been difficult to deal with. For much of this season, he didn #39;t know whether he #39;d be at catcher or first 
Dr Qadeer-linked nuclear market: IAEA seeks Libyas help VIENNA: The International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) praised Libya on Monday for cooperation in reporting on its dismantled nuclear programme but said critical questions remained as to whether Tripoli had given copies of nuclear weapons designs to 
No Acclaim for Accredo The specialty pharmacy company announced on Monday that falling reimbursements will significantly weaken its 2005 earnings. The warning comes just weeks after investors learned that Accredo could soon lose 
China emerges as number two Olympic nation ATHENS, Aug 30 (AFP): China emerged as the world #39;s second most powerful sporting nation at the Athens Olympics as it achieved its best-ever medal haul and set the perfect foundations for a glorious showing when Beijing hosts the 2008 Games.
Give back the gold If something looks too good to be true, it probably is. That seems to be the case with US gymnast Paul Hamm #39;s miraculous gold-medal win at the Athens Olympics.
Intel makes tiny breakthrough CONTRADICTING fears that the semiconductor industry #39;s pace of development is slowing, Intel has achieved a milestone in shrinking the size of transistors that will power next-generation chips.
Verizon Wireless makes Circuit City deal Verizon Wireless of Bedminster, NJ, announced a partnership with Circuit City Stores Inc. of Richmond, Va., to create Verizon Wireless shops in 570 of its Circuit City superstores.
Microsoft takes on iTunes The iPod is not  quot;compatible with only iTunes music and vice-versa quot;. You can rip music from any CD you own and any CD you buy through iTunes and load them onto the iPod.
Kidnappers Extend Deadline for French Hostages Militants holding two French journalists hostage in Iraq gave France another 24 hours on Monday to revoke its ban on Muslim headscarves in schools, Al Jazeera reported.
Making Money From Moore #39;s Law As most have heard by now, Intel (Nasdaq: INTC) founder Gordon Moore famously predicted in the 1960s that the number of transistors on a chip would roughly double every two years.
Accredo Cuts  #39;05 Forecast, Stock Plummets Accredo Health Inc. (ACDO), which provides pharmacy and treatment services for patients with chronic illnesses, on Monday slashed its profit forecast due to lower reimbursements from government 
Trojans give a quick hook to longtime coach Southern Cal fired Henry Bibby as coach Monday just four games into his ninth season. Athletic director Mike Garrett said he realized the timing was unusual but cited the Trojans #39; losing record in recent seasons.
Windows Plan Scaled Back Microsoft portrayed its Longhorn decision as a necessary winnowing to hit the 2006 timetable. The announcement on Friday, Microsoft executives insisted, did not point to a setback in software 
Sony Sends Its Robots to School Sony will lend one of its five Qrio public relations robots to schools in Japan, India, and Vietnam to stimulate children #39;s curiosity in science and technology, the company says.
Bad Scoring and Slights at the Olympics Michael Wilbon is wrong Sports, Aug. 22. Paul Hamm should turn in his gold medal, which he did not earn. The judges #39; clerical error had no effect on how Paul Hamm or Yang Tae Young performed, and the correction can be made after the fact.
Dollar Sinks to New Lifetime Low Vs. Euro  LONDON (Reuters) - The dollar sank to a new lifetime low  against the euro on Tuesday after a warning by European  officials on the euro's rise went unheeded by investors  determined to dump the U.S. currency.
NASA Expects Shuttle Flights by the Spring Although still more work needs to be done, NASA officials said Monday that they were close to meeting all safety requirements for getting space shuttles flying again by the spring.
Student #39;s sea-energy device wins \$100,000 Encinitas high school student Aaron Goldin has parlayed some old appliance parts plucked from his garage into a \$100,000 college scholarship, the top prize in one of the country #39;s most prestigious science and math competitions.
Soccer: Moyes mum on Rooney transfer to Man Utd MANCHESTER : With just a day before the transfer window closes, Everton manager David Moyes kept mum on the chances of striker Wayne Rooney signing for Manchester United.
Opinion poll boost for Australian PM An Australian opinion poll has indicated a rise in support for the governing coalition led by Prime Minister John Howard. But two days in to the six-week election campaign the main opposition Labor Party headed 
Alitalia headed for bankruptcy within a month: board ROME : The Italian airline Alitalia warned that it was headed for bankruptcy within a month, as the government appealed to unions and the company management to strike a deal to save the struggling carrier.
Dell Launches Help-Desk Service For Smaller Businesses PC Workspace Services initially will serve businesses with 500 or more employees and eventually will work with smaller companies. By Kevin Ferguson, SmallBiz Pipeline.
Freddie, Fannie may get competition soon The Federal Home Loan Bank of Seattle wants permission to buy mortgage-backed securities from the financial institutions that own it.
Longhorn Delay Stirs Dismay, Delight in Developers Developer reaction to Microsoft #39;s decision to hold off on delivering planned parts of the next release of Windows Longhorn to meet the 2006 deadline has been mixed, with many calling it a prudent move and others outright upset by the decision.
Orion launches desktop cluster workstations Orion Multisystems, a start-up company based in Santa Clara, California, announced personal computers for researchers, scientists, and engineers yesterday.
Survey: IT spending to grow modestly next year IT spending is forecast to grow in the high single-digits next year and remain on that pace through 2008, according to two reports released Monday by Forrester Research.
DCML And Oasis Team To Boost Data-Center Interoperability DCML proponents hope that joining Oasis will help the standard cross a major barrier in adoption of its data-center standards--the inclusion of major server and operating system vendors.
Novell creates new management posts Novell, a new entrant into the Linux market, has promoted two executives in a management change that consolidates four business units into two.
Hewitt feels invincible A FIRED-UP Lleyton Hewitt is charging into the first round of the US Open on the back of another tournament win yesterday. After a 6-3 6-1 victory against Peruvian Luis Horna in the TD Waterhouse Cup final 
Afghan Bombings Prompt US Travel Alert, Condemnation by Annan The US issued a travel alert for its citizens in Afghanistan after weekend bombings that killed at least 19 people in the capital, Kabul, and in Paktia province.
Palestinian dreams of  #39;Superstar #39;-dom fall short There was deep disappointment in the West Bank and Gaza Strip on Monday after Palestinian singer Amar Hassan lost in a contest for the Arab world #39;s best amateur singer.
The Milosevic trial is doing its job BELGRADE Expect some fireworks Tuesday when Slobodan Milosevic takes up his own defense at the war crimes tribunal in The Hague. Over the last few years, as the prosecution presented evidence that the former 
Start-Up Offers Low-Power 'Personal Supercomputers' (Reuters) Reuters - Lower electrical power consumption,\not just greater data processing oomph, will help a new class\of desktop supercomputers unveiled on Monday turn conventional\industry logic on its head, its designers say.
White Sox Nip Phillies 9-8 (AP) AP - Timo Perez bunted in the go-ahead run and Joe Borchard hit the longest homer in U.S. Cellular Field history Monday to help the Chicago White Sox defeat the Philadelphia Phillies 9-8.
Global Arms Sales Drop Again, Asia Biggest Market (Reuters) Reuters - Global arms sales fell for a third\consecutive year in 2003, dropping to  #36;25.6 billion from a peak\of  #36;41 billion in 2000, and Asia has overtaken the Middle East\as the biggest customer, according to a study released on\Monday.
Injured Vikings Back to Miss Season Opener (AP) AP - Running back Michael Bennett will miss the Minnesota Vikings' regular season opener Sept. 12 against Dallas with a right knee sprain and could be out longer.
Brunell to Start Opener for Redskins (AP) AP - As expected, Joe Gibbs went with the veteran quarterback.
French Hostage Seeks End to Head Scarf Ban (AP) AP - Two French journalists held hostage by Islamic militants in Iraq appealed late Monday for their countrymen and president to save their lives by giving in to their captors' demand to rescind a ban on Muslim head scarves in French schools.
Web Turns 35, but Still Work in Progress (AP) AP - Thirty-five years after computer scientists at UCLA linked two bulky computers using a 15-foot gray cable, testing a new way for exchanging data over networks, what would ultimately become the Internet remains a work in progress.
Handheld Computers Aid Convention Security (AP) AP - Submachine gun, check. Semiautomatic pistol, check. Personal digital assistant, check.
Correction: Spam-Lawsuit Story (AP) AP - In an Aug. 29 story about a permanent injunction against a Rhode Island man who sent unsolicited text messages to Verizon Wireless cell phone customers, The Associated Press erroneously reported the date of the federal court action. The injunction was granted Aug. 23, not Aug. 27.
Former UConn Aide Pleads in Sex Case (AP) AP - The Connecticut assistant men's basketball coach who resigned after being arrested in a prostitution sting agreed Monday to perform 10 days of community service and undergo counseling.
Longhorn Delay Stirs Dismay, Delight in Developers (Ziff Davis) Ziff Davis - While many applaud the timely release of Avalon and Indigo and Microsoft's decision to "stop dreaming and wake up," others warn the company that it is eroding its credibility and letting Linux make usability gains.
Toronto couple wins third-largest jackpot in Canadian history and retires (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - TORONTO (CP) - Tze-Lam Chan will be doing Tuesday morning what every worker dreams of: calling his boss to tell him he's quitting after winning the  #36;26.8-million jackpot in the Super 7 lottery.
McAfee Beefs Up VirusScan Security (PC World) PC World - Updated antivirus software for businesses adds intrusion prevention features.
Australia Has Terror Worries for Election (AP) AP - Prime Minister John Howard's government warned that Australia could become a terrorist target during a six-week election campaign that began Monday, with the war on terror and the nation's troop deployment in Iraq already taking center stage.
IBM Asks Court to Block Gypsies' Lawsuit (AP) AP - Computer giant IBM said Monday it had asked Switzerland's highest court to block a lawsuit by Gypsies claiming the company's punch-card machines helped the Nazis more efficiently commit mass murder.
Microsoft Taking on Apple's Music Store (AP) AP - Microsoft Corp., hoping to take a bite out of Apple Computer Inc.'s highly popular online music service, is gearing up to launch its own Web site for selling songs over the Internet.
Comfortable Starts for Federer and Mauresmo at Open  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Roger Federer launched his campaign  for a third grand slam title of the year on Monday as the U.S.  Open began under cloudy skies at Flushing Meadows.
Athens Waves Goodbye After 'Dream' Games  ATHENS (Reuters) - Hundreds of thousands of athletes,  officials and visitors waved goodbye to Athens in a  post-Olympics exodus Monday, leaving city officials to probe a  doping scandal that tarnished an otherwise dream Games.
Stocks Fall on Security, Earnings Worries  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks fell in extremely thin  volume on Monday as security concerns surrounding the  Republican convention in New York and worries about an update  from technology bellwether Intel Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=INTC.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;INTC.O&lt;/A&gt; this week kept  investors on the sidelines.
Edwards Accuses Bush of Failed Leadership (AP) AP - Democratic vice presidential candidate John Edwards said Monday the Bush administration's military actions in Iraq and Afghanistan have alienated allies and increased the threat from terrorism instead of reducing it.
Not the Next Big Thing: Vikings Cut Lesnar  Eden Prairie, Minn. (Sports Network) - The Minnesota  Vikings released former professional and amateur wrestling star  Brock Lesnar Monday.
Spending Rebounds, Good News for Growth  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. consumer spending rebounded  sharply in July, the government said on Monday, erasing the  disappointment of June and bolstering hopes that the U.S.  economy has recovered from its recent soft spot.
Survey Records Pattern of Tarantulas (AP) AP - From now until the start of winter, male tarantulas are roaming around, searching for female mates, an ideal time to find out where the spiders flourish in Arkansas.
Capriati Scrambles Past Chladkova Challenge at Open  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Crowd favorite Jennifer Capriati  flirted with disaster before scrambling past Czech Denisa  Chladkova 2-6, 6-1, 6-2 to reach the second round of the U.S.  Open on Monday.
China Launches Mapping and Surveying Satellite (Reuters) Reuters - China Sunday launched a satellite that\will carry out land surveys and mapping for several days before\returning to earth, the Xinhua news agency said.
Russia Names New Space Station Crew (Reuters) Reuters - Russia, which provides the only link to\the International Space Station from Earth, named on Saturday\three new crew members to replace the current two-man crew in\October, Interfax news agency reported.
Guatemala Drought Threatens Hunger in Rural Areas (Reuters) Reuters - Thousands of underfed\children could face starvation if rains do not bring relief to\drought-ravaged regions of Guatemala soon, government officials\and aid agencies said on Friday.
Vikings' Bennett Out for Season Opener  Eden Prairie, Minn. (Sports Network) - Minnesota Vikings  starting running back Michael Bennett will miss the team's  season opener against the Dallas Cowboys on September 12 with a  sprained right knee.
The Genesis Payload: Just How Dangerous are its Contents? (SPACE.com) SPACE.com - When NASAs Genesis solar-wind sample return capsule skyrockets from space next week and drops into the Utah Test and Training Range, that landmark in civilian space draws upon a once classified satellite snooping program.
Expedition 9 Crew Prepares for Final Spacewalk (SPACE.com) SPACE.com - The two astronauts aboard the International Space Station (ISS) will step outside their orbital home one more time next week during the fourth and final spacewalk of their mission.
Treasury Prices Up After Inflation Flat  CHICAGO (Reuters) - U.S. Treasury prices rose on Monday  after an inflation gauge favored by the Federal Reserve was  flat for July, suggesting no need for accelerated rate  increases by the Federal Reserve.
Consumer Electronics Growth Tops F'cast  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. consumer electronics sales will  grow by 8.1 percent this year, sharply ahead of previous  forecasts and more than three times 2003 levels, an industry  trade group said on Monday.
Darfur Still Troubled as UN Deadline Runs Out  KHARTOUM (Reuters) - A U.N.-imposed deadline for Sudan to  prove it can protect the people of strifetorn Darfur ran out on  Monday, but international officials said the violence was far  from over.
Global Arms Sales Drop Again, Asia Biggest Market  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Global arms sales fell for a third  consecutive year in 2003, dropping to \$25.6 billion from a peak  of \$41 billion in 2000, and Asia has overtaken the Middle East  as the biggest customer, according to a study released on  Monday.
Film Shows Virus Going in for the Kill (AP) AP - Using a creature as hideous as any big-screen sci-fi monster, scientists have produced a one-minute horror movie starring a menacing, spidery virus swooping in on a hapless blob of bacteria.
Spotted in England: men reading ... and talking about it In this year's national reading group competition, the Racketeers stood alone as the only all-male outfit.
Palestinians take back the night in Ramallah With new upscale restaurants, bars, and theater, the West Bank city is undergoing a cultural revival.
US guard 'stomped' on Iraqis A colleague testifies against the woman pictured in photos from Iraq's Abu Ghraib prison, Pte Lynndie England.
Pinochet lawyer blasts case judge A lawyer for ex-Chilean president Augusto Pinochet calls for the judge investigating him to be removed from the case.
UN nuclear watchdog hails Tripoli UN inspectors praise Libya for its co-operation in revealing details of its dismantled atomic weapons programme.
Consumer Spending Up 0.8 Percent in July However, a sluggish rise in incomes in July raised concerns that spending might fizzle again soon if it is not supported by more substantive growth in jobs and wages.
Oil prices dip as concerns ease Oil prices fall as it emerges that supply from Iraq will not be affected by a bomb blast and Opec's  members are already producing more oil.
Profiting From Moore's Law Intel develops a new chip that roughly doubles the number of transistors on a chip.
Olympics: No Ad Bonanza The showcase for the world's athletes doesn't produce marquee names for advertisers.
Allianz Says Trade Center Ruling May Cost It Up to 80 Mln Euros Allianz AG, Europe #39;s largest insurer, said a New York court ruling that defined the World Trade Center terrorist attacks as two separate events may cost it as much as 80 million euros (\$107.6 million).
Republican Convention Opens as Delegates Adopt Platform Republicans are preparing to offer President Bush to the voters based in large measure on his response to 9/11.
The Biggest Secret in the Stock Market Is the market really overvalued? ALL of it?!? There are 6,000-plus listed companies -- at least one is a bargain.
Should You Dig This Irish Jig? O'Charley's stock has been out of favor, but there may still be a pot of gold at the end of this rainbow.
Capriati, Federer, Moya Win at U.S. Open NEW YORK - For good or bad, tennis players' fortunes change as quickly as the direction of the swirling wind at the U.S. Open...
Oil Prices Drop \$1 Despite Iraq Sabotage WASHINGTON - Oil futures dropped by nearly \$1 per barrel Monday despite pipeline sabotage in Iraq that has delayed exports from a southern port - reinforcing the view among traders that prices had risen too fast earlier this summer.   "It just goes to show you that when the psychology turns, it turns," said Tom Bentz, a trader at BNP Paribas Futures in New York...
GOP Assails Kerry As Convention Begins NEW YORK - Republicans belittled Democratic Sen. John Kerry as a shift-in-the-wind campaigner unworthy of the White House on Monday at the opening of their national convention, lavishing praise on President Bush as a steady, decisive leader in an age of terrorism...
Stocks Dip on Consumer Income Report News NEW YORK - An unsettling report on consumer incomes set off a spate of profit-taking on Wall Street Monday as investors worried that a tepid economy would erode companies' third-quarter earnings. Another drop in oil prices failed to shake the gloom from the market...
Heart Attacks More Likely in Cold Weather MUNICH, Germany - People with high blood pressure seem to be more vulnerable to heart attacks when the temperature drops, new research shows.    The findings, presented Monday at a conference of the European Society of Cardiology, are not surprising because cold weather makes the blood vessels constrict, making it harder for blood to move through, but the study is the first to document that variations in the weather increase the occurrence of heart attacks in people with high blood pressure...
Kennedy Cousin Fighting Assault Accusation CHICAGO - William Kennedy Smith said Monday he has resigned from the humanitarian group he founded while he fights sexual assault allegations leveled by a former employee.   "I am simply doing everything I can to protect the organization I love," Smith said in his first public appearance since Audra Soulias filed a lawsuit last week alleging he sexually assaulted her five years ago...
Bush Lauds Economy in Battleground States NASHUA, N.H. - President Bush boasted Monday of unemployment "dropping every second" in New Hampshire, the lone Northeastern state he won in 2000 and one where an awakening economy could help him in November...
Al-Sadr Calls on Militia to End Uprising BAGHDAD, Iraq - Rebel cleric Muqtada al-Sadr wants his followers to end their uprising against U.S. and Iraqi forces while he considers forming a political movement, senior al-Sadr officials said Monday...
Start-Up Offers Low-Power 'Personal Supercomputers'  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Lower electrical power consumption,  not just greater data processing oomph, will help a new class  of desktop supercomputers unveiled on Monday turn conventional  industry logic on its head, its designers say.
Light crude slips back US OIL prices fell further yesterday on continued profit-taking as producer-group OPEC promised production increases in the coming months.
Gas Price Hits Lowest Level in 4 Months US gasoline costs fell to their lowest level in four months, with the national pump price dropping 1.8 cents over the last week to \$1.
Brain Study Shows Why Revenge is Sweet Revenge is sweet. Many of us have felt that way, and now scientists say they know why.
New Process Could Help Make Hydrogen Fuel Affordable In what could be a step toward an affordable source of clean energy, Australian scientists have announced a breakthrough in using sunlight to create hydrogen from water.
Toxins Accumulate in Arctic Peoples, Animals, Study Says Manufacturing is virtually nonexistent in the Arctic, yet recent studies show that Eskimos and other Arctic peoples carry unusually high levels of human-made toxins.
Beak Size Matters for Finches' Song, Scientists Suggest By using video of singing birds played back in super slow motion, scientists are teasing apart the mechanics of the beak's role in birdsong #151;and what that may mean when it comes to selecting a mate.
Guinness World Records Recognizes NASA X-43A Speed Record NASA -- Guinness World Records has recognized the world speed record set by NASA's hypersonic X-43A aircraft earlier this year in an experimental flight over the Pacific Ocean.     Using a scramjet engine, the unpiloted, 12 foot-long aircraft achieved Mach 6.83 -- almost seven times the speed of sound - - or nearly 5,000 mph, in a March 27 flight...
A Room With a View for the International Space Station European Space Agency -- Development phase completion of the European-built observation module, or "cupola", for the International Space Station will be marked by a ceremony at the Alenia Spazio facility in Turin, Italy on Monday 6 September.     The cupola, currently scheduled for launch in January 2009, is an observation and control tower for the ISS, with windows that will provide a panoramic view for observing and guiding operations on the outside of the station...
Heart Attacks More Likely to Occur in Cold Weather By EMMA ROSS    MUNICH, Germany (AP) -- People with high blood pressure seem to be more vulnerable to heart attacks when the temperature drops, new research shows.    The findings, presented Monday at a conference of the European Society of Cardiology, are not surprising because cold weather makes the blood vessels constrict, making it harder for blood to move through, but the study is the first to document that variations in the weather increase the occurrence of heart attacks in people with high blood pressure...
Doctors Try to Help Body Grow its Own Bypasses By LAURAN NEERGAARD    WASHINGTON (AP) -- Peter Cummins lay still as doctors administered 20 injections into the 81-year-old's calves and thighs, hoping the genetic experiment will spur new blood vessels to grow around his clogged leg arteries.    The experiment at the National Institutes of Health marks a resurgence in attempts to get the body to grow its own bypasses, at first in the legs and, if that works, perhaps later in the heart...
Heart Attacks Don't Stop Most Smokers By EMMA ROSS    MUNICH, Germany (AP) -- More than half of European smokers who suffer a heart attack, bypass surgery or other serious heart problem are still smoking a year later, despite anti-smoking campaigns and doctors' advice to stop, a new study found.    Experts said the findings, presented Monday at Europe's largest medical conference, indicate that smoking cessation efforts are failing many of the most vulnerable victims...
Novell creates new management posts Memo outlines converting four divisions into two, as company refocuses.
Briefly: Open-source rival to Exchange released roundup Plus: Verizon sets up home in Circuit City...3i's Gagen resigns...Unify updates Java tool...IBM posts documentation for Cloudscape...Phone defect could affect hearing.
Switching to Linux picks up steam Survey from The Yankee Group shows cautious corporate interest in moving desktop and server systems to Linux.
Utility computing spec takes refuge in OASIS Data Center Markup Language Organization joins XML body to broaden industry adoption.
Will XP update give tablets a boost? XP-based tablets have gotten a lukewarm reception so far. But Microsoft hopes to tempt consumers with improved features.
3i's Gagen resigns Martin Gagen, who oversaw U.S. and Asia Pacific operations at 3i, resigns from the venture capital group.
Caller ID: Do you really know who's calling? Company debuts technology that will make it possible to send false information about an incoming call.
Verizon sets up home in Circuit City The wireless carrier will open showrooms in hundreds of branches of the retail chain across the United States.
Hooking up to Net calls VoIP is the belle of the telecom ball. Jotting her onto their dance cards are such well-dressed suitors as America Online and AT #38;T
Webcam images go mobile on Sprint The wireless carrier teams up with EarthCam to stream video from personal and public Webcams to camera phones.
Forrester: Tech execs optimistic about spending CIOs polled by Forrester Research said optimism in the North American business climate is up over last quarter, and the number of CIOs citing a "very strong business climate" has tripled.
New Orion workstation puts cluster in a box Orion Multisystems today unveiled a workstation that takes high-performance computing and puts it on the desktop using low-power processors from Transmeta and an innovative motherboard design.
McAfee releases VirusScan with intrusion prevention McAfee's VirusScan Enterprise 8.0i integrates intrusion-prevention services and firewall technology with antivirus software to automatically protect PCs and file servers from new malicious code outbreaks.
Linux vendors react to Qt flaw Vendors ship updated packages to fix the problem that could allow an attacker to take control of a system.
Study: Apple, Dell lead PC customer satisfaction index Technical support improvements lead to better overall scores for PC industry.
Best Software overhauls Act, unveils premium edition It adds CRM functionality but faces competition from hosted services.
Linux supercomputers used for DOD war simulations The Pentagon is using two 256-processor Linux Networx Evolocity cluster supercomputers to conduct various disaster simulations.
FrontRange CEO bullish He outlines management and strategy changes for the CRM and service management company.
Analysis: Longhorn's loss may be some users' gain Users and developers gain more than they lose from Microsoft's decision to add several Longhorn technologies to Windows XP and Windows Server 2003, even as the company scales back plans for the next Windows operating system.
Hitachi, Matsushita, Toshiba tie on LCD production TOKYO - Three of Japan's largest electronics companies, Hitachi Ltd., Matsushita Electric Industrial Co. Ltd. and Toshiba Corp., will announce later Tuesday plans to jointly manufacture LCD (liquid crystal display) panels.
San Francisco sues Microsoft Despite numerous out-of-court settlements with various state governments around the country, it appears Microsoft's legal woes aren't over yet.
Dell expands SMB desktop services MIAMI - Dell Inc. introduced on Monday a new suite of desktop support services for small and medium size businesses (SMBs) designed for companies with overstretched IT staffs.
EMC, IBM make NAS push EMC hopes to shake up the NAS market this week when it announces a low-priced offering that delves into territory staked out by NAS pioneer Network Appliance.
Data Center Markup Language finds home in OASIS A proposed standard to enable integration, automation and better management of data center components this week will begin development under the direction of a new standards body - the Organization for the Advancement of Structured Information Standards.&lt;p&gt;ADVERTISEMENT&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;&lt;img src="http://ad.doubleclick.net/ad/idg.us.ifw.general/ibmpseries;sz=1x1;ord=200301151450?" width="1" height="1" border="0"/&gt;&lt;a href="http://ad.doubleclick.net/clk;9824455;9690404;u?http://ad.doubleclick.net/clk;9473681;9688522;d?http://www.ibm.com/servers/eserver/pseries/campaigns/boardroom/index.html?ca=pSeries met=boardroom me=E P_Creative=P_InfoW_RSS"&gt;Introducing IBM eServer p5 systems.&lt;/a&gt;&lt;br/&gt;Powered by IBMs most advanced 64-bit microprocessor (POWER5(tm)), p5 systems can run UNIX and Linux simultaneously. Learn more about eServer p5 systems.&lt;/p&gt;
Spyware vs. spyware Even as many online marketing companies struggle to comply with recent federal legislation governing unsolicited commercial e-mail -- spam to you and me -- new state and federal legislation addresses another online blight: spyware. From California to Washington, D.C., lawmakers are lining up for the chance to smack down this bothersome byproduct of online commerce.
Juniper adds security software support Juniper Networks is making a big push into SSL security. The company on Monday updated its NetScreen Secure Access SSL VPNsecurity appliance that further integrates it with end-point security software packages. Juniper also announced a new initiative with several companies to provide better security across a network.
McAfee releases VirusScan with intrusion prevention Antivirus software company McAfee Inc. said on Monday that a new version of its VirusScan Enterprise software contains so-called "intrusion prevention" features that can protect computers from attacks such as buffer overflows, which are often used by viruses, worms and malicious hackers to compromise vulnerable Microsoft Corp. Windows machines.
McAfee Beefs Up VirusScan Security Updated antivirus software for businesses adds intrusion prevention features.
Florida Electronic Voting Procedures Scrutinized By RACHEL LA CORTE    MIAMI (AP) -- Cheryl Roberts was impressed with Florida's new voting machines in the 2002 primary, when she cast an electronic ballot for Democratic gubernatorial candidate Bill McBride. But a series of computer glitches - including startling cases of corrupted or missing data - has undermined her faith...
Oil prices dip as concerns ease The price of oil has fallen in New York after Opec president Purnomo Yusgiantoro said that the oil cartel #39;s members were increasing production.
Top court OKs UFJ-MTFG merger talks The Supreme Court on Monday gave the go-ahead to merger negotiations between UFJ Holdings Inc. and Mitsubishi Tokyo Financial Group Inc.
Twinkies crisis in Kansas The maker of Hostess Twinkies, a cake bar and a piece of Americana children have snacked on for almost 75 years, yesterday raised concerns about the company #39;s ability to stay in business.
Charter Sets Phone Service Deal Striving to keep pace with crossover-minded rivals, cable operator Charter Communications (CHTR:Nasdaq - news - research) hammered out phone-service arrangements with two big carriers and a consultant.
Samsung ready for 2008 Games When the Olympic flame faded on Sunday the missions of many athletes, participants and spectators came to an end, but Sunny Hwang knew it was the signal of a new beginning.
Apple Set to Unveil New IMac in Paris The Apple Expo 2004 opens in Paris on Tuesday with speculation running high that executives will unveil an overdue revamp of the iMac, the sleek desktop that restored Apple #39;s fortunes as a PC maker.
Wonder Wayne hovers between Man United and Newcastle LONDON: That Englands Euro 2004 wonder boy Wayne Rooney will leave Everton is virtually certain, following an increased offer by Manchester United and the teenagers determination to move on.
Piazza to come off disabled list NEW YORK -- The slumping New York Mets should get a boost when the major leagues #39; all-time home run leader among catchers returns to their lineup.
Bills Backup QB Out 4-To-6 Weeks (Reuters) Reuters - Buffalo Bills backup\quarterback Travis Brown will not be out for the season as\initially feared.
La Salle Names Women's Basketball Coach (AP) AP - Tom Lochner was chosen as women's basketball coach at La Salle on Monday to replace John Miller, who resigned amid allegations he failed to report a rape involving one of his players.
Manitoba RCMP investigating whether convicted pedophile committed more crimes (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - WINNIPEG (CP) - RCMP are investigating whether convicted pedophile and killer Robert Bliss Arthurson committed sex crimes against three more young girls.
Republicans Aim to Show Party Diversity (AP) AP - Republican convention organizers have crafted a stage lineup aimed at showing a diverse party, giving a spotlight to Education Secretary Rod Paige, who is black; Labor Secretary Elaine Chao, an Asian American; and minority musical groups.
McAlister in Ravens' Camp, Deion Next?  BALTIMORE (Sports Network) - Baltimore Ravens cornerback  Chris McAlister agreed to a one-year tender with the team on  Monday, ending the All-Pro's month-long holdout.
Cell phones could keep atomic time Miniaturization advance could lead to highly precise atomic clocks being installed in cell phones and other consumer devices.
Brambles profit down BRAMBLES Industries today reported a 7 per cent decline in net profit to \$306.6 million after taking slugs in writedowns and costs particularly from the restructure of its CHEP pallet business.
VeriSign Takes ICANN to State Court VeriSign Inc. is continuing its legal fight against the main overseer of the Internet #39;s domain-name system, despite the dismissal last week of its federal lawsuit against the Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers.
Denver #39;s Anderson out for season Englewood, CO (Sports Network) - Denver Broncos fullback Mike Anderson is expected to miss the entire 2004 season because of a severe groin tear.
First Match Features a Big Rally or Maria Vento-Kabchi of Venezuela, the first match of the United States Open did not begin in very promising fashion yesterday. Facing the former Wimbledon champion Conchita Martnez, Vento-Kabchi lost, 0-6, in the first set.
Stock Fund Inflow Slows To  #36;9.46 Bil (Investor's Business Daily) Investor's Business Daily - Despite a sagging stock market, investors put  #36;9.46 billion into stock mutual funds in July.
Handheld Computers Aid Convention Security (AP) AP - Submachine gun, check. Semiautomatic pistol, check. Personal digital assistant, check. In addition to their usual weaponry, some officers responsible for securing federal buildings at the Republican convention are armed with devices like handheld computers.
Philips Gets The Jump On Another New Promising Wireless Technology: NFC (Investor's Business Daily) Investor's Business Daily - Philips Semiconductors has a plan to cash in on the craze for cool new features in cell phones.
Prison workers walk out over pay Prison maintenance workers stage a 48-hour strike to protest against a pay deal unions describe as 'insulting'.
US spending rebound in July good news for growth WASHINGTON: United States consumer spending rebounded sharply in July, government data showed yesterday, erasing the disappointment of June and bolstering hopes that the US economy has recovered from its recent soft spot.
Gabriel jumps 46 TORONTO - Gabriel Resources Ltd. gained more than 46 per cent after the company said it has signed a deal with Newmont Mining to raise \$24.
Charter to launch voice-over-IP service ST. LOUIS - Charter Communications became the latest company to offer Internet telephone service Monday, announcing agreements with Sprint, Level 3 Communications, and Accenture on Monday.
Tokyo Stocks Close Mixed, Dollar Higher TOKYO -- Tokyo stocks closed mixed on Monday, but the strength of bank and auto maker issues helped the broader market index eke out gains for a 10th straight day -- the longest upswing in 14 years.
US IT spending to grow 7 in 2005 US spending on information technology goods, services, and staff will grow seven percent in 2005 and continue at a similar pace through 2008, according to a study released Monday by Forrester Research.
Mauresmo Starts US Open With a Win tarting Grand Slam tournaments is usually not a problem for Amelie Mauresmo of France. Finishing on top is. Mauresmo, who has never won a Grand Slam, began the long climb through the United States 
Houllier favourite for Newcastle GERARD HOULLIER was today installed as the early favourite to succeed Sir Bobby Robson as Newcastle United manager. The former Liverpool boss is being tipped to take over with Magpies skipper Alan Shearer, who 
Hewitt wins Waterhouse Cup Lleyton Hewitt cruised to victory on Sunday 29th August in the final of TD Waterhouse Cup, as he easily defeated Peru #39;s Luis Horna, 6-3, 6-1.
Bills sign Matthews to replace injured backup QB Shane Matthews signed with the Buffalo Bills on Monday, bolstering the team #39;s banged-up quarterback corps. Matthews, an 11-year veteran, is expected to immediately take over as Drew Bledsoe #39;s backup, filling 
Explosions Cripple Iraqi Oil Exports BAGHDAD, Iraq -- Oil exports from southern Iraq have been brought to a complete halt, a senior oil official said Monday, following a spate of pipeline attacks launched by insurgents trying to undermine the volatile nation #39;s interim government.
Caribbean Colour Celebrates Carnival #39;s 4Oth Birthday More than 750,000 people marked the 40th birthday of the Notting Hill Carnival with a burst of Caribbean colour and the infectious calypso beat.
Palestinian martyrs as art BEACH REFUGEE CAMP, Gaza Strip - Palestinian painter Fayez al-Hasni is in a situation most artists would envy. At 52, he has launched a genre that has brought him fame and fortune.
Deposed Yugoslav president Milosevic to open defence at war crimes &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Deposed Yugoslav president Slobodan Milosevic is scheduled to open his defence case at war crimes tribunal Tuesday after months of delays due to his frail health.
For Windows, Opera takes requests In a first, Opera plans to support Microsoft's cell phone operating system, indicating progress for Windows.
F5 jams new tools into traffic manager SAN FRANCISCO - The many new mechanisms to secure and speed up applications running on networks are heading for consolidation that should make it easier and less expensive to deliver the kind of performance end users want.
Consumer spending rebounds Consumer spending rebounded sharply July, government data showed Monday, erasing the disappointment of June and bolstering hopes that the US economy has recovered from its recent soft spot.
Ford Halts Plant Output for Lack of Parts Ford Motor Co. (FN: Quote, Profile, Research) said on Monday it has stopped production at its assembly plant in Georgia for at least a day because of lack of parts.
Start-Up Offers Low-Power  #39;Personal Supercomputers #39; Lower electrical power consumption, not just greater data processing oomph, will help a new class of desktop supercomputers unveiled on Monday turn conventional industry logic on its head, its designers say.
Capriati, Federer struggle but win on US Open Day 1 For good or bad, tennis players #39; fortunes change as quickly as the direction of the swirling wind at the US Open. Just ask major champions Jennifer Capriati, Roger Federer and 
China telecoms companies  #39;in Olympic pitch #39; Huawei Technologies and ZTE, the leading Chinese telecommunications equipment makers, say they are in discussions to become sponsors of the 2008 Olympic Games in Beijing.
Surprise! Ochoa surges to win Lorena Ochoa already had posed with the novelty check and kissed the crystal vase when she called her family in Mexico.  #39; #39;Well, I won #39;t tell anyone, because they #39;re all watching you play No.
Owen tastes first Real action England striker Michael Owen made a telling contribution off the bench his game for new club Real Madrid. Owen #39;s cross from the right flank in the 52nd minutes set up an easy 
Bombing Suspect Detained At Afghanistan Airport KABUL, Afghanistan -- NATO troops in Afghanistan have detained a man at Kabul airport who had traces of explosives on his hands, a day after a US security firm was bombed, killing 10 people, including three Americans.
Strike shuts Bangladesh DHAKA: Bangladesh was brought to a standstill yesterday by the fourth general strike in a week called by the opposition. Security was tightened for the shutdown called by the Awami League, which coincided 
Serena Easily Wins First U.S. Open Match (AP) AP - Dressed for a night on the town, Serena Williams was all business in her first match in 4 1/2 weeks. Showing little sign of her injury-induced layoff, the two-time U.S. Open champion advanced to the second round with ease, overwhelming Sandra Kleinova of the Czech Republic 6-1, 6-3 Monday night.
Gingrich Counters Dems Hide Conservatives (AP) AP - Newt Gingrich, rebutting criticism the GOP is hiding conservatives during its convention, accused Democrats Monday of shunting anti-abortion and conservative Democrats to the side.
Oil Flat After Drop, More Losses Seen Oil prices held steady on Tuesday after falling 2 percent a day earlier and were set for further falls in anticipation of higher US crude stocks despite concerns over disruptions to Iraqi oil flow.
Alcoa, others buying pipeline for \$1.3B SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW) -- Alcoa, Diversified Utility  amp; Energy Trusts and Alinta have agreed to buy Epic Energy #39;s Dampier to Bunbury natural gas pipeline in Western Australia for \$1.
Consumer Spending Up Following June Decline Shoppers spent more freely in July as consumer spending rose slightly, though tepid growth in personal income raised concern about whether the trend will continue.
Hollinger Committee Files Report on Black, Directors (Update1) Hollinger International Inc., publisher of the Chicago Sun-Times, said a committee of its board investigating allegations of wrongdoing against former Chief Executive Conrad Black filed a report with a court in Chicago.
Mexican Oil Claims Doubted Officials at Mexico #39;s state-owned oil monopoly said Monday that the company has detected massive new oil deposits in the Gulf of Mexico that could 
MedImmune Ends Some Vitaxin Testing MedImmune Inc. said yesterday it has ended advanced human testing of its drug Vitaxin to treat rheumatoid arthritis and psoriasis because it failed to show clinical benefits in preliminary results.
Seven Network Shares Slide as Ad-Revenue Growth Lags Industry Seven Network Ltd. shares had their biggest drop in four months after the broadcaster posted TV advertising growth that lagged the industry and on concern it won #39;t keep viewers attracted by its Olympic Games coverage.
Circuit City to stop selling T-Mobile Circuit City Stores Inc. said it will halt sales of T-Mobile USA mobile phones and give the business solely to Verizon Wireless, its other current mobile-phone partner, which will open in-store sales counters.
Seattle #39;s Home Loan Bank may branch out The Federal Home Loan Bank of Seattle, one of 12 regional institutions that provide money to home lenders, is seeking to branch into the turf of mortgage-finance giants Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac.
Quanta announces 7.2 drop in profit Quanta Computer Inc., the world #39;s biggest notebook computer maker, reported an unexpected 7.2 percent decline in second-quarter profit.
Exxon Mobil Director Longwell to Retire Exxon Mobil Corp. said Monday that executive vice president and board member Harry J. Longwell, 63, plans to retire at the end of the year after serving nine years as a director and 41 years with the company.
High Court Petitioned on Cable Net Access Rule The Bush administration has asked the Supreme Court to overturn a decision that requires cable companies to open their high-speed Internet networks to rival online providers.
Genes unravel mystery of schizophrenia Psychotic mice that flee other mice may offer insights into diseases such as schizophrenia, US researchers say. The genetically engineered mice have mutations in two key genes that make them suffer from psychosis 
Wi-Fi Jacks May Lead To Cheaper Networks Businesses looking to deploy wireless LANs will soon have an alternative to installing access points on the ceiling. Aruba Wireless Networks, a Wi-Fi systems vendor, and Ortronics Inc.
Don #39;t Expect Privacy on the Web Opinion: Whether they realize it or not, many people leave sensitive information out in plain view on Web sites. But sooner or later, a Google search will dig it up.
Cell phones could keep atomic time Atomic clocks may be headed into cell phones, thanks to a breakthrough by federal researchers. Scientists at the National Institute of Standards and Technology have demonstrated the heart of an atomic clock 
FileMaker Unveils Advanced Server Edition At Devcon At the FileMaker Developers Conference in Phoenix this week, the company will announce availability of FileMaker 7 Advanced Server Edition, and boast about the 10 million copies of its eponymous database that have shipped since 1984.
Athens #39; image bolstered by Olympics Early fears of an Olympics disaster failed to materialize here in Athens, where the heightened security may have been obtrusive, but was not enough to keep away the crowds.
Jury is still out on Serena We are happy to report that Serena Williams is back on top of her game. Serena Williams made quick work of Sandra Kleinova. On Monday night at the US Open, Williams broke new fashion 
Fuller thrills on Premiership debut LONDON (CMC) - Jamaica Reggae Boyz striker Ricardo Fuller made a successful debut for Portsmouth, setting up one goal and playing a role in another as the Hampshire club beat Fulham, 4-3, in the English Football Premiership yesterday.
Ward #39;s two HRs power Pirates At the tail end of August, with 31 games remaining, the approach Pirates manager Lloyd McClendon is preaching is the same as it was in the beginning 
Hanging Up The Helmet: NASCAR Legend To Retire It only seemed fitting that Rusty Wallace would announce his coming retirement at Daytona Speedway. After all, that #39;s where Wallace #39;s friend and competitor Dale Earnhardt lost his life in a 2001 accident.
NL Wrap: Maddux, Sosa Lead Cubs to Victory Over Expos Greg Maddux tossed seven innings of shutout ball and helped his own cause with a pair of singles as the Chicago Cubs downed the Expos 5-2 in National League action in Montreal Monday.
Security Tightened in Kabul After Bombing Security was tightened across Kabul on Monday in the wake of a vehicle bomb on Sunday that killed three Americans working for an American contractor and at least four other people.
Bear escapes zoo to frolic in children #39;s playground Staff at Berlin #39;s internationally renowned zoo were working to restore public confidence yesterday after a 110kg South American bear escaped from its enclosure and spent more than half an hour frolicking in a children #39;s playground before being knocked out 
China Motor, Quanta, Techtronic: Asia Ex-Japan Equity Preview The following stocks may rise or fall in Asian markets, excluding Japan, today. Prices are as of the local market #39;s close. Stock symbols are in parentheses after company names.
Appeals Cable Broadband Ruling to Supreme Court The US government has asked the Supreme Court to reverse an appeals court ruling that could lead to heavier regulation of cable companies #39; high-speed Internet service.
Third try not a charm for launch CAPE CANAVERAL -- Lingering storm clouds Sunday evening foiled a third attempt to launch the last Atlas 2AS rocket in as many days.
Juniper Tightens Security In VPN Appliance Juniper Networks Inc. on Monday launched an initiative to tighten security between its VPN gear and third-party end-point security products.
FileMaker ships FS 7 Advanced, 10M copies FileMaker today began shipping FileMaker Server 7 Advanced, an enhanced version of FileMaker Server 7 that provides advanced web publishing and connectivity options for efficiently managing shared solutions for desktop and web clients.
Bank CEO to explain actions in re Bank of America honcho Kenneth Lewis arrives in Boston today to try to put out fires blazing on multiple fronts due to recent controversial employment moves by his Charlotte, NC-based bank.
Top Seed Federer, Andre Agassi Advance at US Open (Update5) Top seed Roger Federer beat Albert Costa in their first-round match at the US Open, and two-time champion Andre Agassi beat Robby Ginepri as the final Grand Slam tennis tournament of the year got under way.
Castillo may miss series because of ankle injury NEW YORK - Second baseman Luis Castillo might sit out Florida #39;s four-game series with the Mets because of a contusion on his right ankle from getting hit by a pitch Sunday.
Red Sox look for a little magic in September stretch The Boston Red Sox are gearing up for a repeat of  quot;Morgan Magic, quot; but repeating 1988 isn #39;t that easy. The Red Sox, who were 10 games behind the New York Yankees on Aug. 15, have chopped that to 4 games.
Madelaine Drohan The world press has had a field day ever since Mark Thatcher, the 51-year-old son of former British prime minister Margaret Thatcher, was arrested in South Africa for his alleged involvement in an attempted mercenary coup.
Australia pressured for NZ law change Australia pressured New Zealand into tightening its citizenship laws because of fears it could be used as a back door to gain entry into Australia, a NZ government MP said today.
Stock and oil prices lower NEW YORK - US tech stocks tumbled while blue chips slipped in extremely thin volume yesterday as security concerns surrounding the Republican National Convention here and worries about earnings kept investors on the sidelines.
BP Agrees to Sell \$2 Billion of LNG to SK Corp. Unit (Update1) BP Plc, Europe #39;s largest oil company, and its partners in an Indonesian liquefied natural gas venture agreed to sell about \$2 billion of the fuel over 20 years to a unit of South Korea #39;s largest oil refiner.
Sour apple THE COMPETITION from Boston is obviously becoming too much, and New York is starting to crack. It #39;s not simply the Red Sox on a late season streak that is baking the Apple, but the events of July when a bean 
Search Is Second Most Popular Online Activity Aug. 30, 2004. Approximately 38 million Americans use search engines each day, making search second only to e-mail as the most popular online activity according to a new report.
Roundup: Newcastle United fires its manager Newcastle United fired Bobby Robson as manager Monday after the northeast English side suffered a turmoil-plagued start to its Premiership season.
Wallace retiring after 05 Rusty Wallace is etched in history for having won the first NASCAR Nextel Cup race ever held at New Hampshire International Speedway.
Palestinians lament Arab Idol outcome About 3000 Palestinians, some holding images of Ammar Hassan, gather in the West Bank to watch the final of the Arab Superstar contest.
Asian Stocks Mostly Lower on Tech Worries (Reuters) Reuters - Asian shares were mostly lower on\Tuesday, pulled down by technology stocks following worries\about a sales forecast from bellwether Intel Corp. and\unexpectedly flat industrial output in Japan.
Senior French official evacuated under fire in Haiti (AFP) AFP - A senior French government official was evacuated from a Haitian hospital after unknown gunmen opened fire, in an apparent attack on the official.
High Court Petitioned on Cable Net Access Rule (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - The Bush administration has asked the Supreme Court to overturn a decision that requires cable companies to open their high-speed Internet networks to rival online providers.
Finland Tops Czech Republic 4-0 in Worlds (AP) AP - Miikka Kiprusoff stopped all 12 shots, and Saku Koivu and Niko Kapanen were among four goal scorers in Finland's 4-0 win over the Czech Republic in the World Cup of Hockey opener Monday.
Manugistics Fires Its President (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - Manugistics Group Inc. disclosed yesterday that it fired its president, as the maker of business software tries to reverse slipping sales, rising costs and a falling stock price.
England and India aim to buck trends (AFP) AFP - England cannot win a one-day international batting first while India coach John Wright reckons his team are having trouble chasing totals.
Martin Retires After Losing at U.S. Open (AP) AP - There would be no fifth set this time for Todd Martin. Martin announced his retirement Monday after he failed to close out the fourth set in a 4-6, 6-4, 6-4, 7-5 loss to No. 31 Fabrice Santoro in the first round of the U.S. Open.
Terrorist fears hang over Australian election (AFP) AFP - A former US presidential adviser has warned Australia is at increased risk of a Spanish-style terrorist attack ahead of the October 9 election, citing the opposition's plan to withdraw troops from Iraq.
Rescuers Try to Lure Humpback Through Dam (AP) AP - A humpback whale trapped for more than a week behind a hydroelectric dam refused the latest attempt Monday to lure him back to the ocean.
Howard Baker Undergoes Heart Surgery (AP) AP - Howard Baker, the former Senate majority leader now serving as U.S. ambassador to Japan, underwent open heart surgery Monday.
Powell Cancels Athens Visit Amid Protests (AP) AP - Secretary of State Colin Powell canceled his trip to Greece at the last minute partly because of concern his presence  #151; expected to be met with anti-war protests  #151; might have disrupted the closing ceremony at the Olympics, State Department officials said Saturday.
Milosevic to open trial defence Ex-Yugoslav leader Slobodan Milosevic could be forced to accept a defence lawyer on Tuesday as his trial reopens.
US soldier tried for 'betrayal' A US soldier goes on trial accused of trying to supply Islamic militants with military information.
Royal Mail misses service target Royal Mail is expected to announce it has failed to meet its 15 targets in the first three months of this financial year.
Social Conservatives Wield Influence on Platform Republicans approved a platform against legalized abortion and gay marriage, reflecting the clout of social conservatives.
A 53-Minute Dress Rehearsal for Serena Williams Warming up in black, knee-high tennis boots, Serena Williams rolled to a 6-1, 6-3 victory over Sandra Kleinova on opening night at the United States Open.
Homeowners Come Up Short on Insurance Millions of homeowners are underinsured, fed largely by a shift in the way property insurance has been sold in recent years.
Piazza Homers in Return; Benson Will Miss Start Mike Piazza's return was overshadowed by the news that Kris Benson would miss at least his next start with a strained right shoulder.
Long Stifled, Iraqis Make Most of Chance to Vent on Talk Radio Iraq's first talk radio station, Radio Dijla, has been putting Iraqis' opinions on everything from politics to romance directly on the air.
Mexican Claim of New Oil Deposits  Doubted Officials at Mexico's state-owned oil monopoly said Monday that the company has detected massive new oil deposits in the Gulf of Mexico that could potentially double the country's reserves, but industry analysts cautioned that the  findings are still unproven.
Familiar American Roster Adds New Wrinkles for the World Cup When the United States plays Canada on Tuesday in the teams' first game of the World Cup of Hockey, the Americans' primary colors should be red, white, blue and gray.
Maker of Twinkies Delays Filing Annual Report, Hires Turnaround Firm   KANSAS CITY, Mo., Aug. 30 -- Twinkie maker Interstate Bakeries Corp. on Monday delayed filing its annual report for the second time, a move that dragged shares lower by more than 42 percent on speculation about the company's ongoing viability.
Japan's production fails to grow Japanese industrial production fails to expand for a second month in a row, official figures show.
Carolinas Watch for Hurricane Frances RICHMOND, Va. - Residents and officials in the Carolinas on Monday were cleaning up from Tropical Storm Gaston - and keeping their eyes on Hurricane Frances...
Report: Sex Assault Widespread at Bases Sexual assaults at U.S. Air Force bases are more widespread than officials first believed, and addressing the problem will require major institutional changes, according to an Air Force report released Monday...
Michael Moore Draws Boos at Convention NEW YORK - Already a box office sensation, filmmaker Michael Moore got another loud reception Monday at the Republican convention. This time, it was boos...
McCain Endorses Bush, Defends Iraq War NEW YORK - Sen. John McCain swept aside his long-running differences with President Bush on Monday and urged voters to re-elect him, offering a stout defense of Bush's decision to invade Iraq as the only way to keep that country from acquiring weapons of mass destruction...
George silent against ex-mates IRVING, Texas -- Bill Parcells saw exactly what he wanted: Vinny Testaverde and Keyshawn Johnson hooking up again like old times. Testaverde completed 17 of 24 passes for 240 yards and his first touchdown 
Batterymates lift Cubs Greg Maddux was on top of his game and he even chipped in at the plate as he and the Cubs won the opener of a three-game series against the Expos, 5-2, on 
Gunbattle in Haiti leaves one dead Gunmen opened fire on a Haitian hospital with a top French official inside Monday, sparking a battle that left at least one gunman dead and two people wounded, officials said.
Exxon Executive to Retire Harry J. Longwell, executive vice president at Exxon Mobil, will retire at the end of the year, the company said yesterday. Mr. Longwell, 63, is retiring after 41 years.
Ortronics and Aruba partner on world #39;s first Wi-Fi wall outlet Aruba Wireless Networks and Ortronics have developed the world #39;s first Wi-Fi wall outlet. The new patent-pending Wi-Jack Wi-Fi wall outlet will be marketed and manufactured by Ortronics and will integrate 
The long Goodbye When Rusty Wallace competes in the final NASCAR race of his career at Homestead-Miami Speedway on Nov. 20, 2005, he will be 49 years old.
Matching Wits on Politics Maryland offensive lineman Andrew Crummey and cornerback Domonique Foxworth play on opposite sides of the field and sit on opposing sides of the political fence.
Brooks Will Be Returner Inside linebacker Ahmad Brooks will debut as a kickoff returner when 16th-ranked Virginia opens the season Saturday at Temple, but he might not start the game at his usual position.
Thirteen Players Released The Washington Redskins announced 13 cuts Monday and must make one more roster move today to reach the NFL's limit.
Giambi Set to Return Jason Giambi is expected to rejoin the Yankees Tuesday to continue his rehabilitation. The five-time all-star has not played since July 23.
Ultimate Soccer Mom In addition to driving Freddy to practice, Emelia Adu also holds responsibilities more befitting of a campaign manager than the mother of a teen.
Warner Snaps Back As rookie Eli Manning struggles, Kurt Warner will be the starting quarterback for the Giants' Sept. 12 regular season opener at Philadelphia.
Sadr Suspends Attacks, Plans to Enter Politics The shift could resolve a significant threat to Iraq's stability and provide a boost to the interim government.
New Threats Against Americans in Kabul American officials warned U.S. citizens Monday to avoid high-profile locations and government facilities in the Afghan capital after Sunday's car bombing outside the office of an American security firm here.
US Air Locked in Down-to-Wire Talks on Cuts With Its Pilots US Airways was locked in tough bargaining on wage and benefit cuts with its pilots union, whose backing is critical for the struggling airline to avoid another bankruptcy filing.
Tyson Went on the Atkins Diet, but Its Profit Slimmed Down Tyson Foods, the worlds largest meat processor, said that its earnings would probably be less than expected.
Will Schwab Sell at a Discount? Employees at the institutional investing unit of brokerage Charles Schwab (SCH ) are anxiously awaiting an announcement from management that their division is to be sold to investment bank UBS (UBS ) for a reported \$265 million.
LNR Property buyout marks third billion-dollar deal NEW YORK (CBS.MW) -- With LNR Property #39;s acquisition by Cerberus Capital Management on Sunday marking the third billion-dollar buyout deal in as many months, investor appetite for the sector has sent Morgan Stanley #39;s index of real estate investment trusts 
CIO poll shows optimism over increased tech spending LOS ANGELES (CBS.MW) -- US technology spending is projected to rise 7 percent next year and continue at about the same rate through 2008, according to results of a survey released Monday that also showed improved optimism on outlays in the sector.
Yakubu lifts Pompey PORTSMOUTH held on for their first Premiership win of the season after an Aiyegbeni Yakubu hat-trick helped them outscore Fulham in a seven-goal thriller at Fratton Park.
Marlins #39; Miguel Cabrera reacts after hitting a two-run home run. &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The Florida Marlins are trying to make their move in the NL wild-card race. Damion Easley, starting because of an injury to Luis Castillo, hit a go-ahead two-run homer in the seventh inning 
Kobe Bryant arrives in court for jury selection EAGLE - Jury selection in the Kobe Bryant trial is taking place this week. It #39;s the first time Bryant saw the people who could end up hearing his case.
High Court Petitioned on Cable Net Access Rule The Bush administration has asked the Supreme Court to overturn a decision that requires cable companies to open their high-speed Internet networks to rival online providers.\&lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Manugistics Fires Its President Manugistics Group Inc. disclosed Monday that it fired its president, as the maker of business software tries to reverse slipping sales, rising costs and a falling stock price. &lt;BR&gt;&lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
MedImmune Ends Some Vitaxin Testing MedImmune Inc. said Monday it has ended advanced human testing of its drug Vitaxin to treat rheumatoid arthritis and psoriasis because it failed to show clinical benefits in preliminary results. &lt;BR&gt;&lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
AMD to demonstrate dual-core chips Advanced Micro Devices will demonstrate dual-core chips Tuesday, but Intel will likely do the same in a week.
Wireless tech gets workout at RNC Protesters and federal agents are using new tools to communicate with cohorts during the Republican National Convention.
Harrah #39;s and Caesars Seeking to Sell 4 Casinos to Protect Merger arrah #39;s Entertainment and Caesars Entertainment, which announced plans to merge in July, are in talks with a group of financiers about selling the Atlantic City Hilton and three other casinos as a way to win approval from regulators for their merger 
Microsoft Delays New Windows Search Feature Microsoft will release its long-awaited update to its Windows operating system in 2006 without its advanced file search capability, the company said last week.
Pitching fails Giants once again Another early exit for starter as &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Atlanta -- The Giants returned from the South after a 3-4 trip that should have been better, culminated by a game that they should have won.
Senior French official evacuated under fire in Haiti PORT-AU-PRINCE : A senior French government official was evacuated from a Haitian hospital after unknown gunmen opened fire, in an apparent attack on the official.
What is a Search Engine? What is a Search Engine?\\All search engines start with a "search box", which is sometimes the main focus of the site, e.g. google.com, dmoz.org, altavista.com; sometimes the "search box" is just one feature of a portal site, e.g. yahoo.com, msn.com, netscape.com. Just type in your search phrase and click the ...
Advanced Micro Plans to Show New Chip Ahead of Intel Advanced Micro Devices plans to demonstrate its version of a new approach to processor design, with a chip that is expected to offer faster computing and relatively less power consumption.
Can Microsoft Beat iTunes With a Store of Its Own? Microsoft is now aiming at a market that Apple Computer pioneered more than a year ago with its iTunes online music store.
Convention Boasts Miles of Technology The Republican National Convention has more than 40,000 miles of cabling to operate high speed computer systems, telephone lines and live television broadcasts.
Alitalia union may agree job cuts A union leader at Alitalia says for the first time that he may consider job losses to help secure the future of the troubled Italian carrier.
Ministers support wheat board #39;s role WINNIPEGThree federal cabinet ministers have assured the Canadian Wheat Board that they support its monopoly selling powers debated at recent world trade talks, the board #39;s chairman said yesterday.
HK Techtronics To Buy Swedish Power Tools Ops For \$713M HONG KONG (Dow Jones)--Power tool maker Techtronic Industries Co. (0669.HK) Tuesday announced plans to buy the electric power tools business of Sweden #39;s Atlas Copco AB (ATCO-A.
Buzz of possible Target, Bay deal Speculation of a possible deal between Hudson #39;s Bay Co. and American retailer Target Corp. heated up again as the Canadian icon prepared to release its quarterly results today, but the Bay #39;s largest shareholder downplayed the rumours.
Intel test chip boasts technology to add to speed Intel, the world #39;s biggest semiconductor maker, said Monday it built a test chip with a new process that creates faster circuits by packing 10 million transistors into an area the size of the tip of a ballpoint pen.
Psychotic Mice May Aid Study of Disease - Report Psychotic mice that flee their littermates may offer insights into diseases such as schizophrenia, US researchers reported on Monday.
HELP LINE Obscurity a shield, sometimes Q: It seems that most of the problems, viruses, etc. that PC users have are associated with Outlook Express or Windows XP. I don #39;t use either of them.
Sir Bobby - End of an era? ONE of the most experienced and popular managers in world football, former Ipswich Town boss Sir Bobby Robson, spoke of his disappointment last night after being sacked by Newcastle United.
Baseball Today Anaheim at Boston (7:05 pm EDT). Curt Schilling (16-6) starts for the Red Sox, 41/2 games behind the New York Yankees in the AL East.
RACE IS ON AGAIN Spin it any way you want. Convince yourself the Yankees are in the midst of a colossal collapse and on the verge of being shut out of the postseason.
Slumping Cubs get boost from Maddux Maddux threw seven shutout innings for his 302nd career win, and Baker got his 1,000th victory as a manager in Chicagos 5-2 win over the Montreal Expos on Monday night.
Bangladeshi opposition calls for today strike Bangladeshs main opposition party has called for a fourth strike day in a week today to protest against a deadly grenade attack.
NZ removes birth residency right New Zealand is to amend its laws so that babies born there to non-resident parents do not automatically receive citizenship. Internal Affairs Minister George Hawkins says of the 57,000 babies born each year 
NL Wrap: Maddux, Sosa Lead Cubs to Victory Over Expos  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Greg Maddux tossed seven innings of  shutout ball and helped his own cause with a pair of singles as  the Chicago Cubs downed the Expos 5-2 in National League action  in Montreal Monday.
AL Wrap: Monroe Drives in Five Runs as Tigers Rout Royals  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Craig Monroe homered twice to plate  five runs and carry the Detroit Tigers to a 9-1 road win over  the Kansas City Royals in the only scheduled American League  game Monday.
Agassi, Serena Sparkle on Opening Night  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Andre Agassi returned to his favorite  hunting ground Monday to serve up a traditional late-night  feast on the opening day of the U.S. Open.
Brunell to Start Skins' Season Opener  WASHINGTON (Sports Network) - Washington Redskins head  coach Joe Gibbs announced Monday that Mark Brunell will be  under center when the team begins its 2004 campaign against  Tampa Bay on September 12.
Group nears deal for casinos - report SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW) -- A group led by privately held Colony Capital is close to reaching an agreement to buy the Atlantic City Hilton and three other casinos in the Chicago area and Mississippi for about \$1.
Bothell priest an abuse victim, he says The parishioners at St. Brendan Catholic Church in Bothell got a shock this weekend: Instead of delivering a typical sermon, the Rev.
IBM appeals Roma ruling BIG BLUE has asked the Swiss High Court to block attempts by the Roma people to sue them for crimes against humanity. The Roma, descendants of those who were processed in Nazi death camps allegedly using IBM #39;s 
S. Williams #39;s Boots Are Made for Walkin #39; Serena Williams delivered a carefully scripted message during her first-round match at the US Open: Her presence hasn #39;t diminished, even if her ability has.
Maddux wins No. 302, gives Baker 1,000th victory as manager Greg Maddux pitched the Chicago Cubs into the lead in the NL wild-card race and gave Dusty Baker a win to remember. Maddux threw seven shutout innings for his 302nd career win, Baker got his 1,000th victory 
Oil Slides, Najaf Peace Deal Struck NEW YORK - Oil prices fell for the fifth day in a row last week after word of a peace deal in the embattled Iraqi city of Najaf raised hopes of more reliable oil shipments from the energy-rich country and encouraged a run of profit-taking by big money 
Hollinger report filed in court TORONTO -- A special committee of Hollinger International, which was instrumental in ousting Conrad Black as head of the Chicago-based newspaper company, filed its final report in an Illinois court yesterday.
Tyson trimmed on earnings warning CHICAGO (CBS.MW) -- Tyson Foods shares dropped more than 8 percent Monday after the poultry producer cut its profit outlook for fiscal 2004, citing poor grain hedging and weaker demand for chicken and beef, as well as higher material costs.
Schwab sells Soundview to UBS Charles Schwab announced early Tuesday it has reached a deal, as expected, to sell its Soundview Capital Markets unit to Swiss bank UBS for \$265 million in cash.
Sales chief ousted just over a year after being hired LOS ANGELES (CBS.MW) -- Following a wave of declining quarterly sales, Manugistics Group has fired its top sales and marketing executive a little more than a year after he was hired, the company disclosed in a regulatory filing Monday.
Report: Real estate issues complicate Target talks Discussions about a possible acquisition by Minneapolis-based Target Corp. of Canada #39;s Hudson #39;s Bay Co. (HBC) continue, though  quot;complicated quot; real estate issues are bogging them down, according to a report published at www.
Intel Evolves Chipmaking Technology Intel (Quote, Chart) has built a new chip with 500 million transistors using the latest advancements in nanotechnology, the company said Monday.
AMD to demonstrate dual-core chips Aiming to deflate archrival Intel, Advanced Micro Devices this week will show off its dual-core chips, which will start to trickle out toward the middle of next year.
Circuit City Partners With Verizon Consumer electronics retailer Circuit City Stores Inc. on Monday said each of more than 570 Superstores in the United States will feature a Verizon Wireless store, following an exclusive agreement with the communications provider.
Some won, some lost, but Greece triumphed over all ATHENS - We owe them an apology, oh yes we do. The Greeks pulled off the Olympic Games after we said they did not have a prayer, and now there #39;s but one way to make it right: The Summer Games belong here 
Retired Britons die in plane crash in Australian outback Two British-born tourists were killed yesterday when their light plane crashed in an exclusive wilderness park in a remote part of Western Australia.
NASA to Announce New Class of Planets (AP) AP - Astronomers have discovered four new planets in a week's time, an exciting end-of-summer flurry that signals a sharper era in the hunt for new worlds.
Asian Stocks Mostly Lower on Tech Worries  SINGAPORE (Reuters) - Asian shares were mostly lower on  Tuesday, pulled down by technology stocks following worries  about a sales forecast from bellwether Intel Corp. and  unexpectedly flat industrial output in Japan.
Oil Flat After Drop, More Losses Seen  SINGAPORE (Reuters) - Oil prices held steady on Tuesday  after falling 2 percent a day earlier and were set for further  falls in anticipation of higher U.S. crude stocks despite  concerns over disruptions to Iraqi oil flow.
NASA to Announce New Class of Planets Astronomers have discovered four new planets in a week's time, an exciting end-of-summer flurry that signals a sharper era in the hunt for new worlds.    While none of these new bodies would be mistaken as Earth's twin, some appear to be noticeably smaller and more solid - more like Earth and Mars - than the gargantuan, gaseous giants identified before...
France Not Immune to Radical Islam Threats (AP) AP - France is seen by many Americans as a reluctant ally, at best, in President Bush's war on terror. But a new hostage crisis has made clear that the Gallic nation, with western Europe's largest Muslim population, is not immune to threats from radical Islam.
Terror fears hang over Australian election (AFP) AFP - A former US presidential adviser has warned Australia is at increased risk of a Spanish-style attack ahead of the October 9 election, citing the opposition's plan to withdraw troops from Iraq.
Kerry Plans to Respond to Bush Speech (AP) AP - Hours after George Bush is to accept the Republican Party's nomination for re-election in New York on Thursday night, Democrat John Kerry plans to respond at Ground Zero of the presidential campaign  #151; Ohio.
Republicans to Show Softer Side at NY Convention (Reuters) Reuters - Republicans hope to show voters a\softer side on the second day of their convention on Tuesday,\with first lady Laura Bush and movie star turned California\Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger taking center stage.
Top Officials Briefed on Pentagon Probe (AP) AP - Two high-ranking Defense Department officials have been briefed by FBI agents investigating a Pentagon analyst suspected of passing U.S. secrets about Iran to the Israeli government, officials said Monday.
MSN Music gears up to play Microsoft Corp. long ago proved itself a dominant force in the software industry. But does a company known for PC operating systems and productivity software have the chops to make it in the music biz?
Twinkies maker in crisis There #39;s an old saying in the business world when a sale seems all but assured: It was as easy as selling Hostess Twinkies. That may no longer be true.
UBS Buys Schwab Unit for \$265 Mln Swiss-based banking giant UBS AG has agreed to buy Charles Schwab Corp. #39;s capital markets unit for \$265 million in cash, making UBS a leading 
FTSE 100 dips after bank holiday break The FTSE 100 has dipped on its return from a three-day break after a slide on Wall Street, but power companies have risen after a multi-billion-pound asset sale by National Grid Transco.
Consumer spending up According to Stuart Hoffman, chief economist at PNC Financial Services Group,  #39;Consumer spending rebounded on the strength of rebate-induced auto sales.
Tyson Foods cuts annual-profit forecast SPRINGDALE, Ark. - Tyson Foods Inc. reduced its forecast of annual profit yesterday because of higher costs for feed grain and a drop in beef and chicken prices.
ADB President Tadao Chino Resigns The president of the Manila-based Asian Development Bank on Tuesday announced his resignation from the multilateral bank, effective next year.
Teck to take writedown related to troubled Australian gold miner Teck Cominco Ltd. yesterday said it would take a \$52-million after-tax writedown in the third quarter related to its stake in Sons of Gwalia Ltd.
US tech execs more optimistic about spending: Study New York, August 31: US technology executives are increasingly optimistic about the business climate, although plans for increased technology spending remain modest, according to a study released on Monday.
FCC asks high court to rule on broadband The federal government is challenging an appeals court ruling that, officials fear, would stifle the expansion of cable broadband services by burdening the providers with new regulations.
Advanced Micro Plans to Show New Chip Ahead of Intel Advanced Micro Devices plans to demonstrate its version of a new approach to processor design on Tuesday, with a chip that is expected to offer faster computing and relatively less power consumption.
Onkyo #39;s DVD Changer Spins a New Tune Choosing a DVD player used to be simple: progressive scan or no progressive scan? These days, even the DVD players on sale for \$29 at Wal-Mart feature progressive scanning.
Skype available for Mac OS X Skype Technologies SA has launched the beta version of Skype for Mac OS X. The software can be downloaded for free and is available immediately.
Despite all the hype, tech IPOs aren #39;t tops Five years from now, when you are on a television quiz show, the category is  quot;Public Companies, quot; and the question is  quot;What was the biggest IPO of 2004, quot; you #39;ll be able to answer with supreme confidence: not Google, but Genworth Financial.
VITAL SIGNS At Risk: Sugary Drinks Linked to Weight ugar-sweetened soft drinks pack plenty of calories, but drinking them does little to make a person feel full. That may explain why a study has found that women who drink a lot of sugary beverages stand a higher chance of gaining weight.
VITAL SIGNS Update: The Evidence on Revenge Mounts he evidence is increasing that revenge in fact brings pleasure. In the latest study, players who were unfairly treated in a game involving money, trust and cooperation got a measurable kick out of punishing their partners.
Lawyer says sprinter did not know about test Athens -- Greek sprinter Costas Kederis did not know he was expected for a doping test, his lawyer said after the disgraced athlete testified to a public prosecutor probing the scandal that rocked Greece on the eve of the Olympics.
Prospective jurors grilled Prospective jurors in the Kobe Bryant sexual assault case were asked their feelings on racial prejudice, interracial relationships, marital infidelity and justice for the rich and famous 
Douglas cut, then lands with Eagles Just a week after releasing their all-time sack leader, Tony Brackens, the Jacksonville Jaguars yesterday cut three-time Pro Bowler Hugh Douglas, leaving them without their starting defensive ends from last season.
Dallaglio set to quit England: report London - England captain Lawrence Dallaglio is set to quit the national team and bring his international career to an end, press reports said here on Tuesday.
Maddux hurls, hits and scores MONTREAL -- The Montreal Expos felt they got robbed because of a missed call from home plate umpire Ted Barrett. Greg Maddux pitched seven shutout innings and helped himself with two hits and a run batted 
Hostages plead: Lift headscarf ban Two French journalists kidnapped in Iraq have pleaded for Paris to meet their captors #39; demands and reverse a ban on Muslim headscarves for girls in public schools.
Sharon to speed up Gaza pullout Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon unveiled on Tuesday an accelerated timetable for his planned pullout of the Gaza Strip and said it should win parliamentary approval in early November.
Thatcher #39;s wife lands at Heathrow The wife and children of Mark Thatcher, who is charged over an alleged coup plot, have landed in the UK on a flight from South Africa.
China to deport Australian activist China has deported an Australian activist and his American colleague after they campaigned for an improvement in human rights in Tibet by unfurling a banner in Beijing, it was reported today.
Stop croc water swimming: coroner THE public still did not appreciate how frighteningly dangerous crocodiles were, even after the fatal mauling of a German tourist two years ago, a coroner said today.
South Africa ponders bid to grill Thatcher The request is from Equatorial Africa over alleged ties to a plot to oust the president. CAPE TOWN -- South Africa is considering a request by Equatorial Guinea to question Mark Thatcher about his alleged 
Intel to cut Prescott leakage by 75 at 65nm Intel has pledged to reduce drastically leakage effects in its 65nm process, having punched out its first device containing over 500m transistors using the technology.
Microsoft removes key feature from Longhorn Microsoft has decided to remove a key feature of its next major Windows operating system, codenamed Longhorn, in order to keep its 2006 shipping deadline intact.
AMD shows off fourway dual core CPU server CHIP FIRM AMD said it is demonstrating a fourway Opteron server using dual processor cores. 90 nanometre technology and silicon on insulator (SOI) technology.
History beckons as China prepares grand Olympic coming out party BEIJING : As the Olympic flame leaves Athens, the eyes of the sporting world are turning towards Beijing. When China hosts the games for the first time in 2008, it will cap an extraordinary 30-year journey 
Volz escapes charges as Fulham get shakes Moritz Volz will escape punishment for accidently kicking a pensioner in the head during Fulham #39;s 4-3 defeat at Portsmouth last night.
Open is nerve center Jennifer Capriati can #39;t ever remember cramping in the middle of a tennis match. She can recall being so nervous during a warmup that she 
Douglas back with the Eagles It appears the Eagles are continuing on a quest to reunite some of the old gang for one gigantic Super Bowl run. Hugh Douglas, one of the team #39;s most popular players during his five seasons 
Braves stun Giants in ninth There #39;s a never-say die attitude floating around the Braves #39; clubhouse and it was displayed yet again Monday afternoon at Turner Field.
Militants Give France Another Day Militants holding two French journalists hostage in Iraq extended their deadline by another 24 hours, Al Jazeera reported. The kidnappers threaten to kill the journalists unless France agrees to remove a ban on headscarves in schools.
Darfur: Seeking the truth - Special Series on Sudan The United Nations has called Darfur the home of the worst humanitarian disaster in the world and the publicized statistics regarding events within the past 18 months in this western region of the Sudan are horrific.
REBEL SHEIK ORDERS END TO FIGHTING August 31, 2004 -- BAGHDAD - Rebel Shiite cleric Moqtada al-Sadr has told his militia to end attacks on US and Iraqi government forces, aides said yesterday.
Libya seems honest about nuke programme-UN report The UN nuclear watchdog said in a confidential report circulated on Monday that Libya appears to have been telling the truth in its declarations on the covert atomic weapons programme which it agreed in December to abandon.
Fear of violence grips B #39;desh on day of mass strikes Dhaka, Aug 30. (PTI):Fear of violence gripped Bangladesh as the country #39;s two major parties faced-off on the streets today to protest the deadly grenade attack on the main opposition rally which killed 20 people and injured more than 300.
Japanese Bank Ends Citigroup #39;s Reign The High Court in Japan has approved the unification negotiations of UFJ Holdings and Mitsubishi group thereby paving the way for the world #39;s largest bank.
China #39;s heroes welcomed in Beijing Athletes who won China its highest-ever Olympics gold medal tally were greeted like heroes when they returned Tuesday, with flag-waving fans cheering wildly at the airport.
Israeli army foils suicide attack at Erez Crossing The Israeli army said it foiled early Tuesday morning a suicide bombing attack by a Palestinian at Erez Crossing on the northern tip of Gaza.
France Redoubles Diplomatic Effort to Save Hostages (Reuters) Reuters - France redoubled its diplomatic efforts\on Tuesday to save two French reporters held hostage in Iraq\ahead of a new deadline to scrap a school headscarf ban, as the\Islamic militant group Hamas called for the men's release.
Onkyo's DVD Changer Spins a New Tune (PC World) PC World - Here's a hands-on look at the moderately priced, multiformat DV-CP802.
Maddux Wins No. 302, Baker Wins No. 1,000 (AP) AP - Greg Maddux pitched the Chicago Cubs into the lead in the NL wild-card race and gave Dusty Baker a win to remember. Maddux threw seven shutout innings for his 302nd career win, Baker got his 1,000th victory as a manager and Chicago beat the Montreal Expos 5-2 on Monday night.
Retailers Are Cool To Linux (TechWeb) TechWeb - Market-research firm Venture Development Corp. says a survey of retail IT execs shows that just 2 of point-of-sale systems use Linux, far less than expected.
UBS Buys Schwab Unit for \$265 Mln  GENEVA/NEW YORK (Reuters) - Swiss-based banking giant UBS  AG has agreed to buy Charles Schwab Corp.'s capital markets  unit for \$265 million in cash, making UBS a leading player on  the U.S. Nasdaq exchange, the companies said on Tuesday.
Sox preying upon Angels Growing up near Camp Pendleton as the son of a Marine gunnery sergeant, Dave Roberts learned all about baseball in Southern California. He played for UCLA before he wound up across town as the center fielder for the Los Angeles Dodgers, keenly aware that losing a Freeway Series to the Angels was tantamount to a Hollywood star turning an acting ...
Patriots' Neal trying to pin down the NFL It had been seven years since Stephen Neal played football, and now he had to play at the highest level, against men who had dedicated their lives to the sport. Safe to say, his challenges were different from those of his teammates. Much different. Even in the locker room.
Dollar Weaker Vs Euro on Data Uncertainty  LONDON (Reuters) - The dollar eased from the previous day's  three-week high versus the euro on Tuesday as investors grew  cautious ahead of a series of key economic data due from the  United States this week. Recent U.S. data have been sending  mixed signals about economic recovery, contradicting upbeat  comments from Federal Reserve officials and fanning uncertainty  over the U.S. interest rate outlook.
Notables The Expos have made seven errors in their last two games. Brad Ausmus of the Astros hit his first home run since July 25, a span of 59 at-bats.
First-rate at second Just minutes after the Red Sox acquired him last December from the Rockies, Mark Bellhorn declared that he planned to wage an all-out effort to win the job as the starting second baseman. Little did he know the Sox would sign Pokey Reese a week later and all but hand Reese the job. And few observers seemed to believe that ...
Douglas cut, then lands with Eagles Just a week after releasing their all-time sack leader, Tony Brackens , the Jacksonville Jaguars yesterday cut three-time Pro Bowler Hugh Douglas , leaving them without their starting defensive ends from last season.
Hawaiian punch: US finds time for Ching Bruce Arena pushed the right buttons in the United States national team's last match, against Jamaica in Kingston Aug. 18. Brian Ching and Cobi Jones entered the match with the US trailing in the second half, then combined for the tying goal, which could go far in advancing the team to the next round of qualifying for the 2006 World ...
Hitting some new heights At East Providence (R.I.) High, where he starred for four years at running back and linebacker, Jamie Silva said he played football at only one speed:  quot;all-out. quot;
Greenhorn no longer In the Deutsche Bank field of 156 golfers, many are well-known, but a lot are far removed from the spotlight. Meet one of those unheralded golfers: PGA Tour rookie Roland Thatcher. He's 27 years old and ranks 187th on the money list with \$154,644, having made the cut in six of his 16 starts. His best finish came two weeks ...
Open is nerve center Jennifer Capriati can't ever remember cramping in the middle of a tennis match. She can recall being so nervous during a warmup that she thought her feet would stick to the court, but never needing medical assistance to quell that sinking physical feeling.
Defeatist attitude missing Teryn Ashley had a smile on her face despite her straight-set opening-round loss to 12th-seeded Ai Sugiyama . For the third time this year, the Brookline, Mass., native found herself in the main draw of a major tournament, this time making her debut at the US Open.
Chinese athletes cash in on gold How much is an Olympic gold medal worth? For China's newest sports stars, fresh from triumph in Athens and idolized by a sports-crazy public, the country's ongoing rush to capitalism means they can cash in like never before.
Today's schedule Amateur baseball: Yawkey League playoffs -- South Boston vs. Somerville at Ronan Park, Dorchester, 7:30 p.m.
Brazil appeals for gold Brazilian sports officials blamed inadequate security for a defrocked priest's bizarre attack on the Olympic marathon leader, and said yesterday they will appeal to world track authorities for a duplicate gold medal.
Profits increase as Bayer revamps German drugs and chemicals giant Bayer reports second quarter profits at the top end of market expectations, as it continues to revamp its business.
Bank units here; jobs scattered Bank of America's four units still headquartered in Boston actually are scattered throughout the country, executives said, one more sign that the jobs and influence the city expected from the bank's \$48 billion merger with FleetBoston Financial Corp. have not yet materialized.
N.Y. firm to take winner of Fan Pier bid private Only weeks before the sale of Fan Pier closes, the ownership of the new development team is changing.
Shoppers open wallets Shoppers spent more freely in July, raising hopes that June's economic lull would not last.
Prices of oil drop despite sabotage Oil futures dropped by nearly \$1 per barrel yesterday despite more sabotage of Iraqi oil infrastructure, reinforcing the view among traders that prices had risen too fast earlier this summer.
Haemonetics buys blood products line Haemonetics Corp. acquired Harvest Technologies Corp.'s Bloodless Surgery Station line, in an effort to expand its surgical blood salvage products and to enter the surgical patient management market. Haemonetics said it paid an undisclosed amount of cash to buy Plymouth-based Harvest Technologies' Bloodless Surgery Station, which is an integrated product for blood conservation and surgical blood salvage. The Braintree maker ...
Interstate Bakeries falls on auditor report warning Interstate Bakeries Corp. , maker of Wonder bread and Hostess Twinkies, said yesterday its auditors' report may raise questions about its ability to continue as a going concern, sending its shares tumbling more than 42 percent. The company said in a statement that its annual report would again be delayed because of uncertainty over whether it will ...
Canada wins fight with US on wheat The World Trade Organization's top court handed Canadian wheat farmers another victory yesterday in their fight against US charges they are unfair traders.
Mylan vows to refile generic drug case Mylan Pharmaceuticals vowed yesterday to refile what it says will be a stronger federal complaint against the Food and Drug Administration over a ruling that has forced the company to compete with so-called  quot;authorized generics. quot;
Mutual fund assets fall 2 percent in July US mutual fund assets fell 2 percent to \$7.4 trillion last month, as declining equity markets reduced the value of stock funds, according to a survey conducted by the Investment Company Institute.
SEC chief urges Congress to defer to board on options The US Congress should stay out of the debate over expensing stock options and let the Financial Accounting Standards Board handle it, US Securities and Exchange Commission chairman William Donaldson said.
Heroes get warm welcome BBC Sport's Dan Warren joins the fans as they welcome home Team GB from the Olympics.
First round of Pak-India bus talks concluded NEW DELHI: The first round of the two days talks on Muzaffarabad-Srinagar bus service between Pakistan and India was concluded today (Tuesday) in New Delhi.
United States should rethink its role in the Middle East What a sad story. When innocent children become targets - Palestinian and Israeli children who don #39;t have bombs strapped to them, who are sitting inside homes or on buses - and we accept this without protest 
NHS 6.2bn computer system probed Government spending watchdog, the National Audit Office, is to investigate a 6.2bn programme to install a computer system at the NHS.
Cooking up a digital future The future kitchen gadgets that could make life easier in the kitchen, say MIT researchers.
Onkyo's DVD Changer Spins a New Tune Here's a hands-on look at the moderately priced, multiformat DV-CP802.
From smugglers to the government, many experts see rampant crude &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Few of Nigeria #39;s many corruption scandals draw more notice these days than that of the MT African Pride, an oil-smuggling ship that inexplicably disappeared four months ago while in the custody of the country #39;s navy.
NEWS SNAP: Natl Grid Sells Gas Assets For GBP5.8 Bln LONDON (Dow Jones)--UK power and gas system operator National Grid Transco PLC (NGT.LN) Tuesday said it will return GBP2 billion, or 65 pence a share, to its shareholders after selling four 
Economists: Mortgage rates will help sustain home demand despite &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; US home prices at record levels don #39;t signal a national price  #39; #39;bubble #39; #39; because low mortgage rates and prospects for improved job growth will help sustain demand, housing-industry economists said.
ADB Head Chino to Resign, Japan Recommends Kuroda as Successor Asian Development Bank President Tadao Chino today expressed his intention to resign and Japan said it will recommend Haruhiko Kuroda, an adviser to Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi, to succeed him.
US TECH EXECS #39; OPTIMISM IS UP August 31, 2004 -- US technology executives are increasingly optimistic about the business climate, although plans for increased technology spending remain modest, according to a study released yesterday.
Trade Your Wallet for Wireless People fed up with the proliferation of credit cards, IDs and key cards that fill their wallets to bulging may soon have an alternative.
Skype dials up beta software for Mac OS X Skype Technologies SA, of Luxembourg, Tuesday released a beta version of its free Internet telephony software for Apple Computer Inc.
AMD demos first dual-core processor Advanced Micro Devices Inc. (AMD) has demonstrated the company #39;s first dual-core microprocessors at its Austin, Texas, office, the company said Tuesday.
Delay Linux migration, advises experts Businesses should delay switching to Linux until IT managers can give a better business case for adoption, says research. And although Linux is still seeing double figure growth, following support by IBM, HP 
Novell restructures away from NetWare NOVELL HAS been playing management musical chairs as it distances itself as a purveyor of NetWare and transforms itself into a flogger of Linux and high end systems.
Data Center Markup Language (DCML) Organization Transitions to &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The DCML Organization has announced a decision to move its technical and marketing activities to OASIS, organized as a new OASIS Member Section.
Rugby-Dallaglio calls time on international career  quot;I have decided to announce my decision to retire from international rugby with England with immediate effect, quot; he told a news conference at Twickenham on Tuesday.
Premiership: Pompey win thriller Portsmouth won a seven-goal thriller at Fratton Park against Fulham, Aiyegbeni Yakubu netting a hat-trick. The home side were 4-3 winners in the end, although Fulham had earlier pulled back two goals after going 3-0 down very early on the match.
Baker is man of 1,000 wins a-flied out for Biddle in the 5th. b-flied out for Ayala in the 8th. c-singled for Mercker in the 9th. E--TBatista (13), JRivera (3).
Sharon wants to speed up Gaza plan - sources Jerusalem - Israel could begin withdrawing from occupied Gaza early next year under an accelerated timetable that Prime Minister Ariel Sharon plans to present to lawmakers of his Likud party on Tuesday, political sources said.
Loans to Vietnam South Korea will provide \$21 million in long-term low rate loans to Vietnam to help the Southeast Asian nation build an advanced environmental infrastructure, according to the Ministry of Finance and Economy.
Election Overseers Want Big Win Administrators are hoping that the victor in this year's presidential election will win by a wide margin. A close race, they fear, will result in more charges of voter fraud and demands for recounts. Kim Zetter reports from Washington.
Bush Forms Civil Liberties Board An executive order issued Friday night creates an agency to safeguard privacy and civil rights laws, but critics see problems with the apointees and the apparent lack of power. By Ryan Singel.
Astronauts Weigh Acceptable Risk In the quest for a cheaper route to space, astronauts competing for the X Prize are willing to take risks. But some wonder if blasting off in an untested rocket ship suspended from a giant balloon is taking things too far. By Dan Brekke.
Trade Your Wallet for Wireless If calling, text messaging, web browsing and video filming aren't enough for you, your cell phone may soon be able to perform another function as well: paying for lunch. But is it secure? By Laila Weir.
Cops Put Brakes on Bike Protest The creator of Bikes Against Bush planned to use his Wi-Fi-Bluetooth-SMS-bike combo to spray anti-Bush messages on city streets. But police intervene before he could start. Cyrus Farivar reports from New York.
E-Vote Recount Rule in Dispute Officials in Florida are once again up in arms over recount procedures. The latest imbroglio follows a controversial ruling on touch-screen voting machines that was delivered days before a statewide primary. By Jacob Ogles.
The Giants of Anime are Coming The three titans of Japanese animation are all about to unleash monster new films. Watch your back, Shrek. By Charles C. Mann from Wired magazine.
Mini Supercomputers, Power Misers Using low-power chips, parallel processing and innovative architecture, Orion Multisystems introduces personal supercomputers that can plug into a wall socket.
Putting Nature on the Pill Wildlife managers are looking to contraception as a way to control nuisance animals.
In Iraq, a Quest to Rebuild One More Broken Edifice: Science The most unlikely element in one Iraqi nuclear physicist's quest may be his decision to undertake it in the first place.
But Sweetie, You Love Lima Beans Psychologists were studying false memories when they stumbled on a surprisingly easy target for manipulation: foods.
Using X-Ray Vision, He Keeps His Eye on the Bacteria Dr. C. Erec Stebbins talks about using a nearly 100-year-old investigative tool to identify the bacterial proteins that cause disease.
Month by Month, a Tiny Baby's Hard-Won Pounds Somewhere between 6 and 9 months of age, she stopped gaining weight and I started worrying.
Cows munch on light aircraft (AFP) AFP - When Tony Cooper and Lisa Kingscott left their four-seater light plane parked in a field to have lunch with friends nearby, they paid little attention to the cows quietly grazing nearby.
Defiant Sharon sets out Gaza plan Israeli PM Ariel Sharon pushes ahead with an accelerated plan to withdraw from the Gaza Strip despite opposition.
Rooney set for Man Utd Wayne Rooney arrives at Man Utd's training ground for a medical ahead of a 25m move from Everton.
Mbeki pushes for DR Congo peace SA President Thabo Mbeki is to resume talks with a former rebel leader who pulled out of the DR Congo government.
Eritrean 'hijackers' go on trial The trial begins in Sudan of 15 Eritrean asylum seekers charged with hijacking a Libyan plane.
Taiwan cancels military exercise \Taipei cancels a military exercise in the Taiwan Strait after China apparently does the same.
Fresh bid to ban Jenin film fails Israel's High Court defeats a new bid to ban a documentary about Israel's invasion of Jenin refugee camp.
No evidence of hijack bid found before jet explosions MOSCOW -- Russia's transport minister, citing a  quot;black box quot; recording from one of two planes that crashed minutes apart last week, said yesterday there was no evidence of a hijacking attempt or any other disturbance before explosions aboard the jetliners.
Hostage crisis unites France behind headscarf ban PARIS -- French critics and defenders of a ban on Muslim headscarves in schools united in support of the law yesterday, pledging to stand firm against militants holding two French journalists hostage in Iraq who want the law revoked.
Summary: Karzai Sworn in As Afghan Leader THE CEREMONY: Hamid Karzai was sworn in for a five-year term as Afghan president after winning the country #39;s first vote for head of state.
Milosevic Opens His Defense Case THE HAGUE, Netherlands - Former Yugoslav President Slobodan Milosevic opened his defense at the Yugoslav war crimes tribunal Tuesday, starting the long-delayed second half of his trial on charges of genocide and other war crimes in the Balkans.    Milosevic began by complaining to the judges that he was allotted only four hours to make his opening statement, while prosecutors were given three days to outline their case when the trial began in February 2002...
Sharon Presents Gaza Withdrawal Timetable JERUSALEM - Prime Minister Ariel Sharon presented a detailed timetable for a withdrawal from the Gaza Strip to his Likud Party on Tuesday, and warned party rebels that the plan "will be implemented, period."   Sharon said that on Sept. 14, he would seek Cabinet approval for initial compensation payments to Jewish settlers willing to leave voluntarily...
National Grid Transco to sell British gas networks for 5.8 billion &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; National Grid Transco, the Britain-based deliverer of energy, announced it has agreed to sell four of its gas distribution networks to consortia in cash deals worth 5.8 billion pounds (8.
Asian Development Bank President to resign in 2005 The President of the Asian Development Bank (ADB), Tadao Chino, Tuesday announced that he would resign on 31 January 2005, more than six years after he took the position.
Orion puts  #39;super #39; into the personal computer .Orion Multisystems said it would have two models of its Orion Cluster Workstation available at the end of the year that use up to 96 chips in a desktop-sized machine.
Iraqi education official killed The top education ministry official in the oil-rich northern Iraqi city of Kirkuk has been assassinated by unknown assailants.  quot;Ibrahim Ismail was killed on the main road as he was heading to the technological 
Longhorn #39;s range shrunk for greater speed Microsoft is shaking up its plans for the next version of Windows to get the software off the drawing board and into PCs by the end of 2006.
Lawrence Dallaglio factfile 1995: In October, takes over Wasps captaincy when Rob Andrew leaves for Newcastle. Makes Test debut in November, coming on as a replacement for Tim Rodber against South Africa at Twickenham.
Hitachi, Matsushita, Toshiba to jointly make large LCD panels (AFP) AFP - Japanese hi-tech giants Hitachi, Matsushita and Toshiba said they have agreed to jointly produce large liquid crystal display (LCD) panels for flat-screen televisions with one billion dollars in fresh investment.
'Trek' on DVD: A logical choice (USATODAY.com) USATODAY.com - Trekkers can finally get the ultimate Star Trek enterprise, a complete DVD set of the 1960s series' first season.
Rooney set for Man Utd Man Utd reach an "outline agreement" to sign Wayne Rooney, as Everton press for the "best available deal".
Hewlett-Packard: a wannabe Kodak? &lt;strong&gt;Analysis&lt;/strong&gt; Photos and printing dominate marketing strategy
Big Drops In The Indexes, But Slip In Trading Volumes The five people trading shares Monday mostly sold. For example, a mere 62 million shares of the Nasdaq-100 tracking stock were traded.
Apple unveils iMac G5 Just unveiled at Apple Expo Paris, the machine is indeed an all-in-one device that integrates the system into the display unit as per the original iMac but to an extent discarded with the second-generation,  #39;angle-poise #39; design.
AMD to demo  #39;8-socket #39; dual-core Opteron box AMD will make the first public demonstration of a system build out of its dual-core processors today, the result of a strategy first made public almost a year ago.
Switching to Linux picks up steam About a third of businesses plan to migrate at least some Windows machines to Linux, according to a recent survey, but adoption will continue to slow and cautious, as companies evaluate a maze of economic factors.
EMC Expands NAS Offerings EMC (Quote, Chart) is expanding its network-attached storage (NAS) offerings with two new midrange options and a high-end product.
Greeks earn gold for holding a safe, exciting Olympics As the Summer Olympics in Athens approached, fear and concern overwhelmed any sense of anticipation and excitement. Would terrorists use the occasion to attack civilians in such a large gathering ?
FOOTBALL: YAK DOES TRICK FOR POMPEY PORTSMOUTH striker Aiyegbeni Yakubu fired a stunning hat-trick in a seven-goal thriller at Fratton Park last night. Pompey claimed their first Premiership win of the season - but they didn #39;t half make it difficult for themselves.
Gartside: Big Sam stays at the Reebok Bolton chairman Phil Gartside insists manager Sam Allardyce - linked with the vacant Newcastle post - is going nowhere. According to reports, the St James #39; Park outfit have identified Allardyce as a successor 
A picture-perfect Olympics Those who watched NBC #39;s coverage of the Athens Games -- and that #39;s 200 million viewers, representing 85 percent of US households -- have their personal  quot;Olympic Moments.
Fall from Olympus: Athens to Beijing Given the low expectations for success, the International Olympic Committee might well feel vindicated for returning the Olympic Games this year to their birth country.
National Grid Transco sells four gas networks for 5.8 bn NEW YORK, August 31 (New Ratings) - National Grid Transco Plc (NNG.ETR) has reportedly agreed to sell half its gas distribution networks for about 5.
Apple Expo: Apple intros 17-, 20-inch G5 iMac Apple #39;s senior vice-president of worldwide marketing, Phil Schiller, took a cue from his boss, CEO Steve Jobs, as he unveiled one more thing at the end of his keynote to kick off this week #39;s Apple Expo in Paris: a G5 iMac that includes the entire system 
Hitachi, Toshiba, Matsushita form LCD joint venture THREE JAPANESE GIANTS will team up to create a company to manufacture and sell LCD panels into the flat panel TV market. Hitachi, Toshiba and Matsushita hope to get the JV rolling by January 2005.
Oil Falls as Hedge Funds Rush to Exit World oil prices fell again on Tuesday as Iraq restored oil exports and hedge funds continued the rush to take profits from record highs.
Baseball Today (AP) AP - Anaheim at Boston (7:05 p.m. EDT). Curt Schilling (16-6) starts for the Red Sox, 4 1/2 games behind the New York Yankees in the AL East.
France intensifies efforts to secure hostages' release (AFP) AFP - The French government intensified efforts to secure the release of two journalists held hostage by Islamic militants in Iraq, a day after they were shown on Arabic television pleading for their lives.
Dollar on Back Foot as Data Tests Loom  LONDON (Reuters) - The dollar turned tail from the previous  day's three-week high versus the euro on Tuesday as investors  grew cautious ahead of key economic data from the United States  later in the week.
Arsenal cheers surge in profits Profits at Premiership champions Arsenal soar and the club says construction of its new stadium is running ahead of schedule.
Intel #39;s 65nm chip will make laptops go further Intel has built a fully functional 70Mb static random access memory (SRam) chip with more than half a billion transistors, using 65nanometer (nm) process technology.
Apple #39;s New iMac Computer Is All Display Apple Computer unveiled, after a two-month delay, its new iMac desktop computer on Tuesday which integrates disk drives and processors into a flat display less than two inches thick.
AMD plans to show chip before Intel SAN FRANCISCO Advanced Micro Devices has brought forward a demonstration of its version of a new approach to processor design, with a chip that is expected to offer faster computing and relatively less power consumption.
Hitachi, Matsushita, Toshiba to form LCD venture Three of Japan #39;s largest electronics companies, Hitachi Ltd., Toshiba Corp. and Matsushita Electric Industrial Co. Ltd., have reached a basic agreement to create a joint venture to manufacture and sell LCD 
Samsung to add payment function to cell phones Samsung and Koninklijke Philips Tuesday said they are teaming up to incorporate Near-Field Communication technology in future cell-phone models from Samsung, giving users the ability to use their phones to make payments.
Opera to launch browser for Windows Mobile Norwegian browser developer Opera Software ASA has developed a product to run on Microsoft Corp. #39;s Windows Mobile operating system, with plans to ship demonstration versions 
Skype launches Apple flavour Skype launched a version of its Internet telephony service for users of Apple computers on Tuesday, as it battles a growing number of competitors offering voice-over-IP (VoIP) products.
Computer Maker Unveils New Printers, Cameras, TVs and Music Player At a Miami event, timed to coincide with the MTV Video Music awards (which HP is sponsoring), HP CEO Carly Fiorina discussed how the new products support consumers in a world that is increasingly 
World #39;s first plastic magnet created LONDON: Scientists at the University of Durham in UK have created the world #39;s first plastic magnet to work at room temperature.
Microsoft teams up with industry partners for online SP2 &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Windows XP Service Pack 2 was designed by Microsoft to provide proactive protection for Windows XP. Service Pack 2 has three main focus areas: Stronger security settings.
Lycos Europe buys Tiscali Sweden Spray Network AB - a subsidiary of Lycos Europe - has become the latest outfit to buy one of Tiscali #39;s unwanted ISPs. Spray has agreed to cough up 13m (8.
The Pentagon #39;s Troubling Role arely two months before the presidential vote, Missouri #39;s secretary of state has suddenly announced that he will allow military voters from his state - one of the most pivotal in the election - to e-mail ballots from combat zones to the Defense Department 
Guinness recognises jet record The Guinness Book of Records has officially recognised the world speed record set by Nasa #39;s X-43A hypersonic aircraft earlier this year.
Volz in the clear over injury to fan Fulham full-back Moritz Volz will not face police action after he collided with a pensioner during the Premiership match with Portsmouth at Fratton Park.
Williams is looking dangerous Serena Williams, dressed to intimidate in denim and boots, warms up for her first-round match at the US Open. Picture:Reuters. Serena Williams delivered a carefully scripted message during her 
UPDATE 1-Voeller takes charge at Roma Former Germany coach Rudi Voeller took charge of AS Roma on Tuesday following the resignation of Cesare Prandelli. Voeller flew into Rome and immediately assumed control of the Serie A team #39;s training session.
CBC terms show from Athens a success #39; Despite a post-Perdita hangover and a 16 per cent drop in prime-time TV ratings from the last Olympics, CBC is claiming victory at the Athens Games.
Douglas returning to Eagles #39; nest Earlier in the day, soon after he was released by the Jaguars, Hugh Douglas was musing about his chances of returning to the Eagles.
Giambi to Return to Yankees; White Sox Waive M. Jackson The five-time all-star has not played since July 23. He had a benign tumor diagnosed last month. Giambi is hoping to again play before the regular season ends.
Twin bus explosions in southern Israel kill 12, wound more than 40 Two buses exploded almost simultaneously in southern Israel on Tuesday, killing at least 12 people and wounding 44, rescue officials said.
Putin Defends Chechnya Policy at Talks Russian President Vladimir Putin defended his stance on Chechnya during talks with Germany #39;s Gerhard Schrder and France #39;s Jacques Chirac on Tuesday after both questioned him on the matter.
12 Killed, 20 Hurt In Twin Bus Attacks In Israeli City Dubai, August 31 (NNN): At least 12 people were killed and 20 others injured in a suspected twin suicide bombing attack on two buses in the southern Israeli city of Beersheva on Tuesday, according to reports reaching here.
After ceasefire, Sadr looks to elections The rebel cleric Muqtada al-Sadr has ordered his Mahdi Army militia to halt attacks on coalition and Iraqi Government forces, as aides said he was ready to join the US-backed political process.
Deadly typhoon hits Hokkaido A large and powerful typhoon that has left eight people dead blew out into the Sea of Okhotsk Tuesday evening after hitting Hokkaido, the Meteorological Agency said.
No hint of election terror threat: Howard Prime Minister John Howard says he has not received any warning that terrorists might carry out a Madrid-style attack during the election campaign, but he is  quot;hoping and praying quot; it doesn #39;t happen.
Foreign Investors Wary on Bangladesh Political violence and general strikes following a recent grenade attack on an opposition rally may frighten foreign investors away from Bangladesh unless the situation is quickly resolved, a government official said Tuesday.
Prayers mark Diana #39;s anniversary Prayers have been said for Princess Diana outside Kensington Palace on the seventh anniversary of her death in a Paris car crash. Father Frank Gelli led a short open-air service outside her former central 
Iraq Militants Kill 12 Nepali Hostages-Web Site  BAGHDAD, Iraq (Reuters) - A militant Iraqi group said it  had killed 12 Nepali hostages and showed pictures of one being  beheaded and others being gunned down in the worst violence  against captives since a wave of kidnappings erupted in April.
Suicide Bombings on Two Israeli Buses Kill 15  BEERSHEBA, Israel (Reuters) - Palestinian suicide bombers  killed at least 15 people in simultaneous attacks on two  Israeli buses on Tuesday, breaking a long lull in such violence  and potentially disrupting an Israeli plan to pull out of Gaza.
Apple's New iMac Computer Is All Display (Reuters) Reuters - Apple Computer unveiled, after a\two-month delay, its new iMac desktop computer on Tuesday which\integrates disk drives and processors into a flat display less\than two inches thick.
US Consumer Confidence Tumbles in August (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. consumer confidence fell sharply\in August, breaking four straight months of gains, as a\slowdown in job creation and rising oil prices weighed on\sentiment.
Copernic Desktop Search Takes Aim at Microsoft (Reuters) Reuters - Privately held Copernic\Technologies on Tuesday released free desktop search software\ahead of expected offerings from Microsoft Corp.  and\others in a move some see as a test of the product's market\viability.
Midwest Business Growth at Slower Pace (Reuters) Reuters - Business activity in the U.S. Midwest\expanded in August for a 16th straight month but at a slower\pace than expected, as pricing pressures mounted, a report\showed on Tuesday.
Treasuries Up on Consumer, Industry Data (Reuters) Reuters - Treasury debt prices climbed  and\10-year yields moved to a new five-month low on Tuesday after\an August survey of regional U.S. industry proved weaker than\expected while consumer confidence was shaken.
Hamburg Court Delays 9/11 Trial by One Week  HAMBURG, Germany (Reuters) - A German court ordered on  Tuesday a week's delay in the trial of Mounir El Motassadeq, a  Moroccan accused of aiding the Sept. 11 attacks, allowing time  to brief a replacement for a defense lawyer hurt in an  accident.
Stocks Unchanged, Intel Weighs on Nasdaq (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. stocks were little changed on\Tuesday as a sharp drop in consumer confidence in August\stirred fresh doubt about the economy and expectations for\Intel to pull in its quarterly revenue forecast weighed on\technology stocks.
Anxious France Accelerates Bid for Iraq Hostages  AMMAN (Reuters) - An anxious French government accelerated  its diplomatic bid to save two French reporters held hostage in  Iraq on Tuesday as a fresh kidnapper deadline neared for Paris  to scrap a ban on Muslim headscarves in schools.
Divided France Unites Over Hostages (Los Angeles Times) Los Angeles Times - PARIS  #8212; Muslim women in head scarves, journalists in jeans and senators draped in tricolored sashes rallied here Monday in support of two French hostages held in Iraq by kidnappers demanding that France repeal a new ban on the Islamic head scarf in public schools.
Abraham #39;s down Knee sprain to keep No. 1 scoring defense #39;s best pass rusher out against 11-1 Steelers, winners of 10 in a row. BY KEN BERGER.
Music Sales on the Web to Hit Jackpot - Survey (Reuters) Reuters - Selling songs over the Internet in\Western Europe will explode to a 3.5 billion euros a year\market by 2009, a new survey found on Tuesday.
Consumer Confidence Plummets in August (AP) AP - Consumer confidence, which had been on the rise since April, declined unexpectedly sharply in August, a private research group said Tuesday.
UK Sends Senior Minister to North Korea for Talks  LONDON (Reuters) - British junior foreign office minister  Bill Rammell will go to North Korea next month in the  highest-level visit to the isolated Communist state by a UK  official, London said on Tuesday.
Linux Doesn't Make Sense for Desktops (Ziff Davis) Ziff Davis - Longhorn's woes may open a door for Linux #151;a very tiny door #151;but Linux just isn't a good choice for desktops. Instead, desktop Linux proponents should wake up and switch to the Mac OS.
Veritas Buys Email Backup Company KVault (Reuters) Reuters - Veritas Software Corp. , the\leading storage software provider, said on Tuesday it agreed to\acquire email backup company KVault Software Ltd. for  #36;225\million in cash.
California Strike Hits Albertsons' Profit (Reuters) Reuters - Albertsons Inc. , the No. 2\U.S. grocer, on Tuesday reported a substantial drop in its\quarterly profit as heavy promotions to revive its Southern\California sales after a strike bit into its profit.
Consumer Confidence Skids Lingering concerns about the job market, geopolitical turmoil and soaring energy prices did unexpected harm to consumer confidence in August, according to a report from an independent economic watchdog.
Crude Oil Drops as Threats to Supply From Iraq, Russia Diminish Crude oil futures fell close to a one- month low on expectations a cease-fire in southern Iraq will reduce the sabotage of oil pipelines and supplies from Russia will increase.
Harrah #39;s East Chicago in sale talks Harrah #39;s Entertainment and Caesars Entertainment Tuesday confirmed they have been in discussions with potential buyers for four properties, including an affiliate of Colony Capital.
Gas lines in Britain to be sold LONDON National Grid Transco, the owner of Britain #39;s power and natural gas grids, said on Tuesday that it would sell half of its gas-distribution networks for 5.
Alcoa in group buying Australia pipeline for \$1.3B Alcoa Inc. is part of a three-company consortium that will buy a major natural-gas pipeline in Australia for \$1.3 billion. The consortium, which includes Diversified Utility  amp; Energy Trusts (DUET) and Alinta 
India Offers Tax Concessions to Exporters The government offered tax concessions to exporters and proposed the creation of free trade zones in a plan unveiled Tuesday aimed at doubling India #39;s share of global trade in five years.
UBS Buys Schwab Unit Swiss banking giant UBS says it will acquire Charles Schwab #39;s (SCH ) brokerage unit, SoundView Capital Markets, as well as the Capital Markets Division of Schwab for \$265 million in cash.
Alitalia directors, unions scramble amid bankruptcy threat ROME : Alitalia directors and union delegates worked on thrashing out a rescue plan for the Italian flag carrier which has warned it could go bankrupt within a month.
Big setback for Merck cholesterol drug High doses of Zocor provide no benefits in preventing new problems in heart attack patients: study. MUNICH (Reuters) - Merck #39;s anti-cholesterol drug Zocor suffered a setback after a major study found high 
B of A #39;s Lewis in Boston to explain job moves Bank of America Corp. #39;s top executive will be in Boston this week to counter critics who claim the bank has broken job commitments it made during its acquisition of FleetBoston Financial.
Germany Raises 2004 Deficit Forecast to 3.7 of GDP (Update2) Germany raised its forecast for this year #39;s budget deficit, saying declining tax income and increased spending on the unemployed will push the shortfall further beyond European Union limits for a third straight year.
Treasuries Rise After Manufacturing and Confidence Indexes Drop US Treasury notes rose, heading for their biggest monthly gain since September, after reports today showed declines in consumer confidence and a slowdown in manufacturing.
New Apple Gets Shined Up (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - Hoping to boost recently slackening sales of its flagship product, Apple Computer Inc. is using the dog days of summer to unveil the redesigned iMac, opening the curtain on its popular desktop computer at the Apple Expo in Paris.
US Consumer Confidence Tumbles in August  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. consumer confidence fell sharply  in August, breaking four straight months of gains, as a  slowdown in job creation and rising oil prices weighed on  sentiment.
Comet Research Pioneer Whipple Dies (AP) AP - Fred L. Whipple, a pioneer in astronomy who proposed the "dirty snowball" theory for the substance of comets, has died. He was 97.
Oil Down Nearly \$8 in 8 Days, Funds Exit  LONDON (Reuters) - World oil prices fell sharply again on  Tuesday as Iraq restored oil exports and hedge funds continued  the rush to take profits from record highs.
Midwest Business Growth at Slower Pace  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Business activity in the U.S. Midwest  expanded in August for a 16th straight month but at a slower  pace than expected, as pricing pressures mounted, a report  showed on Tuesday.
Networks decided long ago not to air the GOP's first night (USATODAY.com) USATODAY.com - ABC, CBS and NBC plan to devote exactly the same amount of prime time - three hours spread over three nights - to this week's Republican National Convention as they gave to last month's Democratic National Convention.
Laos Defends Dam Project Against Environmental Critics (Reuters) Reuters - Communist Laos defended a\billion-dollar hydro-electric project on Tuesday against\activists who insist Indochina's biggest dam will be a social\and environmental disaster for the tiny, impoverished nation.
Houston #39;s return will have to wait a little longer It #39;s no surprise that the Knicks have a roster move to announce today. Penny Hardaway #39;s strained right hamstring is forcing him to go on the injured list for at least two weeks, maybe a month.
WTO OKs Sanctions Vs. U.S. in Trade Row  GENEVA (Reuters) - The European Union and its allies got  the go-ahead on Tuesday to slap potentially heavy sanctions on  U.S. goods in a row that could stir trade tensions ahead of the  U.S. elections.
Treasuries Up on Consumer, Industry Data  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Treasury debt prices climbed  and  10-year yields moved to a new five-month low on Tuesday after  an August survey of regional U.S. industry proved weaker than  expected while consumer confidence was shaken.
National Parties Eye Fla. Senate Primary (AP) AP - Florida voters went to the polls Tuesday to pick candidates hoping to fill retiring Democratic Sen. Bob Graham's seat, with polls showing a close race between Republican hopefuls Mel Martinez and Bill McCollum. Betty Castor was leading the field of three prominent Democrats.
Locust Swarms Munch Crops Near Senegal's Capital (Reuters) Reuters - Smoke rises from burning\tires in the corners of Oumar Sakho's fields Monday as a swarm\of mating, yellow desert locusts munches through his water\melons not far from Senegal's capital.
Stocks Unchanged, Intel Weighs on Nasdaq  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks were little changed on  Tuesday as a sharp drop in consumer confidence in August  stirred fresh doubt about the economy and expectations for  Intel to pull in its quarterly revenue forecast weighed on  technology stocks.
Florida supreme court hears case on feeding tube for brain-damaged woman (AFP) AFP - Florida's Supreme Court heard arguments in the right-to-die case of a severely brain-damaged woman whose feeding tube was removed but later reinserted after state Governor Jeb Bush intervened.
California Strike Hits Albertsons' Profit  NEW YORK (Reuters) -  Albertsons Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=ABS.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;ABS.N&lt;/A&gt;, the No. 2  U.S. grocer, on Tuesday reported a substantial drop in its  quarterly profit as heavy promotions to revive its Southern  California sales after a strike bit into its profit.
Nepal hostages 'killed in Iraq' An Arabic website posts images of what it says are the executions of 12 Nepalese citizens taken hostage in Iraq.
Hollinger Panel Says Its Owners Took Cash  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Former Hollinger International Inc.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=HLR.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;HLR.N&lt;/A&gt; Chief Executive Conrad Black and other controlling  shareholders used more than \$400 million of corporate funds for  personal perks including private jets and club memberships,  according to a report filed on Tuesday.
WTO Approves Sanctions Against U.S. The European Union and its allies got\the go ahead on Tuesday to slap potentially heavy sanctions on\U.S. goods in a row that could stir trade tensions ahead of the\U.S. elections.
Consumer Confidence Falls in August Consumer confidence, which had been on the rise since April, declined unexpectedly sharply in August, a private research group said Tuesday.
China Olympians return as heroes Crowds of well wishers greet the Chinese Olympic team, returning home with a record number of medals.
Iran arrests dozens 'for spying' Dozens of people are arrested in Iran for spying on its nuclear activities, and passing details to its "enemies".
Hollinger executives 'took \$400m' Media group Hollinger International says senior executives, including former chief Conrad Black, took \$400m of its money.
China to suspend share flotations The Chinese Government is to suspend all share flotations for a month in order to try to stop a stock market slide and revive interest in future floats.
Notebook: Rice shines again on Monday night The Monday night stage still belongs to Jerry Rice, and the Seahawks receiver proved it last night. Rice caught the game #39;s opening touchdown, then made a fantastic catch in traffic in the fourth quarter that 
First Night, Single Theme for Double Term: Sept. 11 Speaker after speaker at the Republican convention summoned Sept. 11 in service of an overriding theme: the nation will be safer under President Bush.
GPWC support banks #39; ruling  quot;Today #39;s judgment seems indeed to be a turning point in the future of Formula One, quot; it read. GPWC also said the London High Court #39;s ruling would  #39;benefit the sport #39;s long-term stability.
12 Nepalese Reportedly Executed in Iraq A video purporting to show the killings of Nepalese kidnapped in Iraq was posted on a Web site linked to militants.
GOP Delegates Boo Moore at Convention NEW YORK - Already a box office sensation, filmmaker Michael Moore got another loud reception Monday at the Republican National Convention. This time, it was boos...
Double win for DiGrassi! Brazilian Lucas di Grassi scored his first two wins yesterday in Thruxton in the British F3 championship.
3 Killed As Gaston Lashes Va. With Rain RICHMOND, Va. - An area of about 20 blocks of downtown Richmond was roped off and was being condemned Tuesday after the remnants of Tropical Storm Gaston flooded the city and other parts of central Virginia with a foot or more of rain...
Stocks Mixed on Consumer Confidence Drop NEW YORK - Stocks were narrowly mixed in light trading Tuesday as disappointing consumer confidence figures overshadowed another slide in oil prices.    The plunge in the Conference Board's consumer confidence index, which fell to 98.2 in August from 105.7 in July, raised concerns on Wall Street that oil prices, while now falling, have already damaged the economic recovery...
Cal was robbed The University of California should be playing the University of Michigan in the Rose Bowl on New Year #39;s Day, reveling in Cal #39;s first return to Pasadena #39;s sacred turf since 1959.
Republicans Assail Kerry at Convention NEW YORK - Republicans belittled Democratic Sen. John Kerry as a shift-in-the-wind campaigner unworthy of the White House on Monday, opening their national convention four miles from Ground Zero of America's worst terrorist attack...
Ex-Yugoslav Head Milosevic Begins Defense THE HAGUE, Netherlands - Former Yugoslav President Slobodan Milosevic opened his long-delayed defense at the Yugoslav war crimes tribunal Tuesday, describing the battles of his Serbian people as self defense against internal rebellions and external attacks by Islamic warriors.    Milosevic, charged with genocide and crimes against humanity in the Balkans, portrayed the Serbs as victims rather than aggressors: victims of a plan supported by the United States and Europe to break up Yugoslavia, of an attempt to wipe out Croatia's Serb minority, and of a Saudi-financed plot to create an Islamic state in Bosnia...
Twin Bus Blasts in Southern Israel Kill 12 JERUSALEM - Two buses exploded almost simultaneously in southern Israel on Tuesday, killing at least 12 people and wounding 44, rescue officials said, in the first major Palestinian attack inside Israel in nearly six months.    Israel's Channel Two television said the blasts were carried out by Palestinian suicide bombers, but the report could not immediately be confirmed...
Gaston's Rain Sparks Emergency in Virginia RICHMOND, Va. - A state of emergency was declared as Tropical Storm Gaston poured nearly a foot of rain on central Virginia, flooding streets with several feet of rushing water that floated cars and trucks and smashed them into buildings...
It's SQL, but not as you know it &lt;strong&gt;Site Offer&lt;/strong&gt; Save a whopping 50 on definitive MySQL guides
12 Nepalese Reportedly Executed in Iraq DUBAI, United Arab Emirates - A Web site linked to an Iraqi militant group showed a video of what was purported to be the killing of 12 Nepalese workers by militants who had kidnapped them.    The Nepalese Foreign Ministry said it could not confirm the report of the hostages' deaths...
Schwarzenegger, Laura Bush to Speak Today NEW YORK - California Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger, first lady Laura Bush, Sen...
Several Killed in Israeli Bus Bombings JERUSALEM - Two buses exploded in southern Israel on Tuesday, killing several people and wounding many others, Israeli rescue officials said, in what appeared to be the first suicide bombing inside Israel in nearly six months.    Police reported a third blast, but no further details were immediately available...
Consumer Confidence Plummets in August Consumer confidence, which had been on the rise since April, declined unexpectedly sharply in August, a private research group said today.
12 Nepalese Reportedly Executed in Iraq DUBAI, United Arab Emirates - A Web site linked to an Iraqi militant group showed a video of what is purported to be the killing of 12 Nepalese workers by militants who had kidnapped them.    The Nepalese Foreign Ministry said it could not confirm the report of the hostages' deaths...
W.T.O. Authorizes Anti-Dumping Sanctions on U.S. The W.T.O. decided today to authorize sanctions against the United States in response to illegal antidumping rules.
Albertson's Second-Quarter Profits Drop The fall in earnings was due to the continuing impact of the company's California labor dispute and increased payments to health and welfare plans to fund deficits.
Gambro Sells U.S. Kidney Clinics Unit  STOCKHOLM (Reuters) - Swedish kidney-care company Gambro AB  has signed an agreement to sell its U.S. clinics business to  dialysis firm DaVita Inc. for \$3.05 billion in cash, Gambro  said on Tuesday.
Credit Dings = Insurance Woes A few problems on your credit report can boost your auto insurance premiums.
Copernic Desktop Search Takes Aim at Microsoft  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Privately held Copernic  Technologies on Tuesday released free desktop search software  ahead of expected offerings from Microsoft Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=MSFT.O qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;MSFT.O&lt;/A&gt; and  others in a move some see as a test of the product's market  viability.
Sharon Presents Gaza Pullout Timetable Description: Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon presents a detailed timetable for Israel #39;s withdrawal from most of the Gaza Strip.
Sadr #39;s men wait for call to fight NAJAF: Since his Shi #39;ite militia put down their weapons and ended their uprising in Najaf last week, Abdul Sahib has slept in a different house every night, hiding from revenge-seeking residents.
Man Utd sign Rooney MANCHESTER United have finally got their hands on Wayne Rooney after nearly a week a tense negotiations concluded with the club agreeing a transfer fee with his current club Everton.
Serena courts rebel image SERENA Williams showed she had learnt from the Andre Agassi school of fashion yesterday, donning denim in her first-round match. Teaming the pleated skirt with a midriff-baring studded black vest and matching 
West Brom acquires Inamoto Bromwich, England (Sports Network) - West Bromwich signed Japanese international Junichi Inamoto to a 2 1/2-year contract on Tuesday.
Gutierrez named Michigan #39;s starting QB While it seemed likely during the preseason that Gutierrez would win the job, coach Lloyd Carr insisted two other quarterbacks - Clayton Richard and Chad Henne - had a shot.
France #39;s AXA Faces Poll Delay In Australian Unit Buyout MELBOURNE (Dow Jones)--France #39;s AXA SA (AXA) faces a six-week delay in its attempt to move to full ownership of its Australian insurance subsidiary, with the Australian 
Keep low profile, US citizens urged Afghan police officers stand guard as a firefighter fights a fire after an explosion in Kabul, Afghanistan, on Sunday, Aug. 29, 2004.
New Apple Gets Shined Hoping to boost recently slackening sales of its flagship product, Apple Computer Inc. is using the dog days of summer to unveil the redesigned iMac, opening the curtain on its popular desktop computer at the Apple Expo in Paris. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-washingtonpost.com&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Your Personal Data Is Often at Risk As Ken Solomon read the letter last month from a company whose software he had bought, one sentence set off alarms: "Your credit or debit card information may be at risk."
Publication of Personal Information Probed The Secret Service is investigating the publication of personal information about GOP convention delegates on  a Web site, prompting complaints from the American Civil Liberties Union that the government is infringing upon the free-speech rights of political dissidents.
Convention Boasts State-of-Art Technology The Republican National Convention has more than 40,000 miles of cabling to operate high speed computer systems, telephone lines and live television broadcasts.
Handheld Computers Aid Convention Security Submachine gun, check. Semiautomatic pistol, check. Personal digital assistant, check. In addition to their usual weaponry, some officers responsible for securing federal buildings at the Republican convention are armed with devices like handheld computers.
Microsoft Taking on Apple's Music Store Microsoft Corp., hoping to take a bite out of Apple Computer Inc.'s highly popular online music service, is gearing up to launch its own Web site for selling songs over the Internet.
Hitachi, Matsushita, Toshiba in LCD Venture Japan's Hitachi Ltd., Matsushita Electric Industrial Co. and Toshiba Corp. struck a deal to jointly make displays for flat-screen televisions, starting as early as July 2006, the companies said Tuesday.
Jet record marked by Guinness The Guinness Book of Records recognises the world speed record set by Nasa's X-43A hypersonic aircraft in March.
'No evidence' for cloning claim Experts cast doubt on claims that a scientist has made embryos from dead people's tissue.
Harrah #39;s, Caesars looking to sell four casinos LAS VEGAS Harrah #39;s Entertainment and Caesars Entertainment are in negotiations to sell four casinos, in a move that could help reduce merger antitrust concerns.
Stocks Open Higher; Wall Street Cautious US stocks opened slightly higher on Tuesday as oil prices slipped with a lightly staffed Wall Street remaining cautious during the Republican party convention in New York amid heavy security and concerns of possible attacks.
Ratan Tata, Kumarmangalam may head revamped Board of Trade New Delhi, Aug. 31 (PTI): The revamped Board of Trade could be headed by renowned industrialist Ratan Tata, or former CII Secretary General Tarun Das.
Gateway Casinos controlling shareholders sell 25 of casino &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; BURNABY, BC (CP) - Major unitholders of the Gateway Casinos Income Fund are selling half their controlling stake in one of Western Canada #39;s biggest casino operators.
Intel 65-nanometer chip to use less power Intel #39;s 65-nanometer process technology will not be very different from its 90-nanometer process technology, which should help make for a smoother transition between the two manufacturing techniques in 2005, according to an Intel manufacturing executive.
VERITAS to Acquire E-mail Archiving Leader KVS; Accelerates &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; MOUNTAIN VIEW, Calif. --(Business Wire)-- Aug. 31, 2004 -- VERITAS Software Corporation (Nasdaq:VRTS) today announced it has entered into a definitive agreement to acquire KVault Software Limited (KVS), the 
Hitachi, Toshiba, Matsushita Launch \$1B Joint LCD Venture Hitachi, Toshiba and Matsushita have reached a basic agreement to jointly establish a company they are currently calling the JV, to manufacture and sell LCD panels for flat-panel TVs, with operations to commence in January.
Opera browser to come to Windows Mobile Norwegian browser specialists Opera Software announce a version of their browser for Microsoft #39;s Windows Mobile platform is forthcoming.
TechBrief: Chip firms invest in nanotech Advanced Micro Devices and Infineon Technologies, which already have chip plants in Dresden, plan to invest E170 million over the next five years in a center for nanotechnology research there.
Voeller: I #39;m Ready Rudi Voeller has arrived in Rome to sign a contract that will tie him to his former club, Roma. The German coach stated that he is ready for the new challenge and he will do his best in this new adventure.
NASA to Announce Discovery of New Class of Planets By JOSEPH B. VERRENGIA    (AP) -- Astronomers have discovered four new planets in a week's time, an exciting end-of-summer flurry that signals a sharper era in the hunt for new worlds...
Life on Mars: A Definite Possibility This much is known: At some point in Mars's past, at least one region of the planet was drenched in water. Ancient Mars provided a habitat suitable for life as we know it. What kind of organism might have lived there? And is life lying dormant there still, just waiting for things to warm up a bit?
US Consumer Confidence Tumbles in August US consumer confidence fell sharply in August, breaking four straight months of gains, as a slowdown in job growth creation and rising oil prices weighed on sentiment.
Media Mogul Black  #39;Lined his Pockets Every Day #39; Not once or twice, but on dozens of occasions Hollinger was victimised by its controlling shareholders as they transferred to themselves and their affiliates more than US dollars 400 million (22 M) in the last seven years, according to the report 
USA: Interstate Bakeries delays filing full-year report US food company Interstate Bakeries has said that it has had to delay filing its fiscal year report. The company had previously obtained an extension to last Friday for filing its Fiscal 2004 Form 10-K with 
Veritas to buy maker of e-mail storage tools Veritas Software announced Tuesday that it plans to acquire KVault Software in a move designed to expand its e-mail storage and archiving offerings.
China Olympians return as heroes They were greeted at Beijing airport by a senior party leader, a brass band and a traditional drum and cymbal troop, as well as crowds of well-wishers.
Voeller set to coach Roma Former Germany coach Rudi Voeller has revealed he is close to taking over as Roma coach, following the resignation of Cesare Prandelli.
Rusty to retire after 2005. Former NASCAR Nextel (Winston) Cup Champion Rusty Wallace has confirmed that he will retire from the sport after the 2005 season during a much-awaited press conference in Daytona Beach on Monday.
Suburbia's Just Another Name for Fat City By Randy Dotinga, HealthDay Reporter    HealthDayNews -- Do sprawling communities translate into expanding waistlines? Absolutely, according to a new study that adds to a growing body of evidence that suburban living makes people fat.    A Boston University researcher found that people who live in spread-out communities are heavier than their city-bound counterparts...
Short Film Shows Virus Going in for the Kill By RICK CALLAHAN    INDIANAPOLIS (AP) -- Using a creature as hideous as any big-screen sci-fi monster, scientists have produced a one-minute horror movie starring a menacing, spidery virus swooping in on a hapless blob of bacteria.    While the shape-changing virus is clearly the villain, the bacterium is E...
Raw, Unprocessed Food Trend Catching On in U.S. Lunch crush is coming and the deli crew is busy making burgers, lime tarts and pizza dough. Things are really cooking - at least figuratively. In fact, none of the food being prepared at In The Raw will touch a flame or a griddle.
Veritas to buy maker of e-mail storage tools In KVault Software, Veritas is getting the No. 1 maker of e-mail retrieval tools, an analyst says.
Lenovo, IBM May Soon Reveal PC Unit Deal  HONG KONG (Reuters) - China's largest personal computer  maker, Lenovo Group Ltd., could announce as early as Tuesday  that it is buying control of IBM's PC-making business for up to  US\$2 billion, a source familiar with the situation said.
Briefly: Charter signs 3 phone deals roundup Plus: Open-source rival to Exchange released...Verizon sets up home in Circuit City...3i's Gagen resigns...Unify updates Java tool.
Chep changes pay off BRAMBLES #39; decision to overhaul its troubled Chep pallet business has paid off in spades by doubling second-half profit. Brambles posted an after-tax result of \$168 million for the June half, up from \$82 million for the same period last year.
WTO Approves Sanctions Against US in  #39;Byrd #39; Row The European Union and its allies got the go-ahead on Tuesday to slap potentially heavy sanctions on US goods in a row that could stir trade tensions ahead of the US elections.
Energy giant #39;s 2bn windfall ENERGY group National Grid Transco is to give shareholders a 2bn windfall after announcing the sale of four of its gas distribution networks today.
Harrah #39;s, Caesars looking to sell four casinos Harrah #39;s Entertainment (HET) and Caesars Entertainment (CZR) said Tuesday that they have begun negotiations to sell four casinos, in a move expected to reduce 
Alitalia Pressures Unions to Accept Plan Italy #39;s struggling state carrier Alitalia met with labor unions Tuesday, trying to persuade them to accept a sweeping restructuring plan after announcing a further worsening of the airline #39;s financial situation.
Circuit City Hears Verizon #39;s Call Or it could be that double-digit declines in mobile phone sales in the first quarter suggested that they go with the country #39;s largest wireless service provider instead.
Day 2 in Kobe Bryant jury selection Prosecutors and defense attorneys in the Kobe Bryant rape trial will quiz 41 new potential jurors behind closed doors Tuesday, after questioning the same number a day earlier.
Don #39;t rule it out completely Incredulity and bewilderment greeted today #39;s suggestion that rugby #39;s World Cup winning coach Clive Woodward might be England #39;s next football saviour.
Voeller moves to Roma Roma have appointed former German national coach Rudi Voeller as their new boss. Voeller, who resigned his post with Germany after Euro 2004, has spent the day in the Italian capital discussing the move and 
Not all QB questions answered Matt Gutierrez will start at quarterback for the University of Michigan on Saturday against Miami (Ohio). It #39;s right up there with  quot;dog bites man quot; on the surprise scale.
Moscow fears two more suicide bombers Russian security officials are concerned two female suicide bombers who downed two planes last week arrived in Moscow with two other women from Chechnya.
AOL testing Net phone service The online giant is quietly calling on beta testers to try out its take on VoIP.
Apple puts the squeeze on new iMac All of the new iMac G5 fits inside what the company calls an "enchanting" flat-screen display.
Apple unwraps new iMac G5s at Paris show The new iMac's screen is suspended above the desk like that of its predecessor, but its processor, hard disk and DVD drive are concealed behind the screen rather than in the base.
Opera to launch browser for Windows Mobile Norwegian browser developer Opera Software ASA has developed a product to run on Microsoft Corp.'s Windows Mobile operating system, with plans to ship demonstration versions to mobile phone operators and manufacturers in the coming weeks.
Sun readies app server upgrade Sun Microsystems is readying an upgrade to its enterprise-level application server and is touting new downloading figures as evidence of the companys growing presence in the application server market.
Apple unwraps new iMac G5s  PARIS -- Apple Computer Inc. will begin shipping its new iMac G5 desktop computer worldwide in mid-September, the company's top marketing executive said Tuesday.
Samsung develops high-capacity smart card chip Samsung Electronics Co. Ltd. has begun producing a smart card IC (integrated circuit) chip that the company claims contains a larger amount of erasable and programmable memory than those of competitors, it said in a statement on Tuesday.
Skype dials up beta software for Mac OS X Skype Technologies SA, of Luxembourg, Tuesday released a beta version of its free Internet telephony software for Apple Computer Inc.'s Mac OS X.&lt;p&gt;ADVERTISEMENT&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;&lt;img src="http://ad.doubleclick.net/ad/idg.us.ifw.general/ibmpseries;sz=1x1;ord=200301151450?" width="1" height="1" border="0"/&gt;&lt;a href="http://ad.doubleclick.net/clk;9824455;9690404;u?http://ad.doubleclick.net/clk;9473681;9688522;d?http://www.ibm.com/servers/eserver/pseries/campaigns/boardroom/index.html?ca=pSeries met=boardroom me=E P_Creative=P_InfoW_RSS"&gt;Introducing IBM eServer p5 systems.&lt;/a&gt;&lt;br/&gt;Powered by IBMs most advanced 64-bit microprocessor (POWER5(tm)), p5 systems can run UNIX and Linux simultaneously. Learn more about eServer p5 systems.&lt;/p&gt;
AMD demos first dual-core processor Advanced Micro Devices Inc. (AMD) has demonstrated the company's first dual-core microprocessors at its Austin, Texas, office, the company said Tuesday.
Microsoft Taking on Apple's iTunes Music Store By ALLISON LINN    SEATTLE (AP) -- Microsoft Corp. (MSFT), hoping to take a bite out of Apple Computer Inc...
Handheld Computers Aid Republican Convention Security By HANNAH LOBEL     NEW YORK (AP) -- Submachine gun, check. Semiautomatic pistol, check...
Apple Unveils New IMac at Paris Expo Apple Computer Inc. (AAPL) on Tuesday introduced its new iMac, the latest version of the consumer desktop computer that restored the company's fortunes as a force in personal computing.
Fujitsu Limited Ad-hoc-Mitteilung verarbeitet und bermittelt durch die DGAP. Fr den Inhalt der Mitteilung ist der Emittent verantwortlich. SAN JOSE, Calif.
Apple Unveils iMac G5 The new iMac G5, which begins shipping worldwide mid-September, features the high-performance G5 processor and a stunning new design that integrates the entire computer right into its 17- or 20-inch flat panel display. The iMac G5 packs a complete computer system into a mere two inches of depth  #151; the world #146;s thinnest desktop computer, with a G5 processor running up to 1.8 GHz. Aug 31
Apple Support Site Among Top 10 The Association of Support Professionals announced the winners of its seventh annual "Ten Best Web Support Sites" competition, showcasing excellence in online service and support. Apple was included in the 2004 list of winners, chosen by evaluating overall usability, design and navigation; knowledge base and search implementation; interactive features; and personalization. Aug 31
WTO authorizes sanctions against US for anti-dumping law (AFP) AFP - The World Trade Organisation authorized the European Union and seven countries to impose millions of dollars' worth of sanctions in retaliation for a US anti-dumping law, a diplomat said.
US Consumers Anxious About Lack of Hiring  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. consumer confidence retreated in  August while Chicago-area business activity slowed, according  to reports on Tuesday that added to worries the economy's patch  of slow growth may last beyond the summer.
Dollar Slumps After Weak U.S. Data  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The dollar sagged on Tuesday as softer  U.S. data on Tuesday re-ignited worries that the world's  largest economy has yet to recover from its recent soft patch.
Iraqi Militants Kill 12 Nepali Hostages - Web Site  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - A militant Iraqi group said it had  killed 12 Nepali hostages and showed pictures of one being  beheaded and others being shot dead, the worst mass killing of  captives since a wave of kidnappings erupted in April.
Zimbabwe tobacco crop falls again Zimbabwe's tobacco crop, one of the country's main exportable commodities, falls for the fourth year running.
India plans to help boost exports India unveils a package of trade incentives, aimed at helping the country grow its exports by 20 a year for the next five years.
Plato Gets Top Grade The company gets a boost from its Lightspan acquisition, but will future growth be slow?
Radio 4 revives Hitchhiker's game A Douglas Adams game is revived to mark a new Hitchhiker's Guide To The Galaxy radio series.
India plans to help boost exports India has unveiled a package of trade incentives, aimed at helping the country grow its exports by 20 a year for the next five years.
Avalon, WinFS decoupled for Windows Shorthorn As we suggested on Friday, two mainstays of Windows Longhorn will be  #39;decoupled #39; from the 2006 release, with Microsoft dropping the WinFS storage and query system.
Apple Announces New iMac That Breaks Design Barriers Just like the iPod redefined portable digital music players, the new iMac G5 redefines what users expect from a consumer desktop, Schiller told the audience.
US IT spend to mark modest growth US IT spending will grow by seven per cent next year, according to a study out yesterday from IT analysts Forrester Research. Forrester predicts that spending on IT goods, services, and staff will remain at seven per cent over the next three years.
FrontBridge Fills Archiving Gaps FrontBridge Technologies put its best foot forward with an acquisition and the launch of a new managed service, the company said Monday.
Milosevic War Crimes Trial Resumes The trial of Slobodan Milosevic on war crimes charges has resumed in The Hague with the former Yugoslav president launching a spirited defense.
British Based Preacher Probed over Child Trafficking A Britain-based preacher who claims to perform miracles on barren women is being investigated in connection with an alleged child-trafficking ring that spans five countries, Kenyan police said today.
Sun sales tactic targets Linux Company will compensate its sales staff for selling non-Sun machines, as part of its effort to boost Solaris on x86 hardware.
Opera Lands on Windows Mobile Alternative browser will be available on portable devices running Microsoft's OS.
OPEC chief expects oil prices to ease from recent high levels By Channel NewsAsia #39;s Indonesia Bureau Chief Haseenah Koyakutty. JAKARTA : The head of the Organisation of Petroleum Exporting Countries, or OPEC, says he expects global oil prices to come well off their current crippling highs.
Transco sells four gas networks National Grid Transco has sold half of its gas distribution networks for 5.8bn (\$10.4bn), it was announced today. The move has been welcomed by the gas and electricity regulator Ofgem, which said new competition in the sector could lower prices.
Harrah #39;s, Caesars in talks to sell casinos Harrah #39;s Entertainment Inc. and Caesars Entertainment Inc., both of Las Vegas, have begun talks to sell four casinos to a group led by Colony Capital LLC, according to media reports.
WTO OKs Sanctions Vs. US in Trade Row The European Union and its allies got the go-ahead on Tuesday to slap potentially heavy sanctions on US goods in a row that could stir trade tensions ahead of the US elections.
Outsourcing CEOs Get Big Pay Hikes NEW YORK - US companies that outsourced the most jobs in 2003 also offered well-above average pay increases to their chief executives, according to a new study released this morning.
Charter will add phone service Madison area cable provider Charter Communications is set to complete the  quot;telecom triple play quot; with the addition of phone service.
Intel Builds New Chips with 65 Nanometer Process Technology  quot;The achievement extends Intel #39;s effort to drive the development of new manufacturing process technology every two years, in accordance with Moore #39;s Law, quot; Intel said in a statement.
AMD Demonstrates 90nm x86 Dual-Core Processor AMD has been demonstrating the industrys first x86 dual-core processor at its Austin facilities on an HP ProLiant DL585 server powered by four dual-core Opteron processors manufactured on 90nm SOI process technology, the company announced today.
Cluster Workstations bring supercomputing to power users #39; desks Santa Clara, California start-up Orion Multisystems is trying to take the benefits of supercomputers and put them into a workstation for power users.
China #39;s Olympic flying start AS the excitement of the Athens Olympic Games fades, the build-up to Beijing 2008 is in full swing. The countdown to China began last weekend when Beijing #39;s mayor took possession of the Olympic flag at the Athens closing ceremony.
Senegal Draws Up Locust Battle Plan for West Africa Only a military-style operation with bases across West Africa can stop the worst locust invasion for 15 years destroying vital food supplies, Senegal #39;s President Abdoulaye Wade said Tuesday.
US Consumers Anxious About Lack of Hiring (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. consumer confidence retreated in\August while Chicago-area business activity slowed, according\to reports on Tuesday that added to worries the economy's patch\of slow growth may last beyond the summer.
Dollar Slumps After Weak U.S. Data (Reuters) Reuters - The dollar sagged on Tuesday as softer\U.S. data on Tuesday re-ignited worries that the world's\largest economy has yet to recover from its recent soft patch.
France Enters Hostage Crisis Talks (AP) AP - France intensified efforts Tuesday to save the lives of two journalists held hostage in Iraq, and the Arab League said the militants' deadline for France to revoke a ban on Islamic headscarves in schools had been extended.
U.N. Searches for Missing Aid Workers (AP) AP - U.N. workers searched by land and air Tuesday for eight Sudanese aid workers missing in rebel-controlled territory in the western Darfur region, officials said Tuesday.
SCH bank says Abbey move will not dilute industrial holdings (AFP) AFP - Leading Spanish bank Santander Central Hispano said that its hoped-for acquisition of British home-loan specialist Abbey National would not require asset sales, adding there was as yet no counter-offer.
Sikhs flock to Amritsar for Guru Granth Sahib anniversary (Reuters) Reuters - Hundreds of thousands of Sikhs congregated in the northern Indian city of Amritsar on Tuesday for the 400th anniversary celebration of the installation of the Sikh sacred book at the religion's holiest shrine.
Apple Unveils New iMac at Paris Show The new model, unveiled at the opening of the Apple Expo in Paris, upgrades the iMac line with the faster G5 processors already used in Apple's top-end Power Macs.
USTR to Comply After WTO Sanctions Threat  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Bush administration said it  would work with Congress to avoid U.S. exports being hit with  potentially hundreds of millions of dollars in new sanctions  approved on Tuesday by the World Trade Organization.
WTO rules for EU in US trade row The World Trade Organisation gives the EU and seven countries the chance to impose sanctions in retaliation for a US anti-dumping law.
Consumer confidence falls Consumer confidence, which had been on the rise since April, declined unexpectedly sharply in August, a private research group said Tuesday.
OPEC: Group Doing All It Can To Stabilize Oil Prices OPEC President Purnomo Yusgiantoro highlighted the impact of the current high oil prices, saying the direct contribution of the increase in global oil prices to the economic slowdown 
Hollinger #39;s Black Victimized #39; Company, Report Says (Update1) Hollinger International Inc., publisher of the Chicago Sun-Times, said former Chief Executive Conrad Black and controlling shareholders victimized #39; #39; the company by transferring \$400 million of company funds to their own accounts.
UPDATE 2-Veritas to buy e-mail archive company KVault Veritas Software Corp. (VRTS.O: Quote, Profile, Research) , the largest independent US storage software provider, will buy e-mail backup company KVault Software Ltd.
Jewel-Osco impacted by Calif. strike Albertsons Inc., the No. 2 US grocer, Tuesday reported a substantial drop in its quarterly profit as heavy promotions to revive its Southern California sales after a strike bit into its profit.
SM amp;A shares tumble after revenue warning Shares of SM amp;A (WINS.O: Quote, Profile, Research) tumbled more than 20 percent on Tuesday, a day after the consultant to defense companies warned that its third-quarter and 2004 revenue would fall short as political events in 
Investors squash units of Hot House Growers fund VANCOUVER - Investors sent units of Hot House Growers Income Fund down more than 35 per after the fund said it is suspending cash distributions.
Apple unveils worlds thinnest desktop in Paris PARIS, Aug 31 (AFP) - Apple Computer launched here Tuesday the newest version of its iMac model, which at two inches (five centimeters) is the world #39;s thinnest desktop computer, the company said.
Veritas to buy KVault Software in \$225m deal Veritas Software is to acquire email archiving firm KVault Software (KVS) to bolster its utility computing abilities. The traditional storage management giant will pay \$225m for KVS, which will be operate 
Novell has new face under Linux, identity services Editor #39;s Summary: Novell announced this week it has reorganized internally to better focus on two development areas: Linux and identity services.
Open-source rival to Exchange released Netline Internet Service, an Olpe, Germany-based company that develops a competitor to Microsoft #39;s Exchange e-mail and collaboration server software, on Monday fulfilled a promise to release its product as open-source software.
UPDATE 2-Manchester United held 0-0 by Everton Manchester United were denied three times by the woodwork as they were held on Monday to a 0-0 home draw by Everton, the club whose England striker Wayne Rooney they hope to sign before Tuesday #39;s transfer deadline.
US, Iraqis Discuss Aid to Najaf, Baghdad BAGHDAD, Iraq Aug. 31, 2004 - US and Iraqi officials on Tuesday discussed ways to step up aid to Najaf and a war-battered neighborhood in Baghdad after rebel cleric Muqtada al-Sadr called on his followers to end their uprising.
Cambodian Assembly Ratifies WTO Membership Cambodia has taken a major step into the international trading system, with the National Assembly approving membership in the World Trade Organization.
Copernic Unleashes Desktop Search Tool Copernic Unleashes Desktop Search Tool\\Copernic Technologies Inc. today announced Copernic Desktop Search(TM) (CDS(TM)), "The Search Engine For Your PC (TM)." Copernic has used the experience gained from over 30 million downloads of its Windows-based Web search software to develop CDS, a desktop search product that users are saying is far ...
State of Iraqi Oil Exports Unclear (AP) AP - The status of Iraq's crucial oil exports was mired in confusion Tuesday, with government and industry officials giving contradictory statements about whether oil was flowing or whether there were even oil tankers at the port here.
Opera Lands on Windows Mobile (PC World) PC World - Alternative browser will be available on portable devices running Microsoft's OS.
Hollinger Panel Says Owners Took Cash  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Former Hollinger International Chief  Executive Conrad Black and other former executives looted the  company of more than \$400 million, using the company as a  "piggy bank" to pay for private jets and club memberships,  according to a report filed on Tuesday.
Hungarian Hammer Thrower Annus Will Not Return Gold  BUDAPEST (Reuters) - Hungarian hammer thrower Adrian Annus  is refusing to give back his Olympic gold medal after being  stripped of his title for failing to take a drugs test.
Stocks Fall as Intel Update Awaited  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Stocks fell on Tuesday as a sharp drop  in U.S. consumer confidence in August stirred fresh doubt about  the economy and analysts lowered revenue forecasts for  technology bellwether Intel Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=INTC.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;INTC.O&lt;/A&gt;
Crude Oil Little Changed After Falling on Rising Iraqi Output Crude oil futures were little changed after falling yesterday for the seventh day in eight as Iraqi exports rose and Russia said it would increase output this year.
All Eyes on Tokyo In the battle between Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi (Tokyo, Yen 106 trillion in assets) and Sumitomo Mitsui Financial Group (Tokyo, Yen 94 trillion in assets) for UFJ (Tokyo, Yen 82 trillion in assets), the stakes include more than just UFJ #39;s assets.
Consumers Anxious About Lack of Hiring US consumer confidence sank in August while Chicago-area business activity slowed, according to reports on Tuesday that added to worries the economy #39;s patch of sluggish growth may last beyond the summer.
UPDATE 2-Forest says Alzheimer #39;s drug fails to meet goal Forest Laboratories Inc. (FRX.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Tuesday said its experimental treatment for Alzheimer #39;s disease failed to prove effective in a large clinical trial, sending its shares lower in after-hours trading.
Enron to begin US pipeline auction on Wednesday Enron Corp. (ENRNQ.PK: Quote, Profile, Research) begins the last major leg of its 2-1/2 year trip through bankruptcy on Wednesday when it kicks off an auction to sell its US gas pipelines, the company said.
Ex-Amvescap chiefs fined \$3.34m for funds scandal Three former employees at fund manager Amvescap yesterday agreed to pay penalties totalling \$3.34m (1.9m) to settle charges relating to the US mutual funds scandal.
UPDATE 3-Open Text profit weakens, stock down after hours Software maker Open Text Corp. (OTC.TO: Quote, Profile, Research) reported a weaker fourth-quarter profit on Tuesday and warned its current quarter will come 
Public Officials Question Bank Of America Job Cuts Rhode Island Gov. Don Carcieri has joined a chorus of public officials questioning whether Bank of America broke commitments by ordering job cuts after its acquisition of FleetBoston Financial Corp.
Update 1: Six Flags Shares Up on Gates, Redskins Pressure from Microsoft chairman and shareholder Bill Gates over a sagging financial outlook and news that Washington Redskins owner Daniel Snyder has bought nearly 9 percent of Six Flags, Inc.
Update 5: Schwab Sells Division to UBS for \$265M Backpedaling from a recent expansion, Charles Schwab Corp. is selling an institutional investment and research division to Swiss banking giant UBS AG for \$265 million, another step in the struggling stock brokerage #39;s push to regain its Main Street appeal.
Hudson #39;s Bay Has Second-Quarter Loss as Sales Fizzle (Update3) Hudson #39;s Bay Co., Canada #39;s biggest department store chain, said it had its first second-quarter net loss in seven years as unseasonably cool weather damped demand for summer clothing.
Nafta Backs Canada on Challenge of US Lumber Duties (Update2) The US may have to drop 27 percent duties on \$4.6 billion of Canadian lumber shipments after a trade tribunal ruled that the US lumber industry isn #39;t being harmed by imports from Canada.
New planets in a class of their own: astronomers WASHINGTON - Astronomers in the US say they #39;ve discovered a new class of planets orbiting stars outside our solar system. The two  quot;exoplanets quot; are small compared to earlier finds.
The supercomputer that fits into a screen just two inches thin They used to fill entire floors of buildings and were so costly only governments or large companies could afford them. Yesterday, Apple Computer showed just how far technology 
Allchin on Longhorn: We #39;ve Had to Make Some Hard Trade-offs Jim Allchin, Microsoft group vice president for platforms, discussed Microsoft #39;s recent decisions on Windows  quot;Longhorn quot; development in a recorded message for Microsoft #39;s Channel 9 that was 
Samsung Buys Into Digital Wallet Chips Samsung has ordered a chunk of Near Field Communication chips from Philips. Like DoCoMo #39;s FeliCa, these chips are primarily expected to be used in mobile banking applications, but can be used for tickets, electronic locks and more.
Skype takes VoIP software to the Mac Skype launched a version of its Internet telephony package for Mac owners on Tuesday, as it battles a growing number of competitors offering VoIP products.
Veritas to Buy E-Mail Company KVault Veritas Software Corp. (VRTS.O: Quote, Profile, Research) , the largest independent US storage software provider, said on Tuesday it will buy e-mail backup company KVault Software Ltd.
AMD Shows Off Dual-Core Microprocessor It said it has demonstrated a working version of the technology based on its Opteron chip. By Darrell Dunn. The shift to dual-core microprocessors continues to accelerate.
Fred L. Whipple, pioneer in comet research, dead at 97 CAMBRIDGE, Mass. A native of Red Oak, Iowa, who was a pioneer in astronomy who proposed the  quot;dirty snowball quot; theory for the substance of comets, has died.
US IT Spending to Grow 7 Next Year Consistent with the cyclical nature of IT spending, where periods of digestion and refinement follow periods of heavy technology investment, Forrester Research Inc.
Copernic Desktop Search Takes Aim at Microsoft Privately held Copernic Technologies on Tuesday released free desktop search software ahead of expected offerings from Microsoft Corp.
Thanks, Linux Is Linus Torvalds secretly working for Microsoft? That sounds crazy until you consider that lately, the free operating system he created, Linux, has been helping Microsoft close deals.
Opera Browser To Be Available For Windows Mobile Norwegian browser vendor Opera Software said Tuesday it has developed a version of its browser for devices using the Microsoft Windows Mobile platform.
FCC Appeals Cable Broadband Decision The Supreme Court is expected to review a decision by the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals in San Francisco that ruled cable modem services should be regulated as a telecommunications service.
Aruba brings Wi-Fi down from the ceiling AUGUST 31, 2004 (TECHWORLD.COM) - Aruba Wireless Networks Inc. yesterday unveiled a change of direction in its Wi-Fi systems. Instead of installing a limited number of wireless access points (AP) in the ceiling 
Miniscule atomic clock demonstrated in US Washington, Sept. 1. (UNI): Scientists at the US Commerce Department #39;s National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) are demonstrating the design of a new miniscule atomic clock that could be used 
Report Says IRS Software Program Isn #39;t Doing The Job The program, designed to let the agency detect and analyze cases of unauthorized access to taxpayer data, hasn #39;t worked correctly since the IRS took delivery in 2002.
VeriSign Renews ICANN Fight in Cali Getting no traction at the federal level, VeriSign (Quote, Chart) lawyers took their case against the Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers (ICANN) to the state.
Safin Suffers While Henin-Hardenne Survives A 15-year-old newcomer had defending champion Justine Henin-Hardenne on the run at the US Open Tuesday and an experienced campaigner put paid to former winner Marat Safin.
China to delay work on some Olympic venues BEIJING - Days after the euphoria of its record gold medal haul in Athens, China announced a sobering plan to delay construction of some venues for the 2008 Olympics and confirmed plans to cut down the extravagant features of two main stadiums here.
Ex-priest #39;s  #39;stunt days over #39; The defrocked Irish priest who sabotaged the Olympic Marathon has vowed that his illegal stunt days are over. Cornelius Horan, 57, was given a one-year suspended sentence by a Greek court after attacking the 
Sweden Opens Hockey World Cup with Win Over Germany Toronto Maple Leafs captain Mats Sundin shone in Sweden #39;s opening 5-2 win over Germany at the World Cup of Hockey Tuesday, scoring once and providing two assists in a match with contrasting team tactics.
Raiders #39; Woodson ends holdout CBC SPORTS ONLINE - Veteran cornerback Charles Woodson re-signed Tuesday with the Oakland Raiders, ending his lengthy holdout. Woodson, 27, inked a one-year contract reportedly worth \$8.
knows what it takes When Michigan quarterback Matt Gutierrez talks about the formula that his alma mater, De La Salle High School, has used to win a startling 151 games in a row, he talks meat and potatoes.
Report: Former captain might keep playing Former Carolina Hurricanes captain Ron Francis has turned down the team #39;s offer of a front-office job, according to a (Raleigh, NC) News  amp; Observer report Tuesday.
Israel Hunts for Militants After Twin Bus Bombings Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon ordered the army to hunt down Palestinian militants after 16 people were killed in back-to-back suicide bombings by the militant Islamic Hamas group.
Tribunal to Consider Defense Lawyer for Milosevic Former Yugoslav President Slobodan Milosevic wraps up the opening statement of his war crimes trial defense on Wednesday after launching a counterblast to charges of ethnic cleansing in the Balkans in the 1990s.
Dogs of war? These men in shackles have been whipped into &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Their wrists and feet shackled, the accused half-crawled, half-fell out of the high four-wheel-drives that had delivered them to a garish conference centre-turned courtroom in Equatorial Guinea #39;s capital.
Putin casts jet crashes as terrorist bombings MOSCOW President Vladimir Putin said Tuesday that a claim by an Islamic extremist group to have downed two passenger airliners a week ago, if confirmed, would prove that the conflict spilling out of Chechnya was being fueled by international terrorist 
Taiwan cancels drill in goodwill gesture TAIPEI - Taiwanese President Chen Shui-bian has called off a major military exercise slated for Sept 9 in a goodwill gesture after China cancelled its drills, Taiwanese officials said yesterday.
Iran Arrests Dozens on Suspicion of Spying on its Nukes Iran says it has arrested dozens of alleged spies, including several it accuses of sending nuclear secrets abroad to Iran #39;s enemies.
US Seeks Quick UN Vote Warning Syria on Lebanon Washington on Tuesday swept aside objections from Beirut and called for a Security Council vote within days on a draft resolution to put pressure on Syria to respect Lebanese sovereignty.
Foreign Office team to visit North Korea Britain is to send a minister for the first time to the reclusive communist state of North Korea to press for action over the issue of nuclear weaponry and to improve its human rights record.
Chilean judge to question Pinochet SANTIAGO - A judge is to question former Chilean dictator Augusto Pinochet early next week about political killings during his iron-fisted rule, court sources said Tuesday.
Manchester United Confirm Rooney Signing Manchester United is delighted to announce that it has finalised an agreement with Everton Football Club for the transfer of Wayne Rooney.
Serena Williams unleashes leather-clad gladiators on court! LONDON: Soon the formal white skirts and tops which are a trademark for tennis, will give way to hep leather jackets, pleated gladiator-style minis and sexy knee-high boots, thanks to a new fashion range launched by tennis star Serena Williams.
Seattle swaps veteran catcher to Twins SEATTLE -- Catcher Pat Borders, a 22-year major league veteran who #39;s spent four seasons with the Seattle Mariners organization, was traded to the Minnesota Twins on Tuesday.
Astronomers Spot Smallest Planets Yet Aug. 31, 2004 - American astronomers say they have discovered the two smallest planets yet orbiting nearby stars, trumping a small planet discovery by European scientists five days ago and capping the latest 
Apple #39;s New iMac Is All Display Apple Computer (Quote, Chart) took the wraps off its new iMac family with a design that puts the entire computer into the flat-panel display.
Veritas Software Buys Email Backup Firm Veritas Software Corp. , the leading storage software provider, said on Tuesday it agreed to acquire email backup company KVault Software Ltd.
AMD Shows Off Dual Core Processor AMD took the wraps off its first ever x86 64-bit dual-core processor during demonstrations held at the company #39;s Austin facilities Tuesday.
Panasonic and Toshiba Look to Establishing a Joint Venture to Make &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Toshiba Corporation ( quot;Toshiba quot;) and  lt; ahref= quot;http://matsushita.co.jp quot; target= quot;_new quot; gt;Matsushita Electric Industrial Co.
New front: Recording of digital broadcasts Technologies that let people record satellite and Internet radio broadcasts digitally are opening a new front in the recording industry #39;s war on music piracy.
Bryant watches selection of jurors EAGLE (Colorado): Basketball star Kobe Bryant dodged photographers Tuesday and slipped through a back entrance into the court for the third day of jury selection for his rape trial.
Syria-Dictated Move Prompts Political Uproar in Lebanon Lebanon #39;s hothouse politics have been thrown into turmoil by Syria #39;s insistence - at a suddenly summoned special cabinet meeting over the weekend - that the president 
UBS to buy Schwab #39;s trading unit UBS said Tuesday that it would buy Charles Schwab #39;s market making, research and institutional trading unit for \$265 million in cash.
Transco to sell 4 gas networks for \$10.4 bn National Grid Transco (NGT), the UK gas and electricity distributor, announced today a sale price of 5.8 billion (\$10.4 billion) in cash and 130 million in liabilities for four of its local gas distribution networks.
Reporter #39;s Notebook: Apple Expo Eyes iMac G5 PARISWhile one of the world #39;s great metropolitan centers, Paris may be known more for its bright lights than for technology introductions.
Licensing  #39;appeasement #39; triggered Longhorn change Microsoft wants to release its Longhorn client operating system in 2006 in order to  quot;appease quot; the customers that have bought into its Software Assurance licensing package, according to analyst Gartner.
TechBrief: Japan pact on TV displays Hitachi, Matsushita Electric Industrial and Toshiba have struck a deal to jointly make displays for flat-screen televisions, starting as early as July 2006, the Japanese companies said Tuesday.
SP2 Said To Cause Problems In 10 Percent of Windows XP PCs Upgrading to Service Pack 2 (SP2) will cause problems with about one out of every 10 PC running Windows XP, according to research published Tuesday by a Canadian asset-monitoring service provider.
Sanyo to jointly develop HD-DVD with Toshiba, NEC OSAKA, Aug 31, 2004 (Kyodo via COMTEX) -- Sanyo Electric Co. will jointly develop a next-generation DVD format, called HD-DVD, with Toshiba Corp.
Legendary status eludes Schu Michael Schumacher #39;s performances this season have shown the world why, even at the most difficult tracks in the world, he remains peerless in Formula One.
Borders dealt to Twins for outfielder Garbe The Mariners traded catcher Pat Borders to the Minnesota Twins today, in exchange for BJ Garbe, a minor league outfielder from Moses Lake.
Kyle Eckel Nominated For The Doak Walker Award DALLAS, TEXAS - The SMU Athletic Forum announced today the names of the candidates for the 2004 Doak Walker Award, presented annually to the nation #39;s top college running back.
Francis spurns offer to join Hurricanes #39; front office RALEIGH, NC - Ron Francis apparently won #39;t join the front office of the Carolina Hurricanes, the team he led to the Stanley Cup finals two years ago.
Two bus blasts in southern Israel kill 16 At least 16 Israelis were killed Tuesday and almost 100 injured when two Palestinians aboard buses blew themselves up within seconds of each other.
Female Bomber Kills 9 in Moscow, Officials Say A female bomber detonated an explosion outside a subway station in Moscow this evening, killing herself and at least 9 others and wounding 37, officials said.
WTO: Nations Can Retaliate Against US Description: The World Trade Organization tells US trading partners they can retaliate against the United States over the so-called Byrd Amendment.
Japan megabank turns deaf ear IN many markets, investor response to Sumitomo Mitsui Financial Group #39;s 1-for-1 merger offer to UFJ Holdings would have been predictable and nearly instantaneous.
Eye On Stocks For Wednesday, Sept. 1 A much-watched Alzheimer #39;s medicine Forest Laboratories (nyse: FRX - news - people ) was developing with Germany #39;s Merz failed to show a statistically significant benefit in a clinical trial.
United Airlines plans to recall nearly 375 flight attendants United Airlines, the world #39;s second-largest airline, is recalling nearly 375 flight attendants to increase that work force about 2 percent as it boosts international flights and keeps its aircraft flying for more hours.
Update 3: Oil Prices Drop \$1 Despite Iraq Sabotage Oil futures dropped by nearly \$1 per barrel Monday despite pipeline sabotage in Iraq that has delayed exports from a southern port - reinforcing the view among traders that prices had risen too fast earlier this summer.
China temporarily suspends IPOs China said Tuesday it will temporarily suspend initial public offerings until it comes up with new rules on share offer pricing. The China Securities Regulatory Commission 
Report Shows CEO Pay Soars at Companies That Outsource Overseas CEOs at companies that outsource the most US jobs are rewarded with bigger paychecks, according to a new report,  quot;Executive Excess 2004: Campaign Contributions, Outsourcing, Unexpensed Stock 
FCC Asks Supreme Court To Rule on Broadband The Federal Communications Commission (FCC) has asked the Supreme Court to hear an appeal that could determine whether cable broadband providers can be forced to open their networks to other Internet providers.
SANYO to Adopt HD DVD Standard to Develop Next Generation DVDs TOKYO --(Business Wire)-- Aug. 31, 2004 -- SANYO Electric Co., Ltd. (SANYO) has decided to adopt the HD DVD standard promoted in the DVD forum, an international association that brings together some 220 consumer 
McGill A Doak Walker Award Candidate DALLAS, TEXAS - University of North Carolina sophomore tailback Ronnie McGill is on the preseason list of candidates for the Doak Walker Award, announced today by the SMU Athletic Forum.
Video May Show Deaths of Nepalese Hostages Description: Video is posted on a website that could show the execution in Iraq of 12 hostages from Nepal. The hostages came to Iraq to work as cooks and cleaners for a Jordanian firm.
HDTV 'Starter' Kit for PC Comes with Some Kinks (Reuters) Reuters - High-definition television can\show the sweat beading on an athlete's brow, but the cost of\all the necessary electronic equipment can get a shopper's own\pulse racing.
Video Game Sales Seen Pausing After Record 2003 (Reuters) Reuters - Video game sales soared to a record\ #36;18.2 billion last year, but the days of strong growth are on\pause as players await a new generation of consoles in 2005 and\2006, a new study showed on Wednesday.
Argentina Rebuffs IMF Managing Director (Reuters) Reuters - In a tense meeting\marred by violent street protests, Argentine President Nestor\Kirchner on Tuesday told the head of the IMF to "not even\dream" of Argentina setting aside more money to pay its\defaulted debt.
WTO OKs Trade Sanctions Against U.S. (Reuters) Reuters - The European Union and its  allies got\the go-ahead on Tuesday to impose some  #36;150 million in\sanctions on U.S. goods in a dispute that could stir trade\tensions ahead of the U.S. elections.
At least 10 killed, more than 50 hurt in explosions near Moscow subway station (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - MOSCOW (AP) - A woman strapped with explosives blew herself up outside a busy Moscow subway station Tuesday night, killing at least 10 people and wounding more than 50 - the second terrorist attack to hit Russia in a week.
Rights group says libel suit deepens assault on Thailand's media (AFP) AFP - US-based Human Rights Watch warned that a libel suit against critics of Thai Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra filed by a corporation he founded, along with increasing government pressure on the media was threatening to stifle press freedom in Thailand.
Trail Blazers Agree to Terms With Miles (AP) AP - The Portland Trail Blazers agreed to terms with restricted free agent Darius Miles on Tuesday.
New Front: Recording of Digital Broadcasts (AP) AP - Technologies that let people record satellite and Internet radio broadcasts digitally are opening a new front in the recording industry's war on music piracy.
Wayne Rooney Joins Manchester United (AP) AP - Wayne Rooney joined Manchester United on Tuesday despite a last minute holdup caused by his broken foot.
Apple Expo: Apple intros iMac G5 (MacCentral) MacCentral - Apple's senior vice-president of worldwide marketing, Phil Schiller, took\a cue from his boss, CEO Steve Jobs, as he unveiled one more thing at the\end of his keynote to kick off this week's Apple Expo in Paris: an iMac G5 that includes the entire\system inside a 17- or 20-inch LCD screen. Continuing the all-in-one theme\that started with the original CRT iMac, the G5 edition features a new\industrial design that does away with the hemispherical base of the previous\generation all together. Schiller said that the new iMacs will be available\in mid-September.
Sweden Skates Past Germany 5-2 in Worlds (AP) AP - Mats Sundin had a goal and two assists to lead Sweden past Germany 5-2 Tuesday in the World Cup of Hockey opener for both teams.
Citadel Postpones Opener Over Hurricane (AP) AP - The Citadel has postponed its home opener against nearby Charleston Southern because of the potential that Hurricane Frances could be off the coast of South Carolina this weekend.
Philips, Samsung Partner on NFC Technology (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - Korea-based Samsung is preparing to develop mobile devices that\use Philips (NYSE: PHG) NFC chips, as the two electronics giants join forces to push a\nascent touch-based wireless technology called "near field communication"\(NFC).
Novell Revamps Business Units (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - Novell (Nasdaq: NOVL) is launching an internal reorganization to emphasize its Linux expertise, according to news accounts. By combining its Nterprise and Linux operations into one overall Platform and Application Service group, Novell will be able to better concentrate on the enterprise Linux market.
Consumers Anxious About Lack of Hiring  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. consumer confidence sank in  August while Chicago-area business activity slowed, according  to reports on Tuesday that added to worries the economy's patch  of sluggish growth may last beyond the summer.
Woods' Play May Influence New TV Golf Deal (AP) AP - The PGA Tour has always had an impeccable sense of timing when it comes to negotiating television contracts.
Burst Attorney Deposes Microsoft Chairman (AP) AP - An attorney for a software company suing Microsoft Corp. for alleged anticompetitive behavior deposed Bill Gates last week and plans to ask a judge to make the testimony public.
Kerry Will Buy  #36;45M TV Time in 20 States (AP) AP - Previewing its fall strategy, John Kerry's presidential campaign will buy  #36;45 million worth of commercial time in 20 states through Election Day, including spots on cable television and advertising geared toward minorities.
Analyst: CRM, Supply-Chain Software To Lead Spending (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - Over the next several years, an increasingly larger share of I.T. budgets will go toward externally facing applications, according to Yankee Group.
WTO OKs Trade Sanctions Against U.S.  GENEVA (Reuters) - The European Union and its  allies got  the go-ahead on Tuesday to impose some \$150 million in  sanctions on U.S. goods in a dispute that could stir trade  tensions ahead of the U.S. elections.
iMac G5 Debuts as World's Thinnest Desktop (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - With a belief that less is more, Apple (Nasdaq: AAPL) has taken the wraps off its iMac G5, featuring a new design that integrates the entire computer into the flat-panel display.
Davenport Marches Into Second Round  NEW YORK (Reuters) - American favorite Lindsay Davenport  chalked up her 18th successive victory Tuesday when she beat  Lubomira Kurhajcova 6-4, 6-0 to cruise through to the second  round of the U.S. Open.
Argentina Rebuffs IMF Managing Director  BUENOS AIRES, Argentina (Reuters) - In a tense meeting  marred by violent street protests, Argentine President Nestor  Kirchner on Tuesday told the head of the IMF to "not even  dream" of Argentina setting aside more money to pay its  defaulted debt.
Kerry Faults Bush for WTO Sanctions Threat Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry on Tuesday accused the Bush administration of failing to protect American jobs from unfair foreign competition after the World 
Company chiefs who outsource jobs earn more, study finds WASHINGTON Chief executives of US companies that outsourced the greatest number of jobs reaped bigger pay and benefits last year than those from other companies, according to a study of executive compensation released Tuesday.
Sanofi #39;s first-half profit rises 21 PARIS Sanofi-Synthlabo, which this month completed its \$63 billion purchase of a rival drug manufacturer, Aventis, reported Tuesday a 21 percent jump in first-half profit on higher demand for the blood thinner Plavix and the cancer treatment Eloxatin.
Raiders Finally Sign Woodson  ALAMEDA, California (Sports Network) - Oakland cornerback  Charles Woodson finally ended a lengthy holdout Tuesday and  signed the Raiders' one-year tender. The deal is reportedly  worth \$8.782 million for the upcoming season.
Dollar Ends Lower, Focus Turns to ISM  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The dollar finished lower versus major  currencies on Tuesday after weaker-than-expected U.S. consumer  confidence and regional manufacturing reports opened the door  to some profit-taking.
Credit Suisse to Integrate Units  ZURICH (Reuters) - Credit Suisse will integrate investment  bank Credit Suisse First Boston with its private bank and aims  to float its Winterthur insurance arm, the bank said on  Tuesday, setting itself tough earnings goals.
Sweden Opens Hockey World Cup with Win Over Germany  STOCKHOLM (Reuters) - Toronto Maple Leafs captain Mats  Sundin shone in Sweden's opening 5-2 win over Germany at the  World Cup of Hockey Tuesday, scoring once and providing two  assists in a match with contrasting team tactics.
Veritas Software to buy KVault e-mail archiver NEW YORK Veritas Software, the largest independent US storage software provider, will buy the e-mail backup company KVault Software for \$225 million in cash, Veritas said Tuesday.
Sanyo to Produce HD-DVD Players Sanyo Electric, an established maker of optical drives and components, will produce both components and players for the blue-laser-based HD-DVD format, the company says.
Korzhanenko Still Refusing to Return Gold Medal  MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russia's Olympic shot put champion Irina  Korzhanenko, stripped of her gold medal after a drugs test,  said Tuesday she was determined to keep her medal because she  is innocent.
Tennis: Justine Henin-Hardenne Advances to 2nd Round of US Open Defending champion and top-seed Justine Henin-Hardenne fought off a surprising challenge Tuesday before moving into the second round of the US Open tennis tournament in New York.
Juventus signs two stars at deadline Torino, Italy (Sports Network) - Juventus served notice of its intentions Tuesday, acquiring Italian national team captain Fabio Cannavaro and talented Swedish striker Zlatan Ibrahimovic.
Baseball: Cubs and Red Sox, in lock step, stagger toward their &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; They are not sad sacks, in point of fact, the Boston Red Sox and the Chicago Cubs, or are they, inevitably? In a loony, heartbreaking coincidence, they each collapsed just short of the World Series a year 
Albertsons Profit Falls  NEW YORK (Reuters) -  Albertsons Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=ABS.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;ABS.N&lt;/A&gt;, the  second-largest U.S. grocer, on Tuesday reported a substantial  drop in second-quarter profit due to costly promotions aimed at  reviving sales following a Southern California labor strike.
Highest Labor Day Pump Prices Expected  NEW YORK (Reuters) - A record number of Americans planning  one last summer road trip this weekend will shell out the  highest Labor Day gasoline prices ever seen, and there's little  relief in sight, experts said on Tuesday.
Final Atlas 2 Rocket Again Delayed by Weather (Reuters) Reuters - Thunderstorms kept the\final flight of the Atlas 2 rocket, built by Lockheed Martin\Corp., on its Florida launch pad on Monday, the fourth time in\as many days the rocket has missed its liftoff.
Putin Sees Al-Qaida in Twin Air Crashes President Vladimir Putin said Tuesday that investigators were looking for a link between al-Qaida and Chechen rebels widely believed to have downed two planes last week.
UK Seeks Global Support for Stem Cell Research (Reuters) Reuters - Britain's leading scientific institution\said Monday it is urging countries to back a campaign to stop a\possible ban on stem cell research as part of a global treaty\banning human cloning.
Mismatch Turns Competitive as Henin-Hardenne Faces Rookie What appeared to be a mismatch took a turn for the competitive in the second set before Henin-Hardenne regrouped to win, 6-1, 6-4.
Two Neptune-Mass Planets Found, Earth-Size Worlds Next (SPACE.com) SPACE.com - Planet hunters have found two worlds roughly the mass of Neptune, each orbiting a star within 30 light-years of our solar system. The planets are likely gaseous or mixtures of ice and rock, but they might be barren rock worlds like Mercury.
Getting a Grip on Antimatter (SPACE.com) SPACE.com - Research into what separates matter from antimatter is accelerating in particle physics experiments around the world.  Scientists are hoping the difference will help explain why you, me and all the things around us are made of matter instead of its opposite.
Snyder Takes Stake in Six Flags Pressure from Microsoft chairman and shareholder Bill Gates over a sagging financial outlook and news that Washington Redskins owner Daniel Snyder has bought nearly 9 percent of Six Flags, Inc. drove the amusement park company's shares up more than 25 percent Tuesday.
IRA High on Agenda as Northern Irish Talks Open  BELFAST (Reuters) - A decade after the Irish Republican  Army's (IRA) first cease-fire came into force, negotiations  open in Northern Ireland on Wednesday aimed at reaching a deal  to stand down the guerrilla group.
U.S. Seeks Quick UN Vote Warning Syria on Lebanon  UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - Washington on Tuesday swept  aside objections from Beirut and called for a Security Council  vote within days on a draft resolution to put pressure on Syria  to respect Lebanese sovereignty.
Court Hears Case of Brain Damaged Woman (AP) AP - The Florida Supreme Court questioned lawyers Tuesday about the extent of the power handed to Gov. Jeb Bush under a law that let him order the reinsertion of a brain-damaged woman's feeding tube.
Tribunal to Consider Defense Lawyer for Milosevic  THE HAGUE (Reuters) - Former Yugoslav President Slobodan  Milosevic wraps up the opening statement of his war crimes  trial defense on Wednesday after launching a counterblast to  charges of ethnic cleansing in the Balkans in the 1990s.
Outside camp walls, life still treacherous for Darfur refugees Despite government claims, insecurity remains in western Sudan.
Kidnappings backfire on Iraq militants The kidnapping of French journalists has sparked anger across a broad spectrum of the Muslim world.
Beersheba bombers skirt the wall In Israel's worst terrorist attack in six months, two buses were hit by suicide bombers Tuesday.
Slavery is not dead, just less recognizable. Today, 27 million people are enslaved, more than at the height of the transatlantic slave trade.
Astronomers see two new planets US astronomers find the smallest worlds detected circling other stars and say it is a breakthrough in the search for life in space.
Business Week taps new editor Business Week has reached outside its own ranks and into those of The Wall Street Journal to name a new editor in chief. The 75-year-old financial magazine said yesterday that Stephen J. Adler 
Tennis: Henman battles through Tim Henman overcomes a back injury to beat Ivo Karlovic at the US Open.
Lazard plans to go public by 2005 When Michel David-Weill, chairman of Lazard LLC, chose Bruce Wasserstein to run his mergers advisory firm in November 2001, he said his new employee was  quot;a fiercely independent and original adviser.
UK no longer top asylum nation The UK has been replaced by France as the top destination for asylum seekers in the industrialised world, says the UN.
A cure for shortage? It #39;s too late for this year #39;s flu season, but a Canadian drug company yesterday said it has agreed to provide influenza vaccines to Henry Schein Inc.
Panel Says Conrad Black Ran a 'Corporate Kleptocracy' Conrad Black and other controlling shareholders of Hollinger used \$400 million for personal perks, a new report says.
Policeman accuses Gujarat BJP Gujarat  politicians prevented police from carrying out their duties during riots in 2002, a senior policeman says.
Judge Rules \$60 Million Can't Be Withheld From Ex-Freddie Mac Chief The ruling was a setback for regulators seeking to strip the compensation of a former Freddie Mac chief executive for his alleged role in the company's accounting scandal.
Albertson's Labors Over Results The leading supermarket chain is still feeling the impact of its labor dispute.
A Mirage or a Great Speculation? United Rentals' stock sinks sharply as the SEC investigates the company.
Credit Tete-a-Tete Two credit junkies talk about couples and credit, the real FICO, and conspiracies.
(Hot) Dog of the Day A new distribution deal in Russia makes Ipix look better, unless you look closely.
Can Tommy Cut It? Tommy Hilfiger is the latest exec to get a reality show. Will it help company sales?
Protesters Heed Calls for Widespread Civil Disobedience Some anti-war demonstrators prepared to symbolically "die" as near as possible to the site of the Republican National Convention.
Twin Bus Bombings in Israel Kill at Least 15 and Wound Dozens The Palestinian militant group Hamas reportedly took responsibility for the near-simultaneous blasts.
Vice chairman quits Wal-Mart Thomas Coughlin, who joined Wal-Mart Stores as head of security and rose to vice chairman, will give up the post early next year after 25 years of service that helped the company become the world #39;s biggest retailer.
Actress Theron Hurt on Germany Film Set LOS ANGELES - Oscar-winning actress Charlize Theron was injured while shooting her new Paramount film, "Aeon Flux," in Germany, but her representatives aren't saying how badly she was hurt.    Theron suffered the unspecified injury while doing her own stunts in a wire-hanging action sequence, the movie's publicist, Jeanmarie Carrasco, told The Associated Press Tuesday...
Safin Makes Early Exit at U.S. Open NEW YORK - Just like at Wimbledon two months ago, Marat Safin exited at the earliest stage of the U.S. Open on Tuesday, bowing meekly to Thomas Enqvist 7-6 (5), 6-4, 3-6, 6-3...
12 Nepalese Hostages Said Slain in Iraq BAGHDAD, Iraq - A gruesome video posted on a Web site purported to show militants beheading a Nepalese worker and shooting 11 others in the first mass slaying of foreign hostages during the Iraqi insurgency.    If confirmed, it would raise the number of foreign workers known to have been slain by extremists to at least 22 in a terror campaign aimed at forcing foreign troops and contract workers out of the country....
Bush Recants, Says Terror War Will Be Won NASHVILLE, Tenn. - President Bush said repeatedly on Tuesday that the United States will win its war against terrorism, trying to contain political damage from the doubt he expressed a day earlier...
Astronomers Spot Smallest Planets Yet American astronomers say they have discovered the two smallest planets yet orbiting nearby stars, trumping a small planet discovery by European scientists five days ago and capping the latest round in a frenzied hunt for other worlds like Earth.    All three of these smaller planets belong to a new class of "exoplanets" - those that orbit stars other than our sun, the scientists said in a briefing Tuesday...
Media Brass Bullish on  #39;05 Entertainment industry executives got to strut their stuff Monday as two big traditional winter investor conferences kicked off here with a star-studded lineup.
Stocks Up Despite Consumer Confidence News NEW YORK - A late-session buying spurt gave stocks a moderate lift Tuesday as investors managed to overcome their disappointment over troubling readings on consumer confidence and manufacturing. But with volume extremely light, analysts said it was difficult to place any real significance on the upturn...
Soledad O'Brien Gives Birth to Twin Boys NEW YORK - Soledad O'Brien's American mornings will be getting a lot more bleary-eyed. The CNN anchor, co-host of "American Morning" with Bill Hemmer, gave birth to twin boys Monday...
Microsoft Takes On ITunes Microsoft plans to launch an online music store. Also: Copernic Technologies releases free desktop search software   hellip;. Hitachi, Matsushita Electric Industrial and Toshiba team up to make displays for flat-screen TVs   hellip;. and more.
Guinness recognises jet record The Guinness Book of Records officially recognises the speed record set by Nasa's X-43A hypersonic aircraft.
HDTV 'Starter' Kit for PC Comes with Some Kinks  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - High-definition television can  show the sweat beading on an athlete's brow, but the cost of  all the necessary electronic equipment can get a shopper's own  pulse racing.
Video Game Sales Seen Pausing After Record 2003  LONDON (Reuters) - Video game sales soared to a record  \$18.2 billion last year, but the days of strong growth are on  pause as players await a new generation of consoles in 2005 and  2006, a new study showed on Wednesday.
Small planets seen by astronomers US astronomers find the smallest worlds detected circling other stars and say it is a breakthrough in the search for life in space.
Great Portugal Quake May Have a Sequel, Study Says Scientists studying the Great Lisbon Quake, which killed 60,000 people 250 years ago, say that the forces that caused it are slowly building up for another violent temblor near Portugal.
Jury: WTC attack was two events Attaching victory to a string of defeats, a jury yesterday agreed with World Trade Center developer Larry Silverstein #39;s claim that the planes that struck the Twin Towers represented two separate, insurable events.
Climber Who Cut Off Hand Looks Back Aron Ralston, the climber who spent five days pinned beneath a boulder in a Utah canyon last year, reflects on his lifesaving self-amputation.
How Blood Pressure Pill Prevents Heart Attacks By EMMA ROSS    MUNICH, Germany (AP) -- Scientists have unraveled one of the mysteries of precisely how a popular type of blood pressure pill protects against heart attacks, showing it not only lowers blood pressure but also directly improves the health of the artery walls.    Doctors had suspected that blood pressure reduction alone could not explain the whole benefit of the pills, called angiotensin converting enzyme, or ACE, inhibitors, because studies have shown they prevented heart attacks and deaths even in patients with normal blood pressure or those whose high blood pressure did not budge...
For CEOs, offshoring pays U.S. companies that send the most jobs overseas handsomely reward their CEOs, a new study says.
Briefly: LinkedIn links a million roundup Plus: AOL gives exclusive sneak peek for fall TV...Copernic debuts desktop search tool...Charter signs 3 phone deals.
Sun drafts open-source blog developer The principal author of Roller Weblogger will gather support for the online journals inside and outside Sun.
Sun readies Java app servers Company is testing Java System Application Server 8--and hoping that it'll boost the company's share of the Java server software market.
Microsoft pens e-commerce deal The software giant will make its Plus Digital Media Edition available for download through 200 online retailers.
Smiths pays 476m for Medex AEROSPACE and defence group Smiths is dipping into its 1.4bn acquisition war chest to buy medical equipment firm Medex for 476m.
Update 1: China Aviation Execs Surrender Passports China Aviation Oil (Singapore) Corp. on Tuesday said four key company officials have surrendered their passports to prosecutors amid a probe into a massive trading loss by the Beijing-backed jet fuel trader.
Skype takes VoIP software to the Mac The Net phone-calling provider is testing a version of its software and service for Apple fans.
Blu-ray group gets behind Microsoft tech The VC-1 codec is made an integral part of a Blu-ray spec, giving Microsoft a foot in the rival camps battling over the successor to DVDs.
Commentary: Apple's missed opportunity Forrester Research says the new iMac's minimalist design means that Apple Computer misses tricks that Windows Media Center PCs can do.
IBM, LG winding down joint venture Sources say the two companies will likely dissolve their 8-year-old subsidiary sometime this year.
iMac G5 in pictures The new iMac, as seen in these photos taken at the San Francisco Apple Store, places the computer's innards behind a 17-inch or 20-inch flat-panel monitor.
Oil prices hover above US\$43 in Asia but market calm after Saudi &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; SINGAPORE : Oil prices pushed past 43 dollars in Asian trading but the market was quite calm as the focus shifted to OPEC following a bloody attack on the US consulate in the Saudi port city of Jeddah.
New iMac tries to play it cool Hot G5 chip requires some serious effort to avoid overheating in all-in-one desktop design.
Japanese makers forge \$1 billion LCD alliance Hitachi, Toshiba and Matsushita will pour \$1 billion into manufacturing large LCDs for flat-screen TVs.
Editors' Picks: What do you think of the iMac's newest design? From the introduction of the first Macintosh computer through to the release of the iPod, Apple Computer has earned a reputation for cutting-edge industrial design. Does the newest iMac live up to that reputation?
Computerworld names new editor in chief Don Tennant, who served most recently as the publication's news editor, was previously chief editor at Computerworld Hong Kong.
Nortel CEO Bill Owens sees 'exciting future' Nortel CEO Bill Owens says the future is "pretty exciting' for his company, despite past financial reporting problems and a looming vendor consolidation that could create aggressive competitors.
Report casts doubt on IRS hacking-detection system An Internal Revenue Service system designed to protect the agency's modernized systems from hacking isn't working properly, according to a report by the Treasury inspector general for tax administration.
Police question report of India code theft Police probing the alleged theft of source code at Jolly Technologies' development center in Mumbai are questioning aspects of the security incursion and said the company's president hasn't cooperated with their investigation.
Microsoft offers sneak peak of SQL Server 2005 Microsoft has announced the availability of Beta 2 of its SQL Server 2005 database, which will include support for AMD's 64-bit Opteron CPU and Intel's 64-bit Itanium chip.
Opera to launch browser for Windows Mobile Move signals a shift in strategy for company that competes against Microsoft's Internet Explorer browser.
Copernic desktop search takes aim at Microsoft The privately held company today released free desktop search software in a move some see as a test of the product's market viability in what is becoming a crowded field.
Veritas buys KVault Software in \$225M deal Storage and backup application vendor Veritas Software Corp. said today that it is acquiring e-mail archiving vendor KVault Software Ltd. in a deal expected to wrap up next month.
Aruba brings Wi-Fi down from the ceiling Instead of installing a handful of wireless access points in an office ceiling, Aruba Wireless Networks' new Wi-Fi Grid system will offer a larger number of tiny "grid points" in floor-level network outlets as part of the main network infrastructure.
IBM, Sun join with Microsoft on Web services event specification IBM, Sun Microsystems, and Computer Associates have jumped aboard in support of the WS-Eventing specification for subscribing to Web services-based events, joining original developers Microsoft, BEA Systems, and Tibco Software.
Spammers using sender authentication too, study says New technology for identifying the sender of e-mail messages has not been widely adopted despite backing from software giant Microsoft Corp. and may not be effective at stopping unsolicited commercial e-mail, otherwise known as spam, according to a survey by e-mail security company CipherTrust Inc.
Police question details of India code theft report BANGALORE, INDIA -- Police officials investigating the alleged theft of source code at Jolly Technologies' Mumbai development center are questioning aspects of the security incursion reported by the company.
AMD Shows First Dual-Core Processor Company remains on track to ship desktop and server chips in 2005.
Apple Unwraps New IMac G5s Stylish desktops conceal the processor, hard drive, and optical drive behind the display.
Dell Delivers Help to Small Businesses PC maker will offer 24-hour help desk services, on-site visits, and more.
Flight attendants union calls for new United Airlines #39; management CHICAGO The union representing United Airlines #39; flight attendants is calling for new management at the Elk Grove Village-based company.
Royal Mail fails to meet every target on postal deliveries Beleaguered Royal Mail chiefs came under fire yesterday for cutting too many jobs after fresh figures showed they had missed all their delivery targets between April and June.
FDA Approves New Stent System to Help Prevent Stroke The Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has approved a stent for use in opening blocked arteries in the neck. The new stent is intended to prevent stroke by treating blockages in the carotid artery, the main blood vessel leading to the brain.
SCO to cap legal expenses The SCO Group, committed to an expensive legal attack against Linux, said Tuesday it has removed some financial uncertainty from its future by working out an agreement to cap payments to its law firm.
Blue Jackets re-sign C Moran A seventh-round pick of the Buffalo Sabres in 1998, Moran played in three games with the Blue Jackets last season, recording his first career points with a goal and an assist on January 27 against New Jersey.
Blog Search Blabble.com Takes New Approach Blog Search Blabble.com Takes New Approach\\A new start-up joining the ranks of weblog tools, Blabble is aimed at the corporate market. According to an Internet Retailer article, the service will be fee-based when it officially launches in October. A beta is currently available free online. The article reads like Blabble ...
Recall Toolbar: Searches your visited websites Recall Toolbar: Searches your Visited Websites\\I have seen and tried a lot of toolbars for Internet Explorer. Most of them have nothing new to offer on the basic functionality front. Only the value added services made them different from the other toolbars in the market. Viewpoint Toolbar was a good ...
Is Google blocking third party GMail notifiers? Is Google blocking third party GMail notifiers?\\Slashdot has already reported it. And now users on some forums have started complaining about it. Google is apparently blocking access to its GMail service by third party applications like GMail notifiers and clients. Some of these free applications let user access GMail accounts ...
Apple Expo 2004 Paris It was standing room only at Le Palais des Congr #232;s in Paris as Phil Schiller kicked off Apple Expo 2004 with a rousing keynote introducing the iMac G5. Read a report and view a photo gallery. Aug 31
Charles Woodson Ends Holdout With Raiders (AP) AP - Charles Woodson's monthlong holdout didn't yield the "boat load of money" he said he was looking for, so it was time to show up at Oakland Raiders' training camp.
Goal For Qualcomm: Repeat Performance (Investor's Business Daily) Investor's Business Daily - When it comes to making CDMA chips for cell phones, Qualcomm is king. But as a new generation of phones hits the market, the company may struggle to keep its reign.
You Control: iTunes puts control in OS X menu bar (MacCentral) MacCentral - You Software Inc. announced on Tuesday the availability of You Control: iTunes, a free\download that places iTunes controls in the Mac OS X menu bar. Without\leaving the current application, you can pause, play, rewind or skip songs,\as well as control iTunes' volume and even browse your entire music library\by album, artist or genre. Each time a new song plays, You Control: iTunes\also pops up a window that displays the artist and song name and the album\artwork, if it's in the library. System requirements call for Mac OS X\v10.2.6 and 10MB free hard drive space. ...
Psychotic Mice May Aid Study of Disease - Report (Reuters) Reuters - Psychotic mice that flee their\littermates may offer insights into diseases such as\schizophrenia, U.S. researchers reported on Monday.
Muslim cleric Hamza de-arrested Muslim cleric Abu Hamza, held last week on suspicion of being involved in\terror offences, has been de-arrested, Scotland Yard says.
Fresh effort to break NI impasse A fresh round of talks is due to begin in NI in an effort to unblock the political impasse and restore devolution.
Corporate kleptocracy that mirrors Maxwell #39;s world From its opening paragraphs, through scores of scornful sub-headings and on to its bitter conclusion, the Breeden report is a breathtaking assault on Lord Black #39;s activities.
Telemarketer allegedly made more than 300,000 illegal calls Federal prosecutors are charging a Las Vegas company with making more than 300,000 telemarketing calls to consumers on the national do-not-call list.
Scientists discover two new extra-solar planets Astronomers scouring nearby stars have found two planets that mirror Neptune in size, making them by far the smallest found outside the solar system.
Trial of coup  #39;plotters #39; suspended A court trying alleged coup plotters in oil-rich Equatorial Guinea suspended proceedings yesterday, saying it wanted more information on the alleged roles of Sir Mark Thatcher, son of the British former prime minister, and other international financiers.
SCO to cap legal expenses Lawyers to get bigger share of any settlement in Linux suits in exchange for billing less up front.
A booster shot for Brand India Recognising the key role of the services sector in the economy, the foreign trade policy has unveiled the Served from India scheme to accelerate growth in service exports.
Attendants want  #39;reckless #39; UAL managers out Another United Airlines union is seeking to oust senior management at the troubled airline, saying its strategies are reckless and incompetent.
Fred Whipple Fred Whipple, the American astronomer who died on Monday aged 97, revolutionised the study of comets when, in 1950, he proposed that they were small bodies of rock, dust and ice, and not  quot;sand banks quot; held together by gravity, as had been believed.
Iran says it has arrested nuclear spies Iran #39;s Intelligence Minister Ali Yunessi said Tuesday  quot;several people quot; have been arrested for spying on the country #39;s nuclear programme, the official news agency IRNA reported.
Gaddafi to Compensate Libyan Jews for Lost Homes  TRIPOLI (Reuters) - Libyan leader Muammar Gaddafi, easing  his country's way back into the international fold, on Tuesday  became the first Arab leader to promise compensation for Jews  who were forced from their homes due to religious tension.
Suicide Bomber Kills 10 at Moscow Subway MOSCOW - A woman strapped with explosives blew herself up outside a busy Moscow subway station Tuesday night, killing at least 10 people and wounding more than 50 in the second terrorist attack to hit Russia in a week, officials said.    Seven days earlier, almost to the hour, two Russian jetliners crashed within minutes of each other in what officials determined were terrorist bombings...
U.S. Seeks to Throw Out Terror Convictions WASHINGTON - The Justice Department has asked a judge to throw out the convictions of a suspected terror cell in Detroit because of prosecutorial misconduct, reversing course in a case the Bush administration once hailed as a major victory in the war on terrorism, legal sources said Tuesday.    The department told U.S...
'Star Trek' Actor Doohan Receives Star LOS ANGELES - "Star Trek" actor James Doohan - famed for his portrayal of "Beam Me Up" Scotty, the intrepid engineer who kept the starship Enterprise warping across galaxies - grinned and waved to fans Tuesday as he received a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame.    It was expected to be the last public appearance of the 84-year-old performer, who was recently diagnosed with Alzheimer's disease and also suffers from Parkinson's disease, diabetes and lung fibrosis...
WTO okays sanctions against US GENEVA - The European Union (EU) and its allies got the go-ahead from the World Trade Organisation (WTO) yesterday to slap potentially heavy sanctions on US goods in response to the latter #39;s illegal anti-dumping rules.
Hollinger Panel Says Black Looted Company Conrad Black, the former CEO of Hollinger International Inc., looted the newspaper publisher of hundreds of millions of dollars to indulge his appetite for 
Regulator suspends China IPOs SHANGHAI: China #39;s securities regulator suspended approval of initial public offerings pending rule changes that will allow the market to set the price of new shares, bringing the country #39;s stock exchanges more into line with international standards.
Carotid stent gets FDA approval A new era in stroke prevention gained momentum Tuesday with government approval of a new treatment that clears blocked arteries supplying the brain without major surgery.
Report Predicts Near Doubling of IP PBX Sales Worldwide spending on enterprise IP PBXes should grow by 45 percent over the next year, according to an upbeat report released Monday by Boston-based Infonetics Research.
Serena in denim puts the boot into tradition Serena Williams strode on to court for her first match at the US Open in an outfit that would have sent shockwaves through the All England Club.
Henman fights on after five-set slog His back was obviously sore, the windy conditions were not easy and his opponent was awkward in the extreme, but Tim Henman survived to fight another day.
Sweden #39;s four-goal avalanche buries Germany STOCKHOLM, Sweden (Ticker) -- Toronto Maple Leafs captain Mats Sundin made sure Sweden did not have a relapse. Sundin scored a goal and set up two others and Tomas Holmstrom of the Detroit Red Wings added 
Porto adds quick-tempered, quick-footed Fabiano to roster European champion Porto has signed Brazil striker Luis Fabiano from Sao Paulo, the Portuguese club said on its Web site on Tuesday.
16 killed in bus blasts as Hamas reignites conflict A lull in the Israeli-Palestinian conflict was shattered yesterday when two suicide bombers blew themselves up on buses in the southern Israeli town of Beersheva.
Laser mouse conquers new surfaces Logitech's new mouse is as comfortable on opaque glass as it is four-wheeling over rough desk surfaces.
Astronomers Spot Smallest Planets Yet The roll call of planets beyond the solar system swelled significantly with the announcement of a trio of newly discovered worlds much smaller than any previously discovered around other stars.
Is it a rock star? No, just Apple #39;s third generation iMac computer All that was missing was the dry ice. The shiny white plastic and anodized aluminium box rose slowly on a pedestal from a stage as if from the bowels of the earth to ecstatic whooping and applause at 10.
Samsung Taps Philips For NFC Technology Looking to turn its mobile phones into an electronic wallet, Samsung has inked a deal to use Philips Electronics #39; Near Field Communication (NFC) contactless chip solutions in future devices.
First day of Open ends with a retirement announcement &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; NEW YORK -- Todd Martin retired from professional tennis on Monday night at the US Open after falling to the 31st-seed, Fabrice Santoro 4-6, 6-4, 6-4, 7-5.
Russia Says No to UN Sanctions Against Sudan Russia has ruled out UN Security Council sanctions against Sudan for its failure to control Arab militias in the Darfur region. The senior UN envoy to Sudan will brief the Council Thursday on his just-completed 
Safin Makes Early Exit at U.S. Open (AP) AP - Just like at Wimbledon two months ago, Marat Safin exited at the earliest stage of the U.S. Open on Tuesday, bowing meekly to Thomas Enqvist 7-6 (5), 6-4, 3-6, 6-3.
Deion Sanders Returns to NFL With Ravens (AP) AP - After three seasons away from the NFL, Deion Sanders signed with the Baltimore Ravens on Tuesday.
Arizona Gets RB Hambrick and DE Zellner from Raiders (Reuters) Reuters - The Arizona Cardinals\Tuesday acquired running back Troy Hambrick and defensive end\Peppi Zellner from the Oakland Raiders for an undisclosed 2005\draft pick.
Ankiel May Be With Cardinals in Postseason (AP) AP - Rick Ankiel's return to the major leagues might not be just a September cameo.
Suicide Bomber Kills 10 at Moscow Subway (AP) AP - A woman strapped with explosives blew herself up outside a busy Moscow subway station Tuesday night, killing at least 10 people and wounding more than 50 in the second terrorist attack to hit Russia in a week, officials said.
First Lady to Hail Bush on His Leadership (AP) AP - Republican National Convention co-stars Laura Bush and Arnold Schwarzenegger commended President Bush to the country Tuesday for four more years in office, praising him for unflinching leadership in a time of national testing. "I am so proud of the way George has led our country with strength and conviction" in the war on terror, the first lady planned to say.
Astronomers Spot Smallest Planets Yet (AP) AP - American astronomers say they have discovered the two smallest planets yet orbiting nearby stars, trumping a small planet discovery by European scientists five days ago and capping the latest round in a frenzied hunt for other worlds like Earth.
Warren the do-it-yourself type Defensive end Ty Warren , who played behind veteran Bobby Hamilton as a rookie last year and had 33 tackles, has eclipsed that total with 48 stops this season in 12 starts. Throw in a pass deflection, a couple of forced fumbles, and 4 1/2 sacks, and it's been a promising turnaround for the 13th overall pick in ...
Shareholders the losers, report charges When Hollinger International bosses Conrad Black and David Radler were selling the company #39;s Canadian newspapers - including the National Post -our years ago, they put more effort into lining their own pockets than getting a good price for the papers 
US Loses Trade Cases and Faces Penalties The World Trade Organization on Tuesday authorized the European Union and seven other leading American trading partners to impose more than \$150 million 
UBS Buying Schwab Unit Swiss banking giant UBS AG announced yesterday that it would buy the capital markets division of discount brokerage Charles Schwab Corp.
Alitalia axe hangs over 7,000 staff as bankruptcy looms Alitalia may have to slash up to 7,000 jobs, it emerged yesterday, as executives scrambled to rescue Italy #39;s national carrier from possible bankruptcy later this month.
6 injured, 48 detained in Argentine clash At least six Argentine protesters were injured and 48 people, including 18 women, were detained in the clash with police over the visit of the International Monetary Fund 
Drop in Consumer Confidence Unexpectedly Steep in August onsumers #39; renewed worries about job prospects led to a bigger-than-expected drop in confidence in August and provided more evidence of the fragility of the economic expansion.
US Airways, Machinists Hit Impasse Cost-cutting talks between US Airways and its machinist union broke off yesterday after the airline said the union #39;s proposed money-saving ideas were not enough to help the carrier avoid bankruptcy.
FTC seeks fine against do-not-call list violator WASHINGTON -- The US Federal Trade Commission is seeking the first fines for breaches of a rule banning calls to people whose numbers are on a  quot;do-not-call quot; registry, saying a Las Vegas telemarketer made more than 300,000 unwelcome pitches.
Hold bank accountable There was a refreshing glimpse of bipartisanship this week, and it was not the sight of a Democrat from Georgia preparing to address the Republican National Convention in Manhattan.
US Clears Stent Sales by Guidant uidant received approval yesterday from the Food and Drug Administration to sell stents that are inserted into the main neck artery to reduce the risk of strokes, making the company the 
Apple #39;s New iMac: Skin-Deep Beauty After weeks of intense speculation about the new iMac, Apple (AAPL ) finally pulled back the curtain on the latest iteration of its consumer desktop mainstay at the Apple Expo in Paris.
US finds Earthlike planets at other stars US astronomers announced Tuesday their discovery of two small planets orbiting distant stars, setting off a dispute with European astronomers over who found the new, unusually small class of planets first.
EBay ups Internet Auction stake SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW) -- EBay said late Tuesday it has agreed to buy 3 million shares of Korea #39;s Internet Auction for \$325 million in cash.
Visteon to grow in China with two new parts plants Visteon Corp. said Tuesday it is expanding in China with two new plants that will support the explosive automotive market in Asia and position the Dearborn company as a leading supplier of climate controls in the region.
Fred L. Whipple, 97, Dies; Comet Research Pioneer Astronomer Fred L. Whipple, 97, who died of an undisclosed ailment Aug. 30 at a hospital near Boston, was a leading sky watcher of the last century.
Cloning experiment condemned A cloning scientist yesterday rejected accusations that his work was exploitative, unsafe and socially unacceptable. Panayiotis Zavos, of the Centre for Reproductive Medicine in Lexington, Kentucky, claims 
Divorce rate surges as friends are reunited Internet sites such as Friends Reunited are unwittingly fuelling a surge in marital break-up as bored husbands and wives contact old flames, relationship counsellors warned yesterday as official figures showed divorce has reached a seven-year high.
Launch team salutes Cape #39;s pad 36A after final liftoff It was the starting point for dozens of commercial communications satellites, military spacecraft and pioneering space probes, including the first man-made object to journey outside our solar system.
US tech execs optimistic about spending NEWYORK: US technology executives are increasingly optimistic about the business climate, although plans for increased technology spending remain modest, according to a study.
Tree Farmers Are Objecting To New Rules On Forestland Changes &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Tree farmer Kent Hinson says he is out on a limb when it comes to his pro-environment view.  quot;Most foresters in general look at the environmentalists as an adversary, as a group 
United Reveal Rooney Deal Payments Manchester United this morning revealed how the contingent payments to Everton for Wayne Rooney will be structured in a statement to the Stock Exchange.
Serena fashions a statement with eye-catching outfit Theres no doubt about it. Serena Williams #39; outfit Monday night when she won her first-round match in the US Open was an eye-catching number.
Beijing undergoing biggest changes in 800 years for Olympic Games BEIJING : Beijing is in the midst of a dizzying architectural transformation aimed at creating a modern, high-tech metropolis by 2008 when the Chinese capital will have its moment in the Olympic spotlight.
Everton target McCarthy EVERTON are in talks with European champions FC Porto to sign South African striker Benny McCarthy, it was reported today. McCarthy was the Portuguese league #39;s top scorer last season with 20 goals but is not 
AMERICAN LEAGUE: 22-0 defeat by Indians is Yankees #39; worst ever NEW YORK -- With Thursday night #39;s epic defeat, the Yankees #39; hold on first place in the American League East became increasingly tenuous.
Inamoto signs for West Brom LONDON - Japan international midfielder Junichi Inamoto looks set to remain in the English Premier League after signing a two and a half year contract with newly promoted West Bromwich Albion.
Canada strikes first: Thornton shines in 2-1 win over USA The business of hockey as we know it may be on its last wobbling legs. But the people who play the game of hockey showed just how entertaining the sport could be last night at the Bell Centre.
Manny hits two round-trippers in 10-7 victory even if you were behind home plate, with Curt Schilling #39;s unblinking gaze boring in at you for the better part of 2 1/2 hours 
Club gets two runs off Smoltz, but falls to Atlanta Mike Hampton didn #39;t get the memo describing Citizens Bank Park as a great place to be a hitter. The Atlanta lefty, who wasn #39;t having the best August, must have been 
US OPEN: Sharapova rallies; Roddick rockets NEW YORK -- Maria Sharapova nearly found out how quickly one can go from diva to disaster. Women #39;s highlights: No. 1 seed Justine Henin-Hardenne def.
Nepal mosque stoned after Iraq killings Dozens of people have thrown stones at a mosque in Kathmandu and tried to set it on fire to protest against the killing of 12 Nepalis in Iraq.
Next Steps on Darfur ONE MONTH ago, the UN Security Council demanded progress on the humanitarian crisis unfolding in Darfur. A resolution called on Sudan #39;s government to allow aid workers unimpeded access to the province and 
Thatcher financed coup plot, claims business partner PRESSURE is mounting on Mark Thatcher after an accusation by one of his business associates that he played a role in the Equatorial Guinea coup plot.
North parties to meet for fresh talks on peace process The Norths political parties are due to meet in Stormont today for talks aimed at reviving the stalled peace process. The talks are designed to prepare the ground for an intense round of make-or-break negotiations 
Women moved by family not ideology Dusk was falling over the Chechen village of Kirov-Yurt when the Russian troops approached Uvais Nagayev, 32, at the gate of his family house.
Gunmen attack Iraq #39;s Ahmad Chalabi Gunmen have opened fire on Iraqi politician Ahmad Chalabi #39;s convoy, wounding two associates, an aide to Chalabi says. The aide, Mithal al-Alousi, told Reuters the convoy was hit on Wednesday 
N.Koreans Break Into Japanese School in China About 29 people, thought to be North Koreans seeking asylum, broke into a Japanese school in Beijing on Wednesday apparently by cutting through the wire perimeter fence.
Indians Rout Yankees 22-0 in Epic Defeat (AP) AP - The hits and runs kept coming, spinning by on the scoreboard as fast as symbols on a slot machine. It wasn't just a rout, it was an epic defeat, the most one-sided in the 101-year history of the New York Yankees. Cleveland's 22-0 victory Tuesday night matched the biggest post-1900 shutout margin in the major leagues, Pittsburgh's win at the Chicago Cubs on Sept. 16, 1975.
Cheaters are still winners in the eyes of many fans On a gloriously sunny San Francisco day last April, a friend and I paid \$150 for tickets worth less than \$80 to see the San Francisco Giants play the Milwaukee Brewers at SBC Park. Of course, like thousands of others on that chilly Monday afternoon, we weren't there so much to see the game as to get a chance to ...
MGM Deal Seen Likely (Reuters) Reuters - Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer Inc. \has restricted its employees' ability to trade shares in the\company, and could announce as early as next week a deal to be\acquired for up to  #36;5 billion, sources close to the company and\its talks with possible bidders said on Tuesday.
Red Sox Hold Off Angels 10-7 (AP) AP - Manny Ramirez homered twice, Curt Schilling moved into a tie for the major league lead with 17 wins and the streaking Boston Red Sox beat the Anaheim Angels 10-7 Tuesday night.
No. 13 Bears Face Difficult Early Tests (AP) AP - What's being billed as one of the most promising seasons for California in years could crash quickly if the Bears can't navigate a difficult early road.
Nikkei Up at Midday, Led by Telecoms (Reuters) Reuters - Tokyo stocks were higher at midday on\Wednesday thanks to gains in telecom shares and a handful of\small-caps, but the rise was limited as big technology firms\wilted ahead of a business update from bellwether Intel Corp.
Report: Pennington Set to Sign Extension with Jets (Reuters) Reuters - The New York Jets and\quarterback Chad Pennington are close to a deal that would make\the quarterback the highest- paid player in franchise history.
Consumer Confidence Plummets on Job Market (AP) AP - Consumers' renewed worries about job prospects led to a bigger-than-expected drop in confidence in August and provided more evidence of the fragility of the economic expansion.
EBay Offers  #36;530 Million for Rest of S.Korean Arm (Reuters) Reuters - EBay Inc. offered about  #36;530 million to\buy the remainder of South Korean affiliate Internet Auction\Co. Ltd. as it pushes deeper into Asia, saying key shareholders\had accepted a 79 percent increase to an earlier offer.
Dodgers Beat D'backs 4-1 in 13 Innings (AP) AP - Steve Finley hit a three-run double in the 13th inning in his return to Arizona, lifting the Los Angeles Dodgers to a 4-1 victory over the Diamondbacks on Tuesday night.
Time on Jones's side Even if indicted BALCO chief Victor Conte has the doping goods on sprinter Marion Jones, it's unclear whether the International Olympic Committee can revoke the five medals she won in Sydney in 2000. The IOC charter says that decisions can be changed only within three years after the closing ceremonies. The question is whether awarding a medal constitutes a decision.
New Coca Plants Said to Lurk in Colombia (AP) AP - Authorities suspect a new threat is lurking in the mountains and jungles of Colombia: Not a new rebel cadre, but altered coca plants that are bigger, faster-growing and produce more of the compound that gives cocaine its kick.
Sabres Re-Sign Defenseman Dmitri Kalinin (AP) AP - Defenseman Dmitri Kalinin re-signed with the Buffalo Sabres late Tuesday, ending his threat to play next season in Russia.
Nintendo Cuts Price on Game Boy Advance (AP) AP - Nintendo Co. has permanently slashed prices on its Game Boy Advance SP portable video game system as the company tries to entrench its No. 1 position in the handheld game market.
SCO Posts  #36;7.4 Million Loss (Ziff Davis) Ziff Davis - Revenue for the quarter of  #36;11.2 million, compared with  #36;20.1 million in the year-ago quarter, dropped in part because of dwindling SCOsource licensing revenue #151;but SCO's CEO says the company is "steadfast on a dual path for success."
Protesters stone Nepal mosque after Iraq killings (Reuters) Reuters - Dozens of people threw stones at a mosque in Kathmandu and tried to set it on fire on Wednesday to protest against the killing of 12 Nepalis in Iraq.
Oil Heads Up Ahead of Fuel Stocks Data  SINGAPORE (Reuters) - U.S. oil prices rose on Wednesday,  pausing from a losing streak well above \$40 a barrel, although  dealers said data on fuel supplies in the United States due  later in the day may trigger a new slide in the market.
Apple Unveils Its Latest iMac, Months After Planned Debut (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - Apple Computer Inc. rolled out its latest iMac desktop computer at a convention for Mac users in Paris yesterday, a sleek model in which the processors and drives are packaged behind its 2-inch-thick monitor.
This DVD highlights a storied past The Globe has collaborated with Cramer Productions and produced a DVD:  quot;Boston's Greatest Sports Stories: Beyond the Headlines quot;.
Kerry: 'We Can, We Must' Win Terror War (AP) AP - Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry says President Bush was wrong when he suggested that victory against terrorism might be impossible, declaring that he has a plan to defeat those who threaten the United States.
Roddick Blasts Through, Sharapova Struggles  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Defending champion Andy Roddick  unleashed the fastest serve in U.S. Open history on his way to  a 6-0, 6-2, 6-2 demolition of Scoville Jenkins Tuesday as Maria  Sharapova's tournament was almost ended at the first stage.
First Lady Promoting Husband As Warrior (AP) AP - First lady Laura Bush said Tuesday night that her husband agonized through White House walks and somber suppers and took the United States into war against terrorism "because he knew the safety and security of America and the world depended on it."
Rocket Carrying Spy Satellite Launched (AP) AP - After four launch delays in as many days, a rocket carrying a spy satellite blasted off Tuesday.
Schwarzenegger Lauds Bush on Terror Fight (AP) AP - California Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger drew on his childhood in Soviet-occupied Austria to endorse President Bush's war on terror. "Terrorism is more insidious than communism," the bodybuilder-turned-politician said Tuesday in a speech to the Republican convention.
Nikkei Up at Midday, Led by Telecoms  TOKYO (Reuters) - Tokyo stocks were higher at midday on  Wednesday thanks to gains in telecom shares and a handful of  small-caps, but the rise was limited as big technology firms  wilted ahead of a business update from bellwether Intel Corp.
Cubs Trade for DiFelice, Grieve  MONTREAL (Sports Network) - The Chicago Cubs acquired  catcher Mike DiFelice from the Detroit Tigers and outfielder  Ben Grieve from Milwaukee, both for a player to be named later,  Tuesday.
West Africans Draw Up Battle Plans Against Locusts (Reuters) Reuters - Only a military-style operation with\bases across West Africa can stop the worst locust invasion for\15 years, Senegal's President Abdoulaye Wade said Tuesday as\the insects swept into his capital.
Venus Battles Through to Second Round  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Venus Williams advanced to the second  round of the U.S. Open on Tuesday but had to work hard for her  6-3, 7-6 victory against Hungary's Petra Mandula.
Nothing Black and White About Panda Pregnancy (Reuters) Reuters - Is she or isn't she? Word in the woods\is that Hua Mei, China's first overseas-born panda now back at\home, is expecting.
Sharapova Forced to Scrap Past Granville  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The Maria Sharapova express almost  came off the rails Tuesday when she was pushed to the limit in  the U.S. Open first round by American Laura Granville.
Cuban-American Is Likely GOP Senate Candidate in Florida (Reuters) Reuters - President Bush's former housing\secretary, Mel Martinez, took a surprise lead in a ballot in\Florida on Tuesday to pick the Republican party's candidate for\a keenly sought U.S. Senate seat.
Arizona Gets RB Hambrick and DE Zellner from Raiders  FLAGSTAFF, Arizona (Sports Network) - The Arizona Cardinals  Tuesday acquired running back Troy Hambrick and defensive end  Peppi Zellner from the Oakland Raiders for an undisclosed 2005  draft pick.
Report: Pennington Set to Sign Extension with Jets  NEW YORK (Sports Network) - The New York Jets and  quarterback Chad Pennington are close to a deal that would make  the quarterback the highest- paid player in franchise history.
Today's schedule College basketball: MEN -- Boston University at Harvard, 7 p.m.; Wesleyan at Emmanuel, 7 p.m.; Emerson at Babson, 7 p.m.; Plymouth St. at Tufts, 7 p.m.; Newbury at Salem St., 7 p.m.; Merrimack at Bentley, 7:30 p.m.; Curry at Eastern Nazarene, 8 p.m.; Clark at Brandeis, 8 p.m.; Endicott at Gordon, 8 p.m.; WOMEN -- Becker at Emerson, 6 p.m.; ...
WTO Backs Effort Aimed At U.S. Law The World Trade Organization authorized the European Union and seven other nations yesterday to impose more than \$140 million in punitive duties on American goods, on the grounds that Congress has failed to repeal a controversial anti-dumping law.
Enron Broadband Chief Makes Deal The chief operating officer of Enron Corp.'s failed Internet unit pleaded guilty yesterday to a single criminal conspiracy charge and agreed to cooperate with the government, as prosecutors continued to build their case against the Houston energy company's top leaders.
Protesters Stone Nepal Mosque After Iraq Killings  KATHMANDU (Reuters) - Dozens of people threw stones at a  mosque in Kathmandu and tried to set it on fire on Wednesday to  protest against the killing of 12 Nepalis in Iraq.
Mutual Funds Reveal Shareholder Votes Vanguard Group Inc. voted in favor of a shareholder proposal demanding that Intel Corp. expense stock options. Putnam Funds and Fidelity Investments voted to dump Walt Disney Co. Chairman Michael D. Eisner. Vanguard voted to keep him.
Judge Rules Against OFHEO Federal regulators lacked the authority to block payment of more than \$50 million in compensation to former Freddie Mac chief executive Leland C. Brendsel while awaiting the outcome of actions they have brought against him, a federal judge here has ruled.
N.Koreans Break Into Japanese School in China  BEIJING (Reuters) - Twenty-nine people, believed to be  North Koreans seeking asylum, broke into a Japanese school in  Beijing on Wednesday by climbing on stools and cutting through  the wire perimeter fence.
Slide of the Yankees: Pinstripes Punished George Steinbrenner watched from his box as his Yankees suffered the most one-sided loss in the franchise's long history.
Miss Universe, Olympians in Australia Poll Bout  SYDNEY (Reuters) - The first face-to-face bout in  Australia's election campaign was staged inside an airport  hangar on Wednesday with prime ministerial contenders sparring  with Miss Universe and hundreds of Olympians before a phalanx  of cameras.
Billups, Pistons fill it up vs. Mavericks Chauncey Billups tied his season high with 24 points and Richard Hamilton scored 13 of his 19 in the third quarter, helping the Detroit Pistons pull away from the Mavericks and post a 101-85 victory last night in Dallas.
Canada Sets Tone in World Cup Victory Over U.S. The North American rivalry picked up at the same elite level it reached when Canada beat the United States for the gold medal in the 2002 Winter Olympics.
Transactions BASEBALL Boston (AL): Claimed P Tim Bausher on waivers from Colorado (NL); named Fernando Arroyo pitching coach at Portland (EL). Colorado (NL): Terminated P Denny Neagle's contract; assigned P Justin Hampson to Colorado Springs (PCL). Los Angeles (NL): Signed OF Ricky Ledee. Milwaukee (NL): Signed INF Trent Durrington to minor league contract; assigned OF Chris Magruder to Nashville (PCL). Philadelphia ...
Armed men storm Russian school Gunmen seize a secondary school in the southern Russian region of North Ossetia, taking several pupils hostage.
Ex-Macedonian minister arrested A former Macedonian minister is arrested in Croatia accused of ordering the murder of seven Asians.
Arroyo set to woo China on trade Philippines leader Gloria Arroyo aims to strengthen economic ties with China during a visit to Beijing.
O'Brien drawing interest? Looking to fill its football head coaching vacancy after the termination of Keith Gilbertson, the University of Washington may turn to Boston College's Tom O'Brien as a potential candidate.
Glaxo to Begin Posting Drug Trial Results GlaxoSmithKline is expected to start the process of publicly posting the results of clinical trials for its marketed drugs.
Pfizer Ends Drug Cards for Elderly Pfizer ended its widely used discount card for the elderly, leaving Medicare beneficiaries at least temporarily without access to reduced prices for popular medicines.
Scan 'as damaging as atomic bomb' Medical scans expose people to similar levels of radiation as atomic bombs used in Hiroshima, say experts.
Insecure elections marching ever closer Friday's St. Louis Post-Dispatch reports on a controversial decision by Missouri's Secretary of State: the state of Missouri will be allowing soldiers stationed overseas to cast ballots via e-mail. Their absentee ballots will be scanned and converted to PDF files, which will be emailed to the Defense Department, printed out, and then faxed to Missouri.  I'm in favor of helping soldiers vote; this is a democracy, everyone should be able to vote. Yet I'm deeply skeptical of this proposal, for two reasons:  The plan depends on e-mailed ballots being printed out and faxed by the Defense Department but does not provide any safeguards against soldiers being sanctioned for how they have voted;  The transmission method is inherently technically insecure  
Ravens Sign Sanders After passing a physical on Tuesday, former All-Pro cornerback Deion Sanders ends his three-year retirement to join the Baltimore Ravens to win another Super Bowl.
At Least 900 Arrested in City as Protesters Clash With Police A series of demonstrations rippled across Manhattan when protesters tried to converge on the Republican convention.
Custis Takes Control Family and Tony Robbins have matured and molded University of Maryland free safety Ray Custis into a trusted leader and anchor of the Terrapins' defense.
Giambi Rejoins Yankees Jason Giambi has returned to the New York Yankees' clubhouse but is still clueless as to when he will be able to play again.
Medal Stays in Hungary The Hungarian hammer thrower who was stripped of his gold medal after refusing to take a follow-up drug test at the Athens Olympics said Tuesday that he vows to keep his medal.
Man. U. Gets Rooney Eighteen-year-old phenom Wayne Rooney left Everton  to join Manchester United on Monday after signing a six-year deal worth \$48.3 million.
Astros Creep Closer After defeating the Reds 8-0, Houston is within three games of the NL wild card lead. Jeff Kent slugs two homers in the Astros win.
U.S. Seeks to Throw Out Terror Convictions WASHINGTON - The Justice Department asked a judge Tuesday to throw out the convictions of a suspected terror cell in Detroit because of prosecutorial misconduct, reversing course in a case the Bush administration once hailed as a major victory in the war on terrorism.    In a late-night filing, the department told U.S...
Schwarzenegger Lauds Bush on Terror Fight NEW YORK - California Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger drew on his childhood in Soviet-occupied Austria to praise President Bush's war on terror...
SCO caps legal costs as losses mount With its cash reserves dwindling and losses continuing to mount, The SCO Group Inc. is taking measures to cut its expenses and ensure it will have enough cash to process its lawsuit with IBM Corp, the company announced during its quarterly earnings conference call Tuesday. SCO reported a loss of \$7.4 million on revenue of \$11.2 million for the third quarter - a loss that was affected by the \$7.2 million in legal expenses the company incurred during the quarter, which ended July 31.
Hamilton's late surge powers Holy Cross Kevin Hamilton scored 14 of his 17 points in the second half and Holy Cross held Fordham scoreless over the final five minutes for a 53-39 victory last night in New York.
Egyptians Test Waters in Anticipation of Reform Mubarak's government tolerates registered opposition groups, but many unofficial organizations have begun operating since the late 1990s.
U.S.: Militants, Not Villagers, Hit in Afghan Raid   KABUL, Afghanistan, Aug. 31 -- The U.S. military said its forces killed more than 20 Islamic fighters on Tuesday in eastern Afghanistan but denied reports it had killed up to eight villagers in the same operation.
After Delays, Milosevic Opens Defense  THE HAGUE, Aug. 31 -- Former Yugoslav president Slobodan Milosevic  launched on Tuesday a defiant defense of his conduct during the Balkan wars, accusing his enemies of conspiracies against the Serbs and insisting that his countrymen acted in self-defense.
Update 2: Tokyo Stocks Edge Up Higher; Dollar Falls Tokyo stocks gained moderately Wednesday morning on bargain hunting following losses the day before. The US dollar was down against the Japanese yen.
Copernic unveils Desktop Search Tool Copernic Technologies has announced the free availability of the Copernic Desktop Search (CDS), beating Microsoft and Google in the desktop search race.
Internet caf hoists a latte to celebrate 10-year anniversary LONDON John Major was prime minister of Britain. The Internet, to most people, was like something out of the Jetsons.  quot;Latte quot; was Italian for  quot;milk, quot; not American for  quot;coffee.
Ouch! Yankees hit new low INDIANS 22, YANKEES 0---At New York, Omar Vizquel went 6-for-7 to tie the American League record for hits as Cleveland handed the Yankees the largest loss in their history last night.
Canadians start fast The bad blood was everywhere in the building. It caused Canadian coach Pat Quinn to accuse the Americans of running goalie Martin Brodeur.
Office ransacked after killings A MOB ransacked the office of Qatar Airways in Nepal #39;s capital Kathmandu to vent their anger after 12 Nepalese were killed by Islamic militants in Iraq, an airline employee said.
Militants kill 12 Nepal hostages Iraqi militants have killed 12 Nepalis they captured just over a week ago, the militants and a Nepalese official said Tuesday. It was the largest mass killing of captives in the grueling war against 
Apple Unveils Its Latest iMac, Months Late Apple Computer Inc. rolled out its latest iMac desktop computer at a convention for Mac users in Paris Tuesday, a sleek model in which the processors and drives are packaged behind its 2-inch-thick monitor. &lt;BR&gt;&lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Marketer Sued for Do-Not-Call Violation The Federal Trade Commission, seeking its first civil penalties against a telemarketer for violating the federal do-not-call list, has sued a Las Vegas firm, saying it called more than 300,000 numbers on the registry to sell time-share properties. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Enron Broadband Chief Makes Deal  The chief operating officer of Enron Corp.'s failed Internet unit pleaded guilty yesterday to a single criminal conspiracy charge and agreed to cooperate with the government, as prosecutors continued to build their case against the Houston energy company's top leaders.
Water quality fails EU standards Most rivers, lakes, estuaries and coasts in England and Wales are unlikely to meet new EU rules on water quality, conservationists say.
Briefly: Amazon opens floor to political pundits roundup Plus: Sony picks up graphics tech for PSP handheld...LinkedIn links a million...AOL gives exclusive sneak peek for fall TV.
Sony picks up graphics tech for PSP The company licenses graphics compression technology from S3 Graphics for its upcoming PlayStation Portable.
Gadget harvest Apple unveils its new ultra-thin G5 iMac while Logitech readies the first laser mouse. Also: HP's holiday offerings.
Al Qaeda's Tech Traps Investigations, arrests highlight how technology aids and weakens terror network.
First Look: Rio's Hot New Carbon MP3 Player Supersleek 5GB digital audio player is set to challenge Apple's IPod Mini.
EU to consider sanctions against US The European Union will open talks in coming days on whether and when to impose sanctions on US goods, the bloc #39;s executive says, a day after winning WTO backing over the  quot;Byrd quot; anti-dumping law.
Investigators Tell Story of Ex-CEO #39;s Looting of Hollinger Millions AccountingWEB.com - Sep-1-2004 - Conrad Black, the former CEO of Hollinger International, boldly and methodically abused his power to pocket millions of dollars that should have gone to the company, an internal investigation revealed.
UBS to buy Schwab #39;s capital markets unit for \$265mn LONDON, September 1 (New Ratings) - UBS AG (UBR.FSE) has reportedly agreed to acquire Charles Schwab Corporations capital markets unit for \$265 million in an all cash deal.
El jefe del FMI intenta alargar los plazos de la deuda argentina Rodrigo Rato, managing director of the International Monetary Fund, on Tuesday urged Argentina to increase government saving and to arrive at a comprehensive agreement with its private creditors.
Grid #39;s 6bn sale raises job and safety concerns National Grid Transco, the pipes and pylons company, yesterday announced a 6bn deal to sell half its gas distribution business. The move pleased the City but alarmed unions and consumer groups.
Business briefs Worries about job prospects led to a bigger-than-expected drop in consumer confidence in August and provided more evidence of the fragility of the economic expansion.
Phone unit in China has 13 rise HONG KONG China Telecom, the publicly traded unit of China #39;s biggest fixed-line operator, said Wednesday that profit in the first half of the year rose 13 percent after it bought networks from its parent and expanded a service that competes for mobile 
Stocks to Watch Wednesday Stocks to watch on Wednesday: FOREST LABORATORIES INC. (FRX.N: Quote, Profile, Research). The drug company #39;s experimental treatment for Alzheimer #39;s failed to prove effective in a big clinical trial.
Bank of America reaffirms promises Bank of America Corp. chief executive Kenneth D. Lewis reaffirmed his bank #39;s commitment to New England yesterday in a round of meetings in Boston with state 
Acquitted TAP executive to lead company TAP Pharmaceutical Products Inc. #39;s new president starts today, about a month after he and others were acquitted of federal grand jury charges of kickbacks and conspiracy.
Chiron acquires La Jolla biotech Chiron Corp. said yesterday that it has acquired a La Jolla biotechnology company to further efforts to develop a donor blood screening test to detect mad cow disease.
New class of planets found small-mass planets soon, quot; said Paul Butler of the Carnegie Institution of Washington, the co-discoverer of one of the new planets.
Apple hopes thin iMac can fatten profits, share Apple Computer Inc. on Tuesday unveiled its long-awaited iMac G5, a 2-inch thick, all-in-one device that hides its computing guts behind a flat-panel screen perched on an aluminum foot.
One in ten could suffer with SP2 problems One in ten desktops will have problems with the Microsoft Service Pack 2 (SP2) update for Windows XP, claims an integration consultancy.
Microsoft strips Longhorn of WinFS NEW YORK, September 1 (New Ratings) - Microsoft (MSFT.NAS) reportedly intends to ship Longhorn, its next version of Windows operating system, without WinFS, the next-generation file system.
Samsung phones to double as wallets Samsung mobile phones look set to double as m-wallets as the mobile phone manufacturer signs a Near Field Communication chip deal with Philips.
Hitachi, Matsushita, Toshiba to jointly make large LCD panels Japanese hi-tech giants Hitachi, Matsushita and Toshiba said Tuesday they will jointly produce large liquid crystal display (LCD) panels to help them compete more effectively in the lucrative flat-screen television market.
US leader snaps up email firm KVault A BERKSHIRE-based email archiving company, KVault Software, has been bought for \$225m (125m) by Veritas Software, a leading US security specialist.
Old-flame Web sites boost divorce rates-agency Web sites that reunite and reignite old lovers are helping push up England #39;s divorce rates, according to a counselling service.
AMD Betting Success Isn #39;t Gone in a Flash Over the past six months, the usual strict hierarchies of the chip world have seen some rearranging. Perennial underdog Advanced Micro Devices (AMD:NYSE - news - research) has made impressive strides with 
SCO caps legal costs, boosts Linux licence revenues The SCO Group is working on a deal with its lawyers to cap the costs of its legal battle over Linux although it claims to be  quot;well positioned quot; to pursue its current litigation through to its conclusion.
Creative unveils iPod Mini-coloured MuVo2 update If you can #39;t beat  #39;em, copy  #39;em. Creative Technology today began selling an updated version of its MuVo2 hard drive-based music player in five alternative colours reminiscent of Apple #39;s iPod Mini.
Egyptian mummy  #39;unwrapped #39; by modern scanning The face of an Egyptian artisan named Harwa has been seen for the first time in 3000 years using CT scans, X-rays and 3D modelling technology.
Logitech launches laser-tracking mouse Logitech Inc. was set Wednesday to introduce a new mouse that uses a laser beam to track the movements of the device. The mouse, which Logitech claims will be 
The Wi-Jack Wi-Fi Wall Outlet It might cost you \$25 to pick up a wireless access point at Circuit City, but if you want to fool around with some enterprise-level WiFi you normally gotta shell out the big bucks for some commercial-grade ceiling-mounted gear.
Dial-up #39; has new meaning with Ne America Online is joining a growing number of players beyond traditional phone companies rolling out or testing phone calls over the Internet.
Fixing racing #39;s biggest problem The arrest of 16 people, including champion jockey Kieren Fallon, in an investigation into horse race fixing is clearly very embarrassing for the sport.
VOLLER HAPPY TO STEP ASIDE Newly-appointed Roma coach Rudi Voller would be willing to step down if his predecessor Cesare Prandelli decides to return to the Giallorossi club.
Beijing scrambles to reel in costs Beijing -- Talk in China has shifted from holding a  #39;green #39; or  #39;people #39;s #39; Olympics to a  #39;frugal Games #39; as Beijing tightens its purse strings while undertaking massive preparations to play host to the 2008 event.
Irish invite for marathon athlete Vanderlei de Lima lost his first place position after former priest Cornelius Horan burst onto the track and wrestled him into the crowd.
Zib takes Ferrero to the limit The match started at about 4 pm on Louis Armstrong Stadium Court with plenty of empty seats and a lazy, late-summer loginess to the game.
Roundup: Canada, Sweden post victories Even wearing an unflattering honey mustard- colored sweater, Team Canada players showed their true colors in their opening game of the World Cup of Hockey on Tuesday.
RAIDERS NOTEBOOK Hambrick, Zellner traded to Arizona Tailback Troy Hambrick once bristled at the prospect of playing behind Emmitt Smith in Dallas, believing the aging Hall of Fame-bound rusher was taking carries that belonged to him.
Captors release 7 hostages in Iraq Seven truck drivers taken hostage in Iraq over a month ago have been released, according to their employer, Kuwait and Gulf Link Transport company.
Sudanese Aid Workers Released by Rebels AL-FASHER, Sudan Sept. 1, 2004 - Rebels released six Sudanese aid workers early Wednesday in Darfur, four days after they went missing during a trip to register refugees fled a brutal campaign of killings in the war-ravaged region, a UN official said.
Kathmandu Under Curfew After Violent Protests Against Killing of &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The Nepalese capital Kathmandu is under a curfew, which the government imposed after the city erupted in violent protests against the killing of 12 Nepalese workers in Iraq.
Chalabi Escapes Assassination Attempt Gunmen opened fire on former Iraqi governing council president Ahmed Chalabi #39;s convoy on Wednesday, wounding two of his bodyguards, the politician and his aides said.
Suspected N. Koreans Enter Japanese School in Beijing A group of people thought to be North Korean refugees is now in the visa section of the Japanese embassy in Beijing. Japanese diplomats say 29 people entered a Japanese school in the capital Wednesday.
Lebanese MPs to vote Friday on law amendment Constitutional amendment drafted will allow Lahoud to stand for re-election despite opposition at home, abroad. BEIRUT - Lebanese MPs will vote Friday on a constitutional amendment drafted under pressure from 
Mortars Fired at Iraq National Assembly Opening Insurgents fired mortars and rockets at a venue where Iraq #39;s interim national assembly held its first session Wednesday, a stark reminder of the country #39;s risky road to elections in January.
Two new rocky  #39;super Earths #39; found Two Neptune-sized planets have been discovered circling stars beyond our Solar System, US astronomers reported on Tuesday. The discoveries, which come less than a week after a similar announcement by European 
Self-contained The Cupertino firm unveiled a new line of iMac desktop computers on Tuesday that have been reduced to a simple 2-inch deep flat-panel LCD display, held up by a slim, aluminum stand.
Earth #39;s  #39;big brothers #39; floating around stars Washington - A new class of planets has been found orbiting stars besides our sun, in a possible giant leap forward in the search for Earth-like planets that might harbour life.
Robson sacked by Newcastle NEWCASTLE, England: Bobby Robson #39;s five-year reign as Newcastle United manager ended yesterday when he paid the price for his side #39;s poor start to the season and growing dressing room unrest.
Sharapova Toughs Out Three-Set Win Maria Sharapova nearly crumbled under the weight of remarkable expectations Tuesday night in her first-round match at the US Open.
Three killed in Russian hostage crisis MOSCOW: At least three people were killed when gunmen took up to 240 people hostage in a school in North Ossetia, close to Chechnya, ITAR-TASS quoted local authorities as saying.
Sudanese aid workers released by Darfur rebels The Sudanese Red Crescent confirmed on Wednesday the release of a group of Sudanese aid workers kidnapped by rebels in Darfur since weekend.
Alleged US Army Deserter Says He Will Face Charges US Army Sergeant Charles Robert Jenkins, who allegedly defected to North Korea nearly 40 years ago, is promising to face desertion charges against him soon.
Analysis: Putin #39;s permanent problem For more than four years now the word President Vladimir Putin has used about the situation in Chechnya is  quot;normalisation quot;.
Gov #39;t Launches France Telecom Stake Sale France launched the sale of at least 9.6 percent of France Telecom, a move that could raise up to 5.8 billion euros (\$7.1 billion) that will be used to help the French government reduce its national debt.
US  #39;defector #39; to turn himself in Charles Robert Jenkins, a one-time US Army sergeant accused of defecting to North Korea 39 years ago, has saidy he will soon surrender to military authorities to  quot;face the charges that have been filed against me.
Apple iMac G5: a first look The half-dome base is gone, and the iMac G5 is iPod-white in colour. Get more of our first impressions of Apple #39;s redesigned iMac.
Cloning from the dead claim attacked Viable embryos have been created from dead people by fusing their cells with empty cow eggs, a controversial fertility scientist claimed on Tuesday.
One Small Step as China Opens Space Center China offered a rare glimpse of its manned space flight center Wednesday, drawing back -- if only slightly -- the veil of secrecy around China #39;s ambitions in outer space.
Three jockeys held in race fixing probe THREE jockeys and a trainer were arrested today in a probe into alleged fixing of horse races. More than 130 officers raided 19 addresses across Suffolk, North Yorkshire and South Yorkshire and arrested 12 people for conspiracy to defraud.
News in brief A provisional 2005 calendar was doing the rounds in Belgium. It features nineteen races, one more than this year, with all 2004 events still in place, joined by a new race in Turkey.
WHARF AMONG THE WICKETS Debutant Alex Wharf claimed three quick wickets as England took charge of their first NatWest Challenge match against India at Trent Bridge today.
Armed Attackers Seize School in Russia Heavily armed insurgents, some with explosives strapped to their bodies, seized a school in southern Russia today and herded scores of schoolchildren and others into its gymnasium.
Milosevic Concludes Opening Statement Former Yugoslav President Slobodan Milosevic has ended his opening statement in his war crimes trial, arguing he did nothing wrong.
Militants release seven hostages SEVEN truck drivers from Egypt, Kenya and India held hostage in Iraq since July 21 and working for a Kuwaiti firm have been released, Al-Arabiya television has reported.
Accused US deserter to report to military An American soldier accused of deserting to North Korea in 1965 and now in hospital in Tokyo says he is willing to report to the US military in Japan to face charges.
WTO Backs Effort Aimed At US Law The retaliatory tariffs are less than the Europeans and others had sought, and they are far less than the \$4 billion the WTO authorized the EU to impose in another case involving US export subsidies.
US Economy: Consumer Confidence, Chicago Index Fall (Update3) Consumer confidence in the US economy fell in August for the first time since February as job growth faded and oil prices rose to a record.
Oil prices drop sharply to \$42US per barrel in spite of Iraqi &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Oil prices dropped sharply Monday, falling below \$42 US per barrel, as last week #39;s selloff continued despite sabotage of Iraqi oil infrastructure that curbed exports.
Airbus May Supply Planes in Cebu Air #39;s \$350 Mln Fleet Renewal Airbus SAS, the world #39;s largest maker of commercial aircraft, is poised to supply an unspecified number of A319 planes to the Philippines #39; second-biggest airline Cebu Air Inc.
Bank Of America Chief Continues Meetings On Layoffs BOSTON -- Bank of America chief executive Ken Lewis will continue meeting with local officials this week who question whether the bank broke commitments by ordering job cuts in its acquisition of FleetBoston.
Apple #39;s new iMac makes delayed debut Apple Computer Inc. on Tuesday introduced an latest version of iMac desktop computer, a sleek model in which the processors and drives are packaged behind its 2-inch-thick monitor.
Veritas buys KVS, plugs archive hole Underlining the importance of message archiving software, Veritas Software Corp. has announced plans for a \$224 million cash acquisition of KVS Software Ltd.
eBay to Hike Stake in Local Firm Online retail giant eBay Inc. plans to increase its stake in Internet Auction, South Korea #39;s top online auctioneer, to 85.61 percent, the Korean firm said Wednesday.
Fury at cloning scientist #39;s use of DNA from the dead A MAVERICK cloning scientist came under severe criticism yesterday as he denied exploiting bereaved couples by using DNA from their dead children in his experiments.
Yankees slump to embarrassing defeat The New York Yankees, the most celebrated franchise in United States sport who boast a payroll of more than \$A255 million, have gone down 22-0 to the Cleveland Indians in New York.
LaFrentz holding up well Raef LaFrentz can talk all he wants about how good his surgically repaired right knee feels. He can put all kinds of percentages on his recovery/comeback. He can liken his agility on the court to how it was before the operation.
Thinnest iMac Ever Makes Paris Debut  quot;A lot of people are going to ask,  #39;Where did the computer go? #39; quot; says Phil Schiller, Apple #39;s senior vice president of worldwide product marketing.
First Look: Rio #39;s Hot New Carbon MP3 Player Rio #39;s new 5GB Carbon is the sleekest MP3 player I #39;ve laid eyes on. Happily, the device, which hits stores this week, isn #39;t just about looks: A simple interface and amazing battery life make it the new mini to beat.
Fallon among 16 arrested in British race-fixing probe Champion jockey Kieren Fallon was among 16 people arrested Wednesday in an investigation into corruption within horse racing, Britain #39;s domestic Press Association news agency reported.
Henman back on track and flushed with success US OPEN fifth seed Tim Henman hopes to put a back problem behind him as he looks to progress in the final grand slam event of the year, the US Open at Flushing Meadow in New York.
Seven Foreign Truckers Freed in Iraq; France Anxious (Reuters) Reuters - Islamic militants freed seven truck\drivers from India, Kenya and Egypt held hostage in Iraq for\six weeks, offering a ray of hope Wednesday to a dozen other\foreign nationals still in captivity.
Before-the-Bell: SuperGen Shares Soar (Reuters) Reuters - Shares of SuperGen Inc. \jumped more than 24 percent in trading before the market opened\on Wednesday after MGI Pharma Inc.  said it would take\a  #36;40 million stake in the company as part of a cancer drug\license deal.
Stocks to Watch Wednesday (Reuters) Reuters - Stocks to watch on Wednesday: FOREST\LABORATORIES INC.
Pakistan Says 'Important' Al Qaeda Men Arrested (Reuters) Reuters - Pakistani security forces have\arrested two "important" al Qaeda operatives, including an\Egyptian, a senior official said on Wednesday.
Oil Rebounds After 8-Day Slide on Blaze (Reuters) Reuters - Oil prices rose on Wednesday, stemming\an eight-session slide that has dragged prices down 14 percent\from record highs as news emerged of a fresh pipeline fire in\Iraq.
Yankees' AL East Lead Drops to 3 1/2 Games (AP) AP - The Boston Red Sox looked at the out-of-town scoreboard and could hardly believe what they saw. The New York Yankees were trailing big at home against the Cleveland Indians in what would be the worst loss in the 101-year history of the storied franchise.
Russia Sends Troops to Guard Nuclear Sites (Reuters) Reuters - Russia deployed extra troops to guard\dozens of nuclear facilities across the country on Wednesday\after militants seized a school in the south and a suicide bomb\attack in Moscow, the nuclear authority said.
Jury Selection Continues in Bryant Case (AP) AP - About three-quarters of potential jurors in the Kobe Bryant sexual assault case have already been told whether to return to the courthouse later this week for more questioning, putting the selection process on schedule, court officials say.
Mortgage Applications Ease in Aug 27 Week (Reuters) Reuters - New applications for U.S. home loans\eased last week for the second week in a row even though\30-year mortgage interest rates decreased slightly, an industry\group said on Wednesday.
Sudanese Aid Workers Released by Rebels (AP) AP - Rebels released six Sudanese aid workers early Wednesday in Darfur, four days after they went missing during a trip to register refugees fleeing a brutal campaign of killings in the war-ravaged region, a U.N. official said.
Tougher policy in works In the wake of leaked grand jury testimony that implicated superstars Barry Bonds and Jason Giambi in the BALCO steroid scandal, Major League Baseball and the Players Association may be close to forging a tougher new policy on drug testing.
Deutsche Telekom to buy Polish telecoms operator PTC (AFP) AFP - German telecommunications giant Deutsche Telekom has agreed with French firm Vivendi Universal and Polish energy group Elektrim to buy Poland's biggest mobile phone group PTC.
Musharraf inducts 32 ministers in new Pakistani cabinet (AFP) AFP - Pakistan's President Pervez Musharraf swore in a 32-member cabinet headed by newly elected Prime Minister Shaukat Aziz, officials said.
Without crucial feature, what will new Windows do? (USATODAY.com) USATODAY.com - Microsoft's next version of Windows, due in 2006, is code-named Longhorn. Last week, after Microsoft said it is postponing what would've been the most profound new feature of Longhorn, the tech comedians started calling the coming operating system Shorthorn.
Stocks Seen Flat; Data, NY Protests Eyed  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Stocks looked to open flat on  Wednesday as investors await Friday's job figures and stay  cautious as concerns loom about potential disruptions to the  Republican party's convention in New York this week.
Before-the-Bell: SuperGen Shares Soar  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Shares of SuperGen Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=SUPG.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;SUPG.O&lt;/A&gt;  jumped more than 24 percent in trading before the market opened  on Wednesday after MGI Pharma Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MOGN.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;MOGN.O&lt;/A&gt; said it would take  a \$40 million stake in the company as part of a cancer drug  license deal.
Henin-Hardenne Shakes Off Teen at U.S Open (AP) AP - Her credentials are impeccable  #151; No. 1 player in the world, winner of the Olympic gold medal. And yet, there were moments Tuesday at the U.S. Open when Justine Henin-Hardenne was in trouble, challenged by a teenager who had never played in a Grand Slam event before.
Drug Companies Wooing GOP Pols at RNC (AP) AP - The pharmaceutical industry, fighting to defeat proposals that would give U.S. patients easier access to cheaper Canadian drugs, is making the most of its chance for face time with lawmakers at the GOP convention.
Stocks to Watch Wednesday  The drug company's experimental treatment for Alzheimer's  failed to prove effective in a big clinical trial. The stock  closed Tuesday at \$45.85 on the New York Stock Exchange before  falling 10 percent in after-hours trading following release of  the trial results.  
Oil Rebounds After 8-Day Slide on Blaze  LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices rose on Wednesday, stemming  an eight-session slide that has dragged prices down 14 percent  from record highs as news emerged of a fresh pipeline fire in  Iraq.
Rocket Launches with U.S. Security Satellite (Reuters) Reuters - The last Atlas 2 rocket was\launched on Tuesday, putting a national security satellite into\orbit after four days of delays caused mostly by stormy\weather.
Senegalese Fight Locusts with Smoke and Sticks (Reuters) Reuters - Residents burned tires and\children took to the streets with sticks in Senegal's capital\on Wednesday to fight an invasion of locusts, as 12 West\African nations agreed on a battle plan.
Mortgage Applications Ease in Aug 27 Week  NEW YORK (Reuters) - New applications for U.S. home loans  eased last week for the second week in a row even though  30-year mortgage interest rates decreased slightly, an industry  group said on Wednesday.
Seven Foreign Truckers Freed in Iraq; France Anxious  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Islamic militants freed seven truck  drivers from India, Kenya and Egypt held hostage in Iraq for  six weeks, offering a ray of hope Wednesday to a dozen other  foreign nationals still in captivity.
Boston Scientific Outlook Trails Views  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Boston Scientific Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=BSX.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;BSX.N&lt;/A&gt;, whose  Taxus heart device has been involved in a major recall, said on  Wednesday preliminary August sales of the device slowed to \$200  million from \$207 million reported in July, and issued an  outlook that was below Wall Street estimates.
Pakistan Says 'Important' Al Qaeda Men Arrested  ISLAMABAD (Reuters) - Pakistani security forces have  arrested two "important" al Qaeda operatives, including an  Egyptian, a senior official said on Wednesday.
Kuwait Firm Says Its Truckers Held in Iraq Freed  KUWAIT (Reuters) - A Kuwaiti company with seven truck  drivers held captive in Iraq said Wednesday that they have been  freed by their captors.
Dollar Struggles Above Recent Lows  LONDON (Reuters) - The dollar struggled on Wednesday to  move away from the previous day's six-week lows versus the yen  and a one-week trough against the euro brought on by weak U.S.  data, but caution remained high ahead of other key releases.
Leading Iranian Dissident Demands Trial by Jury  TEHRAN (Reuters) - A top Iranian dissident demanded trial  by jury Wednesday, refusing to be tried by one Hardline judge  on charges including "acting against state security."
Pope Appeals for Iraq Hostages; French Cling to Hope  DOHA (Reuters) - Pope John Paul, echoing appeals by Muslim  leaders, called Wednesday for the release of two French  journalists held hostage in Iraq as France's foreign minister  pressed on with a Middle East rescue mission.
Last Chance for N.Irish Deal as Fresh Talks Open  BELFAST (Reuters) - Talks billed as the last chance to save  Northern Ireland's 1998 Good Friday peace agreement began on  Wednesday with the end of the IRA guerrilla group as one of  their prime aims.
Milosevic Blasts His Trial as 'Pure Farce'  THE HAGUE (Reuters) - Former Yugoslav President Slobodan  Milosevic condemned his war crimes trial as a "pure farce" on  Wednesday in a defiant finish to his opening defense statement  against charges of ethnic cleansing in the Balkans.
Industry Advocates Play Key Convention Roles When Juan Jose Perez, an Ohio delegate, formally placed George W. Bush's name in nomination for president Monday, two men stood by to make sure there were no mistakes.
Senegalese Fight Locusts with Smoke and Sticks  DAKAR, Senegal (Reuters) - Residents burned tires and  children took to the streets with sticks in Senegal's capital  on Wednesday to fight an invasion of locusts, as 12 West  African nations agreed on a battle plan.
Mitsubishi chiefs deny cover up The Japanese car maker and three former executives plead not guilty to charges of covering up a truck defect in an official report.
Octopus Doesn't Give Up on Motherhood (AP) AP - IN AN OCTOPUS'S NURSERY: Aurora, a female giant octopus who hit it off with an elderly male of the species at the Alaska Sealife Center in May, had been tending thousands of eggs ever since. Her sweetheart, J-1, died in September.
Botswana strikers 'being evicted' A union claims that strikers at Botswana's biggest diamond firm are  being evicted from their company-owned homes.
Blast victim sues German agency A five-year-old victim of a Tunisian bomb attack brings a case against  Europe's biggest travel agency, TUI.
Reverse rout in Bronx makes us wonder As opening statements go, this was something along the lines of the Beatles on Ed Sullivan and JFK's inaugural address. In the first true  quot;big quot; game of the season -- the series opener against the potential playoff foes from Anaheim on the very eve of September -- the Red Sox batted around and put a 4-0 lead on the board ...
Start spreading the boos: Yankees absorb worst loss NEW YORK -- With an epic defeat, the New York Yankees' hold on first place in the American League East became increasingly tenuous.
Bookie profits from punters' woes Irish bookmaker Paddy Power reports a dramatic jump in interim profits after punters' fortunes take a turn for the worse.
Angels have some high hopes Several Angels offered only cliches last night when asked about the baseball season entering the home stretch. But others were more candid about their important series at Fenway Park. When asked if facing Boston at a time when it was playing its best ball of the season represented a welcome challenge, an incredulous look came across the face of Anaheim ...
U.S. Firmly Anti-Kyoto as U.N. Climate Talks Start (Reuters) Reuters - The United States\showed no signs of budging in its opposition to the Kyoto\protocol Monday as U.N. climate change talks began, a month\after President Bush's reelection and Russia's ratification of\the agreement.
A great eight for Harden, A's Rich Harden pitched seven solid innings, helping the Oakland A's extend their winning streak to eight games with a 7-2 win over the White Sox last night in Chicago.
Windows update prompts problems The key security update for Windows XP looks set to cause trouble for thousands of firms reveals a survey.
Nixon is still in Garciaparra's corner Among other things left behind by Nomar Garciaparra is his summer baseball camp at Stonehill College, but another member of the Red Sox already has plans to take over next year.
Attackers storm Russian school Armed men and women seize a secondary school in southern Russia, taking up to 200 pupils hostage.
Miller release puts it up in air Options, options. Will the Patriots enter the season with Rohan Davey and Kliff Kingsbury as their backup quarterbacks or will they wait for Jim Miller , whom they released yesterday, to get ready and then re-sign him? Will they sign a quarterback if one is released in the next few days or trade for one?
Milosevic says Serbs not guilty Ex-Yugoslav leader Slobodan Milosevic denies Serbs committed war crimes he is accused of orchestrating.
Raiders' Woodson signs to end holdout Charles Woodson signed the Oakland Raiders' one-year tender for \$8.782 million yesterday, rejoining the team after a 33-day holdout.
Foreign truckers released in Iraq Militants in Iraq have freed seven foreign lorry drivers held hostage for more than a month, their employer says.
Thornton's game: It's improving On Monday, reporters were speculating about whether Bruins captain Joe Thornton would be odd man out for Team Canada in last night's World Cup matchup against Team USA at the Bell Centre because of the amount of talent on the roster. But Thornton knew something they didn't. During an on-ice meeting with coach Pat Quinn during practice that ...
Rookie is here to stay In the Deutsche Bank field of 156 golfers, many are well-known, but a lot are far removed from the spotlight. Meet another of those unheralded golfers -- PGA Tour rookie Zach Johnson. He won the BellSouth Classic in April and ranks 23d on the money list, but he's hardly a household name. Yet.
Rugby: Woodward to quit England England coach Sir Clive Woodward says he will hand in his resignation on Wednesday.
Kenya seeks 'miracle baby' pastor Kenyan police seek the extradition of a UK-based evangelist over an alleged child-smuggling ring.
Catholic Conference capsules BC HIGH Coach: Jim Cotter (41st year, 232-139-17). Last year's record: 4-7. Returning starters (8): Chris Marinelli, TE/DT, 6-7, 275, Sr.; Jack Shields, QB, 6-6, 225, Jr.; Dan Capeless, FB, 5-11, 190, Jr.; Joe Hobin, OG, 6-0, 210, Sr.; Mike Cannon, OG, 6-1, 210, Sr.; Ryan Cooney, WB/FS, 6-2, 195, Sr.; Mariano Beecher, CB, 5-9, 165, Sr.; Matt Fopiano, NG, ...
Greater Boston League capsules ARLINGTON Coach: Rob DiLoreto (third year, 9-11). Last year's record: 4-6. Returning starters (12): Jay McGrath, C, 6-0, 260, Sr.; Michael O'Loughlin, RB, 5-11, 185, Sr.; Moses Ortiz, TE, 6-1 215, Sr.; Jordan Cooper, SE, 6-3, 195, Sr.; Neil Rainford, RB, 5-10, 210, Sr.; Michael Talarico, RB, 6-0, 195, Jr.; Peter Samko, OG, 5-9, 255, Jr.; Josh Vest, DL, 6-0, ...
Fidelity slashes index-fund fees Fidelity Investments pays its mutual fund managers handsomely to do one thing: outsmart the stock market.
Today's schedule Amateur baseball: Yawkey League playoffs -- Somerville vs. South Boston at Ronan Park, Dorchester, 7:30 p.m.
No easy answers It was the final Saturday morning in August in this North Shore town, the kind of day made for yard sales or packing off to the beach with the kids. But as the brilliant sun poured through the stained-glass windows of St. Richard Church, hundreds had come to say goodbye to Tim Harbert, a husband, a father of ...
'Cards' stacked for US It's called the US Open, and though fewer than a fifth of the competitors this year are US-born, it's not because the US Tennis Association hasn't tried to get more Americans. All 16 of the wild cards in men's and women's singles were awarded to Americans, even at the expense of the men's NCAA champion, Benjamin Becker ...
Transactions BASEBALL Atlanta (NL): Optioned P Roman Colon to Greenville (Southern); recalled OF Dewayne Wise from Richmond (IL). Boston (AL): Purchased C Sandy Martinez from Cleveland (AL) and assigned him to Pawtucket (IL). Cleveland (AL): Recalled OF Ryan Ludwick from Buffalo (IL). Chicago (NL): Acquired OF Ben Grieve from Milwaukee (NL) for player to be named and cash; acquired C Mike ...
Consumer confidence plummets Consumers' renewed worries about job prospects led to a bigger-than-expected drop in confidence in August and provided more evidence of the fragility of the economic expansion.
Cubs trade for Grieve and DiFelice The Chicago Cubs made a pair of trades yesterday, getting outfielder Ben Grieve from the Milwaukee Brewers for cash and a player to be named and backup catcher Mike DiFelice from the Detroit Tigers for a player to be named. Grieve, 28, hit .261 with seven home runs and 29 RBIs in 108 games for Milwaukee. He is a career ...
Oil prices slide despite Iraq uncertainty The price of oil slid toward \$42 a barrel yesterday despite confusion about the status of Iraqi exports, indicating the market has become less worried about the global balance of supply and demand.
Greeks still carry a torch for the Olympics The regulars at the Thessalia Grill on Skiathou Street had waited all month for Panagiotis Tsimbidas to open his doors, which had been closed because of his annual August vacation and the unexpected heart problems of his elderly father-in-law.
TechTarget hires 2 IDG executives The rivalry between TechTarget Inc., an upstart Needham technology publisher, and the giant International Data Group intensified as TechTarget hired away two key IDG executives. Maryfran Johnson, longtime editor of the IDG publication Computerworld, and Joseph Levy, who headed the company's CXO Media group, are joining TechTarget to launch publications. ''Right now we're not revealing what we're working on, quot; said ...
Fallon arrested in fixing probe Champion jockey Kieren Fallon is among 16 people arrested over allegations of horse race fixing.
State eyes 9.3 auto-rate hike In what Governor Mitt Romney hopes will be a regulatory swan song, Massachusetts officials yesterday began hearing testimony on rate increases sought by the state's automobile insurers and agents that would boost the average premium of drivers next year by 9.3 percent, to \$1,183.
Analysts expect drop in stent sales Boston Scientific Corp. may forecast a drop in third-quarter sales of its Taxus heart stent after three recalls cut demand for the device, the company's top-selling product.
Scientists track incoming probe The Genesis spaceprobe with its cargo of solar wind particles is just a week away from reaching Earth.
Passion sells 2.4m copies on DVD The Passion of the Christ sells 2.4 million copies on DVD in its first few hours on sale in the US.
Video said to show slaying of 12 hostages BAGHDAD -- A gruesome video posted on a website purportedly showed militants beheading a Nepalese worker and shooting 11 others in the first mass slaying of foreign hostages during the Iraqi insurgency.
16 killed in suicide bombings in Israel BEERSHEBA, Israel -- Palestinian suicide bombers blew up two passenger buses in near-simultaneous explosions yesterday afternoon along the main thoroughfare of this southern Israeli city, killing 16 people and shattering a five-month lull in suicide attacks inside the Jewish state.
China, Taiwan lauded for canceling exercises WASHINGTON -- The State Department welcomed yesterday steps by China and Taiwan to ease tensions by curtailing long-planned military exercises. Taiwan canceled a major live-fire military exercise shortly after Beijing reportedly called off massive war games near Taiwan.  quot;We welcome and encourage all these steps that are being taken by Taiwan and the People's Republic of China to reduce tensions, quot; ...
US bombs militants by Afghan village KABUL, Afghanistan -- US warplanes bombed an Afghan village in the heat of a battle between US-led forces and insurgents, killing more than a dozen people and striking the camp of a Danish relief group.
In India, some farmers benefiting from a cyber-revolution BANGALORE, India -- For three generations, two families have fought over an acre of farmland in an arid stretch of southern India, each waving documents to support its claim.
Communism, capitalism forge throngs in Bucharest BUCHAREST, Romania -- No parking spaces. Crippling traffic jams. Sky-high rents. Is this London, Rome, or Athens? No, it's Bucharest, where communism and capitalism have conspired to make it Europe's most crowded capital.
Illegal migrants' Social Security payments out of reach MEXICO CITY -- For the 14 years he worked as an undocumented migrant in the United States, Carmelo Rivera saw up to \$30 deducted each week from the \$300 to \$500 he earned as a vineyard worker. The deductions were supposed to pay for his retirement.
11 Kurds killed in Turkey clashes ANKARA, Turkey -- Turkish commandos killed 11 Kurds in three days of battles in the mountains bordering Iraq, one of the biggest offensives against the autonomy-seeking rebels in five years, authorities said yesterday. The government didn't rule out bolstering its forces in northern Iraq.
Despite stigma, Indian film focuses on growing HIV epidemic BOMBAY -- In the fantasy world of Indian film, Shilpa Shetty is a reigning princess, a lissome 29-year-old with a talent for twirling across Alpine meadows, muscle-bound suitors in tow. Serious drama? Well, it's Bollywood, after all.
Armed Attackers Seize School in Russia Heavily armed insurgents, some with explosives strapped to their bodies, seized a school in southern Russia today and herded scores of people into its gymnasium.
Kidnappers in Iraq Free Seven Truckers KUWAIT CITY - Seven employees of a Kuwaiti trucking company who had been kidnapped in Iraq are free and headed to Kuwait, a company spokeswoman told The Associated Press Wednesday.   "They are all fine, in good health...
Stock Futures Indecisive in Early Going NEW YORK - U.S. stock futures were indecisive early Wednesday despite Republican convention speaker Arnold Schwarzenegger's scolding of "economic girlie men."   Dow Jones futures were down 1 point recently, while Nasdaq futures fell 2.50 point and S P futures rose 0.30 of a point...
Butterfly Ballot Designer Loses Election WEST PALM BEACH, Fla. - The county election supervisor whose confusing ballot design contributed to the turmoil of the 2000 presidential election became the butt of late-night talk show jokes and the target of death threats...
1-Day Figures Due for 'Passion' DVD Sales LOS ANGELES - Total one-day sales figures were expected Wednesday for the DVD of Mel Gibson's biblical epic "The Passion of the Christ," which has already sold about 2.4 million copies.   "We think a lot of the consumers will be going in after work to pick it up," said Steve Feldstein, spokesman for Fox Home Entertainment, which is distributing the DVD...
Talks to End Fighting in Baghdad Stall BAGHDAD, Iraq - Talks to end fighting between U.S. forces and Shiite militants in the Baghdad slum of Sadr City have stalled, with the government refusing militant demands for American troops to keep out of the troubled district, negotiators for the militants said Wednesday...
Hundreds Held Hostage in Russia School MOSCOW - Attackers wearing suicide-bomb belts seized a school in a Russian region bordering Chechnya on Wednesday and were holding hundreds of hostages, including 200 children. The assault came a day after a suicide bomber killed 10 people in Moscow...
Cheney Due to Lash Into Kerry in Speech NEW YORK - Vice President Dick Cheney was stepping up to denounce Democrat John Kerry's "confusion of conviction" after President Bush formally won the Republican nomination for a second term in a carefully choreographed GOP convention roll call.    The second day of the convention brought out thousands of protesters who set out on a march to the convention site, getting in the way of a busload of delegates and engaging in shouting matches with officers around Manhattan...
West Bank City Closed Off After Blasts JERUSALEM - Israeli troops closed off a West Bank city and Palestinian militants celebrated after Hamas blew up two buses, seconds apart, in the desert town of Beersheba, killing 16 Israelis and ending a months-long lull in suicide attacks.    The twin bombings shattered hopes in Israel that the period of suicide attacks - more than 100 in four years - was over...
Hundreds Held Hostage in Russia School MOSCOW - Armed attackers, some wearing suicide-bomb belts, seized a school Wednesday in a Russian region bordering Chechnya and were holding hundreds of children and adults hostage, news reports said. The assault came a day after a suicide bomber killed 10 people in Moscow...
Terrorists Storm School in Southern Russia Armed terrorists stormed a school in southern Russia near the separatist region of Chechnya Wednesday morning, taking hostage more than a hundred students, teachers and parents after a shootout with local police, authorities said.
Vote Swaps Revamped for 2004 If you'd like to vote for a third-party candidate, but don't want to cost the Democrats or Republicans the election, take heart. Sites are cropping up to allow voters in swing states to swap votes with people in non-swing states. By Joanna Glasner.
Rockies release Neagle Denny Neagle's second run-in with the law in a little more than a year cost him his job with the Colorado Rockies.
Countdown to download chart debut The UK music industry launches its first official download chart on BBC Radio 1 on Wednesday evening.
Silver surfers' cyber caf award Pensioners celebrate after their internet caf is chosen as one of the world's best places to surf the internet.
Web romance 'fuels divorce rise' Websites which reunite old flames may be contributing to the highest UK divorce rate for seven years.
Ringleader Pleads  Guilty in Internet Drug Sale Scheme The leader of a ring that sold weight-loss drugs and other controlled substances over the Internet pleaded guilty to a federal conspiracy charge yesterday even as he defended his business and insisted that he never intended to harm patients.
Just Keep Clicking From digital video cameras on the sidelines to Sony PlayStation 2s in the locker room, technology is changing the way coaches and players prepare for games.
New Front: Recording of Digital Broadcasts Technologies that let people record satellite and Internet radio broadcasts digitally are opening a new front in the recording industry's war on music piracy.
Nintendo Cuts Price on Game Boy Advance Nintendo Co. has permanently slashed prices on its Game Boy Advance SP portable video game system as the company tries to entrench its No. 1 position in the handheld game market.
Philly Considers Wireless Internet for All For about \$10 million, city officials believe they can turn all 135 square miles of Philadelphia into the world's largest wireless Internet hot spot.
ISS Astronauts Prepare for Another Spacewalk NASA -- International Space Station Commander Gennady Padalka and NASA ISS Science Officer Mike Fincke will replace and install equipment during their fourth and final Expedition 9 spacewalk.     Some of that equipment, three new antennas, will help guide the new Automated Transfer Vehicle (ATV) to its first docking to the Station late next year...
U.S. Dietary Panel May Green-Light Desserts, Treats By E.J. Mundell, HealthDay Reporter    HealthDayNews -- The new federal dietary formula may offer sweet rewards for following its guidelines, an idea that's not settling well with nutritionists...
Nearly Pain-Free Surgery Becoming More Common Doctors say patients timid about having surgeries for fear of pain shouldn't put it off: A new focus on patient comfort and advances in pain management are making many procedures nearly pain-free.
Drug Companies Wooing GOP Politicians at RNC By SHARON THEIMER    NEW YORK (AP) -- The pharmaceutical industry, fighting to defeat proposals that would give U.S. patients easier access to cheaper Canadian drugs, is making the most of its chance for face time with lawmakers at the GOP convention...
Scientists Praise New Cholesterol Test By EMMA ROSS    MUNICH, Germany (AP) -- A simple test that scrutinizes bad cholesterol more closely may more reliably predict who is going to have a heart attack, new research indicates.    The current test measures total cholesterol and the breakdown of good HDL and bad LDL cholesterol...
Health Highlights: Aug. 31, 2004 Here are some of the latest health and medical news developments, compiled by editors of HealthDay:    -----       ACE Inhibitors Protect Artery Lining      Blood pressure drugs called ACE inhibitors not only lower blood pressure but also improve the health of artery walls, says an Italian study that reveals exactly how the drugs help protect people against heart attacks.      It's long been suspected that there had to be something else besides the ability of ACE (angiotensin converting enzyme) inhibitors to lower blood pressure to explain their benefit to patients...
Software maker targets remote access market Among new products from 3am Labs is a free tool for accessing a PC via any device with a browser.
Organizers shun wireless for GOP convention network NEW YORK -- The IT planners began working 18 months ago, evaluating the buildings that would contain 4,800 delegates and twice as many journalists at this week's Republican National Convention in New York. From the start, they agreed on one major infrastructure issue: No wireless.
Veritas buys KVault Software in \$225M deal Storage and backup application vendor Veritas Software Corp. is acquiring e-mail archiving vendor KVault Software Ltd. (KVS) to bolster its offerings to customers.
Dell to introduce its first color laser printers Dell Inc. is expected to add a splash of color to its laser printer lineup Wednesday with three new models for businesses and home-office users.
Logitech launches laser-tracking mouse SAN FRANCISCO - Logitech Inc. was set Wednesday to introduce a new mouse that uses a laser beam to track the movements of the device. The mouse, which Logitech claims will be the first such laser-tracking device, provides end users with better click-and-point capabilities than traditional LED- (light-emitting diode) based optical mice, according to company officials.
Building a Global Phone If a technology currently in development pans out, one handset could work on multiple cellular networks.
Tech.gov: Can Anything Stem the Spyware Tide? Spyware problems continue to rise. Congress is stepping up to the plate--but will its efforts be more effective than CAN-SPAM?
New Tech Front: Recording of Digital Broadcasts Technologies that let people record satellite and Internet radio broadcasts digitally are opening a new front in the recording industry's war on music piracy. This has given the music industry a new problem to worry about.
Republican Convention Wiring a Mix of Technologies By ANICK JESDANUN    NEW YORK (AP) -- The wiring at the Republican National Convention is rich enough to download the entire Encyclopedia Britannica in roughly 30 seconds. More noteworthy, though, is what the gathering lacks: Wi-Fi wireless networks for Internet access...
New Computer Mouse to Use Sensor Based on Laser By MAY WONG    SAN JOSE, Calif. (AP) -- Forget about a better mousetrap...
Nintendo Cuts Price on Game Boy Advance System By MATT SLAGLE    DALLAS (AP) -- Nintendo Co. has permanently slashed prices on its Game Boy Advance SP portable video game system as the company tries to entrench its No...
Philadelphia Considers Wireless Internet for All By DAVID B. CARUSO    PHILADELPHIA (AP) -- For about \$10 million, city officials believe they can turn all 135 square miles of Philadelphia into the world's largest wireless Internet hot spot...
UPDATE 1-Before the Bell-Boston Scientific falls Shares of Boston Scientific Corp. (BSX.N: Quote, Profile, Research) slid more than 3 percent in premarket trading on Wednesday after reporting that sales of its Taxus stent slowed 
Albertsons #39; profit falls 36 percent Albertsons Inc., the No. 2 US supermarket chain, said second-quarter profit dropped 36 percent after the Boise, Idaho-based company slashed prices to attract shoppers lost during a strike in Southern California.
Hain Celestial #39;s Earnings Meet Estimates MELVILLE, NY - The Hain Celestial Group #39;s earnings matched analysts #39; estimates for the latest quarter, and the natural food company said it expects improved earnings because of price increases and recent acquisitions.
Nintendo cuts price on Game Boy Advance Nintendo Co. has permanently slashed prices on its Game Boy Advance SP portable video game system as the company tries to entrench its No.
UPDATE 1-England win toss, elect to field v India England won the toss and elected to field in the first one-day international against India at Trent Bridge on Wednesday. The home side handed a debut to all rounder Alex Wharf, who 
Milosevic Calls his Trial  #39;A Farce #39; Slobodan Milosevic attacked a prosecution theory that he sought to carve out an ethnically pure greater Serbia in the broken Yugoslav federation, and branded the war crimes indictments against him a sheer mutilation of justice.
Thatcher agrees to pay bail for son in S. Africa: report Former British Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher agreed to pay the 165,000-pound bail (about 297,000 US dollars) required to release her son Mark Thatcher from house arrest in 
Darfur rebels release aid workers held hostages, no word on 22 &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; NAIROBI : Rebels in Darfur released six aid workers taken hostage over the weekend, aid agencies said, but there was still no word on the fate of 22 other health workers missing in the war-ravaged western Sudanese region.
Have 25 Years of Progress Helped? At this year's Ars Electronica, the largest annual festival of technology and art, organizers are focusing on a simple question: Have the technological advancements of the last quarter century helped or hurt us? By Michelle Delio.
Site Tracks Political Zeitgeist With 24-hour-a-day talk on all things political, the web is the ultimate gauge of public thinking. A new site seeks to capture up-to-the-minute buzz with an index of the most authoritative political bloggers. Commentary by Adam L. Penenberg.
Segwaying Across the Country Bidding his desk job goodbye, a web designer is taking his Segway scooter on a cross-country trek from Seattle to Boston. Friends are documenting the 10-mile-per-hour trip along the way. By Rachel Metz.
Scientific Method Man Gordon Rugg cracked the 400-year-old mystery of the Voynich manuscript. Next up: everything from Alzheimer's to the origins of the universe. By Joseph D'Agnese from Wired magazine.
Astronomers: More Earths Likely Two separate teams of astronomers find Neptune-size planets beyond our solar system. Earth-like planets are just around the corner, they say. By Amit Asaravala.
Florida Says E-Vote Primary A-OK The touch-screen voting machines used in 15 Florida counties appear to work smoothly during the state's primary election Tuesday.
Paris Says Bonjour to New IMac Apple introduces a new flat-screen iMac in Paris that looks more like an iPod than a Luxo-lamp. Starting at \$1,300, the new model has Parisian Mac nuts saying 'oui.'
3 Planets Are Found Close in Size to Earth, Making Scientists Think 'Life' A trio of newly discovered worlds are much smaller than any other planets previously discovered outside of the solar system.
New iMac Makes Debut a Bit Later Than Apple Hoped Apple Computer introduced an updated version of its iMac home computer with a minimalist all-in-one system that hides the computer's internal components inside a flat-panel L.C.D. display.
Recording of Digital Broadcasts Is New Frontier Technologies that let people record satellite and Internet radio broadcasts digitally are opening a new front in the recording industry's war on music piracy.
Video Game Sales Seen Pausing After Record 2003 Video game sales soared to a record \$18.2 billion last year, but the days of strong growth are on pause as players await a new generation of consoles.
First Look: Rio's Hot New Carbon MP3 Player (PC World) PC World - Supersleek 5GB digital audio player is set to challenge Apple's IPod Mini.
Brazil slashes Mozambique's debt Brazilian president Lula da Silva says his government will cancel 95 - or \$332m - of the debt owed to it by Mozambique.
Dow Average Futures Fall; Forest Labs Declines, Guidant Rises Dow Jones Industrial Average futures declined amid concern an upcoming report on manufacturing may point to slowing economic growth.
Nintendo cuts Game Boy Advance price Japanese videogame maker Nintendo Co Ltd said on Wednesday it would cut the price of its handheld videogame console Game Boy Advance SP by 21.
House Prices Stall The Bank of England has applied the brakes, and the UK housing juggernaut is finally juddering to a halt... The latest house price report from the Nationwide confirms that the housing market has pulled out 
Man Utd in Rooney admission Manchester United have revealed they had no plans to sign Wayne Rooney until Newcastle made a bid for the striker. United boss Sir Alex Ferguson said he had held talks with Everton boss David Moyes about signing 
Cubs Get Grieve From Brewers, Backup Catcher From Tigers The Cubs made a pair of trades yesterday, getting OF Ben Grieve from the Brewers and acquiring backup C Mike DiFelice from the Tigers.
Oh No! A Bob Knight Sitcom? The life and times of former Indiana University basketball coach Bob Knight could soon be coming to television. The fiery Knight, who now coaches at Texas Tech, met with television officials last month in 
Hostage takers at Russian school refuse talks with Islamic leader Hostage takers holding up to 240 people at a school in southern Russia have refused to talk with a top Islamic leader and demanded to meet with regional leaders instead, ITAR-TASS reported on Wednesday.
Software maker launches remote-access tools Among new products from 3am Labs is a free tool for accessing a PC via any device with a browser.
European Shares Start Little Changed (Reuters) Reuters - European shares started little changed\on Tuesday, weighed by the dollar's fall to a new record low\against the euro, and a rise in oil prices, while French\insurer Scor fell on worries over a WTC jury decision.
Boston Scientific sinks on forecast Boston Scientific Corp. said Wednesday it expects overall third-quarter sales will miss analyst expectations as preliminary August sales of its Taxus heart device, which was involved in 
Little sign of new jobs created in Europe BRUSSELS, Belgium -- The euro zone continues to experience a jobless recovery, with no indication that new jobs are being created after more than a year of generally sluggish economic growth.
Singapore economy may grow by 8 despite high oil prices Despite higher oil prices, the Singapore government on Wednesday keeps its economic growth forecast of 8 percent to 9 percent for this year, and growth of 3 percent to 5 percent for next year.
SCO Posts Q3 Loss as Legal Costs Mount Unix vendor SCO Group (Quote, Chart), in the midst of copyright infringement lawsuits over parts of Linux, reported a net loss of \$7.
Will internet cafs survive 10 more years? As the internet caf celebrates its 10th birthday, what future does it face as net access at home becomes an everyday reality for more and more people?
Israel bombs Palestinian areas, targets Hamas Jerusalem, Sept 1. (PTI): Vowing to fight terrorism with  quot;all the might quot;, Israel today launched a military offensive against the Palestinian Hamas militant group destroying the house of a man involved in yesterday #39;s suicide attacks that left 16 dead.
Keyword Trademark Infringements Search Engine Keyword Trademark Infringements\\On May 19, 2004, auto insurance company Geico sued Google and Overture for allegedly violating its trademarks in search-related advertisements, in the latest legal salvo against the Internet companies.\\The insurer charged the two companies with infringing on its trademarks when they sold them as keywords to ...
Iran Poses Vexing Problems for U.S. (AP) AP - Suspected of seeking nuclear weapons and sponsoring terrorism, Iran could prove to be the biggest foreign policy challenge for the winner of the presidential election.
eBay Bids for the Rest of S.Korean Arm (Reuters) Reuters - eBay Inc.  offered about  #36;530\million to buy the remainder of South Korean affiliate Internet\Auction Co. Ltd. as it pushes deeper into Asia, saying key\shareholders had accepted a 79 percent increase to an earlier\offer.
eBay Bids for the Rest of S.Korean Arm  SEOUL (Reuters) - eBay Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=EBAY.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;EBAY.O&lt;/A&gt; offered about \$530  million to buy the remainder of South Korean affiliate Internet  Auction Co. Ltd. as it pushes deeper into Asia, saying key  shareholders had accepted a 79 percent increase to an earlier  offer.
Omnicare Extends Offer for NeighborCare  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Omnicare Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=OCR.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;OCR.N&lt;/A&gt; said on  Wednesday it extended its \$30 a share all cash offer for all  the outstanding shares of NeighborCare Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=NCRX.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;NCRX.O&lt;/A&gt;.
Pakistan Says It Arrests 'Important' Al Qaeda Men  ISLAMABAD (Reuters) - Pakistani security forces have  arrested two important al Qaeda operatives, including an  Egyptian and a Saudi national, officials said Wednesday.
Need for carbon sink technologies Climate scientists tell a Stockholm conference that greater efforts should be made to pull CO2 from the atmosphere.
Holy DVD! &lt;i&gt;The Passion of the Christ&lt;/i&gt; is a hot DVD, even if the film studios were cast as doubting Thomas' understudies.
Hurricane Creeps Toward Southeastern U.S. MIAMI - A menacing Hurricane Frances, packing 140 mph wind, crept closer Wednesday to the southeastern United States, and forecasters said Florida - still cleaning up after Charley - was at risk for another hurricane strike as soon as Friday.    As Frances closed on the Bahamas, it was expected to fluctuate in intensity and could become a Category 5 storm with winds of 156 mph or higher, said Jamie Rhome, a meteorologist with the National Hurricane Center in Miami...
Cheney to Lash Into Kerry in N.Y. Speech NEW YORK - Vice President Dick Cheney on Wednesday was stepping up to denounce Democrat John Kerry's "confusion of conviction" after President Bush formally won the Republican nomination for a second term in a carefully choreographed GOP convention roll call.    Tuesday night, before a roaring audience of delegates, Bush was lauded by his wife, Laura, and California Gov...
Government launches sale of 9.6 per cent stake in France Telecom France launched the sale of at least 9.6 per cent of France Telecom, a move that could raise up to \$7.1 billion US that will be used to help the French government reduce its national debt.
Hitachi, Matsushita, Toshiba in Venture Japan #39;s Hitachi Ltd., Matsushita Electric Industrial Co. and Toshiba Corp. struck a deal to jointly make displays for flat-screen televisions, starting as early as July 2006, the companies said Tuesday.
Race-fixing probe nets 16 SIXTEEN people, including champion jockey Kieren Fallon, were arrested today in a major investigation into alleged fixing of horse races in Britain, police and news reports said.
No reason to jump for joy It was another head-scratching turn in a Giants season in which no good deed seems to go unpunished. Brett Tomko got his eighth win Tuesday night, a 9-5 victory over the Colorado Rockies that lifted the Giants 
Seven Hostages Freed In Iraq 1 September 2004 -- Seven employees of a Kuwaiti firm taken hostage in Iraq on 21 July were freed today. Spokeswoman Rana Abu-Zaineh of the Kuwait and Gulf Link Transport Company confirmed that the three Kenyans 
Nepal shocked by hostage murders The news that 12 Nepalese hostages in Iraq have been killed has shocked everyone in the country. Ever since the first images of the hostages pleading for their lives was aired on television 
UK expertise 'at risk from cuts' Gordon Brown's Whitehall cuts risk damaging the UK's ability to deal with key scientific problems, a trade union says.
Boston Scientific Outlook Trails Views Boston Scientific Corp. (BSX.N: Quote, Profile, Research) , whose Taxus heart device has been involved in a major recall, said on Wednesday preliminary August sales of the device slowed 
Mitsubishi Pleads Not Guilty to Cover-Up TOKYO Sept. 1, 2004 - Mitsubishi Motors Corp. and three former executives pleaded not guilty Wednesday to falsifying data on a vehicle defect that caused a wheel to fly off a truck and kill a pedestrian, the company said.
eBay Opens Wallet in Korea That #39;s a lesson leveraged for tens of millions of dollars by minority investors in Internet Auction Co., the South Korean Internet site that eBay controls and tried to take private last year.
Friends site  #39;helps swell divorce rate #39; The popularity of Friends Reunited and other internet websites was today blamed for helping to fuel a rise in divorces. Leading counselling group Relate said the growing number of cases in which people met 
Top jockey Kieren Fallon arrested Champion jockey Kieren Fallon is among 16 people arrested in an investigation into corruption within horse racing, sources said. Two other jockeys and a trainer were also held in the probe into alleged race fixing.
Boston Red Sox Team Report - September 1 (Sports Network) - The red-hot Boston Red Sox hope to continue rolling as they continue their three-game set with the Anaheim Angels this evening at Fenway Park.
Treasuries Up; Economy's Strength Doubted (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. Treasury debt prices rose on\Wednesday, building on the previous two sessions' gains as\doubts about the economic outlook and how much the Federal\Reserve will be able to raise interest rates persisted.
U.N.: No Clear Arms Evidence on Iran Nuclear Program (Reuters) Reuters - United Nations inspectors have found\no clear evidence of a nuclear arms program in Iran, according\to an upcoming report by the International Atomic Energy Agency\cited on Wednesday in The Washington Post.
Kidnappers in Iraq Free Seven Truckers (AP) AP - A militant group in Iraq on Wednesday released seven foreign truck drivers they had held hostage for six weeks after dropping nearly all their demands, while Muslims united behind calls for the release of two French journalists captured by a separate group demanding that France revoke a controversial head scarf law.
India rocked by Harmison and Wharf (AFP) AFP - Stephen Harmison took a hat-trick as India were bowled out for a meagre 170 in the first one-day international of a three-game series at Trent Bridge here.
L'Oreal Profits Paint Pretty Picture  PARIS (Reuters) - L'Oreal, the world's biggest cosmetic  group, reported a 6.3 percent rise in first-half earnings on  Wednesday helped by a contribution from drugmaker Sanofi, and  confirmed it was aiming for a 20th straight year of  double-digit profit growth.
Stocks Open Lower as Oil Climbs  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks opened lower on Wednesday  with oil prices rebounding on fresh supply disruptions and  investors cautious before Friday's jobs figures amid concerns  of possible attacks and disruptions to the Republican party's  convention in New York.
Update 1: Ford Reports Sales Drop, Cuts Production General Motors Corp. and Ford Motor Co. reported disappointing US sales Wednesday, prompting the nation #39;s two largest automakers to cut planned vehicle production in the fourth quarter, which could hurt profits.
IMF Chief Urges Argentina to Finish Debt Restructuring Plan The head of the International Monetary Fund has urged Argentina to agree soon to pay private lenders at least part of the \$100 billion in debt the country stopped paying in January 2002.
Boston Scientific #39;s Taxus Sales Rebounded in August (Update2) Boston Scientific Corp., the world #39;s largest maker of heart stents, said US sales of its top-selling Taxus device recovered in August after three recalls led some doctors to stop using the product.
Bill Gates to Upgrade Fun In a revelation that should give late-night comedians two or three days #39; worth of snark fodder, the headlines this morning startled us with the news that the world #39;s 
Update 1: Carrefour #39;s Profit Up on Robust Operations Carrefour, the world #39;s No. 2 retailer said Wednesday that its profit increased 5.3 percent in the first half of the year, as robust international operations and lower finance costs helped it ride out tough conditions at its core French superstores.
Pace of US Factory Growth Slows Growth in US factory activity slowed in August as new orders shrank and manufactures were forced to pay higher prices for supplies, a report on Wednesday showed.
Coke is it: BHP coal to double BHP Billiton plans an aggressive \$US1.5-2 billion (\$2.1-2.8 billion) near-doubling of its coking coal production over the next five years to meet the China-inspired surge in demand for carbon steel-making materials through mine expansions and developments 
MGM shares jump 7.5 pct; report suggests deal near Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer Inc. (MGM.N: Quote, Profile, Research) shares jumped more than 7 percent on Wednesday on a report that a deal to acquire the company for up to \$5 billion could be announced as early as next week.
TransCanada, Petro-Canada to Develop Gas Terminal (Update2) TransCanada Corp., Canada #39;s largest pipeline operator, and oil company Petro-Canada plan to jointly develop aC\$660 million (\$504 million) terminal in Quebec to import liquefied natural gas amid growing demand for the fuel.
Omnicare Extends Offer for NeighborCare Omnicare Inc. (OCR.N: Quote, Profile, Research) said on Wednesday it extended its \$30 a share all cash offer for all the outstanding shares of NeighborCare Inc.
United Says More Job Cuts Necessary CHICAGO -- United Airlines said Wednesday that it needs to cut more jobs as it works on climbing out of bankruptcy. But the nation #39;s No.
Small planets breathe life into old quest The universe looked a little more familiar and friendlier. The roll call of planets beyond the solar system swelled significantly with the announcement of a trio of newly-discovered worlds much smaller than any previously discovered around other stars.
New iMac Packs Computer into Flat Screen The new iMac, whose basic model is priced at \$1,299 in the United States, is set to ship worldwide in mid-September, Schiller said.
EBay To Take Over Korean Affiliate EBay, the world #39;s largest Internet auction house, is making a purchase of its own, increasing its stake in South Korean affiliate Internet Auction.
SCO Slides Again Picking on SCO Group (Nasdaq: SCOX) is really too easy. Unfortunately, it #39;s also necessary, if only as an ongoing cautionary tale for Foolish investors.
Acer reshuffles execs amid growth Taiwanese PC maker Acer on Wednesday laid out its new executive structure, appointing a European executive as president as it prepares for the retirement of founder Stan Shih.
Microsoft to offer Windows XP security pack at post offices TOKYO - Microsoft Corp said Wednesday it will exploit a network of 25,000 post offices in Japan to provide a free CD-ROM version of Windows XP Service Pack 2 with added security features from Oct 1. The update will help computer users protect their 
Veritas Buys KVault for \$225 Million September 1, 2004 -- (WEB HOST INDUSTRY REVIEW) -- Storage software company Veritas (veritas.com) announced on Tuesday that it has entered into an agreement to acquire email backup company Kvault Software for \$225 million in cash, according to a report by 
Cybercafe nets nomination for style A funky Melbourne cybercafe in an Elizabeth Street basement has been named one of the best internet cafes in the world in a survey by search engine company Yahoo.
Nintendo trims Game Boy Advance price Nintendo trimmed the price of its Game Boy Advance player on Wednesday as the company prepared for one of the most serious challenges yet to its dominance of the portable game market.
Final Atlas 2 rocket launches on fifth try A top-secret National Reconnaissance Office spacecraft circles Earth today after rocketing off from Cape Canaveral and away from Hurricane Frances.
Game publisher Acclaim on verge of bankruptcy? Financially troubled game publisher Acclaim Entertainment was expected to file for Chapter 7 bankruptcy protection this week, after laying off more than 600 employees, according to sources closes to the company #39;s management.
AMD Debuts Dual-Core Opteron Processor AMD #39;s new dual-core Opteron chip is designed mainly for corporate computing applications, including databases, Web services, and financial transactions.
Survey: More Hotels Adding Broadband Access A study by the American Hotel  amp; Lodging Association says half of US hotel rooms now offer broadband Internet access. By Eric Chabrow.
Maria dials up big dose of heart Great players do not almost lose to the Laura Granvilles of the women #39;s tour in the first round of the US Open in their first real bow after having won a Wimbledon championship for the ages.
Defense: Prosecution withheld key evidence EAGLE, Colo. -- Attorneys for NBA star Kobe Bryant have asked the judge to dismiss the sexual assault charges against him with opening statements less than a week away, a courts official said Wednesday.
Bertuzzi trial set for new year VANCOUVER - Vancouver Canuck star Todd Bertuzzi will go on trial in Vancouver provincial court on Jan. 17, 2005 for his on-ice attack on another player last season.
Yankees humbled in the Bronx The New York Yankees are comfortably the richest team in baseball. Their \$180m annual wage bill is more than double that of most of their counterparts, and they have many of the game #39;s most luminous stars in their line-up.
Guscott backs Woodward move Former England centre Jeremy Guscott has tipped Sir Clive Woodward to be a success if he does move into football. Woodward resigned as England rugby coach on Wednesday and has been linked with a move to football 
Notre Dame #39;s Goolsby eager to return after missing season He sat out the entire frustrating 5-7 season because of what he describes as his own stupidity. He broke his left collarbone in the Gator Bowl to end the 2002 season, then broke it again several months later 
Referee D #39;Urso suspended for one month London, England (Sports Network) - The English Football Association #39;s referees committee has suspended Andy D #39;Urso for 28 days, retroactive to August 27 and ending September 23.
Stoops brings new swagger to Arizona Mike Stoops #39; voice boomed over the meeting room, startling sleepy reporters at Pac-10 Media Day and announcing that a little Big 12 swagger was invading the mellow conference.
Indiana town houses NHRA #39;s biggest operations The Indianapolis Motor Speedway, home of the world renowned Indianapolis 500, may be the most famous racing venue in all of motorsports.
Milosevic denounces  #39;mutilation of justice #39; The former Yugoslav president Slobodan Milosevic today told the war crimes tribunal in The Hague that the charges against him were  quot;a mutilation of justice quot;.
Blast at South African Gas Plant Kills 5 An explosion at a South African gas plant has killed five workers and injured at least 100 others. A spokesman for the Sasol energy company says the blast occurred Wednesday at its ethylene plant in the northeastern town of Secunda, Mpumalanga.
Iraq #39;s Chalabi escapes assassination Just after escaping an attempt to kill him on Wednesday, he said an Iraqi court had dropped charges that could have put him in jail.
Two die in Nepal protest against Iraq killings Police in Nepal have shot dead two men after crowds attacked a mosque in the capital, Kathmandu and charged through the streets to protest against the killing of 12 Nepalis in Iraq.
Sikhs Gather to Celebrate 400-Year-Old Holy Book Thousands of Sikhs have gathered in the northern Indian city of Amritsar to mark the 400th anniversary of the installation there of Sikhism #39;s holiest book.
29 N. Koreans seek asylum in Beijing Twenty-nine North Koreans sought asylum Wednesday at a Japanese school in Beijing, hoping to ultimately reach South Korea, the Kyodo news agency reported.
Three killed in Saudi rush for IKEA vouchers Sixteen shoppers were injured on Wednesday at the Sweden-based furniture store opening in Jeddah. Medics revived some 20 customers.
Verizon Starts Selling World Phone to Consumers (Reuters) Reuters - Verizon Wireless said on Wednesday its\stores have begun selling a phone from Samsung Electronics\(005930.KS) that was designed to work on mobile networks around\the world.
U.S. Factory Growth Eases (Reuters) Reuters - Expansion in the U.S. factory sector\slowed in August as higher costs for energy and raw materials\squeezed manufacturers, a report showed on Wednesday, but\analysts said growth remained relatively robust.
Israel Helicopter Fires Missiles at Gaza Refugee Camp (Reuters) Reuters - An Israeli helicopter fired three missiles\at an unknown target in a Gaza refugee camp on Wednesday,\Palestinian witnesses said, one day after militants killed 16\Israelis in bus bombings in southern Israel.
GM, Ford Cut Production; U.S. Sales Fall (Reuters) Reuters - General Motors Corp.  and Ford\Motor Co.  posted weaker U.S. sales for August on\Wednesday and both cut planned fourth-quarter production as\their aging vehicle lineups lost ground to rival Chrysler and\some foreign brands.
Bloggers Blanket Republican Convention (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - The idea of penning a blog to cover the Republican National Convention isn't so unique after all.
CEOs See More Hiring, Capital Spending (Reuters) Reuters - A quarterly survey of U.S. chief\executives showed they plan to increase hiring and capital\spending, despite recent soft economic data, concerns about\sluggish job growth and high energy prices.
Air Force Cadet Innocent of Steroid Charge (AP) AP - Air Force linebacker Overton Spence was found innocent of drug charges Wednesday after telling a court-martial he thought the steroids he had taken were legal.
Talks Resume in Bid for N. Ireland Gov't (AP) AP - Ten years after the Irish Republican Army's momentous cease-fire, negotiations resumed Wednesday in hope of reviving a Catholic-Protestant administration, an elusive goal of Northern Ireland's hard-fought peace process.
Phil Schiller, analysts discuss the iMac G5 (MacCentral) MacCentral - Apple Computer Inc.'s Senior Vice President of Hardware Product Marketing, Phil Schiller, officially kicked off Apple Expo Paris this week introducing the iMac G5 during his keynote address. Analysts are unanimous in their support for the new consumer machine and the strategic ties Apple has drawn between the iMac and the iPod in marketing the computer.
Final Preseason Game Important for McMahon (AP) AP - Don't tell Mike McMahon the NFL's final exhibitions are meaningless.
Parker spurs San Antonio to superb NBA start (AFP) AFP - Tony Parker sparked a game-opening 17-2 run and the San Antonio Spurs routed Chicago 91-75 here, extending their best start in club history to a National Basketball Association-leading 16-3 record.
Report: Kidd Not Expected Back Until December (Reuters) Reuters - New Jersey Nets guard Jason\Kidd continues to recover from surgery on his left knee and\will reportedly be sidelined until December.
Fidelity Slashes Fees on Index Funds (AP) AP - Leaping into a burgeoning price war with low-cost exchange traded funds, Fidelity Investments has slashed fees on five index mutual funds widely used in group and individual retirement accounts.
Opera Browser Performs for Windows Mobile (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - Bowing to the influence of wireless operators and handset makers, Opera Software will deliver its revolutionary \smartphone browser to the\Microsoft Windows Mobile operating system.
Reds Activate Wilson, Larson (AP) AP - The Cincinnati Reds activated right-handed pitcher Paul Wilson and infielder Brandon Larson from the 15-day disabled list Wednesday.
Carrefour's Profit Climbs for First Half (AP) AP - Carrefour, the world's No. 2 retailer said Wednesday that its profit increased 5.3 percent in the first half of the year, as robust international operations and lower finance costs helped it ride out tough conditions at its core French superstores.
SCO Revenue Drops as Lawsuits Take Toll (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - It has been a bad quarter for the SCO Group in more ways than one. \The company experienced legal setbacks in its suit against \IBM and Linux users. Then there was the matter of its one-time stalwart financial backer, BayStar, looking very much as though it might bolt from the relationship at one point, due to differing opinions on SCO's overall strategy.
Accused U.S. Deserter to Turn Himself In (AP) AP - Alleged U.S. Army deserter Charles Robert Jenkins said Wednesday he would surrender to U.S. military authorities to face charges he deserted his post along the demilitarized zone dividing north and south Korea in the 1960s.
Swiss Army Medicine (Forbes.com) Forbes.com - Early last year 61-year-old Judy Norris was ready to stop all treatment and let her cancer run its course. Her kidney tumor, diagnosed in 1997, had spread to her abdomen, pancreas and both lungs. Six months of treatment with toxic interleukin-2, one of the only treatments for advanced kidney cancer, had eroded nerves in her hands and feet, caused frequent vomiting and made her skin peel all over--but did nothing to slow the tumors' relentless growth. In June, in a last-ditch effort to save her life, her oncologist recommended an experimental pill from Pfizer called SU11248. ...
Report: SP2 Problems Impact 10 Percent of Windows XP PCs (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - Businesses preparing to implement Windows XP SP2 should brace themselves for problems impacting a significant number of their Windows XP machines, according to research conducted by I.T. infrastructure management firm AssetMetrix.
Mountaineers Prepared to Lead Big East (AP) AP - West Virginia coach Rich Rodriguez can't help but notice the buzz on campus.
AMD's Next Rabbit Out of the Hat: Dual Core (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - Advanced Micro Devices is making a push to beat Intel in the development of dual core microprocessors based on x86 chips. \On Tuesday, AMD (NYSE: AMD) unveiled a prototype dual-core Opteron processor running in a Hewlett-Packard ProLiant server.
Apple offers iTunes Affiliate Program (MacCentral) MacCentral - Apple on Wednesday introduced the iTunes Affiliate Program. The\program pays 5 percent commissions to affiliate Web sites by offering direct\links to a any song, album or artist on iTunes. Sites who are accepted as\affiliates can download Apple-made marketing materials and are eligible to\apply to the Apple Store Affiliate program as well. And applicants who sign\up through September 15, 2004 are also eligible to win one of five iPod\minis.
China Showcases Space Program (AP) AP - Rising space power China provided a rare peek into its top-secret launch center Wednesday, capitalizing on its recent success in orbit to promote the military-funded project as a lure for foreign investment and a key to growing prosperity.
Kerry Challenges Bush on Terror Policies (AP) AP - In a sharply worded challenge to President Bush, Democratic Sen. John Kerry said Wednesday "extremism has gained momentum" as a result of administration missteps in Iraq, but said the war on terror is a winnable one with the right policies.
Rove: Kerry Tarnished Vietnam Veterans (AP) AP - President Bush's chief strategist said Wednesday that Democratic Sen. John Kerry tarnished "the records and service" of fellow Vietnam veterans with his anti-war protests, and compared the U.S. war on terrorism to the decades-old conflict in Northern Ireland.
Hewitt Makes Impressive Start at U.S. Open  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Lleyton Hewitt hit the ground running  after a two-day wait to start his U.S. Open campaign on  Wednesday, racing past experienced South African Wayne Ferreira  6-1, 7-5, 6-4.
AIDS Activists Disrupt Convention Event (AP) AP - AIDS demonstrators disrupted a Republican youth gathering on the floor of the party convention Wednesday, shortly after President Bush's twin daughters left the stage.
Oil Hits \$44 as U.S. Crude Stocks Slide  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Oil prices soared to \$44 a barrel on  Wednesday, ending an eight-day streak of losses as a U.S.  government report showed crude oil stocks falling to the lowest  level in five months.
One Small Step as China Opens Space Center (Reuters) Reuters - China\offered a rare glimpse of its manned space flight center\Wednesday, drawing back -- if only slightly -- the veil of\secrecy around China's ambitions in outer space.
GM, Ford Cut Production; U.S. Sales Fall  DETROIT (Reuters) - General Motors Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=GM.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;GM.N&lt;/A&gt; and Ford  Motor Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=F.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;F.N&lt;/A&gt; posted weaker U.S. sales for August on  Wednesday and both cut planned fourth-quarter production as  their aging vehicle lineups lost ground to rival Chrysler and  some foreign brands.
Dwindling Atlantic Salmon Still King on Canada River (Reuters) Reuters - Atlantic salmon\once teemed up the rivers of eastern Canada in staggering\numbers to spawn in an annual ritual that put the biological\richness of the region on full display.
New Class of Planets Found Around Two Other Stars (Reuters) Reuters - A new class of planets has been\found orbiting stars besides our sun, in a possible giant leap\forward in the search for Earth-like planets that might harbor\life, scientists said on Tuesday.
Comet Research Pioneer Fred Whipple Dies (Reuters) Reuters - Fred Whipple, an astronomer who\originated the idea that comets were comprised of ice and\mineral dust, has died at the age of 97.
"Mystery Cloud" Appears Over Eastern U.S. And Canada (SPACE.com) SPACE.com - lives in the eastern part of the United \States or Canada and gazing skyward on Tuesday evening may have noticed \something strange in their west-northwest sky.
US Treasuries Resilient to Profit-Taking  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Treasury debt prices recouped early  losses to turn flat on Wednesday as bullish momentum fought  profit-taking after three straight sessions of gains.
Virtual Humans Proposed As Space Travelers (SPACE.com) SPACE.com - TELLURIDE, COLORADO -- Better make room for an extra crewmember aboard any spaceship heading outward. This person wont require food, oxygen or water, nor even need to buckle up for safety. The tag-along traveler could, however, be a lifesaver in terms of getting the expedition to and from a celestial destination.
Stocks Wobble on DC Sickness Report  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks wobbled lower on Wednesday  as reports that several people had been sickened in an office  in Washington raised terrorism fears, upsetting the market, and  oil prices jumped.
Israel Helicopter Fires Missiles at Gaza Refugee Camp  GAZA, Gaza Strip (Reuters) - An Israeli helicopter fired  three missiles at an unknown target in a Gaza refugee camp  Wednesday, Palestinian witnesses said, one day after militants  killed 16 Israelis in bus bombings in southern Israel.
CEOs See More Hiring, Capital Spending  NEW YORK (Reuters) - A quarterly survey of U.S. chief  executives showed they plan to increase hiring and capital  spending, despite recent soft economic data, concerns about  sluggish job growth and high energy prices.
Armed Group Seizes Russian School, Talks Start  MOSCOW (Reuters) - A heavily armed gang seized up to 400  hostages at a Russian school near Chechnya Wednesday and  threatened to shoot dead 50 children for any one of their  comrades killed, a senior local official said.
France to Cut Debt with Telecom Sale  PARIS/LONDON (Reuters) - France will sell up to 12.1  percent of France Telecom in Europe's largest share placement  in four years, bringing as much as 5.75 billion euros (\$6.95  billion) into state coffers as it strives to cut national debt.
Hollinger Accuses Black of  #39;Ethical Corruption #39; Lord Conrad Black ran a  quot;corporate kleptocracy quot; for his own benefit at Hollinger International, the owner of the Telegraph papers in London and The Chicago Sun-Times, and the board of directors 
MGI Pharma-SuperGen in Cancer-Drug Deal  NEW YORK (Reuters) - MGI Pharma Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MOGN.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;MOGN.O&lt;/A&gt; will spend up  to \$85 million for a stake in SuperGen Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=SUPG.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;SUPG.O&lt;/A&gt; and global  rights to develop and sell SuperGen's experimental drug for an  often-fatal cancer of the bone marrow, the companies said on  Wednesday.
Els Haunted by Major Failures  CRANS-SUR-SIERRE, Switzerland (Reuters) - World number  three Ernie Els says he feels a failure after narrowly missing  out on three of the year's four major championships.
Pakistan Arrests 'Important' Al Qaeda Pair  ISLAMABAD (Reuters) - Pakistani security forces have  arrested two "important" al Qaeda operatives, including an  Egyptian and a Saudi national, officials said Wednesday.
U.N. Calls for African Peacekeepers in Darfur  UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - The United Nations called on  Wednesday for a quick and "substantially" larger international  monitoring force in Sudan's Darfur region, saying Khartoum had  failed to stop attacks against civilians by Arab militia.
Arise Sir Mark  mum pays FORMER prime minister and doting mother Margaret Thatcher yesterday agreed to bail her son, Sir Mark Thatcher, out of house arrest in Cape Town.
Manufacturing Activity Up for 15th Month Manufacturing activity rose in August for the 15th consecutive month, but at a slower rate than reported in July, according to a monthly report released Wednesday by the Institute for Supply Management, a research group.
Construction Spending Hits All-Time High Construction spending sprang back to life in July, rising to the highest level on record, the government reported Wednesday.
Iraq's Chalabi Escapes Assassination, Arrest  BAGHDAD, Iraq (Reuters) - Ahmad Chalabi has survived again.  Just after escaping an attempt to kill him Wednesday, he said  an Iraqi court had dropped charges that could have put him in  jail.
CEOs See More Hiring, Capital Spending A quarterly survey of U.S. chief\executives showed they plan to increase hiring and capital\spending, despite recent soft economic data, concerns about\sluggish job growth and high energy prices.
Russian pupils held in armed siege An armed gang is holding at least 200 hostages,  many of them children, at a  school in south Russia.
Davis tops US qualifying England #39;s Brian Davis took top spot in the qualifying tournament at PGA West in California, where the leading 30 and ties made it onto the American tour.
Upcoming slate offers opportunity This would be a good time for the Pistons to build a winning record as they try to regain their championship form. In the next eight days, they play four teams with losing or .500 records.
US to throw out terror verdicts The justice department is set to overturn the convictions of three men after it emerged mistakes were made in the case.
Monza Testing, Day 1, 01/09/04 Jarno and Fernando in action for the team on the first day of testing at Monza ahead of the Italian Grand Prix.
New Chechen president confirmed Alu Alkhanov has been officially named the new president of Chechnya, and is due to take office in a month.
Guidant wins new trial in St. Jude Medical suit DENVER Indianapolis-based Guidant Corporation says it has won the right to a new trial in its lawsuit seeking up to 140 (m) million dollars in damages from another maker of implantable defibrillators.
US Economy: Manufacturing Expands at Slower Pace (Update2) US manufacturing expanded at a slower pace in August as fewer companies reported an increase in orders and production. Construction spending rose to a record in July, private and government reports showed.
Carrefour posts 5.3 per cent profit rise, maintains 2004 goals Carrefour, the world #39;s No. 2 food retailer said Wednesday that its profit increased 5.3 per cent in the first half of the year, as robust international operations and lower finance costs helped 
Veritas Acquires KVS, Gains E-Mail Archiving Capabilities Veritas gets KVS #39;s Enterprise Vault, an app that archives business-critical data held within Microsoft Exchange, SharePoint, Office, and file systems.
Fallon denies race fixing scam Champion jockey Kieren Fallon has denied any wrongdoing after being arrested over allegations of involvement in a massive race fixing scam.
Hantuchova Upsets No. 17 Molik NEW YORK -- Daniela Hantuchova took another step back up the tennis rankings ladder Wednesday, defeating No. 17 Alicia Molik 6-4, 6-3 at the US Open.
MAJOR LEAGUE BASEBALL: 22-0w  #39;There #39;s a certain element of embarrassment, no question, #39; manager Joe Torre says as his Yankees suffer their worst loss ever.
Russia in shock as hostage drama follows suicide blast MOSCOW, Russia -- Russia was in shock Wednesday as an armed group took more than 200 people hostage at a school near Chechnya just hours after a suicide bomber killed 11 people and injured dozens outside a busy Moscow subway station.
Ford Cuts Production While Chrysler's Sales Rise Ford Motor posted weaker U.S. vehicle sales for August today and cut its fourth-quarter production. Chrysler posted a fifth straight month of stronger results.
French govt to sell up to 12 in France Tele PARIS / LONDON: France said on Wednesday it will sell up to 12.1 of France Telecom to raise 5.8 billion (\$6.9bn) and help cut national debt in Europes largest placing in four years.
Manufacturing Activity Rises Again, but at Slower Pace Manufacturing activity rose in August for the 15th consecutive month, according to a monthly report released today.
Chief Executives Plan to Increase Hiring and Capital Spending A quarterly survey of U.S. chief executives painted the most positive economic picture since it was launched in November 2002.
Stocks Are Mixed as Oil Prices Rise Stocks were trading mixed today following a lower reading on manufacturing activity and a spike in oil prices
France to Lower Debt With Telecom Sale France will sell up to 12.1 percent of France Telecom in Europe's largest share placement in four years, bringing as much as \$6.95 billion into state coffers.
Irish eyes look to Louisville Notre Dame #39;s search for a football coach appears to have turned from Utah eastward toward Kentucky, where sources familiar with the process said the Irish 
Bryant's Attorneys Ask for Dismissal Attorneys for NBA star Kobe Bryant have asked the judge to dismiss the sexual assault charge against him with opening statements less than a week away, a court official said Wednesday.
Berkshire Hathaway "It's not a sin to be a trader in whole or part; it's just much easier to be an investor."
United Natural's Healthy Again? The leading distributor of natural and organic foods beats revised expectations.
France Asks Arabs to Help Free Kidnapped Journalists in Iraq The French government's appeal set in motion a swell of solidarity unseen in previous hostage dramas in Iraq.
No Time Like Prime Time Here's where the Baltimore Ravens are missing the bus: They've got Deion Sanders and they've scheduled his news conference for early in the afternoon. Put it in Prime Time!
Don't Overpay for Your Mortgage Bye-bye, PMI. So long, souped-up interest. Time to streamline your mortgage budget.
AIDS Activists Disrupt Convention Event NEW YORK - AIDS demonstrators disrupted a Republican youth gathering on the floor of the party convention Wednesday, shortly after President Bush's twin daughters left the stage.    The incident occurred after Jenna and Barbara Bush introduced White House chief of staff Andrew Card...
Stocks Are Mixed on Surging Oil Prices NEW YORK - Stocks were mixed Wednesday as a lower reading on manufacturing activity and rising oil prices chilled an early spate of bargain hunting. Technology shares inched higher despite brokerage downgrades of two semiconductor companies    With trading light, the markets were slow to react to the August reading of the Institute of Supply Management's manufacturing index, which declined to 59.0 in August, lower than the 59.8 percent expected on Wall Street...
Kidnappers in Iraq Free Seven Truckers BAGHDAD, Iraq - Militants in Iraq freed seven foreign truck drivers Wednesday after holding them six weeks, while Muslims united behind calls for the release of two French reporters captured by a separate group demanding that France revoke a ban on Muslim head scarves in schools.    Also Wednesday, gunmen shot at a convoy carrying former Iraqi Governing Council member Ahmad Chalabi as he returned from Najaf to attend the first meeting of Iraq's 100-member National Council, which is to act as a watchdog over the interim government and help shepherd the nation to elections...
Kerry Challenges Bush on Terror Policies NASHVILLE, Tenn. - In a sharply worded challenge to President Bush, Democratic Sen...
China Reports Births of Two Giant Pandas BEIJING - For pandas, it's practically a baby boom. Two giant pandas were born this week, and mothers and cubs were doing fine, the official Xinhua News Agency reported Wednesday...
Hundreds Held in Russian School; 8 Killed BELSAN, Russia - More than a dozen militants wearing suicide-bomb belts seized a southern Russian school in a region bordering Chechnya on Wednesday, taking hostage about 400 people - half of them children - and threatening to blow up the building if police storm it. As many as eight people have been reported killed, one of them a school parent...
Moore Not Bothered by GOP Jeers NEW YORK - Filmmaker Michael Moore isn't bothered at all by the jeers he received from Republicans at the convention when his anti-Bush film "Fahrenheit 9/11" was mentioned by Arizona Sen. John McCain...
Israel Blames Syria for Suicide Bombings JERUSALEM - Israel holds Syria responsible for a double suicide bombing that killed 16 people because it allows the group that staged the attack to operate there, a senior Israeli official said Wednesday in a warning that implied possible retaliation.    The militant Islamic group Hamas claimed the attack Tuesday in the desert city of Beersheba, when two bombers from the West Bank city of Hebron blew themselves up seconds apart in two buses...
Hurricane Frances Inches Toward SE U.S. MIAMI - A menacing Hurricane Frances crept closer to the southeastern United States on Wednesday, with forecasters calling Florida - still cleaning up after Charley - a "prime candidate" to be hit as early as Friday. It would be the worst double hurricane strike on one state in at least a century...
Stocks Climb Despite Rising Oil Prices NEW YORK - Stocks edged higher Wednesday despite a lower reading on manufacturing activity and a spike in oil prices. Technology shares were unaffected by brokerage downgrades of two semiconductor companies...
BT may face anti-competition fine BT may be fined if found to have broken competition rules, Ofcom says, but BT says it has been cleared.
Verizon Starts Selling World Phone to Consumers  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Verizon Wireless said on Wednesday its  stores have begun selling a phone from Samsung Electronics  &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=005930.KS qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;005930.KS&lt;/A&gt; that was designed to work on mobile networks around  the world.
Hot or Cold? General Motors No. 1 automaker has outpaced its domestic rivals, but will GM stock keep spinning its wheels? By Chris Isidore, CNN/Money senior writer.
Shoppers deal with mixed signals Economy: With consumer confidence down and spending up, shoppers wrestle with  #39;stop-and-go #39; mixed signals. By Andrea K. Walker.
UPDATE 2-Guidant says it wins appeal in patent case Medical device maker Guidant Corp. (GDT.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Wednesday said it won an appeal of a patent lawsuit against St.
Lawmakers Denounce Bank of America Layoffs Description: Legislators from Massachusetts accuse top executives at Bank of America of breaking their word and improperly laying off hundreds of employees in the state and surrounding region.
LNG plant proposed TransCanada Corp. and Petro-Canada will spend \$660-million to build a liquefied natural gas plant on an island in Quebec, the two Calgary-based companies said Thursday.
Omnicare makes another play for NeighborCare Covington-based Omnicare said Wednesday that it has extended its tender offer (a takeover bid publicly inviting shareholders to sell their stock) for all outstanding shares of NeighborCare through Sept.
Two New Neptune-Sized Planets Discovered or about the size of the planet Neptune, say astronomers from the University of Texas and two other institutions.
EBay increases stake in South Korea #39;s Internet Auction SAN FRANCISCO : EBay announced late it has agreed to buy three million shares of South Korea #39;s Internet Auction for 325 million dollars in cash.
Game Boy Advance SP Price Drop! In a press release today, Nintendo of America announced that the Game Boy Advance SP will drop in price tomorrow. Currently priced at \$99.
Hitachi Drives Consumer Storage Hitachi Global Storage Technologies is launching a new line of 1.8-inch Travelstar C4K60 hard drives. The new drives will feature high-density 30GB platters and ZIF (zero insertion force) connectors for use 
Special X-rays unmask mummy #39;s face, virtually Washington - The face of a man who died and was mummified in Egypt 3 000 years ago has been modelled, using special CAT scans and without unwrapping his bandages, Italian researchers said on Wednesday.
Neon Deion  #39;Excited, Can #39;t Wait #39; To Play OWINGS MILLS, Md. -- After signing a one-year contract Tuesday with the Baltimore Ravens, seven-time Pro Bowl cornerback Deion Sanders said he #39;s ready to play.
France Telecom unions call for strike to protest privatization &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; PARIS : French trade unions called on workers at France Telecom to stage a 24-hour strike September 7 to protest government plans to privatize the public telecommunications operator, union sources said.
Bloggers Blanket Republican Convention While the GOP doled out credentials for about 15 bloggers to officially cover its convention in New York, it seems every Tom, Dick and Jane is writing from the convention floor, the streets of New York or home computers in basements across America.&lt;BR&gt;&lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-washingtonpost.com&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Personal Tech: HDTV Mark Cuban, co-founder and president of HDNet, discusses the world of digital television.
EBay To Acquire South Korean Auction Firm EBay Inc., which has been aggressively expanding in Asia, plans to increase its stake in South Korea's largest online auction company.
'Astro Boy' Makes Video Game Debut Tetsum Atom is a butt-kicking, pint-sized hero that wants nothing more than peace between humans and robots. More than a half-century after debuting in Japanese comic books, "Astro Boy" - as he's known outside of Japan - is starring in two new video games from Sega of America Inc.
Alien probe 'best way to find ET' We should be using probes to look for life in space instead of radio signals, say scientists.
UBS Aquires Schwab Capital Markets Business The research operation will be shuttered, sources close to the company said, since UBS already has coverage in the areas where Schwab #39;s Soundview is strong.
UPDATE 3-Boston Scientific regains market share, stock up Boston Scientific Corp. (BSX.N: Quote, Profile, Research) said on Wednesday it already recovered market share for its popular heart device after a recent recall 
Energy giants pair to pursue liquefied gas plant Two of Canada #39;s biggest energy companies, TransCanada Corp. and Petro-Canada Inc., want to build a \$660 million liquefied natural gas plant in northeastern Quebec to meet North Americans #39; insatiable demand for the fuel.
Acclaim shutters offices, staffers ushered off premises Glen Cove staff laid off on Friday, Texas staff locked out of their offices; games library in jeopardy. According to numerous sources, including some former Acclaim staffers, Acclaim Entertainment #39;s home office 
WOODWARD:  #39;I #39;M STILL IN CHARGE #39; Mystery surrounded Sir Clive Woodward #39;s future as England coach tonight after he left Twickenham following a four-hour meeting with senior Rugby Football Union figures.
Birding Column: Enigma of the Band-Tailed Pigeon Once hunted by the thousands, the band-tailed pigeon is in decline. Mathew Tekulsky writes of the joy of seeing five or six of these big birds on his backyard feeder.
Grass Grows 13-Foot Roots of "Steel" Vetiver, a grass native to India that grows 13-foot (4-meter) roots, is increasingly used as a low-cost tool to solve problems from soil erosion to pollution.
Neptune-Class Extrasolar Worlds Found While striving to find ever smaller, more rocky worlds, planet hunters have moved from discovering not just Jupiter-class planets outside our solar system. Now astronomers have found two new Neptune-class planets on their road to pinpointing a new Earth-like system.
Searching for Scarce Life with Interplanetary Rovers Chile's Atacama Desert is the driest place on Earth. So dry that, in some regions, not even bacteria can survive. That makes it a perfect place to test out Zo, a prototype rover designed to detect life's faintest traces.
Briefly: Verizon opens global phone to consumers roundup Plus: IBM, Honda team on voice-driven car navigation...Linux seller completes name change...SAP names new VP...Amazon opens floor to political pundits.
Apple: Open-source pedigree will protect Tiger The Mac OS X update will be spared the security woes that have hit Microsoft because it's based on Unix, executives say.
Linux seller completes name change The Linux specialist formerly known as Lindows announces that it has completed its name change to Linspire.
SAP names new VP Software maker names Tom Byrne as its national vice president for state and local sales, marketing, and partnership initiatives.
Acer reshuffles execs amid growth The appointment of an Italian executive to Acer's presidency is a symbol of the Taiwanese firm's increasingly global view.
Nanotubes race toward bike parts Easton Sports plans to produce bicycle components made out of carbon nanotubes, a step forward for the tiny technology.
Sun dangles discounts for Microsoft techs Microsoft technology specialists can get up to 35 percent off Windows-certified Opteron servers and workstations.
Another Bagle variant tries to spread New version turns off security, attempts to download malicious programs from Net--but it's not likely to get far.
MessageLabs, Symantec team on antispam service Symantec technology will help MessageLabs offer better e-mail filtering, the companies say.
Time Warner broadband suit advances Appeals court breathes new life into challenge of city law requiring homes, offices connect to municipal network.
Study: Half of U.S. hotel rooms have broadband Broadband growth doubles in hotels, as chains try to tap into demand for speedy Internet access.
Adelphia to sell AT T Net phone service The move follows a string of similar deals between Ma Bell and cable operators, as it looks to aggressively market VoIP.
Game publisher Acclaim on verge of bankruptcy? Insiders says the company will file for Chapter 7 protection after laying off hundreds.
Grid computing applied to IT automation Year-old start-up Cassatt has launched a new service for automating IT operations using grid technology. Cassatt will aid the management and aggregation of a large number of machines 
Apple builds on its core Source code is source of strength in forthcoming Tiger operating system, company says. Also: Commissions for iTunes sales, and iPods on the open road.
IBM, Honda team on voice-driven car navigation Companies, along with Zagat Survey, to offer oral directions based on voice commands to U.S. addresses, restaurants.
Nintendo trims Game Boy Advance price Lowering sticker on handheld game player to \$80 is early move in expected battle for portable gaming market.
Microsoft Pads 64-bit Support in SQL Server Microsoft (Quote, Chart) has released its second Community Technology Preview (CTP) for SQL Server 2005, adding greater performance and 64-bit support for SQL Server 2005 Analysis Services and SQL Server 2005 Integration Services.
Dell unveils hat trick of products The PC maker is gearing up for the fall with new printers, TVs and a spiced-up desktop.
BMW puts iPod in driver's seat You won't even have to take your hands off the steering wheel to use Apple's music player.
IBM revamps ISV partnerships IBM Corp has revamped its partnership arrangements with independent software vendors (ISVs) into a unified approach called PartnerWorld.
Whiz kids earn \$100,000 prize DURHAM -- Two NC School of Science and Mathematics seniors won \$100,000 in scholarships Monday after earning top team honors in a national science competition.
Trend Micro Extends Anti-Virus Software to Mobile Market Trend Micro announced today that they are extending their anti-virus product line into the mobile and portable space with the launch of Trend Micro Mobile Security.
AMD demos first dual-core processor Advanced Micro Devices demonstrated its first dual-core microprocessors today using an HP ProLiant DL585 server running four dual-core Opteron chips.
Sun gets Microsoft-friendly with promotion Sun Microsystems Inc. has found one more way to cozy up to users of Microsoft Corp. products without actually shipping the Windows operating system on its computers.
Iomega REVs backup and recovery Iomega this week unveiled a SCSI version of its REV drive aimed at server backup and disaster recovery applications.
Kerberos critical hole allows system access The Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) has warned of security vulnerabilities in its implementation of Kerberos that could allow attackers free access to protected systems. Users of MIT Kerberos 5 are urged to apply patches immediately.
Hitachi Drives Consumer Storage New 1.8-inch hard drives may boost battery life in portable devices.
Woodward Can Make Switch - Hogg Scotland back row forward Allister Hogg sees no reason why England coach Sir Clive Woodward cannot make the switch from rugby to football.
Motion to Dismiss Kobe Bryant #39;s defense team has asked the judge presiding over his rape trial to dismiss the sexual assault charge, even as prospective jurors are being questioned, ABC News has learned.
Mountaineers prepared to lead the new-look Big East The Mountaineers open the season in The Associated Press top 10 for the first time in school history. There are great expectations in Morgantown these days.
Russia in shock as school hostage drama looms Iran condemns Moscow &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; MOSCOW, Russia (Agencies) -- Seven people were killed as armed attackers stormed a school in southern Russia and took at least 100 people hostage on Wednesday, Russian media reported.
Talks to end fighting in Baghdad stall on disagreement over &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Talks to end bitter fighting between US forces and Shiite militants in the Baghdad slum of Sadr City have stalled, with the government refusing 
EBay Acquiring South Korean Auction Affiliate EBay Acquiring South Korean Auction Affiliate\\EBay Inc., according to news wire reports, has offered a price near \$530 million to purchase the remainder of eBay South Korean affiliate - Internet Auction Co. Ltd. The move is seen as an expansion of the eBay strategy to push deeper into Asia. EBay ...
Behavioral Targeting and Contextual Advertising Behavioral Targeting and Contextual Advertising\\Is online advertising undergoing a "rebirth"? Some might argue it is, first spurred on by paid search advertising then by contextual and adware placements. Now there is another "new" game in town, if the buzz-o-meter is any indication. While not altogether new, behavioral advertising is getting ...
How to Research Keywords for Search Engine Marketing How to Research Keywords for Search Engine Marketing\\The core element of any type of marketing utilizing the search engines is the keyword. Why is it so important? In terms of general marketing principles keyword search is equivalent to targeting a niche. It can help you focus your advertisements on certain ...
News: Appeals court slams garage door DMCA claim In refusing to outlaw a universal garage door opener, judges rule that a device has to facilitate copyright infringement to fall under the ambit of the DMCA.  \
News: New Bagle worm drops in and downloads A new Bagle dropper and downloader, Bagle-AQ, was bulk mailed to numerous internet users yesterday.
News: PDA security still dismal Worker apathy about PDA security is putting corporate data in jeopardy. The storage of the names and addresses of corporate customers on PDAs is now common - but security practices are struggling to keep up with technology usage.\
iTunes Affiliate Program iTunes is the first download music store to offer direct links to a la carte singles and albums that generate paid commissions to affiliate websites. The iTunes Affiliate Program will complement successful iTunes programs including iTunes on Campus, offering free site licenses to colleges and universities, and the iTunes Volume Discount Program, providing bulk song downloads at a discount. Sep 1
Chief of Advanced Micro Targets Market Share Gains Hector Ruiz, the chief executive of Advanced Micro Devices, today laid out a plan to break what he called the monopolistic grip on the microprocessor industry by Intel.
Chargers Quarterback Situation Unsettled (AP) AP - While most teams will rest their starting quarterback as much as possible in the final exhibition game this week, the San Diego Chargers are still trying to figure out who theirs is.
Angels Activate Andres Galarraga (AP) AP - The Big Cat is back in the big leagues. The Anaheim Angels purchased the contract of 43-year-old Andres Galarraga from Triple-A Salt Lake of the Pacific Coast League on Wednesday. They had signed him to a minor league contract Aug. 4.
Florida readies for hurricane Frances, ordering large-scale evacutions (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - MIAMI (AP) - Hundreds of thousands of people were told Wednesday to get ready to evacuate as powerful hurricane Frances crept closer to Florida just weeks after hurricane Charley's rampage.
Utah Enjoying New Atmosphere and Ranking (AP) AP - Utah opens the season with a chance to show it belongs in the Top 25. With a No. 20 ranking in their first ever preseason poll appearance, the Utes play host to Texas A amp;M on Thursday. A win solidifies their status as an emerging program; a loss relegates them to just another mediocre team from the West.
Samsung, Philips Partner for Cell-Phone Payments (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - Samsung Electronics and \Philips Electronics (NYSE: PHG) have formed an alliance to put near-field communication (NFC) technology in future \cell phone models from Samsung, giving users the ability to use their \mobile phones to make credit-card or debit-card payments. The companies said that Samsung plans to incorporate NFC in other devices as well.
Kobe Bryant's Defense Wants Rape Charge Dismissed  EAGLE, Colo. (Reuters) - Attorneys for basketball star Kobe  Bryant asked a judge to dismiss a rape charge against their  client, arguing prosecutors did not disclose that one of their  expert witnesses had information that could help Bryant.
Oil Hits \$44 as U.S. Crude Stocks Slide  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Oil prices soared to \$44 a barrel on  Wednesday, ending a streak of heavy losses, as a U.S.  government report showed crude oil stocks falling to the lowest  level in five months.
With Hurricane Approaching, Florida Calls for Evacuations About 300,000 residents in coastal areas of Palm Beach County were told to evacuate starting 2 p.m. Thursday.
Monsanto unveils VISTIVE soybeans A new, conventionally bred low-linolenic soybean that will reduce or eliminate trans fatty acids in processed soybean oil is ready to roll, Monsanto announced at a press conference this morning at the Farm Progress Show in Alleman, Iowa.
Sports: Date set for Bertuzzi #39;s trial VANCOUVER, British Columbia Todd Bertuzzi (bur-TOO #39;-zee) of the Vancouver Canucks goes on trial January 17th on an assault charge.
IAEA report positive step: Iran TEHRAN (AFP) -- Iran said the UN nuclear watchdog #39;s report Wednesday on Tehran #39;s atomic energy program was a positive step toward clearing up the country #39;s file and demonstrating the peaceful character of the program.
Talks Resume In Bid For N. Ireland Gov #39;t Ten years after the Irish Republican Army #39;s momentous cease-fire, negotiations resumed Wednesday in hope of reviving a Catholic-Protestant administration 
Senior Sadr aide assassinated in Iraq BAGHDAD (AFP) -- A senior aide to radical Iraqi Shiite cleric Moqtada Sadr was assassinated on the road between the holy city of Najaf and Baghdad, an official from the movement said Wednesday.
GOP platform: Broadband and R D tax credits Widely available broadband, electronic health records and increased government spending on research and development (R D) are among the technology-related goals in the U.S. Republican Party's 2004 platform, released this week.
Ballmer bullish on future, bearish on Linux BOSTON -- MicrosoftChief Executive Officer Steve Ballmer addressed a gathering of software industry leaders here on Wednesday, touting his company's vision for a bright future, while casting doubt on alternatives to his company's Windows operating system, in particular Linux.
General Motors, Ford Say Aug. US Auto Sales Fell (Update5) Automakers including General Motors Corp. said US sales fell in August as gasoline prices near records hurt demand. General Motors and Ford Motor Co.
Airbus snags Asian order The Boeing Co. #39;s major rival, Airbus, announced Wednesday it has received an order from Cebu Air Inc., the Philippines #39; second-largest airline, for 12 new A319 jets.
Monsanto launches new  quot;heart-healthy quot; soybean seed Monsanto Company said it has begun marketing a new low-linolenic soybean crop that, once processed, will yield an enhanced oil that is low in trans fats.
SCO #39;s Finances Reverse As Legal Fees Mount SCO Group has a plan to keep itself fit enough to continue its legal battles against Linux and to develop its Unix-on-Intel operating systems.
Yahoo! awards world #39;s best cybercafes London, September 1: A San Francisco laundromat may be the one of the world #39;s most unusual places to surf the Internet but a sleek club on Moscow #39;s Red Square is definitely the sleekest, according to a Yahoo!
Special X-Rays Unmask Mummy #39;s Face, Virtually The face of a man who died and was mummified in Egypt 3,000 years ago has been modeled, using special CAT scans and without unwrapping his bandages, Italian researchers said on Wednesday.
Ballmer Beats Security Drum BOSTON -- Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer believes the software industry will create more positive change in the next 10 years than it did in the previous 10 -- provided that security threats are effectively handled.
Caller ID Spoofing Service Debuts Star38 #39;s service disguises who is making the call but will only be sold to collection agencies, private investigators, and law-enforcement personnel.
IAEA Has Questions about Iran #39;s Nuclear Program The International Atomic Energy Agency says there are many open questions on the nature and aims of Iran #39;s nuclear program, which could soon include uranium conversion suitable for the building of atomic bombs.
One killed in Nepal violence KATHMANDU: Angry protesters burnt tyres in Kathmandu and forcibly shut down schools and shops on Wednesday, following the killing of 12 Nepalis by their abductors in Iraq.
La. Lawmaker Wants Opponent Off Ballot (AP) AP - The Louisiana Supreme Court was asked Wednesday to knock a congressman off the Nov. 2 ballot for switching at the last minute to the Republican Party.
Dow Down on Oil Prices; Nasdaq Rises NEW YORK - Stocks were mixed Wednesday as a lower reading on manufacturing activity and rising oil prices chilled an early spate of bargain hunting, sending blue chips lower. Technology shares made a modest advance despite brokerage downgrades of two semiconductor companies...
Israel Warns Syria on Deadly Bus Blasts JERUSALEM - Israeli leaders warned Syria on Wednesday that it bears the blame for a double suicide bombing by Hamas militants because it harbors the group's leadership, and they hinted at possible retaliation.    In a first response to Tuesday's attack that killed 16 people in a southern Israeli city, Israeli troops blew up the home of one of the bombers and isolated the West Bank city of Hebron, where the attackers lived...
Ballmer bullish on future, bearish on Linux Microsoft Chief Executive Officer Steve Ballmer addressed a gathering of software industry leaders here on Wednesday, touting his company #39;s vision for a bright future 
Spreading Spam LOS ANGELES - This June a barrage of spam popped up in 152,000 in-boxes. They pitched the standard stuff: One was an advertisement for the  quot;Top Drug Store Online, quot; another offered mortgage refinancing, another 
BMC update aims to nip downtime in the bud Batch scheduler revamp promises to fend off application failures and boosts BMC's service management push.
City of brotherly love may embrace Wi-Fi Philadelphia may spread the joy of wireless Internet access to its citizens.
Blue Chips End Lower After Oil Rises US blue chips ended slightly lower on Wednesday after crude oil climbed above \$44 a barrel, renewing fears that high energy costs would cut into corporate profits.
A Pall Falls Over Forest Sometimes bad things happen to good companies. Consider drug maker Forest Laboratories (NYSE: FRX). The company is debt-free, cash-rich, and pumping out free cash flow at \$700 million a year.
Nokia Ships One Million N-Gage Game Decks Nokia (NYSE: NOK) announced that it has shipped its one millionth game deck globally since the sales of the N-Gage platform started eleven months ago.
HEWITT BRINGS ON FERREIRA FAREWELL Lleyton Hewitt made it a sad US Open farewell for Wayne Ferreira with a clinical straight-sets victory. The No4 seed breezed into the second round after a 6-1, 7-5, 6-4 triumph.
Can El Duque stop the bleeding? Once comfortable leaders in the AL East, the New York Yankees suddenly find themselves in a potentially disastrous tailspin. Theyll ask unbeaten Orlando Hernandez to help them recover from the worst loss 
PGA should toughen requirements for keeping Tour cards Frank Beard played on the PGA Tour for 20 years and was the leading money winner and Player of the Year in 1969. He will answer your questions every Tuesday on SI.
ESPN.com news services PORTLAND, Ore. -- The Portland Trail Blazers have committed to forward Darius Miles, a long-term move that creates questions about Shareef Abdur-Rahim #39;s role with the team.
Agent: Nothing to Alonzo #39;s return His agent says there #39;s nothing to reports that Alonzo Mourning plans another comeback, the New Jersey Nets say they wouldn #39;t be surprised if he tried and the man himself isn #39;t saying anything.
French FM in Amman after Qatar talks, heartened by calls for &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; AMMAN : French Foreign Minister Michel Barnier arrived in Amman for the second time in 24 hours after a visit to Doha, where he said he hoped the captors of two French newsmen in Iraq would heed widespread calls to free the pair, a diplomatic source said.
'Prime Time' Wants Third Super Bowl Ring (AP) AP - Deion Sanders insists he didn't come out of retirement for money, accolades or to prove he's still got a wealth of talent at age 37.
Edwards Promises to Spread U.S. Wealth (AP) AP - Democratic vice presidential candidate John Edwards on Wednesday accused the Bush administration of leading the nation from "the edge of greatness to the edge of the cliff."
Israel Threatens Syria After Hamas Bombings  JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israel threatened Syria Wednesday  over what officials said was complicity in Palestinian suicide  bombings that killed 16 people in the first such attacks in the  Jewish state in nearly six months.
New Planets could advance search for Life Astronomers in Europe and the United States have found two new planets about 20 times the size of Earth beyond the solar system. The discovery might be a giant leap forward in 
Behind the music: Microsoft? Microsoft is set to unveil the latest version of its media playback software on Thursday, giving its partners powerful new tools for selling digital entertainment services even as it launches its own music download store.
Apple #39;s iMac is no longer flagship product The last time Apple Computer Inc. introduced an all-new iMac computer, back in January 2002, Apple Chief Executive Steve Jobs was featured smiling with the desktop on the cover of Time magazine.
eBay grabs the lot in Korea EBay, the online marketplace, yesterday continued its push across the globe with a \$530m (296m) offer to take full control of its South Korean affiliate, Internet Auction Co.
Write home, ET, don #39;t phone ET shouldn #39;t phone home: the message would never get there. He should post a letter instead, say computer experts. They report in Nature magazine that radio messages would literally be a waste of energy.
IBM to Share Technology and Designs for New Computer BM plans to announce today that it will share the designs and technology for a fast-growing line of computers known as blade servers.
Culture Plays a Role in Dyslexia A new study reveals that cultural factors influence how dyslexia manifests itself by finding that the disorder affects the brains of Chinese and English speakers differently.
Oracle delivers delayed patches Database software maker Oracle pushed out a host of long-awaited patches after struggling to organize its software fixes into a monthly release schedule.
Linux Doesn #39;t Make Sense for Desktops Longhorn #39;s woes may open a door for Linuxa very tiny doorbut Linux just isn #39;ta good choice for desktops. Instead, desktop Linux proponents should wake up and switch to the Mac OS.
TIMES NEWS TRACKER ike most bill collectors, Marvin Smith is always seeking ways to get chronic debtors to pay up. When he calls the first time, he typically hears excuses and requests for more time.
Owls Use Dung to  quot;Fish quot; for Beetles Levey, who is the lead author of the study, added that the finding is particularly noteworthy because it demonstrates that tool use can substantially benefit a wild animal.
Update 4: Philly Considers Wireless Internet for All Forget finding an Internet cafe. For less than what it costs to build a small library, city officials believe they can turn all 135 square miles of Philadelphia into the world #39;s largest wireless Internet hot spot.
Plastic magnet breaks the mold The world #39;s first practical plastic magnet has been created at the University of Durham, according to a report in New Scientist magazine.
Hewitt back in top form Lleyton Hewitt finished as the No. 1-ranked player in the world in 2001 and 2002 by running down more balls and winning more matches than anybody.
Ferguson has no fears for record buy Rooney Alex Ferguson has moved quickly to put a protective shield around teenage striker Wayne Rooney - and Manchester United #39;s new record signing insists he is mature enough to evade the pitfalls that could derail his emerging career.
Smyth Nets Twice as Canada Routs Slovakia Adam Foote added a pair of assists for Canada, who improved to 2-0 in the tournament while handing Slovakia a loss in its first game of the eight-nation event.
Menechino hits tie-breaking home run as Blue Jays rally past &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; TORONTO (CP) - Frank Menechino hit a tie-breaking home run in the seventh inning as the Toronto Blue Jays rallied to beat the Seattle Mariners 4-2 on Wednesday.
For Serena Williams, Less Is Definitely More he is one of the best tennis players in the world, but the talk surrounding her has nothing to do with aces or ground strokes. When it comes to Serena Williams, the discussion turns to clothing.
BASEBALL ROUNDUP Astros Apply Power in a Drive for More The Houston Astros, who are battling for a wild-card playoff spot, powered their way to a season-best sixth straight victory yesterday.
Last season #39;s MVP to miss three games SEATTLE -- Seattle Storm forward Lauren Jackson, last season #39;s WNBA most valuable player, will miss the next three games while she visits her seriously ill grandmother in Australia.
Zo seeks another comeback with Nets East Rutherford, NJ (Sports Network) - Retired NBA center and seven-time All- Star Alonzo Mourning is going to give his playing career one more shot.
Gunmen seize Russian school, taking 400 hostages A television grab shows a soldier helping a girl away from the scene at a school in the town of Beslan in the province of North Ossetia near Chechnya, September 1, 2004.
Pakistan Found to Aid Iran Nuclear Efforts new assessment of Iran #39;s nuclear program by the United Nations #39; International Atomic Energy Agency says that, as early as 1995, Pakistan was providing Tehran with the designs for sophisticated 
Curfew in Nepal as murders spark riot A curfew was imposed on Kathmandu last night, with orders to shoot people on sight, after thousands of demonstrators ransacked a mosque and fought pitched battles with police to protest at the killing of 12 Nepalese hostages by insurgents in Iraq.
Nepalese Attack a Mosque and Muslims in Katmandu Thousands of enraged Nepalese attacked a mosque and more than a hundred Muslim-owned businesses and homes here on Wednesday to protest the killing of 12 Nepalese workers by terrorists in Iraq.
Microsoft Wins a High-Definition DVD Battle (Reuters) Reuters - Blu-ray on Wednesday said Microsoft\Corp.  has won the DVD technology group's backing of a\video compression standard for new high-definition discs,\marking an advance for the software maker in an emerging\consumer electronics arena.
GM, Ford, Toyota see sales fall General Motors Corp. and Ford Motor Co. have reported disappointing US sales, prompting the two largest US automakers to cut planned vehicle production in the fourth quarter, which could hurt profits.
BofA pledges to move unit to Boston Ken Lewis, chief executive of Bank of America Corp., stands by job promises made to Massachusetts officials before BofA bought FleetBoston Financial Corp.
US Airways Pilots Hint Deal Is Near on Cuts he pilots #39; union at US Airways said yesterday that it might be close to reaching an agreement on wage and benefit cuts that the struggling airline contends are necessary to avoid another bankruptcy filing.
Joint Venture Wins Enron Pipeline Auction Enron Corp. (ENRNQ.PK: Quote, Profile, Research) on Wednesday said a joint venture of Southern Union Co. (SUG.N: Quote, Profile, Research) and a General Electric Co.
Oil Futures Prices Rise 4.5 on Outsize Drop in Supplies Crude oil futures prices surged by almost \$2 a barrel yesterday, the biggest increase in two months, after the Energy Department reported that United States oil supplies had declined more than expected.
United may cut 6,000 employees United Airlines is mulling plans to cut 6,000 jobs -- or 10 percent of its work force, according to the Financial Times. The move would allow the bankrupt carrier to cut annual operating costs by \$655 million.
Interest rates start to bite as house price growth slows to three &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; House prices grew by just 0.1 in August, their weakest in almost three years, the Nationwide said yesterday, providing further evidence that the house price boom has hit the buffers.
Court Now Says Shareholders Can Sue Oracle Reversing a lower court decision, an appeals court ruled Wednesday that a group of Oracle (ORCL:Nasdaq - news - research) shareholders can sue the company and top executives for allegedly covering up weak financial results in 2000 and 2001.
PepsiCo Reaffirms 2004 Profit Forecast PepsiCo Inc. (PEP.N: Quote, Profile, Research) , the world #39;s No. 2 soft drink company, on Wednesday reaffirmed its 2004 profit forecast and named former Kraft Foods Inc.
Two Californians accused of trying to smuggle 50 immigrants by &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Two US citizens have been detained and accused of trying to smuggle 50 Mexican nationals into Los Angeles in California aboard a rented yacht, authorities said Wednesday.
Microsoft Launches Online Music Store (Reuters) Reuters - Microsoft Corp. launched a new online\store for music downloads on Wednesday, taking direct aim at\Apple Computer Inc.'s popular iTunes music service.
Digital Radio a New Front in Piracy War (AP) AP - Technologies that let people record satellite and Internet radio broadcasts digitally are opening a new front in the recording industry's war on music piracy.
'Astro Boy' Makes Video Game Debut (AP) AP - Tetsum Atom is a butt-kicking, pint-sized hero that wants nothing more than peace between humans and robots. More than a half-century after debuting in Japanese comic books, "Astro Boy"  #151; as he's known outside of Japan  #151; is starring in two new video games from Sega of America Inc.
Is Linux Really a Contender Against Longhorn? (Ziff Davis) Ziff Davis - Microsoft looks to be giving the Linux client an opening against Windows with its changes to Longhorn's timing and features. Or are other contenders waiting in the wings? Check out two vastly different views of its opportunities.
Microsoft Unveils Version of Music Store (AP) AP - On the face of things, Microsoft Corp.'s online music service looks a lot like the market leader, Apple Computer Inc.'s iTunes.
Strong Hurricane Approaches Bahamas, Florida (Reuters) Reuters - Hurricane Frances barreled toward the\Bahamas islands with 140 mph winds on Wednesday, a growing\threat that put millions of people on alert along Florida's\heavily populated east coast.
Special X-Rays Unmask Mummy's Face, Virtually (Reuters) Reuters - The face of a man who died and was\mummified in Egypt 3,000 years ago has been modeled, using\special CAT scans and without unwrapping his bandages, Italian\researchers said on Wednesday.
San Diego-Born Panda Hua Mei Has Twins (AP) AP - San Diego's native-born panda, Hua Mei, gave birth to twins on Wednesday, less than a year after she was sent into a Chinese breeding program.
Survey Records Tarantulas' Travels (AP) AP - From now until the start of winter, male tarantulas are roaming around, searching for female mates, an ideal time to find out where the spiders flourish in Arkansas.
Protected Status Sought for Calif. Owl (AP) AP - Environmentalists asked the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service on Wednesday to grant protected status to the California spotted owl, claiming the bird's old-growth forest habitat is threatened by logging.
Women on Waves Portugal has a long tradition of protecting the human life. It was the first European country to abolish the death penalty, and more than 50 of voters rejected a 1998 referendum that would have liberalized abortion laws en (abortion is legal in Portugal if the pregnancy resulted from a rape, if it endangers the mother's life, or if the fetus is severely malformed; the morning-after pill is also legal).    Now a Dutch boat from an organization called Women on Waves intends to pick women in Portugal, bring them to international waters (where the law of the boat's country applies: the Netherlands allows abortions for six weeks after conception, if not performed within 25 km from an Amsterdam hospital), perform abortions, and return them to land. The Portuguese government has refused entry to Women on Waves' ship, the Borndiep (previously Sea Change).
Johnson  amp; Johnson May Buy Guidant, NY Times Says (Update2) Johnson  amp; Johnson, the world #39;s biggest producer of medical devices, is in talks to buy heart defibrillator maker Guidant Corp.
No big deal One day after the Yankees #39; worst loss in team history, the Boss finally broke his silence. George Steinbrenner issued a brief statement Wednesday, in which he shrugged off Tuesday #39;s embarrassing 22-0 loss to the Cleveland Indians.
Sanders back on the scene OWINGS MILLS, MD. -- Deion Sanders is back in the National Football League, this time with the Baltimore Ravens. The seven-time Pro Bowl defensive back passed his physical yesterday and formally ended his 
Annan urges big increase in troops for Darfur The UN secretary general, Kofi Annan, called for a substantial and speedy expansion of the international forces in Darfur after reporting that the Sudanese government had failed to stop attacks on civilians.
Women take a shine to video games The makers of video games need acknowledge that women like to buy and play games, says a study.
LATEST FUTURES NEWS SAN FRANCISCO (AFX) -- Oil futures fell again Tuesday, nearing a five-week low and ending the month with a loss of more than 2 percent amid new signs that key oil-producing countries will safeguard supply levels.
Ford posts sluggish sales, cuts production DETROIT - Ford Motor Co. posted weaker US vehicle sales for August Wednesday and cut its fourth-quarter production, while its rival Chrysler posted a fifth straight month of stronger results.
Ballmer bullish on future, bearish on Linux SEPTEMBER 01, 2004 (IDG NEWS SERVICE) - Addressing a gathering of software industry leaders in Boston today, Microsoft Corp. CEO Steve Ballmer touted his company #39;s vision for a bright future and cast doubt 
Time for a red card TEENAGE soccer player Wayne Rooney will get a staggering \$140,000 a week after his transfer from Everton to Manchester United. The rising star #39;s salary of \$7.
Braves 7, Phillies 2 Andruw Jones and Chipper Jones each hit a solo homer, and Jaret Wright pitched six strong innings to lead the Atlanta Braves to a 7-2 win over the Philadelphia Phillies on Wednesday night.
Henin-Hardenne advances The early action on the second day of the US Open at Flushing Meadows in New York saw an easy victory for the number one seed, Belgium #39;s Justine Henin-Hardenne.
Baseball: Long, long night #39;s journey for Yanks NEW YORK The Yankees could not help but watch the scoreboard. Their heads swiveled repeatedly toward the outfield as hit after hit for Cleveland sailed over or against the wall.
Jump into different world is plunge into abyss FOR those who hoped that the ego had landed after the 2003 Rugby World Cup success, the news that he is resigning from his post as England coach to aim for Sven-Goran Erikssons job in football has the foreboding of an embarrassing new chapter for Sir 
Chalabi, Claiming Exoneration, Plans Another Comeback In his first public appearance since an Iraqi judge ordered his arrest three weeks ago, the Iraqi exile Ahmad Chalabi announced his return to Iraq #39;s political scene 
Microsoft Wins a High-Definition DVD Battle  LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - Blu-ray on Wednesday said Microsoft  Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=MSFT.O qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;MSFT.O&lt;/A&gt; has won the DVD technology group's backing of a  video compression standard for new high-definition discs,  marking an advance for the software maker in an emerging  consumer electronics arena.
Microsoft Launches Online Music Store  SEATTLE (Reuters) - Microsoft Corp. launched a new online  store for music downloads on Wednesday, taking direct aim at  Apple Computer Inc.'s popular iTunes music service.
There's Gold in That There Dead Air At a time when the nation's wireless companies are increasingly desperate for more airwaves to serve its customers, little-known NextWave Telecom Inc. has networks up and running in 26 markets but has never served a single paying customer. &lt;BR&gt;\&lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Aether Declines Higher Bid for Transit Division Aether Systems Inc., a Maryland wireless data company that is selling off its operating units, said Wednesday it received a \$30 million offer for a division it had already agreed to sell to another buyer for \$25 million. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Judge Rules in Favor of Md. Vote Machines An Anne Arundel County judge Wednesday  rejected a challenge to the state's touch-screen voting machines, saying they are more accurate than the paper ballots plaintiffs are seeking to make optional for the November elections. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Instant Messaging Is Growing Up, Going to Work IM DNWFM, WFU?&lt;br&gt; If you're an avid instant messenger, you probably know what I mean: "Instant messaging doesn't work for me, does it work for you?" Yet I appear to be on the way to becoming a minority, a fuddy-dud resisting the text-chat party. Instant messaging, or IM, is catching on with...
Spherix Executive Resigns The chief executive of Spherix Inc. resigned after the board of the Beltsville company rejected his proposal to scale back its biotechnology division and focus on information services.
Spokane Diocese in bankruptcy court The Roman Catholic Diocese of Spokane filed for bankruptcy protection yesterday, saying it did not have the money to cover lawsuits filed by alleged victims of clergy abuse.
Maryland Judge Rules In Favor Of State In E-Voting Suit Anne Arundel County Circuit Judge Joseph Manck has rejected a challenge to Maryland's electronic voting system.
Scarce insects duck UK splat test Insects in the UK are less common than many of us think, a simple test by birdlovers suggests.
Shock, awe and obscenity of snouts in a trough of greed REVELATIONS of the  quot;self-righteous and aggressive looting quot; of Hollinger International by its former chief executive Conrad Black and his associates are so jaw-droppingly obscene it is tempting to conclude that, given the extremity of the behaviour Black 
Insurance, high gas costs hurt vehicle sales High gasoline prices and lofty insurance rates drove vehicle sales lower in Canada for another month, industry experts said. According to data provided by the auto makers and compiled by analyst 
Stocks End Mixed Amid Rising Oil Prices Stocks staggered to a mixed finish Wednesday as lower-than-expected manufacturing activity and rising oil prices chilled an early spate of bargain hunting, but technology shares posted a modest advance.
Scientists discover planets in our galactic back yard Until recently, they were able only to detect the presence of planets equivalent in size to our own neighboring gas giant Jupiter.
Microsoft Challenges Rivals With New Online Music Service icrosoft started selling music tracks yesterday on its MSN online service, taking on Apple Computer and a host of others in the fast-growing market for digital music.
IBM and Intel to open up blade specifications In an effort to encourage hardware vendors to build components for the blade platform they co-develop, Intel Corp. and IBM Corp. on Thursday will open up parts of the BladeCenter 
From Microsoft, a First Take F you #39;re trying to figure out if somebody is a gadget freak, try this simple test: work the phrase  quot;video iPod quot; into a sentence.
Hitachi shrinks iPod hard drives If we don #39;t know anything about Apple #39;s next version of the iPod, one reasonable certainty is that it will be smaller and more robust, as Hitachi has just made the hard drives used 10 per cent smaller with the use of a new connector.
Jets sign Pennington for long term The New York Jets announced Wednesday they had signed quarterback Chad Pennington to a long-term contract extension. The New York Daily News reported Pennington became the highest 
Wharf weighs in for new England If England #39;s new one-day master plan was to bat, bowl and field better than in the recent past, then it succeeded admirably here yesterday.
Darfur Situation Worsens; Talks Resume KHARTOUM, 1 September 2004 - Conditions are worsening for refugees in Darfur, UN agencies said yesterday, as the Sudanese government and rebels struggled to make headway in talks aiming to ease the conflict in the Darfur region.
Three Killed in Rush for IKEA Vouchers Three men were trampled to death in a rush to claim vouchers at the first IKEA furniture showroom in Saudi Arabia Wednesday, hospital officials said.
China Showcases Space Program to the World By STEPHANIE HOO     JIUQUAN, China (AP) -- Rising space power China provided a rare peek into its top-secret launch center Wednesday, capitalizing on its recent success in orbit to promote the military-funded project as a lure for foreign investment and a key to growing prosperity.    A police car with flashing lights led busloads of international journalists across northwestern China's vast Gobi Desert to the Jiuquan space center, past armored patrol vehicles and a sign, in English: "Foreigners are not allowed to enter without permission."    It was the first time China let foreigners enter, though officials forbade photographs of the command-and-control center with its rows of computer screens or the mammoth assembly hall where workers built the spacecraft that lifted China's first astronaut into orbit last October...
Microsoft Launches MSN Music In the right corner, weighing in with 100 million downloaded iTunes songs: heavyweight champion Steve Jobs. In the left corner, weighing in with billions and billions of dollars and near universal 
US website offers Caller ID falsification service Overdue debtors beware: You may not be able to rely on Caller ID to screen out those annoying bill collectors much longer. A California entrepreneur has a plan to bring the hacker technique of Caller ID spoofing 
Rape Charge Against NBA Star Kobe Bryant Dropped District Attorney Mark Hurlbert said he filed the motion to dismiss the criminal case Wednesday because Bryant #39;s 20-year-old accuser was no longer willing to testify.
Former champs Lleyton Hewitt and Serena Williams move on at US &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Wearing what she described as her  quot;micro-mini quot; outfit, third-seeded Serena Williams advanced to the third round of the US Open on Wednesday with a 6-4, 6-3 victory over fellow American Lindsay Lee-Waters.
Sports: Braves 7 Phillies 2 PHILADELPHIA Andruw and Chipper Jones belted solo homers to support Jaret Wright in Atlanta #39;s 7-to-2 win over Philadelphia. Chipper Jones gave the Braves a 5-to-2 lead in the fourth with his 26th homer of the season.
Three-way England battle for Gerrard role STEVEN GERRARD will be handed the chance to play in his preferred central midfield for England after Nicky Butt was ruled out of this week-end #39;s opening 2006 World Cup qualifier in Austria.
Woodward Remains England Coach, Will Continue Talks on Future Clive Woodward, who led England to victory at last year #39;s rugby World Cup, will today hold further talks about his future, a day after saying he will quit as coach.
Colangelo resigns as CEO of D-Backs Jerry Colangelo has resigned his position as chief executive officer of the Arizona Diamondbacks, effective immediately, handing the reins of the organization to CEO Elect Jeff Moorad.
UPDATE 1-Harmison hat-trick helps England to easy win England fast bowler Steve Harmison grabbed a hat-trick to set up an easy seven-wicket win over India in the first one-day international at Trent Bridge, Nottingham on Wednesday.
Has Coughlin fired up Giants #39; O-line? In the week before last week #39;s preseason game against the Jets, Tom Coughlin sharply criticized his defensive backs, who did not appreciate his comments but responded with a far better game.
Powell: US Wants UN Sanctions Vs. Iran WASHINGTON Sept. 1, 2004 - Secretary of State Colin Powell said the United States wants UN sanctions imposed on Iran after the Bush administration concluded the country is on the verge of enriching enough uranium for four nuclear weapons.
Indian hostages set to return home After 42 days in captivity, the three Indian truckers are all set to fly back home today. They are currently in Kuwait and would be taking a special flight back home later tonight.
Radiation Not Good for Treating All Cancer By JEFF DONN    BOSTON (AP) -- Many older women with early breast cancer can safely skip radiation after having a lump removed, two studies suggest.    Most women should still undergo radiation, because it helps prevent relapses within the same breast, the researchers say...
DIY print boom DIGITAL photography continues to grow at a phenomenal rate. The ability to review images seconds after capture, download and manipulate them on a personal computer and either burn them on to a blank CD or 
IT workers happier about job market Monthly measurement of techie optimism marks another slight hike, less worker worry.
IBM, Intel push 'open' blade server spec The effort to dominate their way into a de facto standard isn't sitting well with rivals HP and Dell.
Plastic magnet breaks the mold Researchers in England have made the first magnet made of plastic that works at room temperatures.
Oracle delivers delayed patches The fixes come about eight months after a security researcher told the database software maker of the problems.
Security pros warn of critical flaws in Kerberos Vulnerabilities in technology widely used for network authentication leave computers open to attack.
Security pros warn of critical flaws in Kerberos (cont.) Vulnerabilities in technology widely used for network authentication leave computers open to attack.
AT T Wireless: Sun, sand and 3G, anyone? San Diego becomes a battleground for 3G wireless broadband, as AT #38;T Wireless debuts a service that competes with Verizon.
Wi-Fi group backs brawnier security standard An alliance says that Wi-Fi Protected Access 2, or WPA2, is a big improvement on earlier wireless security standards.
Hitachi drive to connect with consumer devices Company hopes to woo makers of music players and other devices with easy integration and trimmer drive.
Ballmer bullish on future, bearish on Linux Speaking to members of the Massachusetts Software Council, Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer touted a bright future for technology but warned his listeners to think twice before adopting open-source products like Linux.
Organizers shun wireless for GOP convention network Verizon Communications ran thousands of miles of cable to build a VoIP network in Madison Square Garden, while Cisco supplied the networking equipment, IBM donated PCs and servers, and Microsoft provided desktop and systems software.
USTA nets server savings IBM, which manages computer operations for the United States Tennis Association, has consolidated Internet scoring, staging and Web publishing applications onto a single eServer i5 system to support the U.S. Open's processing requirements.
SCO caps legal costs as losses mount The SCO Group is looking to cut expenses to make sure it has enough cash to push its lawsuit with IBM, the company announced during its third-quarter earnings conference call yesterday.
Analyst firm predicts e-commerce upswing IT investments in Web sites, combined with greater acceptance of online shopping on the part of consumers, will drive the growth.
Apple's Phil Schiller, analysts discuss the iMac G5 The marketing behind the new iMac G5 will leave no doubt in consumers' minds what else Apple has delivered lately. 
GOP platform: Broadband and R D tax credits The Republican party platform includes calls for widely available broadband access, electronic health records and more government R D spending.
Digital Gear: Internet keys and cool Cigars Recent gadgets hitting the market include a portable hard drive, a multimedia player, a Bluetooth device and more.
Longhorn cuts delay Microsoft Business Framework By cutting WinFS from Longhorn and indefinitely delaying the storage system, Microsoft Corp. has also again delayed the Microsoft Business Framework (MBF), a new Windows programming layer that is closely tied to WinFS.
SAP to speech enable applications On Wednesday SAP moved one step closer to voice-enabling its applications by signing a deal with VoiceObjects, a developer of voice application management systems.
IBM and Intel to open up blade specifications In an effort to encourage hardware vendors to build components for the blade platform they co-develop, Intel Corp. and IBM Corp. on Thursday will open up parts of the BladeCenter design specifications, according to documents obtained by IDG News Service.
Symantec joins antiphishing group Antivirus software company Symantec Corp. said on Wednesday that it joined a group devoted to fighting online identity theft attacks known as "phishing scams."
Microsoft Lets the Digital Media Play Portable Media Center devices, MSN Music store, and Windows Media Player 10 launched.
EBay to Acquire South Korean Auction Firm By RACHEL KONRAD    SAN FRANCISCO (AP) -- EBay Inc., which has been aggressively expanding in Asia, plans to increase its stake in South Korea's largest online auction company.    The Internet auction giant said Tuesday night that it would purchase nearly 3 million publicly held shares of Internet Auction Co...
What is AdWare? What Is AdWare?\\As with most things in life, there are two sides to every story and these adware packages have brewed up quite a bit of controversy. Ask a web publisher and, if they can say it in a nice way without cursing while they do, they'll tell you that ...
Urchin Releases ASP Version of Web Analytics Software Urchin Releases ASP Version of Web Analytics Software\\Urchin Software Corporation today released Urchin 6 On Demand, an ASP version of its popular web analytics and marketing intelligence software. The Urchin 6 ASP service provides an integrated approach to attracting quality traffic, increasing sales and conversions and retaining customers. Organizations wishing ...
Toogle: Cool Google Image Search Implementation Toogle: Cool Google Image Search Implementation\\Google has become a synonymous with Internet Searching. It has also become a verb with all those talks about Googling this and Googling that. But the truth remains; Google is the best thing to happen to Internet Searching in years. And it does great at ...
I.B.M. to Share Technology and Designs for New Computer I.B.M. plans to announce that it will share the designs and technology for a fast-growing line of computers known as blade servers.
A Commercial Software Service Aims to Outfox Caller ID A new computerized service enables customers to create phony outbound phone numbers in order to mask their telephone identities.
Letting Gamers Play God, and Now Themselves Peter Molyneux, widely considered one of the best high-concept designers in the video-game industry, is renowned for creating "god games."
Microsoft Challenges Rivals With New Online Music Service Microsoft started selling music tracks on its MSN online service, taking on Apple Computer and a host of others in the fast-growing market for digital music.
The Return of the Venture Capitalists Four years after the Internet bubble burst, the venture-capital industry is showing signs of growth.
Subway suicide bomb kills 10 MOSCOW - A female suicide bomber set off a shrapnel-filled explosive device outside a busy Moscow subway station on Tuesday night, officials said, killing 10 people and injuring more than 50.
Judge to decide whether Chalabi counterfeit case goes forward An Iraqi judge will decide as soon as Thursday whether to allow the counterfeiting case against former Iraq Governing Council member Ahmad Chalabi to go ahead.
Former Bosnian Serb leader convicted of war crimes The International Tribunal for former Yugoslavia (ICTY) in the Hague Wednesday sentenced former Bosnian Serb Deputy Prime Minister Radoslav Brdjanin to 32 years in prison.
Joint Venture Wins Enron Pipeline Auction (Reuters) Reuters - Enron Corp.  on Wednesday\said a joint venture of Southern Union Co.  and a\General Electric Co.  unit won the auction for its crown\jewel U.S. pipelines with a  #36;2.45 billion cash and assumed debt\bid.
Hopes Pinned on Talks in Russia Hostage Drama (Reuters) Reuters - Gunmen held hundreds of children\and adults captive in a school gym into the night in turbulent\southern Russia Thursday, but the Kremlin remained silent about\an attack which amounted to a huge humiliation.
Prosecutors Drop Sex Case Against Bryant (AP) AP - The criminal case against Kobe Bryant case collapsed Wednesday as prosecutors said they had no choice but to drop the sexual assault charge because the NBA star's accuser no longer wanted to participate.
Yankees Rebound to Defeat Indians 5-3 (AP) AP - The scoreboard was reset to zero, all the runs and hits from the previous day wiped away. Orlando Hernandez and Jorge Posada then went out and restored some order at Yankee Stadium.
Israeli Army Destroys Gaza Homes After Bus Bombings (Reuters) Reuters - Israeli forces Thursday blew up two\Palestinian housing blocs in a Gaza refugee camp that the army\said were used by Palestinian militants to launch attacks\against soldiers and settlers.
Iraqi Judge to Decide on Chalabi Case (AP) AP - An Iraqi judge will decide as soon as Thursday whether to allow the counterfeiting case against former Iraq Governing Council member Ahmad Chalabi to go ahead.
Bryant Can Now Focus on Hoops, Business (AP) AP - Kobe Bryant can go on as a basketball superstar, but his squeaky-clean image is gone forever.
Dallaire launches tirade against Western powers for Sudanese waffling (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - OTTAWA (CP) - The Canadian general who watched helplessly while genocide raged in Rwanda launched a  tirade Wednesday against Western countries for their "lame and obtuse" response to unnervingly similar horrors unfolding in Sudan.
Twins Trip Rangers 4-2 (AP) AP - Terry Tiffee hit a go-ahead two-run double in his major league debut to give the Minnesota Twins a 4-2 victory over the Texas Rangers Wednesday night.
"Kooky" Greens may have last laugh in Australian election (AFP) AFP - Australia's Greens -- dismissed as "kooky" by Prime Minister John Howard for a policy platform that includes state-funded sex-change operations -- may determine the outcome of upcoming elections as it draws disenchanted voters from mainstream parties.
Serena the 'Entertainer' Wins at U.S. Open (AP) AP - This is all you need to know about Serena Williams' concerns at the U.S. Open: After warming up for what would be a 6-4, 6-3 second-round victory Wednesday against Lindsay Lee-Waters, Williams approached the chair umpire with an urgent request  #151; could someone get her purse from the locker room? She forgot to put on earrings.
Joint Venture Wins Enron Pipeline Auction  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Enron Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=ENRNQ.PK target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;ENRNQ.PK&lt;/A&gt; on Wednesday  said a joint venture of Southern Union Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=SUG.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;SUG.N&lt;/A&gt; and a  General Electric Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=GE.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;GE.N&lt;/A&gt; unit won the auction for its crown  jewel U.S. pipelines with a \$2.45 billion cash and assumed debt  bid.
U.S. Oil Prices Are Steady  SINGAPORE (Reuters) - U.S. oil prices were steady on  Thursday, holding gains of nearly \$2 from a day earlier after a  U.S. government report showed crude oil stocks falling to their  lowest level in five months.
Convention Protests Target Labor Policies (AP) AP - Republican National Convention protesters waved symbolic pink slips along a three-mile "unemployment line," labor unions demanded better treatment of workers and a group of AIDS activists infiltrated Madison Square Garden on Wednesday, as arrest totals soared beyond 1,700 for the past week.
Kerry Will Begin Ad Blitz in Seven States (AP) AP - John Kerry will begin his post-Labor Day advertising blitz in seven states from New Hampshire to New Mexico, his political Ground Zero for a  #36;50 million campaign scheduled to expand into another 13 states by Nov. 2.
Victory in Terror War Has Many Meanings (AP) AP - The war on terror might eventually be won, depending on one's definition of winning.
Mauresmo Through After Nervy Start  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Amelie Mauresmo's hopes of a first  grand slam title remained intact Wednesday but she had to come  from behind to beat Ukraine's Julia Vakulenko 3-6, 6-2, 6-2 in  the second round of the U.S. Open.
Dollar Struggles Near Recent Lows  TOKYO (Reuters) - The dollar struggled near recent lows on  Thursday after soft U.S. manufacturing data failed to dispel  concerns that the U.S. economy may be running out of steam.
Haynes Emerges from Shadow of Williams Sisters  NEW YORK (Reuters) - We have heard this somewhere before.
Canada Routs Slovakia in World Cup of Hockey  MONTREAL (Reuters) - Ryan Smyth scored twice and Martin St  Louis had a goal and an assist for the second straight game as  Canada eased to a 5-1 win over Slovakia in round-robin play at  the World Cup of Hockey on Wednesday.
Powell Says U.N Must Act Now on Iran Weapons  WASHINGTON (Reuters) -  Secretary of State Colin Powell  said on Wednesday the time had come for the United Nations to  take punitive action against Iran for its alleged nuclear  weapons program.
January Trial Date Set for NHL's Bertuzzi  VANCOUVER, British Columbia (Reuters) - A Canadian court  set a Jan. 17 trial date on Wednesday for National Hockey  League star Todd Bertuzzi, who is charged with assault for an  on-ice attack last season that left a player with a fractured  neck.
Pennington Reaches Long-Term Deal with Jets  NEW YORK (Sports Network) - The New York Jets and  quarterback Chad Pennington finally agreed on a long-term  contract extension Wednesday.
Enron Broadband Trial Start Delayed  HOUSTON (Reuters) - A federal judge on Wednesday delayed  the start of the trial of five former executives at defunct  Enron Corp.'s &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=ENRNQ.PK target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;ENRNQ.PK&lt;/A&gt; broadband Internet unit to March  because of a defense lawyer's scheduling conflict.
Zo Seeks Another Comeback with Nets  EAST RUTHERFORD, New Jersey (Sports Network) - Retired NBA  center and seven-time All- Star Alonzo Mourning is going to  give his playing career one more shot.
Israeli Army Destroys Gaza Homes After Bus Bombings  GAZA (Reuters) - Israeli forces Thursday blew up two  Palestinian housing blocs in a Gaza refugee camp that the army  said were used by Palestinian militants to launch attacks  against soldiers and settlers.
Regulators Attacking Insider Trading Experts say improper trading flourishes in periods of rampant mergers and acquisitions, fueling insiders to cash in on their advance knowledge. But even in the relatively slow dealmaking scene of the past few years, the SEC has brought about 60 cases a year.
Hit by Protests, Mexico's Fox Urges a Truce  MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - Mexican President Vicente Fox  called for a truce on Wednesday to ease mounting political  tensions, as hundreds of thousands of workers went on strike  and some deputies literally turned their backs on him.
Organized Crime Transacts \$2 Trillion a Year -- U.N.  BRASILIA, Brazil (Reuters) - Transactions worldwide by  organized crime reach \$2 trillion every year, and about half  that amount goes toward corruption and bribes, the United  Nations drugs and crime watchdog said on Wednesday.
Judge Delays Criminal Trial For Former Enron Executives A federal judge in Houston Wednesday agreed to postpone for five months the criminal trial of several former executives in Enron Corp.'s Internet division, just one day after a leader of the unit pleaded guilty and agreed to cooperate with prosecutors.
New Panama President Vows to Mend Cuba Ties  PANAMA CITY (Reuters) - Panama's new President Martin  Torrijos vowed on Wednesday to mend diplomatic ties with Cuba,  ruptured last week when his predecessor pardoned four men  jailed for plotting to kill Cuban President Fidel Castro.
Mourning Will Try to Play Seven-time All-Star Alonzo Mourning will attempt a comeback with the Nets this season, less than a year after a kidney transplant.
Russia terror wave exposes weak intelligence Following the third attack in eight days, the capability of security services against militants is questioned.
This Time, It's Easy for Capriati Looking powerful and focused, Jennifer Capriati rolled to a 6-0, 6-2, victory over Magui Serna at the United States Open on Monday.
US standing with Arabs hits a low Despite \$2 billion in yearly aid, 98 percent of Egyptians have unfavorable view of US.
What's behind the Darfur crisis - and what's next? If the solution seems complex, the roots of the problem in western Sudan are perhaps more so.
Cheney unleashes attack on Kerry The vice-president tell the Republican convention that Democrat John Kerry is unfit for the presidency.
Russia hostage takers surrounded A siege at a south Russian school goes into the night, with a group holding at least 200, many of them children.
DaVita to buy Gambro dialysis unit for \$3 bln cash LONDON (CBS.MW) -- DaVita (DVA) said it has an agreement to buy Gambro Healthcare, the dialysis division of Sweden #39;s Gambro (SE:000016447) for \$3.05 billion in cash.
Eritreans jailed for plane hijack Fifteen Eritreans are jailed for five years each for hijacking a Libyan aircraft being used to deport them.
Panama's new president sworn in Panama's new President Martin Torrijos is sworn in for a five-year term, promising to probe human rights violations.
Charity Begins at Home? Perhaps Not at Hollinger How much does it cost to become a lion on the social scenes in New York, London and Toronto? Not as much as one might think.
Textile Industry to Request Limits on Chinese Goods Officials of the United States textile industry said that they would petition to block the expected flood of Chinese imports.
Move singer Carl Wayne dies at 61 Carl Wayne, the lead singer of influential 1960s pop group the Move, dies at the age of 61 after battling cancer.
France Plans to Cut Phone Stake The French government accelerated its privatization effort, saying it will cede control of its former phone monopoly.
Another Recovery As the 16th-ranked Cavaliers prepare for Saturday's season opener at Temple, inside linebacker Rich Bedesem is healthy again after tearing the ACL in his right knee -- again.
Sanz Wins Four Awards at Latin Grammys LOS ANGELES - Latin Grammy favorite Alejandro Sanz won four awards and Brazilian jazz songstress Maria Rita collected two Wednesday at a ceremony aimed at uniting Spanish- and Portugese-language music with the flash and sizzle of American pop.    Sanz won the male pop vocal album award and album of the year for "No Es Lo Mismo" and took home song of the year and record of the year trophies for writing and performing the album's title track...
Florida Calls for Hurricane Evacuations MIAMI - Nearly a half-million people were ordered to evacuate as Hurricane Frances swirled toward Florida on Wednesday just weeks after Charley's devastating visit, threatening to deliver the most powerful one-two punch to hit a state in at least a century.    Those planning to ride out the storm snapped up canned food, water and generators, while military helicopters and planes were flown out of the area and Cape Canaveral's Kennedy Space Center said it would close on Thursday...
Chiefs Lose Boerigter Kansas City Chiefs backup wide receiver Marc Boerigter will miss the season after injuring his right knee in last week's exhibition loss to Cleveland.
In Shift, Putin Says He Will Back Whomever Ukraine Elects Only days after mocking a call for a new presidential runoff vote, President Vladimir V. Putin said today that he would work with whoever is elected by the people of Ukraine to lead the country, a Russian news agency reported.
Hundreds Held Hostage at Russian School BESLAN, Russia - Armed militants with explosives strapped to their bodies stormed a Russian school in a region bordering Chechnya on Wednesday, corralling hundreds of hostages - many of them children - into a gymnasium and threatening to blow up the building if surrounding Russian troops attacked. At least two people were killed, including a school parent...
Prosecutors Drop Sex Case Against Bryant EAGLE, Colo. - The criminal case against Kobe Bryant case collapsed Wednesday as prosecutors said they had no choice but to drop the sexual assault charge because the NBA star's accuser no longer wanted to participate...
Contact Made With Hostage-Takers in Russia BESLAN, Russia - Attackers wrapped in suicide-bomb belts raided a school in a region bordering Chechnya, seizing up to 400 hostages - including scores of students welcoming the new school year - and threatening to kill captives or blow up the building if it was stormed by encircling Russian troops.    Authorities established contact with the hostage-takers hours after the raid Wednesday, which officials said left at least two people dead in the latest assault in a country the defense minister said has been challenged by a declaration of terrorist war...
Prosecutors Drop Sex Case Against Bryant EAGLE, Colo. - The Kobe Bryant case collapsed Wednesday as prosecutors said they had no choice but to drop the sexual assault charge against the NBA star because his accuser no longer wanted to participate...
Kerry Will Begin Ad Blitz in Seven States NEW YORK - John Kerry will begin his post-Labor Day advertizing blitz in seven states from New Hampshire to New Mexico, his political Ground Zero for a \$50 million campaign scheduled to expand into another 13 states by Nov. 2...
Convention Protests Target Labor Policies NEW YORK - Republican National Convention protesters waved symbolic pink slips along a three-mile "unemployment line," labor unions demanded better treatment of workers and a group of AIDS activists infiltrated Madison Square Garden on Wednesday, as arrest totals soared beyond 1,700 for the past week.    The arrests, including several on Wednesday, far surpass those made in much more violent circumstances at Chicago's 1968 Democratic convention...
French Anxious Over Kidnapping Kidnappers in Iraq are demanding that the French government rescind a ban on religious head scarves in public schools set to go into effect Thursday.
Judge Delays Criminal Trial For Former Enron Executives A federal judge in Houston yesterday agreed to postpone for five months the criminal trial of several former executives in Enron Corp.
Toyota, Nissan, Honda Shares Fall as US August Sales Decline Shares of Toyota Motor Corp., Honda Motor Co. and Nissan Motor Co. fell after their combined August US sales declined for the first time since 2002.
Sanders Says His Expectations Are One Deion Sanders stood on the Baltimore Ravens #39; practice field and chatted with his new teammates, some of whom were old friends, some new.
Twins 4, Rangers 2 Terry Tiffee hit a go-ahead two-run double in his major league debut to give the Minnesota Twins a 4-2 victory over the Texas Rangers Wednesday night.
Bruce Lee statue for divided city In Bosnia, where one man #39;s hero is often another man #39;s villain, some citizens have decided to honour one whom Serbs, Croats and Muslims can all look up to - the kung fu great Bruce Lee.
US Airways mechanics won #39;t reopen contract As US Airways continues concession talks with pilots to avert a second bankruptcy filing, it #39;s facing new strains with mechanics.
Apple #39;s missed opportunity By Paul Jackson, senior analyst. With its new iMac G5, Apple Computer has once again come up with a unique package of design, power and ease of use.
Taiwan #39;s Acer Inc. Reshuffles Leadership Taiwanese high-tech giant Acer Inc. on Wednesday announced a leadership reshuffle and the retirement of Stan Shih - the company #39;s founder and a major figure in Taiwan #39;s bid to dominate the personal computer industry.
Champion jockey among 16 held by police in race-fixing inquiry At six o #39;clock yesterday morning, Kieren Fallon should have been thundering along the scenic gallops above Newmarket at the start of another ordinary but enriching day at the peak of British horse racing.
Yankees unfazed the day after George Steinbrenner was noticeably silent after Tuesday night #39;s 22-0 loss to the Indians, but the Yankees #39; owner had some words for his club less than 24 hours after the worst defeat in franchise history.
MLB: Minnesota 8, Texas 5 A three-run homer in the 11th inning by Torii Hunter led the home-field Minnesota Twins to an 8-5 victory over the Texas Rangers. Hunter finished with three hits and six RBI 
Salmon opts for surgeries Tim Salmon said on Wednesday that he will undergo season-ending surgeries on his ailing left shoulder and left knee, but the veteran wouldn #39;t call it a career just yet.
How an It girl lost her groove, then found her game There was once an It gal of tennis who graced the national magazine covers, drawing so much attention from the paparazzi and fashionistas that she made her peers as jealous as lottery losers.
No end to Russian crisis Relatives of the hostages seized in a school in North Ossetia faced a sleepless night on Wednesday, as they waited for more information about their loved ones.
Kidnappers in Iraq Free Seven Truckers (AP) AP - Militants released seven foreign hostages Wednesday after their employer paid  #36;500,000 ransom, while France mustered support from Muslims at home and abroad to push for the release of two French journalists still held captive in Iraq.
White Sox Cool Off Athletics 5-4 (AP) AP - Pinch-hitter Ross Gload came through with an RBI single in the ninth inning, and the Chicago White Sox ended the Oakland Athletics' eight-game winning streak with a 5-4 victory Wednesday night.
National League Game Summary - Atlanta at Philadelphia The Braves, who ended with 13 hits, have recorded 10 or more hits in 12 straight games, setting a franchise record...With every victory, Wright continues to set a new career high...Marcus Giles went 3-for-5 for the Braves.
Designated hitter to have season-ending surgery Anaheim Angels designated hitter Tim Salmon will have season-ending operations on his left knee and left shoulder. Salmon was examined Wednesday by Dr.
Hundreds Held Hostage at Russian School, UN Demands Their Freedom The UN Security Council has strongly condemned the seizure of up to 400 people at a school in Russia, as the tense standoff enters its second day Thursday.
Malaysia #39;s Anwar Ibrahim Freed From Prison on Final Appeal Anwar Ibrahim, Malaysia #39;s former deputy prime minister, was freed by the country #39;s highest court, which overturned his conviction for sodomy following an appeal.
British GP given 48 hour deadline The owners of the Silverstone race track in England have been given 48 hours to agree to a contract or there will not be a British Grand Prix in 2005.
Report: Black Robbed Hollinger of \$400 M the former Daily Telegraph publisher -- and his wife Barbara Amiel used corporate credit cards to pay for their every extravagance.
Apple Introduces New iMac (Article Central) At the Apple Expo in Paris this week, Apple Computer Inc. introduced the new iMac, the latest version of the popular consumer desktop computer.
Owls use dung to attract a few treats WASHINGTON - Small owls that scatter mammal dung around the entrances to their underground burrows may be wiser than the practice would seem to suggest.
Faqs! Facts! Fax! I read with interest the recent Boot Camp article on the new Service Pack (SP2) for Windows XP. I have a dial-up connection to the Internet so I imagine that it would be impossible to download such a large file.
Surfing at the launderette A San Francisco launderette has been rated one of the top places in the world to surf the internet. The winners of the first Yahoo Mail Internet Cafe Awards, published to mark the 10th anniversary of the world #39;s 
Hewitt, Serena advance at US Open The 23-year-old Australian continued his solid play yesterday, extending his winning streak to 11 matches.  quot;I have been able to put it together day in and day out the last few weeks, quot; Hewitt said.
Racing uncertainties On one level, horse racing in Britain appears to be on a roll: it is a multi-million pound industry employing 100,000 people. More horses are competing for more prize money at more fixtures and watched by more punters than ever before.
VAUGHAN LOVES IT WHEN ENGLAND PLANS COME TOGETHER Michael Vaughan has toasted England #39;s latest strategic plan after two of the new components starred in the win over India in the NatWest Challenge.
Ravens take Sanders under wing The seven-time Pro Bowl defensive back passed his physical yesterday at the Baltimore Ravens training camp and formally ended his retirement by signing a one-year contract with the club laden with incentives.
Serena marches on, Molik out Serena Williams marched into the third round of the US Open today, beating fellow American Lindsay Lee-Waters 6-4 6-3. The third seed, who again walked on to court wearing long black boots and a jewel-encrusted 
D-Backs CEO Colangelo resigns com. Colangelo was originally set to step down on Jan. 1, 2005, but decided to accelerate his timetable. CEO-elect Jeff Moorad, who was to take over in January, will instead begin as CEO on Oct. 15.
Mourning to Attempt Comeback With the Nets he Nets announced last night that Alonzo Mourning, who announced his retirement last season to receive a kidney transplant, will attempt a comeback and will attend their training camp in October.
Israel wants blood ISRAEL will ramp up its campaign to assassinate Hamas leaders in response to twin suicide bombings by the militant group that killed 16 people.
Tennis: Big Names Advance in Open, Medal Winners Out  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Roger Federer teased, Lleyton Hewitt  shone and Serena Williams dazzled at the U.S. Open on  Wednesday, although the bronze medallists at the Athens  Olympics were both upset.
Yeading determined to ruffle Magpies #39; feathers A team managed by Johnson  #39;Drax #39; Hippolyte with a star striker known as DJ Campbell playing at a ground used in the movie Bend It Like Beckham -- welcome to Yeading FC.
Dollar Near Lows on ISM, Looming Data  TOKYO (Reuters) - The dollar sat tight near recent lows on  Thursday after soft manufacturing data failed to dispel  concerns that the U.S. economy may be running out of steam.
Congressional Double The U.S. Golf Association is expected to announce the awarding of the 2011 U.S. Open and the 2009 U.S. Amateur championships to Congressional Country Club later this month.
Owens rips union over steroids issue The fallout from Major League Baseball #39;s steroids scandal reached Colorado on Monday with Gov. Bill Owens threatening to test visiting major-league players if stricter testing standards aren #39;t adopted.
Prosecutors Drop Kobe Bryant Rape Case The Kobe Bryant rape case was dismissed after the prosecution said the woman who had accused Mr. Bryant of sexual assault would no longer cooperate.
GOP Governors in Swing States Under Gun (AP) AP - The crowd on the Republican convention floor couldn't be more aware of how close the race for president is, from reminders at breakfast to speeches that run until nearly midnight. But few feel the pressure more than governors of states where the contest could go either way.
Lessons from Hollinger fiasco Hollinger International Inc. #39;s special committee #39;s report that details the apparent abuse by senior executives at the company, primarily Conrad Black and David Radler, is the latest in a series of scandals that have shocked corporate boardrooms across the 
US Airways Pilots May Be Near Pay Pact US Airways Group Inc. #39;s pilots union said on Wednesday it may agree this week on a plan to cut wages and benefits to help the seventh-biggest US airline avoid a second bankruptcy filing.
IBM loosens its blade IBM IS to share the designs of its blade servers in a bid to boost their popularity among developers. It follows moves to open up the companys microprocessor business and give partners more access to its 
ET should have written home instead... So instead of phoning home, it could have been more energy-efficient if ET had inscribed information and physically sent it, because radio waves disperse as they travel.
Microsoft delivers SP2 at Post Office THE SOFTWARE giant on which the sun never sets is releasing its Microsoft Windows mega-patch in Post Offices throughout Japan. Microsoft in Tokyo has announced that it will exploit a network of 25,000 post 
Culture Plays a Role in Dyslexia, Scientists Say Dyslexia, a common reading and learning disorder, could be influenced by culture, researchers said Wednesday. They discovered that a different area of the brain is affected in dyslexic Chinese 
Sony #39;s Blu-Ray Discs to Have Half the Production Cost of DVDs Sony announced yesterday that it has developed Blu-Ray (BD) disc production technology that will be enable the company to produce Blu-Ray discs at half the cost of DVDs.
IBM, Honda help knightrider dreams come true IBM says its joint development with Honda Motor Company has yielded a hands-free, voiced-commanded and real-time car navigation system, which has been put into market.
Ballmer Touts Microsoft #39;s Innovation In Spite Of Longhorn Snafu Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer said innovation and customer responsiveness should be top priorities for ISVs, even as Microsoft itself last week admitted that the next version of Windows will fall short of the mark when it hits the shelves in 2006.
Sources: Deal discussed to drop charge against Bryant A deal to dismiss the sexual assault charge against Kobe Bryant is being discussed inside the Eagle County Courthouse, sources close to the case told CNN on Wednesday.
Ferreira looks to retirement after US Open loss South Africa #39;s Wayne Ferreira played the final ATP Tour singles match of his 15-year career on Wednesday, losing in the first-round of the US Open to former world No.
CLEAN SLATE FOR ENGLAND - NEVILLE Gary Neville insisted England must  quot;start again quot; this weekend to build for the 2006 World Cup, fuelled by the self-belief they can finally end almost 40 years of international under-achievement.
Sharapova to play at Japan Open Wimbledon champion Maria Sharapova will play in October #39;s Japan Open tennis tournament, organizers said Thursday. The 17-year-old Russian, who beat two-time defending champion Serena Williams to win Wimbledon 
Eriksson Looking for Butt Deputy Sven-Goran Eriksson heralded a three-way contest for the vacant spot in Englands midfield after Nicky Butt was ruled out of this weekends opening 2006 World Cup qualifier in Austria.
NL beat: San Francisco #39;s weakness is on the mound The San Francisco Giants weren #39;t able to add a veteran starting pitcher for the September stretch drive. The last thing they needed was to have one go down.
GAME DAY RECAP Wednesday, September 01 Leslie scored a season-high 27 points and grabbed 13 rebounds Wednesday night to lead the Sparks to a 77-69 victory over the San Antonio Silver Stars.
Astros, Marlins keep pressure on Cubs The Chicago Cubs found a good way to make up for their poor hitting -- a shutdown pitching performance by Kerry Wood. Wood #39;s eight shutout innings made up for another listless performance by the Cubs #39; offense 
Mourning Contemplates a Return to the NBA New Jersey Nets center Alonzo Mourning, who underwent a kidney transplant in December, will attempt a return to the NBA. Mourning, 34, will participate in the team #39;s training camp, which begins in about a month.
France #39;s Ban on Head Scarves Put to Test PARIS Sept. 2, 2004 - France #39;s bold effort to reign in Muslim fundamentalism was put to the test Thursday, with a new law that bans students from wearing Islamic head scarves taking force with the start of the school year.
New suicide bombings shatter calm in Israel Aperiod of relative calm in Israel was shattered this week when Palestinian suicide bombers blew up two buses almost simultaneously in the southern desert city, killing at least 16 passengers and wounding more than 80.
Westinghouse Electric poised to bid two projects China and the United States are close to ending a 15-year-old dispute over nuclear technology transfers that has prevented US companies from selling nuclear reactors 
Five remain in hospital after Sasol explosion Five people remained in critical condition on Thursday, a day after a blast in a chemicals plant run by Sasol killed six and injured more than 100, amid a report that the company had flouted safety norms.
7 hostages released in Iraq; attackers hit Chalabi motorcade BAGHDAD, Iraq - A militant group in Iraq on Wednesday released seven foreign truck drivers they had held hostage for six weeks after dropping nearly all their demands for the release of prisoners and compensation for the victims of fighting.
America honoring Sikh text It was a pivotal moment. Dr. Jasbir Kang of Yuba City and more than 50 other American Sikhs stood in the White House on Aug. 18, receiving a warm welcome from the Bush administration.
Microsoft confirms MSN music intro MSN HAS introduced a  quot;preview quot; version of MSN Music in the US which allows downloading of music using Windows Media Player 10 or a web browser.
Halliburton Finds Talk of Nigerian Bribes Halliburton Co. (HAL.N: Quote, Profile, Research) , once run by Vice President Dick Cheney, said an internal probe found information suggesting that members of a consortium 
New-car sales hit brakes in August August was a dismal month for sales of new cars and trucks, with nearly every major automaker reporting a decline compared with a year ago.
Economy Continues Sluggish Expansion US manufacturing grew more slowly in August, a research group reported yesterday, adding to other signs that the economic expansion continued to lose steam in recent weeks.
Canada set to press US on softwood VANCOUVER -- Canada will step up political pressure on the US government to drop punitive duties on Canadian softwood lumber imports in the wake of a pivotal trade ruling.
Crude Oil Little Changed After Surging on US Supply Decline Crude oil futures were little changed after surging 4.5 percent yesterday, the biggest increase in two months, as the US Energy Department reported a bigger-than- expected decline in the country #39;s oil supplies.
FleetCenter name to die soon; new label uncertain Bank of America Corp. is close to a deal to put its own name on the FleetCenter, executives said yesterday. The bank surprised some in the advertising world 
Court greenlights lawsuit against HMOs The federal appeals court in Atlanta gave a big boost Wednesday to a lawsuit by nearly 900,000 doctors against the managed health care industry.
United Airlines will cut more jobs in struggle to escape &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; United Airlines said yesterday that further job cuts will be necessary as it continues slashing costs in order to get out of bankruptcy.
American Eagle plans 1st cash payout Teen clothier American Eagle Outfitters Inc. has decided to pay shareholders its first cash dividend on the heels of a solid back-to-school performance.
Textile groups call for limits US textile-trade groups said yesterday that they would pursue safeguards that target the threat of Chinese imports flooding the US market once quotas expire Jan. 1. The groups - the American 
Boeing Wins Air China #39;s Order for Seven 737 Planes (Update2) Boeing Co, the world #39;s second-biggest maker of commercial aircraft, won a \$360 million order from Air China, the country #39;s biggest overseas carrier, for seven 737-700 jetliners used in flying medium-range routes.
Owls use tool to attract food, research shows A clever species of owl baits its lair with dung to attract tasty beetles, offering a remarkable case of an animal using a tool to help it survive.
Acer unveils new management team Acer Inc, the world #39;s fifth largest PC vendor, yesterday formally unveiled its new management team, whose goal it will be to make the company one of the top three players in the industry over the next three years.
Vole gets Blu-Ray SOFTWARE LEVIATHAN Microsoft has been given the blessing by Blu-Ray for its video compression standard for new high-definition discs.
Spam shows signs of levelling off but don #39;t hold your breath It might be too early to celebrate, but according to Symantec #39;s numbers, the rate of increase of internet spam is easing a bit.
UN says Sudan failing on Darfur A new United Nations report says Sudan has not disarmed Arab militias or stopped attacks against civilians in the strife-torn Darfur region.
Equatorial Guinea suspends coup trial Authorities in Equatorial Guinea suspended indefinitely yesterday the trial in an alleged coup plot here, awaiting information 
Hosoda says veracity of Jenkins interview needs to be checked TOKYO - Japan #39;s top spokesman withheld comment Thursday on remarks accused US Army deserter Charles Jenkins made in an interview with a Hong Kong-based weekly, which hit stands the same day, about his life in North Korea.
Halliburton Finds Talk of Nigerian Bribes (Reuters) Reuters - Halliburton Co. , once run by\Vice President Dick Cheney, said an internal probe found\information suggesting that members of a consortium it helps\lead considered bribing Nigerian officials to win business.
Tokyo Stocks Edge Up, Techs Regain Ground (Reuters) Reuters - Tokyo stocks edged up on Thursday as tech\issues bounced back after their U.S counterparts made gains,\but car firms such as Honda Motor Co. Ltd. were a bit lower,\hurt by a fall in U.S. industry sales for August.
Dallas rally shocks Seattle The rookie had 198 rushing yards and three touchdowns, helping Dallas erase a 10-point deficit with less than 3 minutes to play as the Cowboys stunned the Seattle Seahawks 43-39 on Monday night.
US Airways Pilots May Be Near Pay Pact (Reuters) Reuters - US Airways Group Inc.'s pilots union\said on Wednesday it may agree this week on a plan to cut wages\and benefits to help the seventh-biggest U.S. airline avoid a\second bankruptcy filing.
Hague Court Imposes Defense Counsel on Milosevic (Reuters) Reuters - Judges at The Hague tribunal on\Thursday imposed a defense counsel on former Yugoslav President\Slobodan Milosevic to avoid further delays in his war crimes\trial.
Rx Depot Co-Founder Has New Online Venture (AP) AP - The co-founder of an Oklahoma prescription drug service shut down for violating federal drug importation laws has a new company providing discounted medicines over the Internet.
ASEAN ministers begin talks on economic integration (AFP) AFP - Southeast Asian economic ministers began talks to discuss ways to speed up economic integration and free trade in an effort to move closer to establishing a regional economic community.
Man Runs Onto Court at Davis Cup Final Security men struggle with an a spectator, center, who stormed the tennis court during the Davis Cup final match between Spanish Carlos Moya and American Andy Roddick in Seville, Spain, Sunday, Dec. 5, 2004.
Kidnapped French Journalists' Fate Unknown (AP) AP - The managing editor of France's Le Figaro newspaper told a radio station Thursday that two French journalists held hostage in Iraq were still believed alive, even after militants' deadline passed for Paris to overturn a law banning Islamic head scarves or see the pair killed.
Colombia Looks to Build Drug Crime Museum (AP) AP - A sprawling hacienda once owned by Pablo Escobar, emblematic of the drug lord's excesses, may soon house a museum highlighting the evils of drug trafficking, a top Colombian official said.
Clampdown Risk Worries China's Online Game Firms (Reuters) Reuters - China's online games industry fears it\could be in line for a clampdown similar to one hurting\providers of mobile messaging services.
E-Commerce Site Buys Into New Oracle Software (TechWeb) TechWeb - Overstock.com is able to shift work among clusters with Oracle's 10g database.
IBM, Intel to Open eServer Blade Designs (Ziff Davis) Ziff Davis - In an effort to seed the market for future designs, the companies plan to provide the specifications for the BladeCenter switching framework, the blade adapter framework and the design of the blade itself.
Australian opposition makes interest rate pledge to key "mortgage belt" (AFP) AFP - Australia's opposition party chief signed an unusual public pledge to keep interest rates down if he wins the October 9 general election, declaring the issue "personal".
Dyslexia Not the Same in Every Culture (AP) AP - With 6,000 characters to memorize, Westerners shudder at the idea reading even the most basic street signs and instructions in Chinese. A new set of brain images shows why: Reading English-style alphabets and Chinese characters use very different parts of the brain.
Scientists to Study N.Y. Organic Farmers (AP) AP - Cornell researchers will watch five upstate New York dairy herds to learn about the problems and challenges of converting from conventional to organic farming.
US Airways Pilots May Be Near Pay Pact  NEW YORK (Reuters) - US Airways Group Inc.'s pilots union  said on Wednesday it may agree this week on a plan to cut wages  and benefits to help the seventh-biggest U.S. airline avoid a  second bankruptcy filing.
Oil Holds at \$44 After Sharp Crude Draw  LONDON (Reuters) - World oil prices stood firm on Thursday,  holding onto near-\$2 per barrel gains made the previous session  when U.S. inventory data showed commercial crude stocks falling  to their lowest in five months.
U.N. Tribunal Convicts Bosnian Serb (AP) AP - The Yugoslav war crimes tribunal convicted a high-ranking Bosnian Serb leader Wednesday of torture, deportation, and other crimes against Bosnian Muslims and Bosnian Croats, but acquitted him of genocide. He was sentenced to 32 years in prison.
Hopes Pinned on Talks in Russia Hostage Drama  BESLAN, Russia (Reuters) - A prominent doctor negotiated on  Thursday with gunmen holding hundreds of children, parents and  teachers for a second day under threat of death in a school  near Russia's rebel Chechnya region.
Bangladesh Hangs Two Ex-Policemen for Rape, Murder  DHAKA (Reuters) - Two former policemen convicted of the  rape and killing of a teenager were executed by hanging in a  north Bangladesh jail early on Thursday.
Apple unveils  #39;skinny #39; iMac G5 Apple Computer #39;s marketing chief Phil Schiller unveiled the newest version of the popular iMac at the Apple Expo in Paris on Tuesday.
Is  quot;IBMtel quot; the Next Winning Combo? On Sept. 2, IBM (IBM ) and Intel (INTC ) made a strategic move to put themselves at the center of the small but budding computer-hardware industry known as blade servers.
MS Portable Media Centers to ship mid-Sept Creative Technology will today begin shipping its anticipated Zen Portable Media Center in the US, with a UK roll-out in the middle of the month.
Philly goes Wi-Fi crazy The grand city of Philadelphia unveiled today an ambitious plan to coat the city with Wi-Fi, using a mix of public and private funds to provide the service.
Dyslexia Not the Same in Every Culture With 6,000 characters to memorize, Westerners shudder at the idea reading even the most basic street signs and instructions in Chinese.
Taiwan #39;s Acer Reshuffles Its Leadership TAIPEI, Taiwan - Taiwanese high-tech giant Acer Inc. on Wednesday announced a leadership reshuffle and the retirement of Stan Shih _ the company #39;s founder and a major figure in Taiwan #39;s bid to dominate the personal computer industry.
Acclaim Goes Down Like a Hooker With Rent Bills Acclaim Entertainment, the maker of such popular 1990s video games as Mortal Kombat and Turok: Dinosaur Hunter and once one of Long Island #39;s largest public companies, filed for Chapter 7 bankruptcy 
Appeals court slams garage door DMCA claim A federal appeals court on Tuesday ruled that the maker of a universal garage door remote did not violate the anti-circumvention provisions of the DMCA, putting the brakes on one of the more adventuresome interpretations of the controversial copyright law 
Dollar Near Lows on Players' Data Nerves  TOKYO (Reuters) - The dollar barely moved off recent lows  on Thursday after soft manufacturing data left traders nervous  of building positions ahead of U.S. jobs data later in the  week.
Like song says, Yanks get going Alex Rodriguez is generally so wound up after a game that when the Yankees play at home, he goes back to his apartment in Manhattan and watches a re-broadcast of the game on television.
Federer struggles at Open; Hewitt eases into second round Flushing Meadows, NY (Sports Network) - World No. 1 Roger Federer struggled in his second-round match against little-known Marcos Baghdatis, but pulled out a four-set win Wednesday.
Fallon in the clear Solicitors acting for Kieren Fallon said last night they expect the six-times champion jockey to be cleared of any allegations of race-fixing following his arrest yesterday.
Rooney: I #39;ll be doing it my way MANCHESTER UNITED new boy Wayne Rooney has insisted he does not need the advice of his new team-mates on how to behave. Rooney signed a 27m deal with the Old Trafford outfit on Tuesday to become Britain #39;s costliest teenage footballer.
Tough loss for Storm as they struggle without Jackson She often wears an oval-shaped, blue-hued necklace with a fluttering fairy painted on the front. Storm forward Lauren Jackson said it was a gift from her mother, something to watch over Lauren while they were separated.
Early runs puts Webb on Easy St. Brandon Webb found himself in the strangest of positions on Wednesday night, protecting a 3-0 lead against the Dodgers after just three innings.
Notebook: Hurricane might disrupt Canes Host Miami and Florida State might have to wait several extra days before playing their season opener. School officials were strongly considering postponing the game five days from Monday to Sept.
Bush Envoy Defends U.N. Against Schwarzenegger  UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - President Bush's ambassador to  the United Nations defended the world body on Wednesday, after  California Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger said the United States,  not the U.N., was best for democracy.
China Holds Brothers for Grisly Killing of 12  BEIJING (Reuters) - Chinese police have detained two  brothers who killed 12 people, most of them women working in  nightclubs and bath houses whom they robbed and dismembered in  a 15-month spree, a newspaper said on Thursday.
Infineon executives fined; jail term for price fixing NEW YORK, December 6 (newratings.com) - The US Department of Justice has imposed steep fines and announced jail terms for four senior executives of Infineon Technologies (IFX.
Could Apple Blow Its iPod Lead? Rivals are stalking its consumer-electronics star, and history shows its strategy still has old weaknesses. But catching Jobs  amp; Co.
NL Wrap: Baseball-Cubs Edge Expos to Maintain Wild-Card Pace  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The Chicago Cubs registered an  important victory in their battle for the National League  wild-card berth, edging out the Expos 2-1 over 11 innings in  Montreal Wednesday.
IBM And Intel To Open Access To BladeCenter Specs The move will make it easier for third-party hardware and software providers to create BladeCenter-compatible products, giving the server-blade market a boost.
Who #39;s calling? It might not be who you think it is A start-up began offering a technology Wednesday that can spoof a caller ID number, potentially opening the door to telemarketing calls that seem to be coming from a relative or a different company.
Acer appoints Italian as new president Taiwan #39;s flagship PC company Acer Inc. has announced it will have a foreigner serving as president starting 2005, a bold change for a 28-year-old Taiwanese brand that is roaring its way across multiple geographies and cultures.
Acclaim Entertainment to liquidate in bankruptcy Acclaim Entertainment Inc., maker of video games such as  quot;Showdown: Legends of Wrestling, quot; filed for bankruptcy and will liquidate its assets after failing to obtain a loan to pay employees and other expenses.
Business Digest Microsoft Corp. said it is cutting a net total of 49 jobs from its Windows Server division as part of a shift to more automated software testing and changes in the way it produces technical documents.
Even in victory, Bryant #39;s a loser He has torn apart his team, his life and the world that revolves around him. Now that the latest bullet has whizzed past Kobe Bryant #39;s head, you have to wonder if he can see the smoldering ruins of what he #39;s left behind.
AL Wrap: Yankees Bounce Back to Maintain Lead Over Boston  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The New York Yankees rebounded from  their worst ever defeat to register a 5-3 victory over the  Cleveland Indians in American League action Wednesday.
UPDATE: Malaysian Stock Mkt Rebounds On Anwar Release KUALA LUMPUR (Dow Jones)--Malaysian shares rebounded Thursday after the country #39;s high court overturned the sodomy conviction of former deputy prime minister Anwar Ibrahim and released him from prison.
Jenkins faced N. Korean pressure before Koizumi meeting Charles Robert Jenkins, the husband of former abductee Hitomi Soga, was pressured by North Korean officials to refuse Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi #39;s invitation to go with him to Japan, an interview has revealed.
Israelis accuse Syrians of harboring Hamas Israeli officials pointed an accusing finger at Syria yesterday after two Palestinian suicide bombers killed 16 people and wounded scores more in the first such attack in Israel in more than five months.
China, US near end to nuclear technology dispute China and the United States are close to resolving a long dispute over the transfer of nuclear technology, paving the way for US companies to sell nuclear reactors to China in transactions that may be worth billions of dollars, the 
US drafts resolution demanding Syrian withdrawal from Lebanon The United States has circulated a draft resolution to other Security Council members demanding that Syrian forces withdraw  quot;without delay quot; from Lebanon.
Gunmen fire on Chalabi convoy On Wednesday, gunmen fired at a convoy carrying Ahmad Chalabi, a former Iraq Governing Council member and one-time US ally, wounding two of his bodyguards.
S Korea in 'rogue' nuclear trials The BBC is told that South Korean scientists engaged in secret, illegal experiments to enrich nuclear fuel.
Time on Jones #39;s side Even if indicted BALCO chief Victor Conte has the doping goods on sprinter Marion Jones, it #39;s unclear whether the International Olympic Committee can revoke the five medals she won in Sydney in 2000.
Firm says stent won back share of market Boston Scientific Corp. said yesterday it has won back the market share that its flagship cardiac stent system held before three safety recalls reduced doctors' orders of the product.
Councilor envisions citywide wireless Web access Councilor John M. Tobin Jr. envisions a Boston Utopia, with greater public spirit and a more robust sense of community. And he says he knows how to achieve it: WiFi.
GM, Ford sales decline DETROIT -- General Motors Corp. and Ford Motor Co. reported disappointing US sales yesterday, prompting the nation's two largest automakers to cut planned vehicle production in the fourth quarter, which could hurt profits.
United ready to cut more jobs United Airlines is poised to make more reductions in its work force -- already 40 percent smaller than it was before the 2001 terrorist attacks. The second-biggest US airline confirmed job cuts will be part of its plan to get out of bankruptcy.
US urged to probe Northwest Airlines fees The Justice Department is being asked to investigate new Northwest Airlines fees that added \$7.50 to the cost of a round-trip ticket purchased through systems used by travel agents.
Philadelphia looks to become one big hot spot For about \$10 million, city officials believe they can turn all 135 square miles of Philadelphia into the world's largest wireless Internet hot spot.
Widening market share in data storage EMC Corp. widened its lead as the world's top seller of data storage computers over Hewlett-Packard Co. and International Business Machines Corp. in the second quarter, researcher Gartner Inc. said. In the second quarter, EMC's sales of the machines that organize and retrieve data rose to 23.1 percent of the worldwide market, or \$745.6 million, from 20.6 percent a year ...
Can MSN music unseat iTunes? The software giant quietly raised the curtain for its MSN Music Web site, which offers song downloads for 99 cents. The store also has a home in Windows Media Player 10, which is slated to launch on Thursday.
Black aide attacks Hollinger report DAVID Radler, former chief operating officer of Hollinger International and right-hand man to Lord Black, has savaged the special report that claimed they had  #39;looted #39; the publishing company of more than \$400m (223m.
US Airways, pilots say they #39;re close to a deal on cutting wages US Airways Group Inc. and its pilots union said they may agree by today on a plan to cut \$295 million in wages and benefits to help the carrier avoid a second bankruptcy filing.
Signs hint at a healthier job market After job growth skidded nearly to a halt in June and July, signs are emerging that companies are ready to jump-start hiring and might already be expanding their payrolls at a faster pace.
Slower Pub Sales Hit Whitbread Shares in Whitbread weakened 3 today after it said slower sales in its pub restaurants and upmarket hotels had offset rising demand for budget lodges.
United sees \$625M in broad cuts United Airlines, denied federal money to help it emerge from bankruptcy and squeezed for cash, plans at least \$625 million in cost cutting, top company officials told employees.
Open Text plummets on profit warning, analysts slashing targets Open Text Corp. shares plunged to their lowest in more than a year yesterday after the business software maker warned that profit in the current quarter will fall short of forecasts and analysts 
US Airways, pilots say they're close to a deal on cutting wages US Airways Group Inc. and its pilots union said they may agree by today on a plan to cut \$295 million in wages and benefits to help the carrier avoid a second bankruptcy filing.
Rounding into form A word about Angels in the outfield, and we're not talking about the Hollywood original with Paul Douglas and Keenan Wynn, or the remake with Christopher Lloyd and Danny Glover. This is about the Anaheim fly-chasers, the ones who have not had a moment's peace since alighting on the Fens.
Alternative for dental sedation \Dentists develop an alternative sedation procedure to potentially risky general anaesthetic.
AL East race now a chase Imagine the satisfaction around these parts if the chant suddenly is true. Maybe it's no longer just the jealous, seventh-grade,  quot;you're fat-you're ugly quot; taunting. Maybe it's reality. Finally.
EBay to boost stake in South Korean firm EBay Inc., which has been aggressively expanding in Asia, plans to increase its stake in South Korea's largest online auction company.
Aim is to make most of final shot That night seven years ago, Michael Jennings might not have taken a spot on the Patriots' roster if it had been given to him.
Outside influence They came -- like they always do on a Saturday afternoon in April -- to see the state of the nation. Only this time, it was different.
Judge refuses lower Jackson bail A judge in the Michael Jackson child molestation case refuses to reduce the singer's \$3m (1.67m) bail.
His play is not out of left field Underrated. That was the word Anaheim manager Mike Scioscia used to describe left fielder Jose Guillen. For a player who has faced more than his share of doubters with more than his share of teams (Pittsburgh, Tampa Bay, Arizona, Cincinnati, Oakland) during his eight-year career, it was welcome praise. Tough to imagine, but true for a player batting .302 with ...
Militants hold scores of students, teachers MOSCOW -- Militants wearing suicide-bomb belts seized a school in southern Russia and took scores of children, parents, and teachers hostage early yesterday, threatening to blow up the building if government troops tried to storm it.
Iraqi legislature convenes for first time BAGHDAD -- Iraq's interim legislature convened yesterday for the first time, walled off behind US tanks as mortar rounds hit close to its meeting place.
NL notables The Cubs , who are scheduled to begin a three-game series in Miami tomorrow, returned to Chicago to await a decision from government officials, who will determine whether tomorrow night's game will be postponed because of Hurricane Frances.
You can start thinking about Yankees for '05 The Red Sox will play their 2005 season opener against the Yankees in New York April 4, then open their home schedule against the Yankees April 12, according to the preliminary schedule recently distributed to the 30 major league teams and union officials. The teams also are scheduled to end the regular season with a four-game series at Fenway Park ...
Two Qaeda arrests in Pakistan ISLAMABAD, Pakistan -- Pakistani security forces have arrested two  quot;important quot; Al Qaeda operatives, an Egyptian and a Saudi national, officials said yesterday.
Jets give QB \$64m extension Chad Pennington agreed to a \$64 million, seven-year contract extension with the New York Jets yesterday that includes \$23 million in guaranteed money.
US aims to seek UN sanctions against Iran, Powell says WASHINGTON -- Secretary of State Colin L. Powell said yesterday the United States wants UN sanctions imposed on Iran after the Bush administration concluded the country is on the verge of enriching enough uranium for four nuclear weapons.
Canada, Sweden get home guarantees Ryan Smyth scored two goals to lead Canada to a 5-1 victory over Slovakia in the World Cup of Hockey last night in Montreal.
Amid protests, Fox touts successes Mexico leader tries to reassure nation MEXICO CITY -- Amid a welter of mass demonstrations and political conflicts, President Vicente Fox used his annual state-of-the-union address yesterday to try to assure Mexicans that their raucous, evolving democracy is on the right path.
Annan says Sudan hasn't halted attacks on civilians in Darfur UNITED NATIONS -- UN Secretary General Kofi Annan said yesterday that Sudan's government has not stopped attacks on  quot;terrorized and traumatized quot; civilians in its Darfur region and urged the speedy deployment of an expanded international peacekeeping force.
Health benefits, concern surface in study of farm-raised fish MUNICH -- The heart health benefits from fish like salmon and mackerel seem to be weakened when farm-raised fish are fed vegetable oil instead of fish oil, new research indicates.
Right on course He will tell you the story because it embodies so much of who he is and where he came from. There is no denying he became hooked on golf at an early age -- 7 to be precise -- and that he was a genuine phenom and that he could never get enough of it.  quot;I was very ...
Clark is all business on, off course In the Deutsche Bank field of 156 golfers, many are well-known, but a lot are far removed from the spotlight. Meet another of those unheralded golfers -- South African Tim Clark.
Chip shots BREADWINNER: There were 18 groups in Monday's pro-am at TPC Boston in Norton whose contributions benefited the Red Sox Foundation, but few had a better story than the one that included three generations of the Thumann family -- Henry Thumann, the 90-year-old founder of the deli meats company based in New Jersey, Robert Burke, and Robert Burke Jr. Thumann's used ...
Cheney and G.O.P. Mount Vigorous Assault on Kerry Vice President Dick Cheney said that the nation's fundamental security was at stake in the presidential election.
Tactics by Police Mute the Protesters, and Their Messages New York police have developed a pre-emptive strike policy, cutting off demonstrations before they grow large.
Keeping score around New England PROS Stow man Jacques Panet-Raymond , who directs the golf schools at Stow Acres CC, shot 4-under 68 to win a NEPGA pro-member at Kernwood CC in Salem. The annual NEPGA Assistants Pro-Pro Match-Play Championship is down to four teams after a day of competition at Bass Rocks GC in Gloucester. Brian Owens (North Kingstown) and Dan Dwyer of the ...
Dual County League capsules ACTON-BOXBORO Coach: Bill Maver (19th year, 141-50-1). Last year's record: 13-0. Returning starters (8): Bobby Abare, RB/LB, 6-1, 200, Sr.; Larry Abare, RB/S, 6-1, 200, Sr.; Nate Crutchfield, FB/NG, 5-9, 205, Sr.; Ben Larkins, OT, 6-2, 225, Sr.; Pete Rankis, TE, 5-11, 185, Sr.; Andrew Sides, TE/DE, 6-1, 190, Sr.; Joey O'Brien, DE, 5-7, 175, Sr.; Dave Crocker, CB, 5-10, ...
Bay State Carey capsules BRAINTREE Coach: Bill O'Connell (second year). Last year's record: 6-5. Returning starters (7): Steve Arki, FB-LB, 5-11, 185, Sr.; Joe Burbank, WR-DB, 5-10, 170, Sr.; Zach Clark, OL, 6-0, 180, Sr.; Andrew Dominguez, QB-DB, 5-9, 170, Sr.; Pat McGrail, WR-DB, 6-3, 200, Sr.; Dave Wall, WR-DB, 5-11, 160, Sr.; Craig Whitney, OL-DL, 5-8, 190, Jr. Returning lettermen: Too many to ...
Dyslexia Not the Same in Every Culture With 6,000 characters to memorize, Westerners shudder at the idea reading even the most basic street signs and instructions in Chinese. A new set of brain images shows why: Reading English-style alphabets and Chinese characters use very different parts of the brain...
Ferreira was a major headache at big ones Maybe a morbid thought, but wouldn't this be a fitting epitaph on Wayne Ferreira's tombstone:
Bush Ready to Accept GOP Nomination NEW YORK - President Bush was reaching out to Americans to keep him on the job, recalling the Sept. 11, 2001, terror attacks "when one era ended and another began," and offering himself as a resolute wartime commander in chief with ambitious plans for a second term...
As Frances Nears, Fla. Urges Evacuations MIAMI - Nearly a half-million people were ordered to evacuate as Hurricane Frances swirled toward Florida on Wednesday just weeks after Charley's devastating visit, threatening to deliver the most powerful one-two punch to hit a state in at least a century.    Those planning to ride out the storm snapped up canned food, water and generators, while military helicopters and planes were flown out of the area and Cape Canaveral's Kennedy Space Center said it would close on Thursday...
Official: 16 Killed in Russian Crisis BESLAN, Russia - Armed militants with explosives strapped to their bodies stormed a Russian school in a region bordering Chechnya on Wednesday, corralling hundreds of hostages - many of them children - into a gymnasium and threatening to blow up the building if surrounding Russian troops attacked.    Casualty reports varied widely...
Calif. Horse Country Wary of West Nile NORCO, Calif. - Rowdy, a 4-year-old horse, got sick after splashing through the Santa Ana River on a training ride...
NASA is trying to reduce the size of liftoff debris NASA is relying on an overhaul of the space shuttle #39;s towering external fuel tank to eliminate dangerous debris that triggered the fatal breakup of Columbia nearly two years ago, space agency officials said Monday.
Canada Romps Ryan Smyth scored two goals to lead Canada to a 5-1 victory over Slovakia on Wednesday night in the World Cup of Hockey.
Twins Roll Rangers Terry Tiffee hits a go-ahead two-run double in his major league debut as the Twins edge out a dramatic 4-2 victory over the Texas Rangers.
Microsoft launches iTunes rival Software giant Microsoft unveils its MSN Music music download service to rival Apple's iTunes and others.
Earths May Not Be Far Behind The race to find distant new Earths heated up considerably yesterday with the detection of two of the smallest planets ever detected outside the Solar System.
Dual cores to lead Intel show Get your blue golf shirt on. The Intel Developer Forum is back. Servers a central focus.
Sharman Networks use Weedshare to establish in Australian Court &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; SYDNEY, Australia (Todd Macalpine/ OZMUSICWEED / www.ozmusicweed.com) - Ozmusicweed, the first Australian Weedshare site (http://www.
Three Minutes With Mark Cuban The outspoken owner of the Dallas Mavericks talks about the future of high-definition TV.
Should Your Next PC Be a Workstation? Despite sub-\$1000 prices, the answer still depends on what apps you run.
Sneaky Sharing Despite well-publicized wins by piracy foes, illegal digital music and movie trading continues to flourish in underground havens.
Microsoft unveils digital music service LOS ANGELES (CBS.MW) - Microsoft launched a preview version of its new service for downloading digital music late Wednesday, placing it squarely in competition with Apple #39;s rival iTunes music service.
US Auto Sales Decline 12; Chrysler Gains Share (Update1) US auto sales declined 12 percent to 1.43 million vehicles in August, as near-record gasoline prices hurt demand. The six largest automakers all had sales drops for the first time in almost two years.
IHS Energy acquires Yergin #39;s Cambridge Energy Research IHS Energy, which provides maps and technical databases to oil and natural-gas producers, acquired Cambridge Energy Research Associates, the consulting company 
United Airlines plans job cuts CHICAGO -- United Airlines said yesterday further job cuts will be necessary as it continues slashing costs to get out of bankruptcy.
SP2 plays havoc with online banking St.George Bank may be forced to make changes to its online banking interface as adoption of Windows XP Service Pack 2 becomes widespread among consumers.
Philadelphia is at forefront of wireless for all For about \$10 million, city officials believe they can turn all 135 square miles of Philadelphia into the world #39;s largest wireless Internet hot spot.
IBM teams with Honda on voice-driven car navigation IBM said on Wednesday that it has jointly developed with Honda Motor Company a hands-free, voiced-commanded and real-time car navigation system.
Taylor: Wayne #39;s leading the way England Under-21 coach Peter Taylor hailed Wayne Rooney as the standard-bearer for a new generation of domestic talent. Taylor believes it is up to the country #39;s other best young players to follow Rooney #39;s lead.
Rockies keep Bonds stuck at 696 Even Barry Bonds can #39;t belt home runs if he doesn #39;t get any pitches to hit. The Giants #39; left-handed slugger remained stuck on 696 for the second consecutive evening 
Sox figure out how to get A #39;s If general manager Ken Williams has his wish, next season will be void of the fifth-starter conundrum the White Sox seem to be undertaking on a daily basis.
Goalkeeper change grabs Fire #39;s attention The Fire no longer has the worst record in Major League Soccer. In fact, the struggling club #39;s playoff hopes brightened considerably after Wednesday #39;s 3-1 win over the Western Conference-leading Kansas City Wizards before 7,723 at Soldier Field.
Jets ink Pennington to extension The New York Jets on Wednesday announced they have signed quarterback Chad Pennington to a contract extension. Pennington current contract expires after the 2004 season, and the Jets didn #39;t want to wait until 
National League Game Summary - Los Angeles at Arizona Arizona leftfielder Quinton McCracken left the game with a strained right groin after chasing after a foul ball in the first inning...Bautista extended his hitting streak to eight games...Los Angeles first baseman Hee-Seop Choi is mired in an 0-for-12 
UM opener at Orange Bowl might be shifted to Sept. 11 School officials, including UM President Donna Shalala and FSU #39;s TK Wetherell, will talk with ACC and ABC-TV officials today and likely make a decision about postponing the season opener at the Orange Bowl.
Accused US Deserter to Turn Himself In Accused US Army deserter Charles Jenkins said Wednesday he will surrender to the United States to face charges that have dogged him since he vanished from his unit in South Korea 
China to rely more on nuclear power Beijing - China planned to boost the development of its nuclear power industry to help meet its growing need for electricity as it made a strategic shift in focus away from coal, an official said yesterday.
Paris cedes control of telephone company PARIS The French government formally ceded control of France Tlcom on Wednesday as it began the sale of up to E5.8 billion of shares in the second-largest European phone company.
Putin postpones trip to Turkey amid hostage crisis Russian President Vladimir Putin has postponed his planned visit to Turkey amid the hostage crisis at a school in southern Russia, the Kremlin said Thursday.
North Korean Defectors intrude into Japanese School in Beijing It has been learned that 29 North Korean defectors intruded into a Japanese school in Beijing on Wednesday. A source in Beijing who is familiar with information on North Korea said about 30 North Korean defectors 
Judge rules against apartment giant A Palm Beach County judge has ruled that approximately 4,500 Florida residents are entitled to \$1.6 million in damages from one of the nation #39;s largest apartment complex owners, which 
Hydrogen Fuel Closer to Fruition Finding a cheap way to produce hydrogen fuel has been something of a Holy Grail to energy researchers for years. Recently, teams across the world announced advances, but observers say some promises are running ahead of results. By Daith  hAnluain.
Is That Jobs in Your Pocket? Apple's CEO may be on sick leave, but a diminutive Steve Jobs doll is busy traveling the world like a kidnapped garden gnome, spreading the message of Mac unity. By Leander Kahney.
AUTO INDUSTRY REPORT: Hummer probe likely General Motors Corp. faces an investigation and potential recall of 69,000 Hummer H2 luxury sport-utility vehicles because of reports about a flawed steering part.
Feds Hunt Source of GOP Data When contact info for Republican delegates got posted on the web, the Department of Justice subpoenaed an ISP, but now seems to be backing off. Ann Harrison reports from New York.
Finally, a Car That Talks Back Those too proud to ask another person for directions have a new option. This fall, Honda will release two cars that let drivers ask directions and receive a spoken response from their vehicle. By John Gartner.
Florida Vote Is Calm, for Once A strange thing happened in Florida this week. A primary election took place, and observers found few reasons to complain or question the results. But some say November's national election may be a different story. By Jacob Ogles.
Let a Thousand Reactors Bloom Explosive growth has made the People's Republic of China the most power-hungry nation on Earth. Get ready for the mass-produced, meltdown-proof future of nuclear energy. By Spencer Reiss from Wired magazine.
Permanent Lenses in Sight Positive study results on a new implantable contact lens show that the surgery can help even those with Coke-bottle glasses. By Kristen Philipkoski.
Radiation Is Questioned in Breast Cancer Surgery After Age 70 Radiation treatments routinely given after surgery to remove small breast tumors may not be necessary for women over age 70 if they are taking the cancer drug tamoxifen.
Sorry, E.T., but Parcel Post May Beat Phoning Home A physicist and an electrical engineer claim it is more efficient to send a long message as a physical package, a cosmic FedEx, than as radio wave or laser pulse.
Red Sox Win 8th Straight, Pressure Yankees (AP) AP - Johnny Damon and the Boston Red Sox are putting pressure on the New York Yankees and pulling away from everybody else. Kevin Millar homered and drove in four runs, Damon had four of Boston's 16 hits, and the streaking Red Sox beat the Anaheim Angels 12-7 Wednesday night at Fenway Park for their eighth consecutive victory and 14th in 15 games.
Astros, Marlins Keep Pressure on Cubs (AP) AP - The Chicago Cubs found a good way to make up for their poor hitting  #151; a shutdown pitching performance by Kerry Wood. Wood's eight shutout innings made up for another listless performance by the Cubs' offense and gave Chicago the lead in the National League wild-card race.
Jets QB Pennington Signs  #36;64M Extension (AP) AP - Chad Pennington agreed to a  #36;64 million, seven-year contract extension with the New York Jets on Wednesday that includes  #36;23 million in guaranteed money.
El Duque Restores Order in the Bronx (AP) AP - Orlando Hernandez was one of the few people in New York unaware of the final score of the historic rout the Cleveland Indians handed the Yankees.
Fire Beat Wizards 3-1 in MLS (AP) AP - Andy Williams and Justin Mapp each had a goal and two assists, leading the Chicago Fire to a 3-1 victory over the Kansas City Wizards in an MLS game Wednesday night.
Pfizer, Alcoa, Verizon, Intel are cut; oil back near \$43 NEW YORK (CBS.MW) -- Big gains in technology stocks helped the Nasdaq close Monday just shy of its high for the year, but the Dow Jones Industrial Average finished in the red after a spate of brokerage downgrades.
Force ruled out in Russian siege Russian authorities say they will not use force to rescue hundreds of hostages held in a school in North Ossetia.
Report details ways it says Black, Radler took Hollinger Int #39;l &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; A new report alleges a handful of top executives at Hollinger International -- which owns the Chicago Sun-Times -- took \$400 million of the company #39;s money.
IHS ENERGY acquiert Cambridge Energy Research Associates (CERA) HOUSTON--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Sept. 1, 2004-- L #39;operazione crea una centrale globale per l #39;analisi strategica el #39;approfondimento del settore energetico IHS Energy, fonte globale leader di software, analisi e informazioni 
Finally, a Car That Talks Back The geographically challenged need no longer feel shame. Men (and women) who lose their way will be able to safely ask for directions without having to stop (gasp) at a gas station.
Bryant prosecution troubled from Day 1 one of the richest and most recognizable basketball players in the world, an exclusive resort, an admiring young woman, an alleged rape.
Cubs scratch out a win MONTREAL -- If this were gymnastics, the Cubs would get low scores from the judges for awkward form at times in Wednesday night #39;s 2-1 victory in 11 innings over the Montreal Expos.
Al-Qaida  #39;explosive expert #39; caught in Pakistan came from Iran &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; A suspected al-Qaida operative who was captured along with another man during raids in this southwestern city is an  quot;explosives expert quot; who had arrived here from Iran, a security official said Thursday.
German joblessness rises again in August (AFP) AFP - The number of people looking for work in Germany rose in August, as the modest economic recovery was not enough to create any new jobs in the eurozone's biggest economy, official data showed.
Dollar Near Recent Lows on Data Jitters  LONDON (Reuters) - The dollar hovered around recent  one-week lows against the euro and Swiss franc on Thursday as  investors grew cautious Friday's U.S. jobs data might add to  recent weak U.S. data and cloud the interest rate outlook.
Hewitt Shines, Serena Dazzles at US Open Brimming with confidence, former champion Lleyton Hewitt looked every bit the tour #39;s hottest player on Wednesday as kicked off his US Open campaign with a 6-1, 7-5, 6-4 
Milosevic condemns his war crimes trial The Hague - Former Yugoslav president Slobodan Milosevic condemned his war crimes trial as a  quot;pure farce quot; on Wednesday in a defiant finish to his opening defence statement against charges of ethnic cleansing in the Balkans.
Malaysia court overturns Anwar sodomy ruling years in jail, overturning his conviction for sodomy in a shock ruling expected to win support for the new prime minister. freedom to urge the country #39;s recently installed prime minister to drive harder on reform.
 #39;Patience helped in freeing hostages #39; The three Indian truckers held hostage in Iraq for over 42 days were released yesterday and will be back in India on Friday morning.
Fate of 29 refugees who rushed Japanese school in China undecided BEIJING : The fate of 29 refugees who rushed a Japanese school in Beijing hung in the balance as Japanese consular officials interviewed them to find out who they were and what they wanted.
Pakistani among 3 Killed in Jeddah Stampede JEDDAH (Saudi Arabia): Three people, including a Pakistani national, were killed and 17 injured in a stampede at the showroom of a Swedish furniture store in Jeddah on Wednesday.
Win-Win Situation EAGLE, Colo., Sept. 2, 2004 - The dismissal of the sexual assault charge against Kobe Bryant and his subsequent apology to the young woman who brought the case gave all parties a slice of victory.
Bailed jockeys back in saddle Champion jockey Kieren Fallon and colleagues Fergal Lynch and Darren Williams are due back in action after their arrests over allegations of race-fixing.
Malaysia Rebel Politician Anwar Free, Urges Reform (Reuters) Reuters - Malaysia's highest court\freed rebel politician Anwar Ibrahim from almost six years in\jail on Thursday, overturning his conviction for sodomy in a\shock ruling expected to win support for the new prime\minister.
Watchdog Probes S. Korean Nuke Experiment (AP) AP - The U.N. nuclear watchdog is investigating a secret nuclear fuel experiment that South Korean scientists conducted four years ago, the country's science agency said Thursday.
Malaysia Rebel Politician Anwar Free, Urges Reform  PUTRAJAYA, Malaysia (Reuters) - Malaysia's highest court  freed rebel politician Anwar Ibrahim from almost six years in  jail on Thursday, overturning his conviction for sodomy in a  shock ruling expected to win support for the new prime  minister.
Microsoft makes mobile media push Microsoft has unveiled a series of handheld gadgets that can replay audio, movies and TV shows.
Microsoft launches Portable Media Center in the UK Microsoft has finally announced that it will start shipping its Portable Media Center addition which will allow players like the Creative Zen to go on sale in the coming weeks.
Service pack 2: It #39;s in the mail Japanese consumers will be spared the agony of downloading Microsoft #39;s internet connection throttling Service Pack 2 -- they #39;ll be able to pick up a free CD containing the software at their local post office.
Fallon due to ride again today Champion jockey Kieren Fallon is due back in the saddle at Salisbury today, after his arrest yesterday in connection with a race-fixing probe.
Federer has to work for second win It did not look like No. 1 vs. No. 240 at Arthur Ashe Stadium last night. Roger Federer may have expected to cruise in his first night match of this year #39;s US Open, but he got all 
Cole tells Eriksson he is England #39;s solution to troublesome left &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; FILLING the problematic left side of the England midfield is again occupying the mind of manager Sven Goran Eriksson this week as he prepares for the opening 2006 World Cup qualifying match in Austria.
Russian school siege: Your reaction Russian authorities are trying to negotiate with the armed group holding at least 200 hostages, many of them children. The heavily armed militants stormed the school in Beslan on Wednesday and are demanding 
US-French resolution on Lebanese sovereignty to go to vote &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; UNITED NATIONS : The UN Security Council is expected to vote on a draft resolution presented by France and the United States calling for respect for Lebanon #39;s sovereignty, the US ambassador here said.
Russian Hostage-Takers Free 26 Children, Women  BESLAN, Russia (Reuters) - President Vladimir Putin vowed  Thursday to do all he could to save hundreds of children,  parents and teachers held under threat of death by gunmen for a  second day at a Russian school near rebel Chechnya.
French Hostages Said Alive, Headscarf Ban Enforced  BAGHDAD/PARIS (Reuters) - A French Muslim delegation in  Iraq said Thursday they had proof that two French hostages held  by Islamic militants were alive, even though France refused to  lift a ban on Muslim headscarves as the school year began.
US Deserter Leaves Army Base for New Life in Japan  SADO ISLAND, Japan (Reuters) - A former U.S. army sergeant  who deserted to North Korea four decades ago left a U.S.  military base near Tokyo on Tuesday to head for a new life with  his family in his Japanese wife's home town.
Israel Destroys Dozens of Palestinian Homes in Gaza  NURIA, Gaza Strip (Reuters) - Israeli forces blew up two  large apartment blocks in the Gaza Strip Thursday, making  scores of Palestinians homeless after suicide bombers killed 16  people in Israel.
Palestinian Prisoners End Hunger Strike  GAZA (Reuters) - Palestinian prisoners in Israeli jails  Thursday have effectively ended an 18-day-old hunger strike  after most of their demands for better conditions were met, a  Palestinian cabinet minister said.
South Africa Arrests One in WMDs, Nuclear Probe  JOHANNESBURG, South Africa (Reuters) - South African  authorities have arrested one person in an investigation into  contraventions of laws on weapons of mass destruction and  nuclear energy, the government said Thursday.
Group released from siege school Hostage-takers free 32 women and children but are still holding more than 300  people at a school in Russia.
Apple #39;s New iMac  It #39;s All in the Display Apple Computer unwrapped an attractive gift for SMB design shops that rely on Mac-quality graphics capability. The sleek new iMac stores the entire computer in its flat-panel display.
IBM, Intel Offer Blade Specs  quot;We are convinced that openness will expand the blade-server marketplace and bring more people on board with these types of servers, quot; says Tim Dougherty, director of BladeCenter marketing at IBM.
Radio Signal: Hello from Alien Life? Sept. 2, 2004 - An enigmatic radio signal picked up three times from the same area of the sky is a candidate for a call from intelligent alien life, according to New Scientist magazine.
Intel To Show Off Its Own Dual-Core Technology One week after AMD said it has demonstrated a dual-core processor, Intel will use its Developer #39;s Forum to provide the first demonstration of its dual-core technology.
Oracle Products Exposed To Hackers Oracle has issued an alert regarding multiple security vulnerabilities discovered across an unsettlingly wide range of its products.
PC makers: Look before taking SP2 leap Although Microsoft has recommended consumers turn on Windows #39; Automatic Update feature to get Windows XP Service Pack 2, PC makers are reminding Windows XP users to do their homework before installing the security update.
Philadelphia to becomes  #39;WiFi-for-all #39; city PHILADELPHIA: For about US\$10mil (RM38mil), city officials here believe they can turn all 345 sq km of Philadelphia into the world #39;s largest wireless Internet hotspot (www.
Global Chip Sales Growth Moderates in July Global sales of semiconductors rose 1 percent in July as consumer uncertainty and swelling inventories restrained the industry #39;s pace of growth, the US Semiconductor Industry Association reported on Thursday.
Nortel to Delay Filing Results Yet Again Nortel Networks Corp. (NT.TO: Quote, Profile, Research) said on Thursday it will again delay filing results, predicting it will not release reports for 2003 and the first half of 2004 until the end of October.
Yukos faces oil production halt Yukos, the Russian oil giant, could be forced to halt production because of a new court order, the company says.
Microsoft #39;s Ballmer Addresses Linux, Security Joyce Plotkin, Massachusetts Software Council #39;s president, told LinuxInsider that the group regularly brings heavy hitters to its membership meetings, and that past speakers have included Bill Gates and Steve Jobs.
Wi-Fi Alliance to Announce Interim Multimedia Spec Next week, the Wi-Fi Alliance will release Wi-Fi Multimedia, or WMM, an interim standard that will provide early quality-of-service functionality for multimedia equipment based on the emerging 802.
Intel to Redefine Performance at IDF Intel co-founder Gordon Moore #39;s famous law will be re-examined again next week, as Intel shifts away from pure speed to the more efficient utilization of silicon.
MessageLabs taps Brightmail in war on spam Email filtering firm MessageLabs yesterday announced a deal to incorporate Symantec #39;s Brightmail anti-spam technology into its own anti-spam service.
ASML, Nikon agree draft settlement of patent infringement dispute AMSTERDAM (AFX) - ASML Holding NV and Nikon Corp said they reached a tentative agreement on settlement terms for Nikon #39;s case of alleged patent infringement against ASML.
Irish invite for De Lima The Brazilian runner jostled by an Irish-born ex-priest in the Olympic marathon has been invited to Ireland by the country #39;s Sports Minister.
Rooney will help my game - Saha Manchester United striker Louis Saha says the arrival of Wayne Rooney will help him to improve his own game. Rooney arrived at Old Trafford in a 27million deal as a transfer deadline signing on Tuesday to 
Bailey breaks wrist, out a month Jerry Bailey, the seven-time Eclipse Award-winning jockey, will miss the next four weeks because of a fractured wrist, his agent, Ron Anderson, said Wednesday.
Woodgate backing for Robson Jonathan Woodgate has backed former Newcastle manager Sir Bobby Robson to make a speedy return to football. The veteran tactician was relieved of his duties on Monday by Magpies chairman Freddy Shepherd, citing poor results as the reason for his sacking.
San Francisco Giants Team Report - September 2 (Sports Network) - Jason Schmidt once again goes for his 16th victory tonight when the wild card-hopeful San Francisco Giants conclude a three-game series with the Colorado Rockies at SBC Park.
Sweden Beats Czeck in Hockey World Cup Sweden held off a furious third-period comeback by the Czech Republic for a 4-3 win, clinching home-ice advantage in the World Cup of Hockey quarterfinals.
Guti warns Owen of Raul Spanish midfielder Guti has warned Real Madrid team-mate Michael Owen that he would need to produce an exceptional performance if he has any ambitions of taking Raul #39;s place in the starting line-up.
It #39;s Game Day! FROGS OPEN 2004 CAMPAIGN: The TCU Horned Frogs begin their 108th year of intercollegiate football when they host the Northwestern Wildcats out of the Big Ten on Thursday, September 2. The game will be televised nationally by ESPN2.
Miami #39;s Betts gets his shot An unbeknownst quarterback from Miami (Ohio) used a game at Michigan Stadium three years ago to introduce himself to the college football world.
French Ambassador to Iraq Says Hostages Are Alive, AFP Says Two French reporters who are being held hostage in Iraq are alive and in good health, Agence France- Presse reported, citing the French ambassador to Iraq.
Malaysian PM Abdullah says he is prepared to meet freed Anwar KUALA LUMPUR : Malaysian prosecutors have said they will not appeal Anwar Ibrahim #39;s acquittal by the Federal Court on Thursday.
UN court imposes lawyers on Milosevic The UN war crimes court at The Hague has assigned former Yugoslav leader Slobodan Milosevic two lawyers to assist his defense. Milosevic, 63, has repeatedly insisted 
Syria rejects Israeli threats Syria says Israeli threats to retaliate for Damascus #39; alleged complicity in Palestinian attacks that have killed 16 Israelis this week lack credibility.
Iraqi Militants Free Truck Drivers At Last The release of Kenyan truckers held hostage by Iraqi militants yesterday was negotiated by an Egyptian troubleshooter, experienced in hostage negotiations, the East African Standard has learnt.
Japan May Help North Korean Refugees Leave China The fate of 29 North Koreans remains unclear after they penetrated a Japanese school in Beijing Wednesday. Japanese officials on Thursday indicated they might help the asylum seekers go to a third country.
Turkish hostages 'killed' in Iraq An Iraqi militant group kills three Turkish hostages, reports Arabic TV station al-Jazeera.
Israel raid demolishes Gaza homes Israeli forces demolish two apartment blocks in raids on Gaza, while warning of a possible attack on Syria.
Boss defends Wal-Mart's record Lee Scott, chief executive of retail giant Wal-Mart, tells the BBC that his firm's many critics have got it wrong.
Bridget Jones sequel piracy fears Security is being tightened over the  Bridget Jones film sequel amid reports it is the subject of a \$10m bounty.
Citing terror aid, US eases arms sales ban WASHINGTON  #151; Praising Yemen as a partner in the war on terror, the Bush administration has approved the sale of military equipment to the Persian Gulf country after more than a decade of a nearly total ban. Delivery of spare parts for C-130 cargo planes was approved last week, which followed a recent decision to permit Yemen to purchase parts ...
Alleged US deserter says he will surrender soon TOKYO -- Alleged US Army deserter Charles Robert Jenkins said yesterday that he would surrender to US military authorities to face charges that he deserted his post along the demilitarized zone dividing North and South Korea in the 1960s.
G.O.P., Last to Bat, Swings Freely for the Fences The G.O.P. convention is a batter-by-batter rebuttal of almost everything the Democrats said and did in Boston last month.
Spring Productivity Rate Makes Small Gain WASHINGTON - Workers' productivity increased at an annual rate of 2.5 percent in the spring, the smallest gain since late 2002, reflecting the economy's slowdown.    The increase in productivity - the amount an employee produces for every hour on the job - was down from an initial estimate of a 2.9 percent growth rate for the April-to-June quarter and marked a deceleration from the 3.7 percent pace posted in the first three months of this year, the Labor Department reported Thursday...
Militants Release 31 Hostages in Russia BESLAN, Russia - Camouflaged security agents carried babies to safety after militants holding hundreds of hostages at a school released at least 31 women and children Thursday, and officials expressed hope that negotiations would bring more progress in the standoff in southern Russia.    But a crowd of hostages' relatives keeping vigil outside the school was shaken when a pair of explosions went off just ahead of the release...
French Students Face New Head Scarf Ban PARIS - Millions of French students returned to school Thursday as a new law banning Islamic head scarves from classrooms goes into effect amid demands by Islamic radicals holding two French hostages in Iraq that the law be scrapped.    Muslim leaders in France, who had largely opposed the law, urged calm for the return to class...
Straight Talk By charlie smith. Since the release of a Hollinger International Inc. special committee #39;s report on August 31, much has been written and broadcast about the lavish lifestyles enjoyed by Conrad Black and his 
ECB: Euro Growth Brightens, Holds Rates Economic recovery is gathering speed in the euro zone and inflation prospects are favorable, the European Central Bank said on Thursday as it 
Merrill Lynch Returns to Energy Trading Merrill Lynch (MER:NYSE - news - research), despite a checkered history in the energy sector, is jumping back in with its acquisition of the energy-trading business of Entergy-Koch.
Cheney Praises Bush As Decisive Leader NEW YORK - As President Bush prepared to accept the Republican nomination for a second term, Vice President Dick Cheney portrayed his boss as a decisive commander in chief. "He doesn't waffle, he doesn't agonize," Cheney said Thursday...
Nonfarm productivity up 2.5 vs. 2.9 initial estimate WASHINGTON (CBS.MW) - Productivity in the US nonfarm business sector increased at a 2.5 percent annual rate in the second quarter, revised lower from an earlier estimate of 2.9 percent, the Labor Department estimated Thursday.
MGM Stays in the Picture Shares of film studio Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer (NYSE: MGM) rose more than 6 on heavy volume yesterday on the back of reports from Reuters -- and followed up by various 
US Oil Prices Rise on Yukos Concerns The price hit \$44.51 per barrel after a Russian court decision to freeze some bank accounts of the Yukos oil company. Without the \$2.
Polaris Discontinues Marine Products Polaris Industries Inc. said Thursday it will immediately stop manufacturing boats and other marine product lines after the division drowned in a hefty operating loss in 2003.
Halliburton Uncovers Nigeria Bribe Scheme The US energy company Halliburton says it has discovered that a consortium linked to it considered paying bribes to Nigerian officials on an energy project at least 10 years ago.
Sanz, Rita Big Winners at Latin Grammys LOS ANGELES - It seemed like a rerun of the 2002 Latin Grammys. Once again, Spanish heartthrob singer Alejandro Sanz dominated the show - only this time, Sanz didn't show up to collect his trophies...
Nortel Numbers Face New Delay Nortel (NT:NYSE - news - research) suffered another setback on its march to accountability Thursday, warning that it will need an additional month to complete its audit and file restated financials.
Appeals court faults Oracle in shareholder suit Oracle suffered a legal setback Wednesday when a federal appeals court reviewing a shareholder lawsuit reversed a lower court #39;s ruling that had found in the company #39;s favor.
JP Morgan in Talks with UK #39;s Cazenove JP Morgan Chase  amp; Co has emerged as the latest potential suitor for UK investment bank Cazenove, but as a joint-venture partner rather than an outright purchaser.
Stocks Climb on Rising Factory Orders NEW YORK - Stocks inched higher Thursday as investors shrugged off sluggish retail sales, disappointing worker productivity and a surge in oil prices, focusing instead on rising factory orders.    Trading was muted as investors awaited a mid-quarter update from U.S...
Bush Ready to Accept GOP Nomination NEW YORK - The four-day Republican National Convention comes to a close Thursday with a speech by President Bush that will touch off a two-month dash to the finish line in a nation that seems as closely divided now as it was four years ago.    Last night, Vice President Dick Cheney and convention keynoter Sen...
Militants Release 26 Hostages in Russia MOSCOW - Militants released 26 women and children Thursday from the school in southern Russia where they are holding more than 350 hostages, the rescue operation's headquarters said.    Lev Dzugayev, an aide to the North Ossetian president, announced the release of three women and three infants...
U.S. Airstrike Kills 17 in Fallujah BAGHDAD, Iraq - A U.S. airstrike targeting an alleged militant safehouse in Fallujah killed some 17 people including three children, according to doctors and accounts from the scene of the blast, and angry crowds gathered to mourn the victims and denounce the United States...
Barney the Dog Big Hit in GOP Video NEW YORK - The presidential pup made his convention debut Wednesday night in a spoof on the movie "Rocky," showing the pooch hitting the campaign trail.    Delegates saw a video that opened with White House advisers Karl Rove and Andy Card in a heated debate about how to improve President Bush's poll numbers among an important bloc - dogs...
26 Hostages Released From Russian School Armed militants who seized hundreds of child hostages at a school in southern Russia released two dozen women and small children Thursday afternoon but the guerrillas still rejected proposals for resolving the standoff.
French Schools Reopen Under New Religious Law Millions of French pupils have begun the new school year under controversial legislation banning Muslim headscarves and other religious insignia from state schools.
French Muslim Delegation Hopeful About Hostage Situation A French Muslim delegation in Iraq trying to win the release of two French journalists held hostage by Islamic militants said Thursday they had received proof the men were alive and well. The kidnappers have demanded that Paris rescind a law banning Muslim headscarves.
IBM Opens Up Design of Its Blade Servers (Reuters) Reuters - International Business Machines Corp.\ said it is making the design of its "blade" computer\servers widely available, in a move designed to gain wider\acceptability in data centers and the telecommunications\industry.
Apple-Rival Creative to Double MP3 Player Lines (Reuters) Reuters - Computer audio equipment maker\Creative Technology Ltd. said on Thursday it would double its\MP3 player product lines from its current eight by year-end,\stepping up competition for rivals such as Apple Computer Inc.
Jobless Claims Up, Hurricane a Factor (Reuters) Reuters - New claims for U.S. jobless benefits\rose in the latest week, but the gain was largely blamed on\Hurricane Charley, the government said on Thursday.
S.Korea Enriched Uranium Close to Atom Bomb Fuel (Reuters) Reuters - South Korea has admitted that\government scientists enriched uranium four years ago to a\level that several Vienna diplomats said was almost pure enough\for an atomic bomb, the U.N. nuclear watchdog said on Thursday.
Video Game Maker Acclaim Files for Bankruptcy (Reuters) Reuters - Video game publisher Acclaim\Entertainment Inc. , which has been hampered by a lack\of hit titles, filed for bankruptcy liquidation on Thursday\after failing to line up new financing.
Global Chip Sales Growth Moderates in July (Reuters) Reuters - Global sales of semiconductors\rose 1 percent in July as consumer uncertainty and swelling\inventories restrained the industry's pace of growth, the U.S.\Semiconductor Industry Association reported on Thursday.
Treasuries Retreat Before Payrolls Data (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. Treasuries broke a three-day\rally and retreated on Thursday as investors turned cautious\before the climax of the week -- the August payrolls report.
Global Handset Sales Reached Record in 2nd Quarter - Survey (Reuters) Reuters - Global handset sales rose to record\levels in the second quarter, putting the industry on track to\ship 650 million cell phones in 2004 as market leader Nokia\halted its decline, a survey said on Thursday.
Russian Oil Giant Warns of Output Cut (Reuters) Reuters - Russian oil major YUKOS again warned on\Thursday that it may be forced to cut output after saying that\a Moscow court ruled this week that  #36;2.6 billion of company\funds could be seized by the authorities.
Spring Productivity Rate Makes Small Gain (AP) AP - Workers' productivity increased at an annual rate of 2.5 percent in the spring, the smallest gain since late 2002, reflecting the economy's slowdown.
Israel Hints at Military Action Vs. Syria (AP) AP - Israel ratcheted up its rhetoric against Syria on Thursday, hinting of possible military action following this week's deadly suicide bombing in southern Israel.
Charter names two interim CFOs Charter Communications Inc. (CHTR.O: Quote, Profile, Research) on Thursday named two executives as interim co-chief financial officers to fill an opening created when its former 
Philly Considers Wireless Internet for All (AP) AP - Forget finding an Internet cafe. For less than what it costs to build a small library, city officials believe they can turn all 135 square miles of Philadelphia into the world's largest wireless Internet hot spot.
Special UN envoy urges Sudan to accept more foreign aid (AFP) AFP - UN chief Kofi Annan's special envoy to Sudan urged the Sudanese government to accept international aid if it is unable to protect the population in its troubled Darfur region.
Red Hat Hires New CFO From Burlington (AP) AP - Red Hat Inc. hired a new chief financial officer as it tries to bolster its sagging stock price and expand into new foreign markets.
US embassy in Malaysia shuts indefinitely amid security threat (AFP) AFP - The US embassy in Malaysia was shut indefinitely after it received a letter containing a suspicious powdery substance, its second security scare in two weeks.
Air China Signs USD\$1.3 Billion Airbus Deal Chinese flag carrier Air China signed a USD\$1.3 billion deal to buy 23 new Airbus jets on Monday during a visit to Beijing of German Chancellor Gerhard Schroeder.
August Retail Sales Hurt by Job Worries (AP) AP - The August start of the back-to-school shopping season was a disappointment for major retailers, giving the industry a third straight month of tepid sales. Higher gasoline prices and consumers' ongoing worries about jobs contributed to the poor showing.
WinZip Warns of Security Flaws (PC World) PC World - Users of the popular compression tool should upgrade their software, company says.
Rescue attempt underway for ill-fated transatlantic rower from Germany (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - HALIFAX (CP) - Floating in the Atlantic Ocean, his life raft deflated, a man who has failed in his bid to row from the United States to England was counting on a Canadian search-and-rescue helicopter to pluck him from water Thursday.
Microsoft's new music venture takes aim at Apple iTunes (AFP) AFP - Microsoft unveiled a new online music download service that throws the weight of the world's largest software company into a field currently dominated by Apple Computers.
Lockout Looms as NHL, Players' Union Deadlocked  MONTREAL (Reuters) - The National Hockey League and its  players ended three days of labor talks in an apparent deadlock  on Thursday, with little progress seen in avoiding a lockout by  team owners later this month.
South Dakota Sues to Get T. Rex (AP) AP - Harding County wants a team of fossil hunters to return a juvenile Tyrannosaurus rex named "Tinker" unearthed from northwest South Dakota in 1998.
Jobless Claims Up, Hurricane a Factor  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - New claims for U.S. jobless benefits  rose in the latest week, but the gain was largely blamed on  Hurricane Charley, the government said on Thursday.
Agassi Headlines Fourth Day of U.S. Open  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Andre Agassi headlines day four of the  U.S. Open Thursday as he seeks a place in the third round at  his home grand slam.
Stocks Up a Bit, Factory Orders Revised  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks rose a bit on Thursday  after a revision in factory orders in June suggested orders are  improving and some apparel makers raised profit forecasts or  reported better-than-expected sales in August.
NL Wrap: Cubs Edge Expos to Maintain Wild-Card Pace  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The Chicago Cubs registered an  important victory in their battle for the National League  wild-card berth, edging out the Expos 2-1 over 11 innings in  Montreal Wednesday.
South American Soya Explosion Threatens Forests - WWF (Reuters) Reuters - An explosion of soyabean farming in\South America is threatening huge areas of forest and grassland\containing some of the world's richest and most diverse\wildlife, a leading conservation group said on Thursday.
Science Oddities Are Revealed to the British Public (Reuters) Reuters - One of the world's most bizarre\scientific collections went on show on Thursday.
Singapore Bans Human Cloning, Stem Cell Research OK (Reuters) Reuters - Singapore banned human cloning\Thursday and said offenders would face 10 years in jail to\prevent "abhorrent experiments."
Russian Oil Giant Warns of Output Cut  MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russian oil major YUKOS again warned on  Thursday that it may be forced to cut output after saying that  a Moscow court ruled this week that \$2.6 billion of company  funds could be seized by the authorities.
Bush speech to favor security over domestic policy (AFP) AFP - US President George W. Bush was to highlight his war on terrorism credentials as he accepted his party's nomination for a new term in a speech expected to be poor in bold new domestic policy ideas.
Iran Plans to Launch Satellite by May 2005 (Reuters) Reuters - Iran said Thursday it would launch its\first satellite into space by May 2005, state television\reported.
Golf: Jimenez Takes Early Lead in European Masters  CRANS-SUR-SIERRE, Switzerland (Reuters) - Miguel Angel  Jimenez continued his rich vein of form by taking the early  lead in the opening round of the European Masters on Thursday.
Oil Up on Russia, Iraq Supply Concerns  LONDON (Reuters) - World oil prices rose sharply again on  Thursday after Russian oil giant YUKOS said a Moscow court's  decision to effectively freeze its bank accounts threatened its  ability to continue production.
Diageo Dips on Dispiriting Outlook  LONDON (Reuters) - Shares in Diageo Plc &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=DGE.L target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;DGE.L&lt;/A&gt; fell on  Thursday as the world's biggest spirits firm said tough  European markets and a weak dollar will hold back growth after  an expected 1 percent rise in annual earnings.
Continental Air to Cut Jobs  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Continental Airlines Inc.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=CAL.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;CAL.N&lt;/A&gt;  said on Thursday it plans to cut about 425 management and  clerical jobs through staff reductions, attrition and the  elimination of unfilled positions to save about \$200 million in  pretax costs.
Red Hat Names CFO After Restatements  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Red Hat Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=RHAT.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;RHAT.O&lt;/A&gt;, a Linux  software distributor that in July said it would restate three  years' of financial results, on Thursday named Charles Peters  as chief financial officer.
Enron Agrees to Sell Pipelines in \$2B Deal Enron Corp. has agreed to sell its domestic natural gas pipelines for more than \$2 billion after an auction aimed at helping the energy company emerge from one of the most expensive and complicated bankruptcies in history.
Jobs, Economy Focus of 2 Big Protests Demonstrations and protests bubbled up around New York again Wednesday, as thousands of people formed a symbolic unemployment line extending 3 1/2 miles from Wall Street to within yards of the Republican National Convention.
Oil price rally takes off again Oil prices resume their upward path, lifted by reports of pipeline sabotage in Iraq and fears that Russian firm Yukos may cease production.
India, Pakistan hold talks on Kashmir bus link India and Pakistan held the first of two days of talks on Tuesday on starting a bus service between the capitals of divided Kashmir, a proposal which could give their peace process a major shot in the arm, officials said.
Inconsistency is playing a part Looking at the reporters gathered around him after the Celtics' 119-105 loss to the Kings Sunday night in Sacramento, Gary Payton could not help but laugh.
Eurozone rates unchanged at 2 The European Central Bank leaves eurozone interest rates on hold at 2, and upgrades its economic growth forecasts.
Sudan complains of ill treatment by UN KHARTOUM, Sudan (AP-CP) - Sudan said today that the UN chief didn #39;t give it enough credit for its efforts to restore calm in Darfur and get help to the region #39;s people, and said it hoped the Security Council would take greater notice.
Marconi wipes out debt mountain Telecoms equipment group Marconi clears its 669.5m (\$1.2bn) debt mountain ahead of schedule.
Games makers Acclaim ceases ops Games maker and publisher Acclaim, famous for dino game Turok, has filed for bankruptcy in the US.
Security tight as Karzai #39;s inauguration looms Security is extremely tight around the Afghan capital as Hamid Karzai prepares to be sworn in as the country #39;s first popularly elected president.
August Sales Disappoint Major Retailers The start of the back-to-school shopping season was a disappointment for major retailers, giving the industry a third straight month of listless sales.
Productivity Growth Falls to 18-Month Low Workers' productivity increased at an annual rate of 2.5 percent in the spring, the smallest gain since late 2002, reflecting the economy's slowdown.
Building a Fortune Fortune Brands' CEO talks about the company's history, expansion, and innovation.
Back-to-School Woes Companies counting on big back-to-school spending are showing their disappointment.
Betting Against Bombay If the home-furnishings retailer can't get things right by the holidays, look out below.
MGM Stays in the Picture A very large and valuable pile of assets now stands to change hands, possibly quite soon.
Image Needs Repair Public relations experts and people in and around the NBA believe Kobe Bryant can repair the damage done to his image and reputation.
Up to the Challenge The Redskins contend that last week's debacle in the secondary against the Rams isn't a true gauge of life after Champ Bailey.
Homebuying with Good Credit, Little Cash Will this newfangled kind of mortgage help you buy a house?
Nortel again delays filing financial results SEPTEMBER 02, 2004 (REUTERS) - Nortel Networks Corp. said today it will again delay filing its financial results, predicting the reports for 2003 and the first half of 2004 won #39;t be out until the end of October.
Red Hat goes mainstream to cap new CFO Open-source champion Red Hat has taken its new CFO from the traditional business world. Charles Peters, who becomes executive vice president and CFO of the Linux-based firm, has a solid background as a qualified 
UPDATE 2-Video game maker Acclaim files for bankruptcy Video game publisher Acclaim Entertainment Inc. (AKLM.PK: Quote, Profile, Research) , which has been hampered by a lack of hit titles, filed for bankruptcy liquidation on Thursday after failing to line up new financing.
Marathon Saboteur Priest Accused of Indecency A controversial Irish priest who sabotaged the mens Olympic marathon by leaping on the race leader appeared in court today on indecency charges.
Casagrande and Golbano unfit for Vuelta Italian cyclist Francesco Casagrande (Lampre) and Spaniard Carlos Romn Golbano (Costa de Almera-Paternina) have been declared unfit to start the Vuelta a Espaa, after blood tests on Wednesday evening revealed that they each had exceeded the 
Wright dazzles in halting slide He was a young phenom then, much like Jeff Francis is now, and it was former Rockies pitcher Marvin Freeman who pinned the moniker on the 6-foot-6, apparently good-looking right-hander from Oklahoma City during the spring of 1996.
Liuzzi to test for Sauber Sauber Petronas have invited Vitantonio Liuzzi for a test drive. The 22-year old Red Bull Junior Team pilot, who has won this year #39;s Formula 3000 Championship far ahead of the competition, will be driving the Sauber Petronas C23 at Jerez on 16 September.
Russia school siege:  #39;26 freed #39; More than two dozen women and children have been released from the school in southern Russia where armed militants were holding more than 300 hostages for a second day, a regional government official said.
Court appoints Milosevic lawyers Two British lawyers, Steven Kay and Gillian Higgins, have been appointed to defend former Yugoslav leader Slobodan Milosevic at The Hague #39;s UN tribunal.
S.Korea says it enriched uranium  quot;It was well beyond the level that would be needed for a civilian programme, quot; the Vienna-based diplomat close to the IAEA said.
Voracious growth puts China in a power crunch It #39;s not even 5 pm on a workday and the corridor outside Li Chengwen #39;s office is dark. The air is moist and warm. By Eugene Hoshiko, AP.
Shopping without tears: a parents' guide &lt;strong&gt;Review&lt;/strong&gt; Waitrose's QuickCheck scanner a real time-saver
Games giant muscles in on mobiles Games giant Electronic Arts is  joining forces with a Scottish mobile entertainment firm to make more mobile games.
Games firm Acclaim ceases ops Games maker and publisher Acclaim, famous for dino game Turok, has filed for bankruptcy in the US.
IBM Opens Up Design of Its Blade Servers  NEW YORK (Reuters) - International Business Machines Corp.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=IBM.N qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;IBM.N&lt;/A&gt; said it is making the design of its "blade" computer  servers widely available, in a move designed to gain wider  acceptability in data centers and the telecommunications  industry.
Apple-Rival Creative to Double MP3 Player Lines  SINGAPORE (Reuters) - Computer audio equipment maker  Creative Technology Ltd. said on Thursday it would double its  MP3 player product lines from its current eight by year-end,  stepping up competition for rivals such as Apple Computer Inc.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=AAPL.O qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;AAPL.O&lt;/A&gt;
Video Game Maker Acclaim Files for Bankruptcy  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Video game publisher Acclaim  Entertainment Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=AKLM.PK qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;AKLM.PK&lt;/A&gt;, which has been hampered by a lack  of hit titles, filed for bankruptcy liquidation on Thursday  after failing to line up new financing.
Global Chip Sales Growth Moderates in July  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Global sales of semiconductors  rose 1 percent in July as consumer uncertainty and swelling  inventories restrained the industry's pace of growth, the U.S.  Semiconductor Industry Association reported on Thursday.
Global Handset Sales Reached Record in 2nd Quarter - Survey  AMSTERDAM (Reuters) - Global handset sales rose to record  levels in the second quarter, putting the industry on track to  ship 650 million cell phones in 2004 as market leader Nokia  halted its decline, a survey said on Thursday.
Retail Sales Sluggish, Gas Prices Blamed US retailers on Thursday reported weaker-than-expected August sales, generating the smallest monthly gain in a year and a half as high gasoline prices cut into back-to-school spending.
US apparel retailers Aug. sales better than feared US clothing retailers like Gap Inc. (GPS.N: Quote, Profile, Research) and American Eagle Outfitters (AEOS.O: Quote, Profile, Research) , on Thursday posted 
Payless ShoeSource to restructure as August same-store sales fall Footwear retailer Payless ShoeSource Inc. said Thursday it will restructure its operations and cut jobs in a move to reduce administrative expenses by about \$12 million a year.
Could Space Signal Be Alien Contact? - Magazine An unexplained radio signal from deep space could -- just might be -- contact from an alien civilization, New Scientist magazine reported on Thursday.
Red Hat Names CFO After Restatements Red Hat Inc. , a Linux software distributor that in July said it would restate three years #39; of financial results, on Thursday named Charles Peters as chief financial officer.
Games makers Acclaim ceases ops US video game makers Acclaim has filed for bankruptcy after struggling to keep up sales in an increasingly competitive games market for some time.
Lanci to take over as Acer #39;s president Acer #39;s current president, JT Wang, will take over as chairman and chief executive officer, replacing Acer co-founder Stan Shih, who will retire at the end of the year.
Soocer-PSG coach unable to digest last-minute Fiorese transfer Paris St Germain coach Vahid Halilhodzic says he felt so betrayed by the last-minute transfer of striker Fabrice Fiorese to Olympique Marseille that he was physically sick after going home on Tuesday.
Three Turkish Hostages Killed in Iraq A militant group, affiliated with wanted terrorist Abu Musab al-Zarqawi, has claimed responsibility for the murder of three Turkish truck drivers in Iraq.
Israel threatens to launch military action against Syria Jerusalem, Sept. 2 (PTI): Claiming to have  quot;concrete evidence quot; of Syria #39;s involvement in the double suicide attack in the southern city of Beersheva in which 16 people were killed and more than 80 injured, Israel 
Bali bomber spotted in Starbucks Convicted Bali bomber Ali Imron has been allowed on an outing to a Starbucks coffee shop in Jakarta. Reporters spotted him laughing and joking with Brigadier-General Gorries Mere, one of the officers investigating the Bali attacks.
Acclaim Files for Chapter 7 Bankruptcy &lt;p&gt;\&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; NEW YORK (Reuters) - Video game publisher Acclaim\Entertainment Inc. &lt;AKLM.PK&gt; on Thursday said it filed for\bankruptcy after failing to line up new financing for a credit\line that expired last week.&lt;/p&gt;
Turkish birdlovers fear for delta A globally important Turkish wetland for thousands of birds is threatened by development, conservationists say.
Bookmakers slash science odds The chances of scientists making any one of five discoveries by 2010 have been hugely underestimated, according to bookmakers.
ET: Please Send Mail, Don't Phone If an extraterrestrial civilization wanted to maximize its chances of being discovered by another civilization, the best bet may not ride on radio waves.    Rutgers -- Were E.T...
Conjunction Junction for the Mars Rovers In the next few weeks the twin Mars rovers will be out of touch with Earth when the Sun lines up to block communications. Daily operations will be taken over by longer-term instructions without radio links between the two planets.
Appetite Hormone Key to Women's Health Leptin, the hormone best known to control appetite, also appears to play a major role in fertility and bone development in women. A small, new study finds synthetic injections of the hormone can help young women whose naturally low levels of leptin left them thin and prone to osteoporosis, broken bones, and reproductive problems.
Contact Lens Implants Clear Myopia Effective way to correct nearsightedness, study finds    HealthDayNews -- Implantable contact lenses are a safe and effective way to correct moderate to high nearsightedness, says a study in the September issue of Ophthalmology.    The research was funded by STAAR Surgical of Monrovia, Calif., which has applied for U.S...
Virtual Colonoscopy Shows Promise While not perfect, it could become key screening tool for cancer, researchers say    HealthDayNews -- Virtual colonoscopies show significant promise as a screening method for colorectal cancer but there are still some problems that need to be resolved, according to new research.    A report in the Sept...
Back Country Wary of West Nile Virus Rowdy, a 4-year-old horse, got sick after splashing through the Santa Ana River on a training ride. He ran a high fever, moved feebly in his stall and just wanted to sleep - all symptoms of West Nile virus.
Dyslexia Symptoms Not the Same in Every Culture By JOSEPH B. VERRENGIA    (AP) -- With 6,000 characters to memorize, Westerners shudder at the idea reading even the most basic street signs and instructions in Chinese...
HP closes hospital printing deal The contract is part of the computer giant's bid to wring more consulting dollars out of its printer business.
Outsourcing's next big thing--Malaysia? The country's infrastructure makes it an attractive candidate for offshore work, a research company says.
Briefly: Overture heads toward automation roundup Plus: Burst wants Gates deposition released...Verizon opens global phone to consumers...IBM, Honda team on voice-driven car navigation.
PC makers: Look before taking SP2 leap Many PC makers have a list of drivers and other patches that should be in place before installing the OS update.\
HP files lawsuit over discounts Computer maker sees to recover \$8.6 million in pricing discounts granted to a hardware reseller in Tennessee.
NEC positions carbon nanotubes for prime time NEC Corp. has developed a method of positioning tiny tubes of carbon in a way that, 10 years from now, will make circuits run faster and consume less power than the fastest and most powerful silicon chips, the company said on Thursday.
IBM, Intel open up blade server specs Hoping to accelerate the acceptance of blade servers, IBM and Intel on Thursday will lay bare their jointly developed technical specifications for its BladeCenter platform that will allow developers to customize add-on products and solutions.
Oracle releases delayed security patches Oracle Corp. released security patches this week that plug several vulnerabilities reported last month in its database software and other products.
FAST preps app to improve Internet yellow pages Fast Search   Transfer ASA has developed an application designed to help providers of online business directories and of online classified advertisements improve the content, presentation and navigation of their listings, the company announced Thursday.
Intel looks to clarify strategy, execution Intel Corp. will look to a multicore future during the Fall Intel Developer Forum (IDF) in San Francisco next week as it tries to leave behind a tumultuous year plagued by product delays and road map revisions.
Shaq #39;s career milestone as the heat wins Shaquille O #39;Neal pulled down his 10,000th NBA rebound to lead the Heat to a 100-80 win over the Jazz. O #39;Neal needed eight rebounds entering the game to become the 31st player with 10,000 career boards.
WinZip Warns of Security Flaws Users of the popular compression tool should upgrade their software, company says.
Rx Depot Co-Founder Launches New Online Venture The co-founder of an Oklahoma prescription drug service shut down for violating federal drug importation laws has a new company providing discounted medicines over the Internet.
RNC Protesters Using Text Messages to Plan For protesters navigating Manhattan during the Republican National Convention, text-message broadcasting services like this, sent to their cell phones, provided an up-to-the-minute guide to the action on the streets.
Olympics man on indecency charges A former Irish priest who disrupted the men #39;s Olympic marathon in Athens has appeared in court on two counts of indecently assaulting a child.
Straw Speaks Out over Russian School Siege Foreign Secretary Jack Straw today expressed sympathy with parents and children in the Russian school siege saying their suffering is our suffering.
MSN Music Store to Rock the Music Download Boat MSN Music Store to Rock the Music Download Boat\\MSN has unveiled MSN Music Store, their pay per download WMP driven system which is predicted to give Apple iTunes, Napster, and RealNetworks a run for their money in the realm of legal music download search. MSN Music Service will initially offer ...
MSN Music Store Launches MSN Music Store Launches\\MSN has unveiled MSN Music Store, their pay per download WMP driven system which is predicted to give Apple iTunes, Napster, and RealNetworks a run for their money in the realm of legal music download search. MSN Music Service will initially offer music downloads of 500,000 music ...
Clippers escape with victory over Bobcats Like any team bent on abiding by an unwritten rule of following sports cliches, the Clippers say they, yawn, take their games one at a time.
Firefox Toolbar: A set of search toolbars for Mozilla users Firefox Toolbar: A set of search toolbars for Mozilla users\\Yet another search toolbar! But fortunately unlike most Internet Explorer only toolbars it is for the users of the alternate open source browser Firefox and Mozilla. Firefox Toolbar is a set of free toolbars made by a company called Vpop Technologies ...
News: Critical Kerberos bugs surface Multiple vulnerabilities have been reported in version five of the widely-used Kerberos authentication protocol. The most serious could be exploited by crackers to gain root control to authentication servers.
Bears could keep kids from school (Reuters) Reuters - Some 30 brown bears have been terrorising a Transylvanian mountain village\and could delay the start of the school year, local authorities say.
Instant Messaging Is Growing Up, Going to Work (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - If you're an avid instant messenger, you probably know what I mean: "Instant messaging doesn't work for me, does it work for you?" Yet I appear to be on the way to becoming a minority, a fuddy-dud resisting the text-chat party. Instant messaging, or IM, is catching on with adults in a big way as it moves rapidly into the workplace, according to recent surveys. In fact, analysts predict IM soon will overtake e-mail as the No. 1 form of electronic communication.
Lucent Says It May Get  #36;816M Tax Refund (AP) AP - Telecommunications gear maker Lucent Technologies Inc. may receive an  #36;816 million federal income tax refund related to its multibillion dollar losses at the height of the telecom industry slump.
Red Hat Names CFO After Restatements (Reuters) Reuters - Red Hat Inc. , a Linux\software distributor that in July said it would restate three\years' of financial results, on Thursday named Charles Peters\as chief financial officer.
Coach moves on after taking USC nowhere What happened to Henry Bibby at USC is that, for the first time in his basketball life, he stayed in one place too long. Fired Monday and replaced by assistant Jim Saia for the interim, Bibby 
Continental Air to Cut 425 Jobs  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Continental Airlines Inc.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=CAL.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;CAL.N&lt;/A&gt;  plans to eliminate about 425 management and clerical jobs, and  wage cuts may be next if the revenue picture does not improve,  the No. 5 U.S. carrier said on Thursday.
Montgomerie Glad Teammates Approve of Ryder Cup Wildcard  CRANS-SUR-SIERRE, Switzerland (Reuters) - Colin Montgomerie  says his Ryder Cup wildcard was rubber-stamped by colleagues  who had already qualified for this month's event against the  U.S. at Oakland Hills.
S.Africa Arrests One in WMDs, Nuclear Probe  JOHANNESBURG (Reuters) - South African authorities arrested  one person Thursday in an investigation into contraventions of  laws on weapons of mass destruction and nuclear energy, the  government said.
NFL Game Summary - Dallas at Seattle Rice finished with 145 yards on eight catches, and Jackson had 113 yards on nine grabs...Testaverde broke Steve DeBerg #39;s NFL record with his TD pass to Copper, the 63rd receiver he #39;s hooked up with for a score...Alexander has scored 15 or more touchdowns 
Update 5: European Central Bank Ups Growth Forecast The European Central Bank on Thursday raised its economic growth forecast for the 12 nations using the euro and kept its key interest rate steady at record lows as it waits for the recovery to firm up.
US Airways shares rise on hopes for pilots pact Shares of US Airways (UAIR.O: Quote, Profile, Research) rose more more than 5 percent on Thursday after the airline #39;s pilots union said it may soon agree on a plan to cut wages and benefits to help the carrier avoid a second 
UPDATE 2-Coolbrands shares melt as guidance disappoints Coolbrands International Inc. (COBa.TO: Quote, Profile, Research) said on Thursday its results for fiscal 2004 would be higher than the previous year, but the guidance missed expectations 
Study: Workers Find IM a Mixed Blessing A report released Thursday by the Pew Internet and American Life Project says US workers are increasingly using instant messaging (IM) in the workplace, with approximately 11 million Americans logging into an IM program daily.
Indiana hires Army #39;s Rick Greenspan as new athletic director Army #39;s Rick Greenspan was named athletic director at Indiana University on Thursday, the school #39;s fourth AD in little more than three years.
Bali bomber  #39;out of jail for a coffee #39; THE Howard Government has been assured by Indonesia that one of the main Bali bombers will not be released after reports he was seen having a coffee with a senior policeman in a central Jakarta shopping mall.
Japan volcano tremors subsides, residents return home Volcanic tremors and earthquakes emanating from Mt. Asama, which straddles Gunma and Nagano prefectures in east Japan, subsided Thursday after the volcano erupted Wednesday night, the Japan Meteorological Agency said.
Microsoft launches MSN Music service Microsoft Corp. is offering a  quot;preview release quot; of MSN Music, its answer to Apple #39;s popular iTunes Music Store. The music download service is available in the United States exclusively for users of the Windows 
eBay plans S. Korean expansion with Internet Auction bid NEW YORK, September 2 (New Ratings) - eBay (EBAY.NAS) intends to continue with its expansion in Asia with an increased stake in Internet Auction Co.
Lebanon slams US-inspired UN draft Lebanon urged members of the UN Security Council Thursday to vote against a US-French draft resolution demanding Syrian military withdrawal.
Seven Truckers Freed in Iraq, France Awaits Word Islamic militants freed seven truck drivers from India, Kenya and Egypt on Wednesday after holding them hostage in Iraq for six weeks, offering a ray of hope to a dozen other foreigners still in captivity.
Google AdSense Expands to Multiple Advertising Units Google AdSense Expands to Multiple Advertising Units\\Google is now letting AdSense publishers place Google contextually targeted AdSense advertising on up to 3 placements on one web page. Google AdSense had always stuck to their guns about one AdSense ad per web page, however, web users may be getting used to ...
Mobile phone sales surge at record pace in second quarter: Gartner (AFP) AFP - Global sales of mobile telephones surged a record 35 percent to 156 million units in the second quarter from the same period in 2003, a study published by the US research group Gartner showed.
Jimenez Grabs First-Round Lead at European Masters  CRANS-SUR-SIERRE, Switzerland (Reuters) - Miguel Angel  Jimenez and Sergio Garcia warmed up for this month's Ryder Cup  with sparkling starts at the European Masters on Thursday.
Arsenal exit  #39;would be disaster #39; Former Arsenal defender Nigel Winterburn believes an early exit from the Champions League this week would be a disaster for the club.
Oil Prices Surge to \$45 on Russia Concerns Oil prices spiked today after the Russian oil giant Yukos said it cannot pay wages and that its output could suffer due to a court ruling that froze some of its assets.
Cheney Praises Bush As Decisive Leader NEW YORK - As President Bush prepared to accept the Republican nomination for a second term, Vice President Dick Cheney portrayed his boss as a decisive commander-in-chief. "He doesn't waffle," Cheney said Thursday...
Blunkett's satellite tagging: the tripe behind the hype Home Office redefines statistical invalidity
Experts deny ET signal report Scientists move swiftly to quash reports that a possible contact has been received from  extraterrestrial life.
Apple to Pay Dividend? Apple Computer (Nasdaq: AAPL) has finally agreed to pay a dividend. No, not the kind of owner dividend that would have Motley Fool Income Investor subscribers donning their 
EBay Takes Control of Korean Affiliate EBay, the world #39;s largest Internet auction house, increased its stake in Internet Auction, the biggest online auction company in South Korea.
UPDATE 3-Continental Air to cut 425 jobs, warns on wages Continental Airlines Inc. (CAL.N: Quote, Profile, Research) plans to eliminate about 425 management and clerical jobs, and wage cuts may be next if the revenue picture does not improve, the No.
Oil price rally takes off again Oil prices have resumed their upward path, lifted by reports of pipeline sabotage in Iraq and fears that Russian firm Yukos may suspend production.
Beat the Analysts to Lucent #39;s Tax News It #39;s a sleepy Thursday in the biggest summer vacation week in the year. Almost nobody #39;s around. Anyone who is around is focused on politics and the president #39;s speech tonight.
New iMac Could Give Apple a Needed Boost Apple has been gaining share in the higher-margin laptop business, and its iPod franchise is a hit, but the company #39;s worldwide market share in PCs fell from a peak of 9.6 percent in 1991 to 2 percent last year.
Norwegian researchers find fossil remains of giant reptiles on &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Norwegian researchers on a remote Arctic island have recovered rare fossil remains of two giant marine reptiles, one of them reminiscent of the fabled Loch Ness monster.
Open-Davenport extends streak to reach third round Lindsay Davenport extended her unbeaten streak to 19 matches with a 6-4 6-2 second round win over Spaniard Arantxa Parra Santonja at the US Open on Thursday.
UN vote due on Syria resolution The UN Security Council is due to vote on a draft resolution calling on Syria to withdraw its troops from Lebanon and respect Lebanese sovereignty.
Hubble Space Telescope Spies a Bright Supernova Hubble Space Telescope -- The explosion of a massive star blazes with the light of 200 million Suns in this NASA Hubble Space Telescope image. The arrow at top right points to the stellar blast, called a supernova...
Microsoft hones SharePoint update The first major revamp of the collaboration package includes overhauled support, search and update features.
Nortel delays filing financials again The beleaguered networking gear maker says it won't be able to file earnings on the date it expected.
Microsoft Launches Music Store Beta While the debut of the Microsoft music store inevitably conjures up images of Apple and Microsoft going head-to-head for the hearts and wallets of consumers, Microsoft has made it clear that 
Yukos may cut after \$2.6B funds seized Embattled Russian oil company warns that it may scale back oil output after more funds seized. MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russian oil major Yukos again warned on Thursday that it may be forced to cut output after 
BlueLinx files \$150 million initial public offering NEW YORK (CBS.MW) -- BlueLinx Holdings, an Atlanta-based distributor of building products, on Thursday filed to raise up to \$150 nillion in an initial public offering with underwriters Goldman Sachs, Morgan Stanley, CS First Boston and Lehman Brothers.
JP Morgan, Cazenove in talks - report SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW) - JP Morgan Chase is in talks with UK investment bank Cazenove to create a joint venture that would effectively combine the banks, according to a published repor Thursday.
Build Your Own Blade Server fw3 writes  quot;Information week is reporting that IBM and Intel are opening up the standards for the eServer BladeCenter.  #39;The companies will make available the design specifications for IBM #39;s eServer BladeCenter product.
UPDATE 1-Acclaim files for Chapter 7 bankruptcy Video game publisher Acclaim Entertainment Inc. (AKLM.PK: Quote, Profile, Research) on Thursday said it filed for bankruptcy after failing to line up new financing for a credit line that expired last week.
New SP2 problems report p2pnet.net News:- An average company using Windows XP will encounter compatibility issues with the SP2 update on 10.3 of its Windows XP-based PCs, says a white paper from Canada #39;s AssetMetrix on-demand IT asset intelligence service.
Workplaces Slowly Adopt IM Instant messaging (IM) is gaining slow prominence in the workplace, but the application is used for a variety of reasons. An early 2004 study of more than 2,200 US adults from Pew Internet  amp; American Life 
Dyslexia depends on culture: brain study Most dyslexia research has focused on letter-based languages such as English or Italian. These studies suggest the condition is tied to the left temporoparietal region of the brain.
Gerrard leaves practice London, England (Sports Network) - England midfielder Steven Gerrard injured his groin late in Thursday #39;s training session, but is hopeful he will be ready for Saturday #39;s World Cup qualifier against Austria.
Barrett called into Ireland squad DUBLIN, Ireland -- Graham Barrett has been called up for the Republic of Ireland #39;s first two World Cup ties against Cyprus and Switzerland.
Lockout Looms as NHL, Players #39; Union Deadlocked The National Hockey League and its players ended three days of labor talks in an apparent deadlock on Thursday, with little progress seen in avoiding a lockout by team owners later this month.
Jerry Bailey Fractures Wrist; Sidelined One Month Jockey Jerry Bailey will be sidelined for approximately four weeks after suffering a non-displaced hairline fracture of his left wrist.
Milosevic to Get Defence Lawyer The UN war crimes tribunal is to impose a defence lawyer on Slobodan Milosevic, whose doctors say he is too ill to continue representing himself.
Equatorial Guinea Delays Coup Trial A court in Equatorial Guinea indefinitely suspended the trial on Tuesday in an alleged coup plot, to await information on the possible roles of Mark 
PM inaugurates Guru Granth Sahib research center in Capital Prime Minister Dr Manmohan Singh inaugurated a research centre in the Capital on Thursday to mark 400 years of compilation of Sikh holy book the Guru Granth Sahib.
Oracle's first monthly patch batch fails to placate critics Behind MS on security, says top bug hunter
MOURINHO TO FACE FAN FURY Jose Mourinho will relish the hostile reception he will receive from the fans who used to adore him when he takes his place in the dug-out at the Estadio Do Dragao.
GM, Toyota, others record drops General Motors Corp. and Ford Motor Co. this week reported disappointing US sales for August, prompting the nation #39;s two largest automakers to cut planned vehicle production in the fourth quarter, which could hurt profits.
European Services Slowed in August Amid Job, Oil Concerns Growth in the European service industries, ranging from banking to telecommunications, slowed in August as households became increasingly concerned about jobs and oil prices reached a record.
NWA drops agent charge Northwest Airlines Corp. canceled controversial fees on tickets bought through some travel agents after the agents and fare distributors objected and rivals didn #39;t match the higher cost.
Data mixed on economy A string of government reports yesterday offered a mixed picture of the US economy. Worker productivity grew at a 2.5 percent annual rate in the second quarter, the 
US Airways, pilots seek common ground Pilots and management at US Airways continue talks Friday in hopes of making a deal to help save the struggling carrier. Negotiations might continue into the Labor Day weekend, says pilots union spokesman Jack Stephan.
Soft Intel outlook spells weakness for tech sector Investors are expected to dump technology shares today in the wake of a financial update last night from bellwether Intel Corp. that one analyst called  quot;a disaster.
Rank to consider all options on Deluxe Leisure firm Rank Group will look at all options on the future of its Deluxe film and video processing business, including a demerger and sale, its chief executive says.
Continental cuts jobs to save \$200 mln SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW) -- Continental Airlines said Thursday it will cut 425 jobs as part of a plan to reduce non-labor costs. Free!
US-CERT Recommends That XP Users Install Service Pack 2 But it also urged users to back up data and check their PC maker #39;s Web site for information or alerts about deploying the Windows upgrade.
Nokia claws back market share by cutting back prices Stockholm - Nokia, the world #39;s biggest cellphone maker, took market share in the second quarter by cutting prices and introducing new models, rebounding from its lowest level since 1999, market researcher Gartner said yesterday.
IBM Opens Up Design of Its Blade Servers International Business Machines Corp. (IBM.N: Quote, Profile, Research) said it is making the design of its  quot;blade quot; computer servers widely available, in a move designed to gain wider 
IBM recalls melting laptop adaptors IBM said on Thursday that it will recall about 553,000 AC power adapters worldwide for several models of its laptop computers because of potential fire and electrical shock hazards.
Red Hat Names New CFO as Class-Action Suits Loom More than two months after Red Hat #39;s chief financial officer resigned and the company announced a change in its accounting methods, the Linux distributor on Thursday named Charles E. Peters Jr.
Napster Tests Music-On-The-Go Subscription Service Napster on Thursday said it #39;s testing a monthly subscription service that would let customers download an unlimited number of songs and play them on portable music devices 
Alien Jadoo comes calling Koi Mil Gaya  #39;s sci-fi plot may not have stretched reality too far. Jadoo the alien, might not have landed on Earth, but it is possible that his kind is trying to get in touch with Earthlings.
Leaner Longhorn Will Delay Microsoft Business Framework The vendor confirned that the delay in the release of its next-generation file system will also push back the release of the Windows programming layer.
US government, companies warn of critical Oracle flaws The US government #39;s Computer Emergency Response Team (US-CERT) and software security companies have issued warnings about a number of security vulnerabilities in versions of Oracle Corp.
Video Game Maker Acclaim Files for Bankruptcy Video game publisher Acclaim Entertainment Inc. AKLM.PK , which has been hampered by a lack of hit titles, filed for bankruptcy liquidation on Thursday after failing to line up new financing.
Veritas buys email archiver Storage software giant Veritas is moving its customers deeper into email archiving through its agreement to acquire KVault Software (KVS).
Found: Nessie #39;s distant cousin A fossil resembling the Loch Ness monster has been found on a remote Arctic island. The well-preserved bones belonged to a plesiosaur, a giant marine reptile with a long neck and tail, plump body and legs which evolved into flippers.
Gaming Cell Phone: Take Two Nokia #39;s N-Gage QD addresses many of its predecessor #39;s problems, but it #39;s still a big phone. Nokia #39;s N-Gage gaming cell phone was the Gigli of the tech world when it first came out last year.
Blu-ray Disc To Support MPEG-4, VC-1 The Blu-ray Disc Association has added the MPEG-4 AVC and VC-1 video codecs to its specification for prerecorded Blu-ray Disc media, it says this week.
 #39;Zippy #39; chipper despite loss A couple of the somebodies around here are going to walk away from Flushing Meadow with a million bucks apiece in their petty cash stash.
Woodgate: It #39;s not the end for Bobby Jonathan Woodgate is in no doubt Sir Bobby Robson will return to management once he recovers from the shock of his Newcastle dismissal.
RFU accept Woodward #39;s resignation Sir Clive Woodward #39;s resignation as England coach has been accepted by the Rugby Football Union with immediate effect. It came after his lawyers spent the day locked in talks with the RFU.
Federer rolls on To say that Roger Federer has come a long way is something of an under-statement but that fact rang home with a great clarity when he beat the 19-year-old Marcos Baghadatis from Cyprus 6-2, 6-7, 6-3, 6-1 to reach the third round at the US Open.
Brazils Lima returns home to heros welcome SAO PAULO (Brazil): Olympic marathon bronze medallist Vanderlei de Lima, who was tackled by a spectator while leading the race, came home Wednesday to a heros welcome and said he was thrilled to earn a medal even though his fellow Brazilians believe he 
Schu OK after crash Formula One champion Michael Schumacher escaped uninjured yesterday after a high-speed crash during a testing session. Schumacher #39;s Ferrari was seriously damaged in the crash, which was 
Smith is latest injury blow for Windies ST JOHN #39;S, Antigua (CMC) - West Indies have suffered another injury setback ahead of the ICC Champions Trophy, starting in Britain next week.
Kicking it around Observers say: Thomas is a great little defender who never quits and loves to run. He #39;ll even take the odd run up the field with the ball.
NHL labor talks are stalled The NHL and the players association completed a three-day round of talks Thursday in Montreal and were no closer to a deal that might save the upcoming season.
BASEBALL ROUNDUP Redman Helps Put A #39;s Back on Track ark Redman pitched seven strong innings for his 10th victory and Billy McMillon homered to lead the Oakland Athletics past the White Sox, 4-2, in Chicago yesterday.
Second team drops finale SEATTLE With final preseason cuts looming this weekend, Vikings coach Mike Tice certainly gave himself an opportunity to thoroughly evaluate his reserves Thursday night.
Tiger #39;s father has a relapse Tiger Woods has more than golf on his mind as he prepares for the Deutsche Bank Championship near Boston: His father, Earl, has had a relapse of prostate cancer.
Iran says nuclear plan is no secret TEHRAN, Iran -- Iran acknowledged Thursday that it plans to process tons of raw uranium, but said the UN nuclear watchdog agency was informed about the move long ago and accused the United States of sensationalizing the matter.
UN: Sudan has failed to rein in Janjaweed New York - Sudan #39;s government has not stopped attacks on  quot;terrorised and traumatised quot; civilians in the Darfur region, United Nations secretary-general Kofi Annan has said.
At least one Saudi policeman killed in clashes with gunmen Gunmen clashed with Saudi police Friday in a town northeast of Riyadh, killing one officer and injuring three, Al-Arabiya television reported.
US wins bid to curb Syria in Lebanon Stepping into the middle of Syria #39;s bid to extend its influence over neighboring Lebanon, the US yesterday won UN Security Council approval of a resolution 
Claiming victory, Palestinian security prisoners end 19-day hunger &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Palestinian security prisoners ended their hunger strike yesterday as they declared their 19-day protest succeeded in achieving most of their demands.
Curfew eased in tense Kathmandu KATHMANDU: Nepalese authorities have briefly lifted a curfew to let people carry out essential tasks after a quiet night following riots that left two dead.
Oil Could Help Japan Resolve Territorial Fight With Russia Wearing a white windbreaker to protect him from the Siberian wind, Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi stood on the bridge of a Japanese Coast Guard patrol boat on Thursday 
Militia Leaders Charging Betrayal by Iraqi Premier Leaders of the insurgent Mahdi Army declared Thursday that they had been betrayed by Prime Minister Ayad Allawi, who has been trying to lure away the militia #39;s supporters with millions of dollars in aid.
Four killed in Israeli incursion Three Palestinian men and a boy were killed and 44 others wounded Thursday during an incursion by 12 Israeli armored vehicles into the central Gaza town of Deir al-Balah, Palestinian sources told CNN.
Sharapova, Venus Struggle to Win at Open (AP) AP - Maria Sharapova zinged shots so sharply against Jelena Jankovic, many fans at Louis Armstrong Stadium left their seats early in hopes of finding a more competitive match. They missed seeing things get kind of interesting at the U.S. Open.
Intel Cuts Revenue Outlook; Stock Falls (Reuters) Reuters - Intel Corp.  on Thursday\cut its third-quarter revenue and profit margin forecast after\demand for both its computer microprocessors and communications\chips weakened beyond expectations. Its stock fell nearly 8\percent.
IBM Recalls 553,000 Laptop Power Units Worldwide (Reuters) Reuters - IBM said on Thursday it will recall\about 553,000 AC power adapters worldwide for several models of\its laptop computers because of potential fire and electrical\shock hazards.
Bush to Avoid Sneak Peek at Jobs Data (Reuters) Reuters - Financial markets may be all ears on\Thursday night for hints about August job growth from President\Bush, but they will be listening in vain since he plans to\purposely avoid an early peek.
Afghans Face Violent Short Cut to Democracy (Reuters) Reuters - A Taliban bombing campaign is expected to\herald Afghanistan's historic presidential polls on October 9,\but after a quarter-century of foreign occupation, civil war,\and Taliban rule, Afghans are philosophical.
Intel Drives Tech Sell-Off as Data Looms (Reuters) Reuters - A sell-off in tech stocks following\Intel Corp.'s disappointing outlook pushed Asian shares lower\on Friday, overpowering pockets of strength in some financial,\consumer and industrial issues.
Red Sox Take Control of AL Wild-Card Race (AP) AP - The surging Boston Red Sox have seized control of the AL wild-card race  #151; with an eye on winning their division. Derek Lowe (13-10) pitched effectively into the eighth inning and Boston completed a three-game sweep of the Anaheim Angels with a 4-3 victory Thursday night  #151; the Red Sox's season-high ninth straight win.
U.S. Says UN Not Being Tough Enough on Sudan (Reuters) Reuters - The United States\accused Sudan on Thursday of using attack helicopters against\African villagers and said the United Nations was not being\tough enough on Khartoum.
Dollar Pauses as Market Awaits Jobs Data (Reuters) Reuters - The dollar held steady across the board\on Friday as the market readied itself for a U.S. jobs report\later in the session which is likely to set the tone for\expectations of U.S. interest rate rises.
No. 20 Utah Beats Texas A M 41-21 (AP) AP - Alex Smith threw for three touchdowns, rushed for two more and finished with 435 yards of offense, and No. 20 Utah backed up its first preseason ranking with a 41-21 win over Texas A amp;M on Thursday night.
Patriots Routed Before Quest for Repeat (AP) AP - The Super Bowl champs ended their exhibition season with a three-game losing streak and a 31-0 setback. Hey, at least they should be rested for their regular-season opener.
Japan's flat-screen TV makers under pressure to cut costs: analysts (AFP) AFP - Falling prices may be making flat-screen televisions more appealing to consumers who covet the latest in technology, but analysts warn companies producing them will have to adjust quickly or risk losing out.
Shinsei Bank to Buy Consumer Credit Co. (AP) AP - Tokyo-based Shinsei Bank is wrapping up an agreement to buy a consumer credit company from UFJ Holdings, a Japanese banking group that is set to merge with another "Big Four" Japanese financial group.
Does Your Phone Speak QWERTY? (PC World) PC World - Today's hottest cell phones feature full keyboards.
Best Buy's 2Q Sales Increase 13 Percent (AP) AP - Best Buy Co. Inc.'s second-quarter results will show a 13 percent increase in revenue and 4.3 percent growth in same-store sales, the nation's largest consumer electronics retailer said Thursday.
Women Says Kids Left in Nigeria Are Angry (AP) AP - The adoptive mother of seven children found malnourished at a Nigerian orphanage said Thursday the youngsters could be lying about claims of physical and emotional abuse because they were upset about their ordeal.
Fire Midfielder Armas Has Knee Surgery (AP) AP - Chicago Fire midfielder Chris Armas will be out for four to six weeks after undergoing arthroscopic surgery on his right knee.
Six Apart Releases Movable Type 3.1 (TechWeb) TechWeb - Six Apart released a new version of its popular blogging software only three months after Movable Type 3.0.
Enterprise Search Vendors Eye Emerging Markets (Ziff Davis) Ziff Davis - FAST launches an application to help directory publishers compete in local search, while Copernic dives into the desktop-search arena.
In Nebraska, Football Feeds State's Ego (AP) AP - Decades ago, a beleaguered Nebraska football coach raised a stink across the plains when he said he didn't think this state could be great at anything.
Intel Cuts Revenue Outlook; Stock Falls  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Intel Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=INTC.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;INTC.O&lt;/A&gt; on Thursday  cut its third-quarter revenue and profit margin forecast after  demand for both its computer microprocessors and communications  chips weakened beyond expectations. Its stock fell nearly 8  percent.
Australian high court limits unions' right to strike (AFP) AFP - Australian Prime Minister John Howard has welcomed a far-reaching High Court ruling that bars trade unions from taking industrial action over political, social or environmental issues.
Massu Gets Penalized Game for Racket Abuse (AP) AP - Nicolas Massu cracked his racket on a fence. Later, he slammed it off the court and it bounced head-high. After being docked a game in what would be the second-longest match in U.S. Open history, he delayed play 10 minutes while arguing.
Bush Pledges Safer World, Resumes Stumping (AP) AP - President Bush pledged "a safer world and a more hopeful America" as he accepted his party's nomination for a second term in office and plunged into the final two months of his re-election campaign. He promptly drew fire Friday from challenger John Kerry that he was "unfit to lead this country."
Bush to Avoid Sneak Peek at Jobs Data  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Financial markets may be all ears on  Thursday night for hints about August job growth from President  Bush, but they will be listening in vain since he plans to  purposely avoid an early peek.
2,500-Year-Old Hidden Tomb Found in Egypt (AP) AP - Egypt's antiquities chief on Thursday revealed a 2,500-year-old hidden tomb under the shadow of one of Giza's three giant pyramids, containing 400 pinkie-finger-sized statues and six coffin-sized niches carved into granite rock.
NL Wrap: Pujols Goes Deep Again as Cardinals Cruise  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Albert Pujols belted his major-league  leading 43rd homer and Jim Edmonds followed with a two-run shot  as the St Louis Cardinals eased to a 7-2 win over the San Diego  Padres in National League action Thursday.
Scientists to Map Known Universe (AP) AP - The radio telescope at Puerto Rico's Arecibo Observatory will begin mapping the known galaxy on Friday, scientists said.
GOP Convention Closes With Milder Protests (AP) AP - A week of rallies, marches and nearly 1,800 arrests left anti-Bush protesters drained and the city refuting allegations that demonstrators were held too long in police custody.
Study Finds Scallop Fishing Harms Turtles (AP) AP - A new federal study has found that more threatened loggerhead sea turtles are injured or killed by the mid-Atlantic scallop fishery than earlier estimates indicated.
AL Wrap: Yankees Rout Indians to Edge Series, Oakland Wins  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The New York Yankees wrapped up their  eventful three-game series against the Cleveland Indians with  an easy 9-1 win in American League action Thursday.
Hair Stem Cells May Offer Baldness, Burn Treatments (Reuters) Reuters - Master cells found deep inside hair\follicles might offer a new way to treat baldness and burn\victims, U.S. researchers reported on Thursday.
Floridians Flee as Monster Storm Looms (Reuters) Reuters - Some 2.5 million people were urged to\leave their homes and Florida residents jammed the roads on\Thursday as Hurricane Frances roared toward the crowded\southeast U.S. coast with enough sheer size and force to cause\major devastation.
Seas Only Hope for World Water Supply, Says Spain (Reuters) Reuters - The world's fast-growing thirst for\water can only be met by purifying sea water as rivers and\reservoirs become unable to meet demand, Spain said on Thursday\unveiling a major program to fight its own chronic shortages.
Goss Quote Box (AP) AP - Quotes from Rep. Porter Goss, R-Fla., picked by President Bush to head the CIA:
Dollar Pauses as Market Awaits Jobs Data  LONDON (Reuters) - The dollar held steady across the board  on Friday as the market readied itself for a U.S. jobs report  later in the session which is likely to set the tone for  expectations of U.S. interest rate rises.
Silent Running: 'Black Triangle' Sightings on the Rise (SPACE.com) SPACE.com - They have become legendary in UFO circles. Huge, \silent-running Flying Triangles have been seen by ground observers creeping \through the sky low and slow near cities and quietly cruising over \highways.
Tiny Space Rocks Help Settle Astronomical Debate (SPACE.com) SPACE.com - A pair of miniscule meteorite grains has helped astronomers settle a long-running debate on the origins of space dust belched out by dying stars.
Northwest Air Says Cancels New Ticket Fee  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Northwest Airlines Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=NWAC.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;NWAC.O&lt;/A&gt;  said on Thursday it canceled a new fee it charged travel  agencies for a round-trip domestic ticket booked through global  distribution systems, effective immediately.
Rare Finch Nest Found in Wyo. Snowy Range (AP) AP - A rare nest of brown-capped rosy finches was discovered recently in a crack in a cliff high in the Snowy Range. Little is known about the species and only six or seven such nests have ever been found, according to David McDonald, associate professor in the University of Wyoming Department of Zoology and Physiology.
Report Says That Cats Can Spread Bird Flu (AP) AP - Cats not only can catch the deadly bird flu but can spread it to other felines, Dutch researchers reported Thursday  #151; raising important questions about the pets' role in outbreaks.
Auto Stocks Surge After Weak Sales  DETROIT (Reuters) - General Motors Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=GM.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;GM.N&lt;/A&gt; on Thursday  led a late-day rally in auto stocks, one day after the world's  largest automaker posted dismal U.S. sales results for August  and cut vehicle production.
FSU-Miami Showdown and Florida Opener Postponed by Hurricane  MIAMI (Sports Network) - Add the marquee showdown between  fifth-ranked Florida State and No. 6 Miami-Florida to the list  of sporting events postponed by Hurricane Frances.
Payless Sales Drop, President Exits  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Footwear chain Payless ShoeSource Inc.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=PSS.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;PSS.N&lt;/A&gt; on Thursday posted worse-than-expected sales at stores  open at least a year in August and said its president, Duane  Cantrell, will step down effective immediately, sending its  shares down 8 percent.
Season Over for Cardinals' Shipp  TEMPE, Ariz. (Sports Network) - The Arizona Cardinals  placed running back Marcel Shipp and fullback James Hodgins on  injured reserve Wednesday night, effectively ending their  seasons.
U.N. Warns Syria Against Interfering in Lebanon  UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - A U.S.-drafted resolution  telling Syria to withdraw its forces from Lebanon and warning  against foreign interference in Beirut's presidential election  squeaked through the U.N. Security Council on Thursday.
Argentina Clears Suspects in Anti-Jewish Bomb  BUENOS AIRES, Argentina (Reuters) - An Argentine court on  Thursday acquitted five suspected accomplices in the 1994  bombing of a Jewish community center in which 85 people were  killed and ordered new probes into the case's botched  investigation.
Herbert  Haft Redefined The Rules of Retail In the Washington retail landscape, only a few signs of Herbert H. Haft's business empire remain. But his contribution to the way Americans shop is felt every day by just about any consumer who buys a product at a discount.
Lieber Shines, Distancing Yankees From 'a Dark Time' Aided by a majestic three-run home run by Alex Rodriguez and three hits and three runs batted in by Gary Sheffield, Jon Lieber won for the first time since Aug. 13.
Stunning Herself, a Young Russian Ousts Myskina Anna Chakvetadze, a qualifier ranked 175th in the world, jolted the U.S. Open on Thursday with an upset victory over Anastasia Myskina, 7-6 (3), 6-3.
Despite Loss, the Giants' Line Shows Progress Kurt Warner's first preseason as the Giants' starting quarterback ended ominously as he was sacked twice more Thursday night.
Haiti Won't Yield to Rebel Demands, President Says  PORT-AU-PRINCE, Haiti (Reuters) - Haitian President  Boniface Alexandre said on Thursday his administration would  not give in to rebels who took over a southern town six days  ago to back demands for the reestablishment of the army.
Riggs Probe Finds Evidence of Crimes Riggs Bank investigators have found evidence of possible criminal activities by some former employees who managed the accounts of former Chilean dictator Augusto Pinochet and have referred their findings to federal prosecutors, according to several sources.
Americans Fail to Match Russians' Level of Desire For the second time in two games, the veteran United States team was outscored, outshot, outskated and outplayed in the World Cup of Hockey tournament.
Iraq Militants Kill Three Turks, Bomb Oil Pipeline  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Militants bombed Iraq's northern oil  pipeline to Turkey on Thursday, halting exports, and killed  three Turkish hostages in a campaign to wreck reconstruction  efforts and undermine the interim government.
Wall Street Looks to Voters NEW YORK, Sept. 2 -- The stock market went whisper quiet this week as Republicans convened in Madison Square Garden to renominate George W. Bush for president.
Bribery Considered, Halliburton Notes Suggest  An internal Halliburton Co. investigation has uncovered handwritten notes suggesting that former employees considered offering bribes to Nigerian officials a decade ago to secure work in a \$5 billion project to build a natural gas liquefaction plant.
In Normally Strong August, Retail Sales Rise by 1.1 Percent  From department stores to discounters, the nation's retailers reported sluggish August sales yesterday as consumers cut back spending during the generally lucrative back-to-school shopping month.
Team's play lately has been divine We need a name for these guys. The Yankee Clippers? The Sons of Tito? How about the No More Nomars?
Discount Retailing Giant Stoked Bitter Family Feud Herbert H. Haft, 84, the Washington area discount retailer whose drive to sell drugs at cut-rate prices made him a multimillionaire and whose empire dissolved in a nasty and very public family feud in the 1990s, died Thursday at Sibley Memorial Hospital.
Ratings say Red Sox are team to watch Wednesday night's Red Sox-Angels game was the highest-rated telecast in NESN's 20-year history, returning a 15.1 rating in the Boston market. The audience peaked at an 18.8 rating during the quarter-hour beginning at 9 p.m.
China set for surge in car sales The number of cars on China's roads is set to rise sevenfold to 140 million by 2020, according to government forecasts.
Intel gloom weighs on chip stocks Intel, the world's leading computer chip maker, slashes its revenue forecasts, triggering a decline in global chip stocks.
Mobile phone sales grow strongly Global mobile phone sales grew 35 to over 150 million in the second quarter, say industry analysts Gartner.
NL notables The Mets' Jeff Keppinger got his first major league steal in the seventh, swiping second.
AL notables The Yankees have won 10 of their last 11 home games against Cleveland. Baltimore outscored Tampa Bay, 31-8, in the three-game series.
CBI boss blasts 'outdated' unions The leader of the CBI has launched his strongest attack on the unions to date, claiming they are becoming "irrelevant".
Yankees pummel Indians That record-setting defeat appears to have stirred up the Yankees. Gary Sheffield had three RBIs to reach 100 for the seventh time, Alex Rodriguez hit a three-run homer, and Jon Lieber pitched seven shutout innings to lead the Yankees to their second straight win, 9-1 over the Cleveland Indians last night in New York.
File this one as a missing persons report Not many questions were answered last night at Razor Blade Field but one question, at least, was obvious. Who were those guys?
UK house prices retreat in August UK house prices fell by 0.6 in August as recent interest rate rises took hold, the Halifax says.
Davey's spot secured Patriots fans, for better or worse, received a long, hard look at Tom Brady's backup last night.
Browns ready to rebound On a recent campaign stop, President Bush dropped in to visit the Cleveland Browns before one of their training camp practices.
21:53 Sonny : ah voil la connexion au PC remarche Dans une newsletter envoye  ses abonns, Electronic Arts a rvl une information trs intressante : un nouveau Command  amp; Conquer est en prparation.
Ogden injures knee Baltimore All-Pro tackle Jonathan Ogden sprained his left knee late in the first quarter of the Ravens' 27-17 win over the New York Giants last night in East Rutherford, N.J., and was helped from the field.
UN backs Lebanon sovereignty call The Security Council calls for foreign troops to leave Lebanon -  a move aimed at reducing Syrian influence.
He has been making his mark on defense They threw Carlos Bocanegra into the deep end of the soccer field last December. A few days after Bocanegra arrived in London to play for Fulham FC, he was assigned to mark Newcastle United's forwards, including scoring machine Alan Shearer.
Risks on both sides seen in Kobe Bryant civil case EAGLE, Colo. -- In pressing on with her civil suit against NBA star Kobe Bryant, the woman accusing him of rape will not have to meet the higher standard of proof required in a criminal case.
Frances postpones games Florida State and Miami will still play in prime time, just four days later than planned.
Wildcat strike stuns Hens One might assume there was little reason for optimism. The University of New Hampshire, a once-mighty Division 1-AA program that has posted just one winning record since 1997, entered last night's game against defending Division 1-AA national champion and top-ranked Delaware battling staph infections that sidelined many of its players.
UK jail suicides at record high Figures seen by the BBC show that in August self-inflicted deaths in English prisons reached a new monthly high.
No softening on EU-US air subsidy row A Trans-Atlantic row over European and American state subsidies to aircraft manufacturers has not softened after a first meeting between EU and US trade negotiators.
Low fat diets 'as good as Atkins' Low fat diets are as good as the Atkins diet when it comes to losing weight over the long term, a study says.
Return man back for more There wasn't much more Will Blackmon could have done for his Boston College teammates in last night's 19-11 victory over Ball State.
Rhodies form band The secret, if there is one, cannot be found in the sea air. But if the Atlantic could be credited for the growing tidal wave of Rhode Islanders who have washed over the PGA in recent years, then Bristol's Billy Andrade figures the winning formula must be traced to the clams.  quot;Yeah, I'd say it's the littlenecks, quot; mused ...
Tennis: Agassi goes through Andre Agassi goes through after Florian Mayer is forced to retire injured.
Kim states her case with 62 Christina Kim made 11 birdies and tied the tournament record of 10-under-par 62 yesterday for a two-shot lead after the opening round of the LPGA State Farm Classic in Springfield, Ill.
Baseball star's mother abducted The Venezuelan mother of major league baseball pitcher Ugueth Urbina is kidnapped near Caracas.
Merrimack Valley Conference ANDOVER Coach: Ken Maglio (ninth year, 37-46-2). Last year's record: 5-6. Returning starters (13): Mike Cerchione, OT/DT, 6-4, 255, Sr.; Buddy Farnham, WR/S, 6-0, 176, Jr.; John Fox, WR/DB, 5-10, 170, Sr.; Shaheen Ghandchi, RB/DB, 5-9, 177, Sr.; Mike Gustin, G/DT, 6-0, 253, Sr.; Matt Hennessey, RB/DB, 5-8, 193, Sr.; Kyle MacKenzie, G/DT, 6-0, 217, Sr.; Matt Martin, WR/DB, 5-9, ...
In serious condition We have managed to keep the major pieces of our fabled Boston healthcare institutions more or less intact so far, but the relentless market keeps testing the system, looking for the weakest link.
Plenty of highlights on this trip Nowhere does the rivalry between the Evil Empire and Red Sox Nation crackle more intensely than here, on the  quot;campus quot; of ESPN, built smack on the not-so-well-defined emotional boundary between New York and Boston.
Target to pay \$1m in item price suit Target Corp. has agreed to pay \$1 million to settle a class-action lawsuit alleging it failed to stamp prices on merchandise, the fourth in a string of agreements over the past two years costing major retailers more than \$8 million in fees and millions more in compliance measures.
'Zippy' chipper despite loss A couple of the somebodies around here are going to walk away from Flushing Meadow with a million bucks apiece in their petty cash stash. You can call them champ.
US Airways passengers check options US Airways is dangerously close to its second Chapter 11 filing in two years, a bankruptcy that could cripple the airline and its frequent fliers if it fails to cut costs severely.
For local businesses, not much of a boost NEW YORK -- Two blocks south of Madison Square Garden, in a microcosm of what New Yorkers have been experiencing all week in this busy midtown neighborhood, a few feet of pavement told a tale of two cities.
Today's schedule Pro baseball: Texas vs. Red Sox at Fenway Park, 7 p.m.; International League -- Rochester vs. Pawtucket at McCoy Stadium, Pawtucket, R.I., 7 p.m.
Data mixed on economy WASHINGTON -- A string of government reports yesterday offered a mixed picture of the US economy.
Intel lowers quarterly forecast High-tech bellwether Intel Corp. lowered its financial outlook yesterday, providing the latest sign of the economy's doldrums.
Sharing is part of program Thoroughbred racing will return to Rockingham Park for the first time since September 2002 when the Salem, N.H., track hosts three grass races Sunday. Rock will hold an 11-race card, with the first eight races harness contests. As far as the Rock publicity department can determine, it will be the first time standardbreds and thoroughbreds have shared a racing program.
In fund scandal wake-up call, investors hit snooze A year after the mutual fund industry's biggest scandal, investors remain surprisingly ignorant of regulatory probes into trading schemes that bilked hundreds of millions of dollars from their portfolios, a survey said yesterday.
Transactions BASEBALL Major League Baseball: Suspended Texas 3B coach Steve Smith two games and fined him an undisclosed amount for inappropriate actions and comments made to umpire Jerry Meals during an Aug. 25 game; suspended Chicago Cubs P Kent Mercker three games and fined him an undisclosed amount for inappropriate actions during an Aug. 27 game; suspended Houston manager Phil Garner ...
Some trade their privacy for car-insurance discounts For two months, Jacob Sevlie's insurance company tagged along whenever he slid behind the wheel of his Honda Accord. An electronic monitor closely tracked Sevlie's driving time and behavior. If he had a heavy foot or was a sudden braker, the recorder would betray him.
Bank's investment unit names executive Bank of America Corp.'s investment arm, Columbia Management , named Christopher Wilson head of mutual funds, replacing Kevin Connaughton, who will continue to work for the company. Connaughton held the position in an interim capacity, a spokeswoman said. He moved over from FleetBoston Financial Corp. , where he was head of mutual funds, in the companies' April 1 merger. The ...
Continental Airlines to cut 425 jobs Continental Airlines Inc. said yesterday it would cut about 425 jobs, or 1 percent of its work force, through staff reductions, attrition, and elimination of unfilled vacancies as part of an effort to trim expenses by another \$200 million.
Cats may carry the bird flu virus \The bird flu virus that can kill humans has the potential to be spread by cats, scientists have found.
Purchased unit mulled bribes, says Halliburton HOUSTON -- Halliburton Co. says an internal investigation has found that a consortium it later took over had once considered bribing Nigerian officials to win an energy contract.
First black judge joining British High Court Britain appointed its first black High Court judge yesterday and she predicted she would be ''the first of many. quot; The Department for Constitutional Affairs confirmed the appointment of Linda Dobbs, 53, the first black lawyer promoted beyond the ranks of circuit judges, who hear lesser cases. Joining the High Court will give her access to some of the country's most ...
Three Turkish hostages believed killed  BAGHDAD -- A Paris newspaper editor said there had been positive movement in the effort to free two captive French journalists yesterday, while a separate militant group said it had killed three Turkish captives.
Accused deserter set to face Army trial TOKYO -- Responding to Sergeant Charles Robert Jenkins's pledge to surrender after spending four decades in North Korea, US military officials say they are ready to put the frail 64-year-old back in uniform, give him a haircut, set him up in on-base housing -- and then try him for desertion.
July Factory Orders Exceeded Forecasts; Productivity Pace Slows July factory orders rose the most in four months, exceeding forecasts, and productivity gains slowed last quarter.
Qaeda link seen as bid to deflect criticism MOSCOW -- President Vladimir V. Putin depicts rebels in Chechnya as part of the international terrorist threat spearheaded by Al Qaeda. But analysts say the Chechen insurgency remains largely a nationalist movement aimed at winning independence from Russia.
US eyes fight on Sadr home turf  BAGHDAD -- The fight with renegade Shi'ite cleric Moqtada al-Sadr is not over and the US military must retake his stronghold in Baghdad's Sadr City slum, a top US commander said yesterday.
Bold Strokes, Few Details For a nation divided over his stewardship and dubious about the war with Iraq, President Bush had one overriding message: He's still the one.
Children's Place Is to Be Heard The children's retailer turns in sparkling 21 same-store sales growth for August.
As Florida Braces for 2nd Big Storm, the Flight Begins More than 2.5 million people along the water were asked to evacuate  the largest number in state history.
Xerces 2.6.1 and BOM \\XML which is UTF-16 encoded is supposed to have a prolog (first two bytes)\called a BOM  of FF FE to signal that the feed you're about to parse is\multibyte.  The only problem is that (and get this) Xerces doesn't support this\prolog!\\"Exception in thread "main" org.apache.commons.feedparser.FeedParserException:\org.jdom.JDOMException: Error in building from stream: Content is not allowed\in prolog.: Content is not allowed in prolog."\\Sam Ruby was nice enough to put out a bunch of unit tests  for UTF-16 and\they won't even parse within Xerces.\\...\
Check Out Rojo \\John Battelle blogs about Rojo :\\"Yesterday I hung out with Chris Alden, a founder of the original Red Herring\who has moved his focus to publishing in a Web 2.0 world (in other words, a\fellow traveler). He's putting the finishing touches on a new publishing\platform/feed reader called Rojo (think "mojo") that he and his team have been\working on for quite some time now. It's moved into invitation-only beta\recently, and he gave me a tour. I liked it quite a bit. Think of it as a\second-generation RSS aggregator with some subtle social networking,\recommendation, and republishing juice."\\I co-founded Rojo about a year ago with Chris Alden  and Mark Graham\(peace.net, iVillage, etc) after  ...\\
Agassi Plows Ahead On a day when the French Open men's and women's champions lose and blame their defeats on fatigue, a bouncy, energetic Andre Agassi advances to the weekend for the 14th time in 19 U.S. Open appearances.
0-for-2 in World Cup Russia outhustles the American squad and deals Team USA its second consecutive loss, 3-1, Thursday night.
FSU-Miami Postponed Hurricane Frances forces the postponement of Monday's college football season opener between Florida State and Miami.
Holdsclaw Practices Mystics forward Chamique Holdsclaw touched off more speculation Thursday by practicing with the team a day after being placed on the injured list.
Will Hurricane Frances Clip Retailers? Chico's may be a hot retailer, but its Labor Day weekend looks threatened.
Mids Need Motivation Coming off its third winning season in the last 20 years, Navy has looked sluggish on offense and uninspired overall during the last several weeks of practice.
Red Sox Sweep Angels Derek Lowe pitches effectively into the eighth inning, and Boston takes control of the wild-card race Thursday night by completing a three-game sweep of Anaheim.
English Seasoning For the Maryland Terrapins, however, it was hardly a routine preseason. The Terps spent 11 days in the birthplace of modern-day soccer, Britain.
Web services patents fetch \$15.5 million SAN FRANCISCO--A mysterious bidder paid \$15.5 million Monday in a bankruptcy court auction of dozens of Internet-related patents--and then rushed out of the courtroom.
Red Sox Take Control of AL Wild-Card Race The surging Boston Red Sox have seized control of the AL wild-card race - with an eye on winning their division. Derek Lowe (13-10) pitched effectively into the eighth inning and Boston completed a three-game sweep of the Anaheim Angels with a 4-3 victory Thursday night - the Red Sox's season-high ninth straight win...
Editor: Hostages in Iraq Given to Group BAGHDAD, Iraq - A Paris newspaper editor said Thursday that two French journalists held by kidnappers were turned over to an Iraqi opposition group, raising hopes that they could soon be released. A separate militant group in Iraq said it had killed three Turkish captives...
Catholic Church Files for Bankruptcy While the city of Spokane is racing to get out of federal court, the local Catholic Church is plunging head-long in, and now the fate of the Spokane Diocese rests in the hands of a federal judge.
Bush Pledges 'Nothing Will Hold Us Back' NEW YORK - President Bush picked apart John Kerry's record on the Iraq war and tax cuts Thursday night and summoned the nation toward victory over terrorism and economic security at home. "Nothing will hold us back," he said in a Republican National Convention acceptance speech that launched his fall re-election campaign...
1,000 People May Be in Russian School BESLAN, Russia - Heavily armed militants who seized a school three days ago are holding at least 1,000 students, teachers and parents hostage inside the building, far more than previously thought, a released hostage and a regional official said.    Russian officials had said that about 350 people were being held by raiders who seized the school in the North Ossetian city of Beslan on Wednesday...
Four China Aviation Execs Surrender Passports To Police-2 SINGAPORE (Dow Jones)--China Aviation Oil Singapore Corp. (C47.SG) Tuesday said four executives have surrendered their passports to Singapore police as the investigation into Singapore #39;s worst financial scandal continues.
Turkish Captives in Iraq Executed, Videotape Shows A militant group run by a Jordanian-born insurgent released a videotape showing its members killing three men identified as Turkish hostages, according to al-Jazeera television.
UPDATE: Intel lowers Q3 revenue estimates SAN FRANCISCO - Citing lower than expected product sales, Intel Corp. on Thursday lowered its revenue expectations for the third quarter of its 2004 fiscal year, which ends on Sept. 25.
RNC - Stock options top tech lobbying list at convention NEW YORK - While the prime-time speeches at Madison Square Garden occupy center stage at this week's Republican National Convention, much of the event's real politicking is taking place at hundreds of private receptions scattered throughout Manhattan. At two tech-focused gatherings Wednesday, industry companies, lobbying groups and politicians came together to network and consider the IT industry's legislative agenda.
Body and brain of gamers probed The games industry could benefit from scientific "mood profiling" to develop hit games, researchers say.
Slack security for old computers Less than 25 of old computers sold or given away by companies have had data removed, a survey suggests. 
IBM Recalls 553,000 Laptop Power Units Worldwide  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - IBM said on Thursday it will recall  about 553,000 AC power adapters worldwide for several models of  its laptop computers because of potential fire and electrical  shock hazards.
Bribery Considered, Halliburton Notes Suggest An internal Halliburton Co. investigation has uncovered handwritten notes suggesting that former employees considered offering bribes to Nigerian officials a decade ago to secure work 
Allied Domecq Says Profit Rose on US Spirits Demand (Update2) Allied Domecq Plc, the world #39;s second- largest liquor maker, said fiscal 2004 earnings rose on US demand for spirits including Malibu rum.
Rank to Sell Deluxe Movie Business After Profit Drop (Update3) Rank Group Plc, a UK distributor of movies for half a century, plans to exit the film industry after losses at its DVD and cinema production business.
Southeast Asia Urged to Embrace Free Trade The leader of Southeast Asia #39;s biggest country, Indonesia, on Friday urged economic ministers from the region to put aside their differences and work toward economic integration akin to the European Union #39;s.
US-CERT Urges All To Install XP SP2 The US Computer Emergency Response Team (US-CERT), the federally-funded security clearinghouse and alert center, put its two cents in this week and recommended that every Windows XP user install the Service Pack 2 update.
IBM recalls 500,000 melting notebook adapters More than 500,000 notebook power adapters sold by IBM are being recalled to offset the threat of melting plastic and even fire. IBM and the US Consumer Product Safety Commission announced the recall, saying 
Myskina is toppled by Chakvetadze NEW YORK, US -- Russian qualifier Anna Chakvetadze shocked lackluster French Open champion Anastasia Myskina by beating her 7-6 6-3 in the second round of the US Open in New York.
Davenport Finds an Open Win Is No Sure Thing espite a four-tournament victory streak heading into the United States Open, Lindsay Davenport received a reminder today that her momentum could stop at any time.
Radke strikes out nine Rangers Brad Radke, Torii Hunter and the rest of the Minnesota Twins were on the brink of contraction three years ago. Now they #39;re poised for a third straight division title.
PM welcomes Anwar #39;s release OTTAWA -- Prime Minister Paul Martin joined world leaders and Malaysian opposition figures yesterday in welcoming the surprise release of former Malaysian deputy prime minister Anwar Ibrahim after six years in jail.
Palestinian Prisoners End Hunger Strike Palestinian prisoners in Israeli jails on Thursday have effectively ended an 18-day-old hunger strike after most of their demands for better conditions were met, a Palestinian cabinet minister said.
Indonesian police to question officer who treated Bali bomber to &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; JAKARTA: An Indonesian police officer who treated a convicted Bali bomber to coffee in a Jakarta Starbucks is to be questioned over the incident, national police chief General Da #39;i Bachtiar said.
India cautions against breakthroughs at Pakistan talks NEW DELHI: Indian Foreign Minister Natwar Singh has warned not to expect breakthroughs on disputed Kashmir during talks with his Pakistani counterpart this weekend, but said he will push a 72-point plan to boost peace between the neighbours.
Rivals Say Microsoft Online Music Store Falls Short  SEATTLE (Reuters) - Microsoft Corp's. &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=MSFT.O qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;MSFT.O&lt;/A&gt; newly  launched MSN Music download service has a long way to go to  catch up with iTunes and other online services, competitors  said on Thursday.
Intel Cuts Back Projection For 3rd-Quarter Revenue  Intel Corp. lowered its revenue projections for its third quarter yesterday, citing slow consumer purchases across the globe.
Soya boom threat to South America Some of South America's key areas are at risk from soya bean exports, campaigners say.
Alien Contact More Likely by "Mail" Than Radio, Study Says A new study argues that intelligent alien life, should it exist, is more likely to communicate with Earth by sending artifacts, rather than radio waves.
Owls Use Dung to "Fish" for Beetles Burrowing owls have been observed surrounding their nests with excrement from other animals, then waiting patiently for dinner to show up #151;dung beetles.
Scientists Plan to Map Known Universe By FRANK GRIFFITHS    SAN JUAN, Puerto Rico (AP) -- The radio telescope at Puerto Rico's Arecibo Observatory will begin mapping the known galaxy on Friday, scientists said.    The radio telescope, the world's most sensitive listening device that is powerful enough to hear planets forming several billion lights years away, received six more radio receivers to expand its range...
Health Highlights: Sept. 2, 2004 Here are some of the latest health and medical news developments, compiled by editors of HealthDay:    -----     Injuries Rampant in U.S., Study Says       Injuries kill 18 Americans each hour, a new government report says.       That figure translated into 157,000 people in 2001 alone, with no age group, gender, or race exempt, said the first national report for both fatal and nonfatal injuries released Thursday by the U.S...
Apache, open-source groups wary of Sender ID The Apache Foundation pulls support for the antispam technology because of Microsoft's license requirements.
Sun networking foray begins this month Server and software company prepares new foray into market for dot-com infrastructure.
Study shows governments' open-source embrace Dozens of government proposals arise, but never get off the ground.
Briefly: Microsoft tests Windows Marketplace roundup Plus: Nortel delays financials again...Microsoft updates SharePoint...Overture heads toward automation.
Microsoft begins testing Windows Marketplace The online shopping and download center for Windows-related stuff gets a public workout.
Outsourcers combine to take on IT services giants IT services giants will come under pressure from outsourcing alliances, as companies team up to beat the big guns. \
Cell phone sales keep booming Nokia holds on to its No. 1 position, as new buyers and upgraders stoke demand for handsets.
Retailer to follow RFID test with full rollout Germany's Metro Group tested radio tag inventory control for a year and found it good enough to deploy--but not perfect.
Intel lowers third-quarter expectations Tech bellwether cites drop in demand for PC processors and flash memory.
Disk storage outlook dimmer A ray of second-quarter sunshine is overshadowed by clouds on the horizon, according to Gartner.
Computerworld names Betts executive editor, Connors, VP/GM for online Computerworld has named Mitch Betts as its new executive editor and hired Martha Connors for the newly created job of vice president and general manager for the company's online business.
HP helps hospital group cut printing costs, increase efficiency When it needed help managing its 3,300 printers and finding new ways to cut printing expenses, University Hospitals Health System turned to HP.
Longhorn cuts delay Microsoft Business Framework Microsoft's decision to cut WinFS from its Longhorn release means another delay for the Microsoft Business Framework, which promises to make it easier for developers to write business applications for the Windows platform.
Stock options top tech lobbying list at GOP convention At two tech-focused gatherings yesterday, industry companies, lobbying groups and politicians mulled over the IT industry's legislative agenda, including concerns about a move to force companies to expense stock options.
Red Hat names new CFO Six weeks after it changed the way it books support subscription revenue, Linux vendor Red Hat Inc. has named Charles E. Peters Jr. as its new CFO.
Manhattan presents wireless security challenge for RNC While physical security was tightened in New York for this week's GOP convention, IT security researchers uncovered an unsettling number of unencrypted wireless devices that could pose an information security nightmare for convention organizers and delegates.
Nortel again delays filing financial results Embroiled in an accounting scandal that led to the firing of its CEO, Nortel Networks said today that its financial results for 2003 and the first half of 2004 won't be out until the end of October.
Oracle releases delayed security patches Oracle Corp. released several high-risk vulnerabilities reported last month in its database software and other products, and urged customers to download and install them.
Problems bedevil massive EDS system in U.K. A welfare case management and telephony system worth some \$806.5 million is in danger of being unplugged if the agency overseeing it cannot fix technical and procedural processes in the next several months.
Israeli troops wounded in Gaza attack At least two Israeli occupation soldiers are receiving medical treatment after a bomb, said to be planted by the Palestinian resistance, exploded near an Israeli army base in the central Gaza Strip.
IBM recalls notebook power adapters SAN FRANCISCO - IBM Corp. is recalling power adapters that shipped with certain models of its ThinkPad notebooks sold between January 1999 and August 2000.
Appeals court revives Oracle shareholder case NEW YORK - While Oracle Corp. awaits a judge's decision on whether it can continue in its quest to acquire PeopleSoft Inc., the company faced a setback in an unrelated case. An appeals court on Wednesday ruled that a three-year-old shareholder lawsuit charging Oracle and several of its top executives with misleading investors about Oracle's performance may proceed, overturning a lower court's dismissal.
Red Hat names new CFO Two months after announcing the resignation of its chief financial officer and six weeks after it changed the way it books support subscription revenue, Linux vendor Red Hat Inc. has named a new CFO.
US government, companies warn of critical Oracle flaws BOSTON - The U.S. government's Computer Emergency Response Team (US-CERT) and software security companies have issued warnings about a number of security vulnerabilities in versions of Oracle Corp.'s software.
US government agencies aim for software assurance WASHINGTON - U.S. government agencies need to better understand the vulnerabilties of the software they're buying, said IT workers from several government agencies during a software assurance forum in Washington, D.C., this week.
RNC - New York firms use VOIP to avoid convention crowds WASHINGTON - Some New York businesses are using a voice over Internet Protocol (VOIP) feature to avoid the crowds at the Republican National Convention at Madison Square Garden.
3amLabs delivers free remote access management tool Bolstering its lineup of remote access management offerings, 3amLabs on Thursday debuted three products including a free version of its flagship product, LogMeIn, that helps IT managers locate and manage remote access products.
Storage revenues increase in Q2 The latest storage numbers are in and -- big surprise -- storage spending is up.
News In Brief New this month: Office 2003 gets tweaked; Sidekick gets thinner and flashier; more powerful wireless networking is on the way; and hard-drive-based digital music players offer long battery life and lots of storage.
Tiny Drives With Big Brains It's hard to resist these increasingly handy devices. But should you try?
The Playlist: What's Wrong With Digital Music Stores? Though digital music has come a long way, today's online music stores still have significant problems. Here's my fix-it wish list.
New York Firms Call on VoIP Net phones--and their portable phone numbers--help business avoid RNC crowds.
Logitech Launches Laser-Tracking Mouse Device is the first of its kind and can work on most surfaces, company claims.
Insurance Companies Try Out Auto Black Boxes By MATTHEW FORDAHL    (AP) -- For two months, Jacob Sevlie's insurance company tagged along whenever he slid behind the wheel of his Honda Accord.    An electronic monitor the size of a matchbook closely tracked Sevlie's driving time and behavior...
July Factory Orders Exceeded Forecasts; Productivity Pace Slows July factory orders rose the most in four months, exceeding forecasts, and productivity gains slowed last quarter, two government reports released yesterday showed.
Allied Domecq sees earnings growing Allied Domecq, the world #39;s second-biggest spirits company, says its annual earnings will show growth, led by a strong performance of its top spirit brands.
US Chamber of Commerce sues SEC The US Chamber of Commerce filed suit Thursday against the Securities and Exchange Commission over the independent-chair rule for mutual fund boards.
Investors Ignore Mixed Data to Focus on Next Job Report Stocks moved higher in a late-session buying surge yesterday, as oil prices stepped back from their highs and investors shrugged off mixed economic data, focusing with renewed optimism on the government #39;s upcoming jobs report.
Lamy to reassure ASEAN on EU expansion BRUSSELS (DPA): European Union trade chief Pascal Lamy heads off to Jakarta for a meeting with economic ministers of the Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN) on Saturday, EU officials said on Thursday.
Starbucks beverage prices to rise by end of the year Starbucks, the largest US chain of coffee shops, plans to raise its beverage prices by year #39;s end to cover higher costs for milk and health insurance amid slowing sales.
Apache Rejects Sender ID hexene writes  quot;In an open letter to the IETF MARID Working Group, the Apache Software Foundation has rejected the patent-encumbered Sender ID specification.
Is portable video ready for its closeup? A few years ago, when MP3 players were establishing themselves as the hot cool thing, the next step seemed clear: What if you could take along not only music but movies, television programs 
Strong message from Boss keeps paying off One day after taking on the role of team motivator, George Steinbrenner was the team psychic. For one night, he actually was able to foresee the Yankees #39; future.
Yankees return the favor The Yankees figure there is no sense looking backward, either at a bad loss or the team behind them in the standings. That is the way they have approached the whole week and it was the way 
The Palestinian hunger strike ends ighteen days after they began a hunger strike demanding improved humanitarian conditions, Palestinian prisoners in Israeli jails resumed eating last night.
Paul Krugman: A no-win situation in Iraq PRINCETON, New Jersey  #39;Everyone wants to go to Baghdad; real men want to go to Tehran. quot; That was the attitude in Washington two years ago, when Ahmad Chalabi was assuring everyone that Iraqis would greet US troops with flowers.
Ancient tomb discovered on Giza pyramids site Egypt #39;s antiquities chief on Thursday revealed a 2,500-year-old hidden tomb under the shadow of one of Giza #39;s three giant pyramids, containing 400 pinkie-finger-sized statues and six coffin-sized niches carved into granite rock.
Wotbox Launches Eight National Search Engines Wotbox Launches Eight National Search Engines\\Wotbox is an independent Search Engine mainly known for its advanced geo-targeting technology. Wotbox, which displays a flag of the country of origin next to each result on its search pages, is growing and has launched a new search engine for eight major countries. It ...
Wal-Mart Enters the Online Music Store Mix Wal-Mart Enters the Online Music Store Mix\\Wal-Mart Stores Inc. launched an online music store that works with Microsoft Corp.'s Windows Media Player. Wal-Mart, which began offering music downloads in March, said that its new store will offer downloads at 88 cents per song and is somewhat of an affiliate of ...
Bioinformatics Award Winners Meet five people whose breakthroughs make the progress of science real. Chosen from hundreds of applicants to Apple #146;s Bioinformatics Award Program, they are shaping our health and our world through their research in biotechnology  #151; and the help of Apple #146;s Workgroup Cluster for Bioinformatics. Sep 2
Mysteries of San Andreas Fault Are Explored by a Drill Dubbed by the National Science Foundation as a modern-day journey to the center of the earth, a \$250 million project uses a drill to explore the San Andreas fault.
I.B.M. Offers \$10,000 to Owners of Contaminated Houses The company is willing to pay \$10,000 each to the owners of nearly 500 contaminated homes in an upstate village if the owners give up their right to sue over pollution.
Equipment Donated to Convention Is Passed to Schools Telephones and computers that were donated for use at the Republican National Convention will now be used to improve security and enhance New York City public schools.
Maldives political reforms cosmetic - opposition (Reuters) Reuters - The chief political opponent of Maldives President Maumoon Abdul Gayoom on Friday accused Asia's longest serving ruler of continuing to stifle democracy despite his pledges of reform.
IMF to lower French growth forecast (AFP) AFP - The International Monetary Fund (IMF) will lower its 2005 French economic growth forecast from 2.5 percent to 2.3 percent, the financial daily Les Echos said, without quoting its sources.
U.S. Open: Serena Set to Steal Spotlight  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The Serena Williams fashion show will  take center stage at the U.S. Open Friday as the former  champion takes on French teen-ager Tatiana Golovin for a place  in the fourth round.
Thatcher Posts Bail to End S.Africa House Arrest (Reuters) Reuters - Mark Thatcher, arrested\in South Africa last week on suspicion of financing an\attempted coup in oil-rich Equatorial Guinea, was released from\house arrest Friday after posting 2 million rand bail.
Nine Killed as Ugandan Army Disarms Pastoralists (Reuters) Reuters - Six Karamojong warriors and three\government troops were shot dead during an operation to disarm\the pastoralist nomads in remote northeastern Uganda, the army\said on Friday.
Freed Anwar Maneuvers to Re-Enter Politics (AP) AP - Former Deputy Prime Minister Anwar Ibrahim savored his first full day of freedom in six years Friday after his dramatic release from prison and he tested the waters for a comeback in Malaysian politics.
Halliburton considered bribing Nigerian officials to win contracts NEW YORK, September 3 (New Ratings) - An internal investigation into Halliburton Co (HAL.NYS) reportedly revealed that the company had considered bribing Nigerian officials to win contracts a decade back.
Sony leans on discount retailers Japanese electronics firm looks to expand agreements with Wal-Mart, Costco to boost total sales. TOKYO (Reuters) - Japan #39;s Sony Corp.
Intel lowers quarterly forecast Intel Corp., the world #39;s biggest maker of semiconductors, reduced its third-quarter revenue forecast Thursday, blaming lower-than-expected demand for flash memory and PC chips.
Futures Point to Pain for Stocks Reduced revenue guidance from Intel (INTC:Nasdaq - news - research) had stocks under pressure Friday ahead of the key August employment report.
Most Hospitals Posting Data on Care More than 98 percent of hospitals in the United States are reporting quality-of-care data for treating heart attack, heart failure and pneumonia, the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid said yesterday.
Myanmar slams British interference Military-ruled Myanmar has said Britain is interfering in the internal affairs of its former colony, jeopardising relations between Europe and Asia.
Nortel Financial Statements to Be Delayed The Nortel Networks Corporation, which is restating results back through 2001, said yesterday that it would not have financial statements for last year and the first half of 2004 ready until the end of October, a month later than planned.
US Chamber Asks Court to Overturn Rule on Mutual Fund Boards The United States Chamber of Commerce said on Thursday that it had asked a federal court to overturn a rule requiring mutual fund boards to have independent chairmen and majorities of independent directors.
Rank Group mulls break-up Shares in Rank Group have rallied after the leisure group said it might hive off its Deluxe film and video businesses to focus on its gaming and restaurant operations.
Nokia handset sales recover slightly NOKIA #39;S SALES SLIDE has been halted according to figures released by the Gartner Group. The analysts predict Nokia #39;s share of the global market crept back to almost 30 per cent.
Microsoft Windows Media Player 10 Windows Media Player (WMP) no longer feels like a freebie utility thrown in with the OS (think Notepad), but is an application you #39;ll actually want to use.
Editorial: A planet just like home For however many millennia mankind has peered at the heavens, no one had ever identified a planet outside the solar system, and, being prone to extrapolating, many assumed no one ever would.
IBM recalls 500,000 Thinkpad adaptors NEW YORK, September 3 (New Ratings) - IBM (IBM.NYS) has reportedly recalled more than half a million notebook power adapters due to the threat of melting plastic, and electric shock and fire hazards.
Apache glitch for Microsoft-backed anti-spam technology The open source Apache Software Foundation (ASF) is refusing to adopt technology promising to curtail the rising tide of spam, citing restrictions with Microsoft Corp.
Red Hat appoints new CFO Linux distributor Red Hat Inc. has appointed a new chief financial officer following the resignation of former CFO Kevin Thompson and the recent restatement of its revenue after an accounting policy change.
There may be alien life out there after all London - An unexplained radio signal from deep space could just be contact from an alien civilisation. New Scientist magazine reported the signal on Thursday, revealing that it comes from a point between the Pisces and Aries constellations.
Security alert identifies Oracle holes Software security companies and US-Cert, the US government #39;s computer monitoring body, have issued warnings about security vulnerabilities in Oracle software.
Plus: Virtual Farm Game According to a new research study by the non-profit Pew Internet and American Life Project, so-called Instant Messaging (IM) is what #39;s really hot when it comes to electronic communication now.
Second quarter sees rise in storage revenue Worldwide external controller-based disc storage revenue totalled \$3.2bn (1.8bn) in the second quarter, up 5.1 from the \$3.1bn recorded in the same period last year.
Wi-fi nets get security makeover The update uses stronger encryption and does a better job of letting only authorised users join wireless nets. The improvements have been made to re-assure businesses that wi-fi networks can be made safe enough to be really useful and widely deployed.
Gerrard injury scare Steven Gerrard faces a late fitness test today after giving England boss Sven-Goran Eriksson a scare ahead of tomorrow night #39;s 2006 World Cup qualifier in Austria.
Fallon back in saddle after posting bail LONDON - Champion jockey Kieron Fallon and colleagues Fergal Lynch and Darren Williams were back in action yesterday after their arrests over allegations of race-fixing.
 quot;El Gato quot; Romero still climbing the leaderboard at 50 Veteran Eduardo Romero continued to defy Old Father Time by powering into contention for his third European Masters title in 10 years on Friday.
Woodward slams English rugby and committs to Lions Clive Woodward gave English rugby a hammer blow over the game #39;s structure on Friday before declaring himself 100 per cent ready for next summer #39;s British Lions tour of New Zealand.
Lions run over Bills (09/03/04) The Lions closed out their exhibition season with a 20-17 win over Buffalo Thursday at Ford Field. The victory came at a price.
Urbina heads to Venezuela after mother reportedly kidnapped Detroit Tigers closer Ugueth Urbina, whose father was killed in a robbery 10 years ago, rushed back to Venezuela on Thursday after his mother was apparently kidnapped at a home Urbina owns in his native country.
Magath says Bayern honeymoon is over after poor start Bayern Munich coach Felix Magath, who criticised his new players for the time they spent putting on hair gel, warned on Friday that his honeymoon period is over and he plans to get tougher with the squad.
Roundup: Ravens get scare when Ogden hurt Take away the seemingly minor knee injury to seven-time Pro Bowl tackle Jonathan Ogden, and the Baltimore Ravens had a perfect exhibition finale against the New York Giants last night.
ASU punishes UTEP in Price debut Unable to settle into a rhythm, sophomore quarterback Jordan Palmer resembled a wide-eyed freshman, squeamish about playing under the lights.
Russian Troops Storm School as Hostages Break Out (Update1) Russian troops stormed a school in the country #39;s south, after hostages started fleeing the building where armed terrorists had been holding as many as 1,500 people captive for two days in Beslan, North Ossetia.
Iraqi president delays trip to France over hostage crisis Iraqi President Ghazi al-Yawar, who was due in Paris on Sunday to start a European tour, has postponed his visit to France due to the ongoing hostage drama involving two French journalists, Arab diplomats said Friday.
Kashmir summit builds peace hopes India and Pakistan are preparing for high-level talks this weekend to build on a fledgling peace process. Top foreign ministry officials will meet in Delhi on Saturday followed by talks between the two foreign ministers over the next two days.
Australia complains about Bali bomber #39;s coffee break SYDNEY (DPA): Australia on Friday complained to Indonesia over Bali bomber Ali Imron being allowed out of jail to have a Starbucks coffee in a plush Jakarta shopping mall in the company of top police official Brig.
Sadr army becoming potent political force For a moment this week, it looked as if Moqtada al-Sadr - the leader of a Shiite rebellion against the US presence in Iraq - might 
Invitation to a Titanic sinking? It is difficult to convey the shock I felt on reading the allegations that Conrad Black, David Radler, and the rest of the Hollinger insiders had helped themselves to 95.
Rank mulling sale of film unit Leisure group Rank has said it is thinking of selling its Deluxe film and video business as the firm announced a sharp drop in half-year profits.
Glass looks half empty for JD Wetherspoon PUBS group JD Wetherspoon today said a sales slowdown in the second half had taken the fizz out of its annual profits. The city centre pub and bar operator, which runs around 650 outlets including The Standing 
Windows XP service pack 2: Major upgrade is not for everyone WASHINGTON - Windows XP Service Pack 2 is the first major upgrade to the world #39;s most popular operating system in well over a year.
Wi-Fi products get security certificate The Wi-Fi Alliance got its next certification program off to a flying start, issuing WPA2 badges to a bunch of products that comply with the 802.
Image Gallery of Indian hostages back home Freed Indian hostages Sukhdev Singh, Antaryami and Tilak Raj were back home on Friday. The three truckers, freed in Iraq after a six-week ordeal, arrived to a rousing welcome from a huge crowd at New Delhi 
Before-the-Bell: Intel Shares Fall (Reuters) Reuters - Shares of Intel Corp.  fell\more than 7 percent before the opening bell on Friday, a day\after the technology bellwether slashed its quarterly sales\outlook.
Pfizer to Take Asbestos-Related Charge (Reuters) Reuters - Pfizer Inc.  on Friday said it\will take a pretax charge of  #36;369 million in the third quarter\for a settlement with plaintiffs who allege they were harmed by\products containing asbestos and harmful minerals once sold by\a Pfizer subsidiary.
At Least 7 Dead in Russia School Siege (AP) AP - At least seven people were killed and 310 others wounded Friday, reports said, after commandos stormed a school in southern Russia where hundreds had been held hostage for three days by Chechen rebels strapped with explosives.
Amazon.com Inks Deal with Private DNS Firm (Reuters) Reuters - Privately held UltraDNS Corp.\says it had struck a deal to provide domain name system\services to online retailer Amazon.com Inc. .
EU commission proposes new interpretation of eurozone budget rules (AFP) AFP - The European Commission said it had adopted a plan to adapt eurozone rules intended to control budget deficits in order to improve the way they work and their credibility.
New on DVD (USATODAY.com) USATODAY.com - This week, your DVD choices range from Mel Gibson's The Passion of the Christ to Federico Fellini's I Vitelloni.
Cruise in Britian for 'Collateral' (AP) AP - Tom Cruise mingled with about 3,000 fans at the British premiere of "Collateral," chatting on their cell phones, posing for photos and signing autographs for more than two hours outside a theater in Leicester Square.
Sri Lanka government offered elusive majority (Reuters) Reuters - A small Sri Lankan party offered its support to the island's coalition government on Friday, which would give the ruling alliance a working majority in parliament, but it stopped short of joining the government.
Before-the-Bell: Intel Shares Fall  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Shares of Intel Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=INTC.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;INTC.O&lt;/A&gt; fell  more than 7 percent before the opening bell on Friday, a day  after the technology bellwether slashed its quarterly sales  outlook, and other technology stocks moved lower in tandem.
Bush, Kerry Ready New Ads for Fall Blitz (AP) AP - President Bush vows to "spread ownership and opportunity," "make our economy more job friendly" and help lower health care costs in a fresh wave of campaign ads meant to lay out a sweeping second-term agenda as he emerges from the Republican convention.
Lloyds to spend nearly \$1 billion on broadband network European banking giant Lloyds TSB has tapped IBM to assemble a voice and high-speed Internet network connecting branch branches, call centers and cash machines, the two companies said Monday.
Enron CEO's Firm Seeks 'Success Fee'  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The firm led by Enron Corp.'s  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=ENRNQ.PK target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;ENRNQ.PK&lt;/A&gt; acting chief executive asked a bankruptcy judge for  a \$25 million "success fee" for its efforts in shepherding the  collapsed energy trader through nearly three years under  Chapter 11 bankruptcy, a court filing shows.
Prison Probe Raises Questions About CIA (AP) AP - The latest Army investigation into the Abu Ghraib scandal is raising new questions about whether the CIA, operating outside military rules, contributed to the breakdown of military discipline at the prison.
Stocks to Watch on Friday, September 3  INTEL CORP.&lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=INTC.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;INTC.O&lt;/A&gt;:
Omega Buys Two Firms, Raises \$285 Million  NAZARETH, Belgium (Reuters) - Belgian drugs distributor  Omega Pharma boosted its presence in Italy and Scandinavia on  Friday, buying two local firms after raising \$285 million in  debt finance in the United States.
Intel Warning Counters Jobs Data Hopes  LONDON (Reuters) - Speculation that August's U.S. jobs  report could surprise on the upside has lent sagging global  stock markets some support this week and dampened buoyant bond  markets.
Libya Signs to Pay \$35 Mln to Berlin Bomb Victims  TRIPOLI (Reuters) - Libya signed a deal on Friday to pay  \$35 million in compensation for more than 160 victims of a  Berlin nightclub bombing in 1986, taking another major step  toward ending its international isolation.
Dollar Is Calm Before Payrolls Storm  LONDON (Reuters) - The dollar shuttled in narrow ranges  against other major currencies on Friday as investors awaited  upcoming U.S. jobs data for clues on the future path of  interest rates.
Oil Holds Firm as Dealers Digest Iraq  LONDON (Reuters) - World oil prices held firm on Friday  after pipeline sabotage in northern Iraq kept up supply fears  that have revived a powerful price rally.
Iraq's Survival Still at Stake, Report Warns  LONDON (Reuters) - Iraq could splinter into civil war and  destabilize the whole region if the interim government, U.S.  forces and United Nations fail to hold the ring among factions  struggling for power, according to a British thinktank.
Taliban and Afghan Forces Clash, Several Dead  KABUL (Reuters) - Several Taliban fighters were killed in a  firefight with Afghan security forces in the southeast province  of Khost near the border with Pakistan, the U.S. military said  on Friday.
Lebanon to Extend President's Term, Defying U.N.  BEIRUT (Reuters) - Lebanon's parliament is going ahead with  a vote to extend the term of Syrian-backed President Emile  Lahoud Friday despite a U.N. Security Council resolution  warning Damascus against interfering in Lebanon.
Markets brace for fresh hurricane Hurricane Frances sends commodity prices soaring and depresses insurance stocks as it heads for the Florida coast.
German bank sells Odeon holding German bank WestLB sells its 43.4 percent stake in the UK's Odeon cinema chain to a private equity firm.
Stocks poised to drop US stock futures pointed to a sharply lower start Friday as Intel Corp. #39;s disappointing third-quarter revenue and margin forecast sent chip stocks tumbling overseas.
Rank May Exit Movie Business, Sell Unit, After Losses (Update4) Rank Group Plc, a UK distributor of movies for half a century, plans to exit the film industry after losses at its DVD and cinema production business.
In pictures: Russian school battle A battle erupts in North Ossetia as Russian troops storm a school where hundreds of children had been taken hostage.
ID BIOMEDICAL ENTERS INTO AGREEMENTS WITH LEADING US FLU VACCINE &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; ID Biomedical Corp. signed long-term agreements with three of the largest US flu vaccine wholesalers, causing the firms shares to climb 9.2 percent.
Chaos as battle grips school BBC correspondents report scenes of chaos as a battle erupts at the besieged school in the Russian town of Beslan.
 #39;100pc #39; committed Sir Clive Woodward today revealed he quit as England rugby union coach because he was not able to take his World Cup-winning team forward the way he wanted.
Sudan rejects Darfur peace force Sudan will not accept a peacekeeping force in the troubled Darfur region but may agree to extra monitors being deployed, its foreign minister says.
Sudan talks stall on security issues PEACE talks between the Sudanese government and rebel groups from the troubled region of Darfur have stalled. The talks, brokered by the African Union, are being held in Nigeria, are deadlocked over disarmament and other security issues.
Caution urged on French hostages French PM Jean-Pierre Raffarin urges caution on reports that two French journalists held in Iraq may soon be freed.
SA man charged for 'nuclear bomb' A South African businessman is charged with trafficking nuclear material to Asian countries, in particular Pakistan.
Swiss group 'helped 22 Brits die' A Swiss group may have helped more British people bypass the UK ban on euthanasia than previously thought.
Two Palestinians killed in Gaza Two Palestinians have been killed in Gaza, apparently when explosives they were carrying were set off.
Meet The Team: Race Team Spares Man Geoff Simmonds is in charge of managing all the spare parts at the races. Its a key role  heres an explanation of what it involves
Soldiers Storm Russian School; Fate of Hostages Is Unclear Russian forces today stormed a school where heavily armed fighters held hundreds of people hostage, provoking fierce gunbattles.
Roddick, Capriati Highlight U.S. Open NEW YORK - Andy Roddick, Serena Williams, Jennifer Capriati, Lleyton Hewitt and Amelie Mauresmo are all in action Friday at the U.S. Open...
Nevada Stages Huge Rib Cook-Off SPARKS, Nev. - Some 300,000 people are expected to pig out on about 130,000 pounds of pork ribs...
Fla. Highways Jammed Ahead of Frances MELBOURNE, Fla. - Fleeing what could be the most powerful storm to strike Florida in more than a decade, residents and tourists jammed highways and shelters Friday as Hurricane Frances churned toward the Atlantic coast, where the state's second pummeling in three weeks could begin as soon as Saturday...
At Least 7 Dead in Russia School Siege BESLAN, Russia - At least seven people were killed and 310 others wounded Friday, reports said, after commandos stormed a school in southern Russia where hundreds had been held hostage for three days by Chechen rebels strapped with explosives.    Troops killed five of the hostage-takers but 13 others escaped, the ITAR-Tass news agency said...
Libya Agrees to Pay \$35 Million to Berlin Bomb Victims  TRIPOLI, Libya (Reuters) - Libya signed a deal Friday to  pay \$35 million in compensation to more than 160 victims of a  Berlin nightclub bombing in 1986, taking another major step  toward ending its international isolation.
Forces Storm Russia School With Hostages BESLAN, Russia - Commandos stormed a school in southern Russia where hundreds of hostages had been held for three days, and dozens of hostages fled the building, some bloodied and screaming.    Exchanges of gunfire rang out and a large plume of smoke rose over the school as troops clashed with the militants...
Samarra Becomes Latest No-Go Zone in Iraq BAGHDAD, Iraq - Over the past few months, insurgents in Samarra have deposed the U.S.-picked leaders and put to death people suspected of collaborating with them, making the northern Iraqi city the latest no-go zone for Iraqi and American troops.    With preparations beginning for Iraq's nationwide general election, scheduled for January, the attacks in Samarra and other cities where officials cannot safely travel could present a major barrier to carrying out a credible poll...
Business, Pleasure, or Both? Corporations and government contractors have been lubricating their relationships with the region's state officials all week in New York.
Microsoft Warns Spyware Could Bungle Update Though Microsoft Corp.'s new security update package is all about protecting systems from worms, viruses and spyware, it can't do much about what's already on computers - and that could pose a problem.
Disney Eyes Video-On-Demand Partnerships The Walt Disney Co. has postponed an expansion of its video-on-demand service while it explores partnerships that could result in a deal to include the service in set-top boxes, computers or other devices.
Sony in Talks to Sell Products at Wal-Mart The electronics and entertainment giant Sony Corp. is talking with Wal-Mart Stores Inc. and Costco Wholesale Corp. in an effort to boost sales by shipping to U.S. discount chains with which it previously did little business.
Calif. Schools Warned of Identity Theft California university officials have warned nearly 600,000 students and faculty that they might be exposed to identity theft following incidents where computer hard drives loaded with their private information were lost or hacked into.
Insurance Cos. Try Out Auto Black Boxes For two months, Jacob Sevlie's insurance company tagged along whenever he slid behind the wheel of his Honda Accord.
Cassini Reveals Saturn's Cool Rings The Cassini spacecraft has taken the most detailed temperature measurements to date of Saturn's rings. Data taken by the composite infrared spectrometer instrument on the spacecraft while entering Saturn's orbit show the cool and relatively warm regions of the rings.
Tension-Filled Nights Loom for Europe #39;s Big Guns The remaining seven vacancies in the first knockout stage of the Champions League will be decided this week with some of Europe #39;s biggest clubs anxiously considering their fates.
Europeans, Hopeful on Growth, Leave Rates Unchanged The European Central Bank is sounding markedly more confident these days than it had earlier this year about the economic recovery in the 12 countries that use the euro.
Nortel delays release of financial results Blaming the complexity of the task, Nortel Networks Corp. is delaying the release of long-awaited financial results by another month, to late October, and may seek another delay of its annual meeting.
Phone sales show no sign of slowing That #39;s according to research outfit Gartner, which on Thursday said that second quarter global mobile phone shipments hit 156.
Red Hat Names New CFO There #39;s a new CFO in town at Red Hat Inc., and while the company continues to be perceived as one of the leading Linux providers, he #39;s got his work cut out for him when it comes to restoring investor confidence.
Do You Remember Henin-Hardenne? Didn #39;t Think So S if the lingering effects of a viral infection and a more recent cold weren #39;t bad enough, Justin Henin-Hardenne couldn #39;t quite shake her Olympic hangover, a 31-year-old Israeli journeywoman 
Cricket: Smith withdraws from Windies squad LONDON - Allrounder Dwayne Smith has pulled out of the West Indies cricket squad for this month #39;s ICC Champions Trophy event in England because of injury.
Giants Struggle Yet Again to Protect Warner Kurt Warner #39;s first preseason as the Giants #39; quarterback ended ominously as he was sacked twice more Thursday night, when the team faced the Baltimore Ravens 
Commandos Storm Russian Siege School As Children Flee Russian special forces stormed a school Friday ending a three-day hostage crisis and freeing hundreds of children, parents and teachers held without 
Hopes rise for French hostages in Iraq Hopes that Islamic militants will soon free two French hostages in Iraq are rising, despite confusion over which group is now holding them.
Malaysia press relieved at Anwar release Malaysia #39;s press is breathing a collective sigh of relief at the release of former deputy prime minister Anwar Ibrahim. Commentators see the move as turning a new page in Malaysia #39;s political life, arguing 
UN resolution calls for immediate withdrawal of all foreign forces &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; New York (AsiaNews/Agencies) - The UN Security Council narrowly approved a US-French resolution late Thursday aimed for an immediate withdrawal of all foreign forces - an indirect reference to 17.
Empty Stomach Battle Ends, Some Demands Met GAZA CITY , September 3 (IslamOnline.net  amp; News Agencies) - Palestinian detainees in Israeli jails have decided to call off an 18-day hunger strike after most of their demands for better conditions were met, according to a Palestinian cabinet minister.
Syria on offensive as Israel threatens to avenge bombings Israel #39;s threats against Syria after the Beersheba suicide bombings would  quot;exacerbate the deteriorating situation in the region, quot; the Syrian foreign minister said yesterday.
Cleaning Up After Ourselves Though banned in the 1970s, toxic PCBs persist in high concentrations around the world. Now a Stanford team says it may have the solution: carbon. By Amit Asaravala.
Microsoft Flexes Music Muscle The software giant's new pay-per-download service offers an easy-to-use interface and above-average sound quality. But some critics wonder if the MSN Music service will foster a widening rift in digital music security standards. By Xeni Jardin.
Fans Keep Newton in Motion The first gathering of the Worldwide Newton Association this weekend in Paris promises a surprise that may extend the life of the aging but much-loved Apple handheld platform. By Leander Kahney.
Slice of Heaven in the Desert Sure, there's plenty of fire at this year's Burning Man festival, but celestial tributes dominate the playa. Daniel Terdiman reports from Black Rock City, Nevada.
Bold New World for Bald Mice Scientists find a way to grow hair follicles on furless mice using stem cells. Now, they hope to extend the research to humans. By Kristen Philipkoski.
Why Hybrids Are Hot Have you seen gas prices? Purists can wait for hydrogen. The market can't. By James Surowiecki from Wired magazine.
Music Fans, Beware the Big Bass Doctors report several cases of collapsed lungs apparently caused by loud music. They theorize that lungs may start to vibrate in the same frequency as the booming bass, which could cause a small rupture.
Job Picture Brightens with August Hiring  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. job market brightened in  August as employers added 144,000 workers to their payrolls and  hiring totals for the two prior months were revised up, the  Labor Department reported on Friday.
Stock Futures Whipsaw After Jobs Data  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stock futures fell on Friday then  quickly rebounded, after a U.S. report showed job growth in  August came in slightly below expectations.
Oil Firm as Dealers Digest Iraq Sabotage  LONDON (Reuters) - World oil prices held firm on Friday  after pipeline sabotage in northern Iraq kept up supply fears  that have revived a powerful price rally.
Rate Futures Fall After Payroll Data  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Short-term interest rate futures fell  modestly on Friday after U.S. jobs growth for August was in  line with Wall Street expectations, cementing the prospects for  further monetary policy tightening.
Goss: Interrogations Key to War on Terror (AP) AP - Porter Goss, nominated to be the next CIA director, took a hard line on interrogations in the war on terror earlier this year, saying "Gee, you're breaking my heart" to complaints that Arab men found it abusive to have women guards at the Guantanamo Bay prison camp.
IAEA Probes S. Korean Nuclear Experiment (AP) AP - The U.N. nuclear watchdog is investigating a secret uranium-enrichment experiment that South Korean scientists conducted four years ago, U.N. and South Korean officials said Thursday.
Economy Adds 144K Jobs in August America's payrolls picked up in August, with the economy adding 144,000 jobs, slightly less than economists were forecasting and highlighting the slow and uneven recovery in the labor market that jobseekers have braved.
Atkins Diet May Bring Side Effects Dieters on the popular high-fat, low-carb Atkins approach lose just as much body fat as those on low-fat diets, but the annoying low-carb side effects could mean problems down the road, according to a scientist who reviewed five dozen diet studies.
Stem Cells Found in Hair Follicles Researchers say they could be used to treat burn wounds, skin injuries    HealthDayNews -- Cells in the hair follicles of the skin appear to be stem cells that may offer potential new ways to treat burn wounds and other skin injuries, as well as hair loss.    That's the promising conclusion of a study in the Sept...
Cats Can Spread Bird Flu By LAURAN NEERGAARD    WASHINGTON (AP) -- Cats not only can catch the deadly bird flu but can spread it to other felines, Dutch researchers said in a report Thursday that raises important questions about the pets' role in outbreaks.    So far, cats have not been implicated in the spread of avian flu to people, said Dr...
Sony in Talks to Sell Products at Wal-Mart TOKYO (AP) -- The electronics and entertainment giant Sony Corp. (SNE) is talking with Wal-Mart Stores Inc...
Microsoft Warns on Spyware's Impact on Update By ALLISON LINN    SEATTLE (AP) -- Though Microsoft Corp.'s new security update package is all about protecting systems from worms, viruses and spyware, it can't do much about what's already on computers - and that could pose a problem.    The company is warning users of the Windows XP operating system to check for spyware before downloading the free massive security update, called Service Pack 2...
California Schools Warned of Identity Theft LOS ANGELES (AP) -- California university officials have warned nearly 600,000 students and faculty that they might be exposed to identity theft following incidents where computer hard drives loaded with their private information were lost or hacked into.    Since January, at least 580,000 people who had personal information about them stored in university computers received warnings they might be at risk...
Acacia Lowers Streaming Video Royalties Demand By JUSTIN POPE    (AP) -- A California company that claims it owns the patents for streaming video over computer networks is lowering its royalty demands of the nation's colleges and universities.    Newport Beach, Calif.-based Acacia Media Technologies Corp...
Oil Holds Firm as Dealers Digest Iraq World oil prices held firm on Friday after pipeline sabotage in northern Iraq kept up supply fears that have revived a powerful price rally.
Stock Futures Whipsaw After Jobs Data US stock futures fell on Friday then quickly rebounded, after a US report showed job growth in August came in slightly below expectations.
Coke, EU near antitrust settlement Sources say agreement bars Coca-Cola from manipulating retailers to give its products an edge. BRUSSELS (Reuters) - Coca-Cola and the European Commission were poised to settle a long-running antitrust case Friday, people familiar with the situation said.
Cell phone sales keep booming Despite a practically saturated Western European market, cell phone sales are still booming worldwide, driven by longtime owners clamoring to update their phones and new buyers wanting to get on the phone-owning ladder, according to a new report.
IBM, Intel open up their  #39;blades #39; Computer, chip maker will license much of the technology behind their compact servers -- for free. NEW YORK (Reuters) - International Business Machines Corp.
Dyson Masters Swiss Course Englishman Simon Dyson took advantage of the excellent conditions at the stunning Crans-sur-Sierre course in Switzerland to move to the top of the leaderboard on the second morning of the Omega European Masters.
A Little Middle East Maneuvering In Downtown Manhattan Lebanon #39;s ambassador to Washington, Farid Abboud, who traveled to New York to observe part of the Republican National Convention, was on double duty this week in the back halls of the United Nations.
Judge appoints lawyers to defend Milosevic, over his objections Overriding the defendant #39;s objections, the UN war crimes tribunal appointed two lawyers to represent Slobodan Milosevic yesterday, hoping 
Released Indian hostages return back home After living under fear of death for 42 days, three Indian truck drivers released by their Iraqi captors today returned home to an emotional welcome by their families here.
Stocks Set for Lower Open After Jobs Data  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks were set to open lower on  Friday, after August payroll data came in slightly below  expectations.
Pfizer to Take \$369 Mln Asbestos Charge  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Pfizer Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=PFE.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;PFE.N&lt;/A&gt; on Friday said it  would take a third-quarter pretax charge of \$369 million for a  settlement with plaintiffs who allege they were harmed by  products containing asbestos and other minerals once sold by a  Pfizer subsidiary.
Bloody Shootout Ends Russian School Siege  BESLAN, Russia (Reuters) - Russian troops stormed a school  Friday in a chaotic battle to free hundreds of parents,  teachers and children who had been held hostage for two days by  Chechen separatists.
Treasuries Slip on Payroll Data  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. Treasury debt prices slipped on  Friday as the long-awaited August jobs report showed enough of  a rise to cement market expectations for further rate hikes  from the Federal Reserve.
Dollar Rallies on Jobs Numbers  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The dollar rallied across the board  early  on Friday, after a widely anticipated U.S. payrolls  report came in nearly in line with expectations, something of a  relief to a market fearing another bad number.
Cal Reaches New Five-Year Agreement With Jeff Tedford BERKELEY, CA - In recognition of an historic season and the remarkable turnaround of the school #39;s football program, the University of California has reached a new five-year agreement with Head Coach Jeff Tedford through the 2009 season, Athletic Director 
U.S. Economy Added 144,000 Jobs in August The unemployment rate for August fell to 5.4 percent from 5.5 percent, the lowest since October 2001, the government reported today.
Global mobile handset sales up 35 in second quarter Worldwide mobile phone sales surpassed 156.4m units in the second quarter of 2004, a 35 per cent increase on the second quarter of 2003, according to market research group Gartner, Inc.
Total recall for IBM ThinkPad adapters IBM has recalled 553,000 ThinkPad AC power adapters after receiving reports that some have overheated, melting the adapter housing and charring the circuit board inside.
IBM and Intel go public with design specs of the BladeCenter &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; IBM and Intel have announced that they are to open up the design specifications of their BladeCenter platform. The partners say that the publishing of the specs is intended to enable third parties to design and build compatible kit and grow the market.
Red Hat changes accounting procedures Red Hat has announced it is changing the way it books support subscription revenue, based on a recommendation from its auditors. The accounting changes prompted the Linux supplier to correct and restate its 
Owls use dung to  quot;fish quot; for beetles A clever species of owl, baits its lair with dung to attract tasty beetles. The burrowing owl has long been known for its preference for dung beetles; the insect accounts for nearly two-thirds of the bird #39;s diet.
Tennis: Venus Williams, Henin-Hardenne, Davenport advance at US &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; NEW YORK : Four-time Grand Slam winner Venus Williams, the 2000 and 2001 champion, overcame four double faults and 25 unforced errors to defeat Shikha Uberoi 7-5, 6-1 in the second round of the US Open.
49ers #39; top draft pick catches on He promptly caught what appeared to be a 27-yard touchdown pass from Ken Dorsey, but the play was nullified by a penalty. On the next play, he made his first catch as a pro, an 
Beirut rejects UN resolution ahead of Lahoud vote BEIRUT : Beirut rejected a UN Security Council resolution calling for the withdrawal of foreign forces from Lebanon, as lawmakers prepared to vote to change the constitution to allow pro-Damascus president Emile Lahoud to serve another term.
The Stealth Toy Giant Quick -- what #39;s the world #39;s largest toy distributor? Nope, it #39;s not Toys  quot;R quot; Us (NYSE: TOY). (Toys  quot;R quot; Us, while indeed a large toy vendor, is actually exiting the toy business to a large degree, opting to 
Keeping how the net works open to all Plans to combat spam are in trouble because Microsoft wants too much power, argues technology analyst Bill Thompson. The internet relies on a large number of technical standards which define in precise and 
Pre-Lucy creature walked upright WASHINGTON - A human ancestor the size of a chimp walked upright six million years ago - about three million years earlier than Lucy, the famous bipedal hominid, researchers say.
Redden injury has Gretzky worried #39; Wayne Gretzky will nervously watch Canada #39;s game against Russia tomorrow night and, after seeing two defencemen go down in two games, is hoping he doesn #39;t lose another blueliner.
UN Security Council Tries to Stop Syrian Meddling in Lebanon The United Nations Security Council approved a rare resolution against an Arab state -- without naming names -- late Thursday. The resolution is intended to stop Syrian meddling in Lebanese politics and affairs.
Job Picture Brightens with August Hiring (Reuters) Reuters - The U.S. job market brightened in\August as employers added 144,000 workers to their payrolls and\hiring totals for the two prior months were revised up, the\Labor Department reported on Friday.
Oil Firm as Dealers Digest Iraq Sabotage (Reuters) Reuters - World oil prices held firm on Friday\after pipeline sabotage in northern Iraq kept up supply fears\that have revived a powerful price rally.
Pistons miss Wallace, but in good shape The conventional wisdom dictates that repeating as NBA champs is an extremely difficult undertaking. And so it is. However, in the past seventeen seasons, only one NBA titlist did NOT accomplish consecutive 
IBM Recalls Notebook Power Cords (PC World) PC World - Certain ThinkPad power adapters pose a fire danger, company warns.
Job Picture Brightens with August Hiring  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. job market brightened  modestly in August as employers added 144,000 workers to their  payrolls and hiring totals for the two prior months were  revised up, the Labor Department reported on Friday.
Bernie #39;s Brit GP  #39;deadline The owner of British grand prix track Silverstone has forty eight hours to save the historic race, F1 supremo Bernie Ecclestone declared Monday.
Russian Forces Storm School; 7 Killed BESLAN, Russia - At least seven people were killed and 310 others wounded Friday, reports said, after commandos stormed a school in southern Russia where hundreds had been held hostage for three days by rebels strapped with explosives.    Troops killed five of the hostage-takers but 13 others escaped, the ITAR-Tass news agency said...
Florida Braces for Monster Storm MELBOURNE, Fla. - Bracing for a monstrous storm, residents and tourists clogged shelters or made last-minute preparations Friday as Hurricane Frances churned toward the Atlantic coast, where the state's second pummeling in three weeks could begin as soon as Saturday...
Intel rolls back outlook; widespread weakness feared No. 1 chipmaker Intel (INTC) on Thursday dramatically lowered its revenue estimates for the current quarter, a sign that the tech industry #39;s rebound may be slowing.
Hollinger Paid For Lord Black #39;s Costly Hubris press baron, financier, philanthropist, member of the global elite. But as we learned this week from a Hollinger International investigative 
Analysts mull production cuts, disappointing sales SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW) - Shares of leading automakers closed on a positive note Thursday, one day after General Motors and Ford Motor posted soggy sales results for August and announced plans to scale back production.
Update 1: ASEAN Economic Ministers Work on Community Economic ministers from the 10-member Association of Southeast Asian Nations agreed Friday to liberalize 10 sectors as a first step toward the creation by 2020 of a regional economic community akin to the European Union.
Job Picture Brightens, More Aug Hiring The US job market brightened modestly in August as employers added 144,000 workers to payrolls and weak hiring tallies for the two prior months were revised up, the Labor Department said on Friday.
Progress in US Airways Talks Negotiations between US Airways #39; (UAIR:Nasdaq - news - research) management and pilots continued to show progress, with the pilots union expected to give the company another proposal Friday afternoon.
Hutchison arm rules out dividends Hutchison Telecommunications International Limited (HTIL), a telecom arm of Li Ka-shing-controlled Hutchison Whampoa seeking a listing in Hong Kong and New York, said it has no plan to pay dividends as it has racked up HK\$5.
US textile industry leans on White House WASHINGTON Leaders of the US textile industry plan to petition the US government this month to block the flood of Chinese imports that is expected next year after global quotas on textiles and apparel are lifted.
Microsoft: Linux may mean price cuts, fewer sales Microsoft has filed a report with the US Securities and Exchange Commission warning that 2005 could be challenging, as Linux continues to steal business and PC sales remain sluggish.
IPO will be golden for farmers Chicken cooperative Gold Kist Inc. appears only days away from hatching into a public company -- a move intended to put more cash in the hands of farmers and increase Gold Kist #39;s own ability to raise money.
Sony #39;s Cheap Trick It #39;s no secret that rivalry in consumer electronics is heating up, and today the Associated Press reported that Japan #39;s Sony (NYSE: SNE) is  quot;more aggressively quot; pursuing 
Worldwide mobile phone market posts healthy gains Worldwide mobile phone sales exceeded 156.4 million units in the second quarter of 2004, a 35 percent increase over the second quarter of 2003, according to a report released this week by Gartner Inc.
IBM recalls 225,000 ThinkPad power adapters due to fire hazard SEPTEMBER 03, 2004 (COMPUTERWORLD) - IBM is recalling about 225,000 AC power adapters for its laptop computers due to concerns about possible fire and electrical shock hazards.
Rocky Road: Planet hunting gets closer to Earth Astronomers have discovered the three lightest planets known outside the solar system, moving researchers closer to the goal of finding extrasolar planets that resemble Earth.
IBM, Honda deliver in-car speech-recognition navigation system SEPTEMBER 03, 2004 (COMPUTERWORLD) - IBM and Honda this week announced that they have jointly developed a hands-free and natural-sounding in-vehicle speech-recognition system.
IBM Hits New Low In Storage IBM is hitting an all-time low -- for itself, that is -- in the storage market with a new series of entry-level arrays. The new arrays, including its first iSCSI array and an entry-level Fibre Channel model 
HP bags orders from 7-Eleven, Publix Hewlett-Packard said Friday that it has won a \$55 million, five-year contract from retailer 7-Eleven to upgrade the technology at the convenience store chain.
 #39;We started to walk six million years ago #39; WASHINGTON: Based on recent fossil evidences, American scientists have claimed that a chimp-sized hominid walked upright on two legs in Kenya #39;s Tugen Hills over six million years ago, nearly three million years earlier than currently believed.
Hurricane Frances could destroy space shuttles Hurricane Frances, predicted to hit land 100 kilometres (62 miles) south of NASA #39;s Kennedy Space Center in Florida, could cause catastrophic damage to the space shuttles and spacecraft stored there, meteorologists predict.
Apache Project Rejects Sender ID September 2, 2004 -- (WEB HOST INDUSTRY REVIEW) -- The Apache Project (apache.org) has rejected the Sender ID proposal for email user authentication because of the incompatibilities between Microsoft #39;s (microsoft.
EMC taps longtime IBM veteran Jeffrey Nick for CTO position SEPTEMBER 03, 2004 (COMPUTERWORLD) - Storage vendor EMC Corp. today named Jeffrey Nick as its chief technology officer. Nick is an IBM veteran who helped design the company #39;s on-demand computing initiative and led its grid computing strategy.
Astronauts Prepare For Final Space Walk Space station astronauts Gennady Padalka and American Mike Fincke are scheduled to make the final spacewalks of their mission today.
Google May Face Another Lawsuit A federal judge in Virginia has ruled that a trademark infringement suit filed by the Government Employees Insurance Co. (GEICO) against Internet search giants Google and Overture Services can proceed.
Hard drive with 23,000 Social Security numbers disappears SEPTEMBER 03, 2004 (COMPUTERWORLD) - The disappearance of a laptop hard drive in the California State University (CSU) system has triggered a year-old state law requiring anyone whose personal information might have been stolen to be notified.
Workers Think Positive, Negative About IM com. Eleven million Americans use instant messaging at work, a survey released Thursday said, but some at-work IMers would like nothing better than to toss the technology.
Demand for chips remains strong, says China #39;s SMIC Semiconductor Manufacturing International Corp. (SMIC) is expanding production capacity at its chip fabrication plants (fabs) in an effort to keep pace with growing semiconductor demand, the company #39;s chief operating officer (COO) said Friday.
Expert: Writing Best for Contacting Aliens Sept. 3, 2004 - Writing, rather than phoning, is probably the best way to contact aliens, US scientists say. So instead of phoning home, it could have been more energy efficient if ET had inscribed information 
Lights, Camera, ACTION...NO it #39;s Not Sven #39;s Private Life As Sven-Goran Eriksson appeared in Viennas Intercontinental Hotel, dozens of camera flashes went off and one caused the Swede a slight moment of surprised discomfort 
Ferrari #39;s high-tech tune-up Driving a race car takes more than good hand-eye coordination and the stomach for G-forces. It also takes a truckload of high-tech gear.
Solberg takes the lead on Day One Petter Solberg was here not just to compete but also to discover the beauty of the terrain. At least this is what he said on Thursday.
Open-Hewitt hits top gear, Mauresmo storms on Former champion Lleyton Hewitt bristled, battled and eventually blossomed as he took another step towards a second US Open title with a second-round victory over Moroccan Hicham Arazi on Friday.
Russia dominant in win over US A supposedly disorganized and uninspired Russian team that arrived for the World Cup of Hockey without some of its top stars suddenly looks like a contender.
Graves activated; Padilla claimed off waivers Graves, a right-hander, was out with back spasms. He leads the Reds with 37 saves. Matthews, a left-hander, had surgery in July to remove bone chips in his elbow.
Flintoff, Collingwood lead England to win Andrew Flintoff hit a typically brutal 99 and took the final wicket Friday as England cruised to a comfortable, series-clinching victory over India in the second one-day cricket international at the Oval.
Liverpool showdown looming for Wayne WAYNE Rooney will have a scan today which will determine whether he makes his Manchester United debut against Liverpool on September 20.
St. Louis Cardinals Team Report - September 3 (Sports Network) - A possible National League Division Series preview will take center stage this evening in St. Louis, as the MLB-best Cardinals host the Los Angeles Dodgers for the opener of a their three-game set at Busch Stadium.
Intel Cuts Back Projection For 3rd-Quarter Revenue Intel Corp. lowered its revenue projections for its third quarter yesterday, citing slow consumer purchases across the globe. The world #39;s largest chipmaker reported that it expects revenue for the three-month period ending Sept.
Higher wood prices welcome Frances NEW YORK (CBS.MW) -- Though Hurricane Frances is still days away from potential landfall in the southeastern United States, those without window shutters are busy boarding up their houses with plywood -- if they can find any.
Apparel makers, retailers question textile quota focus Conspicuous by their silence, US retailers and apparel makers are waiting on the sidelines while domestic textile companies take what may be their last stabs at preserving limits on imports of garments made in China.
Microsoft: Linux is a threat, it may mean prices cuts and less &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Microsoft has filed a report with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) - and it looks like the Redmond giant could be in for a lean year ahead, even going as far as to hint that Linux and other open-source rivals might be to blame.
Sony to Boost Sales at US Discount Retailers Japan #39;s Sony Corp. said on Friday it was in talks to sell more electronics goods in North America through discount retailers such as Wal-Mart Stores Inc.
Seoul, Others Should Send Clear Message on Nukes -US The White House said on Friday that South Korea and other nations should send a  quot;clear message quot; to North Korea of their commitment to a nuclear-free peninsula after Seoul admitted government scientists had enriched uranium to nearly 
Annan welcomes release of Anwar Ibrahim from Malaysian jail 3 September 2004 - Secretary-General Kofi Annan today hailed the decision of a Malaysian court to overturn the sodomy conviction of the country #39;s former Deputy Prime Minister Anwar Ibrahim and release him from jail.
Iraqi Sunni Leaders Aim to Build on Shia Peace Gains It has been a week since a peace deal was struck in the Iraqi city of Najaf, bringing an end to three weeks of fighting and opening the predominantly Shia city up to millions of dollars in reconstruction aid.
Thatcher Posts Bail to End S.Africa House Arrest Mark Thatcher, arrested in South Africa last week on suspicion of financing an attempted coup in oil-rich Equatorial Guinea, was released from house arrest Friday after posting 2 million rand bail.
Pakistan foreign secretary arrives for talks Pakistan Foreign Secretary Riaz Khokhar arrived in New Delhi on Friday night to hold talks with his Indian counterpart Shyam Saran.
IBM Launches Low-Cost Storage Server IBM (Quote, Chart) moved to undercut its rivals Friday by offering an entry-level storage server for about a third less than the street cost of EMC #39;s (Quote, Chart) and HP #39;s comparable products.
Honda, IBM enhance in-vehicle, speech-recognition system Honda Motor Co., with help from partner IBM Corp., is preparing to introduce an improved speech-recognition system that will allow drivers to get voice navigation guidance without having to manually punch in any information or take their 
EMC taps IBM veteran for CTO job EMC Corp. announced Friday the appointment of former IBM fellow Jeffrey Nick to the position of senior vice president and chief technology officer.
Astronauts Float Outside for Bit of Spacewalk Maintenance Two astronauts are floating outside the international space station on their fourth and final spacewalk. The American and Russian team is ending the 6-month mission with some installation and repair projects.
Can Microsoft Change Its DNA? Microsoft is in a throw-it-off-the-train state of mind these days in regard to its Windows operating system features. It #39;s announced that Longhorn will ship by 2006 -- but without its much-ballyhooed WinFS subsystem.
SHAHEEN LOWERS WORLD RECORD Kenyan-born Saif Saaeed Shaheen - now representing Qatar - smashed the world 3,000 metres steeplechase record in Friday night #39;s IAAF Golden League meeting in Brussels.
United Reach Rooney Agreement Manchester United have announced they have reached an  quot;outline agreement quot; for the transfer of Wayne Rooney from Everton.
Syria under Security Council Scrutiny ... A Gift from Syria to &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Syria has turned herself into cannon fodder in the campaigns directed against her during the American presidential election battle-a result of her miscalculations in the Lebanese presidential elections.
PM: No meddling in Anwars hearing Kuala Lumpur: Prime Minister Datuk Seri Abdullah Ahmad Badawi said there will be no political interference in a Federal Court ruling today (Thursday) on whether to free former Deputy Prime Minister Datuk Seri Anwar Ibrahim, when it decides on his final 
Japanese PM revives dispute over islands Japanese Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi, right, on board a patrol boat off the Hokkaido coast. Picture:Reuters. Japan #39;s Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi has defied Russian objections to sail 
The Week #39;s Business: Putting Black behind bars or recovering money &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Even in the context of current outrage against corporate malfeasance, the tone of a report released this week detailing financial self-dealing by Conrad Black and his top lieutenant at Hollinger International Inc.
Space Station Crew Conducts Final Spacewalk of Mission The crew of the International Space Station is conducting the fourth and final spacewalk of its six-month mission Friday to install and replace equipment.
Thousands of irreplaceable books feared lost in German library &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; WEIMAR, Germany German officials are trying to determine exactly what was lost in a blaze at a library housing some the country #39;s most prized books.
Mauresmo, Sugiyama reach Open #39;s fourth round; Massu fined Amelie Mauresmo played much more like someone serious about winning her first Grand Slam title and reaching No. 1. Showing little of the rust or fatigue displayed in her previous match, the second-seeded Mauresmo easily beat No.
Czech Republic Crushes Germany in World Cup Hockey The Czech Republic #39;s vaunted offense finally roared to life, erupting for five unanswered goals in the second period on the way to a 7-2 thrashing of Germany at the World Cup Friday.
Sabres and Vanek agree to deal Buffalo, NY (Sports Network) - The Buffalo Sabres have agreed to terms with 2003 first round draft choice Thomas Vanek on a three year entry-level contract.
Analysts: Malaysian PM, Society Benefit From Anwar Release The release of Malaysia #39;s best known political opposition figure, Anwar Ibrahim, after six years in jail, has brought widespread praise for Prime Minister Abdullah Badawi, who one year ago succeeded Malaysia #39;s long-time leader, Mahathir Mohamad.
UN Court Formally Appoints Defense Lawyers for Milosevic The UN War Crimes Tribunal has named two lawyers to defend former Yugoslav President Slobodan Milosevic, despite his adamant objections.
Oil holds firm above \$44 Oil prices held firm Friday after pipeline sabotage in northern Iraq kept up supply fears that have revived a powerful price rally.
One police officer killed in clashes with militants north of Saudi &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; RIYADH, Saudi Arabia - One policeman was killed and three others wounded in clashes with militants in a town northeast of Riyadh, a Saudi Interior Ministry official said Friday.
German fire destroys 30,000 rare books A fire in one of Germany #39;s most historic libraries has destroyed up to 30,000 rare books.  quot;The destruction of many thousands of books, particularly from the 16th to 18th centuries 
UPDATE: HK Hutchison Gears Up For \$2B HK, US Telecom IPO HONG KONG (Dow Jones)--The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Thursday approved Hutchison Whampoa Ltd. #39;s (0013.HK) application for a US\$2 billion initial public offering of its non-third-generation 
Report: BofA job cuts total 1,365 American Banker reports Ken Lewis, chief executive of Charlotte-based Bank of America Corp. says the bank has laid off 1,365 former FleetBoston Financial Corp.
Current bridge plan urged Single-tower span now quickest, cheapest &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; An audit made public Thursday says that the quickest and cheapest way to protect motorists on the eastern span of the Bay Bridge from major earthquakes is to stick with the plan to build the costly single-tower suspension span that has generated so much 
IBM Recall AC Adapters for Notebook Computers The adapters can overheat, cause damage to the circuit board and melt through the housing, which poses a fire and electrical shock hazard to consumers.
Apache Rejects Microsoft #39;s Sender ID Standard The Apache Software Foundation (ASF), creator of the open-source Apache Web server, noted that it will not support the proposed antispam standard, called Sender ID, because Microsoft #39;s 
Golf: Sergio Garcia Leads Omega European Masters Spain #39;s Sergio Garcia has a one-stroke lead over countryman Miguel Angel Jimenez after the second round of the Omega European Masters golf tournament in Switzerland.
Sabres agree to terms with 2003 first-round pick Vanek ----- BUFFALO, New York (Ticker) - The Buffalo Sabres locked up a piece of their future Friday, agreeing to terms with left wing Thomas Vanek on a three-year contract.
US  #39;beats drug cheats #39; USA Track and Field chief executive officer Craig Masback today declared victory over dope cheats. At the group #39;s annual meeting, he said  quot;our clean athletes took the sport back from the cheaters quot;.
Witness says Kazaa activity can be monitored A witness in the ongoing civil trial against peer-to-peer software provider Sharman Networks has added weight to testimony that logs can be maintained to trace users who are exchanging unlicensed music online using the Kazaa software.
French Hostages in Iraq Are Out of Danger, #39; Islamic Group Says Two French reporters held hostage in Iraq for the past two weeks are out of danger #39; #39; and may be freed soon, an Islamic group in France said on its Web site, citing a French Muslim leader who #39;s been seeking their release.
EU Plans to Help Iraq Hold Elections, Train Police The European Union discussed proposals on Friday to help stabilize Iraq and organize elections there despite lingering differences among member states over the US-led war that ousted Saddam Hussein.
IBM Recalls Notebook Power Cords IBM is recalling power adapters that shipped with certain models of its ThinkPad notebooks sold between January 1999 and August 2000.
Haas puts Grosjean in the shade NEW YORK: Comeback kid Tommy Haas upset 12th seed Sebastien Grosjean to move into the third round of the US Open on Friday. The German former world number two, who missed the whole of last season after shoulder 
Carmelo can #39;t believe he rode DENVER - Carmelo Anthony spent many nights at the Olympics in his hotel room depressed and wanting to go home. The Denver Nuggets star was demoted to the bench during the Athens Games, in which the NBA players 
Can Lebanon weather possible economic sanctions? BEIRUT: Will Lebanon be able to weather any possible US and European economic sanctions in the future if the US Security Council pushed for sanctions against this country in the coming months?
Pace for Wireless Number Switches Quickens (Reuters) Reuters - The number of U.S. wireless\subscribers who are switching providers while keeping their\telephone numbers is accelerating, the Federal Communications\Commission said on Friday.
Pole Vault, Steeplechase World Marks Set (AP) AP - Pole vaulter Yelena Isinbayeva of Russia and steeplechaser Saif Saaeed Shaheen of Qatar set world records at the Van Damme Memorial meet Friday.
Hurricane Delays Second Cubs-Marlins Game (AP) AP - The Florida Marlins postponed Saturday's game against the Chicago Cubs as Hurricane Frances moved closer to the east coast of Florida.
Did Apple Offer Sony an ITunes Deal? (PC World) PC World - The companies could have been partners, but are now music rivals, report says.
Wine.com Raises Another  #36;20 Million in Funding (Reuters) Reuters - Online retailer Wine.com has\secured another  #36;20 million in venture capital funding and\could go public as soon as next year, Chief Executive Officer\George Garrick said on Friday.
Rare 1929 Mercedes become world's second most expensive car (AFP) AFP - An ultra-rare 1929 Mercedes has become the second most expensive car the world has ever seen after selling at a British auction on Friday for 4.18 million pounds (6.16 million euros, 7.43 million dollars).
Unemployment Drops to 5.4 Percent (AP) AP - Employers stepped up hiring in August, expanding payrolls by 144,000 and lowering the unemployment rate marginally to 5.4 percent. While the figures didn't amount to a national job fair, analysts said, they did hold out the promise of stronger growth following the summer lull.
IBM Recalls Notebook Power Adapters (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - IBM (NYSE: IBM) is recalling some 553,000 power adapters used with the company's\ThinkPad laptop computers sold worldwide between January 1999 and August 2000.
Global Mobile-Phone Sales Set New Records (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - Sales of mobile phones took off in the second quarter, fueled in large part by replacement purchases in some regions of the world and a growing number of new users in developing markets, according to research firm Gartner.
The Frugal Investor (Forbes.com) Forbes.com - Why do mutual funds charge so much? The smaller, newer ones argue that they need high fees to get started. The theory is that, once they attract a wad of assets, economies of scale will bring down the fee in percentage terms. Alas, this doesn't happen very often. Fund-tracker Lipper calculates that the average size of diversified domestic equity funds has doubled over the past ten years to  #36;1.4 billion, but still the average expense ratio hasn't gone down a whit. AllianceBernstein Growth  amp; Income doubled its assets in the past five years (to  #36;7. ...
Red Hat Names New CFO (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - Linux provider Red Hat (Nasdaq: RHAT) announced the appointment of Charles E. Peters Jr. as executive vice president and chief financial officer.
Victims of Other Sudan Wars Neglected (AP) AP - While the world focuses on the crisis in Darfur, three times as many people have been suffering for many more years in two other conflicts involving the Sudanese government.
Yankees' Giambi Treated for Tumor in Pituitary Gland (Reuters) Reuters - New York Yankees first baseman\Jason Giambi has been receiving treatment for a benign tumor in\his pituitary gland.
Napster Launches Music-To-Go Service (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - U.S. music-downloading service Napster has launched a preview version of its Napster To Go portable music service, which incorporates \Microsoft's (Nasdaq: MSFT) latest digital-rights management software, Janus.
UPS Says Gov't Approves China Epansion (AP) AP - UPS Inc. says the government has given it the green light to triple its number of flights to China, a key international market in the shipping giant's growth plans.
Global Bond (Forbes.com) Forbes.com - Balanced Funds\European Funds\Foreign Funds\Global Funds\Index Funds\Municipal-Long-Term\Municipal-Medium-Term\Municipal-One-State\Municipal-Short-Term\Pacific Funds\Stock Funds\Taxable-Ginnie Mae\Taxable-Junk\Taxable-Long-Term\Taxable-Medium-Term\Taxable-Short-Term\Taxable-U.S. Treasury
Former IBM Executive Takes EMC Position (AP) AP - EMC Corp., the data storage company, named a former executive from rival IBM Corp. on Friday as its chief technology officer.
Report: Apple offered Sony iTunes deal (MacCentral) MacCentral - Apple Computer Inc. Chief Executive Officer (CEO) Steve Jobs offered Nobuyuki Idei, chairman and group CEO of Sony Corp., the chance for Sony to come aboard Apple's iTunes Music Store service, the Nikkei Sangyo Shimbun newspaper reported in its Sept. 2 edition. The offer would have allowed for joint operation of the service, the newspaper said.
Czechs Rout Germany in World Cup of Hockey (AP) AP - The Czech Republic scored three goals in three minutes during the second period and routed Germany 7-2 Friday in the World Cup of Hockey.
Businesses Batten Down for Frances  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Hurricane Frances threatens to dampen  sales, and possibly earnings, for a slew of companies -- from  insurers to airlines -- as business activity screeches to a  halt only three weeks after Hurricane Charley hit Florida.
Bush, Kerry Clash Over Latest Jobs Report (AP) AP - President Bush hailed a slight decline in unemployment Friday as reason for his re-election, evidence the "economy is strong and getting stronger." Not so, said Sen. John Kerry, countering that the administration's term will end with a net loss of jobs.
Massu Fined  #36;1,000 for Throwing Racket (AP) AP - Nicolas Massu was fined  #36;1,000 at the U.S. Open on Friday for throwing his racket during a loss to Sargis Sargsian in which the double Olympic gold medalist forfeited the opening game of the fifth set.
Spacewalking Astronauts Replace Equipment (AP) AP - Leaving their orbiting outpost unmanned, the international space station's two astronauts floated outside on a spacewalk Friday and plugged in new antennas and replaced a worn-out piece of cooling equipment.
UPDATE 2-Credit Suisse to integrate units, float Winterthur Credit Suisse (CSGN.VX: Quote, Profile, Research) will integrate its investment bank Credit Suisse First Boston with its private bank and aims to float its Winterthur 
Where the stars don't shine: Low-profile for most at RNC (USATODAY.com) USATODAY.com - The Democrats, convening in Boston last month, snagged Sarah Jessica Parker. Carole King. Leonardo DiCaprio. Ben Affleck. Alyssa Milano. And LL Cool J.
Yankees' Giambi Treated for Tumor in Pituitary Gland  NEW YORK (Sports Network) - New York Yankees first baseman  Jason Giambi has been receiving treatment for a benign tumor in  his pituitary gland.
Tech Stocks Tumble as Intel Disappoints  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. technology shares tumbled on  Friday after Intel Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=INTC.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;INTC.O&lt;/A&gt;, the world's No. 1 chip  maker, slashed its revenue forecast, but blue chips were only  moderately lower as drug and industrial stocks gained.
Could Space Signal Be Alien Contact? (Reuters) Reuters - An unexplained radio signal from deep\space could -- just might be -- contact from an alien\civilization, New Scientist magazine reported on Thursday.
Smell Gene May Help People Hide from Mosquitoes (Reuters) Reuters - New insect repellents may work by\stopping pesky mosquitoes and flies from sniffing out their\prey, U.S. researchers reported on Thursday.
Oil Ends Lower Ahead of Long U.S. Weekend  NEW YORK (Reuters) - World oil prices eased on Friday, with  shortened trading hours in New York and London, as traders  squared positions ahead of a long U.S. weekend.
Archaeologists Discover Tomb Near Egypt's Pyramids (Reuters) Reuters - Archaeologists have found a\2,500-year-old tomb near Egypt's ancient pyramids in Giza, the\head of the excavation team told Reuters on Thursday.
Hewitt Hits Top Gear, Mauresmo Storms On  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Former champion Lleyton Hewitt  bristled, battled and eventually blossomed as he took another  step toward a second U.S. Open title with a second-round  victory over Moroccan Hicham Arazi on Friday.
Botswana Donates 500 Elephants to Mozambique (Reuters) Reuters - Botswana, which has the\largest elephant population in Africa, will donate 500 animals\to Mozambique, conservationists and Mozambican officials said\Friday.
New Fossil of Fish-Like Reptile Found in Arctic (Reuters) Reuters - Scientists have found a 16-foot fossil of\a new species of fish-like lizard that swam the seas 160\million years ago when dinosaurs ruled on land.
Garcia Takes One-Stroke Lead at European Masters  CRANS-SUR-SIERRE, Switzerland (Reuters) - Miguel Angel  Jimenez offered a good-natured rebuke to his young compatriot  Sergio Garcia Friday for trying to persuade him to rest before  the Ryder Cup.
Marlins-Cubs Washed Out Saturday as Well  MIAMI (Sports Network) - The first two games of the Florida  Marlins-Chicago Cubs series at Pro Player Stadium scheduled for  Friday and Saturday have been postponed due to the impending  arrival of Hurricane Frances in the Miami area.
U.S. Sues Sears, Alleging Racial Bias  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Sears, Roebuck   Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=S.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;S.N&lt;/A&gt;, was sued  this week by the U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity Commission,  which said the largest U.S. department store chain illegally  fired a store manager because he was black.
Russian Siege Sparks World Horror, Solidarity  LONDON (Reuters) - Tragic, despicable, inhumane, cowardly,  barbaric, evil, and astonishing -- the deaths of a hundred or  more people including children in a siege in Russia sparked  strong words for the hostage-takers from world leaders.
Czech Republic Crushes Germany in World Cup Hockey  PRAGUE (Reuters) - The Czech Republic's vaunted offense  finally roared to life, erupting for five unanswered goals in  the second period on the way to a 7-2 thrashing of Germany at  the World Cup Friday.
U.S. Services Growth Slower in August  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Growth in the vast U.S. services  sector slowed in August although managers seemed more willing  to hire new workers, according to an industry survey published  on Friday.
Army deserter dealt legal setback TORONTO -- A US soldier who deserted because he opposed the war in Iraq appealed for asylum in Canada yesterday but faces an uphill battle to persuade a refugee tribunal that he has the right to stay.
U.S. Mulls New Darfur Resolution, Genocide Finding  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The United States said on Friday it  is preparing a new U.N. resolution on Darfur and that Secretary  of State Colin Powell might address next week whether the  violence in western Sudan constitutes genocide.
Dollar Up After Jobless Rate Declines  CHICAGO (Reuters) - The dollar rose on Friday after a  report showing job growth and an unexpected dip in the August  unemployment rate bolstered speculation of a dollar-boosting  interest rate hike by the Federal Reserve later this month.
France Cautious Amid Hope Hostages Will Be Freed  BAGHDAD/PARIS (Reuters) - France said Friday two French  hostages held in Iraq were being well treated but there were  hurdles to overcome to secure their release.
Enron Interim CEO's Firm Seeks \$25M Bonus Corporate rescue firm Stephen Forbes Cooper LLC applied to a Manhattan bankruptcy court today for the "success fee" as payment for guiding Enron through the Chapter 11 process.
Judge rules Bush statements pose no threat of jury taint FORT HOOD, Texas -- A military judge ruled yesterday that statements by President Bush and military leaders about alleged Abu Ghraib abuses do not appear specific enough to taint the jury pool for next month's trial of a reputed ringleader in the case.
Enron CEO's Firm Submits \$25M Bonus Bill The price of success is \$25 million, according to a filing Friday by the corporate rescue firm of Enron Corp.'s interim chief executive.
Move to relax euro budget rules The European Commission proposes a partial relaxation of the eurozone's strict public spending rules.
Bill Clinton to have heart bypass Former US President Bill Clinton is to undergo surgery after being admitted to hospital in New York.
Bush says delaying vote would send 'wrong signal' WASHINGTON -- President Bush joined the interim president of Iraq yesterday in insisting that Iraqi elections be held Jan. 30, saying that keeping to the election schedule will deter insurgents and quicken the pace toward peace and democracy in Iraq.
Storm prompts mass evacuation Millions of people in Florida are ordered to leave their homes as the US state braces itself for Hurricane Frances.
Cricket: England defeat India Andrew Flintoff is the hero as England beat India by 70 runs at The Oval to win the NatWest Challenge.
Soldiers sue over extension of service WASHINGTON -- Eight soldiers filed a lawsuit yesterday challenging the Army's policy requiring them to serve longer than the terms of their enlistment contracts.
Macedonians to vote on rights law The Macedonian parliament agrees to hold a referendum on a law to give greater power to ethnic Albanians.
U.S. Economy Added 144,000 Jobs in August The pace of job creation picked up modestly in August and the unemployment rate edged down, the Labor Dept. said.
Russia increases Yukos' tax bill Oil giant Yukos has its tax bill for 2001 upped by Russia's tax ministry, a move that may push it closer to bankruptcy.
U.S. Services Growth Slowed in August Growth in the vast U.S. services sector slowed in August although managers seemed more willing to hire new workers, according to an industry survey published today.
Intel Shares Fall 8 on Weak Sales Forecast The computer chip giant's management on Thursady lowered the company's financial projections after concluding businesses and consumers aren't in a spending mood.
No Changes to the Induce Act Please! \\Just let it die!\\The amount of damage this will cause our economy and to the Technology industry\is staggering.\\Let this argument evolve.  The RIAA/MPAA doesn't speak for the entire country.\All this will do is push P2P development offshore.\\"The U.S. Copyright Office has drafted a new version of the Induce Act that it\believes will ban networks like Kazaa and Morpheus while not putting hardware\such as portable hard drives and MP3 players on the wrong side of the law."\\"The original Induce Act has been severely criticized for possibly jeopardizing\products such Apple Computer's iPod that could "induce" people to commit piracy."\\
Ferrero Knocked Out Juan Carlos Ferrero's difficult year becomes more disappointing when the 2003 U.S. Open runner-up loses to Stefan Koubek in five sets in the second round.
Vanek, Sabres Sign Forward Thomas Vanek agreed to a three-year deal with the Buffalo Sabres on Friday, passing up his final two years of college eligibility at Minnesota.
Mining a Big Winner Mine Safety's stock has risen almost 150 in the year since it was recommended in Hidden Gems.
Gun battle breaks out near Green Zone BAGHDAD -- A heavy gunfight broke out yesterday on a dangerous street in central Baghdad within blocks of the country's most fortified facilities, including the US Embassy and interim Iraqi government headquarters. Five more American troops were killed in the volatile Anbar province.
Hammer Thrower Asked to Return Gold Medal, Submit DNA Sample Hungarian sports authorities urged hammer thrower Adrian Annus on Friday to give back his Olympic medal after he was stripped of the gold for refusing to take a follow-up drug test.
Rumsfeld hopeful of troop exit by '08 KUWAIT CITY -- Defense Secretary Donald H. Rumsfeld expressed hope yesterday, but did not explicitly predict, that US troops would be out of Iraq by the end of President Bush's second term.
Spacewalking Astronauts Replace Equipment CAPE CANAVERAL, Fla. - Leaving their orbiting outpost unmanned, the international space station's two astronauts floated outside on a spacewalk Friday and plugged in new antennas and replaced a worn-out piece of cooling equipment...
Stocks Fall on Jobs Report, Intel Warning NEW YORK - Technology stocks led Wall Street lower Friday after an uninspiring employment report failed to mitigate investors' concerns over Intel Corp.'s profit outlook. The major indexes finished the week mixed...
Russians Storm School; 150 May Be Dead BESLAN, Russia - Commandos stormed a school Friday in southern Russia and battled separatist rebels holding hundreds of hostages, as crying children, some naked and covered in blood, fled through explosions and gunfire. Ninety-five bodies have been identified, but one official said the death toll could far exceed 150...
Bill Clinton to Undergo Bypass Surgery NEW YORK - Former President Bill Clinton checked into a Manhattan hospital Friday with chest pains and will soon undergo bypass surgery, his office announced.    An angiogram given to Clinton, who had been expected to campaign for Sen...
Stocks Move Lower on Employment Report NEW YORK - Stocks were modestly lower in Friday as investors sorted through an uninspiring employment report and Intel Corp.'s weak profit outlook hit technology shares hard.    Investors were satisfied with - but not impressed by - the Labor Department's latest reading on unemployment, which fell to 5.4 percent from 5.5 percent in July, and the 144,000 jobs created in August was close to the 150,000 Wall Street had expected...
Astronauts Float Outside for a Spacewalk CAPE CANAVERAL, Fla. - Leaving the orbiting outpost unmanned, the international space station's two astronauts floated outside on a spacewalk Friday to plug in new antennas and replace a worn-out piece of cooling equipment...
Blast in South Afghan City Kills One, Wounds Four At least one man was killed and four wounded Friday when a bomb exploded in the southern Afghan city of Kandahar, in the latest attack by Taliban fighters intent on derailing a landmark election next month.
Does SP2 cause bovine lesbianism? &lt;strong&gt;Letters&lt;/strong&gt; And &lt;em&gt;El Reg&lt;/em&gt; consoles cuckolded husband
Drivers 'carry on using mobiles' Numbers of people using hand-held mobile phones is believed to be rising again in spite of tough new legislation.
Pace for Wireless Number Switches Quickens  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The number of U.S. wireless  subscribers who are switching providers while keeping their  telephone numbers is accelerating, the Federal Communications  Commission said on Friday.
Rivals Say Microsoft Online Music Store Falls Short  SEATTLE (Reuters) - Microsoft Corp's. newly launched MSN  Music download service has a long way to go to catch up with  iTunes and other online services, competitors said on Thursday.
Intel Sets Off New Jitters The tech sector continues to sit on unstable ground, with Intel Corp. lowering its forecast due to lagging consumer demand for technology products and fueling investor buzz of weakness in the sector.&lt;br&gt;&lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-washingtonpost.com&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Microsoft Warns on Spyware's Impact Though Microsoft Corp.'s new security update package is all about protecting systems from worms, viruses and spyware, it can't do much about what's already on computers - and that could pose a problem.
7-11 Rolls Out HP Inventory System Convenience store operator 7-Eleven Inc. said Friday that it launched a five-year, \$55 million rollout of Hewlett-Packard Co.'s inventory control and ordering tools in 5,300 of its U.S. stores.
Honda Enhances Speech-Recognition System Honda Motor Co., with help from partner IBM Corp., is preparing to introduce an improved speech-recognition system that will allow drivers to get voice navigation guidance without having to manually punch in any information or take their eyes off the road to read a computer screen.
Review: Microsoft's OneNote Organizes Data Consider the New World of Information - stuff that, unlike the paper days of the past, doesn't always physically exist. You've got notes, scrawlings and snippets, Web graphics, photos and sounds. Stuff needs to be cut, pasted, highlighted, annotated, crossed out, dragged away. And, as Ross Perot used to say (or maybe it was Dana Carvey impersonating him), don't forget the graphs and charts.
Genesis Reentry On September 8th, a daylight fireball will streak across the western United States. It's Genesis, returning samples of the Sun to Earth.
Gentlemen, start your gyros! Four months after launch, NASA's Gravity Probe B spacecraft has begun its search for an elusive space-time vortex around Earth.
Dictators "Defacing" Famed Burma Temples, Editor Says &lt;I&gt;Traveler&lt;/I&gt; magazine's geotourism editor says the military dictators of Burma (Myanmar) are defacing medieval Buddhist temples at one of Asia's greatest archaeological sites.
Fossil Pushes Upright Walking Back 2 Million Years, Study Says Computer analysis of an African fossil indicates that a human-like creature walked upright six million years ago #151;the earliest evidence of bipedalism found to date.
Cats Can Catch and Spread Bird Flu, Study Says A bird flu virus killed 26 people in Asia and prompted widespread slaughter of poultry several months ago. Now a new study says it can also infect cats.
Spacewalking Astronauts Replace Equipment on Space Station By MARCIA DUNN     CAPE CANAVERAL, Fla. (AP) -- Leaving their orbiting outpost unmanned, the international space station's two astronauts floated outside on a spacewalk Friday and plugged in new antennas and replaced a worn-out piece of cooling equipment...
Briefly: Lawmakers to vote on spyware, piracy bills roundup Plus: Microsoft tests Windows Marketplace...Nortel delays financials again...Microsoft updates SharePoint.
Microsoft: Linux may mean price cuts, fewer sales SEC filing shows just how much open source is worrying the software giant.
Ferrari's high-tech tune-up Dieter Gundel, head of racetrack electronics at Ferrari, says all strategy decisions are based on computer simulations.
Wine.com to decant \$20 million in funding The online wine retailer ferments plans to improve its business and Web site for customers.
Big Blue veteran heads to EMC Jeffrey Nick will become EMC's chief technology officer, an addition that analysts laud as a big win for the storage company.
Government finds witness in RAM price-fixing probe An appeals court ruling shows that the Justice Department has at least one witness in its developing antitrust case.
HP bags orders from 7-Eleven, Publix The computing giant wins two lucrative deals to provide retail network hardware and services.
IBM storage server targets midsize companies Big Blue is the latest to embrace iSCSI, a protocol increasingly being used to build low-cost storage area networks.
F5 Networks to introduce next-gen traffic manager F5 Networks will announce its new switch next week, part of efforts to broaden its reach in the market.
3Com lowers revenue forecast One analyst complains that the gear maker is in a "perpetual state of transition, constantly trying to identify where it can execute."
Powell to visit Europe, Africa on healing mission SOFIA, Bulgaria -- With just a few weeks left in office, Secretary of State Colin L. Powell is planning visits to three European countries this week in hopes of healing divisions stemming from the Iraq war and stressing a renewed US commitment to multilateral solutions to global hot spots.
Alienware powers up 4GHz desktop Game system specialist revs up a new PC with a homegrown Pentium 4 that beats Intel to the 4GHz punch.
'Madden NFL' called for unnecessary roughness Fans of EA's hit football game protest a scrimmage-line glitch.
Hard drive with 23,000 Social Security numbers disappears California State University officials believe the data was inadvertently thrown away, triggering a new state law requiring all people whose information was stolen to be notified.
Maryland court rejects paper requirement for e-voting A judge said it would be too costly to allow voters skeptical of electronic voting systems to opt for paper ballots.
IBM Rolls Out Arrays, Tries Again on iSCSI New entry-level workgroup storage devices start at \$3,000.
EMC taps longtime IBM veteran Jeffrey Nick for CTO position Jeffrey Nick, an IBM veteran who helped design the company's on-demand computing initiative and led its grid computing strategy, has been named EMC's new CTO.
IBM, Honda deliver in-car speech-recognition navigation system IBM and Honda have jointly developed a hands-free and natural sounding in-vehicle speech-recognition system that will be offered as standard equipment on the 2005 Acura RL.
IDC: Storage market revenue grows; HP's share shrinks The research firm estimated that the market for disk storage systems grew by 5 overall, to \$5 billion, from \$4.77 billion a year earlier in the second quarter. HP led the way, followed by IBM and EMC.
Intel lowers Q3 revenue estimates The chip maker now expects revenue of between \$8.3 billion and \$8.6 billion due to lower-than-expected worldwide demand for its processors as well as "customer reductions in component inventory levels."
IBM recalls 225,000 ThinkPad power adapters due to fire hazard The U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission said the parts being recalled are 56-watt AC power adapters that were shipped primarily with IBM ThinkPad i Series, 390 and 240 Series, and S Series notebook computers.
F5, Redline expand software for speeding app performance Rivals F5 Networks and Redline Networks are announcing new Web-enabled application delivery tools that are designed to accelerate data processing by shifting workloads off of servers.
U.S. government, companies warn of critical Oracle flaws US-CERT has issued an alert citing several security flaws in Oracle products that could be used to shut down or take control of vulnerable systems or to corrupt or steal data from Oracle databases.
IDF: Dueling ultrawideband teams to push ahead SAN FRANCISCO - Backers of two different types of UWB (ultrawideband) networks next week will announce moves toward consumer products that use the short-range wireless technology.
EMC nabs former IBM grid guru for CTO position EMC Corp. has hired the former chief architect of IBM Corp.'s Grid computing initiative as senior vice president and chief technology officer (CTO) for the Hopkinton, Mass., storage vendor. Jeff Nick, a 24-year IBM veteran and former IBM Fellow, began serving as EMC's CTO on Monday of this week, the company said Friday.
Expand Beyond gets broad wireless patent Expand Beyond Corp., which makes tools for remotely managing databases, has been awarded a broad patent for technology used to monitor and manage computer systems from a wireless device, the company announced Friday.
Storage market grows, HP's share shrinks Hewlett-Packard Co. (HP) held on to its lead in the disk storage systems market in the second quarter, but saw a decline in revenue and market share, according to a survey by market researcher IDC published Friday.
IBM seeks to block lawsuit by Gypsies DSSELDORF, GERMANY - IBM Corp. has moved to block a lawsuit by a group of European Gypsies for allegedly allowing its punch-card machines to be used by World War II Nazis to commit genocide more efficiently.
Google May Face Another Lawsuit GEICO's case alleges that keyword advertising programs infringe on its trademark.
Microsoft's OneNote Organizes Data The meekly marketed OneNote, the software behemoth's marvelous electronic filing cabinet, is The Answer when it comes to socking away the bits of wisdom and useful information we spend much of our lives trying to store.
Oil resumes climb amid Yukos concern World crude prices rose Thursday after Russian oil company Yukos said a Moscow court #39;s decision to effectively freeze its bank accounts threatened its ability to continue production.
3Com Lowers Revenue Forecast, Shares Drop 3Com Corp. , a smaller rival of telecommunications equipment maker Cisco Systems Inc. , on Friday lowered its revenue and gross margin forecasts for its fiscal first quarter, sending its shares down more than 10 percent.
American adds fee for non-Web ticket buys Fort Worth-based American Airlines Inc. has followed the lead of competitor Northwest Airlines by adding a new charge to travelers who book tickets over the telephone or at ticket counters, in an effort to 
Sluggish back-to-school buying hits retail sales Wal-Mart Stores (WMT) and other top retailers reported sluggish August sales Thursday, below Wall Street expectations, as soaring fuel prices cut into back-to-school spending.
Dresser Inc. files \$575M IPO NEW YORK (CBS.MW) -- Dresser Inc., an Addison, Texas, drilling equipment company sold by Halliburton to private equity firms in 2001, on Friday filed to raise as much as \$575 million in an initial public offering.
Brazil Economy Gets Vote of Confidence Brazil #39;s government got a big boost Friday when the new head of the International Monetary Fund praised its economic policy and economists raised their growth forecast for the continent #39;s largest economy.
Calif. schools warned of identity theft LOS ANGELES - California university officials have warned nearly 600,000 students and faculty that they might be exposed to identity theft following incidents where computer hard drives loaded with their private information were lost or hacked into.
GEICO Gets Go-Ahead On Trademark Suit Against Google, Overture The judge in GEICO #39;s trademark infringement case against Google and Yahoo! #39;s Overture division has declined the defendants #39; motions to dismiss, effectively giving the go-ahead to a case with big implications for search engines #39; use of trademarks as 
Aliens likely to send letters not e-mails! WASHINGTON: When extra terrestrials want to tell their fellow beings, back on their mother planets, what earthlings are like, chances are that they will be visiting the nearest post office rather than rushing to the neighbourhood phone booth, as a new 
US Open: Henin-Hardenne Toils, Agassi Rolls Defending champion Justine Henin-Hardenne scraped through to the third round of the US Open Thursday but her progress was about as smooth as rush-hour traffic in downtown Manhattan.
Meek India give up without a fight This England innings had three stages. The first, where a confident Vikram Solanki and Marcus Trescothick flattened the Indian pace attack, who in turn, didn #39;t help their own cause with some wayward bowling.
Florida VARs, Distributors Close Shop Hurricane Frances has lost some of its bluster, but not enough to bring solution providers back to work. Calls were not answered at about a dozen Miami-area solution providers Friday, who no doubt were home bracing for the storm.
Hundreds die in commando raid MORE than 200 people - including children - are believed to have died after the school hostage crisis in Russia came to chaotic and bloody end today.
Decision on French hostages expected Duba - A purported statement from the kidnappers of two French journalist hostages, said they would announce a decision on their fate soon and denied they delegated negotiations to any other group.
Sen. Corzine: Sudan Not Disarming Militias in Darfur Description: Sen. Jon Corzine (D-NJ), who just returned from a trip to Sudan, says he saw little evidence that Sudan is trying to disarm militias carrying out attacks in Darfur, despite government claims.
Mahathir obsolete: Anwar FREED former Malaysian deputy prime minister Anwar Ibrahim has lived up to his reputation for outspokenness, declaring on his first night out of jail that he was released because Malaysian Prime Minister Abdullah Badawi was  quot;ignoring quot; his predecessor 
Israeli helicopters fire missiles on Gaza camps Israeli helicopters Friday night firedtwo or three missiles on a refugee camp in the central Gaza Strip,witnesses said. The witnesses said that the missiles hit a warehouse in theMughazi refugee camp and set it on fire.
Indian FM:  #39;Do Not Expect Major Breakthroughs at Pakistan Talks #39; India #39;s Foreign Minister Natwar Singh says both India and Pakistan should not expect major breakthroughs in talks this Sunday aimed at building peace between the rivals.
First threat , then the wait NEW DELHI, SEPTEMBER 3: After 42 days of captivity in Iraq, including a few traumatic TV moments with guns at their foreheads, the return of Tilak Raj, Antaryami Bains and Sukhdev Singh on Friday morning was quite simply the reunion of three weary men 
News: Old PCs are goldmine for data thieves Organisations are risking seeing sensitive information ending up in the wrong hands, because they are failing to ensure that their unwanted PCs are properly datawiped.
Russian Siege Sparks World Horror, Solidarity (Reuters) Reuters - Tragic, despicable, inhumane, cowardly,\barbaric, evil, and astonishing -- the deaths of a hundred or\more people including children in a siege in Russia sparked\strong words for the hostage-takers from world leaders,\including Canadian Prime Minister, Paul Martin.
Darfur in chaos, says UN report 2.3 million said in need of aid UNITED NATIONS -- Despite peace deals, Sudan's Darfur region is lapsing into chaos, with rebels attacking police and the government ignoring brutal tribesmen they once armed, according to a UN report yesterday.
Cantor Fitzgerald Sues Al Qaeda Over 9/11  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Cantor Fitzgerald, the bond brokerage  that suffered more deaths in the Sept. 11 attacks than any  other company, on Friday sued al Qaeda, Saudi Arabia and dozens  of foreign companies seeking damages related to the attacks on  the World Trade Center.
Job Picture Brightens with August Hiring The US job market brightened modestly in August as employers added 144,000 workers to payrolls and weak hiring tallies for the two prior months were revised up, the Labor Department said on Friday.
7-Eleven Turns To HP To Streamline Operations The rollout of new servers and networking switches in stores is part of a five-year agreement supporting 7-Eleven #39;s Retail Information System.
Calif. Schools Warned of Identity Theft LOS ANGELES -- California university officials have warned nearly 600,000 students and faculty that they might be exposed to identity theft following incidents where computer hard drives loaded with their private information were lost or hacked into.
Wi-Fi Security Update WPA2 Wi-Fi Protected Access products, both access points and client air cards, will soon be flooding the market. This uses the Advanced Encryption Standard AES which is compliant with the FIPS140-2 government security requirements.
Sharapova has power and movement to eclipse Pierce Maria Sharapova is in uncharted waters here, having reached the third round at Flushing Meadows for the first time. But I #39;m confident she can sink Mary Pierce this weekend and sail on into the second week of play.
Americans Should Push For Strong, Political Response to &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The essence of genocide, under international law, is the intentional physical destruction of a group; the intent can be to destroy the group in whole or in substantial part.
Satellite Sees Through Hurricane Frances European Space Agency -- Hurricanes are one of those forces of nature that can only fully be captured by satellite imagery. For Hurricane Frances, currently thundering towards the United States coast, ESA's Envisat is going one better, peering through the hurricane from top to bottom, even helping to 'see' under the waves to map hidden forces powering the storm...
New Yukos warning after \$2.6 bn ruling Yukos issued a fresh warning yesterday that it could be forced to cut output, after a court ruling allowing authorities to seize up to \$2.
IBM recalls notebook power adapters IBM, maker of the popular Thinkpad notebook computers, released a statement announcing the recall of 553,000 notebook computer power adapters.
Spacewalking astronauts replace worn-out piece of cooling &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Leaving their orbiting outpost unmanned, the international space station #39;s two astronauts floated outside on a spacewalk Friday and plugged in new antennas and replaced a worn-out piece of cooling equipment.
F5 #39;s Integrated Approach To Web Traffic Management F5 Networks is making over its flagship Big-IP traffic management platform this week with the launch of new software and hardware aimed at securing and improving the performance of Web and legacy applications.
Czechs keep  #39;em guessing One thing you have to give Team Czech Republic, they #39;re not boring and they certainly keep you guessing about what they are going to do next.
Devil Rays postpone two games against Tigers The Tampa Bay Devil Rays postponed Saturday and Sunday #39;s games against the Detroit Tigers as Hurricane Frances moved closer to Florida.
Siege at Russian School Over, At least 100 Dead The hostage crisis at a school in southern Russian has ended, after a daylong battle between militants and authorities that left at least 100 people dead, many of them children, and hundreds more wounded.
Burrell Back in Lineup for Philadelphia (AP) AP - Philadelphia left fielder Pat Burrell was in the lineup and batting sixth against the New York Mets on Friday, less than six weeks after his season appeared over because of a wrist injury.
Cowboys Put Darren Woodson on PUP List (AP) AP - The Dallas Cowboys put safety Darren Woodson on the physically unable to perform list Friday, meaning he'll miss at least the first five games of the season.
Germany Library Fire Destroys Rare Books (AP) AP - A fire that ripped through one of Germany's most precious historical libraries destroyed or damaged tens of thousands of irreplaceable books, although some 6,000 works, including a 1543 Martin Luther Bible, were spirited to safety by a chain of people, officials said Friday.
Lebanon Moves to Keep President in Office (AP) AP - Lebanon's Parliament amended the country's constitution Friday to extend pro-Syrian President Emile Lahoud's term, ignoring U.N. calls to hold an election to choose the head of state.
Liberian children get unexpected windfall from Rooney transfer (AFP) AFP - While Everton fans are aghast at the loss of Wayne Rooney to Manchester United, for some children in far-off Liberia there is an unexpected bonus - a mass of unwanted Everton football shirts bearing the teenage star's name.
Injured Ferrero Edged Out by Koubek  NEW YORK (Reuters) - An injured Juan Carlos Ferrero  suffered his third successive early exit from a grand slam on  Friday when he was beaten 7-6, 4-6, 6-7, 6-2, 6-3, in the  second round of the U.S. Open by Austria's Stefan Koubek.
Chechen warlord behind school hostage-taking, says FSB Chechnya #39;s notorious warlord ShamilBasayev is behind the school hostage-taking in southern Russia that has led to the deaths of over 100 people, Russia #39;s Federal Security Service (FSB) said.
UN tells Syria to quit Lebanon A US-drafted resolution telling Syria to withdraw its forces from Lebanon and warning against foreign interference in Beirut #39;s presidential election has squeaked through the UN Security Council.
Seoul says nuclear work not authorized SEOUL The South Korean government insisted Friday that what it called an experiment to enrich uranium at the Korea Atomic Energy Institute in 2000 was an unauthorized experiment by unsupervised scientists.
UN court curbs Milosevic #39;s role in mammoth trial THE HAGUE : The UN war crimes court appointed to British lawyers to act as defence counsel for Slobodan Milosevic thus curbing the role the former Yugoslav president can play in his own trial.
Cross-border terror to be focus of Indo-Pak talks New Delhi, Sept.2 (PTI): India will raise its concerns over cross-border terrorism with Pakistan at the upcoming ministerial talks here, External Affairs Minister K Natwar Singh said today.
Quickly Asia SEOUL - Two soldiers were killed and 12 others injured yesterday when an anti-tank rocket that was fired by mistake hit a group of troops in training, the army said.
Touching the Tangled Sun One of the great mysteries for astronomers is why our Sun's surface is so much hotter than its core. The counterintuitive answer, according to a suite of solar observatories, hinges on the Sun's tangled magnetic field and deep, fiery waves...
Stripped down Longhorn still offers gems Even though Microsofts much-anticipated Longhorn has been stripped of its unified file system and some of its other key Longhorn technologies will be available for Windows XP and Windows Server 2003, the next Windows release will still be worth the upgrade, according to Microsoft.
Honda Enhances Speech-Recognition System With IBM By JOHN PORRETTO    DETROIT (AP) -- Honda Motor Co. (HMC), with help from partner IBM Corp., is preparing to introduce an improved speech-recognition system that will allow drivers to get voice navigation guidance without having to manually punch in any information or take their eyes off the road to read a computer screen...
Pfizer to settle asbestos claims (New York-AP, Sept. 3, 2004 5:40 PM) _ Pfizer agreed to pay \$430 million to settle lawsuits alleging injury from insulation products made by a subsidiary.
Spammers Are Early Adopters of SPF Standard nazarijo writes  quot;In an article entitled Spammers using sender authentication too, study says, Infoworld reports that a study by CipherTrust shows that SPF and Sender ID (SID) aren #39;t nearly as effective as we expected them to be when combatting spam.
Hewitt advances to US Open 3rd round Former champion Lleyton Hewitt of Australia advanced to the third round in the US Open Friday with a victory over Hicham Arazi. Hewitt, the fourth seed who won the title 
Sabres sign top prospect Vanek CBC SPORTS ONLINE - The Buffalo Sabres agreed to terms with former first-round draft choice Thomas Vanek on Friday. The Sabres signed the left-winger, the fifth overall selection in the 2003 NHL Entry Draft, to a three-year entry-level contract.
China to host first stewardess beauty pageant Beijing, Sept 4. (PTI): China will host the first International Stewardess Beauty Pageant in early November in Zhuhai in south China #39;s Guangdong Province, the organisers announced today.
Tennessee to Start Freshman Quarterback (AP) AP - Brent Schaeffer will become the first true freshman to start at quarterback for Tennessee in a season opener when the Vols plays UNLV on Sunday.
Head of South African engineering firm charged with nuclear trafficking (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - VANDERBIJLPARK, South Africa (AP) - The head of a South African engineering company was charged Friday with trafficking in nuclear-related materials that could be used to make weapons of mass destruction.
South Korea denies harbouring any secret nuclear weapons ambitions (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - SEOUL, South Korea (AP) - Denying it has any nuclear weapons ambitions, South Korea insisted Friday that a one-time uranium enrichment test by its scientists will not derail U.S.-led efforts to dismantle rival North Korea's nuclear programs.
Miami Reluctantly Plays Preseason Finale (AP) AP - The Miami Dolphins reluctantly played their exhibition game at New Orleans on Friday, not wanting to leave their families, friends and homes as Hurricane Frances neared the eastern coast of Florida.
U.S. Open: Hewitt Hits Top Gear, Mauresmo Storms On  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Former champion Lleyton Hewitt  bristled, battled and eventually blossomed as he took another  step toward a second U.S. Open title with a second-round  victory over Moroccan Hicham Arazi on Friday.
Hope Turns to Caution in French Hostage Crisis  BAGHDAD/PARIS (Reuters) - Two French hostages held in Iraq  are being well treated but there are hurdles to overcome to  secure their release, officials said.
US soldier tried to help al-Qaeda A US soldier is convicted of trying to aid Osama Bin Laden's al-Qaeda network by offering details on army strength and tactics.
Indexes  #39;Trending #39; Down With Intel The chipmaker says its revenue for the ongoing quarter will be \$8.3 billion to \$8.6 billion, down from the previous estimate of \$8.
EU asks Russia to explain high siege toll The European Union has asked Russia to explain the bloody end to the school siege, which resulted in a huge loss of life. In a statement in the name of the presidency of the 25-nation EU, Dutch Foreign Minister 
Tech Stocks End Lower, Intel Disappoints US technology shares tumbled on Friday after technology bellwether Intel Corp. (INTC.O: Quote, Profile, Research) slashed its revenue forecast, but blue chips were only moderately lower as drug and industrial stocks made solid gains.
August Unemployment Dips to 5.4 Percent WASHINGTON - The US job market brightened in August as employers added 144,000 workers to their payrolls and hiring totals for the two prior months were revised up, the Labor Department (search) reported on Friday.
Spyware Could Bungle XP SP2 Update Though Microsoft #39;s new security update package is all about protecting systems from worms, viruses and spyware, it can #39;t do much about what #39;s already on computersand that could pose a problem.
F5 Networks to introduce next-gen traffic manager F5 Networks will reveal its long-touted next-generation Internet traffic management switch on Tuesday, a device it says will help corporate customers get better performance from their networks.
Mears On California Pole FONTANA, CA.California native Casey Mears was glad to be home. So glad in fact, he put his No. 41 Dodge on the Busch Series pole position for Saturday #39;s Target House 300 run on the two-mile California Speedway.
Racing: Solberg rises to the occasion in Japan OBIHIRO, Japan : Norway #39;s world champion Petter Solberg took charge of the inaugural Rally of Japan after the first day of driving although the Subaru driver will be hard pressed to keep his lead on day two.
Coach Dave Leitao agrees to six-year contract extension at DePaul CHICAGO - DePaul men #39;s basketball coach Dave Leitao has agreed to a six-year contract extension, the university announced Friday.
French hostage crisis drags on, Iraq #39;s northern oil exports halted BAGHDAD : France held its breath for two of its reporters kidnapped in Iraq, while the war-torn country #39;s ailing economy was dealt a massive blow after a key export pipeline suffered its biggest post-war attack.
US Blasts Lebanese Parliament #39;s Extension of Presidential Term The United States says the Lebanese parliament #39;s decision Friday to extend the term of pro-Syrian President Emile Lahoud made a  quot;crude mockery of democratic principles.
Sudan: Annan calls for expanded international presence to stop &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; 3 September 2004 - Secretary-General Kofi Annan says the international presence in Sudan #39;s war-torn Darfur region must be expanded as soon as possible because attacks against civilians are continuing and  quot;the vast majority of militias quot; have not been 
ASEAN members plan a single market Southeast Asian countries have completed talks on a plan for economic integration, bringing the region a step closer to creating a European-style single market covering 530 million people.
Sri Lanka gov #39;t gains parliamentary majority COLOMBO - President Chandrika Kumaratunga #39;s ruling United People #39;s Freedom Alliance coalition on Friday won crucial support from an opposition party that gives it a simple parliamentary majority for the first time since winning the April election.
French journalists  #39;about to be freed #39; The two French journalists held by Islamist militants in Iraq are safe and could be freed at any time, the most influential Sunni Muslim organisation in Baghdad said yesterday.
Athletics: Shaheen record run lifts after-show party For Saif Saaeed Shaheen, the Memorial Van Damme in the Stade Roi Baudouin last night was the Lord Mayor #39;s Show, not after it. He made the most of it, steeplechasing in all his 
FLINTOFF STARS AS ENGLAND WIN SERIES Andrew Flintoff and Paul Collingwood #39;s England record fifth-wicket stand carried the hosts to a morale-boosting series victory over India in the NatWest Challenge at The Oval on Friday.
Lower Costs Prompt Internet Boom in Britain -Study (Reuters) Reuters - The number of newcomers to the Internet\in Britain has surged this year to its highest level since the\dotcom heyday of 2001, according to a study released on\Saturday.
Seven young men arraigned in stabbing death of 19-year-old Quebec teen (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - LAVAL, Que. (CP) - Seven young males were arraigned in court on Friday in the stabbing death of a 19-year-old man last month.
Nagging Questions Dog Georgia Opener (AP) AP - Beginning a season of high expectations, the Georgia Bulldogs still have a few questions to answer.
Baker Recovers From Open Heart Surgery (AP) AP - Howard Baker, the former Senate majority leader now serving as U.S. ambassador to Japan, was expected to leave intensive care Friday, four days after open heart surgery.
Bombs rock 7 cities in Spain after terror group's warning MADRID -- Explosions rattled seven Spanish cities yesterday following telephone warnings from the armed Basque separatist group ETA, in a resurgence of violence after months of keeping a low profile since the deadly Madrid train bombings by Muslim militants.
US Sues Sears, Accusing It of Racial Bias The Equal Employment Opportunity Commission has sued Sears, Roebuck, contending that it illegally fired an automotive repair store manager because he was black.
Last Words On Service Pack 2 thejoelpatrol writes  quot;So did Slashdotters call this one? Windows XP SP2 seems not to be so secure after all. A Register reporter goes in depth to find out just how safe a fresh install is.
Space Station Crew Takes Maintenance Spacewalk A US astronaut and Russian cosmonaut have taken a spacewalk outside the international space station to work on an aging air conditioner and install communications antennas.
Kim fires 62 to take first-round lead SPRINGFIELD (Illinois): Christina Kim celebrated her parents silver wedding anniversary by firing a 62, matching her career best, here Thursday to take the first-round lead in the \$1.
DePaul #39;s Leitao gets contract extension Chicago, IL (Sports Network) - DePaul University head men #39;s basketball coach Dave Leitao agreed to a six-year contract extension on Friday.
Coming back for more At this weekend #39;s 50th Mac Tools US Nationals at Indianapolis Raceway Park, the NHRA POWERade extravaganza will be a homecoming of sorts for several familiar racers who have 
Hague Court Appoints Defense Lawyers for Milosevic UN judges Friday appointed two British lawyers to run the defense for former Yugoslav President Slobodan Milosevic to prevent further delays to his war crimes trial because of his poor health.
IBM adds iSCSI to SANs IBM moved back into the iSCSI (Internet SCSI) market Friday with a new array priced at \$3,000 and aimed at the small and midsize business market.
IMac G5: another P from the iPod The iPod #39;s importance to Apple, which has in the past been overshadowed by the likes of Microsoft and Dell in the desktop stakes, cannot be underestimated.
Chip maker plans capacity hike amid slowdown fear SHANGHAI: Semiconductor Ma-nufacturing International Corp., Chinas top chip maker, said it aims to hike capacity by about half by the end of 2005 to feed an anticipated sales leap in a \$30 billion market.
Gates spills thoughts on Longhorn dilemma If the pessimist sees the glass half empty and the optimist sees it half full, what do we make of Bill Gates seeing his Longhorn glass three-quarters full?
Kim ties record at State Farm Classic Christina Kim made 11 birdies and tied the tournament record of 10-under-par 62 for a two-shot lead after the opening round of the LPGA State Farm Classic in Springfield, Ill.
Gerrard doubtful for Austria match Vienna, Austria (Sports Network) - English midfielder Steven Gerrard will likely miss Saturday #39;s World Cup qualifier against Austria with a groin injury.
Miller Time: Pats re-sign veteran As expected, the Patriots re-signed veteran quarterback Jim Miller Friday afternoon. New England had released the 33-year-old earlier in the week as they cut their rosters down to 65 players, but the less-than 
South Korea Admits Having Enriched Uranium Description: The South Korean government denies having any plans to develop nuclear weapons, despite the government #39;s admission Thursday that its scientists developed a small amount of weapons-grade uranium four years ago.
Martin, World Leaders, Condemn Russian Siege (Reuters) Reuters - Tragic, despicable, inhumane, cowardly,\barbaric, evil, and astonishing -- the deaths of a hundred or\more people including children in a siege in Russia sparked\strong words for the hostage-takers from world leaders.
Microsoft Takes on iTunes (Reuters) Reuters - Microsoft once again\is looking to eat the lunch of longtime rival Apple Computer,\this time in the digital music arena.
Joswiak: "True to What an iMac Has Always Been About" (MacCentral) MacCentral - After Apple unveiled the iMac G5 in Paris this week, Vice President of Hardware Product Marketing Greg Joswiak gave Macworld editors a guided tour of the desktop's new design. Among the topics of conversation: the iMac's cooling system, why pre-installed Bluetooth functionality and FireWire 800 were left out, and how this new model fits in with Apple's objectives.
Haas on Road to Recovery with Surprise Victory at the Open Tommy Haas, once ranked second in the world, surprised the 12th seed, Sebastien Grosjean of France, 6-4, 6-4, 1-6, 6-1, in the second round.
Continental stops paying pensions Continental Airlines said Friday it will not make any pension contributions this year, taking advantage of changes in funding rules enacted by Congress that permit carriers to skip certain payments.
Google, Overture Trademark Case Moves Forward A federal judge has let insurer GEICO #39;s lawsuit against the two biggest providers of search-based advertising move forward, setting the stage for closer examination of whether the burgeoning form of online ads breaks trademark laws.
Promises, Promises: Microsoft #39;s Credibility Questioned Over &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Sep. 03, 2004 From the September 06, 2004 CRN. Microsoft #39;s decision to cut WinFS out of the Longhorn Windows client upgrade for 2006 is causing a crisis of confidence in the channel.
Company to storm market with blade servers NEW YORK: IBM said that it is making the design of its blade computer servers widely available, in a move designed to gain wider acceptability in data centres and the telecom industry.
Science oddities go on display One of the worlds most bizarre scientific collections has gone on show. From a homemade iron lung to ancient dentists chairs and antique operating tables, it comprises part of the 170,000-odd items in the storerooms of Londons Science Museum.
Second coming at Spa The Belgians must be proud. The reinstated and, looking at the new Bus Stop chicane, one might say reincarnated Spa proved its worth on Sunday with an enthralling, magnificently dramatic race - certainly the best of the year so far.
Patriots cut nine players, re-sign QB Miller FOXBORO, Mass. (Sept. 3, 2004) -- The New England Patriots released nine players and signed two, including quarterback Jim Miller, who was released earlier this week.
Fire Damages Historic German Library Thousands of priceless books have been destroyed or damaged in a fire at one of Germany #39;s most historic libraries, housing about one million rare books and manuscripts.
Nepal pledges Muslim security after riots KATHMANDU: Nepal pledged action on Friday against rioters who ransacked Muslim shrines and businesses following the murder of 12 Nepalese in Iraq, as a curfew kept the minority community away from weekly prayers.
Joswiak: 'True to What an iMac Has Always Been About' (MacCentral) MacCentral - After Apple unveiled the iMac G5 in Paris this week, Vice President of Hardware Product Marketing Greg Joswiak gave Macworld editors a guided tour of the desktop's new design. Among the topics of conversation: the iMac's cooling system, why pre-installed Bluetooth functionality and FireWire 800 were left out, and how this new model fits in with Apple's objectives.
Russia Counts Cost of Bloody End to School Siege  BESLAN, Russia (Reuters) - Russia began counting the cost  on Saturday at the end of siege of a school captured by Chechen  gunmen which killed at least 200 people and cast fresh doubts  on Moscow's policy in the turbulent region.
Oil bonanza boosts Saudi finances Saudi Arabia is set to see a budget surplus for 2004, thanks to surging oil prices, Crown Prince Abdullah says.
Mobiles kill off more phone boxes \Thousands of loss-making phone boxes face the axe as mobile phone use soars in the UK, says BT.
Modifying management behavior Would a half-day management training seminar have made a better boss of Ebenezer Scrooge? You and Bob Cratchit already know the answer; Ebenezer needed a more personal approach to turn him around. Dickens understood that. And now, just 161 years later, using personal coaches to modify behavior is all the rage in the enterprise.
Chinas new face Just back from three weeks in China, Ill spare you the boring slides except for two observations. First, China presents amazing contrasts. You can bounce over mountain roads and still enjoy four bars of reception on your cell phone. (In general, Chinas cell coverage makes that of the United States seem Third World.) Second, China has a great future in IT.
Tax abyss deepens for Yukos MOSCOW Yukos, Russias largest oil producer, had another bad news day Friday as its huge tax bill ballooned again. The Tax Ministry raised its claim against Yukos by \$700 million for 2001, bringing the total 
Ford and GM cut production General Motors and Ford are cutting production in their domestic market over the coming months as car sales begin to slow amid wilting consumer confidence.
EU fines 7 firms for price-fixing BRUSSELS Outokumpu, IMI and five other companies were fined a total of E222.3 million on Friday by the European Commission for fixing the prices of copper tubing used in household plumbing.
Chamber sues SEC over board rule WASHINGTON (CBS.MW) -- The US Chamber of Commerce filed a lawsuit Thursday against the Securities and Exchange Commission, seeking to overturn a rule requiring mutual funds #39; boards of directors to have independent chairs.
HP Will Power 5,300 7-Elevens  quot;HP technology helps us to differentiate ourselves from other retailers in the way we run our stores, select and distribute products, work with suppliers, serve customers and communicate 
Is portable video ready for prime-time viewing? A few years ago, when MP3 players were establishing themselves as the hot cool thing, the next step seemed clear: What if you could take along not only music but movies, television programs, home video and still pictures in a high-tech box svelte enough 
Now, Hurlbert #39;s future will be decided While a jury will not decide Kobe Bryant #39;s future, a jury of a different sort - voters - will decide District Attorney Mark Hurlbert #39;s.
Roundup: England beats India by 70-run margin England beat India by 70 runs in the second one-day international at The Oval in London on Friday. Victory gave England an unbeatable 2-0 lead in the three-match series and was the first time the team had 
Palmer (not that one) and Woods take early lead at Boston Even before he took the first-round lead at the Deutsche Bank Championship, Tiger Woods was having a good day. Mark O #39;Meara, Woods #39; neighbor and tour mentor, was the leader in the clubhouse when Woods teed off in the afternoon at the TPC of Boston.
SI.com TORONTO (Ticker) -- Seattle Mariners pitcher Cha Seung Baek will not have many fond memories of his first major league start. Baek gave up six runs in the second inning and did not make it out of the third 
Lebanon #39;s lost sovereignty When it comes to occupied Arab territory, Syria applies a brazen double standard: In Iraq, the Golan Heights, the West Bank and Gaza, every day of foreign occupation is seen as intolerable.
Milosevic on trial; Reacting to terrorism; A general #39;s crusade; A &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; When one considers the United States #39; cold war preoccupation with containing or destroying socialism over the past 50 years, and Washington #39;s exemplary record at destabilizing communism world-wide, it is a mystery that some cannot for a moment imagine 
Indonesia insists it is committed to war on terror JAKARTA - Indonesia reaffirmed its commitment to fight terrorism yesterday after police officers came under fire for taking a convicted Bali bomber out for coffee.
Bush, Republicans Outpoll Kerry, Democrats on TV (Reuters) Reuters - Although the election is not until
Austrians Doubt Schwarzenegger's Memories (AP) AP - Historians criticized Arnold Schwarzenegger for telling the Republican National Convention that he left a "socialist" country when he moved away in 1968, noting that Austria had conservative leaders during the entire time he lived there.
Hurricane Frances Hits Bahamas; Man Dies (AP) AP - Hurricane Frances battered the main tourist hub in the Bahamas on Friday, unleashing deadly winds that shattered windows in skyscrapers, toppled trees and set off scattered looting. One man was electrocuted in the storm.
EU attempts to make stability and growth pact flexible Plans to revamp the euro #39;s battered rulebook won key backing yesterday, as the European Commission bowed to the inevitable and called for more flexible implementation of the single currency #39;s widely flouted rules.
Russia Counts Cost of Bloody End to School Siege (Reuters) Reuters - Russia began counting the cost\on Saturday at the end of a siege of a school captured by\Chechen gunmen which killed at least 200 people and cast fresh\doubts on Moscow's policy in the turbulent region.
Al-Sadr Says U.S. Can't Defeat Militia (AP) AP - Rebel Shiite cleric Muqtada al-Sadr declared U.S. forces can never defeat his Mahdi militia in a defiant speech read out to 2,000 supporters during the first Friday prayers since the end of a brutal three-week standoff with American troops.
Packers Send Marques Anderson to Raiders (AP) AP - Green Bay traded strong safety Marques Anderson to the Oakland Raiders for two 2005 draft picks on Friday.
Cowboys Name Romo No. 2 QB, Woodson Out (AP) AP - With the preseason finished and a few days left until the roster must be cut to 53 players, Dallas Cowboys coach Bill Parcells revealed several decisions Friday:
Kim Takes Four-Stroke Lead at State Farm (AP) AP - Christina Kim followed a record-tying opening round with a 6-under 66 Friday to take a four-stroke lead midway through the LPGA State Farm Classic.
Russia Counts Cost of Bloody End to School Siege  BESLAN, Russia (Reuters) - Russia began counting the cost  on Saturday at the end of a siege of a school captured by  Chechen gunmen which killed at least 200 people and cast fresh  doubts on Moscow's policy in the turbulent region.
Ch. 11 threat for US Airways flier miles US Airways is at risk of filing Chapter 11 bankruptcy, which has frequent fliers thinking about cashing in miles, Boston.com reports.
Auto Stocks Surge After Weak Sales General Motors Corp. (GM.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Thursday led a late-day rally in auto stocks, one day after the world #39;s largest automaker posted dismal US sales results for August and cut vehicle production.
Last picture show for Rank as it seeks Deluxe buyer Rank Group is working on plans to split off its Deluxe international film and DVD business to focus on bingo, casinos and Hard Rock cafes.
US Airways names vice president of restructuring US Airways Group Inc. named a vice president to oversee its restructuring efforts, the airline said Thursday. James Schear will handle US Airways #39; organizational restructuring responsibilities and work with 
Deluxe sale in the script as Rank slips LEISURE giant Rank is considering hiving off its Deluxe film, DVD and video business after it reported a 20 fall in first-half profits.
Northwest Cancels a Travel Agency Fee Northwest Airlines said yesterday that it had canceled a new fee it charged travel agencies for a round-trip domestic ticket booked through global distribution systems, effective immediately.
Time running out for quake prediction The clock is running out on a highly publicized prediction that a major earthquake will rip through Southern California by Sunday.
Space station crew does some repair work The two-man crew of the international space station went outside again for more repair work. Gennady Padalka and Mike Fincke spent five and a half hours plugging in new antennas and replaced a worn-out piece of cooling equipment.
Acclaim falls on its sword Acclaim Entertainment, the video game publisher responsible for the Turok series and the 1990s blood fest Mortal Kombat, collapsed yesterday under debts of more than \$100m (60m).
Pressure on Beckham David Beckham loves being the centre of attention and tonight the England captain is granted his wish. Steven Gerrard #39;s incapacitation means Beckham moves into the middle against Austria, setting 
Garcia walks tall with a 65 When Sergio Garcia was a little lad, he was actually a very little lad - not very tall and extremely slight of build. But throughout his early teens he was so outrageously talented in every other area of the 
Everton send Rooney shirts to Africa Everton is sending Wayne Rooney football merchandise, worth 65,000, to needy soccer-mad youngsters in west Africa. All the unsold stock from the Rooney section of its shop is being sent to help children and youths in Liberia.
Clubs bite back after most bitter of parting shots Sir Clive Woodward is finally gone but he will not be forgotten at Twickenham in a hurry after an extraordinary farewell outburst yesterday in which he took deliberate aim at the heart of English rugby, condemning the Rugby Football Union as toothless and 
Qatari investment pays off as Shaheen sets record Qatar #39;s multimillion-pound investment in importing sporting talent reaped some benefit when Saif Saeed Shaheen broke the world record for 3,000 metres steeplechase in the Memorial Van Damme in the Stade Roi Baudouin here last night.
Tiger Woods #39; father stricken with cancer Tiger Woods, who could lose his world No1 ranking this week has a far more important worry on his mind. His father, Earl, has suffered a relapse in treatment for prostate cancer and says that the disease has spread through his body.
Gough and Giles prise out India At last the spell has been broken. After 25 completed matches in 10 months of trying England have won a one-day international by batting first and defending a target.
Dolphins arrive for final game short-handed With Hurricane Frances approaching the eastern coast of Florida, Miami players requested that their preseason game in New Orleans be canceled.
Ogden questionable for season opener after knee sprain Baltimore Ravens left tackle Jonathan Ogden sprained the medial collateral ligament in his left knee in Thursday #39;s exhibition game against the New York Giants.
Lebanon Agrees to Extend Term of Leader Imposed by Syria As expected, Lebanon #39;s Parliament on Friday rubber-stamped Syria #39;s order to keep its handpicked president in office, voting in an extraordinary session to amend the Constitution to give him three more years.
Lady Thatcher  #39;paid son #39;s bail money #39; Sir Mark Thatcher bought the freedom to leave his Cape Town mansion yesterday when he paid South Africa #39;s authorities bail money of 165,000.
Israel #39;s informants fail to infiltrate Hamas Israeli intelligence is struggling to get to grips with highly sophisticated Hamas in West Bank bastion. By Majeda El-Batsh - HEBRON, West Bank.
How will child survivors cope? Psychologists explain how the children involved in the Russian siege will need help to come to terms with the traumatic events they have witnessed.
Tennis: Ferrero falls in epic Last year's runner-up Juan Carlos Ferrero goes out of the US Open after a five-set battle with Stefan Koubek.
Protesters invade oil platforms, shutting production LAGOS, Nigeria -- Protesters besieged oil platforms run by Royal Dutch/Shell Group Cos. and ChevronTexaco Corp. for a second day yesterday, shutting down 90,000 barrels a day in oil production, company officials said.
Jimenez to ignore Garcia Someone would be well advised to warn Sergio Garcia to keep off the subject of how Miguel Angel Jimenez should prepare for the Ryder Cup when they play together in today #39;s third round of the Omega European Masters.
BC lumber lobby says WTO ruling on Byrd Amendment helps softwood &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; VANCOUVER (CP) - A World Trade Organization ruling gives Canada needed clout to recover more than \$3 billion in duties destined for US lumber producers, a Canadian lumber lobby says.
Henman nurses the hope that his back will stay on his mind Tim Henman celebrates his 30th birthday on Monday, although celebrate is hardly the right word judging by the face he pulled when the landmark was mentioned.
Russia Counts Cost of Bloody End to School Siege Russia began counting the cost on Saturday at the end of siege of a school captured by Chechen gunmen which killed at least 200 people and cast 
Serena Reaches Fourth Round of U.S. Open (AP) AP - Hardly at her best, barely beating one of the tour's pesky teens, Serena Williams suddenly found herself face-down at the U.S. Open. Running for a ball she couldn't reach, the six-time Grand Slam champion slipped and planted both palms on court to brace herself. Williams shook the sting out of her hands, beckoned a ball boy to retrieve her fallen racket, then took her sweet time before facing break point. Recomposed, Williams smacked a service winner at 111 mph, an ace just as fast, and forced an error. Just like that, she held serve en route to beating 30th-seeded Tatiana Golovin 7-5, 6-4 Friday night to reach the Open's fourth round.
Orange makes fashion, political statements in Kiev KIEV -- Orange scarves, suspenders, turtlenecks, sunglasses, even diapers. Viktor Yushchenko's supporters have flooded the streets of the Ukrainian capital sporting the opposition candidate's color. It's a fashion statement with a political message.
Schottenheimer Delays Naming Quarterback (AP) AP - San Diego Chargers coach Marty Schottenheimer is keeping his team  #151; including quarterbacks Drew Brees and Philip Rivers  #151; in suspense.
Job Gain Of 144,000 For Aug. Eases Fear Economy Is Slowing (Investor's Business Daily) Investor's Business Daily - The economy added 144,000 jobs in August, the Labor Department said Friday, easing fears that the recent soft patch of growth would morph into a prolonged slump.
Tigers Defeat Devil Rays 4-2 (AP) AP - Before the storm, the Detroit Tigers sent Tampa Bay to one more loss.
Georgia Tech Admits Certifying Violation (AP) AP - Georgia Tech acknowledged Friday that it certified 17 athletes as eligible when they had not met the NCAA's academic requirements.
Serena Battles Errors and Golovin to Advance  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Serena Williams moved into the fourth  round of the U.S. Open with an error-strewn 7-5, 6-4, defeat of  French teenager Tatiana Golovin on Friday.
Mayorga Arrested Then Freed Over Rape Allegation  MANAGUA (Reuters) - Nicaraguan former world champion boxer  Ricardo Mayorga was arrested then freed despite pending charges  on Friday after a young woman accused him of raping her in a  Managua hotel.
144,000 Jobs Were Added in August, a Bit of an Uptick The Labor Department report offered some political relief to the White House but only tepid signs of a rebound in employment.
Nokia Falters, and the Finns Take Stock of Their Future After the runaway success of Nokia in the late 1990's, Finland seems to be pondering whether it has lost its competitive inventive edge.
Service-Sector Growth Slows to a 2004 Low Growth in the services sector slowed in August although managers seemed more willing to hire new workers.
Captives Escape After Hours of Pitched Battles More than 700 hostages were rushed to hospitals, but many bodies lay in the charred wreckage of the school's gymnasium.
Statham Moves Forward Quarterback Joel Statham has emerged as the team's clear starter who will lead 22nd-ranked Maryland against Northern Illinois on Saturday.
Summitt Defends Team Pat Summitt defends the decision to place forward Chamique Holdsclaw on the injured list even though she was fit enough to practice.
Redskins' Value Exceeds \$1 Billion The Washington Redskins once again were ranked as the most valuable team in the NFL, surpassing \$1 billion, the first American sports franchise to do so.
Millen Guides Lions Matt Millen has survived a number of missteps since becoming president of the Lions in January 2001 and now believes the franchise is heading in the right direction.
Nelsen Back With Team All-Star defender Ryan Nelsen is expected to return to the lineup Saturday against Chicago after sitting out six MLS matches and a U.S. Open Cup game with injury.
US Consulate attacked JIDDA, Saudi Arabia -- Lobbing grenades, militants invaded Jidda's heavily guarded US Consulate yesterday, attacking staffers and others in the compound until Saudi security forces stormed in. Nine people, none American, were killed in the attack, which was claimed by Al Qaeda and showed how vulnerable Saudi Arabia remains to Islamic extremist violence.
Trauma in the Caucasus To anyone who remembers the way that past sieges ended in the Caucasus, the chaotic scenes in Beslan were horribly familiar. The storming of the school was not planned.
 #39;Soul of Germany #39; is devastated by blaze Hundreds of thousands of priceless antique books were feared destroyed or badly damaged yesterday by a fire that swept through a 16th century German palace.
Microsoft Steps Into  Ring The launch of the Microsoft digital-music store takes direct aim at Apple Computer's dominant iTunes service, setting off a battle of the bands between the online music sellers and their rock-star frontmen -- Bill Gates and Steve Jobs. &lt;BR&gt;&lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
FCC Plans Record Fine Against CBS The FCC is set to vote unanimously for a record-setting fine against CBS-owned stations for violating broadcast decency standards with the network's January breast-baring Super Bowl halftime show, though some commissioners are expected to say the fines are not severe enough, FCC sources said. &lt;BR&gt;&lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Tech jobs added in August Computer systems design and computer manufacturing jobs grow, as does optimism among IT workers.
Briefly: IDC says external disk storage up roundup Plus: Lawmakers to vote on spyware, piracy bills...Microsoft tests Windows Marketplace...Nortel delays financials again...Microsoft updates SharePoint.
IDC: External disk storage up Worldwide sales hit a new multibillion high; EMC passes Hewlett-Packard for first place.
Braves 7, Expos 1 Paul Byrd pitched eight strong innings and Eli Marrero homered to help the Atlanta Braves extend their winning streak to four games with a 7-1 victory over the Montreal Expos on Friday night.
Editorial: Striking at terrorism The ultimate blame for the tragedy that exploded in Russia on Friday rests squarely on the shoulders of terrorists who deliberately place children in harm #39;s way to make a political point.
News: Plea deal in 'war spamming' prosecution Los Angeles man allegedly used unsecured wi-fi networks to send thousands of messages promoting porn sites.\
Ukraine lawmakers agree to amend laws KIEV -- Ukraine's political rivals agreed early today on legislation to ensure a fair vote during the rerun later this month of the presidential runoff but remained divided on constitutional amendments trimming presidential powers.
Streaky Orioles Stop Yankees 3-1 (AP) AP - Rodrigo Lopez shut down the Yankees into the eighth inning, outpitching Kevin Brown and leading the Baltimore Orioles to a 3-1 victory Friday night that cut New York's AL East lead over Boston to 2 1/2 games.
Microsoft Steps Into The Ring (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - The launch of the Microsoft digital-music store takes direct aim at Apple Computer's dominant iTunes service, setting off a battle of the bands between the online music sellers and their rock-star frontmen -- Bill Gates and Steve Jobs.
Athletics Hold Off Blue Jays 7-4 (AP) AP - Bobby Kielty hit a go-ahead homer off Ted Lilly  #151; the pitcher he was traded for  #151; and Nick Swisher doubled and walked twice in his major league debut to lead the Oakland Athletics past the Toronto Blue Jays 7-4 on Friday night.
Blake on Target as Americans Bounce Back in World Cup  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Jason Blake scored the winning goal in  the first period as the United States won their first game at  the World Cup of Hockey with a 3-1 victory over Slovakia in St  Paul, Minnesota on Friday.
Haft Married Companion 2 Weeks Before He Died Two weeks before he died, discount retailer Herbert H. Haft quietly married his longtime companion in a hospital ceremony that provided yet another twist in a bitter and very public family feud.
Interim Chief at Enron Asks for \$25 Million Enron Corp.'s interim chief executive has asked a federal bankruptcy judge to award his firm a \$25 million "success fee" for stabilizing the fallen  energy giant.
Stocks Fall, Led by Tech Sector Technology stocks sold off on Friday after computer chipmaker Intel cut its revenue forecast, spooking investors already nervous about the strength of consumer and business spending.
Lopez Overpowers Yanks Rodrigo Lopez outduels Kevin Brown and leads the Baltimore Orioles to a 3-1 victory Friday night over the New York Yankees.
Serena Reaches Fourth Round of U.S. Open NEW YORK - Hardly at her best, barely beating one of the tour's pesky teens, Serena Williams suddenly found herself face-down at the U.S. Open...
EU seeks revamp budget pact The European Commission on Friday suggested ways of revamping the EU #39;s Stability and Growth Pact and said the proposed changes would restore the credibility of its much-flouted budget discipline rules.
US jobless rate falls to a modest 5.4 per cent low WASHINGTON: The US job market brightened modestly in August as employers added 144,000 workers to payrolls and weak job tallies for the two prior months were revised up, the Labour Department said yesterday.
International Space Station Status Report: SS04-029 Smoothly and ahead of schedule, Expedition 9 Commander Gennady Padalka and Flight Engineer Mike Fincke completed the fourth and final spacewalk of their six-month mission today.
3 days to tell if quake predictor right The day of reckoning is coming. For someone. By Labor Day, either Southern California will have suffered a magnitude-6.4 earthquake or at least one UCLA geophysicist will be eating some serious crow.
Who was the first to walk upright? WASHINGTON - A chimp-sized human ancestor walked upright 6 million years ago, far earlier than anyone had been able to show before, researchers report.
Magic number drops to 22 with rout in Montreal Paul Byrd mesmerized the Expos on Friday night, as he and the Braves opened a three-game series at Olympic Stadium with a 7-1 win.
Bail posted by Thatcher son JOHANNESBURG: Mark Thatcher paid two million rand (BD113,400) in bail yesterday to end a nine-day house arrest imposed after he was charged with bankrolling a coup plot in Equatorial Guinea, his lawyer said.
India raps backing for rebels NEW DELHI: Pakistan is continuing to send militants into Kashmir to support an insurgency there, but at lower levels than in the past, Indian intelligence sources and military officials said yesterday.
\$35m Libyan payout for blast victims TRIPOLI: Libya signed a deal yesterday to pay \$35 million (BD13m) in compensation to mainly German victims of a Berlin nightclub bombing 18 years ago.
Jets Rally to Defeat Eagles 28-27 (AP) AP - The New York Jets enjoyed the preseason right through the final seconds.
Free of Pain, Haas Renews His Climb In Ranking Tommy Haas wants his name to generate some buzz again, and he took a step in that direction Friday with a second-round victory over Sbastien Grosjean at the U.S. Open.
Back Tax Bill Against Yukos Is Increased The revised bill raises by \$700 million the Russian government's previous \$3.4 billion estimate of back taxes for 2001.
Ghana votes in presidential poll Presidential elections are taking place in Ghana, which boasts political stability but much poverty.
A Record Increase of 17 Percent Is Set for Premiums in Medicare The announcement of the record increase came a day after President Bush heralded his efforts to help the elderly with medical expenses.
Iraqi Group to Decide Journalists' Fate 'Soon' An Islamic militant group that claimed to have kidnapped two French journalists said it would soon decide their fate and an Iraqi negotiator called the chance for their release "excellent."
Interim Chief At Enron Asks for \$25 Million Enron Corp. #39;s interim chief executive has asked a federal bankruptcy judge to award his firm a \$25 million  quot;success fee quot; for stabilizing the fallen Houston energy giant.
IBM Issues Recall Of 553,000 Notebook AC Adapters IBM is recalling more than 500,000 AC adapters made for their ThinkPad notebooks between January 1999 and August 2000. These adapters may overheat, resulting in melting, posing a fire and electrocution hazard.
Citing Threats, Entrepreneur Wants to Quit Caller ID Venture t may be known as caller ID spoofing, but it is evidently no laughing matter. Three days after the start-up company Star38 began offering a service that fools caller ID systems, the founder, Jason Jepson, has decided to sell the business.
Expos drop opener to Braves Right-hander Paul Byrd pitched eight solid innings and helped the Braves defeat the Expos, 7-1, in front of 8,617 fans on Friday night.
Redskins 27, Falcons 0 Mark Brunell opened the game with a touchdown drive and was done for the night. Michael Vick opened with an interception and never did produce a play for positive yardage.
White Sox Stop Mariners 7-5 (AP) AP - Juan Uribe homered and Roberto Alomar had a two-run double Friday night to lead the Chicago White Sox over the Seattle Mariners 7-5.
Former NHL Defenseman Paul Shmyr Dies (AP) AP - Paul Shmyr, the former NHL and WHA defenseman who captained the Edmonton Oilers in Wayne Gretzky's first season with the team, has died after a battle with throat cancer. He was 58.
Browns Bop Bears 24-10 in Preseason (AP) AP - Jeff Garcia didn't play nearly enough to work out the kinks in Cleveland's offense. By the looks of things, 60 minutes wouldn't have sufficed.
Israeli Missiles Hit Palestinian Workshop in Gaza (Reuters) Reuters - Israeli helicopters fired missiles at a\metal foundry in Gaza on Friday, one day after Israel raided\two Gaza camps in response to Palestinian suicide bombings in\Israel this week.
China Criticizes Chen for Remark on Taiwan's Name (Reuters) Reuters - Recent comments by President Chen\Shui-bian on the sensitive issue of Taiwan's name revealed his\intention to steer the island toward independence, a Chinese\government spokesman said.
Mathew Ingram one good (or at least pretty good) and one bad. In a way, that sort of bipolar news is typical of the roller-coaster ride the major stock markets have been on for the past few months.
Firm Requests  #39;Success Fee #39; in Enron Case The firm led by the acting chief executive of Enron asked a bankruptcy judge for a \$25 million  quot;success fee quot; for its efforts in shepherding the company through nearly three years under Chapter 11 bankruptcy, a court filing shows.
Profit for Liquor Maker llied Domecq PLC, the big liquor maker, said yesterday that it expected to report increased profit for its fiscal year as a result of growth in Britain and the United States.
SI.com ST. LOUIS (Ticker) -- Matt Morris tossed his second shutout of the season and Reggie Sanders homered and drove in two runs as the St.
RELATED COLUMNISTS NEWS Yesterday #39;s first round of the \$5 million Deutsche Bank Championship was all the evidence anyone could possibly need to keep this tournament right where it is, at TPC of Boston.
Colts exhibit strong offense, defense in loss Tony Dungy was looking for reassurance from the Indianapolis Colts #39; offense. He got it in short order. Quarterback Peyton Manning made the most of a brief appearance, hitting 
Japan jittery on news of S. Korean uranium test The government doesn #39;t believe Seoul intended to be a nuclear power. Others are not so sure. Government officials expressed concern that revelations of a uranium-enrichment experiment in South Korea could 
Recently freed Anwar heads to Germany for surgery A day after being freed from prison in a dramatic court ruling, former deputy prime minister Anwar Ibrahim obtained a passport yesterday to travel to Germany for specialized back surgery and tested the waters for a comeback in Malaysian politics.
UN blames Sudan for continuing attacks The UN envoy to Sudan urged the government to accept an international monitoring force with more than 3,000 troops to help prevent escalating militia attacks in the violence-wracked Darfur region.
Car bomb kills 1, injures 2 Afghanistan KABUL - A jeep packed with explosives detonated at a roadside in the southern city of Kandahar today, killing one person and seriously injuring two others in a passing taxi, police said.
Boyfriend of Olympic Wrestler Killed in Crash The boyfriend of Olympic wrestling silver medalist Sara McMann was killed Friday when the Jeep the couple was in rolled off the shoulder of Interstate 76 in northeastern Colorado, the Colorado State Patrol said.
Rooney prepared to wait for United glory Wayne Rooney believes he may have to wait until next season to celebrate Premiership title glory with Manchester United. The 18-year-old England striker, who moved to Old Trafford for 27 million pounds from 
Dolphins 20, Saints 19 Jay Fiedler threw for one touchdown, Sage Rosenfels threw for another and the Miami Dolphins got a victory in a game they did not want to play, beating the New Orleans Saints 20-19 Friday night.
Quebec accountant convicted of defrauding nuns gets house arrest (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - QUEBEC (CP) - A 68-year-old accountant convicted of taking part in a scheme to defraud Roman Catholic nuns of  #36;100 million was sentenced Friday to two years' house arrest.
AL Wrap: Martinez Pitches Red Sox to 10th Straight Victory (Reuters) Reuters - Pedro Martinez pitched seven shutout\innings to lead the streaking Boston Red Sox to their 10th\straight victory, a 2-0 win over the Texas Rangers in American\League play at Fenway Park on Friday.
AL Wrap: Martinez Pitches Red Sox to 10th Straight Victory  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Pedro Martinez pitched seven shutout  innings to lead the streaking Boston Red Sox to their 10th  straight victory, a 2-0 win over the Texas Rangers in American  League play at Fenway Park on Friday.
AT T Wireless Moves to Sell Canada Asset AT T Wireless reached an agreement with Rogers Communications to help sell AT T Wireless's 34 percent stake in Rogers Wireless Communications Inc.
Hutchison Plans Offering of Phone Unit utchison Whampoa Ltd., the Hong Kong conglomerate controlled by the billionaire Li Ka-shing, filed with regulators in the United States yesterday to raise as much as \$2 billion in an initial 
Russian, US astronauts leave space station on maintenance mission MOSCOW - The Russian-US crew of the International Space Station (ISS) went on a five-hour space walk overnight to carry out maintenance work, Russian space officials said Saturday, quoted by ITAR-TASS news agency.
Rooney shirts go to war children Everton shirts sporting the name of Wayne Rooney could soon be seen on the streets of Liberia. The club decided to give the kit away after the 18-year-old England striker #39;s transfer to Manchester United.
Major League Baseball News Johan Santana continued his dominating season, pitching six no-hit innings en route to a 2-0 victory over the Kansas City Royals on Friday.
Nokia Falters, and the Finns Take Stock After the runaway success of Nokia in the late 1990's, Finland seems to be pondering whether it has lost its competitive inventive edge.
Palmer Leads Bengals Past Colts 16-13 (AP) AP - Carson Palmer made a rookie mistake: He pointed to the sky too soon. Other than a premature touchdown celebration on a goal-line fumble, Palmer looked like an up-and-coming quarterback Friday night during the Cincinnati Bengals' 16-13 victory over the Indianapolis Colts.
In Frustration, Brown Breaks His Hand in Loss Yankees pitcher Kevin Brown channeled every bit of his anger into one hard punch into the clubhouse wall during the Yankees' loss on Friday at Yankee Stadium.
Serena Williams, Fashion Queen, Rules the Court Getting Serena Williamss attention with two early service breaks, Tatiana Golovin jumped ahead in the first set before Williams rallied to win at the U.S. Open.
Rooney shirts go to war children Everton shirts sporting the name of Wayne Rooney could soon be seen on the streets of Liberia, West Africa.
Apple takes minimalism step further in chic iMac Apple took its trademark minimalism a step further on Tuesday as it launched the latest computer in the iMac family that helped restore the companys fortunes: a sleek flat-panel monitor with processor and drives built in.
Space station crew completes EVA The two-man crew of the international space station went outside again for more repair work. Gennady Padalka and Mike Fincke spent five and a-half hours plugging in new antennas 
EMC nabs former IBM grid guru for CTO position EMC has hired the former chief architect of IBM #39;s grid computing initiative as senior vice president and chief technology officer for the Hopkinton, Mass.
Morris dominates Dodgers Showing velocity, command and poise reminiscent of his 22-win 2001 season, Matt Morris dominated the Dodgers on Friday night on the way to a 3-0 Cardinals win at Busch Stadium.
Yankees Pitcher Breaks Hand Punching Wall NEW YORK Sept. 3, 2004 - Kevin Brown #39;s frustrating season finally reached a boiling point, and now his hot temper could cost the New York Yankees at the most important time.
Clive Woodward saw loss of control after World Cup Clive Woodward launched a stinging attack on English rugby union on Friday saying he was  quot;losing control quot; the moment he stepped off the plane after winning the 2003 World Cup.
Final Score: Tennessee 27, Green Bay 7 Nashville, TN (Sports Network) - Chris Brown rushed for 98 yards on eight carries, leading the Tennessee Titans to a 27-7 romp over the Green Bay Packers in the preseason finale for both teams at the Coliseum.
Chen says Taiwan #39; is best name President Chen Shui-bian () on Thursday said the best abbreviated title for the country is Taiwan.  quot;A country #39;s abbreviated title is an important, serious matter, quot; said Chen, who 
Putin visits site of school hostage crisis (AFP) AFP - Russian President Vladimir Putin made a pre-dawn visit to pay his respects to the 250 dead and hundreds of wounded from a horrific battle between security forces and heavily-armed militants holding 1,000 hostages at a school.
Ukraine Still in Turmoil Despite Concessions  KIEV (Reuters) - Ukraine's outgoing leader made key  concessions Tuesday to opponents staging mass protests against  a rigged presidential poll, but failed to agree exactly how to  end the ex-Soviet state's political turmoil.
Red Sox Still Rolling Pedro Martinez pulls Boston within 2 1/2 games of the New York Yankees in the AL East after shutting out Texas 2-0 Friday night.
Landmark Victory Roger Clemens gets his 325th win to pass Nolan Ryan and Don Sutton and move into sole possession of 12th place on the career list as the Astros top the Pirates 8-6.
Fever Beats Lynx Fever center Kelly Schumacher scores 13 points on 7-of-8 shooting and grabs nine rebounds to help Indiana defeat Minnesota 69-61.
Payrolls Resumed Growth In August US job growth revived and the unemployment rate fell last month, the government reported yesterday, providing fresh ammunition for both presidential candidates as they debate 
Yukos handed \$4.2-bn tax bill MOSCOW: Tax authorities in Russia have handed Yukos, Russia #39;s largest oil producer, a \$4.2-billion tax bill for 2001, higher than the \$3.
Continental to Skip Pension Payment Continental Airlines Inc., the fifth-largest US carrier, said it will skip contributions to employee pension plans this year, taking advantage of a law enacted in April to conserve cash.
Spoon #39;s summer drought JD WETHERSPOON embarked on a fresh round of price promotions yesterday to win back drinkers after a dismal summer for the pubs chain.
Genesis space capsule to return with secrets of solar system In a harrowing feat high over the Utah desert, two helicopter stunt pilots will try to snatch a floating space capsule that holds  quot;a piece of the sun quot; and bring it safely down.
Moving Beyond Naming Names The drama of Kobe Bryant and the woman who accused him of rape in a little Colorado mountain town 14 months ago has moved to new terrain.
Pedro drives stake into heart of Texas: Ace carries Red Sox to &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The arrival of rented yellow trucks in the city and packed minivans heading north over the Sagamore Bridge are a sure sign that Labor Day weekend has arrived in New England.
GAME DAY RECAP Friday, September 03 Troy Glaus gave the Anaheim Angels just what they needed to help break a three-game losing streak. Glaus homered for the first time since May 11, and Garret Anderson and Bengie Molina also 
US finally thaws out: Shakeup nets 3-1 win vs. Slovakia Sometimes, change for change #39;s sake can be a good thing. Team USA proved that last night. After inserting five fresh sets of legs into the lineup because of extremely poor 
US: Sudan attacks racially based While not directly calling the crisis in Darfur a genocide, the US State Department has said that interviews with Sudanese refugees indicated attacks against the regions #39; black Africans appeared to be racially motivated.
Australian defence chief takes home tips from Indian Army AUSTRALIAN CHIEF of Defence Forces Gen Peter Cosgrove took home some tips of the Indian Armys skills in guarding the Line of Control that divides the Indian and Pakistani parts of Jammu and Kashmir and fighting terrorism against heavy odds.
Ministers performance to be viewed after every quarter: Aziz ISLAMABAD: Prime Minister Shaukat Aziz said that the performance of every cabinet member will be viewed after every three months. He was addressing the first informal meeting of the 32-member federal cabinet 
Keller Plays for U.S. but Not for Club (AP) AP - Kasey Keller plays only in World Cup qualifiers these days. After starting nearly every game for Tottenham Hotspur for two years, he hasn't appeared once this season. Yet, he's been in goal for all three World Cup qualifiers for the United States, which plays El Salvador on Saturday at Foxboro, Mass., then goes to Panama for a Wednesday game in a pair of semifinal-round matchups.
NL Wrap: Morris Shuts Out Dodgers as Cards Keep Winning  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Matt Morris pitched a two-hit shutout,  striking out a season-high 11, as the St Louis Cardinals  blanked the Los Angeles Dodgers 3-0 in a showdown between two  division leaders at Busch Stadium on Friday.
Bush Vaults From RNC to Campaign Trail (AP) AP - Fired up after his convention, President Bush raced through three states he lost in 2000, on a drive Friday to spur his backers to the polls in November. "It's a time for choosing," Bush said.
Kerry's Running Mate Earns  #36;39 Million Over Decade (Reuters) Reuters - Democratic vice presidential\candidate John Edwards had income of nearly  #36;39 million over\the past decade, and paid more than a third of his earnings in\taxes, the Washington Post reported on Saturday.
Russia Seals Off Siege School Region  BESLAN, Russia (Reuters) - Russian President Vladimir Putin  ordered security forces to seal off a southern region amid  fears some Chechen hostage-takers may have escaped the storming  of a siege school which killed at least 250 people.
MARKET WEEK All Eyes on Greenspan and the Jobs Data Mr. Greenspan, chairman of the Federal Reserve, is scheduled to testify before the House Budget Committee on Wednesday on two sensitive topics: the economy and the federal budget deficit.
No Delay in Freddie Pay Order A federal judge refused to delay an order that Freddie Mac release more than \$50 million to former chief executive Leland C. Brendsel.
SOLBERG STORMS CLEAR OF RIVALS Subaru #39;s Petter Solberg has extended his lead in the Rally Japan to 46.4 seconds after dominating the action on the second morning.
UNITED STATES 3, SLOVAKIA 1 With Hull Out of the Lineup, the US &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Brett Hull may be the most accomplished and best-known American player in National Hockey League history, but he was not in the lineup Friday night when the United States 
Overseas players bolster US team With back-to-back World Cup qualifying games on the line, US team coach Bruce Arena has called in his heavy hitters from overseas.
Cricket-Vaughan upbeat about one-day form LONDON (AFP) - England captain Michael Vaughan maintained his latest one-day batting failure was not preying on his mind and insisted he was just an innings away from finding his form.
Annan welcomes court decision freeing Anwar NEW YORK : UN Secretary-General Kofi Annan on Friday welcomed a Malaysian court decision releasing ex-deputy prime minister Anwar Ibrahim from prison, and expressed the hope that his health would recover soon.
Khokhar in Delhi for new round of dialogue NEW DELHI, Sept 3: Foreign Secretary Riaz Khokhar arrived here on Friday to set the stage for the first formal talks on the Kashmir dispute between the foreign ministers of India and Pakistan.
Katmandu under curfew for 3rd day A shoot-on-sight curfew imposed to prevent riots and violent protests over the killing of 12 Nepalese workers in Iraq entered its third day yesterday, while officials said they were trying to recover the bodies of the slain hostages.
President touts  #39;Taiwan #39; as best national name President Chen Shui-bian () stated Thursday that  quot;Taiwan quot; is the most precise abbreviated designation for the this island country during a one-day state visit to the Central American nation of Belize.
Welcome to the Broadband World (Ziff Davis) Ziff Davis - This is a great time to have broadband. Also: Dual-connect mobile phones, life beyond iPod, multiple music sources, and cheap backup. #149;Welcome to the Broadband World\ #149;Wi-Fi Phones: A Natural Duo\ #149;More Choices in Music Players...\ #149;...And in Music Services\ #149;Time to Back Up
Padres Rally to Beat Rockies 7-6 (AP) AP - Phil Nevin hit a three-run homer with two outs in the seventh inning, and the Padres rallied from a five-run deficit to beat the Colorado Rockies 7-6 Friday night.
Israeli Soldier, Militant Killed in Gaza  GAZA (Reuters) - Palestinian militants killed an Israeli  soldier and wounded four others in an ambush in the central  Gaza Strip on Tuesday, Israeli and Palestinian sources said.
New Group to Launch Anti-Kerry Ads (AP) AP - Move over, MoveOn.org. The liberal-leaning group that has raised millions of dollars to run negative ads attacking President Bush now has a competitor on the right with a somewhat similar name.
Hidden Java Features \\Really cool blog post about hidden Java features.  These are little tricks that\you forget about from time to time but that make life more pleasant.\\This is a good one:\\"Instance initializers -- I've been exploiting these lately to abbreviate list\initialization (in unit tests only):\&gt;\List triple = new ArrayList(3) \&gt;\   add("a"); add("b"); add("c"); \&gt;\;"\\I've been using static code blocks but this looks like it might be a better\trick.\\Example:\\"public static List = new ArrayList();\&gt;\static \    list.add( "foo" );\"\\Also this final Closure  hack seems pretty cool:\\
NL Wrap: Morris Shuts Out Dodgers as Cards Keep Winning Matt Morris pitched a two-hit shutout, striking out a season-high 11, as the St Louis Cardinals blanked the Los Angeles Dodgers 3-0 in a showdown between two division leaders at Busch Stadium on Friday.
China Criticizes Chen for Remark on Taiwan #39;s Name Recent comments by President Chen Shui-bian on the sensitive issue of Taiwan #39;s name revealed his intention to steer the island toward independence, a Chinese government spokesman said.
Italian Finance Minister Tackles Budget (AP) AP - While most of Italy decamped to the beaches and the mountains for their summer break, one man remained holed up crunching numbers in his office in Rome. The task facing Domenico Siniscalco, Italy's new finance minister, is daunting. He will try to win support for an immense round of budget cuts  #151; totaling at least  #36;29 billion for 2005  #151; to contain Italy's ballooning deficit and cut back its mountainous debt.
Russia School Standoff Ends With 250 Dead BESLAN, Russia - The three-day hostage siege at a school in southern Russia ended in chaos and bloodshed Friday, after witnesses said Chechen militants set off bombs and Russian commandos stormed the building. Hostages fled in terror, many of them children who were half-naked and covered in blood...
Report: More than 200 dead after troops storm school The operation to end the school hostage crisis in Russia is over but more than 200 people have died after troops stormed the building.
10 years jail for hotel bombing AN Indonesian court has sentenced a Muslim militant to 10 years in jail after finding him guilty of involvement in last year #39;s JW Marriott hotel bombing in Jakarta.
Wetherspoon ends run of profit rises JD Wetherspoon, the pubs chain renowned for converting banks into boozers throughout the 90s, has posted its first profit decline since it floated 12 years ago, and warned that 2005 will be another  quot;difficult year quot;.
Sports in Brief  Two track world records set Pole vaulter Yelena Isinbayeva of Russia and steeplechaser Saif Saaeed Shaheen of Qatar set world records at the Van Damme Memorial meet yesterday in Brussels, Belgium.
Indonesian travel warning renewed Australians have been reminded of the dangers of travelling to Indonesia after US authorities warned their citizens to avoid western hotels because of the risk of terrorist attacks.
Bonds Hits Homer 697, Giants Beat D'backs (AP) AP - Barry Bonds hit his 697th homer and drove in three runs, and Edgardo Alfonzo had five hits in the San Francisco Giants' 18-7 victory over the Arizona Diamondbacks on Friday night.
Employees Sentenced Over Gas Leak in China (AP) AP - Six gas company employees were sentenced to prison from three to six years Saturday over a gas well leak that killed 243 people in southwestern China, one of the country's worst-ever industrial accidents.
Business Briefs Pfizer said it has agreed to pay \$430 million to settle all lawsuits against it alleging injury from insulation products made by a subsidiary.
Service that fools Caller ID causes anger It may be known as Caller ID spoofing, but it is evidently no laughing matter. Three days after the startup company Star38 began offering a service that fools Caller ID systems, the founder, Jason Jepson, has decided to sell the business.
US, El Salvador meet The next five days present the US men #39;s soccer team a pair of chances to reinforce why it is considered the region #39;s top squad.
Red Sox close within 2 games of Yankees with 10th straight win In just 19 days, the Boston Red Sox have cut the New York Yankees #39; 101/2-game AL East lead to 21/2 games.  quot;We #39;re just going to take care of what we can take care of, quot; Boston reliever Mike Timlin said after 
Malaysian Vows to Push Reforms KUALA LUMPUR, Malaysia, Sept. 3 -- Former Deputy Prime Minister Anwar Ibrahim vowed to push for democratic reforms in Malaysia, including freer news media, fair elections and an independent judiciary, as he 
India, Pakistan in Talks to Nudge Peace Process India and Pakistan start talks on Saturday looking for ways to nudge forward a peace process that appears to be running into problems over their half-century dispute over the Kashmir region.
Red Sox Close Within 2 1/2 Games of Yankees (AP) AP - In just 19 days, the Boston Red Sox have cut the New York Yankees' 10 1/2-game AL East lead to 2 1/2 games. "We're just going to take care of what we can take care of," Boston reliever Mike Timlin said after the Red Sox beat Texas 2-0 on Friday night for their 10th straight victory. "We won today. We're going to win tomorrow."
Woods, Palmer Share Lead at Deutsche Bank (AP) AP - Palmer and Woods. How's that for a leaderboard? Too bad it's tour rookie Ryan Palmer  #151; not Arnold  #151; sharing the lead with Tiger Woods after one round in the Deutsche Bank Championship. The two shot 6-under 65s Friday on the TPC of Boston to take a one-stroke lead over Mark O'Meara and two others.
N.Korea Urges UN, Red Cross to Stop Refugee Exodus  SEOUL (Reuters) - North Korea has urged the U.N. refugee  agency and the Red Cross to help stop the exodus of its  citizens to South Korea after the secret airlift of some 460  North Koreans to Seoul in July, a North Korean newspaper said.
Yankees' Brown Breaks Hand Punching Wall (AP) AP - Kevin Brown might have punched himself out of the pennant race, and the New York Yankees are angry about it. Brown broke his non-pitching hand when he punched a wall in the clubhouse Friday night during New York's 3-1 loss to the Baltimore Orioles.
Honda Enhances Speech-Recognition System (AP) AP - Honda Motor Co., with help from partner IBM Corp., is preparing to introduce an improved speech-recognition system that will allow drivers to get voice navigation guidance without having to manually punch in any information or take their eyes off the road to read a computer screen.
Update 3: EU Unveils Changes for Budget Rules With half the European Union countries exceeding public deficit limits this year, the EU #39;s head office bowed to reality Friday and proposed to be more flexible in how it enforces the budget rules underpinning the euro.
AP: India Exploring Free Trade Deals India wants to explore possible free trade agreements with Japan, China and the United States, as negotiations on such deals with Southeast Asian countries progress, the commerce minister says.
World voices shock World leaders expressed horror yesterday over the bloody climax of Russia #39;s hostage crisis yesterday, saying the barbaric attack on school children showed terrorists have sunk to new lows.
US Defies WTO Ruling On Duties The United States says it will continue to slap duties on countries it claims dump their goods on the US market, despite a World Trade Organisation ruling Tuesday that authorises seven nations and the European Union (EU) to impose sanctions against 
Time for Black to resign his peerage To the roll call of corporate scandals in recent years - a list of greed and shame that includes Enron, WorldCom, Tyco and others -he name of newspaper group Hollinger International may soon be added.
US Economy Adds 144,000 Jobs in August WASHINGTON Sept. 3, 2004 - America #39;s payrolls picked up in August, with the economy adding 144,000 jobs, slightly less than economists were forecasting and highlighting the slow and uneven recovery in the labor market that jobseekers have braved.
News, Reviews, and Help for the MPX200, iPAQ h6315, and SmartPhone &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Global mobile phone sales grew by 35 in the second quarter of 2004 compared with the same period last year, according to market monitors Gartner.
Apple Expo - Attendees Mixed if iMac G5 is The Complete Solution PARIS, FRANCE - Attendees at Apple Expo in Paris are impressed at the look of the new iMac G5, but mixed on whether it #39;s the right solution for their needs.
Inspiron owners complain of SP2 slowdown Owners of Dell Inspiron notebooks have reported that Microsoft #39;s Windows Service Pack 2 is cutting their system speeds dramatically -- in some cases by a factor of almost ten, from 2.6GHz to 300MHz.
SP2 vs. the plug-ins While security experts applaud Microsoft #39;s recently released Service Pack 2, some companies that distribute their software over the Web are watching the product #39;s introduction with dread and suspicion.
Space telescope spots new supernova The latest image from NASA #39;s Hubble Space Telescope highlights a stellar blast that was first discovered by an amateur astronomer a little more than a month ago.
Non-Olympian Shaheen sets a world record Saif Saaeed Shaheen of Qatar set a world record in the steeplechase at the Van Damme Memorial meet on Friday. The Kenyan-born runner, kept out of the Athens Olympics by the Kenyan 
High noon decision for Gerrard Sven-Goran Eriksson will delay any decision about Steven Gerrard #39;s involvement in tomorrow night #39;s World Cup qualifier against Austria until a few hours before the match.
Bonds hits No. 697, Giants rout Diamondbacks Barry Bonds is three home runs away from joining Hank Aaron and Babe Ruth in baseball #39;s 700 club. Bonds hit his 697th homer in the San Francisco Giants #39; 18-7 home victory over Arizona on Friday night, a two 
Wilkinson Backs Woodward to Succeed World Cup-winning fly-half Jonny Wilkinson has no doubt former England coach Sir Clive Woodward will succeed in pursuing a new challenge in football.
Yankees: Giambi mum on Pituitary tumor report Jason Giambi declined comment on a report in yesterday #39;s New York Daily News that indicated the Yankees first baseman has been receiving treatment for a benign tumor on his pituitary gland.
Russian massacre Commandos stormed a school yesterday in southern Russia and battled separatist rebels holding hundreds of hostages, as crying children, some naked and covered in blood, fled through explosions and gunfire.
German literary treasures lost in fire Up to 30,000 irreplaceable books were destroyed in a fire Thursday night at one of Germany #39;s most historic libraries, although thousands more were spirited to safety by a chain of people.
Iranian hard-liners praise Palestinian bombers About 50 hard-line Iranians on Thursday placed a gravestone at a Tehran cemetery to commemorate the deaths of two Palestinians who carried out twin suicide bombings that killed 16 Israelis this week, witnesses said.
Saudi Militant Killed in Clash Saudi security forces have killed a wanted militant near the scene of a deadly shootout Thursday. Officials say the militant was killed in a gunbattle Friday in the northern town of Buraida, hours after one 
Musharraf and Aziz finalise strategy for New Delhi talks Ahead of the crucial talks between the Foreign Ministers of India and Pakistan, President Pervez Musharraf and new Prime Minister Shaukat Aziz on Friday jointly finalised the strategy to be adopted at the New Delhi talks, emphasising that progress on all 
Nepal relaxes unrest curfew Nepal has eased a curfew imposed on the capital to contain widespread rioting sparked by the slaying of 12 Nepalese captives in Iraq.
August shows a pickup in hiring US job growth revived last month, the government reported yesterday, as employers added 144,000 jobs to their nonfarm payrolls in August, seasonally adjusted -arely enough 
ASEAN ministers to talk free trade Southeast Asian economic ministers meet this weekend with counterparts from regional powerhouses China, Japan and South Korea in an effort to liberalize trade and boost business.
EU, Japan win WTO approval to impose duties on US The European Union, Japan, Brazil and five other countries won World Trade Organization approval to impose tariffs worth more than \$150 million a year on imports from the United 
Court denies Tribune media-merger request A federal appeals court on Friday denied a request from Tribune Co., publisher of the Chicago Tribune, to allow mergers between newspapers and broadcast stations in markets with at least nine television stations.
Nation/world briefs NEW YORK - The US service sector accelerated its hiring in August, but its growth rate slowed markedly compared with July, according to a report released Friday.
When parents are too hands-on The most common back-to-school message from educators and parenting experts is: Get involved with your children, their school, their activities.
Vaughan lauds mighty Flintoff Michael Vaughan refused to let his own dismal run with the bat take the sheen off England #39;s emphatic victories in the NatWest Challenge against India.
Tennis: Roddick sinks Nadal Defending champion Andy Roddick eases into the third round of the US Open in straight sets.  
Karzai sworn in as Afghan president (AFP) AFP - Hamid Karzai was sworn in as Afghanistan's first democratically elected president at a ceremony in the capital Kabul, witnesses said.
Frances Poised to Slog Ashore in Florida STUART, Fla. - Hurricane Frances lost some steam and hesitated off the Florida coast Friday, prolonging the anxiety among the millions evacuated and raising fears of a slow, ruinous drenching over the Labor Day weekend...
Clinton a Little Scared of Bypass Surgery NEW YORK - Bill Clinton said he was "a little scared, but not much" of undergoing heart bypass surgery, but was looking forward to a swift recovery and resuming normal activities such as jogging.    The former president was hospitalized Friday with chest pains and shortness of breath...
Bonds Hits No. 697, Giants Rout D'backs (AP) AP - Barry Bonds is three home runs away from joining Hank Aaron and Babe Ruth in baseball's 700 club. Bonds hit his 697th homer in the San Francisco Giants' 18-7 home victory over Arizona on Friday night, a two-run shot off Edgardo Gonzalez (0-8) in the second inning.
IDC: External disk storage up Worldwide sales of external disk storage systems hit \$3.5 billion in the second quarter, up 8 percent from the same period a year ago, according to research firm IDC.
World horrified at bloody end to Russian hostage crisis (AFP) AFP - World leaders expressed horror at the bloody end to the Russian hostage crisis, calling it a tragedy which resulted from a  quot;nauseating quot; and  quot;barbaric quot; terrorist attack.
Hestrie out of Golden contention For Hestrie Cloete, the season is all but over, as South Africa #39;s high jump world champion failed to continue her winning streak in the Golden League on Friday night in Brussels.
BASEBALL: RED-HOT SOX CLIP THE ANGELS #39; WINGS BOSTON RED SOX fans are enjoying their best week of the season. While their beloved team swept wild-card rivals Anaheim in a three-game series to establish a nine-game winning streak, the hated New York Yankees endured the heaviest loss in their history.
Lucky escape for Schuey MILAN: Michael Schumacher escaped unhurt after a heavy crash in testing at Monza on Thursday, days after the Ferrari driver won an unprecedented seventh Formula One title.
Stunned rookie lands pole FONTANA ---- Brian Vickers #39; qualifying lap for Sunday #39;s Nextel Cup Pop Secret 500 felt almost too good to the rookie.  quot;When you cross the line after a lap like that and everything feels awesome, you #39;re waiting 
Tiger in unfamiliar spot NORTON -- The most famous last name in golf history is locked in a tie for first place with the most recognized figure in the game after the first round of the second annual Deutsche Bank Championship.
South Korea to explain uranium experiments at IAEA meetings this month (AFP) AFP - South Korean officials will meet with the UN nuclear watchdog this month to explain about controversial uranium enrichment tests conducted four years ago, Foreign Minister Ban Ki-Moon said.
G Log Readies Launch Of Logistics Software Upgrade (TechWeb) TechWeb - Global Logistics Technologies Inc. plans to launch next week an upgrade of its logistics and transportation system.
India, Pakistan in Talks to Nudge Peace Process  NEW DELHI (Reuters) - India and Pakistan began talks on  Saturday looking for ways to nudge forward a peace process that  appears to be running into problems over their half-century  dispute over the Kashmir region.
Saints' Gleason apologizes for low blow Saints special teams captain Steve Gleason expects to be fined by the league after being ejected from Sunday's game against the Carolina Panthers for throwing a punch.
Intel stock tumbles 7 after lowered outlook SAN FRANCISCO - Intel Corp. #39;s shares fell more than 7 percent yesterday, a day after the computer chip giant #39;s management lowered the company #39;s financial projections after concluding businesses and consumers aren #39;t in a spending mood.
Bye Bye Byrd With the WTO giving India and seven other complainants the right to slap American imports with tariffs of their own, the US has ended up scoring an own goal.
Ont. judge agrees to appoint Hollinger Inc. inspector An Ontario court judge has made the rare move of agreeing to appoint an inspector to probe related-party deals at Conrad Black #39;s Canadian holding company Hollinger Inc 
Distant planets, smaller than gas giants, found BOSTON American scientists say they have discovered two of the smallest planets ever detected outside our solar system - a sign, they said, that they are on the right track in the quest to find Earth-like planets that could potentially support life.
SETIhome Signal Story Sees Much More Than Meets the Eye A recent article in New Scientist magazine, entitled  Mysterious signals from 1000 light years away, implies that the UC Berkeley SETIhome project has uncovered a very convincing candidate 
Solberg takes early lead Solberg got off to an astonishing start, winning three of the opening four stages to charge into a 20-second lead before losing a handful of seconds to Loeb on stages five and six.
US tops Slovakia, 3-1 It #39;s pretty rare that a first-ballot Hall of Famer, the third-leading goal-scorer in NHL history, gets benched. But the United States had opened the World Cup of 
RUGBY UNION: I WAS IN TOTAL CONTROL AT THE WORLD CUP.. NOW I #39;VE &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; SIR CLIVE WOODWARD left office yesterday still furious at the failure to build on England #39;s World Cup triumph. The biggest voice in the sport was never likely to go quietly but Woodward did not pull any punches 
Libya to pay victims of Berlin disco attack Libya has signed an agreement to pay \$35-million (US) in compensation for non-American victims in the 1986 bombing of a discotheque in West Berlin, the latest step in the country #39;s 
on the record: ISLAMABAD: Prime Minister Shaukat Aziz said that the development of the social sector of the country was the priority of the government.
Police Raid Nuclear Plant Offices Dozens of police officers on today raided the offices of Kansai Electric at the site of Japans worst nuclear plant accident as part of a criminal investigation into the tragedy that killed five people last month, an official said.
EU proposes changes to Stability Pact The European Commission yesterday presented a proposed revision of the Stability and Growth Pact, the rules that underpin the euro.
Hoosiers decode messages from Mars be the first on your block to decode a secret message to Mars and win a toy Lego model! But this was NASA speaking, in conjunction 
Kahne qualifies in 5th for Nextel Cup event The Evernham Motorsports driver was fifth in qualifying for tomorrow #39;s Pop Secret 500, a NASCAR Nextel Cup Series race. Kahne was third in qualifying for today #39;s Target House 300, a Busch Series race.
QRS Spurns JDA, Chooses Inovis QRS received five unsolicited offers throughout the summer, one from a shareholder of the company. But Inovis won the deal with a \$7-per-share offer.
Bosox pull within 21/2 It took the Red Sox 19 days to slash eight games off New York #39;s AL East lead. And they #39;re not done yet.  quot;We #39;re just going to take care of what we can take care of, quot; reliever Mike 
South Korea to explain uranium experiments at IAEA meetings this &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; SEOUL - South Korean officials will meet with the UN nuclear watchdog this month to explain about controversial uranium enrichment tests conducted four years ago, Foreign Minister Ban Ki-Moon said on Saturday.
India, Pakistan prepare for talks NEW DELHI: India and Pakistan on Saturday began talks to prepare the ground for two days of ministerial dialogue from Sunday aimed at normalising ties between the two nuclear-armed rivals.
India, Pakistan Leaders Begin Peace Talks (AP) AP - Foreign secretaries from nuclear rivals India and Pakistan began a new round of peace talks Saturday on a series of festering issues, including their decades-old dispute over the Himalayan region of Kashmir.
Football: England start campaign England boss Sven-Goran Eriksson says a decent start to the World Cup qualifying campaign is vital.
Putin Orders Crackdown After School Siege President Vladimir Putin ordered a crackdown in southern Russia after a school siege killed at least 250, and warned Chechen sympathisers on Saturday they would be seen as "accomplices of terrorism."
Pay music services have limits Consumers may not be getting what they think when they pay to download music. After years of resisting the inevitable, the music industry has responded to the music download phenomenon by offering music in digital formats through online stores.
Russian, US astronauts leave ISS on maintenance mission The Russian-US crew of the International Space Station (ISS) went on a five-hour space walk overnight to carry out maintenance work, Russian space officials said on Saturday, quoted by ITAR-TASS news agency.
Astronomers discover first Neptune-sized planets outside our solar &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; A team of astronomers announced last week the discovery of some of the smallest planets yet detected beyond our solar system. The two newly discovered planets represent a new class of extrasolar planets, and 
Popular spam fighter #39;s effectiveness questioned A technological weapon against unwanted  #39; #39;spam quot; e-mails that has been embraced by leading Internet companies doesn #39;t work as well as its developers had hoped, according to a new study.
Tech: Back to Earth with a Thud In the middle of the Sept. 3 tech wreck on Wall Street, there was at least one upside to chip giant Intel #39;s (INTC ) lowering of expectations for the current quarter: It made it easier for other tech companies 
Chip Maker SMIC Boosts Capacity and Profits Chip maker SMIC experienced healthy growth  quot;primarily due to our increase in capacity and increased demands of our customers for wafers, quot; said company chairman Richard Chang.
Roddick, Hewitt through to US Open third round Defending champion Andy Roddick of the United States stormed into the third round of the 17.8 million US dollars US Open Friday. The American big-server blasted 10 aces enroute 
Kim increases lead at State Farm Classic Springfield, Illinois - Christina Kim followed up her career best round with a six-under 66 here on Friday to increase her lead to four strokes in the \$1,2-million (about R8-million) State Farm Classic.
Solberg quickest at Rally of Japan TOKYO, Japan -- World champion Petter Solberg dominated the second day of the Rally of Japan, winning six of Saturday #39;s nine special stages and opening up a one minute and eight second lead.
Pedro powers by Rangers They #39;re in the midst of one of the most relentless marches in their modern history, a 10-game winning streak that has them climbing up the backs of the New York Yankees and leaving their wild card rivals behind.
Brown loses by TKO In the course of his first year in pinstripes, Kevin Brown has endured a two-month bout with an intestinal parasite and had two cortisone shots for lower back pain.
Giambi, Yanks won #39;t discuss published report Jason Giambi stepped out of his black convertible with the California plates outside Yankee Stadium on Friday evening and was met by a Yankees security official.
Lebanon Moves to Extend President #39;s Term BEIRUT, Lebanon Sept. 4, 2004 - Lebanese lawmakers amended their constitution to keep pro-Syrian President Emile Lahoud in office, boldly reaffirming their loyalty to Damascus and defying a UN resolution calling for presidential elections.
E Guinea investigators to arrive soon On the eve of the arrival of Equatorial Guinea investigators in South Africa, authorities in Malabo have said that the trial of eight South African alleged mercenaries could drag on for a considerable time.
Schroeder meeting with Gaddafi announced after deal German Chancellor Gerhard Schroeder will travel to Tripoli on October 15 for a meeting with Libyan leader Muammar Gaddafi, government sources said on Saturday.
US, Iraqi forces clash with militants BAGHDAD, Iraq - American and Iraqi troops clashed with insurgents north of Baghdad on Saturday, killing two militants and injuring three Iraqi National Guards, the US military said.
Suicide Car Bomb in Iraq #39;s Kirkuk Kills 9 - Police A suicide car bomber detonated his vehicle near a police academy in the Iraqi city of Kirkuk on Saturday, killing at least nine people and wounding 20, police said.
US, Iraqi Forces Launch Major Offensive in Northern Iraq, 8 People &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; US and Iraqi forces have launched a major offensive against a town suspected of harboring insurgents in northern Iraq. At least eight people have been killed and dozens injured in the fighting in Tal Afar Saturday.
ET Might Prefer a Letter Description: We check in with the progress of search for extraterrestrial intelligence. A paper published this week in the journal Nature argues that for sending lots of data over long distances, it #39;s hard 
Briefs Woods shares 1st-round lead at Deutsche Bank NORTON, Mass. - Tiger Woods shot a 6-under 65 at the Deutsch Bank Championship to tie for the lead with Ryan Palmer, one stroke ahead of Mark OMeara and two others.
Progress With Pakistan  #39;not Insignificant #39;: Indian PM NEW DELHI, Sept 4 (AFP) - Progress in ongoing peace talks with Pakistan has been  quot;not insignificant quot; and the process can be sustained, Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh said Saturday.
PluggedIn: HDTV 'Starter' Kit for PC Comes with Some Kinks (Reuters) Reuters - High-definition television can\show the sweat beading on an athlete's brow, but the cost of\all the necessary electronic equipment can get a shopper's own\pulse racing.
Blazing U.S. Profit Growth to Cool (Reuters) Reuters - Wall Street investors will get their\first glimpses in September of how companies performed in the\third quarter, and financial experts say don't look for too\many positive earnings surprises.
France Hopes Iraq Hostages Will Be Freed Soon (Reuters) Reuters - France said on Saturday it hoped Islamic\militants were about to free two French hostages, but urged\caution as fresh violence erupted in Iraq.
Cryonics Facility Must Show Willams Note (AP) AP - An Arizona cryonics facility must show a document to the nephews of the late Ted Williams that could prove the baseball Hall of Famer wanted to be frozen after his death, a judge has ruled.
Roddick Keeps Home Flag Flying in New York  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Defending champion Andy Roddick kept  the home flag flying at the U.S. Open Friday, but it was a bad  day for his compatriots as only two American men reached the  third round, their worst showing in tournament history.
Spacewalking Astronauts Install Antennas (AP) AP - Leaving their orbiting outpost unmanned, the international space station's two astronauts floated outside on a spacewalk Friday and plugged in new antennas and replaced a worn-out piece of cooling equipment.
Company Making Fake Urine for Researchers (AP) AP - In Kevin Dyches' mind, the future is yellow. Dyna-Tek Industries, a company Kevin and his wife, Sandra, bought five years ago, has developed synthetic urine for the research industry.
L.A. Development Unearths Indian Cemetery (AP) AP - It was inevitable that crews building a massive housing development near west Los Angeles wetlands would unearth American Indian remains.
Tech, Oil and Frances to Rule Markets  NEW YORK (Reuters) - As if Intel's profit bomb didn't put  enough of a damper on the summer-ending long weekend, investors  returning next week after Labor Day will be wary of a market  offering as much pitfall as promise.
Biophysicist William Siri Dies at 85 (AP) AP - William Siri, a biophysicist at the Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory who helped lead the first American expedition to reach Mount Everest's summit, has died at age 85.
Russia School Death Toll Includes 155 Children  BESLAN, Russia (Reuters) - At least 322 people, almost half  of them children, died in the bloodbath that ended a school  siege by Chechen separatists in southern Russia, a senior  justice official said on Saturday.
Employees Face More Benefit Choices  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Within the next few weeks, workers  are likely to find a little something extra in their paychecks.  No, sorry ... it's not money. Those fat envelopes will be  stuffed with the paperwork that goes with new benefit plans.
India, Pakistan Agree to Deepen Peace Process  NEW DELHI (Reuters) -  India and Pakistan agreed on  Saturday to "deepen and broaden" a peace process that in recent  months has appeared to stall over their half-century dispute  over the Kashmir region.
Suicide Car Bomb in Iraq's Kirkuk Kills 17 - Police  KIRKUK, Iraq (Reuters) - A suicide car bomber detonated his  vehicle near a police academy in the Iraqi city of Kirkuk on  Saturday, killing at least 17 people and wounding 32, police  said.
Away on Business: Islands of Refuge  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Today's highly stressed business  travelers may need islands of respite to restore the spirit and  calm the tensions that build with security checks, crowded  flights and navigating a car in unfamiliar territory.
Clashes Kill 11 in Iraq, U.S. Copter Forced to Land  MOSUL, Iraq (Reuters) - U.S.-led forces backed by warplanes  battled insurgents in northern Iraq on Saturday, killing at  least 11 people and wounding 52 others, the U.S. military and  Iraqi doctors said.
France Hopes Iraq Hostages Will Be Freed Soon  PARIS (Reuters) - France said on Saturday it hoped Islamic  militants were about to free two French hostages, but urged  caution as fresh violence erupted in Iraq.
Japan Princess Breaks Seclusion, Visits Emperor  TOKYO (Reuters) - Japan's Crown Princess Masako emerged  briefly on Saturday from months of seclusion to visit the  emperor, but officials said it might be difficult for her to  resume her official duties this year.
Woods right on course There have been signs of danger he has read about, warnings of trouble told to him.
Falling out of range While the Red Sox celebrated their 10th straight victory and picked up another game on that team from New York, the Texas Rangers, following last night's 2-0 loss at Fenway Park, were left to wonder where their season is going.
System proving a hit The purists went berserk back in 1993. They hated the idea. The wild card was bad for baseball. Just wait and see.
Is Giambi tumor in pituitary? Yankees slugger Jason Giambi still wants to keep his medical situation private, even though a newspaper report yesterday detailed the location and treatment of his benign tumor.
Decision appealing for Kapler and Nixon Beware, titans of the legal world. There may be a new force in town.  quot;I'm going to hire the law firm of Kapler and Nixon, quot; Red Sox general manager Theo Epstein said after outfielders Gabe Kapler and Trot Nixon yesterday won the appeals of their three-game suspensions and \$1,000 fines for their roles in the July 24 bench-clearing incident with ...
Rangers steering through recent skid With a little under three hours to go before the first pitch of a crucial series with the Red Sox, the Texas Rangers -- losers of four straight games -- looked anything but concerned about their immediate fate on the diamond.
Dolphins weren't all game The Miami Dolphins arrived for their final exhibition game last night in New Orleans short nine players.
Bush leads way on campaign trail President  Bush says better job figures show his policies are working, as a new opinion poll puts him in the lead.
Teams looking for an edge The United States Soccer Federation has struck a profitable vein since it began sending its national teams to the Boston area in 1991. The US men's team has an 11-1-3 record in Norfolk County and even the defeat -- 2-0 to the Netherlands -- prepared the Americans for their greatest series of conquests several days later in the 2002 World ...
Bryant case seen as plagued from start EAGLE, Colo. -- The rape case against Kobe Bryant finally fell to pieces shortly after 11 a.m. Wednesday, when his accuser called District Attorney Mark Hurlbert to say she had had enough and would no longer cooperate. The call set in motion a series of events that ended with the charges being thrown out little more than eight hours later.
Russian press review Saturday's Russian press is dominated by the bloody hostage drama in North Ossetia .&lt;br&gt;&lt;br&gt;
Fitzpatrick, Harvard are thinking big Recently named one of 16  quot;players to watch quot; for the 2004 Walter Payton Award, senior quarterback Ryan Fitzpatrick looks to lead the Harvard football team to its first Ivy League title since 2001.
US plans new resolution on Darfur The US says it is preparing a new UN resolution to deal with the crisis in the troubled Darfur region of Sudan.
Brown forced to play spectator Since taking over as football coach at the University of Massachusetts in the spring, Don Brown has placed his mark on the team he helped lead to the 1998 Division 1-AA national championship as defensive coordinator. Imagine how difficult it will be for the Minutemen to play today's season opener at Delaware State as if their charismatic mentor doesn't exist.
O'Meara back in mix with 66 There would be louder noise generated by his neighbor and friend later in the day, but Mark O'Meara wasn't complaining about his quiet stroll along the tree-lined fairways yesterday morning in the first round of the Deutsche Bank Championship.
Changes catch players' ayes It's hard to dispute that having Tiger Woods in the lead after yesterday's first round of the Deutsche Bank Championship was good news for tournament organizers. It just may not have been the best news of the day.
On pro side, amateur Vana had fun Debbie and Frank Vana Sr. have followed their son over countless fairways in numerous tournaments, but yesterday was something  quot;very special. quot;
End-of-summer gas prices fall For the hundreds of thousands of New Englanders who will fill up the tank and hit the road this Labor Day weekend, a trip to the gas station is turning out to be a few dollars cheaper than it was on Memorial Day -- even though world oil prices keep climbing.
Northeastern Conference BEVERLY Coach: Dan Bauer (second year). Last year's record: 4-7. Returning starters (7): Nate Boynton, OT/DT, 6-3, 290, Sr.; Armando Cuko, kicker/punter, 5-11, 180, Sr.; Justin Fisher, OL/DL, 5-9, 230, Sr.; Dan Abate, WR/DB, 5-8, 165, Sr.; Travis Anderson, WR/DB, 5-8, 175, Sr.; Chris Kruczynski, OL/DL, 6-1, 240, Sr.; Jason Comeau, C/DL, 6-0, 215, Sr. Returning lettermen: Nick Abraham, RB/LB, ...
Hockomock League  CANTON Coach: Tom Bresnahan (fourth year, 14-16). Last year's record: 7-3. Returning starters (5) : Chris Bell, OT/LB, 6-0, 250, Sr.; Mike Alberts, OL/DL, 5-10, 235, Sr.; Hashim Haneef, TE/DE, 6-2, 200, Sr.; Rob Powell, G/DT, 5-11, 235, Sr; Patrick Murphy, WR/DB, 6-1, 170, Sr. Returning lettermen: Mike Burlingame, QB/S, Sr.; Russell Burrows, G/LB, Jr.; Jacques Faubras, WR/DB, Sr.; Jason ...
August jobless rate dips The US unemployment rate fell slightly and 144,000 more people found work in August, providing both the Bush and Kerry campaigns ammunition in their battle for the presidency.
Atlantic Coast League  DENNIS-YARMOUTH Coach: Paul Funk (third year, 10-13). Last year's record: 5-5. Returning starters (8): Bobby Ewing, WR/S, 5-11, 170, So.; Eric Clifford, G/DE, 5-10, 215, Jr.; Adam Carreiro, T/DT, 6-4, 285, Jr.; Mark Lucier, HB/DB, 5-11, 175, Sr.; Trevor Rose, QB, 5-10, 165, Sr.; Jake St. Peter, FB/LB, 6-1, 215, Sr.; Joe Mochi, HB/LB, 5-10, 190, Sr.; Chris Marsh, G/LB, ...
Popular spam fighter's effectiveness questioned A technological weapon against unwanted ''spam quot; e-mails that has been embraced by leading Internet companies doesn't work as well as its developers had hoped, according to a new study.
Transactions BASEBALL Boston (AL): Purchased the contract of OF Adam Hyzdu from Pawtucket (IL); claimed INF Tim Hummel off waivers from Cincinnati (NL); designated P Brandon Puffer and INF Andy Dominique for assignment. Chicago (AL): Purchased the contract of P Jeff Bajenaru from Charlotte (IL). Cincinnati (NL): Activated Ps Danny Graves and Mike Matthews; claimed P Juan Padilla off waivers from ...
Contractor buys Md. firm Perini Corp. , a Framingham construction company that built one of the largest sections of the Big Dig, has agreed to purchase Cherry Hill Construction Co., a private firm in Jessup, Md., that does public works projects. Most of Perini's revenue comes from construction of gaming and themed-entertainment projects. The company has extensive work in Iraq and Afghanistan, as well. ...
NYC tops Boston in convention-related spending  NEW YORK -- The city and host committee wanted nothing more than to show they could put on a national political convention better than Boston, and by many measures they did.
Wal-Mart may settle immigration case  Wal-Mart Stores Inc. , the world's number one retailer, is in talks with the US Attorney for the Middle District of Pennsylvania to settle an investigation into whether it knowingly hired contractors who used illegal immigrants to clean its stores.
Hewitt on auto pilot in sweeping past Arazi The planes from nearby LaGuardia have been flying unusually low over the National Tennis Center this week, but nothing has been cruising beneath the radar screen quite like Lleyton Hewitt.
These lefties were all right Francesca Schiavone, the daughter of a Milan bus driver, was traveling on foot in Flushing. Fast. Desperately. A yellow tennis ball had risen like the sun over her head -- deftly lobbed by lefthander Angela Haynes -- descending at the baseline, and bounding toward the backstop.
Today's schedule Pro baseball: Red Sox vs. Texas at Fenway Park, 1 p.m.; International League: Pawtucket vs. Rochester at McCoy Stadium, Pawtucket, R.I., 6 p.m.; Eastern League: Portland vs. New Hampshire at Hadlock Field, Portland, Maine, 6 p.m.; Atlantic League: Nashua vs. Newark at Holman Stadium, Nashua, 6:30 p.m.; Northeast League: Brockton at Bangor, 6:30 p.m.; Eastern League: Altoona at New Britain, ...
Two inmates found dead at prison Detectives are investigating the deaths of two inmates who were both found hanged at Manchester Prison.
Fans given Potter book 'preview' Author JK Rowling gives fans a brief preview of the next Harry Potter novel, it is reported.
Over 200 dead at Russia school  BESLAN, Russia -- The hostage standoff at a school near Chechnya ended tragically yesterday with more than 200 children and adults reported killed and hundreds injured in an afternoon of fighting.
2 shot fatally in Gaza GAZA CITY -- Israeli troops killed two Palestinians in separate clashes yesterday, and Israeli helicopters fired three missiles at a Gaza warehouse the army said was used for making weapons.
Key EU powers weigh bringing Iran nuclear issue to UN panel VALKENBURG, the Netherlands -- Major European powers were discussing yesterday whether to take Iran to the UN Security Council amid frustration at its failure to cooperate fully with UN efforts to make sure it is not secretly trying to develop atomic weapons.
Private earns division's first Iraq Silver Star BAGHDAD -- An 18-year-old private earned the first Silver Star medal awarded to a soldier from the First Cavalry Division serving in Iraq, after he helped fight off a deadly guerrilla ambush in May that killed two of his companions and wounded five.
Population parley told Bush policies hurt women LONDON -- Organizations concerned with reproductive health and sex education sharply criticized the Bush administration yesterday, saying that its policies are contributing to the worldwide AIDS pandemic and the deaths of women during childbirth and from unsafe abortions.
Death Toll Rises in Russia School Standoff BESLAN, Russia - More than 340 people, including 155 children, were killed in the violence that ended a hostage standoff with militants at a southern Russian school, a prosecutor said Saturday. President Vladimir Putin accused the attackers of trying to spark an ethnic conflict that would engulf Russia's troubled Caucasus Mountains region...
Borders Shut After Russia School Standoff BESLAN, Russia - President Vladimir Putin ordered the borders of North Ossetia closed Saturday as security forces searched the southern region for militants who escaped the Russian storming of a school where they had held hundreds of people hostage, many who fled the building under fire. A news agency reported 322 bodies were pulled from the rubble...
Frances Poised to Slog Ashore in Florida MELBOURNE, Fla. - Hurricane Frances crawled toward the Florida coast Saturday, bringing a potential for 20 inches of rain and heavy flooding and prompting millions of residents and tourists to evacuate during the Labor Day weekend...
Jackson Acknowledges Settling Past Claims LOS ANGELES - Michael Jackson, facing child-molestation allegations, acknowledged he has reached financial settlements with people in the past to avoid the embarrassment of going to court, but added he would never harm a child.    The six-paragraph statement was released hours before "Dateline NBC" broadcast a lengthy report alleging that the entertainer paid \$2 million to the son of an employee at his Neverland Ranch in 1990 to avoid a child-molestation accusation...
Southeast Asia, China, Japan Work to Boost Trade Southeast Asian economic ministers met on Saturday with counterparts from powerhouses Japan and China, and made progress toward liberalizing trade and boosting business, officials said.
DAILY DIGEST Enron Corp. #39;s interim chief executive has asked a federal Bankruptcy Court judge to award his firm a \$25 million  quot;success fee #39; #39; for stabilizing the fallen Houston energy giant.
EU To Decide Soon on Sanctions Against US The European Union said Wednesday it will decide soon whether to impose trade sanctions on the United States after receiving authorization to do so from the World Trade Organization 
Palestinians aiming for polls in spring next year: organisers RAMALLAH - The Palestinians are hoping to hold elections across the occupied territories in spring next year, the head of the central electoral commission Ali Jarbawi said Saturday.
Japanese Police Raid Kansai Nuclear Plant Japanese police have searched a nuclear plant owned by Kansai Electric Power for evidence of any negligence that may have led to a deadly accident there last month.
US troops clash with insurgents in Iraq US and Iraqi forces clashed with insurgents in northern Iraq on Saturday after launching an operation to destroy an alleged militant cell in the town of Tal Afar, the US military said.
Japan Princess Breaks Seclusion, Visits Emperor Japan #39;s Crown Princess Masako emerged briefly on Saturday from months of seclusion to visit the emperor, but officials said it might be difficult for her to resume her official duties this year.
PluggedIn: HDTV 'Starter' Kit for PC Comes with Some Kinks  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - High-definition television can  show the sweat beading on an athlete's brow, but the cost of  all the necessary electronic equipment can get a shopper's own  pulse racing.
Japan, ASEAN agree to start FTA negotiations next April JAKARTA - Japan and the Association of Southeast Asian Nations agreed Saturday to launch negotiations for a free trade agreement in April next year, Japanese officials said.
Taiwan #39;s Delta sees losses from IBM adapter recall Taiwan electronics components maker Delta Electronics Inc said on Friday a recall of power adapters for laptop computers would cost it less than T\$50 million (\$1.
Six dead in Iraq blasts Six people were killed and eight others wounded Saturday when a car bomb and remote bomb exploded simultaneously next to an Iraqi police academy in Kirkuk, an Iraqi National Guard official told CNN.
Japanese princess breaks seclusion but officials say it might be difficult for her to resume her official duties this year. Naruhito were driven from the palace where they live to the nearby residence of Emperor Akihito and Empress Michiko.
Tunnel vision boost for British bats One of the world's largest bat species is said to be thriving in captivity in a purpose-built tunnel .
US adds 144,000 jobs Bee Washington Bureau. WASHINGTON - The economy added 144,000 jobs in August, the best performance since May, but 6,000 fewer than economists had forecast, the Labor Department reported Friday.
Boeing Urges Europe to End Airbus Aid Boeing does not want a trade war over subsidies, but Europe must stop giving state aid to rival Airbus, which is destroying competition in the aerospace industry, a senior Boeing official said on Friday.
Suicide Car Bomb in Iraq #39;s Kirkuk Kills 17 - Police A suicide car bomber detonated his vehicle near a police academy in the Iraqi city of Kirkuk on Saturday, killing at least 17 people and wounding 32, police said.
UW search goes on as Tedford chooses to stay put Jeff Tedford would have been a slam dunk hire for Washington, but California made like Shaq yesterday and swatted away the Huskies #39; hopes.
Sony in talks to sell products at discounters TOKYO -- Electronics and entertainment giant Sony Corp. is talking with Wal-Mart Stores Inc. and Costco Wholesale Corp. in an effort to boost sales by shipping to US discount chains with which it previously did little business.
X-Prize Long Shots Still in Play So far, one entrant, SpaceShipOne of California, seems likely to win the prize for a successful manned spacecraft launch. But three other teams say they're still in the running. By Dan Brekke.
Strange Bedfellows in E-Mail Case Civil liberties groups join the Department of Justice to protest a ruling that said ISPs can freely monitor e-mail. By Ryan Singel.
Los Angeles Clippers LOS ANGELES (Ticker) -- The Los Angeles Clippers are picking up the victories you have to secure if you want to contend for a postseason berth in the Western Conference.
Malaysian PM expresses sadness over hostage tragedy in Russia Malaysian Prime Minister Abdullah Ahmad Badawi Saturday expressed sadness over hostage-taking tragedy in Russia that killed hundreds of innocent people.
Hostage drama death toll rises MOSCOW - More than 320 bodies have been recovered from a school in Beslan, in southern Russia, after a three-day hostage-taking, officials said Saturday.
EU threatens sanctions against Sudan European Union foreign ministers reaffirmed Saturday that they would push for UN sanctions against Sudan, including a possible oil boycott, if the country does not move to end the fighting in its western Darfur region.
India, Pakistan Agree to Widen Peace Talks NEW DELHI Sept. 4, 2004 - Nuclear rivals India and Pakistan agreed Saturday to widen their peace dialogue in talks that focused on eight festering issues, including the decades-old dispute over the Himalayan region of Kashmir.
Despair and Anger in Small Russian Town After Siege (Reuters) Reuters - The killing of more than 320\children, parents and teachers during the bloody end to a\53-hour school siege left barely a family untouched in the\small Russian town of Beslan.
Pre-Human Walked Upright 6 Million Years Ago -Study (Reuters) Reuters - A chimp-sized human ancestor walked\upright 6 million years ago, far earlier than anyone had been\able to show before, researchers reported on Thursday.
Despair and Anger in Small Russian Town After Siege  BESLAN, Russia (Reuters) - The killing of more than 320  children, parents and teachers during the bloody end to a  53-hour school siege left barely a family untouched in the  small Russian town of Beslan.
Kidd returns for Nets, assists on game-winning basket Jason Kidd played only 21 minutes in his season debut. That was just enough to lift the New Jersey Nets. Making his return from knee surgery, Kidd assisted on Richard Jefferson #39;s jumper from the lane with 
Expedition proves China #39;s Qinghai-Tibet Plateau glaciers shrinking Glaciers in Qinghai-Tibet Plateau in west China have been shrinking at an unprecedented fast speed, said Yao Tandong, head of the Qinghai-Tibet Plateau Research Institute under 
Golf: Kim Leads State Farm Classic American Christina Kim has a four stroke lead mid-way through the Ladies Professional Golf Association State Farm Classic in Springfield, Illinois.
Gerrard fit for England Steven Gerrard has been passed fit and plays for England in tonights 2006 World Cup qualifier against Austria, according to Sky Sports.
England in confident mood England will be seeking their third clean sweep of the summer when the NatWest Challenge against India concludes at Lord #39;s. After beating New Zealand and West Indies 3-0 and 4-0 in Tests, they have come alive 
Putin says international terror at work in Russia (AFP) AFP - Russian President Vladimir Putin said in a televised address that the hostage-taking at a school in southern Russia showed that international terrorism was at work in the country.
Pakistan calls for courage in India peace talks (Reuters) Reuters - Pakistan urged "boldness" on Saturday ahead of talks with India to advance a peace process that has faltered recently over Kashmir, while a more reserved India said progress must be measured "step-by-step".
Car Bomb Kills at Least 20 at Iraq Academy BAGHDAD, Iraq - A suicide attacker detonated a car bomb outside the police academy in the northern Iraqi city of Kirkuk on Saturday as hundreds of trainees and civilians were leaving for the day, killing at least 20 people and wounding 36, authorities said.    Ambulances raced to the scene, where seven cars were on fire...
Pope Denounces Gay Marriage in Canada VATICAN CITY - Pope John Paul II kept up his campaign against gay marriage Saturday, telling the ambassador from Canada - where some provinces allow same-sex couples to wed - that such unions create a "false understanding" of marriage.    In past months, the pope urged authorities to stop approving gay marriages, saying that they degrade the true sense of marriage...
Economy adds 114,000 jobs; four year job growth still negative On the campaign trail today, President Bush stressed that the economy  quot;is strong and getting stronger, quot; after the Labor Department released data showing that the economy gained 144,000 jobs in August.
Saudi Arabia Is Sued by Firm That Lost 658 in Twin Towers antor Fitzgerald, the brokerage firm that lost 658 employees in the Sept. 11 attack, has sued Saudi Arabia, charging that the kingdom  quot;provided funding and material support and substantial assistance quot; to Al Qaeda and Osama bin Laden.
British firm reconsiders Boeing #39;s Wichita plant LONDON - British engineering firm GKN will take another look at buying Boeing #39;s Wichita manufacturing plant, it said yesterday.
MGM shares drop 8 pct on potential for lower bids Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer Inc. (MGM.N: Quote, Profile, Research) shares dropped 8 percent on Thursday after the film studio indicated a sale of its assets would likely be less than Wall Street has been expecting.
Daughter of slain woman arrives to bury her family Andrea Miles was supposed to arrive here from California to spend the holiday weekend with mother, stepfather and 13-year-old brother.
Bush Touts Unemployment Rate Drop President Bush says recent statistics showing a slight drop in the US unemployment rate show America #39;s economy is strong and growing stronger.
Specialty Retail Tales Two months ago I pitted a struggling Hot Topic (Nasdaq: HOTT) against a vibrant American Eagle Outfitters (Nasdaq: AEOS). With the former expanding despite a troubling dip in same-store sales while the latter 
IBM opens design to its blade servers International Data Machines Corp. (IBM) reported that it will release the design of its blade servers openly to potentional consumers.
MIT Warns of Critical Vulnerabilities in Kerberos 5 kinrowan writes  quot;MIT, inventor of Kerberos, has announced a pair of vulnerabities in the software that will allow an attacker to either execute a DOS attack or execute code on the machine.
Maryland court rejects paper requirement for e-voting SEPTEMBER 03, 2004 (COMPUTERWORLD) - A Maryland county court yesterday rejected a challenge to the use of electronic voting machines that sought to allow voters to opt out of using the technology.
UPDATE 1-Symonds, Kasprowicz clinch Australia victory Andrew Symonds crafted an unbeaten century and Michael Kasprowicz took five wickets to give Australia a 10-run win over Pakistan in a one-day international at Lord #39;s on Saturday.
Roles reverse as chase shifts gears You can see it in their eyes now, the same way you could see it so many times when they were the ones sliding helplessly back to the pack.
Jimenez regains lead in European Masters Spain #39;s Miguel Angel Jimenez was back on top in the European Masters in Switzerlnd Saturday after shooting a 5-under-par 66. Jimenez, at 15-under 198 for three rounds 
US finally gets on the board ST. PAUL, Minnesota - By keeping it simple, Team USA made head coach Ron Wilson look like a hockey genius last night. Not only did the Americans earn their first victory in the World Cup of Hockey tournament 
Kerr delighted with Irish win Republic of Ireland boss Brian Kerr was both a relieved and happy man after his side got their 2006 World Cup qualifying campaign off to a convincing 3-0 win over Cyprus.
France hopes for hostage release France has said it is confident that two journalists held hostage in Iraq will be released, despite continuing uncertainty about their fate.
Many Lebanese rue president #39;s term extension influential Beirut daily An-Nahar, which carried an  quot;honour roll quot; of the 29 deputies who voted against the extension. Ninety-six deputies voted in favour of the constitutional amendment, with three absent.
India, Pakistan approve key proposals ahead of ministers #39; meeting NEW DELHI : Top Indian and Pakistani officials approved proposals to break the impasse over Kashmir and strengthen ties on the eve of a meeting between the rival states #39; foreign ministers.
Japanese nuclear plant searched Kansai Electric Power #39;s nuclear power plant in Fukui, Japan, was searched by police Saturday during an investigation into an Aug. 9 mishap.
Turkey defends plans to outlaw adultery Turkish Prime Minister Tayyip Erdogan has defended plans to outlaw adultery that have outraged women #39;s groups and raised eyebrows in the European Union, which Turkey aspires to join.
Saboteurs attack Iraq #39;s northern oil pipeline Saboteurs on Saturday set fire arefined oil products pipeline in northern Iraq as they kept uprelentless attacks on Iraq #39;s oil production industry, Dubai-basedal-Arabiya TV reported.
Danny Williams: Self Help Contender Danny Williams, Mike Tyson sweepstakes victor and career underachiever, has been trying all week to look the part of the next big some-body, reformed heavyweight on a mission, destinys 
Back to work Wall Street #39;s long vacation comes to an end, with a lot of old news to chew on. Oh, and the Fed. by Mark Gongloff, CNN/Money senior writer.
US job market brightens in Aug I Na report that the incumbent President, Mr George W Bush, is expected to go to town with, the Labour department said that the economy picked up in August adding 1,44,000 jobs only slightly less than the 1,50,000 figure forecast by economists.
Continental cuts 425 jobs Carrier says cuts in management, support positions are 1 of workforce; trying to avoid wage cuts. NEW YORK (Reuters) - Continental Airlines Inc.
UPDATE 1-Jimenez snatches back Masters lead Miguel Angel Jimenez snatched back the lead at the European Masters on Saturday with fellow Ryder Cup players Sergio Garcia and Luke Donald sharing second place.
Frances Postpones Third Cubs-Marlins Game (AP) AP - The Florida Marlins postponed Sunday's game against the Chicago Cubs as Hurricane Frances crept ashore on the eastern coast of Florida.
Ravens' Ogden Hopes to Play in Opener (AP) AP - Ravens tackle Jonathan Ogden hopes to play in the season opener after spraining a knee ligament in Baltimore's final exhibition game.
Medieval castle for sale in Slovakia for less than a euro (AFP) AFP - If you've always wanted to own an authentic medieval castle, the country for you is Slovakia, in the heart of central Europe, where less than one euro may be enough to pay for the property of your dreams.
Frontier justice won #39;t stop the spam Sure, most of it reads like filthy gibberish. But the authors of this dreck are not semi-literate perverts. They #39;re cool, rational business folk who have found a sleazy but effective way to make a buck.
Senior Chinese Leader to Visit N.Korea Next Week (Reuters) Reuters - Senior Chinese leader Li Changchun is\to visit North Korea next week, the Xinhua news agency reported\on Saturday as China tries to coax Pyongyang into fresh talks\on the crisis over its nuclear ambitions.
Tenn. Coach Excited About Freshman QBs (AP) AP - Coach Phillip Fulmer can relate to Tennessee's fans. He, too, is eager to see how his two freshmen quarterbacks do in their college debuts.
19-year-old woman found dead in dorm room at McGill University (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - MONTREAL (CP) - A McGill University student has been found dead in her dormitory room and police are calling the death suspicious.
IBM inks 500M voice, data deal with Lloyds IBM said Monday that it won a 500 million (AUD\$1.25 billion), seven-year services contract to help move UK bank Lloyds TBS from its traditional voice infrastructure to a converged voice and data network.
Third Seed Moya Stunned by Belgian Rochus  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Third seed Carlos Moya became the  highest seed to exit the U.S. Open when he was dumped out 4-6,  6-4, 6-3, 6-7, 7-5 by unseeded Belgian Olivier Rochus in the  third round Saturday.
Bush Leads in Race to 270 Electoral Votes (AP) AP - In a seesaw campaign, President Bush has opened a lead over John Kerry in their drive to White House victory by making gains in the Midwest and solidifying his Southern base.
War crimes prosecutor Del Ponte says Saddam should be tried outside Iraq (AFP) AFP - Chief UN war crimes prosecutor Carla Del Ponte said that ousted Iraqi president Saddam Hussein should be tried for crimes against humanity outside Iraq.
Jimenez aims for two in a row SPAIN #39;S Miguel Angel Jimenez leads the European Masters by one shot from overnight leader Sergio Garcia and Ryder Cup pick Luke Donald after a third round 66 today.
Federer races to US Open last 16 NEW YORK, USA -- World number one and top seed Roger Federer stayed on course for his third grand slam title of the year with a straight sets victory over Fabrice Santoro of France in the US Open at Flushing Meadows on Saturday.
Australia sets tough total for Pakistan Andrew Symonds #39; unbeaten 104 anchored Australia to a challenging total of 269 for six off 50 overs on Saturday in the NatWest one-day cricket international against Pakistan at Lord #39;s.
Martinez sizzles as Sox stop Texas The brains behind the Red Sox spent long winter nights calculating what it might take to end the franchise #39;s 86-year championship famine.
Jimenez Snatches Back Masters Lead  CRANS-SUR-SIERRE, Switzerland (Reuters) - Miguel Angel  Jimenez snatched back the lead at the European Masters on  Saturday with fellow Ryder Cup players Sergio Garcia and Luke  Donald sharing second place.
PM preferred leader THE Coalition remains in a strong position to retain the nation #39;s key marginal seats - including Adelaide and Hindmarsh - Newspoll has found.
Schroeder May Lose Elections in Four German States (Update2) German Chancellor Gerhard Schroeder #39;s Social Democratic Party is likely to lose elections in four of Germany #39;s 16 states this month as voters protest welfare cuts and rising unemployment, according to opinion polls.
Contrasting Fortunes for Irish in World Cup Openers  LONDON (Reuters) - There was contrasting starts for the two  Irelands when their World Cup campaigns kicked off on Saturday  with Northern Ireland crashing to a 3-0 defeat in Belfast and  the Republic winning by the same scoreline in Dublin.
EU to Draft Sanctions Against Sudan  VALKENBURG, Netherlands (Reuters) - The European Union will  draw up sanctions against Sudan, with a view to implementing  them if the United Nations calls for such measures, the Dutch  foreign minister said on Saturday.
Many Lebanese Rue Extension of President's Term  BEIRUT (Reuters) - Lebanese editorials on Saturday rued  parliament's decision to amend the constitution to extend  Syrian-backed President Emile Lahoud's term despite strong  objections from Washington and the United Nations.
Senior Chinese Leader to Visit N.Korea Next Week  BEIJING (Reuters) - Senior Chinese leader Li Changchun is  to visit North Korea next week, the Xinhua news agency reported  on Saturday as China tries to coax Pyongyang into fresh talks  on the crisis over its nuclear ambitions.
Disco stars to enter Hall of Fame Donna Summer, the Bee Gees and Giorgio Moroder will be inducted into the first Dance Music Hall of Fame.
Hypertasking and Attention Deficit Disorder \\"Labor Day is meant to be a day of rest for workers, but hypertaskers will\spend it bent over their laptops at Starbucks, waiting for their non-fat venti\vanilla lattes while checking e-mail, reading newspapers and preparing for\Tuesday morning meetings."\\"The burgeoning number of WiFi hotspots and popularity of handheld electronics\that allow us to stay connected on the go may give us more freedom - but\there's a cost. Research shows that our brains aren't equipped for this much\activity. When we try to do more than even one simple task at a time, quality\of work diminishes and tasks take longer to complete. When we try to do this\for long periods, the result can be forgetfulness, sleeples ...\\
Fierce Storm Wreaks Havoc Along Florida The hurricane appeared to be strengthening and forecasters warned of an increased threat of serious flooding and wind damage.
Putin Says Russia Faces Full 'War' to Divide Nation President Vladimir V. Putin acknowledged failures of leadership today as the toll from the end of a school siege rose to 322.
Twins Edge Royals 4-3 MINNEAPOLIS - Terry Tiffee led off the bottom of the ninth with his first major league home run to lift the Minnesota Twins past Kansas City 4-3 on Saturday.    Tiffee, who joined the Twins when rosters expanded on Sept...
Federer One Step Closer to Third Title NEW YORK - For most tennis players, having about the same number of clean winners as unforced errors translates into a pretty good performance.    Roger Federer is not like most tennis players...
Clinton in Good Spirits Before Surgery NEW YORK - As he prepared for heart bypass surgery early next week, Bill Clinton was in good spirits, dressed in street clothes and walking around his hospital room Saturday morning, people close to the Clinton family said.    The former president said he was "a little scared, but not much" of the surgery, but was looking forward to a swift recovery and resuming normal activities such as jogging...
Car Bomb Kills at Least 20 at Iraq Academy KIRKUK, Iraq - A suicide attacker detonated a car bomb Saturday outside a police academy in the northern Iraqi city of Kirkuk as hundreds of trainees and civilians were leaving for the day, killing at least 20 people and wounding 36, authorities said.    Separately, U.S and Iraqi forces clashed with insurgents in another part of northern Iraq after launching an operation to destroy an alleged militant cell in the town of Tal Afar, the U.S...
Senior Chinese Leader to Visit N.Korea Next Week Senior Chinese leader Li Changchun is to visit North Korea next week, the Xinhua news agency reported on Saturday as China tries to coax Pyongyang into fresh talks on the crisis over its nuclear ambitions.
Cisco, Fujitsu Team Up for High-End Internet Gear Cisco today outlined a strategy for its new Internet protocol (IP) networks and gained technical and Japanese market support by striking a deal with Fujitsu.
Hurricane Frances Tears Through Bahamas FREEPORT, Bahamas - Hurricane Frances ripped apart roofs, shattered windows and flooded neighborhoods as it raged through the Bahamas on Saturday, driving thousands from their homes before beginning a slow march toward the east coast of Florida. At least one man was electrocuted in the storm...
Roddick, Serena Advance at U.S. Open NEW YORK - Andy Roddick scuffed his hand, scuffled with the chair umpire and barely shook hands with Rafael Nadal when the match was over. A tough night for the defending U.S...
Bush and Kerry Differ on State of Economy BROADVIEW HEIGHTS, Ohio - Good news, or bad? President Bush and Democrat John Kerry had differing takes Saturday about the vitality of the nation's jobs market - a question that's heating up this year's race for the White House.    Bush, campaigning in Ohio - a pivotal state that has lost tens of thousands of manufacturing jobs, says a new U.S...
Frances Hits Fla. Coast With 90 Mph Winds MELBOURNE, Fla. - The outer bands of Hurricane Frances whipped Florida's Atlantic coast with 90 mph wind Saturday as the storm crawled toward the state, bringing a potential for more than a foot of rain, tornadoes and heavy flooding as tens of thousands fled the area...
Russian School Toll Rises to More Than 300 Russian officials today gave the new figure for casualties in the violent ending of the school standoff. There are fears it could go even higher.
Suicide Bombing At Iraqi Police Station Kills 20, Injures 36 A car bomb detonated Saturday outside a police academy in the Kirkuk as hundreds of trainees and civilians were leaving for the day, killing at least 20 people and wounding 36, authorities said.
HOUSTON: Enron CEO #39;s company submits bill for \$25 million bonus The price of success is \$25 million, according to a filing Friday by the corporate rescue company of Enron Corp. #39;s interim chief executive.
"Gentlemen, Start Your Gyros" It's "all systems go" for one of the most ambitious physics experiments ever attempted. After more than 40 years of methodical planning and four months of intense troubleshooting, NASA's Gravity Probe B spacecraft has begun its search for a bizarre prediction of Einstein's relativity.
Medicare Premiums to Rise Record 17 By MARK SHERMAN    WASHINGTON (AP) -- Medicare premiums for doctor visits are going up a record \$11.60 a month next year. The Bush administration says the increase reflects a strengthened Medicare, while Democrats complain that seniors are being unfairly socked...
Age and Eating Habits Catch Up With President Clinton Bill Clinton is a man close to 60, with a little pudge and a longtime love of junk food. That fits the stereotype for heart disease. Needing bypass surgery, however, suggests that the former president's disease is relatively extensive, and that's surprising for an active dignitary who presumably has top-notch and timely physical checkups.
Few Electronic Disruptions Hit Republican Convention The electronic disruptions threatened during the Republican National Convention were minimal at most, the convention's infotech head said Friday. Max Everett, the convention's director of information technology, said he took the threats seriously and responded by increasing the site's capacity and security.
Kim on fire at State Farm Classic Springfield, IL (Sports Network) - Christina Kim posted a six-under 66 on Friday to cruise to a four-shot lead midway through the State Farm Classic at The Rail Golf Course.
Kobe case full of errors The rape case against Kobe Bryant finally fell to pieces shortly after 11 am Wednesday, when his accuser called District Attorney Mark Hurlbert to say she #39;d had enough and would no longer co-operate.
No. 16 Virginia Blows Out Temple 44-14 (AP) AP - Wali Lundy ran for 104 yards and three touchdowns, and Alvin Pearman returned a punt 70 yards for a score to lead No. 16 Virginia to a 44-14 win over Temple on Saturday.
U.S. Postal Upsets Favorites in Tour of Spain  LEON, Spain (Reuters) - U.S. Postal upset favorites Liberty  Seguros to win the 17.2-mile opening team time trial stage of  the Tour of Spain Saturday.
The City of Brotherly Love loves Wi-Fi It #39;s already well known for its cheesesteak sandwiches, the Liberty Bell - and for sports fans who once booed Santa Claus. Now, the city of Philadelphia is trying to forge a new reputation - by way of the Internet.
Ponting Hails  #39;Gladiator #39; Symonds Andrew Symonds second one-day international hundred was the lynchpin of Australias 10-run NatWest International win over Pakistan - and the source of great personal satisfaction 
Town #39;s relief tempered by unanswered questions in wake of Bryant &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; It was the surest sign that the Kobe Bryant case was leaving town for good after a 14-month occupation: A rancher obtained permission to tear down CNN #39;s 15-by-20-foot camera platform near the courthouse.
Kazmir looking forward to pitching in New York It was always just a matter of time before Scott Kazmir pitched in New York. Of course, it was assumed that he would be pitching for the New York Mets in Shea Stadium, not in the Bronx against the New York Yankees.
Thousands turn out in big send-off for Malaysia #39;s Anwar KUALA LUMPUR : Thousands of supporters turned out at the airport to give Malaysia #39;s ex-deputy prime minister Anwar Ibrahim a rousing send-off as he headed for surgery in Germany on his second full day of freedom after six years in jail.
Pakistan swears in 27 more ministers for new cabinet ISLAMABAD (AFP) -- Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf on Saturday swore in another 27 ministers, three days after inducting a 32-member cabinet headed by newly elected Prime Minister Shaukat Aziz, officials said.
EGuinea officials to question Thatcher, probe Armenian company over coup (AFP) AFP - A team of state prosecutors from Equatorial Guinea was set to leave Malabo for South Africa to question Mark Thatcher over his alleged involvement in a complex bid to oust President Teodoro Obiang Nguema, a government source said.
Sharapova Humbled by Resurgent Pierce  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The Maria Sharapova bandwagon came to  a grinding halt on Saturday when Mary Pierce rolled back the  years with a sensational 4-6, 6-2, 6-3 win in the third round  of the U.S. Open.
Lundy Carries Cavs Wali Lundy runs for 104 yards and three touchdowns and Alvin Pearman returns a punt 70 yards for a score to lead No. 16 Virginia to a 44-14 win over Temple on Saturday.
Roddick Through To Third Round Of US Open Andy Roddick the defending US Open tennis champion has moved on to the third round by defeating Rafael Nadal 6-0 6-3 6-4 on Friday.
Detroit Tigers Team Report - September 4 (Sports Network) - Detroit registered a 4-2 win over the Tampa Bay Devil Rays on Friday night at Tropicana Field. After the game, the Tigers left the state as Hurricane Frances was set to affect the area in the next few days.
France hopeful that journalists will be released Signs suggest hope for a possible release of the two French journalists held hostage in Iraq, Interior Minister Dominique de Villepin said Saturday.
Three Palestinians die in Gaza Strip Palestinian sources reported early Saturday that a civilian died of wounds he sustained earlier when Israeli forces raided Khan Younis city a week ago.
Life flickered in captors clutch It was around 10 am on July 21 that their convoy, carrying steel and cement reached Faluja.  quot;We stopped to find out where we were to unload the consignment when all of a sudden, about 40 masked men, armed to their teeth, pounced on us, quot; recalls Tilak Raj.
Tennis: Federer rolls into fourth round at US Open NEW YORK : Top seed Roger Federer, who is trying to become the first man since Mats Wilander to capture three majors in the same year, took another step in that direction by overpowering Fabrice Santoro at the US Open.
WASPS HIT BACK AT WOODWARD Lawrence Dallaglio and Wasps rugby chief Warren Gatland tonight defended the double champions from criticism by Sir Clive Woodward.
Putin Says Russia Faces Full  #39;War #39; to Divide Nation In a rare address to his nation at a time of grave crisis, President Vladimir V. Putin said Saturday that the school siege the southern city of Beslan was an attack on 
Iraq extends Al-Jazeera ban THE Iraqi Government shut down Al-Jazeera #39;s Baghdad operations indefinitely today, extending a one-month closure order imposed after the pan-Arab channel was accused of inciting violence.
Hurricane Throws Curveball to Baseball Schedule  MIAMI (Sports Network) - Hurricane Frances has already  affected Major League Baseball this weekend as five games have  been postponed.
Hostage families return to school Relatives return to the scene of Russia's bloody three-day school siege, as the number killed reaches 330.
Michigan Ends Miami of Ohio's Win Streak ANN ARBOR, Mich. - Freshman Chad Henne threw two touchdowns in a surprising start for Michigan, helping the eighth-ranked Wolverines to a 43-10 victory over Miami of Ohio on Saturday that ended the nation's longest winning streak...
L.A. Airport Reopens After Security Scare LOS ANGELES - Four terminals at Los Angeles International Airport were shut down for about three hours Saturday after a passenger bypassed security at one terminal and a flashlight battery exploded during screening at another, authorities said.    The two incidents a half-hour apart on the busy Labor Day weekend appeared to be unrelated, said FBI spokeswoman Cathy Viray...
General Blames Prison Abuse on Commanders BAGHDAD, Iraq - The Army general who once ran detention operations in Iraq said a "conspiracy" among top U.S. commanders has left her to blame for the abuses of Iraqi inmates at Abu Ghraib prison...
Clinton in Good Spirits Before Surgery NEW YORK - Former President Bill Clinton was in good spirits Saturday, walking around his hospital room in street clothes and buoyed by thousands of get-well messages as he awaited heart bypass surgery early this coming week, people close to the family said.    Clinton's wife and daughter visited him in the hospital Saturday and he had received 15,000 get-well messages relayed from the Web site of his foundation, a spokeswoman said...
France and Britain remember WWII special forces (AFP) AFP - French Defense Minister Michele Alliot-Marie and Britain's Princess Anne presided over a ceremony commemorating the members of the SAS who lost their lives during World War II.
Redskins Show Some Regular-Season Plays (AP) AP - In a way, the Washington Redskins didn't fight fair in their final exhibition game. They blitzed both cornerbacks on the first play and showed other blitzes and formations usually reserved for the regular season.
Yankees' Brown Could Be Lost for Season  NEW YORK (Sports Network) - New York Yankees pitcher Kevin  Brown, who suffered a broken left hand Friday night when he  punched a wall after his start against the Baltimore Orioles,  could be lost for the remainder of the 2004 season.
Austria Hits Back to Tie Scrappy England  VIENNNA (Reuters) - England's World Cup qualifying campaign  got off to a miserable start Saturday when they squandered a  two-goal lead to draw 2-2 with Austria in Group Six.
Finland and Sweden Draw 4-4 in Thriller in World Cup Hockey  HELSINKI (Reuters) - Finland and Sweden drew 4-4 draw in a  pulsating World Cup ice hockey match on Saturday that put the  Finns one step closer to a semi-final berth.
In Foxboro, Starting at the Bottom for the Team at the Top For a team that enters this season with a 15-game winning streak, the New England Patriots' rookies present an interesting juxtaposition.
Militants Threaten to Behead Turkish Man (AP) AP - Iraqi militants threatened to behead a Turkish truck driver if his company and the Kuwaiti contractor it works for don't stop their operations in Iraq within 48 hours, according to a videotape aired on Arab television Saturday.
Campaigning Bush cites "horror" of Russian crisis (AFP) AFP - US President George W. Bush told voters in the crucial state of Ohio that Russia's bloody hostage crisis was  quot;a grim reminder quot; of the stakes in his global war on terrorism.
U.S. Near Seizing bin Laden, Official Says ISLAMABAD, Pakistan - The United States and its allies have moved closer to capturing Osama bin Laden in the last two months, a top U.S. counterterrorism official said in a television interview broadcast Saturday...
Bush, Kerry Clash on State of Economy AKRON, Ohio - President Bush and John Kerry battled over the economy and jobs in a small corner of the campaign's most fiercely contested state Saturday as polls showed a post-convention surge for the Republican in the White House.    With little more than eight weeks remaining to Election Day, a Newsweek survey gave the president a lead of 52-41 over Kerry, with independent Ralph Nader at 3 percent...
Investment offers for PSUs, banks NEW DELHI: PM Manmohan Singh said on Saturday public sector companies and nationalised banks would be encouraged to enter the capital market to raise resources and offer new investment avenues to retail investors.
Microsoft Warns Spyware Could Foul Up System Microsoft said some spyware could cause computers to freeze up upon installation of the SP2 update. Microsoft recommends that users clean their PCs of spyware and back up their data before 
England midfielder Gerrard says he shouldn #39;t have been taken off England goalscoring hero Steven Gerrard said he was taken off the field by mistake in Saturday #39;s World Cup qualifying 2-2 tie with Austria.
Fed Express makes steady progress NEW YORK, Sept. 4. - Top-seed Roger Federer moved a step closer to becoming the first man in 16 years to win three Grand Slams in a season when he reached the US Open fourth round with a straight-sets win here today.
Palermo #39;s Toni leads Italy past Norway 2-1 in World Cup qualifying &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Second-half substitute Luca Toni scored in the 80th minute to lift Italy over Norway 2-1 on Saturday in their first qualifying match for the World Cup.
Gatland hits back at Woodward Wasps coach Warren Gatland has taken a swipe at Sir Clive Woodward #39;s criticism of top flight domestic clubs. Woodward blamed lack of co-operation from Premiership bosses for his decision to quit and singled out Gatland and Bath #39;s John Connolly.
* Foreign secretaries finalise agenda for FMs meeting today NEW DELHI: Pakistani and Indian foreign secretaries Riaz Khokhar and Shyam Saran on Saturday approved proposals to break the logjam over Kashmir and strengthen bilateral relations.
CANTOR SUES SAUDIS IN 9/11 PLOT September 4, 2004 -- The firm that lost the most employees in the Sept. 11 attacks yesterday slapped the Saudi government and royal family - as well as al Qaeda -ith a \$600 million federal lawsuit.
Pfizer to Pay \$430 Million to Settle Asbestos Claims (Update3) Pfizer Inc., the world #39;s largest drugmaker, agreed to pay \$430 million to resolve personal-injury claims against a subsidiary that sold products containing asbestos in the 1970s.
Philadelphia Plan Would Give WiFi Access to the Whole City Forget finding an Internet cafe. For less than what it costs to build a small library, city officials believe they can turn all 135 square miles of Philadelphia into the world #39;s largest wireless Internet hot spot.
Pierce, Rochus post wins Maria Sharapova #39;s drive to win another grand slam tennis title was dashed when the Wimbledon champion lost to Mary Pierce 4-6 6-2 6-3 in the third round of the US Open on Saturday.
Local hero Toni gets Italy off to winning start An 80th minute goal from substitute Luca Toni gave Italy a 2-1 comeback win over Norway in their World Cup European zone Group Five match on Saturday.
United States 2, El Salvador 0 Brian Ching did it again, putting the United States in good position to advance to the regional finals of qualifying for the 2006 World Cup.
Local Russians shocked by tragedy Seattle #39;s Russian community reacted with a mixture of sorrow, anger and frustration yesterday: sorrow for the children who died in the hostage crisis at a school in Beslan, Russia; anger 
25 die drinking moonshine LAHORE: At least 25 men have died of drinking homemade liquor in Multan and Muzaffargarh districts, a news channel reported on Saturday.
Court reins in Aussie unions #39; right to strike SYDNEY - Australia #39;s High Court has ruled that trade unions cannot take industrial action over political, social or environmental issues.
Tendulkar out of Champions Trophy NEW DELHI: All-rounder Rohan Gavaskar will replace an injured Sachin Tendulkar in Indias squad for next weeks Champions Trophy in England, an Indian cricket board official announced on Saturday.
Invest in Housing Without Buying a Home (Reuters) Reuters - Playing the U.S. housing market may no\longer require actually buying a home.
Iraq Closes Al-Jazeera Office Indefinitely (AP) AP - The Iraqi government shut down Al-Jazeera's Baghdad operations indefinitely on Saturday, extending a one-month closure order imposed after the pan-Arab channel was accused of inciting violence.
CEO Pay in U.S. Crimped as Oversight Grows (Reuters) Reuters - Increased oversight of chief executive\compensation has placed a lid on big salary jumps for CEOs in\very large U.S. organizations, according to a survey.
Finland Wins European Pool in Hockey (AP) AP - Finland didn't get its long-awaited revenge on Sweden, but a 4-4 tie was good enough to win the European Pool at the World Cup of Hockey on Saturday.
No. 17 Auburn Routs La.-Monroe, 31-0 (AP) AP - Jason Campbell passed for two touchdowns and Carnell Williams ran for 103 yards as No. 17 Auburn unveiled a new offense in a 31-0 victory over Louisiana-Monroe on Saturday.
Hurricane Center Director Is Calm Force (AP) AP - In the midst of a crisis, Max Mayfield sets his schedule in four-minute increments. That's the amount of time the director of the National Hurricane Center allots each media crew camped out in the bunker-like building where forecasts are drawn up. He sets aside an hour to help assemble regularly scheduled advisories, and pauses to take calls from higher-ups, including U.S. Commerce Secretary Don Evans.
Duval Makes First Cut in 15 Months (AP) AP - David Duval sank a three-foot putt for birdie on the 18th hole Saturday to make the cut at the Deutsche Bank Championship  #151; the first time the 2001 British Open winner has made the cut in over a year.
Agassi Rolls Into Last 16  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Andre Agassi kept the ball rolling for  the older generation at the U.S. Open on Saturday by  demolishing Czech Jiri Novak 6-4, 6-2, 6-3 to reach the fourth  round.
Judge Won't Delay Tobacco Trial  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A federal judge on Saturday denied a  tobacco industry request to delay the government's \$280 billion  racketeering case against the industry which is scheduled to go  to trial on Sept. 21.
Ravens LB Boulware to Miss at Least First Six Games  BALTIMORE, Maryland (Sports Network) - The Baltimore Ravens  Saturday placed linebacker Peter Boulware on the physically  unable to perform list and the veteran will miss at least the  first six games of the upcoming season.
Report: Citigroup to Bid for Cazenove  LONDON (Reuters) - U.S. investment bank Citigroup is set to  bid for UK stockbroker Cazenove &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=CAZ.UL target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;CAZ.UL&lt;/A&gt;, challenging rivals JP  Morgan &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=JPM.L target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;JPM.L&lt;/A&gt; and Lehman Brothers &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=LEH.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;LEH.N&lt;/A&gt; for the City's most  venerable institution, the Observer reported.
Astros Find New Meaning in Their Once-Lost Season The Houston Astros are rising from the dead and playing the way their hierarchy and others thought they would play all season.
Gambro Agrees to Sell US Dialysis Unit to DaVita (Correct) Gambro AB, the world #39;s No. 2 operator of dialysis centers, agreed to sell its US clinics to DaVita Inc., for \$3.1 billion in cash.
Update 1: Virgin in Talks With Chinese Telecom Firm British conglomerate Virgin Group Ltd. announced Tuesday that it is in talks with a mainland Chinese telecommunications company to set up a joint venture to provide mobile services in China.
There may be life out there after all ASTRONOMERS manning a radio telescope in Arecibo, Puerto Rico, believe they may have found proof that extra-terrestrials exist. The astronomers reported in the New Scientist magazine this week that they have 
Biffle beat Mears in Busch battle Greg Biffle won a nearly race-long duel with Casey Mears, pulling away over the last two laps to capture the NASCAR Busch Series race Saturday at California Speedway.
Hollinger Chronicles: tale of corporate plunder A new expression has entered the Scandal lexicon in the last week. The hard-hitting internal report from Hollinger International referring to the way that Conrad Black allegedly ran the company described it as being a corporate kleptocracy.
Pierce Beats Wimbledon Champ Sharapova (AP) AP - Maria Sharapova's drive to win another Grand Slam title got dashed Saturday when tennis' newest "It" girl lost to Mary Pierce 4-6, 6-2, 6-3 in the third round of the U.S. Open.
After the lurid stories, Black still faces judgment day The story could hardly be more dramatic. Over 513 pages, former Securities and Exchange Commission chairman Richard Breeden accuses former Telegraph owner Lord Black and his fellow executives of systematically 
Gadget 'restored my independence' A remote control device which can operate household appliances has given a disabled man back his independence.
Buying organic 'gives you boost' Simply making the choice to buy organic food can induce a sense of well-being, according to research.
Spyware / SP2 hazard warning p2pnet.net News:- Windows XP users should check for spyware before installing SP2, says Microsoft. Some spyware could cause computers to freeze if the update is loaded, warns Barry Goff, a group product manager quoted by Associated Press here.
Apple #39;s iMac G5 debuts as world #39;s thinnest desktop Software giant Apple Computer has unveiled its new iMac desktop computer, which integrates all disk drives and processors into a flat display.
Singh storms into lead Vijay Singh shot an eight-under-par 63 to take a two-shot lead over Tiger Woods after the second round of the Deutsche Bank Championship.
Youhana #39;s efforts in vain It was a fine occasion, but it could have been a grand one without a touch of avarice. There were plenty of empty seats here despite the presence of two of the most charismatic sides in the world.
AL Capsules The Boston Red Sox lost for the first time in 11 games, falling to the Texas Rangers 8-6 Saturday and missing a chance to pull within 11/2 games of the New York Yankees in the AL East.
GAME DAY PREVIEW Game time: 6:00 PM CHARLOTTE, North Carolina (Ticker) -- The Detroit Shock face a critical road test Saturday when they take on the Charlotte Sting at Charlotte Coliseum.
Frances takes out sports events MIAMI - The Florida Marlins postponed Sunday #39;s game against the Chicago Cubs as Hurricane Frances crept ashore on the eastern coast of Florida.
Siege bodes ill for Putin Rescue a catastrophe for leader and &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; WHEN it came, the end of the siege at School No1 in the small north Ossetian town of Beslan was the worst possible outcome. It was protracted, chaotic and bloody and a catastrophe not just for the families 
Suicide bomber kills 17 in northern Iraq A suicide bomber blew up his vehicle outside a police academy in the northern oil city of Kirkuk yesterday, killing 17 people, including 14 policemen.
India, Pakistan Foreign Ministers to Start Talks on Kashmir Indian and Pakistani foreign ministers today begin two days of talks in New Delhi on divisive issues including Kashmir, as the South Asian neighbors seek to end five decades of hostility that has led to three wars.
Mystery of Archer link to oil coup Investigators probing the backers of the alleged coup in Equatorial Guinea will discover this week what role - if any - disgraced Tory peer Lord Archer played in financing the plot that led to the arrest of Sir Mark Thatcher 11 days ago.
Biffo and the Battler slug it out Down Under Australian markets are relaxed despite the bitter political campaign ahead of a general election. Duncan Hughes reports from Melbourne.
Iraq renews closure of al-Jazeera offices The Iraqi interim governmentSaturday renewed closure of offices of the Arabic-languagesatellite television network Al-Jazeera over incitement toviolence.
MLB: San Francisco 9, Arizona 7 Deivi Cruz capped a four-run eighth-inning rally with a two-run single Saturday to give the San Francisco Giants a 9-7 win over the Arizona Diamondbacks.
UPDATE 1-Insurers bracing for severe Frances losses - S amp;P Hurricane Frances threatens to deliver a powerful blow to private insurers and reinsurers and could cause severe challenges for some companies, Standard  amp; Poor #39;s said on Friday.
IDF shoots dead three Palestinians, destroys arms warehouse in &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Israel Defense Forces troops shot and killed three Palestinians in two separate incidents in the Gaza Strip on Friday, the army and Palestinian doctors said.
Report: Citigroup to Bid for Cazenove (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. investment bank Citigroup is set to\bid for UK stockbroker Cazenove , challenging rivals JP\Morgan  and Lehman Brothers  for the City's most\venerable institution, the Observer reported.
Putin Blames Corruption for Terrorism (AP) AP - Russian newspapers carried harrowing photos Saturday of the bloody climax of the school hostage-taking by militants demanding independence for Chechnya, but carefully avoided assigning blame.
Jury finds Sept. 11 attacks are separate acts A jury #39;s finding yesterday that the Sept. 11 attack by two hijacked planes on the World Trade Center was two occurrences for insurance purposes provides an 
British businessman selling arms to Sudan: report (AFP) AFP - A millionaire British arms dealer is reportedly fuelling a bloody civil war in Sudan by arranging to supply its government with tanks, rocket launchers and a cruise missile.
Agassi: Let's Give Replay a Try (AP) AP - At 34, Andre Agassi has seen a lot of things in tennis. And here's one more that he'd like to add: instant replay.
Stocks fall as brokers downgrade blue chips Oil supply concerns and broker downgrades of blue-chip companies left stocks mixed yesterday, raising doubts Wall Street #39;s year- end rally would continue.
AL Wrap: Punchless Yankees Continue to Struggle  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Sidney Ponson pitched a complete-game  two-hitter as the Baltimore Orioles stunned the New York  Yankees 7-0 in American League play at Yankee Stadium on  Saturday.
NL Wrap: Bonds Kept in Park But Giants Rally for Big Win  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Marquis Grissom hit a grand slam  homer and the San Francisco Giants rallied from a six run  deficit to defeat the Arizona Diamondbacks 9-7 in National  League play on Saturday.
Bush backers like converted Democrat's zeal (AFP) AFP - US President George W. Bush found strong support among voters in key states for Democratic Senator Zell Miller, who has broken with his party and raised eyebrows with attacks on Democratic White House hopeful John Kerry.
Agassi Sends Out Warning with Novak Win  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Twice champion Andre Agassi sent out  an ominous warning to his rivals for the U.S. Open title on  Saturday with a ruthless 6-4, 6-2, 6-3 third-round demolition  of Czech Jiri Novak.
Soccer: U.S. Overcomes El Salvador After Bad-Tempered Battle  FOXBORO, Massachusetts (Reuters) - Brian Ching and Landon  Donovan scored well-taken goals as the United States beat  10-man El Salvador 2-0 in an ill-tempered CONCACAF zone Group A  World Cup qualifier on Saturday.
With Pitching in Shambles, Yankees Hitters Prove Punchless Baltimore's Sidney Ponson held the Yankees to two hits in his fourth career shutout. The Yankees have not scored a run in the last 17 innings.
Victory Brings Hope, and Worry The optimists among Rutgers fans were delighted, but the Scarlet Knights still gave the pessimists something to worry about.
Interest rates on short-term T-bills mixed Interest rates on short-term Treasury securities were mixed in yesterday's auction. The Treasury Department sold \$19 billion in three-month bills at a discount rate of 2.210 percent, up from 2.195 percent last week. An additional \$17 billion was sold in six-month bills at a rate of 2.380 percent, down from 2.395 percent.
Gibbs Is All Business Joe Gibbs is shrewdly merging sports enterprises as coach of the Redskins and patriarch of a now family-owned NASCAR team to form one of sports' most lucrative brands.
Democrats Urge Kerry to Turn Up Intensity of Campaign Leading Democrats have urged John Kerry's aides to concentrate on challenging President Bush on domestic issues.
Surprise Starter Stars Freshman Chad Henne, not Matt Gutierrez, leads No. 8-ranked Michigan to a 43-10 triumph over Miami (Ohio) with two touchdowns passes on Saturday.
Rangers Derail Red Sox The Red Sox lose for the first time in 11 games, falling to the Rangers 8-6 Saturday and missing a chance to pull within 1 1/2 games of the Yankees in the AL East.
Tapit Heads Field Maryland-based Tapit, the Wood Memorial winner in April, is the 2-1 morning line favorite for Monday's \$750,000 Pennsylvania Derby.
Jury finds Sept. 11 attacks are separate acts A jury's finding yesterday that the Sept. 11 attack by two hijacked planes on the World Trade Center was two occurrences for insurance purposes provides an extra \$1.1 billion, ensuring  quot;a timely and complete rebuild quot; of the destroyed complex, its leaseholder says.
Clinton in Good Spirits Before Surgery NEW YORK - Former President Bill Clinton was in good spirits Saturday, walking around his hospital room in street clothes and buoyed by thousands of get-well messages as he awaited heart bypass surgery early this coming week, people close to the family said.    Clinton was expected to undergo surgery as early as Monday but probably Tuesday, said Democratic Party Chairman Terry McAuliffe, who said the former president was "upbeat" when he spoke to him by phone Friday...
Sluggish Frances Cuts Power to 2M in Fla. FORT PIERCE, Fla. - Potent but slow-moving Hurricane Frances snapped power lines and whipped the Atlantic coast with winds over 90 mph Saturday, knocking out electricity for about 2 million people and forcing Floridians to endure another day of waiting and worrying...
L.A. Airport Terminals Open After Scares LOS ANGELES - Four terminals at Los Angeles International Airport were shut down for more than three hours Saturday after a passenger bypassed security at one terminal and two flashlight batteries exploded during screening at another, authorities said.    The incidents, about a half-hour apart, were apparently unrelated and there was no link to terrorism, according to the federal Transportation Security Administration...
Finland Wins European Pool Finland didn't get its long-awaited revenge on Sweden, but a 4-4 tie was good enough to win the European Pool at the World Cup of Hockey on Saturday in Helsinki.
Dolphins File Grievance The Miami Dolphins have filed a grievance against Ricky Williams, asking an arbitrator to uphold their contractual right to recover \$8.6 million paid in signing bonus and incentives.
Pierce Beats Wimbledon Champ Sharapova NEW YORK - Maria Sharapova's drive to win another Grand Slam title got dashed Saturday when tennis' newest "It" girl lost to Mary Pierce 4-6, 6-2, 6-3 in the third round of the U.S. Open...
Sluggish Frances Cuts Power to 2M in Fla. FORT PIERCE, Fla. - Potent but slow-moving Hurricane Frances snapped power lines and whipped the Atlantic coast with winds over 90 mph Saturday, knocking out electricity for about two million people and forcing Floridians to endure another day of waiting and worrying...
Sony In Talks To Sell Products At Wal-Mart Sony Corp. is talking with Wal-Mart and Costco in an effort to boost sales by shipping to US discount chains with which it previously did little business.
Gerrard reveals England change howler England boss Sven Goran Eriksson has defended goalkeeper David James after last night #39;s 2-2 draw in Austria. James allowed Andreas Ivanschitz #39;s shot to slip through his fingers to complete Austria comeback from two goals down.
United States 2, El Salvador 0 Brian Ching got another big goal, and the United States received the gift of jewelry. Ching scored just five minutes in on the Americans #39; first shot, and El Salvador was forced to play a man short after a 
Sheriff Defends Handling of Bryant Case EAGLE, Colo. Sept. 3, 2004 - The sheriff and prosecutor in the Kobe Bryant sexual assault case defended how the case was handled, and said they were disappointed it never went to trial.
TiVo, Cable or Satellite? Choose That Smart TV Wisely Though technophiles are the one who usually like to brag about their electronic toys, recently, even tech novices have started crowing about their digital video recorders.
Citing Threats, Entrepreneur Wants to Quit Caller ID Venture After receiving harassing messages and even a death threat, the founder of a service that fools caller ID systems has decided to sell the business.
Stadler Leads First Tee Open (AP) AP - Craig Stadler moved into position for his second straight victory Saturday, shooting a 9-under 63 to take a one-stroke lead over Jay Haas after the second round of the inaugural First Tee Open.
Schlepping to Moguldom Haim Saban, one of the nation's richest and most improbable media magnates, may be one of the most politically connected moguls in Hollywood, trying to influence all things Israeli.
Does RAND Walk the Talk on Labor Policy? RAND is not unique among government contractors in continuing to do business with the government after being found in violation of labor law.
Good Deals for Banks, Both Coming and Going With so few mergers and acquisitions these days and with fees for them shrinking, bankers have found a new way to milk more cash out of deals: working with both buyer and seller.
To Get Out of a Stall, Apply Lift. An Election May Work. While the stock market close to stumbling through its fifth-longest stall since 1983, there could be a little election-year boost for equities.
Microsoft Steps Into the Ring  quot;Compared to iTunes, Microsoft #39;s music store currently offers only half the songs and is missing many features, but its biggest problem may be that its downloaded songs do not play on iPod, iPod 
Ireland boss happy with comfortable victory Clinton Morrison, Robbie Keane and Andy Reid struck for Ireland and Kerr said:  quot;We made a lot of chances for 3-0, but I would have settled for that before the game and in the circumstances after losing a lot of players through injuries I am very happy 
Australia #39;s Costello Says Surplus Will Help on Interest Rates Australia #39;s Treasurer Peter Costello said his forecast in May for aA\$2.4 billion (\$1.7 billion) budget surplus will help keep interest rates from rising.
Microsoft Steps Into the Ring For subscription services such as Napster and RealRhapsody, the entrance of Microsoft into its business space might have the same  quot;Oh no!
IBM Agrees to Share Blade Server Know-How The IBM announcement is being made in collaboration with Intel. Under an agreement reached two years ago, the companies have worked together to design and manufacture blade servers.
Wal-Mart Launches Windows Media Song Downloads Wal-Mart Stores Inc. launched an online music store that works with Microsoft Corp. #39;s Windows Media Player, the world #39;s largest retailer said on Thursday.
Australia beat Pakistan LONDON, Sept 4: Andrew Symonds crafted an unbeaten century and Michael Kasprowicz took five wickets to give Australia a 10-run win over Pakistan in a one-day international at Lord #39;s on Saturday.
Boy wonders arrival leaves Fergie with tricky balancing act Within 24 hours of capturing Wayne Rooney, Manchester United swelled with the kind of pride and proclamations of impending success not seen since that night at the Camp Nou.
UPDATE 1-Albania double stuns European champions Greece Albania stunned Euro 2004 winners Greece with two goals in the first 10 minutes of their World Cup qualifier on Saturday and then hung on to win 2-1 and send their fans into a frenzy as they celebrated with fireworks.
A loss for every rape victim M ost people are relieved to stop hearing the ugly story about the alleged rape of a 19-year-old hotel worker by a popular NBA star.
Lemieux set to face Russia once again It was Sept. 15, 1987, and Mario Lemieux scored the winning goal against Russia at Copps Coliseum in Hamilton to capture the Canada Cup.
Its time for the men in white coats, Sir Clive According to those who were there, an almost palpable tension hung in the air at that Twickenham press conference on Friday, as Sir Clive Woodward delivered his withering denunciation of English rugby by way of a parting speech from his job as national 
Utility discounts planned for poor As many as 225,000 low-income Massachusetts families may become automatically eligible for discounts of 20 percent and more on gas and electric service next month under a new policy adopted yesterday by state regulators.
Hostage crisis unites French communities The Muslim community in France has supported the government ban on headscarfs, but, asks Hugh Schofield in Paris, was that unity based on fear of a backlash?
 #39;We guarantee we won #39;t apply death penalty - so let us extradite &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Equatorial Guinea is willing to guarantee that it would not use the death penalty if it were allowed to extradite Sir Mark Thatcher and other British citizens 
No. 10 W.Virginia Tops E.Carolina, 56-23 (AP) AP - Kay-Jay Harris rushed for a school-record 337 yards and four touchdowns to lead No. 10 West Virginia to a 56-23 victory over East Carolina on Saturday night.
Canadian Golf Star Moe Norman, 75, Dies (AP) AP - Moe Norman, the eccentric Canadian golf star whose amazingly accurate swing dazzled tour stars for many years, died Saturday. He was 75.
South Korean Lab Says Uranium Test Repeated 3 Times (Reuters) Reuters - South Korean government scientists\conducted unsanctioned uranium enrichment tests three times in\2000 but they were repeated procedures of a single experiment,\a spokesman at the state-run atomic research center said on\Sunday.
Kerry's Wife Treated, Released from Iowa Hospital (Reuters) Reuters - Teresa Heinz Kerry, wife of\Democratic presidential nominee John Kerry, was taken to\hospital in Iowa on Saturday complaining of an upset stomach\and was released after routine tests, a spokeswoman said.
South Korean Lab Says Uranium Test Repeated 3 Times  SEOUL (Reuters) - South Korean government scientists  conducted unsanctioned uranium enrichment tests three times in  2000 but they were repeated procedures of a single experiment,  a spokesman at the state-run atomic research center said on  Sunday.
Catch-up babies have weak chests Babies slow to grow in the womb who play catch-up in their first weeks of life after birth risk chest illnesses, research shows.
Bad night, Vienna: England suffer from James calamity Flattery and deception are becoming England #39;s stock-in-trade. They managed to open a two-goal lead over Austria despite lacking inspiration but then conceded two goals in two minutes midway through the second 
Clemson Wins in 2OT Charlie Whitehurst threw an 11-yard touchdown pass to Kyle Browning in the second overtime that lifted No. 15 Clemson to a 37-30 victory over Wake Forest on Saturday.
Drug-ordering systems get a boost Nearly 70 percent of Massachusetts hospitals have failed to install special computer systems for ordering drugs for patients, mostly because they carry big price tags. But a new report from the Massachusetts Technology Collaborative says the state's hospitals would end up saving money if they install these sophisticated systems to reduce medical errors.
Rutgers Shocks Mich. St. Freshman Jeremy Ito kicked four field goals and Ryan Neill scored on a 31-yard interception return to lead improving Rutgers to a 19-14 victory on Saturday over visiting Michigan State.
Ireton Gets Historic Win The Rodriguez brothers help Bishop Ireton beat Bishop O'Connell for the first time in 32 years on Saturday.
It Takes Time to Judge the True Impact of New Technology About this time last year, I wrote a column following up on some pieces I #39;d written earlier to see what if anything new had happened to those topics.
The Week Ahead Commerce Undersecretary Grant D. Aldonas arrives in Beijing for talks on textiles and other trade issues. US Chamber of Commerce opens small-business summit.
Markets Quiet With GOP in New York The GOP convention came to New York last week and Wall Street did . . . well, not much. Many traders and money managers fled the city to avoid convention-related headaches.
Mobile Mappers Stop Short of Ideal Thanks to such free mapping sites as MapQuest and Yahoo Maps, it #39;s been a while since road warriors have had to sketch out a route with a yellow highlighter, guessing which shortcuts to take or avoid.
With Charley on Their Minds, Floridians Brace for Round 2 Al Cialella is from Philadelphia, where he always thought of  quot;sturdy quot; oak trees as symbols of strength. He never knew that in central Florida, the water table 
Ichiro goes 5-for-5, needs 35 hits to break record Ichiro leads the majors with 223 hits, 34 short of the all-time single-season record. He has 27 games remaining to reach the record of 257 hits, set by George Sisler in 1920 with the St.
Death threat to Turkish driver CAIRO: Iraqi militants threatened to behead a Turkish truck driver if his employers and the Kuwaiti contractor it works for don #39;t cease their operations in Iraq within 48 hours, according to a video tape aired on Al Arabiya yesterday.
Putin Urges Strength; School Toll Tops 340 (AP) AP - A shaken President Vladimir Putin made a rare and candid admission of Russian weakness Saturday in the face of an "all-out war" by terrorists after more than 340 people  #151; nearly half of them children  #151; were killed in a hostage-taking at a southern school.
Jobs Data Hold Promise of Stronger Growth (AP) AP - Employers stepped up hiring in August, expanding payrolls by 144,000 and lowering the unemployment rate marginally to 5.4 percent. While the figures didn't amount to a national job fair, analysts said, they did hold out the promise of stronger growth following the summer lull.
Brewers Best Slumping Reds, 7-3 (AP) AP - Russell Branyan and Keith Ginter each hit three-run homers, rookie Ben Hendrickson earned his first major league victory, and the Milwaukee Brewers sent the Cincinnati Reds to their fifth straight loss with a 7-3 victory Saturday night.
U.S. Wins World Cup Qualifying Semis (AP) AP - Brian Ching got another big goal, and the United States received the gift of jewelry. Ching scored just five minutes in on the Americans' first shot, and El Salvador was forced to play a man short after a defender was ejected midway through the first half for wearing a gold chain. Landon Donovan went on to score a second-half goal, and the United States won 2-0 Saturday to move into good position to advance to the regional finals of qualifying for the 2006 World Cup.
Brodeur Leads Canada Past Distracted Russia in Hockey  TORONTO (Reuters) - A Russian team moved by tragedy could  not beat an inspired Martin Brodeur as Canada claimed a 3-1 win  over their rivals on Saturday to finish unbeaten in round-robin  play at the World Cup of Hockey.
Pope makes final journey of year The Pope will visit Italy's Adriatic coast for a beatification ceremony in his last journey of the year outside Rome.
Global Crossing founder, others likely to be fined under SEC pact Global Crossing Ltd. founder Gary Winnick and at least two other executives are likely to be fined under an agreement that will end a Securities and Exchange Commission probe into the company's accounting, people familiar with the matter said.
Microsoft XP SP2 Update And Spyware Conflict If you have spyware installed on your computer system and you update your operating system with the latest Windows XP Service pack 2 (SP2) update, your computer could possibly freeze.
NL Wrap: Giants Rally for Big Win (Reuters) Reuters - Marquis Grissom hit a grand slam\homer and the San Francisco Giants rallied from a six run\deficit to defeat the Arizona Diamondbacks 9-7 in National\League play on Saturday.
NL Wrap: Giants Rally for Big Win  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Marquis Grissom hit a grand slam  homer and the San Francisco Giants rallied from a six run  deficit to defeat the Arizona Diamondbacks 9-7 in National  League play on Saturday.
Iraq Injury Count Rose About 1,100 U.S. soldiers and Marines were wounded during August, by far the highest combat toll for any month since war began.
Shanghai to Honor Its Jewish Legacy  SHANGHAI -- Saul Marmer, a retired Cincinnati shoe retailer, peeled away from his tour group the other day to reflect on a special moment in Shanghai's long and eventful history. As summer rain bathed the city, and its residents raced about in their relentless drive to accumulate wealth, Marmer, 79, ducked into the Ohel Moishe Synagogue.
Afghan Blast Has Alarming Implications  NAIK NAM, Afghanistan -- Saher Gul was chalking a long division lesson on the blackboard of his two-room village school. Twenty-five boys, ages 9 to 19, were sitting cross-legged on the dirt floor. Suddenly the earthen walls and ceiling exploded and collapsed, smothering the class in a mountain of rubble.
India, Pakistan Extend Peace Talks   NEW DELHI, Sept. 4 -- India and Pakistan agreed Saturday to widen peace talks that focus on eight festering issues, including the decades-old dispute over the Himalayan region of Kashmir.
Markets brace for fresh hurricane Hurricane Frances is pushing up commodity prices and weighing on insurance company stocks as it heads for the Florida coast. Orange juice prices hit nine-month highs on the New York Board of Trade on Thursday 
Enron CEO #39;s Firm Seeks  #39;Success Fee #39; The firm led by Enron Corp. #39;s (ENRNQ.PK: Quote, Profile, Research) acting chief executive asked a bankruptcy judge for a \$25 million  quot;success fee quot; for its efforts in 
Australia makes steady start at Lord #39;s Pakistan has taken two quick wickets to have Australia in trouble at 4-115 off 27 overs in their one-day international at Lord #39;s.
Feminist anger as Bryant rape case is dropped The dismissal of rape charges against the basketball superstar Kobe Bryant caused ripples of disquiet yesterday among feminist activists and legal experts, who said the young 
United States 3, Slovakia 1 Team USA finally showed some energy in the World Cup of Hockey, beating Slovakia 3-1 Friday for its first win in the tournament. Bill Guerin, Jason Blake and Bryan Smolinski scored for the younger, quicker 
No. 18 Missouri 52, Arkansas St. 20 Brad Smith threw for 233 yards and three touchdowns and ran for 63 yards and another score to help No. 18 Missouri rout Arkansas State 52-20 on Saturday night in the season-opener for both teams.
Nasdaq chipped by Intel NEW YORK (CNN/Money) - Technology stocks sank Friday after Intel Corp., the world #39;s largest chipmaker, disappointed investors by slashing its revenue forecast.
Man wanted for violent home invasion in U.S. arrested outside Toronto (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - TORONTO (CP) - A man wanted for allegedly tying up three adults and setting fire to their car in Washington state was scheduled to appear in a Toronto court Tuesday after Canadian officials found him hiding in a Newmarket, Ont., home.
Slowing Housing Market May Stir Inflation  NEW YORK (Reuters) - As U.S. home purchases slow, an  expected rise in demand for rentals will result in a spike in  inflation, analysts say, citing studies showing housing costs  have been under-reported by the government.
Sluggish Frances Cuts Power to 2M in Fla. FORT PIERCE, Fla. - Massive Hurricane Frances trudged toward land with 105 mph wind and pelting rain late Saturday, knocking out power to 2 million people and forcing Floridians to endure a frightening night amid roaring gales that shredded roofs and uprooted trees...
Hoyas Breeze Georgetown broke its four-year losing streak in season openers by defeating St. Francis (Pa.), 36-7, Saturday in a nonconference game before 1,671 at Harbin Field.
North Texas Mean Green AUSTIN, Texas (Ticker) -- Cedric Benson and Selvin Young allowed No. 8 Texas to run away with a season-opening win. Benson rushed for 183 yards and two touchdowns and Young added a career-high 101 and two 
Kansas St. Wildcats Sproles ran for 221 yards and a touchdown to lead Kansas State to a lackluster 27-13 victory over Division I-AA Western Kentucky in the season opener for both teams.
Arkansas St. Indians COLUMBIA, Missouri (Ticker) -- No. 17 Missouri went out and proved it was deserving of its first preseason ranking since 1980. The Tigers scored 21 points in less than 10 minutes and went on to trounce Arkansas 
Russian hostage tragedy: Putin takes stock of massacre at school Russian President Vladimir Putin arrived in Beslan on Saturday, one day after the violent end of a hostage drama at a school in the North Caucasus town claimed the lives of at least 250 adults and children and terrorized the community.
Kashmir peace dialogue resumes in India India and Pakistan resolved to widen their peace dialogue yesterday as they discussed festering issues including their decades-old dispute over Kashmir.
Iraq reels under sabotage, bombs Saboteurs set ablaze oil pipelines in both northern and southern Iraq yesterday, threatening to further cripple the country #39;s ailing economy and send world prices back upwards.
European stability pact watered down Bowing to the inevitable -- following persistent breaches of the rules by the eurozone #39;s two most powerful members, Germany and France -- Brussels announced plans that would make the pact less rigid.
APEC forum of finance chiefs stresses role of gov #39;t,institutions The 11th meeting of finance ministers of the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation forum (APEC) concluded on Friday, highlighting the role of governments and financial institutions 
Aide: Kerry Would Shift Trade Focus Toward WTO Democrat John Kerry probably would put more time and energy into world trade talks and enforcing existing agreements than pursuing bilateral deals like the Bush administration has, a campaign adviser said.
Mutual fund votes show limits to change When corporate America came looking for raises last year, Boston #39;s largest mutual funds routinely turned them down, voting in hundreds of cases against lucrative 
Intel announces milestone in shrinking chips Contradicting fears that the semiconductor industrys pace of development is slowing, Intel Corp. announced it has achieved a milestone in shrinking the size of 
The aliens aren #39;t coming, yet Despite all the reports about SETI discovering a likely signal from an alien civilisation, you shouldn #39;t squint skywards just yet looking for a spherical disc from which little green men will hop out.
Sharapova #39;s heart not in Open With thoughts of those killed by captors in her native Russia, the Wimbledon champion says it  quot;just shows that my loss is a little thing.
Singh takes two-shot lead, Woods tied for second Fiji #39;s Vijay Singh fashioned an eight-under par 63 on Saturday to take a two-shot second-round lead on 131 in the Deutsche Bank Championship.
A costly case The decision by Colorado prosecutors Wednesday to drop the rape case against NBA star Kobe Bryant ends a massive legal and social debacle in a way that leaves no one looking good.
Revamped US squad dumps Slovakia CBC SPORTS ONLINE - After suffering two straight defeats at the World Cup of Hockey, US coach Ron Wilson overhauled his lineup Friday with hopes of getting his team a victory.
Canada still can #39;t be beat Canada beat Russia 3-1 Saturday night in Toronto. Team Canada is now rolling on all cylinders and is getting scoring from everywhere.
Putin vows to strengthen security Russian President Vladi mir Putin visits a victim of the besieged school at a hospital in Beslan, September 4, 2004. Putin ordered a crackdown in seething southern Russia after a school siege killed at least 
Frances to have limited local effect Hurricane Frances is expected to have limited effects on beachgoers heading to the Cape, the islands, or Rhode Island for the rest of Labor Day weekend 
Clearing a path to peace NAIROBIAs ethnic violence continues in Sudan, and the government and southern rebels pursue a deal that appears increasingly elusive, a group of Sudanese women are working toward making peace with one another.
Slowing Housing Market May Stir Inflation (Reuters) Reuters - As U.S. home purchases slow, an\expected rise in demand for rentals will result in a spike in\inflation, analysts say, citing studies showing housing costs\have been under-reported by the government.
Signs of Discord Emerge as Indo-Pak Ministers Meet (Reuters) Reuters - Signs of discord emerged between\India and Pakistan as foreign ministers from the nuclear armed\rivals prepared to meet on Sunday to review and advance a peace\process that has faltered recently over Kashmir.
US economic outlook depends on where you stand (AFP) AFP - The best of times, or the worst of times. The US economy is the strongest in years, or is mired in the deepest employment crisis in decades.
Open-Federer Hits Form, Misery for Sharapova  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Roger Federer and Andre Agassi stayed  on course for a quarter-final showdown at the U.S. Open on  Saturday, but Maria Sharapova and Carlos Moya were heading home  after shock third-round exits.
World Needs More Oil Capacity -Watchdog  SYDNEY (Reuters) - An extra 3 million barrels per day (bpd)  of production capacity worldwide is needed to avoid another  year of blistering oil prices, International Energy Agency  (IEA) executive director Claude Mandil warned on Sunday.
The Fall Hunt Is On at Arrowhead To see the Kansas City Chiefs' offensive line in action is like watching one giant shell game, with large, mobile men sliding from side to side, hiding Priest Holmes in the backfield.
In a Matchup Against Youth, Age Triumphs Tennis's onetime "It" girl met up with the weary one of the present, and Mary Pierce, wiser and calmer at 29, prevailed over the 17-year-old Maria Sharapova.
Nonunion firms hit ironworkers with suit Six New England steel-working firms have filed an antitrust lawsuit against one of Boston's most powerful and politically connected unions, alleging that the labor group has conspired to shut out nonunion companies from major construction projects in the region.
Dollar daze The dollar is falling, so the smart money is moving into international stocks and mutual funds, right?
TiVo, Cable or Satellite? Choose That Smart TV Wisely Though technophiles are the ones who usually like to brag about their electronic toys, recently, even tech novices have started crowing about their digital video recorders.
Stranded Britons party up a storm Hundreds of British families stranded in Florida are stocking up on treats and holding hurricane parties.
Mystics Blown Out The Washington Mystics shoot just 25 percent from the field and lose 69-42 in Indiana on Saturday night.
Illegal Research and Patents \\If the US makes Stem Cell research illegal, and a company in a foreign country\(say Japan), develops a cure for a desease (say Cancer, or Alzheimers), can\said company file a patent in the US?\\I assume so... seems like a pretty good reason to make Stem Cell research legal.\\
Law firm told to pay \$7.2m for negligence A state judge has ordered the Boston law firm of Rubin and Rudman to pay \$7.2 million plus as much as \$2.1 million more in attorneys fees to settle charges that it negligently misrepresented the status of legal proceedings against its client, West Lynn Creamery, during negotiations to sell the dairy in 1998.
No. 4 LSU Edges Oregon State 22-21 in OT BATON ROUGE, La. - LSU can thank an Oregon State kicker who could not make extra points for its season-opening victory...
Putin, As School Toll Tops 350, Vows Fight BESLAN, Russia - A shaken President Vladimir Putin made a rare and candid admission of Russian weakness Saturday in the face of an "all-out war" by terrorists after more than 350 people - nearly half of them children - were killed in a hostage-taking at a southern school.    Putin went on national television to tell Russians they must mobilize against terrorism...
Frances Roars Into Fla., Cuts Power to 2M FORT PIERCE, Fla. - Massive Hurricane Frances trudged ashore with 115 mph wind and pelting rain late Saturday, knocking out power to 2 million people and forcing Floridians to endure a frightening night amid roaring gales that shredded roofs and uprooted trees...
Problems Abound in Election System When Americans go to the polls in November, they will confront a voting system beset by many of the same problems that produced the bitterly disputed outcome four years ago.
Fed having a change of space Apparently the mammoth Federal Reserve building going up at 1801 Allen Parkway didn #39;t need to be quite so big after all. It turns out that a portion of the 300,000-square-foot property originally 
Kmart to sell 45 stores to Sears for \$524 million Kmart Holding Corp. (KMRT.O: Quote, Profile, Research) said on Thursday it would sell 45 stores for \$524 million to Sears, Roebuck and Co.
Continental isn #39;t funding its pension plan this year Continental Airlines, the fifth-largest US carrier, yesterday said it will skip contributions to employee pension plans this year, taking advantage of a law enacted in April to conserve cash.
1,600 Ford workers to be furloughed The 1,600 workers at a Ford Motor Co. plant in Minnesota will be furloughed for three weeks as Ford cuts production of the Ranger pickup truck.
Iran Plans to Launch Satellite by May 2005 Iran said Thursday it would launch its first satellite into space by May 2005, state television reported. Mohammad Fathi, head of Iran #39;s Scientific and Industrial Research Center, said the 
Instant Analysis: Oregon State at LSU If you #39;re a romantic who thinks about sports the way Grantland Rice wrote about the Four Horsemen of Notre Dame, this exhausting, wrenching battle between Oregon State and Louisiana State represented everything that makes college football a supreme 
Mercury 63, Storm 55 Behind 18 points each from Diana Taurasi and Penny Taylor, the Phoenix Mercury kept their playoff hopes alive by knocking off the second-place team in the Western Conference.
Putin asks Russians to unite against  #39;war #39; In a rare address to his nation at a time of grave crisis, President Vladimir Putin said Saturday that the school siege in the southern city of Beslan was an attack on all of Russia 
A close battle for No. 1 (minus the polls) NORTON, MASS. - Forget college football: The best battle for No. 1 might be taking place on a golf course outside of Boston. Vijay Singh - the No.
VENUS SETS UP CLASH WITH ARCH RIVAL Venus Williams set up a clash with arch rival Lindsay Davenport after beating fellow American Chanda Rubin 7-6 (7/4) 6-3 in the third round of the US Open at Flushing Meadow.
IT #39;s North Texas Game Picks IT #39;s Bill Frisbie, Michael Pearle and Clendon Ross give you their picks, and the reasoning behind those picks, in Saturday #39;s game between Texas and North Texas.
I lost my temper, I am sorry: Woodward Former England rugby coach Sir Clive Woodward apologised in an interview published on Sunday for a viscious outburst directed at club owners and directors of rugby at a press conference last week confirming his resignation.
Homemade booze kills 18 AT least 18 people have died after drinking tainted homemade liquor in Pakistan #39;s eastern Punjab province. Two of the men were dead on arrival at Nishtar Hospital in Multan, and six others died in intensive 
Hebron #39;s middle classes choose America rather than martyrdom Tareq Natsha is fresh out of secondary school and about to join a growing exodus: young, middle-class Palestinians who are leaving their West Bank homes with their families #39; blessing 
China flash floods leave 19 dead Landslides and flash floods triggered by torrential rain in south western China leave 19 people dead and 21 missing.
Center of Eye of Frances Makes Landfall STUART, Fla. - Hurricane Frances howled ashore at Florida's east coast early Sunday with sustained wind of 105 mph and pelting rain, knocking out power to 2 million people and forcing Floridians to endure a frightening night amid roaring gales that shredded roofs and uprooted trees...
As School Toll Tops 350, Putin Vows Fight BESLAN, Russia - A shaken President Vladimir Putin made a rare and candid admission of Russian weakness Saturday in the face of an "all-out war" by terrorists after more than 350 people - nearly half of them children - were killed in a hostage-taking at a southern school.    Putin went on national television to tell Russians they must mobilize against terrorism...
Body of Egyptian Hostage Found in Iraq - Police (Reuters) Reuters - The body of an Egyptian who was\kidnapped in Iraq last month has been found in northern Iraq,\Iraqi police said on Sunday.
NL Wrap: Bonds Kept at Bay But Giants Rally for Win  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Marquis Grissom hit a grand slam  homer and the San Francisco Giants rallied from a six run  deficit to defeat the Arizona Diamondbacks 9-7 in National  League play on Saturday.
Body of Egyptian Hostage Found in Iraq - Police  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - The body of an Egyptian who was  kidnapped in Iraq last month has been found in northern Iraq,  Iraqi police said on Sunday.
State seen missing out on tourism opportunity Europeans are flocking to the United States to shop, drawn by a weak dollar that promises cheap holiday shopping excursions. But some say Massachusetts businesses are missing out because \$2 million earmarked for international tourism marketing is sitting untouched.
Violence kills at least 42 in Iraq Violence flared in Iraq on Saturday with a suicide car bomb attack in Kirkuk, a joint US-Iraqi offensive on Latifiya, and heavy clashes between US forces and insurgents in Tall Afar, leaving at least 42 dead.
Hundreds march in Nepal for peace Hundreds of people marched in Katmandu on Sunday, waving banners urging religious tolerance in wake of riots over the killing of 12 Nepalese hostages by Iraqi insurgents.
Pakistani home brew kills 31 A toxic batch of home-brewed alcohol has killed 31 people in several towns in central Pakistan, police and hospital officials say.
Bush, Kerry battle over jobs report President Bush and Democratic challenger John Kerry on Friday seized on a Labor Department report showing the US expanded payrolls by 144,000 and lowered the unemployment level to 5.4 percent 
Hollinger Money Funded Lavish Lifestyle Between 1997 and 2003, Conrad Black and his associates personally received in cash up to 92.5 percent of Hollinger #39;s entire adjusted net income -- much of it to keep the various Black households 
Does a Tiger Lurk in the Middle of a Fearful Symmetry? Environmentalists, who have recognized the demilitarized zone between North and South Korea as a wildlife refuge, are pressing to preserve it.
Dog Medicine Is Recalled at Request of F.D.A. A time-released medication used to prevent heartworm in millions of dogs was recalled after thousands of dogs suffered adverse reactions.
WORLD CUP 2006 QUALIFYING: Ching and Donovan lead US past El &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The United States got goals from San Jose Earthquakes Brian Ching and Landon Donovan to in a 2-0 win over El Salvador in the semifinal round of qualifying for the 2006 World Cup on Saturday in front of 25,266 fans at Gillette Stadium in Foxboro, Mass.
Beslan: first funerals taking place The first funerals for the victims of the Russian school siege are due to be held. Survivors of the atrocity are still recovering in hospitals in and around the town of Beslan.
ASEAN pushes ahead trade liberalization Economic ministers of the 10-member Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN) finally agreed to beef up their commitment to push ahead the program of 
Gaza Gunmen Seize Governor's Office in Protest (Reuters) Reuters - Masked gunmen occupied the Palestinian\governor's office in a southern Gaza Strip town on Sunday,\demanding compensation for Israeli raids in a protest that\added to signs of growing lawlessness.
Govt sticks to army law despite protests (Reuters) Reuters - The home minister has ruled out lifting an unpopular law giving the army widespread powers of arrest in the country's remote northeast, despite two months of bitter protests in Manipur.
Gaza Gunmen Seize Governor's Office in Protest  GAZA (Reuters) - Masked gunmen occupied the Palestinian  governor's office in a southern Gaza Strip town on Sunday,  demanding compensation for Israeli raids in a protest that  added to signs of growing lawlessness.
Probe of gifts said to focus on Fidelity Federal regulators have subpoenaed Fidelity Investments and several brokerage firms that handle the stock-trading business for the mutual fund giant, seeking information about gifts and expensive perks Fidelity traders may have accepted from the brokerage firms, according to attorneys involved in the case.
Active Duty Military Attending the RNC A   recent report  filed by the Associated Press contained a startling bit of information:      About 15 percent of the 4,800-plus delegates and alternates to the convention in New York are veterans, organizers said Monday. An additional 3 percent are active military personnel.      This report was   displayed prominently  on the Republican National  Committee's website, and   lauded gleefully  by the fine folks at Free Republic, among others    As it turns out though, it's actually not such a good thing to have active-duty military anywhere near a political convention - if you value your democracy.  In fact, up until just a few days before the convention, it was quite illegal for active-duty military even to attend.  And yet, there it was in black and white.  Active duty military members were not only attending, but participating as delegates in the RNC.  How could this happen?    
Randall, Russell complement each other in Tigers #39; win After spending most of the spring and fall preseason trying to stem talk of a quarterback controversy, LSU coach Nick Saban braced himself for questions about the Tigers #39; signal-callers Saturday night.
Ministers Discuss Kashmir Dispute The foreign ministers of India and Pakistan met today to try to find a lasting resolution to the dispute over Kashmir, the cause of two wars between the nuclear rivals.
Hurricane Frances Kills Two In Bahamas NASSAU, Bahamas, Sun. Sept. 5: At least two people are dead in the Bahamas and several others injured, victims of Hurricane Frances.
EU to attend ASEM summit, but Myanmar remains cloud (AFP) AFP - The European Union will after all attend a summit with key Asian states next month after resolving a row over military-ruled Myanmar, while insisting it stands firm against Yangon.
Vanuatu government tells Australian police they're not wanted (AFP) AFP - Vanuatu's new government has told Australian Federal Police on assignment in the Pacific island nation to leave the country by September 15, officials in Canberra said.
Paris showcase for Apple's vision Apple has been showing off in Paris what we can expect from the company in the coming months.
Center of Eye of Frances Makes Landfall STUART, Fla. - Hurricane Frances crashed ashore at Florida's east coast early Sunday with sustained wind of 105 mph and pelting rain, knocking out power to 2 million people and forcing Floridians to endure a frightening night amid roaring gales that shredded roofs and uprooted trees...
Ways to cope with emergencies  quot;No one around here cares about the customers, quot; the Northwest Airlines agent ruefully told me on the phone. My father-in-law had just died, and I was frantically trying to get two of our kids 
Sharapova falls; Agassi, Federer in fourth round Roger Federer, of Switzerland, returns to Fabrice Santoro, of France, at the US Open tennis tournament in New York on Saturday. NEW YORK - Maria Sharapovas drive to win another Grand Slam title got dashed 
Roundup: Gold chain, Ching help US men win Brian Ching got another big goal, and the US men #39;s soccer team received the gift of jewelry. Ching, a former standout for the Seattle Sounders and Gonzaga, scored 
Game of the day: Cut! Red Sox streak ends The Red Sox lost for the first time in 11 games, falling to the Texas Rangers 8-6 yesterday and missing a chance to pull 1-1/2 games behind the New York Yankees in the AL East.
Bellevue (Wash.) ends record streak De La Salle High School lost 39-20 Bellevue (Wash.), ending the Spartans #39; record high school winning streak Saturday night in Seattle.
US mulls new Darfur resolution The United States said on Friday it is preparing a new UN resolution on Darfur and that US Secretary of State Colin Powell might address next week whether the violence in western Sudan constitutes genocide.
Asian parties hope to deepen exchanges: Senior CPC official All Asian political parties share the hope of further deepening their exchanges and cooperation in the 21st century, said Liu Yunshan, a member of the Political Bureau of the CPC Central Committee on Sunday.
Changes in check-processing lie ahead Consumers may notice their monthly bank statements are considerably lighter now that banks no longer have to return paper checks but instead can return digital images or substitute versions of the checks.
Fund finds turnaround opportunities John Keeley, manager of the \$155 million Keeley Small Cap Value Fund, is generating above-average returns by buying shares of US companies that are emerging from bankruptcy or being restructured.
Australia waits on iMacs, iMusic AFTER a two-month delay, Apple has unveiled its new iMac desktop computer which integrates disk drives and processors into a flat display less than two inches (5cm) thick.
Between the seams: Ponson pounces on rank Yanks The New York Yankees can #39;t even push a runner past first base lately, much less find a way to score. Sidney Ponson became the latest pitcher to stop the suddenly punchless 
New tradition starts in California For 54 years, Labor Day weekend meant one thing to NASCAR: a trip to Darlington Raceway for the Southern 500. No more. A new tradition will begin today with the Pop Secret 
Dowdell, receivers struggle Defensive end Ryan Neills 31-yard interception return in the third quarter propelled Rutgers to a 19-14 victory over Michigan State Saturday in the season opener.
Gaza militants seize government building GAZA CITY, Gaza Strip -- Palestinian gunmen seized the governor #39;s office in a southern city on Sunday, demanding aid for families left homeless by an Israeli military operation, witnesses said.
A Better View Into Relationships (TechWeb) TechWeb - Anacubis Desktop 3.0 shows the BI potential of information visualization software.
Is Open Source Imperative? (TechWeb) TechWeb - LinuxWorld speakers say Linux is ready for you; be ready for it.
Here's The Deal (TechWeb) TechWeb - Strategic software acquisition should mark the beginning of a beautiful relationship. But in today's BI market, contract negotiations involve sorting through complex pricing options, maintenance fees, and more. Sage advice will help you become a smarter BI buyer.
Timing Is Everything   Here's just what you need: another complication involving individual retirement accounts.
School toll climbs to nearly 400 as Russia buries its dead (AFP) AFP - The death toll from Russia's school hostage crisis climbed to at least 394 as grieving relatives prepared to bury the first victims while others sifted through overwhelmed morgues for their lost loved ones.
Hidden fees From bank accounts and mortgages to credit cards and car loans, let the buyer beware: Financial fees are on the rise. And many are just waiting to blindside you.
Paris showcase for Apple #39;s vision Some 70,000 Mac fans gathered at Apple Expo 2004 in Paris earlier this week for the largest exhibition of its kind in Europe. The event provided a showcase for just what kind of stylish technology 
Mosh a  #39;wireless mesh #39; Tallahassee #39;s wireless digital canopy has covered the downtown area, including the state Capitol, for more than two years. It was expanded to include Tallahassee Regional Airport in February.
Ponson fills in blanks in O #39;s 7-0 win Heeding the instructions of his manager, Orioles pitching coach Ray Miller walked the length of the dugout yesterday to find Sidney Ponson.
Slide of the Yankees Passed up a chance to chat baseball with a couple of Yankees fans over a brew in a Pacific Beach pub in order to watch a softball game.
Schedule displeases Smith Michigan State played a season opener Saturday on the road for the first time since 1994, when George Perles final season as coach started with a loss at Kansas.
Dorrell #39;s positive spin remains off kilter PASADENA - Progress is gauged differently around college football, and in the case of UCLA, it goes something like this: At no time during a season-opening loss to Oklahoma State yesterday did the Bruins call for a pass and run a reverse.
Biffle bests Mears for Busch win  quot;My car worked so well, quot; Greg Biffle said after winning a duel with Mears to claim the Target House 300 for NASCAR #39;s Busch Series cars.
Surprise! Bonds fails to belt HR SAN FRANCISCO - Barry Bonds reached another milestone on Saturday, but it didn #39;t wipe the frowns from the captains in their kayaks out in McCovey Cove.
Suicide bomber kills 20 outside Kirkuk police academy A suicide attacker detonated a car bomb yesterday outside a police academy in Kirkuk, a city in northern Iraq, as hundreds of trainees and civilians were leaving for the day, killing at least 20 people and wounding 36, authorities said.
E-Guinea to question Thatcher in SA State prosecutors from Equatorial Guinea have requested permission to question Mark Thatcher over his alleged involvement in coup attempt on President Teodoro Obiang Nguema.
Iraqi Oil Exports Not Cut by Yesterday #39;s South Pipeline Breach Iraq is exporting oil normally from the south through its Persian Gulf terminals after a pipeline was breached yesterday, the UK military and two shipping agents said.
Filene's Basement markdown policy gets a makeover after 96 years The downtown Boston Filene's Basement store has quietly altered its 96-year-old ''world famous quot; automatic markdown policy, making consumers wait longer to snare the steepest discounts.
Once highflying, unions hit turbulence Has anyone in the labor movement lost more altitude than the unionized pilots at the nation's biggest airlines? Until recently, they had it all: great pay, great benefits, and a great lifestyle, thanks to work rules that required senior pilots to fly only about 40 hours per month. But like the heroes in a Greek tragedy, the pilots have tumbled ...
Mutual fund votes show limits to change When corporate America came looking for raises last year, Boston's largest mutual funds routinely turned them down, voting in hundreds of cases against lucrative stock and options packages for senior executives, according to proxy-vote data released last week for the first time.
Bank on it: Tour will return NORTON -- Several players said yesterday they were thrilled to hear that the Deutsche Bank Championship has committed for two more years at TPC Boston.
Everyone benefits from accountability It's a benefit to the investors (and, by the way, to the companies seeking venture capital) to have VC Fund performance out in the open (''State discloses venture results, quot; Aug. 25).
In wake of scandals, here's what's ahead It's been a year since New York Attorney General Eliot Spitzer fired the shot heard 'round the mutual fund world.
Chasing the  #145;unbanked #146; Hip-hop mogul Russell Simmons rolled into town this summer with a mission: Get people to the voting booths and banking to the people.
It #146;s so not hip to be Union Square  Its oval promotional stickers, colorless and lowercase, are still everywhere, on parking meters, street signs, and lampposts.
Growth is prime on agenda for Ipswich bank With \$3.9 million in new capital, First National Bank of Ipswich is pushing farther into New Hampshire and may add an investment arm to the \$330 million-asset community bank. And with a new ticker symbol of FIWC, First National is now publicly traded on the Over the Counter Bulletin Board.
Agony of defeat Searching for scapegoats? Try horrormeister Stephen King, who tossed a ceremonial first pitch.
A range of emotions for Texas It didn't take anything so drastic as driving a stake through Manny Ramirez's heart, but to the Texas Rangers, who brought an end to the Red Sox' 10-game winning streak here, it almost felt like that's what was needed to put the Sox in the loss column.  quot;Especially in Boston, quot; said Doug Brocail, the Rangers' 37-year-old reliever who has pulled ...
MVP: Manny, very possibly Manny Ramirez said in the spring that he'd love to win a Most Valuable Player award, but he knows better than to pin his hopes on it, regardless of how well he plays.
For Bellhorn, Rangers' decision is just grand For the second straight game, the Rangers used a lefthanded reliever against Mark Bellhorn even though the switch-hitting second baseman has fared better against lefthanders (.313) than righthanders (.244). Texas opted to try protecting an 8-1 lead by sending out lefthander Ron Mahay yesterday against Bellhorn. Lefthanded hitters were batting .202 against Mahay and righthanders .238. So it was that ...
The cream of the crop Their beacons of hope are Kevin Youkilis , Casey Fossum , and Shea Hillenbrand , prospects who once walked in their spikes and made it to the bigs. Nearly 200 Red Sox farmhands from the Dominican Summer League to Triple A Pawtucket yesterday were close to packing their equipment bags and heading home for the winter after spending the season ...
ESPN ahead of the game Twenty-five years ago this Tuesday, a brash startup cable channel with a strange name began broadcasting. Its goal: Provide sports programming 24 hours a day. The concept behind ESPN was solid, but the execution was shaky in those early days of bouncing a signal off a satellite from a half-built building in a muddy field in then-rural Bristol, Conn. Today, ...
Wakefield outing all over the map The top half of the first inning passed with deceptive speed and ease. Three minutes. Eight pitches. It was quick and efficient even by Tim Wakefield standards. But as with all things pertaining to the knuckleball, fortunes also change in a hurry; some might say they rise and fall with the wind. So, without any warning, an auspicious start quickly ...
Medalist McCann charged in crash Olympic wrestling silver medalist Sara McMann has been charged with careless driving causing death following a crash that killed her boyfriend, the Colorado State Patrol said yesterday. Steven Blackford , 28, a three-time NCAA All-American wrestler at Arizona State, died Friday when the Jeep they were in rolled off the shoulder of Interstate 76 in northeastern Colorado. McMann, 23, of ...
Transactions BASEBALL Anaheim (AL): Activated P Jarrod Washburn from the 15-day DL. Arizona (NL): Recalled OF Doug DeVore from Tucson (PCL).
Edmonds's 300th lifts Cardinals Jim Edmonds hit his 300th career home run, Jason Marquis won his 11th straight decision, and the Cardinals won their eighth in a row, beating the Los Angeles Dodgers, 5-1, last night in St. Louis.
Notables The San Diego Padres retired former All-Star outfielder Tony Gwynn's jersey No. 19. Yankees pitcher Mike Mussina is 0-5 since beating the Mets, 11-6, June 27, including 0-3 since coming off the disabled list.
Vinatieri has gone from footnote to footlights He's a kicker, for crying out loud. So why is Adam Vinatieri so popular? Kickers, after all, are supposed to be outcasts with small facemasks and funny shoes, guys with too many consonants in their last names who trot facelessly on and off the field between the real action.
Lined up for an early start The Patriots start preparation for Thursday's season opener today, treating practice as they would a Wednesday session during a week leading up to a Sunday game. Led by head coach Bill Belichick , they move on to the regular season with little reflection of the five weeks of training camp.
Dolphins seek Williams money The Miami Dolphins have filed a grievance against Ricky Williams , asking an arbitrator to uphold the team's contractual right to recover \$8.6 million paid to the recently retired running back in signing bonus and incentives, the Miami Herald reported on its website yesterday.
An unqualified success FOXBOROUGH -- San Jose Earthquakes coach Dominic Kinnear had just finished watching as two of his players, Brian Ching and Landon Donovan, scored for the United States in a 2-0 win over El Salvador in a World Cup qualifying match yesterday.
Fashion statement: US takes charge in Cup qualifier FOXBOROUGH -- Maybe the US Soccer folks have been going about this all wrong. Maybe they should cut a deal with The Shopping Channel people for bulk jewelry and spread it around to their playmates from Mexico, Costa Rica, and Honduras. What easier, cheaper way to get to the World Cup?
Revolution kept down by Brown FOXBOROUGH -- Chris Brown, who helped launch the Revolution's rally late last season with key goals, might have spoiled the Revolution's chances this season, providing a 48th-minute header for the San Jose Earthquakes in a 1-0 victory last night at Gillette Stadium.
Galley doesn't expect a sympathetic reaction Back in the fall of 1994, National Hockey League training camps opened on time, only to close down when the owners and the Players Association failed to reach a collective bargaining agreement. Ultimately, the season was shortened to 48 games. Back then, there was a different kind of unease, as well as a lack of experience with -- and preparedness ...
Stonehill has grand opening Stonehill rolled up 349 yards of total offense in a 23-6 Northeast-10 Conference victory over Assumption yesterday in Easton, snapping a seven-game winless streak dating to last season and winning its first season opener in seven years.
Henne rules the roost in romp for Wolverines ANN ARBOR , Mich. -- Freshman Chad Henne threw for two touchdowns in a surprising start for Michigan, helping the eighth-ranked Wolverines to a 43-10 victory over Miami of Ohio yesterday that ended the nation's longest winning streak.
California proves to be a second-half force AIR FORCE ACADEMY, Colo. -- J.J. Arrington ran for 181 yards and three touchdowns, and Aaron Rodgers threw for 208 yards and a TD to help No. 13 California pull away from Air Force in a 56-14 victory yesterday. The Bears had touchdowns on their first three possessions and put the game away with five more scores in the second ...
Gulls settling in to varsity roost Joining the ranks of collegiate varsity football last year was like starting from scratch for Endicott College coach J.B. Wells and his staff. With so many talented yet inexperienced players forced to play key roles for the second-year program, which had just moved up from the subvarsity level, Wells and his staff were forced to do a lot of teaching.
HC fails to put up it dukes WORCESTER -- Niel Loebig threw for four touchdowns as Duquesne beat Holy Cross, 31-7, yesterday in the season opener for both teams.
Buckeyes' offense earns no style points in victory COLUMBUS, Ohio -- Lydell Ross rushed for 141 yards and a touchdown, and No. 9 Ohio State's defenders stymied Cincinnati in a 27-6 win yesterday.Justin Zwick, seeing his first substantial playing time at quarterback for the Buckeyes, threw two interceptions and had four fumbles in a rough outing. He completed 14 of 26 passes for 213 yards and a touchdown. ...
Benson the catalyst in Longhorns' lambasting AUSTIN, Texas -- Cedric Benson ran for 181 yards and two touchdowns, and No. 7 Texas revved up its punishing rushing attack and overwhelmed North Texas, 65-0, last night.
Lundy, Cavaliers topple Temple with great ease PHILADELPHIA -- Wali Lundy ran for 104 yards and three touchdowns, and Alvin Pearman returned a punt 70 yards for a score to lead No. 16 Virginia to a 44-14 win over Temple yesterday.
A premier performance by Ware in Georgia debut ATHENS, Ga. -- Danny Ware rushed for 135 yards and three touchdown in his college debut, leading No. 3 Georgia to a 48-28 victory over Division 1-AA Georgia Southern yesterday.
Croom's job is history STARKVILLE, Miss. -- It will be different in November, when he makes the 90-mile journey east back to Tuscaloosa, Ala. Tougher, too. More difficult to control the emotions that he has kept in check for so long, since last December when opportunity and availability finally converged, making him a historic figure.
Huskies score a lopsided win BROOKLINE -- By halftime, with a 41-0 lead over Cheyney University, the only question that remained for Northeastern was whether the final score of this year's season opener at Parsons Field would exceed last year's 78-6 shellacking of Stonehill.
Wildcats spring Sproles for another huge game MANHATTAN, Kan. -- Darren Sproles ran for 221 yards and a touchdown on 42 carries, leading No. 12 Kansas State to a season-opening 27-13 victory over Division 1-AA Western Kentucky last night.
Early outburst gives Gophers smooth sailing MINNEAPOLIS -- Bryan Cupito was 10 of 12 for 279 yards and a touchdown in his first start, and No. 25 Minnesota's running backs picked up where they left off last season in a 63-21 rout of Toledo last night.
Shanks a lot BATON ROUGE, La. -- Louisiana State can thank an Oregon State kicker who could not make extra points for its season-opening victory.
Badgers win opener but may have lost Davis MADISON, Wis. -- John Stocco threw two touchdown passes and ran for another score in his first start for No. 21 Wisconsin, which routed Central Florida, 34-6, yesterday.
Hawkeyes make sure Flashes don't pan out IOWA CITY, Iowa -- Drew Tate threw two touchdown passes in his first start and No. 19 Iowa turned in a dominating defensive performance to blast Kent State, 39-7, in its season opener yesterday.
White helps Oklahoma get off to a fresh start NORMAN, Okla. -- Jason White was 21 of 31 for 238 yards and three touchdowns and No. 2 Oklahoma ended its first two-game losing streak since 1999 with a 40-24 victory over Bowling Green in its opener yesterday.Kejuan Jones rushed for a career-high 148 yards to lead Oklahoma. Adrian Peterson, the Sooners' top-rated high school recruit, flashed brilliance with a ...
Montana pulls rank Colorado transfer Craig Ochs passed for 217 yards and three touchdowns yesterday to lead Montana to a 27-20 victory over Maine in the opener for both teams in Missoula, Mont.
Clemson needs two OTs to dump Wake Forest CLEMSON, S.C. -- Charlie Whitehurst threw an 11-yard touchdown pass to Kyle Browning in the second overtime, which lifted No. 15 Clemson to a 37-30 victory over Wake Forest yesterday.
Pierce outshines Sharapova Nine Saturdays ago, the answer was Maria Sharapova, the 6-foot Siberian who made the opposition at Wimbledon seem like seven female dwarfs.
Yankee batters hit wall Sidney Ponson pitched a two-hitter for his fourth career shutout, and Rafael Palmeiro hit one of the Baltimore Orioles #39; three homers yesterday in a 7-0 victory in New York over the suddenly punchless Yankees.
MSU counting on Dortch during homecoming at Rutgers Tyrell Dortch #39;s homecoming will be triumphant regardless of how Michigan State #39;s season-opener against Rutgers turns out. There was a time in 2001 when doctors claimed a major victory on 
Bryant prosecutor may have hurt re-election bid Mark Hurlbert, the prosecutor who spent hundreds of thousands of dollars preparing a case against Los Angeles Lakers star Kobe Bryant before dismissing it, may pay dearly for his decision at the polls in November.
Singh goes low (63) to reach heights NORTON -- There was a warm twilight some 10 hours after the golf had begun, and after a day filled with birdies, eagles, and red numbers, it had come down to this: David Duval standing over a 2 1/2-foot putt to make the cut, while in the fairway some 200 yards away, Vijay Singh waited anxiously for a chance to ...
Sudan committed to resolving Darfur crisis: Bashir KHARTOUM, Sept 4 (AFP) -- Sudanese President Omar el-Bashir declared that he was committed to resolving the crisis in the troubled western Darfur region amid international criticism that his government was not doing enough to stop what the UN has 
Saboteurs Blow Up Pipeline Saboteurs blew up an oil pipeline in southern Iraq early today in the latest attack targeting the countrys crucial oil industry, police and oil officials said.
His status is not in the pink NORTON -- Had the numbers shaken out a bit differently, spectators at today's third round of the Deutsche Bank Championship would have had some color with their morning coffee.
4-shot lead for Kerr Cristie Kerr shot her second straight 9-under-par 63 yesterday to take a four-stroke lead into the final round of the State Farm Classic in Springfield, Ill.
Mission inside the fault zone BBC correspondent David Shukman meets the scientists who are drilling into California's San Andreas fault.
Week in review DETROIT - The chairman of the world #39;s largest automaker says whoever wins the US presidential race must work across party lines to solve the nation #39;s health care crisis.
French Leaders Discuss Hostage Crisis in Iraq (Reuters) Reuters - French leaders began high-level meetings\on Sunday on the fate of two French hostages in Iraq after\Foreign Minister Michel Barnier returned to Paris empty-handed\from a Middle East rescue mission.
ASEAN, Australia, N.Zealand See 2007 Pact  JAKARTA (Reuters) - Southeast Asian nations, Australia and  New Zealand hope to conclude a free trade agreement (FTA) by  2007 after beginning formal negotiations next year, Australian  Trade Minister Mark Vaile said on Sunday.
Russia School Siege Town Prepares to Bury Dead  BESLAN, Russia (Reuters) - The sound of weeping mothers who  lost their children in the bloody end to Russia's school siege  drifted out of the houses of Beslan on Sunday as relatives  prepared to bury the first of 333 people killed.
Russia blasts EU crisis statement Dutch Foreign Minister Bernard Bot tries to defuse a row over a EU statement on Russia's handling of the hostage crisis.
'Suicide pact' leads to tragedy A teenager dies from a suspected drugs overdose after apparently making a suicide pact with her best friend.
Death toll soars to 322 in Russia school siege BESLAN, Russia -- Hundreds of children, their parents, and teachers died in the bloody culmination of a 52-hour siege that began when heavily armed Muslim guerrillas stormed their school Wednesday and ended in hours of battle with Russian troops Friday.
Militants threaten to kill Turk hostage  CAIRO -- Iraqi militants threatened to behead a Turkish truck driver if his company and the Kuwaiti contractor it works for did not stop their operations in Iraq within 48 hours, according to a videotape aired on Arab television yesterday.
Shrinking population threatens an ancient faith  BOMBAY -- For centuries, this city has been the citadel where Zoroastrianism, one of the world's oldest religions, has persevered in the face of overwhelming odds.
India and Pakistan agree to widen peace dialogue  NEW DELHI -- Nuclear rivals India and Pakistan agreed yesterday to widen their peace dialogue in talks that focused on eight festering issues, including the decades-old dispute over the Himalayan region of Kashmir.
South Korean adoptees encounter hurdles in search for roots KUNSAN, South Korea -- The clerk in the police station gives a quizzical look to the young woman in the short green sundress. She has Korean features, but something about her manner and the sweep of her ponytail is distinctly American.
Damascus rebuffs UN on Lebanon ties Syria said yesterday it would deepen ties with Lebanon, despite a UN Security Council resolution warning against outside interference there. The resolution aimed -- in vain -- to head off a vote in Lebanon's parliament to extend the term of the Syrian-backed president, Emile Lahoud, for three years after his current six-year term expires. Many council members regarded the extension ...
Like Democrats, GOP Conventioneers Fail to Lock Down Wireless Newbury Networks #39; wardrive found thousands of unsecured access points around Madison Square Garden, even though the GOP had declared its convention a Wi-Fi free zone.
GREEKS TOPPLED, FRANCE AND TURKEY HELD European champions Greece were given a sharp reminder of the fleeting nature of success in football when they were humbled 2-1 by Albania on Saturday in a World Cup qualifier.
Pre-Human Walked Upright 6 Million Years Ago -Study A chimp-sized human ancestor walked upright 6 million years ago, far earlier than anyone had been able to show before, researchers reported on Thursday.
Rangers top Bosox, ending streak at 10 The Red Sox lost for the first time in 11 games, falling to the Texas Rangers, 8-6, yesterday and missing a chance to pull within 1 1/2 games of the Yankees in the AL East.
Tough stuff for Yanks just beginning You know it #39;s bad when the heaviest hitter on the team in terms of doing damage these past two days turns out to be Kevin Brown, who took the prevailing new theme around Yankee Stadium -  quot;when the goin #39; gets tough, the tough get goin #39;  quot; - just a little 
Pope Celebrates Mass Near Hilltop Shrine (AP) AP - Pope John Paul II traveled to a hilltop shrine near the Adriatic Sea Sunday to celebrate an open-air Mass attended by tens of thousands of pilgrims.
Cotrone wrestling at Oklahoma Dan Cotrone of Hanover, the all-New England Prep All-American heavyweight wrestler at the Tilton School in New Hampshire last year, is now attending the University of Oklahoma and vying for a spot on the Sooners's varsity wrestling team.
Tapit is 2-1 favorite in Pennsylvania Derby BENSALEM, Pa. -- This was supposed to be a salute to Smarty Jones, a run on his home track before a rapturous crowd at Philadelphia Park.
Nikkei Ends Down for 2nd Day  TOKYO (Reuters) - Japan's Nikkei share average fell for a  second straight session on Tuesday, closing 0.99 percent lower  after the dollar's retreat below 103 yen put pressure on  exporters such as Sony Corp.
Standing up to Syria THERE ARE occasions when symbolic gestures in the realm of diplomacy are worth making, and the UN Security Council resolution that Washington and Paris sponsored Thursday to denounce Syria #39;s flagrant manipulation of Lebanese politics was one of those 
S.Korea's Roh Sees Slow Progress in 6-Party Talks (Reuters) Reuters - South Korean President Roh Moo-hyun said\on Sunday he expected only slow progress in the six-nation\talks to end Pyongyang's nuclear ambitions but retained hopes\for a diplomatic resolution.
Two killed in bomb blast in Bangladesh (AFP) AFP - Two people were killed and seven injured in a bomb blast near a military compound on the outskirts of Bangladesh's northeastern city of Sylhet, police said.
Signs of Discord as Indo-Pakistan Ministers Meet  NEW DELHI (Reuters) - Signs of discord emerged between  India and Pakistan as foreign ministers from the nuclear-armed  rivals met on Sunday to review and advance a peace process that  has faltered recently over Kashmir.
Typhoon Songda Batters Southern Japan  TOKYO (Reuters) - High winds and heavy rain lashed Japan's  southernmost prefecture of Okinawa on Sunday, swamping  buildings and stranding holidaymakers, as the third powerful  typhoon in three weeks neared the country's coast.
Bryant #39;s been a trial for city witness Relieved in more ways than one is how a Calgary woman drawn into Kobe Bryant #39;s legal troubles is feeling now the criminal case is closed.
Car bomb kills 20 in Kirkuk A suicide attacker yesterday detonated a car bomb outside an Iraqi police academy, killing 20 people and wounding 36 in the latest attack designed to thwart US-backed efforts 
Massive Hurricane Frances Smothers Florida (Reuters) Reuters - Hurricane Frances smothered eastern\Florida on Sunday with drenching rains and fierce winds that\ripped away roofs, trees and boat moorings and cut power to 1.3\million homes and businesses.
Egyptian found dead in northern Iraq (AFP) AFP - The body of an Egyptian was found on a road north of the Iraqi town of Tikrit, police and medical sources said.
US employment glass is either half-empty or half-full One, an 80-page tract from the conservative Employment Policy Foundation, paints a Horatio Alger portrait of a nation becoming more competitive globally, thanks in part to small-business growth and a surge in self-employment.
Philadelphia joins the list of cities mulling wireless Internet &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; For about \$10 million, city officials believe they can turn all 135 square miles of Philadelphia into the world #39;s largest wireless Internet hot spot.
Appeals court revives Oracle shareholder case While Oracle Corp. awaits a judge #39;s decision on whether it can continue in its quest to acquire PeopleSoft Inc., the company faced a setback in an unrelated case.
Kasprowicz causes dilemma AUSTRALIA captain Ricky Ponting says the form of Michael Kasprowicz has left the world champions with a problem to solve ahead of the ICC Champions Trophy, which gets underway in England this week.
Sachin Is Finally Out Of Champions Trophy London, Sept. 4 (NNN): Master-blaster Sachin Ramesh Tendulkar was finally ruled out of the International Cricket Council (ICC) Champions Trophy starting here on September 10.
One dead after World Cup qualifier One man has died and seven have been injured in clashes between Greek and Albanian fans in Greece following the World Cup qualifier game played between the two countries in Tirana, police say.
Kyushu braces for powerful typhoon A large and powerful typhoon that brought heavy rains and strong winds to Okinawa #39;s main island and Amami Islands Sunday is likely to hit Kyushu Tuesday, the Meteorological Agency said.
Two Killed, 10 Hurt in Latest Bangladesh Blast Two people were killed and 10 wounded in a bomb blast in Bangladesh #39;s northeastern Sylhet town on Sunday, police said. They said the blast occurred outside a cinema hall in the town, 219 miles from Dhaka.
Mid-cap may not be only choice Most experts expect mid-cap #39; #39; stocks, or stocks issued by medium-size companies, to perform well as our economy expands.
They like it here -- we knew they would When you #39;re from Boston, you get used to knowing everything about everything, especially sports. It #39;s as simple as that. When the hometown is 
Bomb explosion near US base A CAR bomb exploded outside an air base used by US forces near Dijiel, about 40km north of Baghdad, the US military and police said.
Pope Celebrates Mass Near Hilltop Shrine Pope John Paul II traveled to a hilltop shrine near the Adriatic Sea Sunday to celebrate an open-air Mass attended by tens of thousands of pilgrims.
WRAPUP 1-Open-Roddick keeps home flag flying in New York Defending champion Andy Roddick kept the home flag flying at the US Open on Friday, but it was a bad day for his compatriots as only two American men reached the 
Tamada on pole for Portuguese Grand Prix Japan #39;s Makoto Tamada powered into pole position for Sunday #39;s Portuguese Grand Prix, setting a lap record just before the end of qualifying on Saturday.
Foot fault Unranked and 18-point underdogs, Oregon State came into Death Valley and nearly shocked the nation Saturday night. After a 47-minute weather delay, the Beavers outplayed fourth-ranked 
Pope Celebrates Mass Near Hilltop Shrine A frail Pope John Paul II traveled to a hilltop shrine near the Adriatic Sea on Sunday, putting three more Catholics on the road to sainthood during an open-air Mass attended by some 200,000 pilgrims.
Coffee, Tea or Job? For Airline Workers, an Uncertain Future or decades, an airline job was a coveted plum. Good pay, generous benefits, strong unions and the glamour of air travel made pilots, flight attendants, mechanics and even baggage handlers the envy of their neighbors.
World Needs More Oil Capacity -Watchdog (Reuters) Reuters - An extra 3 million barrels per day (bpd)\of production capacity worldwide is needed to avoid another\year of blistering oil prices, International Energy Agency\(IEA) executive director Claude Mandil warned on Sunday.
ASEAN, Australia, N.Zealand See 2007 Pact (Reuters) Reuters - Southeast Asian nations, Australia and
Eurozone data to show growth based on exports, consumption weak (AFP) AFP - Data to be released this week are expected to confirm that the eurozone's economic recovery is fueled by strong export demand, not consumption or investment, and that Britain's industrial sector is gaining steam, analysts said.
Hong Kong Democrats in Public Rally Ahead of Polls  HONG KONG (Reuters) - Hong Kong's scandal-rocked  pro-democracy camp joined hands on Sunday to stage a public  rally ahead of crucial legislative elections next weekend, the  biggest test of public mood since district elections in  November.
Strong quake hits western Japan An earthquake with a magnitude of 6.8 shakes western Japan, reportedly making tall buildings sway in Tokyo.
Police to question 'suicide pact' girl Police wait to speak to a seriously ill teenager whose friend died after the girls made an apparent suicide pact.
Car Bomb Explodes Near U.S. Base in Iraq BAGHDAD, Iraq - A car bomb exploded outside an air base used by U.S. forces near Dijiel, about 25 miles north of Baghdad, the U.S...
It Takes Time to Judge the True Impact of New Technology   About this time last year, I wrote a column following up on some pieces I'd written earlier to see what if anything new had happened to those topics. The reaction I heard afterwards convinced me that revisiting old news was a worthwhile exercise -- in general, it's too easy for tech reporters to lose sight of how a product works over time in the real world, as opposed to a brief trial in a reviewer's hands.
Internet's Speed Increases As It Turns 35 Years Old   As the Internet turned 35 last week, Web speed-demons claimed a new record for how fast data can be transmitted over computer networks, announcing they had sent the equivalent of a big fat DVD movie file from Switzerland to California in a few seconds.
Mobile Mappers Stop Short of Ideal  Thanks to such free mapping sites as MapQuest and Yahoo Maps, it's been a while since road warriors have had to sketch out a route with a yellow highlighter, guessing which shortcuts to take or avoid. Instead, they can just type in start and destination addresses and print out crisply labeled, turn-by-turn directions, with the only cost being some printer ink.
Apple, eBay, Intel make waves; what is a nanometer? (SiliconValley.com) SiliconValley.com - Maybe you were out of town last week, or maybe you just weren't paying attention. That's OK. Here's a quick rundown of what you missed, culled from reports by our staff and wire services.
Russian School Siege Town Buries First of Its Dead  BESLAN, Russia (Reuters) - The sound of weeping mothers who  lost their sons and daughters in Russia's school siege drifted  out of the homes of Beslan on Sunday as the first burials were  held for some of the 338 people killed.
Signs of Discord Emerge as Indo-Pak Ministers Meet  NEW DELHI (Reuters) - Signs of discord emerged between  India and Pakistan as foreign ministers from the nuclear-armed  rivals met on Sunday to review and advance a peace process that  has faltered recently over Kashmir.
Evacuees vow never to return to storm-ravaged towns Get INQ7 breaking news on your Smart mobile phone in the Philippines. Send INQ7 BREAKING to 386. INFANTA, Quezon, Philippines -- Severina Espedero has nothing but the clothes she is wearing.
Johnny Depp Says He Actually Enjoys Aging VENICE, Italy - Unlike legions of other Hollywood stars, hipster heartthrob Johnny Depp says he actually enjoys aging. The boyish-looking Depp - who plays the author of "Peter Pan" in his latest picture "Finding Neverland" - was asked if the children's character famed for never growing old made him wish for the same power...
Russian Town Mourns As Putin Vows Fight BESLAN, Russia - Wails of mourning echoed through the streets of this southern Russian town on Sunday, and the region's top police officer reportedly resigned in the wake of the school hostage-taking that left more than 380 people dead - nearly half of them children.    A shaken President Vladimir Putin went on national television Saturday to make a rare and candid admission of Russian weakness in the face of an "all-out war" by terrorists...
Frances Pounds Florida, Weakens Slightly STUART, Fla. - Hurricane Frances weakened slightly but pounded Florida relentlessly with high wind and heavy rain Sunday after it smashed across the state's east coast, knocking out power to 2 million people and forcing residents to withstand a prolonged lashing that shredded roofs and uprooted trees...
Business Sentiment Improves for First Time in Four Months The business sentiment index in the domestic economy has finally showed a mild upturn in the last four months. The Federation of Korean Industries (FKI) reported Sunday that,  quot;According to a survey conducted 
Digital Bridges sign major deal with EA DIGITAL Bridges, the mobile phone games company, has acquisitions in its sights after signing an exclusive deal with the worlds biggest computer game publisher.
India wins toss, elects to bat India won the toss and elected to bat first in the third one-day international against England in the NatWest Trophy at Lord #39;s today.
QB dilemma still haunts Spartans Dale Rogers completed 85.7 percent of his passes, committed no turnovers and was the team #39;s leading rusher. Yet the Spartans still lost by 40 to Stanford.
Dogs have their day After toying with Division 1-AA Georgia Southern, the Georgia Bulldogs football team broke open the game with a 28-point third quarter, defeating the Eagles 48-28 in the season opener for both teams Saturday afternoon at Sanford Stadium.
Anwar in Munich for treatment Malaysian rebel politician Anwar Ibrahim has arrived in the southern German city of Munich for medical treatment. He arrived at a clinic in Munich under bright blue skies on Sunday 
For airline employees, it #39;s the end of a golden age For decades, an airline job was a coveted plum. Good pay, generous benefits, strong unions and the glamor of air travel made pilots, flight attendants, mechanics and even baggage handlers the envy of their neighbors.
INTERVIEW: IEA Head Renews Call For OPEC Capacity Boost SYDNEY (Dow Jones)--OPEC should reaffirm its willingness to increase oil production when it meets next month and give a clear commitment to boosting production capacity, the head of the International 
Stanford rolls to 43-3 football win Stanford, Calif.----Stanford took advantage of some size mismatches in the first half and then scored touchdowns on its first three second-half possessions en route to a 43-3 victory over San Jose State in the season-opening football game for both teams.
Woodward apologises for criticising clubs Former England coach Clive Woodward has apologised for his stinging comments about owners, directors and coaches at some English clubs.
Russia mourns siege victims Mourners were preparing on Sunday for the first funerals of more than 330 hostages killed in Russia #39;s school hostage siege as a top local official reportedly resigned over the crisis.
Radical cleric issues fatwa demanding release of French reporters (AFP) AFP - A leading radical Iraqi cleric issued a fatwa (Islamic decree) demanding the immediate release of two French reporters held hostage for more than two weeks.
Hurricane losses may reach \$10bn Hurricane Frances could cause between \$2bn and \$10bn in insured losses in the US, experts predict as the storm pummels Florida.
Blair - Wembley key to 2012 Tony Blair says the completion of Wembley will boost London's hopes of staging the 2012 Olympics.
What the Scottish Sunday papers say The Sunday Mail leads with the news that the official death toll from the Russian school siege in Beslan has risen to 348. The Sunday Post claims the figure could reach 400 and reports on Vladimir Putin #39;s 
Rep Ireland 3, Cyprus 0 and then dedicated his feat to the memory of his late father. Keane scored the third goal in Ireland #39;s 3-0 victory over Cyprus as manager Brian 
Iraqi Government Bans Al-Jazeera  quot;Indefinitely quot; BAGHDAD, Sept 5 (IslamOnline.net  amp; News Agencies) - The US-allied Iraqi government has extended the closure of Al-Jazeera offices in Iraq indefinitely, not only provoking the outrage of the Qatar-based network and media watchdogs, but also casting deep 
Pope Prays for Beslan School Dead at Italy Mass Pope John Paul prayed for the victims of the  quot;inhumane violence quot; of Russia #39;s Beslan school tragedy as he said Mass on Sunday before 200,000 people in central Italy.
Two Killed, 10 Hurt in Latest Bangladesh Blast Two people were killed and 10 wounded in a bomb blast in northeastern Bangladesh on Sunday, in the latest of a series of attacks that have killed at least 107 people in the country since 2000, police said.
Actors hit Venice despite protest Actors Al Pacino, Kate Winslet and Johnny Depp attend the Venice Film Festival despite protests.
AMD Tweaks Intel with PR Coup In a move as predictable as the sun rising in the east, AMD drew a PR bead on Intel last week and managed to get a small bottle of ink spilled over how it had showed off a dual-core x86 90nm Opteron at its facilities in Austin, Texas on Tuesday.
Cazenove Shareholders to Meet as Company Weighs Possible Offers Cazenove Group Plc, Britain #39;s oldest independent stockbroker, will hold its annual shareholder meeting Tuesday after the Financial Times reported it #39;s weighing offers from two US banks.
No Strawberries and Cream: Sharapova Ousted by Pierce Maria Sharapova suffered a harsh introduction Saturday to the expectations that will stalk her for the rest of her career. After a third-round loss at the US 
England held by Austria, Greece stunned in Albania England #39;s World Cup qualifying campaign got off to a miserable start yesterday when it squandered a two-goal lead to draw 2-2 with Austria in Group Six.
PREVIEW-Open-Roddick and Williams to star on Sunday The first week of the US Open concludes on Sunday with Andy Roddick and Serena Williams the star attractions at Flushing Meadows. While many New Yorkers head out 
It #39;s over for DLS gridmen The longest winning streak in high school football history came to a crushing end late Saturday night. De La Salle High School, which had fashioned 12 consecutive undefeated 
Turkish company announces it is withdrawing from Iraq to save &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; A Turkish company said Sunday it was withdrawing from Iraq a day after Iraqi militants threatened to behead its employee unless it ceased operations in the country, the Anatolia news agency reported.
Iraq's Survival Still at Stake, Report Warns (Reuters) Reuters - Iraq could splinter into civil war and\destabilize the whole region if the interim government, U.S.\forces and United Nations fail to hold the ring among factions\struggling for power, according to a British thinktank.
To get or not to get Windows XP Service Pack 2? That is the &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The talk in the computer world seems to be whether or not to get Microsoft #39;s Windows XP Service Pack 2. Both sides of the argument offer pros and cons as to whether or not computer users should proceed with this upgrade.
Talk Now Mark II limps out JUST HOW MANY times can you  #39;soft launch #39; a product? Well, Orange has already launched Talk Now - its Push-to-Talk (PTT) service -wice this year.
Honda/IBM improve speech-recognition system Honda Motor Co., with software help from IBM, is preparing to introduce an improved speech-recognition system as standard equipment on the 2005 Acura RL sedan.
Aliens Attempting To Contact Earth? Are extraterrestrials attempting to contact earth? The thought that ET may be sending out radio signals from somewhere in outer space is creating a buzz and astronomers involved in the search for extraterrestrial 
Update 1: Red Hat Hires New CFO From Burlington Red Hat Inc. hired a new chief financial officer as it tries to bolster its sagging stock price and expand into new foreign markets.
EA to boost mobile-phone games Gaming giant Electronic Arts will boost production of video games for mobile phones over the next nine months, bringing top-selling franchises  quot;Fifa Football quot; and  quot;The Sims quot; to handsets, the company says.
Interstellar mail service: It #39;s slow, but no static NEW YORK Ever since 1960, when a Cornell University astronomer named Frank Drake pointed a radio telescope at a pair of nearby stars on the chance that he might hear a  quot;howdy quot; from extraterrestrial beings, astronomers have persevered in the notion that 
Donald wins European Masters European Ryder Cup player Luke Donald shot a 5-under-par 66 Sunday to win the European Masters by five strokes for his second European tour victory.
Tendulkar loss  #39;no excuse #39; Indian great Sunil Gavaskar says Sachin Tendulkar #39;s injury-enforced absence cannot excuse the side #39;s poor batting performances in England.
Rossi rushing towards world title Italy #39;s Valentino Rossi, riding a Yamaha, won the Portuguese MotoGP race for the fourth year in a row to close on the world championship crown.
First-night nerves for England, France England and France opened their 2006 World Cup campaigns with frustrating draws while European champion Greece crashed back to earth with an embarrassing defeat in Albania.
New York Yankees Team Report - September 5 (Sports Network) - The Yankees will try to get back on the winning track this afternoon, when they try to avoid a three-game sweep at the hands of the Baltimore Orioles at Yankee Stadium.
No longer feared by rivals, Serena just sheep in wolf #39;s clothing MUCH of the New York mentality these days is governed by what is said on late-night television talk shows. So when one particular inquisitor asked Maria Sharapova to explain how she was able to dismantle such 
Former Saddam Deputy Arrested in Iraq Iraqi forces Sunday captured Izzat Ibrahim al-Douri, the most wanted member of Saddam Hussein #39;s ousted dictatorship, Iraq #39;s top information official told The Associated Press.
Russian Town Mourns As Putin Vows Fight BESLAN, Russia Sept. 5, 2004 - Wails of mourning echoed through the streets of this southern Russian town on Sunday, and the region #39;s top police officer reportedly resigned in the wake of the school hostage 
Violence Displaces Over 3,000 More in Darfur-UN More than 3,000 people have been displaced since the end of August by violence in an area of North Darfur state in the troubled western region of Sudan, a United Nations report said on Sunday.
Second Strong Quake Hits West Japan, Tsunami Warning A second strong earthquake measuring 7.3 on the open-ended Richter scale hit western Japan on Sunday evening, just hours after the region was rocked by a similarly intense quake, public broadcaster NHK said.
Labor win fine: retailer Business feared the Labor Party in government because of its links with unions, Harvey Norman chief executive Gerry Harvey said. But Mr Harvey also said that having the Coalition or Labor in government made little difference to the economy.
Two Killed, 10 Hurt in Latest Bangladesh Blast Two people were killed and 10 wounded in a bomb blast in northeastern Bangladesh on Sunday, in the latest of a series of attacks that have killed more than 100 people in the past four years, police said.
Falling Dow hits markets SHARES are set for a bumpy ride after Wall Street lost ground on the weekend, derailed by weak US jobs data and a poor prognosis from Intel which sparked worries for the health of the tech sector.
HBOS to decide this week on Abbey The board of HBOS is due to decide this week whether to bid against Spanish bank Santander for local rival Abbey National, newspapers say, but HBOS declined to comment.
Calpine betting state needs juice Tucked against a dry San Jose hillside, Calpine Corp. #39;s next power plant is a \$500 million leap of faith. Workers swarm through the plant #39;s five-story metal skeleton, the shriek of power tools piercing the air, as they work for completion next spring.
HP, Sun Lead in Worldwide Storage Systems Both HP and Sun claimed they were the worldwide leader in storage systems. Sun Microsystems announced that its Network Storage division took the leading position in UNIX disk storage systems factory revenue 
Yankees: Brown #39;s fire sometimes burns a little too hot The flushed toilet turned the already hot water into a scalding stream from the shower nozzle. Kevin Brown bellowed, then stormed out of the stall, picked up a baseball 
Saddam trial to begin before January election: Iraqi minister The trial of ousted Iraqi President Saddam Hussein and his cronies, including number two Izzat Ibrahim al-Duri whose arrest was announced on Sunday, will begin before elections due in January, an Iraqi minister said.
SMIC establishes first 12-inch chip production line in mainland Semiconductor Manufacturing International Corp, or SMIC, has established a 12-inch chip production line in Beijing, the first of its kind on the Chinese mainland.
Philly Considers Wireless Internet For All Sep. 02, 2004. Forget finding an Internet cafe. For less than what it costs to build a small library, city officials believe they can turn all 135 square miles of Philadelphia into the world #39;s largest wireless Internet hot spot.
Solberg takes inaugural Rally Japan Motorsport.com. Petter Solberg claimed a comfortable victory on Rally Japan, keeping his WRC championship hopes alive, and giving a home-soil victory to the Subaru team.
NCAA Football: LSU Tigers Edge out Oregon State Beavers 22-21 US college football #39;s fourth-ranked Louisiana State University Tigers eked out a 22-21 overtime victory over the unranked Oregon State Beavers late Saturday on the first full day of action.
Checking out or whatever amount for which it is written. Under the Check Clearing for the 21st Century Act, commonly known 
Funds: Fund Mergers Can Hurt Investors (Reuters) Reuters - Mergers and acquisitions have\played an enormous role in the U.S. economy during the past\several decades, but sometimes the results have been bad for\consumers.  Similarly, consolidation in the mutual fund\business has sometimes hurt fund investors.
Newbiz: an Unconventional Asset-The Past (Reuters) Reuters - When businesses consider their\assets, they may look at obvious things like products,\buildings, equipment, patents, even valued employees. But the\company's history?
Greek, Albanian Fans Clash After Match (AP) AP - Greek and Albanian soccer fans fought across the country, and Athens police fired tear gas to disperse crowds following a loss by European champion Greece in a World Cup qualifier.
Univision Movil Bows with Bilingual Downloads (Reuters) Reuters - AG Interactive and Univision\Communications launched Univision Movil Sept. 1. The new brand\provides bilingual wireless downloads.
Greenspan Takes Center Stage This Week  LONDON (Reuters) - Federal Reserve Chairman Alan  Greenspan's testimony on Capitol Hill midweek will be the main  draw for global financial markets this week in the absence of  significant data either side of the Atlantic, analysts said.
Funds: Fund Mergers Can Hurt Investors  PORTLAND, Maine (Reuters) - Mergers and acquisitions have  played an enormous role in the U.S. economy during the past  several decades, but sometimes the results have been bad for  consumers.  Similarly, consolidation in the mutual fund  business has sometimes hurt fund investors.
Roddick and Williams to Star on Sunday at U.S. Open  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The first week of the U.S. Open  concludes Sunday with Andy Roddick and Serena Williams the star  attractions at Flushing Meadows.
Newbiz: an Unconventional Asset-The Past  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - When businesses consider their  assets, they may look at obvious things like products,  buildings, equipment, patents, even valued employees. But the  company's history?
Locals Fight Wal-Mart Store Near Ancient Mexico Ruin (Reuters) Reuters - In the shadow of colossal\pyramids left by a great Mexican civilization, a Wal-Mart\rises, and some locals have gone to court to overturn its\approval.
ASEAN, Australia, N.Zealand See 2007 Deal  JAKARTA (Reuters) - Southeast Asian nations, Australia and  New Zealand hope to conclude a free trade agreement (FTA) by  2007 after beginning formal negotiations next year, government  ministers said on Sunday.
Colts trio at receiver nears NFL milestone Indianapolis Colts quarterback Peyton Manning isn #39;t staging a one-man assault on Dan Marino #39;s single-season touchdown record.
No Extra Points for This One; LSU Survives in OT  Baton Rouge, La. (Sports Network) - Redshirt freshman  kicker Alexis Serna's third missed extra point of the game in  overtime allowed the fourth-ranked LSU Tigers to escape with a  22-21 victory over Oregon State.
No. 3 Georgia Wins Opener  Athens, Ga. (Sports Network) - Danny Ware rushed for 135  yards and three touchdowns in his collegiate debut, as No. 3  Georgia held off Division I-AA Georgia Southern, 48-28, in the  season opener for both schools at Sanford Stadium.
Nintendo DS a major upgrade from Game Boy machines SACRAMENTO BEE. NINTENDO has been on top of the handheld gaming market for 15 years. Its various Game Boy machines have sold more than 100 million units since the first model.
Second Strong Quake Hits West Japan, Tsunami Warning  TOKYO (Reuters) - An earthquake measuring about 7.3 on the  Richter scale shook western Japan on Sunday, the second strong  quake to hit a area in five hours, and evacuations were ordered  due to approaching tsunamis, broadcaster NHK reported.
EU warns Italy on Alitalia stake The Italian state must give up its majority stake in troubled Alitalia when the airline sells new shares, the EU warns.
S.Africa Cancels Thatcher Meeting with Eq. Guinea  JOHANNESBURG (Reuters) - South Africa has canceled a  meeting with prosecutors from Equatorial Guinea who had hoped  to interview Mark Thatcher on his suspected links to a coup  plot in the oil-rich country, officials said on Sunday.
Violence Displaces Over 3,000 More in Darfur-UN  KHARTOUM (Reuters) - More than 3,000 people have been  displaced since the end of August by violence in an area of  North Darfur state in the troubled western region of Sudan, a  United Nations report said on Sunday.
'Policemen killed' in Saudi chase Three Saudi security staff are killed while chasing suspected militants, state television says.
Schroeder faces new poll defeat Voting is under way in the German state of Saarland, with polls predicting another  defeat for the Social Democrats.
Sudan willing to allow in more Darfur observers, official says KHARTOUM -- Sudan does not object to the deployment of more foreign cease-fire monitors and troops to the troubled Darfur region, Foreign Minister Mustafa Osman Ismail said yesterday.
One by One, Iraqi Cities Become No-Go Zones In Iraq, the list of places from which American soldiers have either withdrawn or decided to visit only rarely is growing.
U.S. Near Seizing Bin Laden, Official Says ISLAMABAD, Pakistan - The United States and its allies have moved closer to capturing Osama bin Laden in the last two months, a top U.S. counterterrorism official said in a television interview broadcast...
Frances Strikes, Knocks Out Power to 4M STUART, Fla. - Hurricane Frances pounded Florida with high wind and heavy rain Sunday after it smashed across the state's east coast, knocking out power to 4 million people, shredding roofs and uprooting trees...
Militants Seek Group Edict on Kidnappings BAGHDAD, Iraq - An Iraqi militant group appealed Sunday to an influential Sunni Muslim organization for an edict on whether the kidnapping of foreigners who work for occupation forces is acceptable under Islam.    The appeal came as a Turkish transportation company, Renay International, announced it would withdraw from Iraq a day after Iraqi militants threatened to behead one of its employees - the latest company to meet kidnappers' demands to go...
4 Million Without Power As Frances Strikes STUART, Fla. - Hurricane Frances pounded Florida with high wind and heavy rain Sunday after it smashed across the state's east coast, knocking out power to 4 million people and forcing residents to withstand a prolonged lashing that shredded roofs and uprooted trees...
Will September Be Good for Stocks? NEW YORK - Wall Street professionals know to keep their expectations in check in September, historically the worst month of the year for stocks. As summertime draws to a close, money managers are getting back to business, cleaning house, and often sending the market lower in the process...
Former Saddam Deputy Reportedly Captured Iraqi and U.S. forces arrested a man believed to be the most-wanted Saddam Hussein aide still on the run in a bloody raid on Sunday in which 70 of his supporters were killed and 80 captured, the government said.
Defenseless Targets Close to 350 die, half of them children, after Chechen rebels take an entire school hostage. What the siege means for Russia
Jobs Data Give Fed Green Light for Sept Rate Hike A moderate rise in August payrolls sealed expectations on Friday that the Federal Reserve will continue its rate-hike campaign in September without a pause.
Donald clinches European Masters title by five strokes Britain #39;s Luke Donald repaid Bernhard Langer faith in him by winning the European Masters on Sunday the week after the European Ryder Cup captain handed him a wild-card.
IBM and Intel to open up blade specifications SEPTEMBER 02, 2004 (IDG NEWS SERVICE) - In an effort to encourage hardware vendors to build components for the blade platform they co-developed, Intel Corp.
ROSSI CLOSES IN ON WORLD TITLE Valentino Rossi moved a step nearer his fourth world championship title with a dominant victory in the Portuguese Grand Prix at Estoril today.
US Postal dominate Vuelta opener LEON, Spain -- The all-conquering US Postal squad left arch-rival T-Mobile trailing to win the opening team time trial stage of the Tour of Spain (La Vuelta) cycle race on Saturday.
Hurricane Hits Florida, Cutting Power and Water for Millions Shrieking winds and angry sheets of rain thrashed Florida's coast as Hurricane Frances hit land early this morning and was making its way slowly across the state.
Orange Launches Talk Now Orange announced the commercial availability of Talk Now, Europes first advanced Push-To-Talk service. Over the last nine months, Orange has engaged in customer trials across Europe to develop and refine 
Two firms say to quit Iraq to save Turkish hostage Two employers of a Turkish truck driver taken hostage in Iraq have agreed to pull out of the country following a threat by his captors to behead him, media sources report.
IT Stocks to Influence KOSPI The information technology (IT) sector is expected to set the tone of the Korean stock market in the near term after Intel, the worlds largest semiconductor maker, slashed its third-quarter sales forecast last Thursday.
UPDATE 2-Rossi wins Portuguese Grand Prix again Italy #39;s Valentino Rossi won the MotoGP Portuguese Grand Prix on Sunday for the fourth year in a row after snatching the lead on the first lap.
World Cup of Hockey: Canada boosts record to 3-0 Martin Brodeur made 27 saves, and Brad Richards, Kris Draper and Joe Sakic scored goals to help Canada beat Russia 3-1 last night in the World Cup of Hockey, giving the Canadians a 3-0 record in round-robin play.
Millions Flee Hurricane Frances Two-and-a-half million people have been told to get out of the way of hurricane Frances. #39; #39;. The storm is aiming at a 480-kilometre stretch of Florida #39;s Atlantic coast.
The ABCs of Back-To-School Electronics (AP) AP - For back-to-school shoppers, a new alphabet reigns, and it starts with E for electronics. With camera cell phones and the Apple iPod music player topping student wish lists, some of the hottest gadgets have little to do with pen or paper, much less studying.
World focuses on Darfur, but victims of Sudan's other conflicts neglected (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - NAIROBI, Kenya (AP) - While the world focuses on the crisis in Darfur, three times as many people have been suffering for many more years in two other conflicts involving the Sudanese government.
Branson earmarks \$300m for mobile JV in China Virgin Group chief Richard Branson said on Tuesday he has earmarked \$300 million for a cellular phone joint venture in China, the worlds largest mobile market by users.
Keane set to reinforce Ireland against Swiss Manchester United captain Roy Keane could reinforce Ireland for their World Cup qualifier away to Switzerland in Basel on Wednesday.
Microsoft Sees Open-Source Threat Looming Ever Larger (Ziff Davis) Ziff Davis - The software maker is facing growing pressure from open-source software across every segment of its business #151;a competitive threat that could have significant consequences for its financial future going forward, Microsoft said in its latest 10-K filing to the SEC.
Pilots Aim to Catch Space Capsule in Air (AP) AP - In a harrowing feat high over the Utah desert Wednesday, two helicopter stunt pilots will try to snatch a floating space capsule that holds "a piece of the sun" and bring it safely down.
Cheney May Help or Hinder Bush's Chances (AP) AP - Vice President Dick Cheney, enormously popular with conservatives, will be key to turning out the Republican base this November. But campaign officials say they will use Cheney to persuade undecided voters as well.
Dollar slide has only a muted short-term impact on EADS: CEO BEIJING : The dramatic fall of the dollar against the euro will would have only a muted short-term impact on Europe #39;s largest defense company but if sustained, it would affect future profitability, the head of EADS said.
Voter Discontent May Hurt Afghan Leader (AP) AP - President Hamid Karzai rarely misses an opportunity to laud Afghanistan's 3 million former refugees for "voting with their feet" by returning to support their homeland's budding democracy.
B.C.'s Citizens' Assembly on electoral reform getting close to decision (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - VANCOUVER (CP) - Less than a year before British Columbia plays host to the 2010 Winter Olympics, provincial voters may be choosing their government using a different, more fair and more popular system.
Cahill, Rove Lead Presidential Campaigns (AP) AP - Karl Rove is a smooth, jovial political operative with a Texas-honed reputation as a ruthless competitor and three George W. Bush victories under his belt. Mary Beth Cahill is a daughter of Boston's rough-and-tumble ward battles who just last year brought her no-nonsense organizational skills to Democratic opponent John Kerry's camp.
Impressive Haas Continues Comeback Run at Open  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Tommy Haas continued his impressive  comeback from injury with a dominant 6-2, 6-3, 7-5 victory over  Brazilian qualifier Ricardo Mello Sunday to reach the fourth  round of the U.S. Open.
Serena Crushes Schnyder to Reach Quarter-Finals  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Third seed Serena Williams served up  her best performance of the U.S. Open to date as she beat  Switzerland's Patty Schnyder 6-4, 6-2 on Sunday to reach the  quarter-finals.
Impressive Haas Continues Comeback Run at Open  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Germany's Tommy Haas continued his  impressive comeback from injury with a 6-2, 6-3, 7-5 victory  over Brazilian qualifier Ricardo Mello to reach the fourth  round of the U.S. Open on Sunday.
Disney's Eisner Sees Iger as Successor  LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - Walt Disney Co. Chief Executive  Michael Eisner said company President Robert Iger is his  "preferred choice" to succeed him in running the entertainment  conglomerate, according to an interview in Sunday's Los Angeles  Times.
Slow Job Market Greets Workers Labor Day WASHINGTON Sept. 5, 2004 - A spotty job market and stagnant paychecks cloud this Labor Day holiday for many workers, highlighting the importance of pocketbook issues in the presidential election.
Filmmaker Examines Jobs Lost to Outsourcing, Offshore Production US industry is increasingly turning to countries like Mexico and China for its manufacturing, and to India for high-end services like computer programming.
World Needs More Oil Capacity -Watchdog An extra 3 million barrels per day (bpd) of production capacity worldwide is needed to avoid another year of blistering oil prices, International Energy Agency (IEA) executive director Claude Mandil warned on Sunday.
Update 1: Sources: EU Closer to Coke Settlement The European Union is moving closer to settling its long-running antitrust case against The Coca-Cola Co., having judged the beverage giant #39;s offer to modify distribution deals in Europe good enough to begin gauging the industry #39;s reaction, sources close 
Prodi unveils plan to ease deficit rules European Commission president Romano Prodi has unveiled proposals to loosen the deficit rules under the EU Stability Pact. The loosening was drafted by monetary affairs commissioner Joaquin Almunia, who stood beside the president at the announcement.
iMac G5: A new option Last week, Mac loyalists had gathered for an announcement they have been waiting for months to hear. Sitting at the Paris Apple Expo or crouched in front of a computer screen in a Mac chat room, thousands 
Sun King is out with a begging bowl now London, September 5: Heaping ridicule on the Indian team, thrashed by a resurgent home side in the first two Natwest Challenge matches, former England captain Mike Atherton has said Sun King Sourav Ganguly has now been reduced to pauper status.
Yanks #39; righthander could miss rest of season BRONX -- New York Yankees righthander Kevin Brown underwent surgery Sunday for a broken left hand and is expected to miss at least three weeks and perhaps the rest of the season.
Alessandro Petacchi Claims 2nd Stage of Tour of Spain Italian cyclist Alessandro Petacchi won the second stage of the Tour of Spain in a mass sprint finish, as Dutchman Max van Heeswijk claimed the leader #39;s yellow jersey.
Rutgers Makes Bid for Prime Time With Opening Win Freshman Jeremy Ito kicked four field goals and Ryan Neill scored on a 31-yard interception return to lead improving Rutgers to a 19-14 victory yesterday over visiting Michigan State.
PRIEST-DIRECTOR SAW  #39;PROPER #39; OVITZ FIRING Father Leo O #39;Donovan, a Walt Disney Co. director and Jesuit priest, testified that he believed CEO Michael Eisner had the  quot;proper authority quot; to boot Michael Ovitz from the company.
Beslan mourns as Putin vows tough response to  #39;all-out war #39; by &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Funeral processions snaked through this grief-racked town as relatives buried victims of the school siege in southern Russia in rows of freshly dug graves Sunday.
Saddam to Face Trial  #39;Within Weeks #39; Saddam Hussein and other detained members of the deposed Iraqi regime will face trial within a few weeks, Iraqs minister of state said today.
Kashmiri leader calls for more involvement in India-Pakistan talks A Kashmiri separatist leader has met Pakistan #39;s Foreign Minister to urge greater involvement of Kashmiris in the ongoing India-Pakistan peace dialogue.
ASEAN-India FTA set to kick off in January Members of the Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN) agreed on Sunday to start implementing a planned free trade area (FTA) with economic powerhouse India in January next year.
Malaysia #39;s Prime Minister denies deal over Ibrahim Malaysia #39;s Prime Minister Abdullah Ahmad Badawi denies he struck a deal with Anwar Ibrahim before the rebel politician was freed last week after nearly six years in jail.
Earthquakes rattle western Japan AN earthquake measuring 7.3 on the Richter Scale hit western Japan this morning, just hours after another strong quake rocked the area.
Extended Iraq ban outrages Aljazeera BAGHDAD (Aljazeera) -- Iraqi security forces stormed into Aljazeera #39;s Baghdad office on Saturday and sealed it with red wax. Iraqi officials said the channel had not respected the closure order nor answered 
Exit Polls Indicate Germany #39;s Social Democrats Lose State Election Exit polls say German Chancellor Gerhard Schroeder #39;s Social Democrats have been defeated in a local election in the western state of Saarland.
Senator: Commander Told of Military Drain (AP) AP - A former Senate Intelligence Committee chairman asserted Sunday that the general who ran the war in Afghanistan said more than a year before the U.S.-led invasion of Iraq that his resources were being shifted in preparation for taking on Saddam Hussein.
Coke to alter sales practices Coca-Cola on Friday agreed to alter its sales practices in some European markets, an offer likely to bring to an end a five-year investigation by the European Commission into whether the soft drinks giant was stifling retail competition.
Shoppers: Moneyed vs. Worried Retail sales were generally lackluster in August. Some outfits blamed Hurricane Charlie. Others pointed the finger at gas prices or the late start to the back-to-school shopping season.
New-look India shine How refreshing that an entire summer of predictable one-day cricket should end with a match that turned the formbook on its head. India looked down and out of this match when they were bowled 
Doan, Draper and Thornton gives Team Canada an impressive checking &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; TORONTO (CP) - Just calling them the checking line seems strange, given that a star player like Joe Thornton is at centre. But that #39;s exactly what they are in the current Team Canada set-up, Thornton between 
Petacchi unstoppable in Tour of Spain Italian Alessandro Petacchi scooped the bunch sprint to win Sunday #39;s second stage of the Tour of Spain. German Erik Zabel was second in the 207 k run from Leon to Burgos with Spaniard Oscar Freire finishing third.
Schroeder's SPD Routed in Saarland, Far Right Gains  BERLIN (Reuters) - German Chancellor Gerhard Schroeder's  Social Democrats slumped to their worst result in 44 years in  the western state of Saarland on Sunday as voters punished the  party for its painful economic reforms.
Pope Beatifies Three on Adriatic Coast Pope John Paul has traveled to Italy #39;s Adriatic coast northeast of Rome to beatify two devout Italians and a Spaniard who lived and died in the 20th century, placing them on the road to sainthood in the Roman Catholic Church.
Protesters seize oil platforms in Nigeria Protesters seized oil platforms run by Royal Dutch/Shell Group Cos. and ChevronTexaco Corp for a second day Monday, shutting down 90,000 barrels a day in oil production, company officials said.
The New New York Skyline The city's profile is about to undergo an extreme makeover, and \$30 million flying town houses are just the beginning.
Clinton Surgery Expected Early This Week Former President Bill Clinton's heart bypass, expected Monday or Tuesday, likely will be an ordinary replumbing of his ailing heart, not some new whiz-bang robotic or "keyhole" surgery, leading surgeons say.    And just as his operation is likely to be the same as the average American's, the delay in his surgery also suggests a problem typical for many patients: doctors and nurses off for the holiday weekend...
Slow Job Market Greets Workers Labor Day WASHINGTON - A spotty job market and stagnant paychecks cloud this Labor Day holiday for many workers, highlighting the importance of pocketbook issues in the presidential election.   "Working harder and enjoying it less," said economist Ken Mayland, president of ClearView Economics, summing up the state of working America...
Frances Strikes, Knocks Out Power to 4M STUART, Fla. - Hurricane Frances weakened but still pounded Florida with high wind and heavy rain Sunday after it smashed across the state's east coast, knocking out power to 4 million people, shredding roofs and uprooting trees...
Bush's National Guard File Missing Records WASHINGTON - Documents that should have been written to explain gaps in President Bush's Texas Air National Guard service are missing from the military records released about his service in 1972 and 1973, according to regulations and outside experts.    For example, Air National Guard regulations at the time required commanders to write an investigative report for the Air Force when Bush missed his annual medical exam in 1972...
Students Aiming to Avoid 'Freshman 15' AUSTIN - All-you-can-eat dorm dining. Late-night pizza parties...
EA to boost efforts in cell-phone gaming Gaming giant Electronic Arts will boost production of video games for mobile phones over the next nine months, bringing top-selling franchises  quot;Fifa Football quot; and  quot;The Sims quot; to handsets, the company said Thursday.
Petacchi unstoppable in bunch sprint Italian Alessandro Petacchi has proved more than a match for his rivals on the 207km second stage of the Tour of Spain from Leon to Burgos by winning a bunch sprint.
Tech, Oil and Frances to Rule Markets (Reuters) Reuters - As if Intel's profit bomb didn't put\enough of a damper on the summer-ending long weekend, investors\returning this week after Labor Day will be wary of a market\offering as much pitfall as promise.
Bryant Case Could Chill Rape Reports (AP) AP - In the 1970s, rape crisis counselors celebrated when states began to pass laws designed to stop lawyers from discrediting victims with salacious details about their sex lives.
Zimmer Defensive Coordinator Cowboys Need (AP) AP - Coach Bill Parcells has always had his own philosophy about defense, and he knew little about coordinator Mike Zimmer when Parcells joined the Dallas Cowboys.
Old-Flame Web Sites Boosting Divorce Rates (Reuters) Reuters - Web sites that reunite and reignite old\lovers are helping push up England's divorce rates, according\to a UK-based counseling service Wednesday.
Damon a Late Scratch With Injured Finger (AP) AP - Boston Red Sox center fielder Johnny Damon was a late scratch Sunday for the team's game against the Texas Rangers with an injured finger.
Serena roars into Open quarters Flushing Meadows, NY (Sports Network) - Two-time champion Serena Williams blew past Swiss Patty Schnyder on Sunday to reach the quarterfinals at the US Open.
Schroeder #39;s SPD Routed in Saarland, Far Right Gains German Chancellor Gerhard Schroeder #39;s Social Democrats slumped to their worst result in 44 years in the western state of Saarland on Sunday as voters punished the party for its painful economic reforms.
Bryant Case Could Chill Rape Reports BOSTON - In the 1970s, rape crisis counselors celebrated when states began to pass laws designed to stop lawyers from discrediting victims with salacious details about their sex lives.    But three decades later, after all 50 states approved such rape shield laws, the Kobe Bryant case has shown that even those protections are not enough to prevent the most intimate details of an alleged victim's life from becoming public and sometimes even fair game for prosecutors...
Frances Knocks Out Power, Floods Florida FORT PIERCE, Fla. - Hurricane Frances' wind and water whacked swaths of southern Florida with fire-hose force Sunday, submerging entire roadways and tearing off rooftops even as the storm weakened and crawled inland with heavy rains in its wake...
Serena powers into quarters TWO-time champion Serena Williams fired 12 aces and had only one double fault as she overpowered Patty Schyder 6-4, 6-2 in their fourth round match at the US Open today.
India rebound with Lord #39;s victory LONDON, England -- England captain Michael Vaughan finally found one-day form with the bat but saw his side slip to a 23-run defeat to India in the third match of their series at Lord #39;s on Sunday.
Freedom hope for French journalists Two French journalists held hostage in Iraq were handed over to intermediaries yesterday, raising hopes that they would soon be freed.
Sudan Accuses US of Using Darfur to Appeal to Voters Sudan is accusing the United States of using violence-torn Darfur to compete for voters heading to the polls in November. Foreign Minister Mustafa Osman Ismail said Saturday that Washington #39;s recent hard-line 
Two US soldiers killed, 16 wounded in mortar barrage on US base A mortar attack Sunday killed two US soldiers and left 16 wounded one critically at a base west of the Iraqi capital. Maj. Richard Spiegel of the Army #39;s 13th Corps Support Command said the 
Intelligent Conversation - with Your Car Honda already had the most advanced voice-controlled navigation system on the market, but the new version, announced Sept. 1, introduces a slew of improvements.
Yankees' Brown Has Successful Surgery (AP) AP - Kevin Brown had successful surgery on his broken left hand Sunday and vowed to pitch again for the New York Yankees this season.
Official: Saudis OK with price band hike Saudi Arabia does not object to OPEC raising the current price band when oil-producing nations meet Sept. 15 and is negotiating the level with other oil-rich Gulf countries, a Saudi oil official said Sunday.
Tax Service Raises 2001 Yukos Bill to \$4.1Bln The Federal Tax Service slapped Yukos with a \$4.1 billion back-tax bill for 2001 on Friday, \$700 million more than its original claim, which was announced July 1. The amended bill, the 
Labor leaders seek to remedy shortcoming of locals SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW) - Supermarket workers in northern California are preparing for a possible strike against Safeway - just as their sister union local in Los Angeles did for nearly five months ended in March.
Court seeks probe into Hollinger #39;s fin transactions VANCOUVER: An Ontario judge added another wrinkle to the controversy enveloping Hollinger and press baron Conrad Black, ordering a probe into the firms byzantine finances.
Intel Forecast Raises Concern Chip Demand Faltering (Update8) Intel Corp. #39;s forecast of faltering demand for electronics such as personal computers and mobile phones heightened concern that consumer spending is declining.
Blue Jays Rout AL West Leading A's, 13-5 (AP) AP - Rookie Gabe Gross hit his first career grand slam and Russ Adams hit his first major league home run, leading the Toronto Blue Jays to a 13-5 rout over the Oakland Athletics on Sunday.
Steelers Cut RB Brown After Trade Fails (AP) AP - Dante Brown and nine other players were released by the Pittsburgh Steelers, who tried to trade the running back before Sunday's roster cutdown deadline.
White Sox Top Seattle 6-2, 3rd Win in Row (AP) AP - Joe Borchard and Paul Konerko each hit two-run homers to back a strong outing by Felix Diaz and the Chicago White Sox won their third straight with a 6-2 victory over the Seattle Mariners on Sunday.
Unions seek reversal of Harris-era labour setbacks Ontario union boosters are calling for the Liberal government to reinstate labour laws struck down by the Harris government, and say things are so bad in the province that workers are scared of their bosses.
Allstate, Other Insurers Face New Loss From Frances (Update1) Allstate Corp., St. Paul Travelers Cos., Ace Ltd. and other insurers face as much as \$10 billion in losses as hurricane winds batter Florida for second time in three weeks.
UPDATE 4-Intel cuts revenue outlook; stock declines Intel Corp. (INTC.O: Quote, Profile, Research) on Thursday cut its third-quarter revenue and profit margin forecast after demand for both its computer microprocessors 
Mladin notches seventh Superbike win AUSTRALIAN Mat Mladin claimed his seventh win of the season today in the opening race of the US Superbike Championship double-header in Georgia.
Strange Bedfellows in E-Mail Case Civil liberties groups made common cause today with the Justice Department, a traditional target of their lawsuits, by filing court papers supporting the government #39;s appeal of a court ruling that said internet service providers are allowed to snoop on 
Red Hat Gets New CFO, Will Restate Results Red Hat #39;s decision to change the way it accounts for subscription revenues  quot;is an accounting issue, quot; says Yankee Group analyst Dana Gardner.
UPDATE 1-Open-Serena surprised to be crowd favourite Former champion Serena Williams hammered Patty Schnyder 6-4 6-2 to reach the quarter-finals of the US Open on Sunday and then said she was surprised to have the crowd on her side.
Ganguly says performance still far from best London: Indian skipper Sourav Ganguly on Sunday said the team did a great job in winning the final NatWest Challenge one-day international but was still far away from its best.
Greece humbled; England, France held LONDON, Sept. 5. - European champions Greece lost 1-2 to Albania and France were held to a barren draw at home by Israel in World Cup qualifying surprises yesterday.
Kobe Rebounds From the beginning, Eagle County, Colo., district attorney Mark Hurlbert insisted that the sexual-assault charge he filed against Kobe Bryant had nothing to do with the celebrity of the Los Angeles Lakers #39; star.
No. 25 Purdue 51, Syracuse 0 Kyle Orton passed for 287 yards and a career-high four touchdowns as No. 25 Purdue used a slew of big plays Sunday to beat Syracuse 51-0, the Boilermakers first shutout in four years.
A good beginning on Day One of talks NEW DELHI, Sept. 5. - A good beginning. That was how senior official sources categorised the first day of talks between the foreign ministers of India and Pakistan, Mr Natwar Singh and Mr Khurshid Mahmud Kasuri, today.
AU mediators meet Sudan officials ahead of key Darfur security &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; ABUJA : African Union mediators met officials of the Sudanese government ahead of crucial talks on the key issue of restoring security in the war-torn western Darfur region.
Thousands congratulate Lahoud BEIRUT: Tens of thousands of people flocked to Baabda Presidential Palace Sunday, in a huge and popular show of support for President Emile Lahoud over his three-year mandate extension that was decided by Parliament on Friday.
Three Saudi security officers killed as hunt for militants goes on RIYADH : Three Saudi security officers were killed when their patrol car caught fire after being hit by gunfire while chasing suspected extremists in an area considered a militant haven, a security source said.
Home Designed to Produce Energy It Uses (AP) AP - Builder Jim Sargent paused on the staircase of the model home, sweat glistening on his forehead as the temperature outside rose into the 90s.
Calif. Academy of Sciences Holds Tag Sale (AP) AP - The California Academy of Sciences in Golden Gate Park held a one-of-a-kind yard sale Sunday, offering rock-bottom prices on everything from antique wooden incubators to six-foot-tall prehistoric bird replicas.
U.S. Muslim Leaders Undecided on Candidate (AP) AP - As both Democrats and Republicans sought their support, American Muslim leaders wrapped up their community's largest convention Sunday still debating whether to endorse a presidential candidate.
Wrecked Russian School Is Opened to Public BESLAN, Russia, Sept. 5  Shafts of light passed through the bullet holes in the pupils desks, which had been stacked at windows, makeshift barricades against attack. Grisly scenes awaited behind them.
Russians Begin Burying Victims of Attack BESLAN, Russia - Mothers wailed over the coffins of their children Sunday and dozens of townsmen dug graves in a football field-sized piece of scrubland next to the cemetery. Funeral processions snaked through the streets of this grief-stricken town as Russians began to bury victims of the terror attack on a school that left more than 350 people dead...
Back-To-School Now Includes Electronics SAN CARLOS, Calif. - For back-to-school shoppers, a new alphabet reigns, and it starts with E for electronics...
Indo-Pak talks: No time frame for Kashmir India and Pakistan are believed to have agreed that it would be unrealistic to set any rigid time frame for the resolution of the Kashmir question.
Disney #39;s Eisner Sees Iger as Successor Walt Disney Co. (DIS.N: Quote, Profile, Research) Chief Executive Michael Eisner said company President Robert Iger is his  quot;preferred choice quot; to succeed him in running the entertainment 
Jobs data sound perfect #39; to some CHICAGO (CBS.MW) - After July #39;s jobs report came up much weaker than expected, August #39;s figures probably calmed nerves at the White House and the Federal Reserve, both of which have been making the case that recent economic soft spots were only temporary.
Notre Dame off to struggling start The Fighting Irish opened the season Saturday night with a 20-17 loss at Brigham Young, a performance that doesn #39;t give much hope for a turnaround season.
SU Football Trails Purdue 20-0 At Halftime WEST LAFAYETTE, In. - The Orange put together a nice drive to end the first half, but came away empty as senior receiver Jared Jones couldnt handle a low snap on a 24-yard field-goal attempt with 27 seconds remaining in the half.
Lions cut receiver Kircus, five others The team also placed starting strong safety Brian Walker on injured reserve. The nine-year veteran had arthroscopic knee surgery on Friday.
Ibrahim: The  #39;iceman #39; Who Became Iraq #39;s Most Wanted Fugitive BAGHDAD, Sept 5 (AFP) - Izzat Ibrahim al-Duri, Saddam Hussein #39;s deputy whose capture was announced Sunday, is 62 and riddled with cancer, but was public enemy number two in Iraq for the world #39;s most powerful military.
Schroeder #39;s party routed in German vote German voters handed Chancellor Gerhard Schroeder a stinging defeat in elections Sunday in the small western state of Saarland, reflecting public anger over his drive to cut 
No. 25 Purdue Embarrasses Syracuse, 51-0 WEST LAFAYETTE, Ind. - Kyle Orton passed for 287 yards and a career-high four touchdowns as No. 25 Purdue used a slew of big plays Sunday to beat Syracuse 51-0, the Boilermakers #39; first shutout in four years.
OPEC Oil Output Rose 1.2 in August, Survey Shows (Update1) The Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries boosted crude-oil production 1.2 percent in August, reaching a 25-year high for a second month in an attempt to pull prices back from records, a Bloomberg survey showed.
Opec mulls \$28-30 price band: Qatar KUWAIT CITY - Opec is considering raising its price band to between 28 and 30 dollars a barrel, Qatar #39;s Energy Minister said in comments published yesterday, ahead of a crucial meeting of the group.
Bills Place QB Brown on Injured Reserve (AP) AP - Backup quarterback Travis Brown's season is over after he was placed on injured reserve by the Buffalo Bills on Sunday.
Owning a chateau is no impossible dream in former East Germany (AFP) AFP - Want to buy a castle? Head for the former East Germany.
W. Virginia's Harris Still Seeking Start (AP) AP - Kay-Jay Harris still needs to prove to West Virginia coach Rich Rodriguez that he deserves to be the Mountaineers' starting running back  #151; even after a record-setting performance in the season opener.
Williams Wallops Schnyder, Roddick Roars On  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Serena Williams and Andy Roddick  produced some powerful tennis at the U.S. Open Sunday as their  title challenges gained strength.
Hurricane Ivan Threatens Barbados, Eastern Caribbean  MIAMI (Reuters) - The eastern Caribbean island of Barbados  was under a storm alert as powerful Hurricane Ivan raced across  the Atlantic Ocean toward the Caribbean on Sunday.
Update 1: American to Charge for Certain Ticket Buys American Airlines says it will begin charging a service fee of \$5 or \$10 to buy a ticket over the phone or at an airport counter, copying a similar move by Northwest Airlines.
\$A sold off on US rally THE Australian dollar opened half a US cent lower today weighed down by a broad US dollar rally on Friday night and a weaker gold price.
Mladin widens Superbike lead Braselton --- Mat Mladin took the first step toward sewing up a fifth AMA Superbike title, fighting off a charging Miguel Duhamel to win Saturday #39;s round of the weekend Suzuki Superbike Challenge.
IBM and Honda team-up to improve speech recognization system IBM and Honda have teamed-up and developed a hands-free and natural sounding in-vehicle speech recognization system. This system will be integrated in Honda #39;s Acura RL 2005 model and will be offered as an optional accessory in Honda Odyssey 2005 model.
Rio Says It May Sell 51 Stake in Brazilian Gold Mine (Update1) Rio Tinto Group, the world #39;s third- largest mining company, said it may sell its 51 percent stake in the Morro do Ouro gold mine in Brazil, which supplies about 8 percent of the South American nation #39;s gold.
Va. Schools Must Offer Dissection Options (AP) AP - Grace Kendall knew back in seventh grade that she didn't want to cut open a preserved frog. Her teacher allowed her to use a computer alternative, and she has declined to dissect ever since.
US Muslims take tougher line this election cycle (AFP) AFP - The leaders of the US Muslim community said that they will announce whether they will endorse any political candidate for president this year, and if so whom, in mid-October.
Tennis: Roddick destroys Canas Defending champion Andy Roddick destroys Guillermo Canas at the US Open.
Motorcycles Hit Road As Gas Prices Soar LAKE GEORGE, N.Y. - Even though he's facing double hip replacement surgery, Bill Smith is more than happy to struggle out the door each morning, limp past his brand new P.T...
Hutchison mobile IPO aims to raise 2 billion HONG KONG Hutchison Whampoa has filed with US regulators to raise as much as \$2 billion in an initial public offering of its phone business in Hong Kong, India and six other markets.
Taxing stock options globally PARIS Stock option accounting has become an international battleground, but those wars may be nearing an end as major industrial countries move toward rules that force companies to deduct the value of options from their earnings.
Monti Says Santander Abbey Bid Would Boost to Bank Integration European Union Competition Commissioner Mario Monti said Santander Central Hispano SA #39;s bid for Abbey National Plc would boost the integration of the European banking market if it succeeds 
Mladin Does the Double Yoshimura Suzukis Mat Mladin swept both races of the Suzuki Superbike Showdown at Road Atlanta in Braselton, Georgia, the points tally the best he could hope for heading into the final 
Lions place Walker on IR; release six players Allen Park, MI (Sports Network) - The Detroit Lions placed starting strong safety Brian Walker on injured reserve and released six players Sunday to get down to the NFL #39;s roster limit of 53 players.
Hamilton moves into No. 2 job after Colts release Sauter Former Arena League quarterback Joe Hamilton will be Peyton Manning #39;s top backup after the Indianapolis Colts released veteran Cory Sauter and 20 others on Sunday.
Lawrence Dallaglio: The England captain who said  #39;enough is enough &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; When Lawrence Dallaglio walked into the late-night bar of the Hilton Hotel in Brisbane a couple of hours after England #39;s 36-point defeat at the hands of the Wallabies last June and pronounced himself  quot;suicidal quot;, no one among his handful of listeners felt 
Iraqis say they #39;ve captured key Saddam aide BAGHDAD Iraqi officials on Sunday said they had captured a man believed to be Izzat Ibrahim al-Douri, the last member of Saddam Hussein #39;s inner circle believed to have been at large, following a gunfight at a medical clinic in a town north of Baghdad.
A Lebanese test case It #39;s been a long time since Israelis had anything good to say about the United Nations, but last week something positive finally emerged from Turtle Bay, as the Security Council effectively attacked Syria #39;s occupation of Lebanon.
SMIC starts new production line to boost profits Semiconductor Manufacturing International Corp. (SMIC) reported its profits to be promising for the rest of the year. The company said it noticed a \$42.
Solberg wins Rally of Japan OBIHIRO - Norwegian Petter Solberg on Sunday won the inaugural Rally of Japan, a race he dominated from start to finish. Solberg in a Citroen Xsara finished well clear of Sebastien Loeb (Citroen Xsara) of 
Sanders #39; RBI single in 11th puts away Dodgers The big boys stepped aside on Sunday and let the other guys have a little fun. With Albert Pujols, Edgar Renteria and Reggie Sanders out of the lineup, the Cardinals 
Cowboys Release 12 Players (AP) AP - Jamar Martin, a promising fullback who struggled on special teams, was one of 12 players released Sunday by the Dallas Cowboys.
Oklahoma Balances Offense With Rushing (AP) AP - Kejuan Jones ran left, ran right and ran himself ragged.
Several Mass. Communities Eye Wind Power (AP) AP - Wind power projects are in various stages around the state, from the Atlantic coast in the east to the wooded slopes of the Berkshire Mountains in the west, gigantic towers whose hurtling blades are designed to create clean energy.
Bush's Convention Tops Kerry's in Primetime Polling (Reuters) Reuters - The country may be more\or less evenly divided along partisan lines when it comes to\the presidential race, but the Republican Party prevailed in\the Nielsen polling of this summer's nominating conventions.
Scientists Study Algae Growth in N.J. Bays (AP) AP - Ocean researchers are conducting studies on New Jersey's bays, which have been beset by algae whose growth is fostered by fertilizers and other pollution. "The stuff is growing like wildfire," said Michael Kennish, a Rutgers University professor studying the effects of the algae and pollution that spawns it.
AL Wrap: Schilling Helps Red Sox Keep Heat on Yankees  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Curt Schilling won his major league  leading 18th game and David Ortiz hit his 35th home run as the  Boston Red Sox edged the Texas Rangers 6-5 in American League  at Fenway Park Sunday.
Champion Roddick Storms Past Canas  By Martyn Herman  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Champion Andy Roddick continued to set a  fierce pace at the U.S. Open Sunday with a 6-1, 6-3, 6-3  victory over Argentine Guillermo Canas in the third round.
Dollar Near High Vs Yen on Jobs Data  TOKYO (Reuters) - The dollar rose near a  two-and-a-half-week high versus the yen on Monday after a jump  late last week following a U.S. employment report.
Graham Says U.S. Shielded Saudis from Sept 11 Links (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. Sen. Bob Graham, intelligence\committee chairman in the run-up to the Iraq war, said on\Sunday the Bush administration had "taken every step" to shield\Saudi Arabia from links to the Sept. 11 attacks.
Heavy Rains, Flooding Kill 55 in China's Sichuan (Reuters) Reuters - Flooding and landslides set off by\heavy rains have killed 55 people and left 52 missing in\China's southwestern province of Sichuan, state media said on\Monday.
Parks Canada relieved union dropped plan for general strike (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - EDMONTON (CP) - Parks Canada managers are breathing a sigh of relief after threats by unionized employees to pull all workers off the job during the busy long weekend failed to materialize.
Couch, Gildon, Levens Among NFL Cuts (AP) AP - The top overall draft choice in the 1999 draft by Cleveland, Tim Couch was released by the Browns in June. He joined the Packers and was projected as Brett Favre's backup. But the quarterback never progressed, and the Packers cut him Sunday as teams got down to the 53-man roster limit for the regular season.
Chiefs Trim Roster to 53 (AP) AP - The Kansas City Chiefs terminated the contract of kicker Morten Andersen and put middle linebacker Mike Maslowski on injured reserve Sunday.
NL Wrap: Lamb on Fire as Astros Roast Slumping Pirates (Reuters) Reuters - Mike Lamb homered, drove in four runs\and had four hits as the streaking Houston Astros beat the\Pittsburgh Pirates 10-5 in National League play at Minute Maid\Park Sunday, their ninth straight victory.
Nokia Lifts Profile in a Rising Cellphone Market Global cellphone sales rose to record levels in the second quarter as Nokia clawed back some of its lost market share, according to figures released Thursday.
Australia defy the handicap The absence of Adam Gilchrist and Glen McGrath was a significant handicap Australia carried at Lord #39;s on Saturday, but it was not so heavy as to prevent them beating Pakistan in the NatWest International.
NL Wrap: Lamb on Fire as Astros Roast Slumping Pirates Mike Lamb homered, drove in four runs and had four hits as the streaking Houston Astros beat the Pittsburgh Pirates 10-5 in National League play at Minute Maid Park Sunday, their ninth straight victory.
Batista double brings home winner in 12th as Expos down Braves 4-3 MONTREAL (CP) - Tony Batista #39;s one-out double to the gap in left scored Endy Chavez from first base with the winning run in the 12th inning as the Montreal Expos completed their 13-game homestand with a 4-3 win Sunday over the Atlanta Braves.
UN says another 3,000 displaced in Darfur adding that half of those who had fled their homes had been moved to a camp in Zam Zam.  quot;There has been a sharp upturn in the number of attacks throughout the southern part of North Darfur, quot; it said.
Seoul #39;s uranium bombshell stokes regional nuke fears S. Korea #39;s secret tests reveal its ability to develop nuclear arms in a region where other nations may have similar ambitions.
Report Suggests Employment Turnaround for Ohio After losing nearly 200,000 jobs since 2000, new economic report suggest that Ohio  #39;s manufacturing sector may be starting to stabilize.
AL Wrap: Schilling Helps Red Sox Keep Heat on Yankees Curt Schilling won his major league leading 18th game and David Ortiz hit his 35th home run as the Boston Red Sox edged the Texas Rangers 6-5 in American League at Fenway Park Sunday.
Earlier start will aid Dolphins #39; return NEW ORLEANS -- The kickoff for Friday night #39;s preseason game between the Miami Dolphins and the New Orleans Saints was moved ahead 30 minutes, to give the Dolphins extra time to return home as Hurricane Frances moved toward the Florida coast.
EU #39;s Monti reveals support for Santander #39;s Abbey bid MARIO Monti has thrown his support behind Banco Santander Centrale Hispanos 8.75 billion bid for Abbey National, after he said that the offer contributes to European Union single market goals.
Donald vindicates Langer #39;s faith LUKE Donald gave Bernhard Langer the response he was looking for yesterday by romping to victory in the Omega European Masters just a week after being handed the final wild-card for next months European Ryder Cup team.
Batista #39;s double in 12th beats Braves After going hitless in his previous 23 at-bats, Tony Batista came through at the perfect time for the Montreal Expos. Batista hit a one-out RBI double in the 12th inning and the Expos ended 
Iraq extends al-Jazeera ban and raids offices Iraqi security officers stormed al-Jazeera #39;s Baghdad offices and sealed the newsroom with red wax at the weekend after the US-backed interim government banned the Arabic television station from broadcasting in the country.
Global Warming Thaws Arctic, Divides Governments (Reuters) Reuters - Global warming is set to accelerate in the\Arctic and bring drastic change for people and wildlife in\coming decades, according to a draft report that has opened\cracks among nations in the region about how to slow the thaw.
Frances Weakens, Continues to Hammer Florida (Reuters) Reuters - Storm-weary Floridians emerged from\east coast hurricane shelters on Sunday as weakened Tropical\Storm Frances moved to the state's west coast after whipping\off roofs, washing sailboats ashore and cutting power to 4\million people.
Ancient Bison Bone Found in Texas (AP) AP - A research dig on the site of a proposed Lubbock zoo has turned up a pieces of an ancient bison bone. Daniel Rafuse  #151; one of a three-person team from Texas Tech University and the Lubbock Lake Landmark working the site  #151; said that the bone was found nearly 7 feet below the surface.
Atlanta Cuts 12-Year Veteran Whitfield (AP) AP - Bob Whitfield's 12-year career with the Atlanta Falcons ended Sunday afternoon when he was released.
Singh Extends Lead Over Woods, Nears Top Ranking  NORTON, Massachusetts (Reuters) - Fiji's Vijay Singh took a  step closer to gaining the world number one ranking by  extending his lead to three shots over Tiger Woods in Sunday's  third round of the \$5 million Deutsche Bank Championship.
Russia Mourns Hostage Killings, Questions Mount for Putin  BESLAN, Russia (Reuters) - Flags flew at half-mast across  Russia on Monday at the start of national mourning for 338  people killed when Chechen rebels seized a school, while  questions mounted over President Vladimir Putin's policies.
Child death inquiries set for change An independent inquiry is set to recommend sweeping changes to the way sudden infant deaths are investigated.
Depth of Planning by Rebels Is Evident in School's Remains Investigators suspect Chechen rebels had hidden weapons or other equipment beneath the first-floor library weeks or months before their attack on a Russian school.
Democrats Claim Bush's Bounce Will Fade WASHINGTON - Democrats on Sunday said President Bush's post-convention bounce was triggered by "four days of mean, vicious attacks" on John Kerry, and would be short-lived.    They vowed a nonstop, two-month offensive to make up for any lost ground as Kerry made personnel changes at the top of his campaign for the final sprint to Election Day...
Serena, Capriati, Roddick Advance at Open (AP) AP - Serena Williams served notice that her shaky knee is holding up just fine, sweeping past Patty Schnyder 6-4, 6-2 Sunday to reach the quarterfinals of the U.S. Open. She faces yet another matchup with Jennifer Capriati, who beat Ai Sugiyama 7-5, 6-2.
Williams Thumps Schnyder, Roddick Roars On  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Serena Williams and Andy Roddick  produced some explosive tennis at the U.S. Open on Sunday as  their respective title challenges gained strength.
Fewer students pursue MBA A shrinking pool of young adults, a dearth of international students and a tight job market are reducing demand for traditional, two-year master #39;s of business administration programs across the country.
Falcons release Whitfield, make seven other moves Flowery Branch, GA (Sports Network) - Atlanta released offensive tackle Bob Whitfield and made seven other moves Sunday to reach the 53-man roster limit.
Russia mourns as questions mount for Putin BESLAN: Flags are flying at half-mast across Russia today as the nation begins mourning for 338 people killed when Chechen rebels seized a school.
Schroeder #39;s Party Routed in German Vote BERLIN Sept. 5, 2004 - Chancellor Gerhard Schroeder #39;s party was routed in elections Sunday in the small western state of Saarland, where public anger over his cuts in social programs also boosted a small 
Apple unveils super-thin iMac #39; Apple Computer launched the newest version of its iMac model, which at two inches (five centimeters) is the worlds thinnest desktop computer, the company said.
Intel demonstrates next generation process technology SANTA CLARA, Calif., - Intel Corporation has built fully functional SRAM (Static Random Access Memory) chips using 65 nanometer (nm) technology, its next generation high-volume semiconductor manufacturing process.
Eriksson:  #39;I will not panic. I trust the players. I think we &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; It was not quite a rallying call in the class of Corporal Jones, but the message from Sven Goran Eriksson sounded worryingly familiar yesterday.
Golf: Luke Donald of England Captures European Masters English golfer Luke Donald has captured the European Masters tournament in Crans-sur-sierre, Switzerland by five strokes, for his second victory on the European Tour.
Greece brought back to earth Greece, whose European Championship triumph stunned football only two months ago, suffered a rapid fall from grace when they were beaten by Albania in their opening qualifier for the 2006 World Cup.
Ponting confident about Kasprowicz LONDON: Australia captain Ricky Ponting admitted the form of Michael Kasprowicz had left the world champions with a problem to solve ahead of the ICC Champions Trophy which gets underway in England on Friday.
Prosecutor to drop rape charge against Kobe Bryant Prosecutors in the Kobe Bryant rape case will ask a judge on Wednesday to drop the rape charge against the basketball player, a source close to the case said.
Ronaldo #39;s early goal sparks Brazil Ronaldo scored less than a minute into the game, and Brazil rolled over Bolivia 3-1 in World Cup qualifying Sunday. Ronaldo volleyed in a rebound just 50 seconds in, and Ronaldinho and Adriano followed with 
Earthquakes rattle western Japan At least four people were injured, news reports said, but no damage was immediately reported. A quake measuring 6.8 on the Richter Scale hit western Japan shortly after 7pm (2000 AEST), followed five hours 
Turkish Company to Leave Iraq, After Driver Kidnapped A Turkish shipping company says it is withdrawing from Iraq, after militants kidnapped one of its drivers and threatened to behead him.
Frances Expected to Cost Insurers  #36;2B- #36;5B (AP) AP - Hurricanes Charley and Frances dealt Florida a one-two punch that ravaged citrus groves and ground the state's most important industry to a halt by keeping tourists away from its sandy beaches and fantasy-filled theme parks.
Strong Earthquakes Rattle Western Japan (AP) AP - Two strong earthquakes, one magnitude 6.9 and the second magnitude 7.3, rattled western Japan within hours of each other Sunday night, injuring 14 people, shaking buildings in Tokyo and triggering tsunami waves.
Ronaldo's Early Goal Sparks Brazil (AP) AP - Ronaldo scored less than a minute into the game, and Brazil rolled over Bolivia 3-1 in World Cup qualifying Sunday.
Democrats Claim Bush's Bounce Will Fade (AP) AP - Democrats on Sunday said President Bush's post-convention bounce was triggered by "four days of mean, vicious attacks" on John Kerry, and would be short-lived.
Bush Challenges Kerry on Jobs, Economy (AP) AP - President Bush dropped in on one of the fall campaign's most contested states for the second Sunday in a row, telling cheering partisans that his economic policies are building prosperity while Democrat John Kerry "wants to tax your jobs."
Nikkei Opens Higher, Lifted by Survey  TOKYO (Reuters) - Tokyo's Nikkei average opened up 0.58  percent on Monday with buyers picking up a broad range of  stocks after key economic survey renewed hopes over Japan's  economic outlook.
Japanese Stocks May Rise on US Job Growth; Toyota May Advance Japanese stocks may rise after a US government report showed accelerating job growth, suggesting that the world #39;s largest economy is emerging from a midyear lull.
Brazilian singer mines musical heritage for stellar debut SAO PAULO, Brazil - Brazilian newcomer Maria Rita, one of the big winners at this year #39;s Latin Grammy show, treats her family #39;s rich musical legacy as a personal gold watch, a treasure to be guarded but not used as an up-to-date timepiece.
Redskins, Redmond,  amp; Red Ink What was Dan Snyder thinking? No, I #39;m not referring to the whole Steve Spurrier fiasco. This has nothing to do with his Washington Redskins team -- though one can argue that it #39;s a reasonably brisk jog between 
After delays, Intel points to chip-making advance Intel Corp is on track to introduce the worlds most advanced chip production technology in its products next year, the largest semiconductor maker said on Sunday.
Software Assurance pressures Microsoft Microsoft wants to release its Longhorn client operating system in 2006 to appease customers that have bought into its Software Assurance licensing package, according to analyst Gartner.
Singh holds onto lead in Boston Vijay Singh leads the PGA Tour #39;s money list by an ever-widening margin. He is running away with the player of the year award. And on Sunday he moved within 18 holes of another big prize.
India defy Vaughan heroics INDIA saw off a Michael Vaughan-inspired recovery to beat England by 23 runs in the third one-day international at Lord #39;s today.
The Australian supremacy in danger Pakistans defeat at the hands of the Australians by only 17 runs in the Videocon Trophy final followed by a 10 runs loss at the Lords indicate that the Australian supremacy over the world cricket is in danger.
Around the NFL Sunday The top overall draft choice in the 1999 draft by Cleveland, Couch was released by the Browns in June. He joined the Packers and was projected as Brett Favre #39;s backup.
Turkish company withdraws from Iraq to save hostage Turkey #39;s Renay International Transportation Company announced to withdraw from Iraq on Sunday, after one of its employees was kidnapped in Iraq Saturday, Anatolia News Agency reported.
Pontiff beatifies three LORETO, Italy: Pope John Paul II yesterday beatified three members of an international lay Catholic movement at an huge open-air mass near the central Italian town of Loreto.
Back-To-School Shopping Now Includes Electronics For back-to-school shoppers, a new alphabet reigns, and it starts with E for electronics. With camera cell phones and the Apple iPod music player topping student wish lists, some of the hottest gadgets have little to do with pen or paper, much less studying.
Split story for businesses during Convention If it had been up to Katie Rosin, she would have been on vacation last week. Rosin, the spokeswoman for pottery retailer and wholesaler Our Name is Mud, knew business would be very slow 
EMC hires former IBM veteran as CTO EMC last week said it has hired former IBM veteran Jeffrey M. Nick as chief technology officer for the storage vendor. Nick, who left IBM in June following 24 years with the company 
I #39;ll only resign if we fail to make finals Sven-Goran Eriksson is convinced he is moving in the right direction, although critics believe the England manager is just stuck in a rut.
Flintoff #39;s absence makes the heart grow fonder There is an unfair notion that England are a one-man team and it gained credence here yesterday when they looked distinctly ordinary without Andrew Flintoff #39;s muscular and multi-skilled ability.
Brazil turn on style BRAZIL turned on the style here today to stay firmly on course for the 2006 World Cup finals. Ronaldo, Ronaldinho and Adriano found the net in the first-half, with only some inspired goalkeeping from Leonardo 
Egypt hold off late Cameroon rally Egypt held on to upset Cameroon 3-2, Mali conceded a 2-2 draw to Senegal and Nigeria dispatched Zimbabwe 3-0 in African zone World Cup qualifying on Sunday.
Warrsan wins battle for Brittain Clive Brittain is a trainer who cannot see a horizon without wanting to cross it, and in the doughty and unflappable Warrsan, he seems to have yet another horse who shares his endless enthusiasm.
Sharon promises cooperation with Russia to combat terrorism Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon made a telephone call to Russian President Vladimir Putin on Sunday, promising Israeli cooperation with Russia to concentrate efforts to 
Prime Minister John Howard Mark Riley, Seven #39;s Chief Political Reporter: Good morning Mr Howard, welcome back to the program. John Howard, Prime Minister of Australia: Morning, Mark.
Singh Extends Lead Over Woods, Closing on Top Spot  NORTON, Massachusetts (Reuters) - Fiji's Vijay Singh took a  step closer to gaining the world number one ranking by  extending his lead to three shots over Tiger Woods in Sunday's  third round of the \$5 million Deutsche Bank Championship.
Crisis talks at Alitalia ROME The survival of Italy #39;s flag carrier will be at stake on Monday when Alitalia meets its unions to reveal how many jobs it intends to cut in a restructuring aimed at averting collapse.
Millions Left Without Power as Hurricane Frances Strikes Four million people were tonight without power in Florida as Hurricane Frances smashed its way across the sunshine state. The storm which has left thousands of British holidaymakers 
Stadler wins again Pebble Beach, CA (Sports Network) - Craig Stadler won for the second consecutive week on the Champions Tour when he captured the First Tee Open at Pebble Beach on Sunday.
Jags cut Compton, Maddox Veteran offensive lineman Mike Compton and rookie defensive tackle Anthony Maddox were among the 12 players cut by the Jacksonville Jaguars on Sunday.
Troops captured most-wanted Hussein aide, Iraq reports BAGHDAD - Iraqi troops captured the most wanted fugitive from Saddam Hussein #39;s fallen regime on Sunday, the country #39;s Defence Ministry said.
Pakistani, Indian FMs agree on series of CBMs NEW DELHI, September 06 (Online): Pakistan and India Sunday agreed on a series of confidence-building measures (CBMs), including talks on starting a bus service between the divided parts of Kashmir, in a bid to normalise ties.
BBC finds security lapses at airport Persistent and alarming lapses in security at Manchester airport have been exposed by an undercover BBC film, which shows planes left unlocked overnight and falsification of x-ray search records.
Chamberlain Among 20 Cut by Broncos (AP) AP - Tight ends Byron Chamberlain and Jed Weaver were among the 20 players cut by the Denver Broncos on Sunday.
Strong earthquakes rattle western Japan, triggering tsunami waves (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - TOKYO (AP) - Two strong earthquakes, one magnitude 6.9 and the second magnitude 7.3, rattled western Japan within hours of each other Sunday night, injuring 14 people, shaking buildings in Tokyo and triggering tsunami waves.
Bubka Hoping to Scale Heights - Like Dad (AP) AP - He's got the same name as his famous father. He's also got a lot of athletic ability.
Frances Weakens, Continues to Hammer Florida (Reuters) Reuters - Storm-weary Floridians emerged from\east coast hurricane shelters on Sunday as a weakened Tropical\Storm Frances moved to the state's west coast after whipping\off roofs, washing sailboats ashore and cutting power to nearly\6 million people.
Mad Muppets top cult science poll Dr Bunsen Honeydew and his indestructible lab assistant, Beaker, are the UK's favourite TV boffins.
Frances Knocks Out Power and Floods Florida Hurricane Frances' wind and water whacked swaths of Florida with fire-hose force Sunday, submerging entire roadways and tearing off rooftops even as it weakened to a tropical storm and crawled inland with heavy rain. More than 5 million people lost power.
Students Aiming to Avoid the 'Freshman 15' All-you-can-eat dorm dining. Late-night pizza parties. Tacos, burgers, barbecue, beer. It's a recipe for the "freshman 15" - as in 15 more pounds for the new college student.
China Stocks May Fall After Government Takes Over 4 Brokerages China shares may decline after the government took over Hantang Securities Co. and three brokerages controlled by failed investment company Xinjiang D #39;Long Group Co.
Williams Thumps Schnyder, Roddick Roars On Serena Williams and Andy Roddick produced some explosive tennis at the US Open on Sunday as their respective title challenges gained strength.
Chamberlain among 20 players cut by Broncos Tight ends Byron Chamberlain and Jed Weaver were among the 20 players cut by the Denver Broncos on Sunday. Heading into this season, Chamberlain and Weaver were considered the leading candidates to replace Shannon Sharpe, who retired in the offseason.
Bjorkman, Woodbridge latest seeds to fall The men #39;s doubles draw was blown wide open at the US Open when top seeds and defending champions Jonas Bjorkman and Todd Woodbridge 
ASEAN recognizes China as market economy JAKARTA: Member countries of the Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN) announced on Saturday they recognize China #39;s full market economy status.
Choices in The Quantum Universe Asking questions about the quantum universe is a fool's game: one cannot get a single answer, only a probability. A committee of particle physicists bounced this concept around a table to pose the top nine questions, and a probable path to answering them.
Stock market weaker THE local stock market weakened today, reflecting the losses on Wall Street on Friday night. By 10.12am (AEST) the benchmark S amp;P/ASX 200 index was 2.7 points lower at 3574.
HBOS fury as EU backs Santander #39;s Abbey bid HBOS, THE Halifax and Bank of Scotland group that is considering whether to make a bid for Abbey National, yesterday reacted furiously to a statement from Mario Monti 
Veteran tight ends get pink slip If Shannon Sharpe, who was at the Broncos #39; exhibition finale on Thursday and spotted at team headquarters this weekend, wanted to he could roll off the 
Woodbridge down but not out Todd Woodbridge ruled out any thoughts of retirement after his quest for back-to-back US Open men #39;s doubles titles ended with a third-round defeat at Flushing Meadows today.
China Threatens Internet Porn Merchants with Life (Reuters) Reuters - China has intensified its battle\against Internet and mobile phone pornography by threatening\distributors with life in prison, Xinhua news agency said.
Palestinian Killed in Israeli Missile Strike -Medics  GAZA (Reuters) - A Palestinian was killed when the Israeli  military fired a missile during a hunt for militants behind the  killing of an Israeli soldier in the central Gaza Strip  Tuesday, Palestinian medics said.
Tokyo Stocks Open Higher, US Dollar Up Tokyo stocks opened moderately higher Monday on bargain hunting following Friday #39;s losses. The US dollar was up against the Japanese yen.
Broker woes to scare investors Mainland shares may decline after the government #39;s takeover of Hantang Securities and three brokerages controlled by failed investment company Xinjiang D #39;Long Group because of worries about other crackdowns to come, market analyst Thomas Zhang said.
Former teacher won \$825,000 in a suit against a Sony executive and &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; A Filipino woman who won an \$825,000 lawsuit, claiming a Hollywood executive and his wife enslaved her, has called for an end to human trafficking.
Sweep in the Cards: St. Louis wins ninth in a row St. Louis, MO (Sports Network) - Hector Luna tripled and scored the winning run on Reggie Sanders #39; pinch-hit single in the 11th inning, as the St.
Colorado Is Not Quite All Better The scene at the end of Colorado #39;s victory Saturday night probably was not what the university was looking for after a tumultuous off-season.
China rainfall death toll at 19 The death toll from torrential rainfall in China #39;s Sichuan province rose to 19 Sunday, reported Xinhua, China #39;s government-run news agency.
Monti blasted over Abbey comments Banking group HBOS yesterday criticised European Competition Commissioner Mario Monti for appearing to welcome the 8.8 billion takeover of Abbey National 
Amatong confirms NPC bonds issue bid SANTIAGO, Chile (Dow Jones) - The Philippine government is poised to tap debt markets to raise money for loss-making National Power Corp.
IBM Prices New Disk Servers To Undercut Rivals IBM on Friday unveiled new low-cost storage servers that the computer giant #39;s using to undercut wares from rivals Hewlett-Packard and Dell/EMC in the small- and mid-sized markets.
India sign off with a heartening victory Sunday was one of those days, where you get to see one batting collapse in the morning and then, are treated to a special double in the afternoon.
White played for Nuggets past two seasons WASHINGTON -- Three men, including NBA free agent Rodney White, face weapons charges after a uniformed Secret Service officer allegedly saw them randomly shooting in the air early Sunday morning while driving on Rock Creek and Potomac Parkway.
US Open Glance RESULTS: Men, third round: No. 2 Andy Roddick, No. 18 Tommy Robredo and No. 28 Joachim Johansson won. Also advancing to the fourth round were Tomas Berdych, Tommy Haas and Michael Llodra.
Iraqi minister says Saddam Hussein could face trial in  quot;weeks quot; KUWAIT CITY Iraq #39;s minister of state says Saddam Hussein could face trial within  quot;a few weeks quot; -- or sometime later this year.
Dollar Near High Vs Yen After Job Data (Reuters) Reuters - The dollar hovered near a\two-and-a-half-week high versus the yen on Monday, helped by a\positive U.S. jobs report last week and the yen's failure to\capitalize on stronger-than-expected corporate spending data.
Russia Tops Slovakia in World Cup Hockey (AP) AP - Pavel Datsyuk, Alex Kovalev, Sergei Samsonov, Alexei Yashin and Alexander Ovechkin scored to help Russia beat Slovakia 5-2 on Sunday night in the final preliminary game in the World Cup of Hockey.
Australia #39;s API Buys New Price Chain For A\$112.4M -2 MELBOURNE (Dow Jones)--Australian Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd. (API.AU) said Monday it agreed to buy health, beauty and lifestyle retailer New Price Retail for A\$112.
Tokyo Stocks Higher, Lifted by Survey Tokyo stocks rose by mid-morning on Monday with a broad range of issues getting a lift from a key survey that boosted optimism on Japan #39;s economic outlook, with expectations rising that growth figures will be revised up.
HBOS cries foul as Monti  #39;favours #39; bid HBOS questioned yesterday the impartiality of the European Union #39;s competition commissioner, Mario Monti, after he made comments that appeared to be favourable to a bid for Abbey National by the Spanish bank Santander Central Hispano.
Hollinger eyes sale of new media subsidiary - FT Chicago-based publisher Hollinger International Inc. (HLR.N: Quote, Profile, Research) is considering the sale or merger of assets at its new media arm, a British newspaper said on Monday.
Smolinski helps US get in win column A couple of players who weren #39;t able to crack the US lineup when the World Cup began earlier this week helped propel the Americans to victory in a game they had no choice but to win.
No. 25 Purdue Opens With a 51-0 Rout of Syracuse yle Orton passed for 287 yards and a career-high 4 touchdowns to lead No. 25 Purdue to a 51-0 victory yesterday over visiting Syracuse, the Boilermakers #39; first shutout in four years.
Rodney White, two others accused of shooting guns while driving Free-agent forward Rodney White and two other men face weapons charges after a uniformed Secret Service officer reported seeing them randomly shooting into the air early Sunday.
Moses Survives As Texans Kick Returner (AP) AP - Diminutive J.J. Moses, the NFL's shortest player last season, fended off spirited summer competition for his job to remain the Houston Texans' kick returner.
Bob Evans, mainframe pioneer, dies at 77 Bob Evans, an IBM computer scientist who helped to develop the modern mainframe computer, died Thursday. He was 77. Evans died of heart failure at his at his home in the San Francisco suburb of Hillsborough, his son Evan told the Associated Press.
IBM adds iSCSI to SANs IBM moved back into the iSCSI (Internet SCSI) market Friday with a new array priced at US\$3,000 and aimed at the small and midsize business market.
Donald #39;s revival lifts Langer Luke Donald kept his cool in the Swiss mountains to see off two of his more distinguished Ryder Cup team-mates and win the European Masters here yesterday.
Egypt defeat Cameroon in World Cup qualifier Egypt on Sunday defeated Cameroon 3-2 in Group 3 of the African qualifications for the 2006 World Cup in Germany. Mohammad Shawqi put the Pharaohs in the lead with a nice headerin the injury time of the first half.
Western Japan Shaken by Two Strong Quakes; 18 Hurt, Kyodo Says Western Japan around Osaka was shaken by two strong earthquakes yesterday, causing 18 injuries and triggering tsunami warnings along the coast, Kyodo News reported.
Dozens dead and missing in storms AT least 64 people were killed and 65 missing in torrential storms lashing south-west China, disaster relief officials and state media said today.
HBOS weighs up Abbey bid Banking group HBOS today stayed silent on claims that its bosses will meet this week to finalise plans for a 10bn (14.7bn) bid for Abbey National.
Police: Shooting in Detroit leaves 2 men dead, 1 wounded Two people were in custody Sunday following a shootout between two groups of people that left two men dead and a third man wounded, police said Sunday.
IBM storage server targets midsize companies IBM last Friday announced that it will release a low-price disk server aimed at midsize companies that want to establish storage area networks.
GSM :- Global handset sales reached record in Q2 of 2004 GLOBAL handset sales rose to record levels in the second quarter, putting the industry on track to ship 650 million cell phones in 2004 as market leader Nokia halted its decline, a survey said.
Donald romps to Masters win England #39;s Luke Donald won the European Masters by five shots for his second victory on the European Tour. Donald, who won the Scandinavian Masters six weeks ago, shot a final-round 66 to finish five ahead of overnight leader Miguel Angel Jimenez.
Indian bowlers too good for England England captain Michael Vaughan hit 74, but India #39;s bowlers delivered a consolation victory in the third and final NatWest Challenge one-day cricket international at Lord #39;s.
Sharon promises cooperation with Russia to combat terrorism Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon made a telephone call to Russian President Vladimir Putin on Sunday, promising Israeli cooperation with Russia to concentrate efforts to combat terrorism, local newspaper Haaretz reported on its website.
Floods kill 64 in southwest China; search for the missing &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Torrential floods in southwest China have claimed at least 64 lives, prompting the beleaguered local government to seek help Monday from the military in rescuing hundreds trapped by mudslides and caved-in roads, state media reported.
Authorities in Arenac County investigate apparent murder-suicide A 30-year-old man and 30-year-old woman were found dead inside a home in what investigators believe is a murder-suicide, Arenac County authorities said in a statement.
China intensifies fight against Internet porn China has intensified its battle against Internet and mobile phone pornography by threatening distributors with life in prison, Xinhua news agency says.
Russians clinch second seed behind Canada Toronto, ON (Sports Network) - Alexei Kovalev and Sergei Samsonov scored 3:46 apart in the second period to give Russia the lead for good on the way to a 5-2 win over Slovakia in the World Cup #39;s preliminary round finale at the Air Canada Centre.
Kasuri to meet Singh, Kashmir separatists External Affairs Minister Natwar Singh and his Pakistani counterpart Khurshid Mehmud Kasuri will be meeting for the second consecutive day today.
No Favorite In Race to Treat Lupus Race to bring to market the most important new drug to treat lupus in 40 years hardly seems an even match. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Barry Bonds Floats Their Boats While Barry Bonds takes aim at 700 home runs, fans wait patiently on the waters of McCovey Cove behind SBC Park for the ultimate prize.
Poker Proves a Hot Hand for Gaming Industry Card game's popularity is fanned by a combination of television, technology and, for some, the allure of big money.
Malpractice Insurers Face a Tough Market In Maryland, requests from state's largest malpractice insurer to raise premiums an average of 41 percent has triggered a fierce debate.
Colorado Is Not Quite All Better The scene at the end of Colorado's victory Saturday night probably was not what the university was looking for after a tumultuous off-season.
Patience Helps Build Trust in Land Deals Developers find themselves pushing harder, agreeing to bend more and working patiently through the unique concerns of landowners.
Bob Evans, mainframe pioneer, dies at 77 Evans led a team that developed a new class of mainframe computers that allowed different applications to be run simultaneously.
2nd Hurricane Deepens Wounds in Stricken Florida One death was reported as Hurricane Frances hit some of the same stops that Hurricane Charley visited three weeks ago.
Russian Rebels Had Precise Plan Investigators suspect that the attackers had secreted a cache of weapons in the school weeks before their brutal attack.
Digging Out From One Storm, Hit Hard by Another The lights went out about 2 am Sunday for the Patel family here, just as they did 23 days earlier. Through the night the family listened to the rain dripping into 
Spacecraft visible returning from outer space If you go outside early on Wednesday morning you might see an incredible sight - a spacecraft returning from outer space. After a whirlwind tour a million miles from Earth, the Genesis spacecraft is returning.
Greece: Albanian youth killed by Greeks after the soccer game Prishtin, 5 September 2004 - (KosovoNews) - An Albanian youth was killed on the island of Zakinthos on Saturday night after being stabbed while young Albanian soccer fans were celebrating their country #39;s win over Greece in a World Soccer Cup qualifier 
Ovechkin caps off Russian win Alex Kovalev and Sergei Samsonov scored in the second period to lead Russia to a 5-2 victory over Slovakia on Sunday night, clinching second place in the North American pool at the World Cup of Hockey.
COL FB: Purdue 51, Syracuse 0 Kyle Orton threw for 287 yards and a career-high four touchdowns Sunday to lead 24th-ranked Purdue to a 51-0 rout of Syracuse. Taylor Stubblefield caught five passes for 
NCAA Game Summary - Fresno State At Washington Seattle, WA -- The Fresno State defense forced five turnovers, three of them being returned for touchdowns, as the Bulldogs defeated the Washington Huskies by a score of 35-16 in the season opener for both schools at Husky Stadium.
Death toll 55 in southwest China flooding BEIJING -- Rescuers in southwest China sought help from the military Monday as they searched for dozens of people missing in torrential floods.
Labor warns marginals on Telstra sale THE Howard government would sell the rest of Telstra within months of a return to power, Labor warned. With a Newspoll showing the government in a winning position in 12 key marginal seats, Labor seized on 
Floods Kill 55 in China, No Let-Up in Sight (Reuters) Reuters - Floods and landslides have killed 55\people in southwest China in the past four days, washing away\homes and roads, knocking down power lines and leaving at least\one city cut off, state media said on Monday.
Angels Beat Indians, Creep Closer to A's (AP) AP - John Lackey allowed two hits in 7 1-3 innings and the Anaheim Angels moved a little closer to Oakland in the AL West with a 2-1 victory over the Cleveland Indians on Sunday night.
AL Wrap: Schilling Helps Red Sox Keep Heat on Yankees (Reuters) Reuters - Curt Schilling won his major league\leading 18th game and David Ortiz hit his 35th home run as the\Boston Red Sox edged the Texas Rangers 6-5 in American League\at Fenway Park Sunday.
Floods Kill 55 in China, No Let-Up in Sight  BEIJING (Reuters) - Floods and landslides have killed 55  people in southwest China in the past four days, washing away  homes and roads, knocking down power lines and leaving at least  one city cut off, state media said on Monday.
Taiwanese PC Maker on Verge of Sales Push Into U.S. and China Acer, the Taiwanese personal computer maker, has appointed an Italian to replace its current president, a move that underscores its raging global ambitions.
Yankees Walk to Win A bases-loaded walk from the O's Jorge Julio in the ninth gives the Yankees a 4-3 win over the Orioles.
Jones Leads Cowboys to Stunning Win Over Seahawks  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Julius Jones scored on a 17-yard  touchdown run with 37 seconds left as the Dallas Cowboys scored  two touchdowns in the last two minutes to stun the Seattle  Seahawks 43-39 in the National Football League Monday.
Purdue Slams Syracuse Kyle Orton passes for 287 yards and a career-high four touchdowns to lead the Boilermakers to a 51-0 victory over Syracuse on Sunday.
Caps' Ovechkin Scores The Capitals' top pick in last April's draft, Alexander Ovechkin, scores to help Russia down Slovakia, 5-2, on Sunday night.
The Cards Are Destiny's Children They were 4-12 last year. They have had a losing record in 15 of 16 seasons since the franchise last relocated. They have won one playoff game since 1947.
Soccer Loss Turns Ugly Greek and Albanian soccer fans fought across Greece as Athens police fired tear gas to disperse crowds following a loss by European champion Greece in a World Cup qualifier.
THEREVIEW Though Electronic Arts' Madden NFL video games have always set the standard for how the game is played on the virtual field, this year's edition makes its biggest strides by incorporating what teams go through off it.
Jason Giambi's Agent Makes Statement (AP) AP - Jason Giambi's agent said the New York Yankees first baseman appreciated the support of fans, though he didn't address a report last week that said his client told a grand jury he used steroids.
007-Style Retrieval of Solar Particles In a piece of aerial razzle-dazzle worthy of a James Bond movie, a NASA spacecraft is scheduled to drop a capsule into Earth #39;s atmosphere Wednesday, and a helicopter waiting in the skies over 
Roddick Continues to Show His Dominance t has been an uninspiring United States Open for the American men, who fell apart with remarkable alacrity in the first week of the tournament.
Cricket: India Scores a 23-Run Consolation Victory Against England English cricket captain Michael Vaughan blasted a 74, but it was not enough to keep India from scoring a 23-run consolation victory in the third and final one-day international at the Lords ground in London.
In Kashmir, Abuses Bruise Hopes At first, said Syed Rehman Mir, the policemen treated him with the deference he had come to expect as a senior government doctor in the disputed Himalayan region of Kashmir.
Koizumi #39;s approval rating rises, pension reform tops concern The approval rating for Japanese Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi #39;s cabinet edged up slightly on a latest survey, with the unpopular pension reform program advocatedby him remaining 
Familiar foes meet again According to Serena Williams, at least three doctors told her not to play this US Open because her surgically repaired left knee was acting up of late.
Floods Kill 55 in China, No Let-Up in Sight Floods and landslides have killed 55 people in southwest China in the past four days, washing away homes and roads, knocking down power lines and leaving at least one city cut off, state media said on Monday.
Bahamians Recover From Deadly Frances (AP) AP - Bahamians emerged Sunday from 48 hours of roaring winds and severe flooding to witness the destruction left by Hurricane Frances: wrecked homes and collapsed roofs, yards littered with mangled trees.
At least 79 dead, 74 missing in China storms (AFP) AFP - At least 79 people were killed and 74 were missing in some of the worst storms southwest China has seen in many years, disaster relief officials said.
Jones Leads Cowboys to Stunning Win Over Seahawks (Reuters) Reuters - Julius Jones scored on a 17-yard\touchdown run with 37 seconds left as the Dallas Cowboys scored\two touchdowns in the last two minutes to stun the Seattle\Seahawks 43-39 in the National Football League Monday.
New iMacs take design cues from iPod Apple Computer #39;s new line of iMacs, which goes on sale later this month, gives the company #39;s diehard fans several reasons to upgrade, including a big speed boost and more affordable prices.
WINDOWS XP SERVICE PACK 2 Answer guide Microsoft is making a major push to get Windows users to embrace the security-focused overhaul to its XP computer operating system.
Red Hat Appoints New CFO September 2, 2004 -- (WEB HOST INDUSTRY REVIEW) -- Linux distributor Red Hat (redhat.com) announced on Thursday that it has appointed Charles E. Peters, Jr.
India end losing streak with thrilling win London: The hallowed turfs of Lord #39;s once again provided the inspiration for the Indian team who ended their five-match losing streak with a thrilling 23-run victory over England in the third and final NatWest Challenge one-day cricket international here 
Mauresmo #39;s Heart Is Far From Gone full of hope in the latter stages of a Grand Slam tournament. And she is achingly aware of how all the others ended. Mauresmo, 25, is a showcase for heartbreak in tennis.
Bob Evans, IBM mainframe pioneer, dies at 77 Evans led a team that developed a new class of mainframe computers that allowed different applications to be run simultaneously.
Ernst  amp; Young Faces Inquiry in Britain he British arm of the accounting firm Ernst  amp; Young faces an investigation into its auditing of Equitable Life Assurance Society, an insurer that almost collapsed, a spokesman for the firm said over the weekend.
England, France suffer first night nerves; Greeks tumble It was not just a two-goal lead England threw away in its opening World Cup qualifier against Austria here on Saturday. Sven-Goran Eriksson #39;s margin for error was also discarded when David James allowed Andreas 
Mauresmo crushes Schiavone to ease into last eight Second seed Amelie Mauresmo powered into the quarter-finals of the US Open with a 6-4 6-2 demolition of Francesca Schiavone, the 16th seed from Italy.
Late relief saves day for Rangers This was his day, one he #39;ll remember long after it fades from most others #39; memories. But it almost wasn #39;t that way. This was almost a disaster of the highest order, one the Rangers might never have forgotten or recovered from, for that matter.
Strong earthquake rattles western Japan A strong earthquake shook western Japan on yesterday, injuring at least four people, news reports said. There were no immediate reports of damage.
Two locals detained for spying on military Two Taiwanese men were arrested Saturday on suspicion of spying on the Air Force #39;s Mirage 2000-E fighter and Tien Kung cruise missile for China.
Dollar Firm Vs Yen on Jobs News  TOKYO (Reuters) - The dollar stayed firm against other  major currencies on Monday, helped by U.S. jobs data, but  traders said it lacked momentum to advance strongly.
China to Decide on Curbs After Aug Data  SHANGHAI (Reuters) - China will decide whether to ease or  tighten restrictions on credit and investment after reviewing  economic data for August due this month, central bank governor  Zhou Xiaochuan said on Monday.
Hong Kong textile group targets further growth after buying Guy Laroche (AFP) AFP - The Hong Kong company that bought global label Guy Laroche last week says it plans to use the prestigious French brand to spearhead its push into the yet untapped fashion riches of China.
Roddick Continues to Show His Dominance Andy Roddick pounded Guillermo Caas of Argentina, 6-1, 6-3, 6-3, to advance to the fourth round of the U.S. Open.
Products Slide Into More TV Shows, With Help From New Middlemen Television networks have worked hard in the last two years to strike their own product placement deals, closing the gap with the movies.
In Trying Time, Scaling Down Expectations of Job Growth here was a time when adding just under 150,000 jobs a month, three years into an economic recovery, would have been considered a disaster.
PHILIPPINES PRESS: Govt Mandates 3 Banks for Bond Offer MANILA (Dow Jones)--The Philippine government has mandated three investment banks to underwrite a bond offer that will raise at least \$750 million in the overseas capital market, Philippine Daily Inquirer reports, citing unnamed banking and government 
Jimenez takes lead over Ryder Cup pals Miguel Angel Jimenez shot a 5-under-par 66 Saturday to regain the lead in the European Masters with Ryder Cup teammates Luke Donald and Sergio Garcia a stroke behind.
Rugby-Super 12, Tri-nations to be expanded in 2006 The southern hemisphere #39;s Tri-nations and Super 12 rugby union competitions will be expanded from 2006, it was announced on Monday.
2nd major quake forces evacuation in western Japan WAKAYAMA -- A strong earthquake rocked Wakayama Prefecture and surrounding areas shortly before midnight Sunday, about 5 hours after a similar-sized quake hit the region.
China to Decide on Curbs After Aug Data (Reuters) Reuters - China will decide whether to ease or\tighten restrictions on credit and investment after reviewing\economic data for August due this month, central bank governor\Zhou Xiaochuan said on Monday.
No. 14 Tennessee Defeats UNLV 42-17 (AP) AP - Brent Schaeffer became the first Southeastern Conference freshman quarterback to start an opener in 59 years, running for one touchdown and throwing for another score in No. 14 Tennessee's 42-17 win over UNLV on Sunday night.
Clinton Likely to Have Surgery Monday Former President Bill Clinton's heart bypass, expected Monday, likely will be an ordinary replumbing of his ailing heart, not some new whiz-bang robotic or "keyhole" surgery, leading surgeons say.    A source close to the former president who spoke on condition of anonymity said Clinton has told him the surgery was scheduled for Monday morning...
Frances Floods Florida, Leaves Four Dead FORT PIERCE, Fla. - Hurricane Frances' wind and water whacked swaths of Florida with fire-hose force Sunday, submerging entire roadways and tearing off rooftops before weakening to a tropical storm and crawling inland with heavy rain...
Tokyo Stocks Higher, Lifted by Survey Tokyo stocks rose by midday on Monday as a broad range of issues got a lift from a key survey that boosted optimism on Japan #39;s economic outlook and raised expectations that growth figures will be revised up.
Dollar Firm Vs Yen on Jobs News The dollar stayed firm against other major currencies on Monday, helped by US jobs data, but traders said it lacked momentum to advance strongly.
Confidence slips in the service sector RISING oil prices and interest rates have hit confidence in service firms, but manufacturers have recorded their best spell of orders for nine years, two new surveys show today.
Saudi Arabia to spend US\$10.9b on development: crown prince RIYADH : Oil-rich Saudi Arabia has earmarked 41 billion riyals (10.9 billion dollars) of its expected budget surplus for development projects but will spend most of it on repaying part of its public debt, Crown Prince Abdullah bin Abdul Aziz said.
Software Keeps Insiders Out Vormetric #39;s CoreGuard helps Ocwen protect confidential information in its online exchange for the mortgage industry. By Steven Marlin.
Defer, refer if you have any doubts about updates Several weeks ago The News-Press featured an excellent article on what the Windows XP user should expect when Microsoft releases Windows XP Service Pack 2. So I #39;m pretty sure most Good Booters are aware if they #39;re in doubt as to whether or not to install 
Woolmer says Pakistan needs a  #39;Match-Winner #39; LONDON (England): Pakistan coach Bob Woolmer said his side were in desperate need of a match-winner after losing to Australia in their one-day warm-up match at Lords.
College-Football Roundup Aggies slip past Eagles on last-second &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; NCA amp;T 16, NC Central 15: Carlos Davalos kicked a 50-yard field goal as time expired to give NC A amp;T a victory against NC Central yesterday at Carter-Finley Stadium in Raleigh.
Sadler wins race, clinches spot in top 10 Elliott Sadler raced to his second victory of the season and wrapped up a spot in the NASCAR #39;s new championship playoff Sunday night at California Speedway.
Astros picking up good vibes Pete Munro cannot describe the vibe, but he can feel it. He can sense the confidence growing. So he and many of his Astros teammates weren #39;t concerned Sunday afternoon after the Pirates scored three runs in the first.
India and Pakistan Resume Kashmir Talks The foreign ministers of India and Pakistan prepared to resume talks today after harsh words over the weekend threatened to complicate the wide-ranging discussions that include their decades-old dispute over the Himalayan province of Kashmir.
Palestinians start drive for voters Palestinians launched a registration drive Saturday among 1.8 million eligible voters ahead of long-overdue elections, but few heeded the call and apathetic residents said they have little faith in the electoral process.
Russian FM Lavrov, in Israel, calls for anti-terror coalition Prime Minister Ariel Sharon and Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov independently called for an international anti-terrorist alliance yesterday, as Lavrov arrived on a scheduled visit to Israel.
Iraq violence flares leaving 44 dead Mahmudiya Sept 5: At least 44 people have been killed in one of the bloodiest days since the new Iraqi government took office, as police suffered heavy losses in two separate incidents and clashes raged between US forces and insurgents.
Steel prices likely to raise again in Japan Nippon Steel Corp. has told Toyota, Honda and Nissan it wants to raise steel prices for the second time this year, the Asahi Shimbun reports.
Toward an Efficient Saudi Development Financing Industry JEDDAH, 6 September 2004 - Development banking is defined as a form of financial intermediary providing financing to high priority investment projects in a developing economy.
Mission inside the fault zone where an earthquake killed two people last Christmas - pass on a few miles from the village of Parkfield (population 18) which has been hit six times in 
Singh extends lead, closes in on Woods Vijay Singh shot a 68 to widen his lead over Tiger Woods at the Deutsche Bank Championship, putting him one round from his sixth victory of the year and the No.
Americans to Get Another Shot at Russia By beating Slovakia, 5-2, on Sunday night at the Air Canada Center, Russia set up at least one rematch with a top rival in the World Cup of Hockey.
Vickers is at top of Pop Brian Vickers never raced in the Southern 500, so the only tradition he knows about the Labor Day weekend is winning the pole for the inaugural Pop Secret 500.
Israel Targets  #39;Forgotten Outpost #39; for Security Barrier Responding to a public outcry after a bloody Palestinian attack, Israeli bulldozers began flattening land for a security barrier in a part of the West Bank that has been ignored up to now.
Chinese floods leave dozens dead At least 64 people are now known to have died as a result of torrential rain in south-western China. About 70 more are missing in what the Xinhua news agency describes as the most destructive storms of the year in Sichuan province and nearby Chongqing.
It All Started With a Good Cup of Coffee Ten years ago last Wednesday, Cafe Cyberia, billed as the world's first Internet cafe, opened in the West End of London.
No Need to Dress Up for This Preview; Just Log On to the Home Computer The WB Network has begun previewing its television shows over the Internet, hoping to reach more viewers more quickly, especially during the busy fall season.
India-Pakistan Foreign Minister Talks End Monday  NEW DELHI (Reuters) - India and Pakistan tried on Monday to  build fresh momentum into a nine-month-old peace process that  has frayed over their dispute over Kashmir.
Sadler Prevails Elliott Sadler all but locks up his spot in the Chase for the Nextel Cup, pulling away with 10 laps to go to win the Pop Secret 500.
Toyota, Partner to Invest \$461 Mln in China Venture (Update2) Toyota Motor Corp., the world #39;s biggest carmaker by value, will invest 3.8 billion yuan (\$461 million) with its partner Guangzhou Automobile Group to boost manufacturing capacity in 
A damaged Albanian car is A damaged Albanian car is seen in central Athens, early Sunday, Sept. 5, 2004 . Greek and Albanians soccer fans fought across the country, following a loss by European champion Greece in a World Cup qualifier in Tirana.
Batista #39;s double ends three streaks After going hitless in his previous 23 at-bats, Tony Batista came through at the perfect time for the Montreal Expos. Batista hit a one-out RBI double in the 12th inning and the Expos ended 
West Japan on Guard for Aftershocks After Quakes Japanese authorities warned of possible aftershocks after two strong earthquakes hit western Japan on Sunday, but said the tremors were not directly linked to the sort 
Landslides, Floods in China #39;s Southwest Kill 79, AFP Reports A storm in China #39;s southwest has left at least 79 people dead and 74 missing after heavy rain caused bridges to collapse and triggered floods and landslides, Agence France-Presse said, citing disaster relief workers.
Typhoon Songda injures 21 as it approaches Japan's Kyushu island (AFP) AFP - Typhoon Songda had injured 21 people as it approached the southern Japanese island of Kyushu, bringing heavy rain and strong winds, officials said.
Taste for the dead in desperate Marshall Islands neighbourhood (AFP) AFP - When residents in a district of the Marshall Islands capital quench their thirst, the water is more than likely to be contaminated by human waste and the decomposed bodies of relatives.
Beauty buy a healthly deal for API Share in healthcare conglomerate Australian Pharmaceutical Industries surged more than five per cent in early trade today after the company moved to boost its retail pharmacy operations by acquiring health, beauty and lifestyle retailer New Price Retail 
Brazil Union Backs 10 Pay Raise From Automakers, Estado Says Brazil #39;s metalworkers union approved a contract with the country #39;s automakers giving workers a 10 percent pay increase and limits on overtime, the O Estado de S. Paulo daily newspaper reported.
UK service executives #39; optimism sours Optimism amongst executives in Britain #39;s service sector soured in early August on rising interest rates and soaring oil prices, a Confederation of British Industry report says.
Bob Evans, IBM scientist who helped popularize computers, dies SAN FRANCISCO Computer scientist Bob Evans, who helped popularize personal computing, has died. He was 77. His son Doug said Evans died Thursday of heart failure at his home in the San Francisco of Hillsborough.
Who #39;s the boss? Densham upstages Force John Force, the NHRA #39;s winningest driver and 12-time Funny Car champion, is quick to point out that his 25-year friendship with teammate Gary Densham helped forge Force #39;s remarkable career.
Bellevue dominates dream matchup against De La Salle At almost noon yesterday, the Bellevue High School linebacker was just waking up from a deep slumber, the kind a body dives into after extreme physical exertion.
Kashmir meeting dubbed friendly #39; Indian and Pakistani foreign ministers yesterday ended their first round of talks over Kashmir on a positive note, resolving to take forward the peace process, an official said.
Santander's Abbey bid helps banks Santander Central Hispano's 8.6bn (\$15.3bn) bid for UK lender Abbey will help create a single regional financial market, the European Union's Mario Monti says.
Slight gain seen in jobs, but not health care costs Labor Day is a time to fire up the barbecue pit and hang out at the beach for the last official rite of summer. It #39;s also the day, every four years, when the presidential candidates ramp up their campaigns for the homestretch to Election Day.
Banks #39; hidden fees fuel ire From bank accounts and mortgages to credit cards and car loans, let the buyer beware: Financial fees are on the rise. And many are just waiting to blindside you.
Grizzlies #39; new downtown arena ready to open Towering over historic Beale Street, the NBA #39;s newest arena -- and one of its flashiest -- is almost ready for business. The \$250 million FedExForum scheduled a Labor Day party for the 
Dual-Core Chips Shift Performance Focus With the race for dominance in processor clock speed over, or at least waning, the pursuit for overall performance gains through architectural enhancements is officially beginning.
World #39;s Largest Working Computing Grid Particle physics experiments at the Large Hadron Collider (LHC), currently under construction at CERN in Geneva will produce around 15 Petabytes of data each year - 15 million, billion bytes.
Sharapova lost to Pierce Maria Sharapova #39;s drive to win another Grand Slam title ended on Saturday when she lost to Mary Pierce 4-6, 6-2, 6-3 in the third round of the US Open.
Super 12, Tri-Nations to be expanded The Super 12 and Tri-Nations competitions will be expanded from 2006 in a bid by the South Africa, New Zealand and Australia rugby unions to extend a lucrative broadcasting contract with News Limited.
3rd career win all but clinches Cup contention FONTANA, CALIF. - Elliott Sadler raced to his second victory of the season Sunday night at California Speedway and all but wrapped up a spot in NASCAR #39;s new championship playoff.
Iraq Tries to Clear Confusion on Saddam Aide Iraq was scrambling to confirm on Monday whether the most wanted Saddam Hussein aide still on the run had been captured, after a day of government confusion with top officials making contradictory statements.
Israel seeks funds for separate Arab roads Israel is pressing foreign donors to finance the construction of a web of roads through the occupied territories - made necessary by the building of the vast  quot;security quot; barrier and Jewish settlements in the West Bank.
HOSTAGE TALKS: France hopes anti-American stance will help PARIS - As France awaited word on two journalists being held hostage in Iraq, officials made clear that they expected to benefit from their stand against the US-led invasion and occupation.
North Korea Nuclear Plant Suspended Again-Report The United States, South Korea and Japan have agreed to suspend work on the construction of nuclear reactors in North Korea for a second year but stopped short of scrapping the project, a Japanese newspaper said on Monday.
Pakistan says US claim that bin Laden near capture is politicking (AFP) AFP - Pakistan rejected as  quot;politicking quot; a US official's weekend claim that Osama bin Laden was close to being captured.
US recovery  #39;not helping workers #39; Many working families still feel no benefit from the US economic recovery, the Economic Policy Institute says. While business is improving, average wages have fallen, job satisfaction has declined and the 
Toyota, Partner to Invest \$461 Mln in China Venture (Update4) Toyota Motor Corp., Asia #39;s largest carmaker, will invest 3.8 billion yuan (\$461 million) with its partner Guangzhou Automobile Group to boost capacity in China and catch up with rivals with established car plants in the country.
Embattled Disney head reportedly endorses successor Michael Eisner reportedly has told Walt Disney Co. directors that company President Robert Iger is his  quot;preferred choice quot; to succeed him as chief executive of the media 
Unichem Labs inks pact with Lannett Unichem Laboratories has has entered into an agreement with Lannett Company of USA for the exclusive supply of one or more generic drug products.
Roddick, Serena serve notice: Aces aiming for another US Open &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; _ Serena Williams left her opponent swinging at shadows, then Andy Roddick finished off his work with a 135 mph fastball. Roddick and Williams easily aced their latest tests in the US Open on 
Baseball Today Boston at Oakland (10:05 pm EDT). The Red Sox, opening a seven-game road trip, have won 17 of their last 19 games to cut the Yankees #39; AL East lead to 21/2 games.
Thatcher waits to be questioned Sir Mark Thatcher is waiting to find out when he will be questioned over his alleged involvement in an attempted coup in Equatorial Guinea.
Hurricane Ivan Churns Toward Barbados (AP) AP - A rapidly strengthening Hurricane Ivan churned closer to the Caribbean, packing sustained winds of 135 mph with meteorologists saying it's possible that the system could reach Category 5 status.
Trial of suspected Rwandan genocide mastermind resumes (AFP) AFP - The trial is due to resume of the man accused of masterminding the Rwandan genocide in 1994 and of the only woman to have been detained over the massacre by the United Nations court trying the suspects.
Fujitsu, Cisco join to sell high-end routers Fujitsu, Japan #39;s biggest computer manufacturer, have joined hands with Cisco to produce high-end routers and switches for the Japanese market.
Serena powers through at US Open Serena Williams says she has no regrets about going against doctors #39; advice to participate in the US Open where she is dominating opponents and enjoying unprecedented crowd support.
Kerr posts one-stroke win at LPGA Tour #39;s State Farm Classic Kerr claimed her third tournament of the year Sunday, overcoming a shaky final round and a strong challenge from Christina Kim to win the State Farm Classic.
A learning experience for Sharapova Overly aggressive play costs &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; New York -- There was a brazen quality to Maria Sharapova #39;s Wimbledon championship, a sense that she could achieve anything on the strength of her will.
New Super 12 teams still up in the air The Australian Rugby Union yesterday denied South African reports that the blueprint for an expanded Super 12 competition had been completed and would not include a team from Melbourne.
Soreness nagged him through camp It took 12 weeks for the Green Bay Packers to work out a deal with Tim Couch, six weeks to get him in uniform and five weeks to decide he wasn #39;t capable of playing in their offense.
Israel starts building barrier in W. Bank Israel began construction of a section of the separation fence in the southern West Bank on Sunday, five days after Palestinian suicide bombers carried out an attack from the area, local newspaper Haaretz reported.
Yomiuri: Light-water Reactor Construction Likely to Be Suspended &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; As the standoff over North Korea #39;s nuclear ambitions continues, members of a multinational consortium in charge of constructing two light-water reactors in the North have tentatively decided to put off their stalled project by another year.
Anwar launches bid to clear his name, return to politics (AFP) AFP - Former deputy premier Anwar Ibrahim launched a final bid to completely clear his name, a challenge rare in Malaysia's legal system and a move which could lead to his immediate return to politics.
U.S. Accuses Syria Over Lahoud Extension (AP) AP - The State Department accused Syria on Friday of threatening members of Lebanon's parliament to force enactment of an extension of three years in the term of pro-Syrian President Emile Lahoud.
Mild Seven Renault F1 Team Preview, Italian Grand Prix The Mild Seven Renault F1 Team preview for the Italian Grand Prix.
Emerson may not have pull in bank mergers Canada #39;s business community may have found a well-placed advocate at the cabinet table in David Emerson, but that doesn #39;t mean the new federal Industry Minister will necessarily carry the day on bank mergers.
Good tennis is latest fashion Serena Williams was all about show at the beginning of this US Open. Dress in what some would consider an outrageous manner. Tweak the tennis establishment.
WEBSTER: Playing the England blame game The phrase it #39;s a marathon, not a sprint #39; is usually associated with the English Premier League. This saying now also describes World Cup qualifying, which has become a league of sorts in its own right.
De La Salle players accept end of streak The players and coaching staff of De La Salle High accepted the end of  quot;The Streak. quot;. One day after the California team had its 151-game winning streak, the nation #39;s longest, snapped 
CONFUSION OVER BUTCHER AIDE #39;S  #39;CAPTURE #39; Iraqi government forces carried out a series of assaults in Saddam Hussein #39;s home region yesterday that were followed by conflicting reports that his former right-hand man was captured.
Malaysia, New Zealand to study free trade agreement New Zealand and Malaysia have agreed to carry out studies on a possible free trade deal, Trade Negotiations Minister Jim Sutton was quoted Monday as saying in Jakarta.
Schroeder #39;s Party Routed in Elections Chancellor Gerhard Schroeders party was routed in elections in the small western state of Saarland, where public anger over his cuts in social programmes also boosted a small far-right party that benefited from the national mood of protest.
CUTS AT LAZARD PRE-IPO As he prepares to take the world #39;s biggest privately held investment bank public, Lazard Chief Executive Bruce Wasserstein is showing bankers the door.
Eskimos Fret as Climate Shifts and Wildlife Changes Eskimos in the Arctic are worried about changes in the wildlife resulting from climate change and the gradual increase in contaminants.
Indicting the Drug Industry's Practices Dr. Marcia Angell's case against drug companies and their business practices is tough, persuasive and troubling.
China #39;s Lenovo in talks with  #39;major IT firm #39; for acquisition SHANGHAI : China #39;s largest manufacturer of personal computers Lenovo Group said it is in negotiations with a major information technology company, believed to be US-based IBM.
Asian Stocks Rise, Report Lifts Nikkei  SINGAPORE (Reuters) - A corporate spending survey that  boosted optimism about Japan's economy drove Tokyo shares  sharply higher on Monday, while other Asian stock markets  traded around multi-month highs.
Floods Kill 76 in China, No Let-Up in Sight  BEIJING (Reuters) - Floods and landslides have killed 76  people in southwest China in the past four days and washed away  homes and roads, knocked down power lines and cut off at least  one city, state media said on Monday.
Calm as Kathmandu curfew lifted \Shops and businesses reopen in the Nepalese capital, Kathmandu, as the authorities lift a days-long curfew,
Ivorian parties agree to peace proposals Abidjan - President Thabo Mbeki on Monday said Ivorian groups embroiled in a bitter two-year civil upheaval have agreed to four proposals to put the troubled west African country back on the road to peace.
Dollar Retreats Vs Yen The dollar pared earlier gains versus the yen on Monday as traders took profits following the US currency #39;s advance last week on positive jobs news that raised prospects for an interest rate rise later this month.
Under new law, floating checks no longer float Last week, for example, the Rainier Valley mother mailed her payment check to the bank before Sept. 1, knowing that the Postal Service probably would deliver it in a couple of days.
Aliant workers set to vote on new contract HALIFAX -- Striking Aliant Inc. workers returned to their picket lines over the weekend with guarded optimism that their four-month-old labour dispute could soon be over.
Japanese firms step up spending Japanese firms continue to spend on new equipment and production plants, a survey finds, underlining a continuing recovery in the world's second-largest economy.
Flat sales force price cut for flat-panel monitors Of all the things folks love about consumer electronics, constantly falling prices probably ranks right up there with big-screen televisions and MP3 players.
Manitas principal collaborates Credentials: Bachelor #39;s degree in psychology from Michigan State University; master #39;s degree in education/political science from Arizona State University; doctorate degree in educational leadership/policy studies from ASU.
HP picks up \$55m 7-Eleven contract Hewlett-Packard said on Friday that it has won a \$55m, five-year contract from retailer 7-Eleven to upgrade the technology at the convenience store chain in the US.
Roundup: Kerr wins despite shaky final round Kerr claimed her third LPGA Tour tournament of the year yesterday, overcoming final-round difficulties and a strong challenge from Kim to win the State Farm Classic.
School #39;s 151-win streak ends They did what no high school football team in the last 12 years had been able to do. It was the little-known Bellevue (Wash.) Wolverines that ended the greatest streak in high school sports 
Eagles release Levens, 14 others The veteran running back was among 15 players released by coach Andy Reid on Sunday, as the team got down to the required 53-man roster.
Tri-nations will expand to nine test matches The Tri-nations championship involving Australia, New Zealand and South Africa will be expanded from six to nine matches from 2006, according to the governing body SANZAR.
School siege death toll climbs to 350 VLADIKAVKAZ - The death toll from Russia #39;s school hostage crisis climbed to at least 350 yesterday as grieving relatives prepared to bury the first victims while others sifted through overwhelmed morgues for their lost loved ones.
Thousands flee new violence in Darfur The United Nations continues to receive reports of clashes throughout the Sudanese region of Darfur, where as many as 4,000 people are believed to have been forced from their villages 
Bomb kills two in Bangladesh : World News  gt; Dhaka, Sep 5 : A powerful bomb ripped through an old building in the Bangladesh city of Sylhet Sunday, leaving at least two people dead and seven wounded.
Four more truck drivers taken The kidnapping and killing of truck drivers by Iraqi insurgents continued Sunday as at least four more men were taken hostage and the body of an Egyptian man was found.
3 SAUDI COPS MASSACRED September 6, 2004 -- RIYADH, Saudi Arabia - Three Saudi Arabian security men were killed yesterday in clashes with militants in the northern city of Buraydah, state television reported.
Calm as Kathmandu curfew lifted Shops and businesses have reopened in the Nepalese capital, Kathmandu, after the authorities lifted a curfew imposed last Wednesday.
Kerry urged to fight 'Bush bounce' Senior Democrats call on John Kerry to reinvigorate his campaign, or risk losing the US election.
Donald is fired-up to carry form to Detroit Luke Donald hailed yesterday #39;s European Masters victory in Switzerland as even more satisfying than his Scandinavian Masters success a month ago.
Oil price rises hit service firms Rising oil prices and interest rates have hit confidence in British service firms but manufacturers have recorded their best spell of orders for nine years, two new surveys showed today.
A gripping NASA adventure Genesis: This week over Utah, Hollywood helicopter stunt pilots will try to snag a returning spacecraft carrying solar particles. By Michael Stroh.
Attendees Mixed if iMac G5 is The Complete Solution Attendees at Apple Expo in Paris are impressed at the look of the new iMac G5, but mixed on whether it #39;s the right solution for their needs.
California track #39;s 2nd race a near sellout California Speedway officials expected a near sellout crowd of more than 110,000 for the inaugural Pop Secret 500 on Sunday night.
Rossi wins Portuguese MotoGP Estoril, Sep 06 - Valentino Rossi won the Portuguese Grand Prix at Estoril for the fourth year in a row on Sunday, extending his MotoGP World Championship lead over Sete Gibernau.
Canada to face Slovaks The Russians are heading back to the US while struggling Slovakia has drawn Canada for the quarter-finals of the World Cup of Hockey.
Young Haas has been able to answer call NORTON -- They traded phone calls, father and son, but never made connections Saturday night. Jay Haas, calling from Pebble Beach, Calif., ended up leaving a voice mail message, and Bill Haas still had his father's wisdom playing in his head when he approached the first tee yesterday in Round 3 of the Deutsche Bank Championship at TPC Boston. The ...
Williams, Capriati hold up quite well NEW YORK -- They both skipped the Olympics, complaining about unforgiving injuries. But now Jennifer Capriati and Serena Williams, both sorely in need of a big win, have put themselves in position to meet on the stage that matters most -- in the quarterfinals of the US Open.
Oxfam Responds to Philippines Typhoons Lucky me - is the brand name of the packaged instant noodle that Celia Huerto shows me. Her family of seven gets only two packages of Lucky me, two kilograms of rice and two cans of sardines every day as food aid from the local authorities.
Schilling completely fine with this decision For those tempted to question or complain about the call to the bullpen with Curt Schilling two outs away from his fourth complete game of the season yesterday, consider the example set by the pitcher himself. It was a silent, practically imperceptible, protest.
Walk in park for Yankees Drained by a difficult week, the New York Yankees needed an uplifting victory. That's exactly what they got yesterday.
NL notables Vinny Castilla , who has 298 homers, became the first Rockies player to hit 30 in a season six times.
Lowe ready for a rude welcoming Derek Lowe doesn't expect to pass unnoticed on the Red Sox' first trip back to Oakland, Calif., since his dramatic save in Game 5 of their division series last October -- and his subsequent vulgar gesture toward the A's dugout immediately after the final out.
Buckley is one of 12 players released FOXBOROUGH -- Veteran cornerback Terrell Buckley was the most notable casualty yesterday as the Patriots trimmed their roster to 53 to meet the league deadline, cutting a total of 12 players and placing two on the reserve/physically-unable-to-perform list.
Victim fallout is feared from Bryant case EAGLE, Colo. -- The handling of the rape case against Los Angeles Laker star Kobe Bryant has some sexual assault victims and those who work with them worried that it will make women more reluctant to report attacks in the future.
Building green Kristen Galfetti's small glass office at the new Genzyme Corp. headquarters in Cambridge has two doors. One allows access from the hall, and the other opens onto a four-foot-wide walkway on the building's perimeter.
Early wake-up call for LSU Can a season be lost before Labor Day? Generally, the answer is no. Even the worst losses can be worked around when they occur on the first weekend of September. There's more than enough time for a team to move past any disappointment in losing a game most expected it to win.
Roof gardens: looking good, saving money Once roof gardens were just a matter of aesthetics; now there's something called a  quot;green roof quot; that has environmental benefits.
University wrestles with controversial donation  COLUMBIA, Mo. -- When proud alumnus Ken Lay donated \$1.2 million in company stock to the University of Missouri five years ago, campus leaders hailed the donation from the then-chairman of Enron Corp.
Pay phones have become an old-fashioned hang-up There are 1.1 million fossils in the collection of Harvard's Museum of Natural History: invertebrate, vertebrate, and one of more recent origin. Insert 50 cents, and it lets you make a phone call.
Colleges to kids: Clean up those PCs Many of you can't be trusted with your own computers. Stupidity isn't the problem. It's laziness, mostly, combined with a penny-wise stinginess that resents the \$40 price of a good antivirus program.
France honours director Spielberg France makes Steven Spielberg a Legion of Honour, in recognition of his film-making talent.
Truce fails to soothe Shi'ite fears BAGHDAD -- A week after reaching a truce with Moqtada al-Sadr's rebel militia, a move officials hailed as a breakthrough that would let them bolster security forces and restart reconstruction projects, the interim Iraqi government faces a deepening crisis of confidence among the country's Shi'ite Muslim majority.
Burials begin in Russia; 180 still missing  BESLAN, Russia -- Mothers wailed over the coffins of their children yesterday and dozens of townsmen dug graves in a football field-size piece of scrubland next to the cemetery. Funeral processions snaked through the streets as grief-stricken Russians began to bury victims of the terror attack on a school that left more than 350 people dead.
Presidential Candidates Hit Midwest The presidential candidates and their running mates fanned out across the Midwest with Labor Day messages promising job creation, appealing for votes in the territory pivotal to winning November's election.    President Bush and Vice President Dick Cheney were heading to three states between them Monday; Democratic candidate John Kerry and running mate John Edwards were venturing to six...
Local Stocks A jump in job growth helped Wall Street inch higher last week, though Intel #39;s lowered revenue expectations kept gains to a minimum.
The missing million LAST LABOR DAY, we took note of the jobless recovery. At that time, almost two years after the relatively short 2001 recession had been declared over, the American economy still was losing jobs.
China vows tougher penalties, up to life in prison, for Internet &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Chinese makers and distributors of pornographic materials sent through the Internet, cellphones and other communication devices will face penalties as severe as life imprisonment under new rules that take effect Monday.
US government, companies warn of critical Oracle flaws SEPTEMBER 03, 2004 (IDG NEWS SERVICE) - The US government #39;s Computer Emergency Response Team (US-CERT) and software security companies have issued warnings about a number of security vulnerabilities in versions of Oracle Corp.
Israel Builds Barrier Section in Southern West Bank, AP Says Israel, for the first time, began building a section of its security barrier in an area of the southern West Bank, the Associated Press reported, citing unidentified Israeli government officials.
Hurricane Frances Causes Damage in Bahamas Howling winds and severe flooding brought by Hurricane Frances pounded the Bahamas for two days, leaving at least two people dead, homes destroyed and yards littered with mangled trees.
Asian Stocks Rise, Report Lifts Nikkei (Reuters) Reuters - A corporate spending survey that\boosted optimism about Japan's economy drove Tokyo shares\sharply higher on Monday, while other Asian stock markets\traded around multi-month highs.
Kuwait: Fundamentalists Recruiting Teens (AP) AP - Every Friday, 17-year-old Dhari al-Zahameel's family would wait for him to come back from the mosque so they could have lunch together. Then one day the young al-Zahameel didn't come home, instead sending word he had gone to fight in the jihad, or holy war.
Japan April-June GDP rate likely to be revised up on strong corporate data (AFP) AFP - Japan's second quarter growth rate is likely to be revised up this week on the back of data showing increased corporate investment in factories and offices along with higher profits.
EMC, Veritas Tune Mail Archiving (Ziff Davis) Ziff Davis - Both EMC and Veritas are building up their respective e-mail archiving offerings through development and acquisition to give customers more stringent control of enterprise content.
Fernando looking forward to the unique challenge of Monza The young Spaniard is looking forward to racing on the legendary Monza circuit, and will enjoy his time in Italy - it almost feels like home for him!
Dollar closes slightly weaker THE Australian dollar closed about half a US cent lower today, but was off its lows after a sharp fall on Friday night following a US dollar rally.
Monti gives tentative backing to SCH #39;s Abbey bid: FT LONDON (CBS.MW) -- Banco Santander Central Hispanico #39;s (STD) proposed 8.75 billion pound bid for UK bank Abbey National (UK:ANL) has been given the tentative approval of Mario Monti, the outgoing European Union competition commissioner, the Financial 
Still no contract for workers Eight months after their contract expired, London #39;s outside workers remain without a new deal. Contract talks are not scheduled and none have been held since June when new city manager Jeff Fielding arrived 
China To Severely Punish Internet Porn Producers China is cracking down on people who engage in the production of pornographic materials by means of the internet, mobile communication terminals and  quot;phone-sex quot;, according to a report by Xinhua news agency.
Traditional MBA programs receiving fewer applications A shrinking pool of young adults, a dearth of international students and a tight job market are reducing demand for traditional, two-year master of business administration programs across the country.
Man gets life imprisonment for p0rn Those caught for  #39;serious offenses #39; could now face life imprisonment while less serious cases could result in compulsory surveillance, detainment, taking into custody by the police.
Sony lawyer enslaved worker, apparently ONE OF THE brains behind the music industry #39;s moves to drag old ladies, children and other file-sharers through the courts has just lost a slavery case.
ETA lets off small bombs in seven Spanish cities On the anniversary of the Spanish Constitution yesterday ETA let off seven small explosive devices in as many Spanish cities. The blasts took place almost simultaneously at around 13.30 hours in Santillana 
Roddick, Serena Serve Notice at U.S. Open NEW YORK - Serena Williams left her opponent swinging at shadows, then Andy Roddick finished off his work with a 135 mph fastball. Roddick and Williams easily aced their latest tests in the U.S...
Apache rejects sender ID standard MICROTHOFT #39;S bid to get its anti-thpam Sender ID accepted by the open thource community was dealt a bit of a blow when Apache rejected the idea.
The Lessons of Beslan for Russia and the World It is the nature of terrorism that every time one thinks there is a limit to the depths to which terrorists can sink, they contrive even baser atrocities.
William Hill 1st-Half Profit Jumps on Betting Results (Update2) William Hill Plc, the UK #39;s No. 2 bookmaker, said first-half profit jumped 36 percent as fewer favorites won at events such as the Euro 2004 soccer tournament.
Touch-screen voting Nevada officials will provide voters with touch-screen voting machines from Sequoia Voting Systems Inc. in a primary in September and in the general election in November.
Can Capriati beat Serena? Jennifer Capriati believes she has what it takes to finally get that first US Open title. She believes getting past Serena Williams in the quarterfinals could be the push she needs to make her Grand Slam dream come true.
Hole story? No. 18 #39;s is quite interesting When the leaders walk up the 18th fairway today at the \$5 million Deutsche Bank Championship at TPC Boston, they will be faced with decisions that have repercussions.
Sadler #39;s 1st, but others enjoy Pop Secret win FONTANA, Calif. - Elliott Sadler collared the biggest prize, a tidy \$279,398 winner #39;s check for capturing the Pop Secret 500 on Sunday at California Speedway.
AL highlights - WHITE SOX 6, MARINERS 2: At Chicago, Felix Diaz did something few pitchers have been able to do lately. He found a way to shut down Ichiro Suzuki.
Government lifts curfew on Nepal capital Hundreds of soldiers patrolled the streets on Nepal #39;s capital on Monday after the government lifted a curfew imposed after deadly anti-Muslim riots erupted last week.
CSFB picks Ex-Merrill banker as China head Global investment bank Credit Suisse First Boston, or CSFB, has announced the appointment of former Merrill Lynch banker Zhang Liping as its country head for China.
Road trip ends on rough note; Ichiro goes 1 for 4 The Mariners begin a 13-game homestand today. It will be nice for them to put a word after home other than  quot;run. quot;. The day after Chicago hit five home runs in an 8-7 victory, the 
Today's schedule Pro baseball: International League -- Pawtucket vs. Scranton/Wilkes-Barre at McCoy Stadium, Pawtucket, R.I., 1 p.m.; Eastern League -- Portland vs. New Hampshire at Hadlock Field, Portland, Maine, 1 p.m.; Atlantic League -- Nashua vs. Newark at Holman Stadium, Nashua, 6:30 p.m.
Great match, with something mixed in NEW YORK -- Although Maria Sharapova's Siberian childhood was not spent in one of the region's infamous salt mines, she remained the salt of the tennis earth to the folks who made their way to Flushing Meadow in a record drove yesterday.
Tremblay and Alexander tough it out Kathy Tremblay hoped to score a top-five finish in yesterday's Monster Challenge Triathlon. Instead, she took home first place, and a fat lip.
Check for spyware before installing SP2 warns Microsoft Windows users who install Service Pack 2 should first scan their systems and remove any spyware, according to a Microsoft Executive.
Ganguly #39;s growling list of woe With the NatWest Challenge a thing of the past, Cricket365 scours the papers to bring our readers what the Indian media are saying about their players.
Easy pickings The defending champions are finally in the World Cup of Hockey win column. Granted, their 3-1 victory last night came against Slovakia, the team that #39;s been the weakest in the North American pool so far.
Leading the way In the instant it took for the baseball to reach the right hand of Javier Vazquez, even someone with an outlook as rosy as Joe Torre #39;s had time to gasp and initiate worry.
Kidnapping No Basis in Islam It is not only the government in Paris and numerous colleagues who demand the release of the two kidnapped French journalists in Iraq who have been threatened with death: There are also many voices from the Islamic world, including Amr Mussa, the secretary 
Russia Mourns Hostage Deaths, Putin Criticized (Reuters) Reuters - Russia on Monday mourned the\deaths of hundreds of children and adults in its worst hostage\drama as criticism mounted over the way President Vladimir\Putin and his security forces handled the crisis.
ASEAN recognizes China as market economy (AFP) AFP - The Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN) has recognised China as a full market economy, Chinese state press reported following a meeting of ASEAN finance ministers in Indonesia.
All eyes on NextWave's exit (TheDeal.com) TheDeal.com - The telecom, which holds billions of dollars worth of wireless spectrum, has until mid-October to file its reorganization plan.
State Dept.: More Russia Terrorism Likely (AP) AP - After two weeks of terrorist violence in Russia, the State Department urged Americans visiting or living there to "exercise caution and remain vigilant and aware" to avoid becoming a random victim of a future attack.
William Hill boosted by Euro 2004 UK bookmaker William Hill reports a rise in half year profits helped by  increased trading hours and the Euro 2004 football championships.
Blair 'is obstacle to Euro vote' Tony Blair could hinder efforts to winning a "yes" vote in the referendum on the EU constitution, says a leading think tank.
Brazil uncovers corrupt officials Federal prosecutors in Brazil say they have identified 137 politicians and more than 400 officials involved in a corruption scandal.
Sequels save blockbuster summer Sequels to Shrek, Spider-Man and Harry Potter help propel US box office takings to a new summer record.
Frances Takes Aim at Florida Panhandle FORT PIERCE, Fla. - Weakened but persistent, Tropical Storm Frances took aim at the Florida Panhandle on Monday after leaving behind flooding and torn rooftops throughout a wide swath of central and southern Florida...
Oil-price boom a boon for producers Not everyone was complaining when the price of a barrel of oil flirted with the \$50 mark on global markets earlier this summer. For Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez, it meant more money to 
Libya bidding to lure investment for oil sector Tripoli sets outs transparent bidding process for foreign firms to woo investment for sanctions-hit oil sector. By Hassen Zenati - TRIPOLI.
Longhorn to arrive in 2006 Microsoft has announced plans to deliver Longhorn, the next version of the Windows desktop client, in 2006. But to meet this deadline, Longhorn will not include some previously announced features, such as the WinFS storage subsystem.
Roddick turns up aces in gaining round of 16 NEW YORK -- Defending champion Andy Roddick finally met a seeded veteran in the third round of the US Open. Something of a challenge, right?
Lamb helping to lead Astros #39; charge Lamb, who was in spring training with the Yankees, went 4-for-5, including his career-high 10th homer, and drove in four runs as the surging Astros beat the Pirates, 10-5, yesterday at Minute Maid Field for their ninth win in a row.
Son of anti-US warlord seeks Somali presidency NAIROBI - The son of a Somali warlord who eluded and embarrassed United States forces a decade ago on Sunday stepped up his campaign to become president of a country his father helped plunge into anarchy.
William Hill reports profits increase William Hill, Britain #39;s second largest betting shop chain, today reported a 40 increase in half-year profits, but saw business slow during July and August.
Longhorn plans cut short Microsoft last week faced accusations of short-changing its Software Assurance customers following its decision to strip core features from the next major Windows client operating system, codenamed Longhorn.
Fresh bird flu hits Malaysia MALAYSIA announced today its second outbreak of deadly bird flu in three weeks, near a northern village close to the border with Thailand where the disease was first detected.
Getting the Hurricane Word Out The director of the National Hurricane Center stays calm in the midst of a storm, but wants everyone in hurricane-prone areas to get the message from his media advisories: Respect the storm's power and make proper response plans.
Catch a Falling Space Capsule It's reality TV at its most sci-fi. Two Hollywood stunt pilots hired by NASA are practicing to snag the 400-pound Genesis capsule Wednesday to give it a softer landing as it hurtles to earth. It'll be broadcast live so they better get it right.
HD PC: Cheaper Than High-Def TV A new device that costs a couple hundred bucks can turn the home office into a high-definition media center. It's a start anyway, and far less expensive than coughing up for a television setup.
India, Pakistan end talks, disagree on Kashmir (Reuters) Reuters - The foreign ministers of India and Pakistan said on Monday they had made modest progress in talks to revive a flagging peace process, but the two nations showed no sign of resolving any differences over Kashmir.
India, Pakistan End Talks, Disagree on Kashmir  NEW DELHI (Reuters) - The foreign ministers of India and  Pakistan said on Monday they had made modest progress in talks  to revive a flagging peace process, but the two nations showed  no sign of resolving any differences over Kashmir.
Monitors sound Afghan poll alert Insecurity and intimidation are putting October elections in Afghanistan at risk, a new report says.
Net calls get their own area code The telecoms watchdog Ofcom is considering how to regulate firms that let you make calls via the net.
Has Your Broadband Had Its Fiber? Alternative form of high-speed Internet access makes its way to U.S. homes.
Souness set for Newcastle Blackburn have confirmed Souness has left Ewood Park and the BBC has confirmed he has agreed terms to succeed Sir Bobby Robson. Newcastle had targeted Birmingham #39;s Steve Bruce and Aston Villa manager David 
Jones predicts tough start for franchise Wallabies coach Eddie Jones has predicted a difficult start for Australia #39;s new franchise in the expanded Super rugby competition starting in 2006.
Still winners despite loss One by one, Bellevue High football assistants sprinted up the press-box corridor, shouting at the top of their lungs. Defensive coordinator James Hasty, a former NFL cornerback, was the loudest, screaming,  quot;The streak is over.
Time to take care of business The Cubs didn #39;t need to fly anywhere near Florida to be in the eye of the storm. For a team that is going on 100 years since last winning a championship, the only thing they never are at a loss for is controversy.
Dudek: Poland hot for England Liverpool goalkeeper Jerzy Dudek has warned that Poland are confident ahead of their World Cup 2006 qualifying match against England on Wednesday.
Confusion over alleged capture of Hussein ally Baghdad - Iraqi authorities struggled on Monday to clear up confusion over whether the most wanted member of Saddam Hussein #39;s ousted dictatorship had been nabbed in a shootout north of Baghdad.
ASEAN recognizes China as market economy SHANGHAI : The Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN) has recognised China as a full market economy, Chinese state press reported following a meeting of ASEAN finance ministers in Indonesia.
Bomb kills two, injures 10 in Bangladesh A bomb blast killed two people and wounded 10 in northeastern Bangladesh Sunday, coinciding with a visit by a US counter-terrorism official to the country.
Serbian Assassination Suspect in Court (AP) AP - The chief suspect in the slaying of Serbia's first democratic prime minister since World War II returned to court Monday for a trial that has been marred by delays and bureaucratic tie-ups.
Explosion Rocks Gaza City (AP) AP - An explosion was heard in Gaza City early Monday, but Palestinian and Israeli security officials said the blast had apparently been caused by a sonic boom.
Dollar Keeps Gains Against Euro  LONDON (Reuters) - The dollar clung to most of the previous  session's gains against the euro on Monday after a positive  U.S. jobs report last week reinforced expectations for an  interest rate rise this month.
Israel Hints Ousting Arafat Delayed by Gaza Pullout  JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israel renewed its threat on Monday  to remove Yasser Arafat but hinted it had delayed taking action  against the Palestinian president to avoid complicating a  planned withdrawal from the Gaza Strip.
Huge Nigerian drive against polio Some 13 million children in northern Nigeria are being vaccinated against polio in a bid to wipe out the disease.
ADB to help improve air quality in Indonesia MANILA (DPA): The Asian Development Bank (ADB) said on Monday it would help improve air quality in Indonesia through a US\$700,000 technical assistance grant.
Internet #39;s Speed Increases As It Turns 35 Years Old As the Internet turned 35 last week, Web speed-demons claimed a new record for how fast data can be transmitted over computer networks, announcing they had sent the equivalent of a big fat 
Singapore verifying reports of new Malaysian bird flu outbreak SINGAPORE : Singapore says it is verifying reports of another bird flu outbreak in a Malaysian farm. Singapore was scheduled to review its current ban on Malaysian poultry and eggs on Saturday, but this may now be delayed.
Souness Is Talk of the Toon Graeme Souness is reportedly set to leave Blackburn and take over as Newcastles new manager. The Scot is said to have told his Blackburn playing staff of his intention this morning, and BBC Radio 5 Live 
Wright says NI must win Northern Ireland must win in Wales to revive their World Cup hopes according to former goalkeeper Tommy Wright. Saturday #39;s 3-0 defeat at home to Poland was a disastrous start for Lawrie Sanchez #39;s side and 
India-Pakistan talks conclude with claim of progress on Kashmir NEW DELHI: The foreign ministers of India and Pakistan concluded talks Monday, declaring that the South Asian rivals had made significant progress in improving relations, despite their inability to agree on the future of divided Kashmir.
Has Your Broadband Had Its Fiber? (PC World) PC World - Alternative form of high-speed Internet access makes its way to U.S. homes.
Car Bomb Near Fallujah Causes U.S. Deaths (AP) AP - A massive car bomb exploded on the outskirts of Fallujah on Monday killing and wounding several U.S. Marines, a U.S. military official said on condition of anonymity.
European Stocks, Yields Higher  LONDON (Reuters) - European stocks touched two-month highs  on Monday as tech shares rallied after STMicroelectronics    stuck to its full year forecast while government bond yields  firmed on continuing speculation about rate hikes.
William Hill slips on punters #39; winning streak Shares in William Hill have dipped after it warned growth in its winnings had slipped in July and August as customers enjoyed a lucky streak on horse races.
No Benefit for Boeing in Airbus Cuts US aviation giant Boeing Co., facing stiff competition from Airbus, won #39;t be helped by a cut in government-backed loans to the European aircraft maker, a top EU official said Monday.
World #39;s largest computing grid goes live The world #39;s largest permanent computing grid has gone online, giving scientists access to the processing power of 6,000 computers at 78 locations, including 1,000 at 12 sites across the UK.
Windows world gets OS X wake up call Apple should be pushing its Mac OS X software aggressively into corporations running Windows, says a Microsoft solution provider in Massachusetts, but others claim that Apple might be missing 
Souness ties up Toon deal Graeme Souness, a 33-1 outsider for the vacant managerial post at Newcastle this morning, has resigned his role at Blackburn and agreed terms with the Magpies, who he will join on Monday.
Pictures: Biaggi hits Capirossi. Before the Portuguese Grand Prix, Sito Pons had restated his position that it could well be a mistake that decides the destination of the 2004 world championship.
SA Rugby set to score big with Super 14 The Super 12 will become a Super 14 with additional teams in Australia and South Africa and the Tri-Nations will be expanded to nine matches between the Springboks, the Wallabies and the All Blacks.
Malaysia #39;s Anwar Appeals Conviction, Seeks Political Re-Entry Malaysia #39;s former deputy premier Anwar Ibrahim asked the nation #39;s highest court to set aside a corruption conviction for which he has already served jail time, seeking to clear his name and pave the way for a return to politics.
Moscow suicide bombing death toll grows The death toll from a suicide bombing outside a Moscow subway station rose to 10 as a 20-year-old man succumbed to his injuries, Russian news agencies reported.
Islamic Radicalism Not an Issue in Indonesia Vote  LAMONGAN, Indonesia (Reuters) - Indonesian farmer Agus  Saefuddin lives in the East Java regency of Lamongan, home to  three brothers who were key players in the Bali bombings that  killed 202 people, but he doesn't know their names.
US soldiers killed in Iraq ambush US soldiers are killed in an ambush on a military convoy near Falluja in Iraq, officials say.
EU: Coke Anti-Trust Deal Not Set in Stone (Reuters) Reuters - A proposed settlement between\Coca-Cola Co. and the European Commission to end a long-running\antitrust case over fizzy drinks is not yet set in stone, the\European Union's executive said on Monday.
Sadler Wins Race, Clinches Spot in Top 10 (AP) AP - Elliott Sadler raced to his second victory of the season and all but wrapped up a spot in the NASCAR's new championship playoff Sunday night at California Speedway.
Tedford Extends Contract to 2009 Twenty-four hours after missing out on its first Rose Bowl since 1959, the Cal football program was given reason for a half-decade of hope.
Egyptian Officials Arrive in West Bank (AP) AP - Two top Egyptian officials arrived in the West Bank on Monday for talks with Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat on Israel's planned withdrawal from the Gaza Strip.
Not bowling them over By now weve established that the fans are tired of college footballs bowl system, the prevailing opinion that wed all like to see a playoff.
China to Decide Curbs After August Data  SHANGHAI (Reuters) - China's central bank said it was  considering further measures to rein in growth in the world's  seventh-largest economy, but would take a hard look at August  economic data before making any decisions.
UK manufacturers 'in good shape' UK factories enjoyed a surge in new orders over the summer, but high oil prices weighed on the service sector, surveys suggest.
Malaysia's Anwar Seeks to Clear Name, Remove Ban  PUTRAJAYA, Malaysia (Reuters) - Malaysian rebel politician  Anwar Ibrahim, freed from jail last week, sought on Monday to  clear the way for his return to active politics when his  lawyers moved to have his criminal record wiped clean.
Twins for panda shown sex videos \A panda in China who became pregnant after watching sex education videos gives birth to twins.
Warriors hold on against Celtics Troy Murphy had his fourth straight double-double with a career-high 30 points and 15 rebounds, and the Golden State Warriors won consecutive games for the first time this 
Talks End: Indo-Pak Ceasefire To Continue New Delhi, Sept. 6 (NNN): Concluding their two-day Foreign Ministers-level talks, India and Pakistan on Monday decided to continue the ceasefire, which is in force since November 25, 2003.
JAPAN: Toyota to build Chinese Camry plant with Guangzhou &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Toyota Motor and Chinese partner Guangzhou Automobile reportedly will invest 3.8 billion yuan (\$US459 million) to build a new plant in China, with an annual production capacity of 100,000 vehicles.
Fallujah car bomb hits US marines BAGHDAD, IRAQ - Several US marines were either killed or wounded when a powerful car bomb exploded in a neighbourhood on the edge of Fallujah Monday.
Newborns prefer beautiful faces Newborn infants display an innate preference for looking at attractive faces rather than their opposite, researchers say.
Transmeta Hype Suffers Hardware Reality Four years after its splashy launch, chip maker is still struggling.
Nets win in Kidd #39;s return Point guard #39;s late play is difference vs. Raptors; Heat #39;s O #39;Neal surpasses 10,000 rebounds in win. EAST RUTHERFORD, NJ -- Jason Kidd couldn #39;t have scripted a better ending, except perhaps for a flashier assist on the winning basket.
West Japan Quakes Unlikely to Be Precursors-Panel (Reuters) Reuters - Two strong earthquakes that struck\western Japan are unlikely to be precursors to the type of\massive tremors that hit the region every century or so and the\chances of major aftershocks seem low, a government panel said\on Monday.
 #39;ROIDS ALL THE RAGE AT UNION #39;S CONFAB Normally, the Major League Baseball Players Association #39;s executive board meetings gather about as much attention as a Brewer-Pirate game.
More West Africa Locust Swarms Coming Soon-Reports (Reuters) Reuters - Locusts in West Africa are devouring\crops and breeding at such a rate they are expected to create a\substantial number of new swarms across the region in\September, two reports said.
JVC develops corn starch DVD - what next?: Business India: Tokyo, Dec 7 : Victor Co of Japan (JVC) has said it has succeeded in manufacturing an environmentally friendly DVD with a special plastic synthesised from corn starch.
Strike threatens Japan baseball \Japan's professional baseball players threaten to strike for the first time since the game was introduced 70 years ago.
Keegan Delighted with Wright-Phillips II Manchester City boss Kevin Keegan was able to salvage the emergence of a potential new star out of a disappointing 3-2 defeat at Middlesbrough.
EU ruling on Santander #39;s Abbey bid due next week The European Commission first expects to make a decision next week on competition issues raised by the bid from Spain #39;s Santander Central Hispano for Abbey National, a spokeswoman says.
Indonesian Shares End Lower On Profit-Taking JAKARTA (Dow Jones)--Indonesian shares ended marginally lower Monday as investors, mostly local retails, took profit in select blue chips that rose in the previous seven sessions, dealers said.
Porn Producers To Be Severely Punished in China According to the interpretations by China #39;s Supreme People #39;s Court and Supreme People #39;s Procuratorate, grave cases of non-profit production and dissemination of pornographic materials are also criminal and subject to punishment.
Developers to gather at Intel forum This week, chip giant Intel is hosting its twice-a-year Intel Developer Forum, where PC hardware and software developers will hear the company #39;s plans for future products.
LCD Prices Fell More Than Expected in August Large-sized LCD panel pricing fell faster than expected last month, due to disappointing demand, rising supply and swelling inventories that created a near-term headache for suppliers, but also paved the way for stronger sales during Q4, according to 
Souness appointed Newcastle manager The 51-year-old Scot has been given the St James #39; Park job after his predecessor was shown the door following a poor run of results.
Pop Secret 500 Race Notes  amp; Quotes Notes and quotes from various drivers following California Speedway #39;s Pop Secret 500. Jeff Gordon slipped to second in points following an engine failure while Jimmie Johnson moved back into first.
Russians question official take on hostage-takers #39; identities MOSCOW -- Two days after the bloody end of a hostage crisis left more than 300 people dead, the identity of the attackers who seized a school in the ethnic patchwork of Russia #39;s North Caucasus region remained uncertain yesterday.
Showing Faith in France Asasma Butt walked up to the entrance of the Lyce Rabelais in northern Paris last Thursday - the first day of school for students across France -he did something she didn #39;t want to do.
Japan rocked by two powerful earthquakes TOKYO - A pair of powerful earthquakes struck western Japan today, rattling several major cities and triggering tsunami waves. There are reports at least four people are injured, but no damage reports yet.
Japan #39;s Government to Discuss BSE Cattle Tests Monday (Update1) The Japanese government #39;s Food Safety Commission will meet Monday to discuss cattle-testing procedures for mad cow disease, possibly bringing forward the end of Japan #39;s ban on imports of US beef.
Men sued for spam pushing fake diplomas Pennsylvania #39;s attorney general on Monday sued two men for allegedly violating state law by sending out junk e-mail touting an online university that grants diplomas in 72 hours.
Remove Spyware Before Installing Windows XP SP2 Update Microsoft is warning Windows XP users to check for and remove any spyware that may be installed on computer systems before installing the Windows XP service pack 2 (SP2), security update.
IT managers still hungry for storage The worldwide demand for storage capacity continues to accelerate rapidly, with the latest research from analyst IDC showing a 41.
New numbers for Internet phone users A new batch of phone numbers will be assigned to accommodate the emerging market for cheap phone calls over the Internet, telecoms industry regulator Ofcom says.
At least 90 dead, 77 missing in China rainstorms BEIJING : At least 90 people were killed and 77 were missing in torrential storms lashing southwest China, disaster relief officials said.
Shock and Vengeance There might seem few places less likely to be scorched by the aftermath of Sept. 11, 2001, than Nepal. Outside Kathmandu, the Himalayan kingdom exists in a timeless trance of mountains and road-free valleys all but lost to the present day.
Britain Creates New Numbers for Internet Phone Users (Reuters) Reuters - A new batch of phone numbers will be\assigned in Britain to accommodate the emerging market for\cheap phone calls over the Internet, the UK's media and\telecoms regulator said on Monday.
Spam Makes Up Half of All Emails in China -Expert (Reuters) Reuters - Unsolicited Internet messages account\for more than half of all e-mails received in China, an\international "spam" expert said on Monday, urging the Chinese\government to take forceful action against junk mail.
Dollar Clings to Gains Vs Euro  LONDON (Reuters) - The dollar retained most of the previous  session's gains against the euro on Monday after a positive  U.S. jobs report last week reinforced expectations for an  interest rate rise later this month.
US Space Agency Says Shuttle Repair Worries Remain The US space agency, NASA, says work continues on safety improvements on the space shuttle design in anticipation of the shuttle #39;s return to flight in 2005.
Iraq Govt Says Has Not Captured Top Saddam Aide  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - The most wanted Saddam Hussein aide  still on the run in Iraq, Izzat Ibrahim al-Douri, has not been  captured, Iraq's interior ministry said, adding that medical  checks on a man in custody showed he was not Ibrahim.
NCSSM students #39; research wins national competition Lucie Guo #39;s grandfather died of cancer in China before she was born because doctors failed to detect the disease early enough to save him.
Libya outlines oil contract plans Libya moves ahead with plans to modernise its oil industry and invites representatives from global companies to Tripoli for talks.
Australia Govt Accused of Politicizing U.S. Trial  CANBERRA (Reuters) - Australia's opposition Labor accused  the conservative government on Monday of politicizing the  military trial of an Australian al Qaeda suspect, detained at a  U.S. naval base in Cuba.
Iraqis Probe Reports of Al-Douri's Arrest BAGHDAD, Iraq - Iraqi authorities struggled on Monday to clear up confusion over whether the most wanted member of Saddam Hussein's ousted dictatorship had been nabbed in a shootout north of Baghdad.    Also Monday, a massive car bomb exploded on the outskirts of Fallujah killing and wounding several U.S...
European Shares at 2-Month High European shares inched up to fresh two-month highs on Monday as optimism grew that the US economy was doing well, helping to lift beaten-down sectors such as technology and insurers.
Monti backs bid for Abbey EU COMPETITION commissioner Mario Monti has backed Banco Santander Centrale Hispanos 8.75 billion bid for Abbey National. Monti suggested support for a Spanish bid, saying:  quot;At first glance, it is a contribution 
Union meeting crucial to Alitalia WITH the future of Italy #39;s flagship carrier at stake, Alitalia is preparing to unveil a rescue plan at a crucial meeting with unions, revealing the number of planned job cuts aimed at averting collapse.
Chinese commerce official says GM has no grounds for piracy &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; BEIJING: A top Chinese commerce official said Monday that General Motors Corp. hasn #39;t provided enough evidence to prove that a local company copied one of its car models.
Singapore, India conclude 9th round of trade talks Singapore and India have concluded their ninth round of negotiations on a comprehensive economic cooperation agreement (CECA), which will no doubt expand economic cooperation between the two countries.
Global mobile phone sales soar Strong demand for replacement handsets in western Europe and the US helped push global mobile phone sales to 156.4 million units in the second quarter of 2004, a 35 per cent increase from the second quarter of 2003, new research has claimed.
Red Hat appoints new CFO Red Hat has appointed its CFO to replace the sudden departure of Kevin Thompson two months ago. Charlie Peters is the new head of finance at the leading Linux distributor and takes the title Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer.
Souness to Newcastle Souness, 51, replaces Sir Bobby Robson, who was sacked last week after the club suffered four league games without a win. Souness resigned from his current club, Blackburn Rovers, and will take up his post at Newcastle on Monday 13th September.
De La Salle coach, players, take snapped streak in stride CONCORD, Calif. They lost for the first time since 1991, but there #39;s no bitterness on the De La Salle High School football team.
Oil Eases as Funds Take Profits (Reuters) Reuters - Oil prices eased on Monday as\speculative funds continued to take profits but a tight global\supply picture stopped the selling from gaining much momentum.
Web Auctions Start-Up Nets Funding for Expansion (Reuters) Reuters - Dropshop, a Munich-based start-up that\auctions products on the Internet for those too lazy or\perplexed to do it themselves, has raised 9 million euros\( #36;10.9 million) from investors including Benchmark Capital and\Index Ventures.
Wal-Mart Sees Sales to Rise 2-4 Pct (Reuters) Reuters - Wal-Mart Stores Inc., the No. 1\retailer, on Monday said its September sales at U.S. stores\open at least a year were tracking in line with its forecast\for a 2 percent to 4 percent increase, driven by back-to-school\buying.
European stocks post small gains in quiet trading (AFP) AFP - European stock markets eked out modest gains in early trading with little corporate news to spur trading and US markets closed for a public holiday.
Free Mobile Security From Trend Micro The Mobile Security provides anti-virus and anti-spam protection for users of data-centric mobile phones and PDAs. Data-centric mobile devices, according to industry analysts, have become an attractive target 
'Not yet time' for sanctions against Sudan: UN envoy (AFP) AFP - The time has not yet come to impose international sanctions against the government of Sudan, UN Secretary General Kofi Annan's envoy Jan Pronk said during a visit to Oslo.
Scientists Show Babies Have Innate Sense of Beauty (Reuters) Reuters - Beauty may not be just in the\eye of the beholder after all because a sense of visual\attraction is hardwired in the brain at birth, a British\scientist said on Monday.
World's Oldest Field Test Reveals Soil Secrets (Reuters) Reuters - The world's longest continually\running experiment has revealed traces of plutonium in British\soil from nuclear tests in the Nevada desert 50 years ago,\scientists said on Monday.
Launch of Israeli Spy Satellite Fails (Reuters) Reuters - A rocket carrying an Israeli spy\satellite crashed shortly after liftoff on Monday, officials\said.
Romania Says Heavy Metal Spilled Into North River (Reuters) Reuters - Romanian environmental officials on\Sunday investigated a spill of toxic heavy metals into a river\in the north of the country that has reportedly caused\neighboring Ukraine to cut water supplies to five towns.
Wal-Mart Sees Sales to Rise 2-4 Pct  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Wal-Mart Stores Inc., the No. 1  retailer, on Monday said its September sales at U.S. stores  open at least a year were tracking in line with its forecast  for a 2 percent to 4 percent increase, driven by back-to-school  buying.
India offers to supply diesel to Pak Pakistan Foreign Minister Khurshid Mehmood Kasuri on Monday met Petroleum Minister Mani Shankar Aiyar to discuss areas of bilateral cooperation in the energy sector.
Launch of Israeli Spy Satellite Fails A rocket carrying an Israeli spy satellite intended to boost the Jewish state #39;s surveillance over arch-enemy Iran crashed into the sea shortly after liftoff on Monday, officials and defense sources said.
UK creates new numbers for Internet phone users A new batch of phone numbers will be assigned in Britain to accommodate the emerging market for cheap phone calls over the Internet, the UK #39;s media and telecoms regulator said on Monday.
Debian rejects Sender ID Developers responsible for the Debian Linux distribution announced on Saturday that they will not implement Sender ID due to Microsoft #39;s insistence on licensing the anti-spam standard.
Web Auctions Start-Up Nets Funding for Expansion Dropshop, a Munich-based start-up that auctions products on the Internet for those too lazy or perplexed to do it themselves, has raised 9 million euros (\$10.
Brodeur makes it easy You can feel the confidence level, not just with Team Canada but with all of Canada. There #39;s every expectation, from one end of the bench to the other, that Martin Brodeur is going to hold the fort.
EU reportedly closer to settling antitrust case with Coca-Cola The European Union is moving closer to settling its long-running antitrust case against Coca-Cola Co., having judged the beverage giant #39;s offer to modify distribution 
Sony in Talks to Sell Products at Wal-Mart TOKYO - The electronics and entertainment giant Sony Corp. is talking with Wal-Mart Stores Inc. and Costco Wholesale Corp. in an effort to boost sales by shipping to US discount chains with which it previously did little business.
Stadler partners up Junior amateur Aaron Woodard learned one of golf #39;s truisms this weekend at the First Tee Open at Pebble Beach Golf Links.  quot;The better you putt, the lower your score, quot; Woodard said.
EU Commission taking its time with SCH bid for Abbey National The European Commission is taking all the time it needs to rule on Banco Santander Central Hispano #39;s bid for Abbey National, competition spokeswoman Amelia Torres said Monday.
EU welcomes Coca-Cola plan to resolve anti-trust row The European Commission welcomed Monday proposals by Coca Cola to resolve a competition dispute focussed on deals between the drinks giant and retailers to ensure high-profile display.
Asian political parties meeting issues joint statement Beijing (VNA) - The Third International Conference of Asian Political Parties (ICAPP) closed in Beijing on Sunday after issuing a joint declaration.
Launch of Ofek 6 fails An attempt by Israel to launch a sophisticated spy satellite into space failed Monday afternoon, the Defense Ministry announced. According to a statement, the rocket, known as a Shavit I, failed in its third stage.
US Marines Die In Fallujah Car Bombing BAGHDAD, Iraq -- Several US Marines have been killed or wounded in a massive car-bomb explosion Monday on the outskirts of the Iraqi city of Fallujah.
Iraq Government Retracts Claim Top Saddam Aide Held  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Iraq's government said on Monday it had  not captured the most wanted Saddam Hussein aide still on the  run, in an embarrassing climbdown a day after top officials  reported he had been seized in a raid by Iraqi forces.
Fujitsu joining Cisco Systems this time. Fujitsu and Cisco Systems, both high end hardware manufacturers are joining forces. Earlier, Fujitsu bundled their strengths with popular phone company Siemens.
West Japan Quakes Unlikely to Be Precursors, Panel Says  TOKYO (Reuters) - Two strong earthquakes that struck  western Japan are unlikely to be precursors to the type of  massive tremors that hit the region every century or so and the  chances of major aftershocks seem low, a government panel said  on Monday.
Cameroon players back president There is a mixed reaction to a call from 100 ex-Cameroon footballers, including Roger Milla, to stand for re-election.
Agassi, Venus Williams in Action Today NEW YORK - Andre Agassi and Venus Williams highlight today's schedule at the U.S. Open, with top-seeded Roger Federer and Justine Henin-Hardenne in action tonight...
Parents 'auction' school on eBay Parents angry at a religious group sponsoring a city academy are auctioning it for 2m on the internet.
U.S. Real Estate Investors Eye Mexico  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. real estate investors are heading  south of the border, putting their money in an array of  projects and properties they believe will generate attractive  returns from Mexico's growing economy.
Alitalia to announce rescue plan The Italian airline Alitalia is to reveal proposals to stave off bankruptcy.
BG expands Egyptian gas interest UK gas explorer and producer BG Group doubles to 80 its interest in an offshore Egyptian project.
Minister: Captured Man Not Ibrahim Medical tests have shown that a man being held in Iraqi custody is not former president Saddam Hussein's deputy, Izzat Ibrahim al-Douri, Interior Ministry spokesman Sabah Kadhim said Monday.
Ofcom sets out stall on VoIP Telecoms regulator Ofcom has welcomed the arrival of Voice over IP (VoIP), aka  quot;Voice over Broadband quot; down at the telecoms regulator, and promised to stay well out of the way as services develop.
AMD dual-core design fuels chip race with Intel AMD has raised the stakes with Intel as the pair prepare to do battle over dual-core processors following last week #39;s demonstration of a dual-core x86 Opteron.
Veritas buys email archiver Email archiving specialist KVS, which counts Air New Zealand among its customers, has been bought by Veritas. Veritas announced last week it had bought KVS (which stands for Knowledge Vault Software) for \$US225 
Rovers search for new boss Blackburn Rovers are ready to start their search for a new manager following Graeme Souness #39; resignation on Monday. The Scot tendered his resignation to take over the reins at Newcastle.
See you in the semis Guillermo Canas held a 2-1 career record against Andy Roddick, until yesterday. Until yesterday, Canas had never faced Roddick in a major.
Bears go young on D-line The Bears #39; release of eight-year veteran defensive tackle Bryan Robinson on Sunday was shocking only if the progress made by first-round draft choice Tommie Harris is ignored.
Malaysian rebel Anwar in Munich for back treatment Malaysian rebel politician Anwar Ibrahim arrived in the southern German city of Munich on Sunday for medical treatment, saying he was happy to be in the Bavarian capital after nearly six years in jail.
No Kashmir settlement without trilateral talks: separatists (AFP) AFP - India and Pakistan cannot settle their dispute over Kashmir unless residents of the region are included in talks, separatist leaders said as the nations ended two days of discussions.
European Stocks, Bond Yields Edge Higher  LONDON (Reuters) - European stocks touched two-month highs  on Monday as tech shares rallied after STMicroelectronics    stuck to its full year forecast while government bond yields  firmed on continued speculation about interest rate increases.
Hurricane Forecasters' Predictions Awaited (AP) AP - As Hurricane Frances swirled off Florida's coast, officials wanted word on whether to evacuate millions of residents and reporters insisted on more information about where the menacing storm was headed.
Funds: What Makes a Fund a Winner?  (Clint Willis is a freelance writer who covers mutual funds  for Reuters. Any opinions in the column are solely those of Mr.  Willis.)
Scream gallery improves security The Munch Museum in Oslo, where thieves stole The Scream last month, is to upgrade its security in the wake of the raid.
India, Pakistan gas connection New Delhi and Islamabad met Monday on a variety of issues including a proposed pipeline to transfer gas from Iran to India through Pakistan.
US Real Estate Investors Eye Mexico US real estate investors are heading south of the border, putting their money in an array of projects and properties they believe will generate attractive returns from Mexico #39;s growing economy.
Debian Rejects SenderID RWerp writes  quot;LWN.net reports that Debian, a Linux distribution known for its commitment to Free Software ideas, rejected Microsoft-patented SenderID technology, intended to combat spam.
England - a rudderless team? The future of Sven-Goran Eriksson as England coach is the subject of intense discussion after the draw in Austria. Has the Swede lost the confidence of the nation or does he remain the best man for the job?
SkyChiefs pound on A #39;s The Blue Jays smacked the Oakland A #39;s 13-5 yesterday in a game that smacked an awful lot of the Syracuse SkyChiefs. Of the 15 players who had a hand in this much-welcomed cakewalk, nine, including four of 
Li: China willing to deepen ties with Turkmenistan A senior official of the Communist Party of China (CPC) said here Monday that China attaches great importance to developing its relations with Turkmenistan and will,as always 
 #39;World #39;s largest grid #39; demonstrated The grid is made up of over 6,000 machines, with over 1,000 in the UK alone, in 78 countries as part of the Large Hadron Collider Computing Grid (LCG) - the world #39;s largest and first permanent grid, destined to carry out research into particle physics.
'Cheetah Friendly' Beef to Make Its Way to EU (Reuters) Reuters - Namibian beef certified as\"cheetah-friendly" will soon make its way to the European Union\as part of a new strategy to reduce conflict between ranchers\and the graceful cats.
OSS torpedoed: Royal Navy will run on Windows for Warships Combat management contractor opts for Win2k as base OS
Net porn providers to get life sentences China beefed up its ongoing crackdown on internet porn on Monday with new rules published that allow courts to issue life sentences to those convicted of posting pornography online.
Tendulkar Test doubt SACHIN Tendulkar will return to India this week with genuine concerns his troublesome elbow will keep him out of next month #39;s showdown with Australia.
Car bomb explodes near Fallujah; reports of US casualties A car bomb exploded on the outskirts of Fallujah on Monday and there were reports of US casualties, a US military official said on condition of anonymity.
Schroeder party vows not to buckle on reforms after election &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; BERLIN : German Chancellor Gerhard Schroeder #39;s party vowed to press on with its tough economic reform drive, despite a fresh state election rout that spells trouble for a string of further polls this month.
Lebanese Minister Resigns to Protest Presidential Term Extension A Lebanese cabinet minister has resigned to protest parliament #39;s controversial decision to extend the term of Syrian-backed President Emile Lahoud.
Gainesville man  #39;rocking and rolling #39; as quakes hit Japan A Gainesville man, who is on business in Tokyo, says his room was  quot;rocking and rolling quot; as two strong earthquakes struck Japan Sunday.
Thatcher waits to hear coup questions SIR Mark Thatcher was today waiting to find out when he will be questioned over his alleged involvement in an attempted coup in Equatorial Guinea.
Alitalia management to unveil rescue plan to unions ROME : The management of Alitalia was due to present a rescue plan to trades unions which hold the key to whether the state-controlled airline receives a government-guaranteed loan to avoid bankruptcy.
EU decision on Abbey expected next week The European Commission is not expected to make any decision on Santander Central Hispano #39;s bid for Abbey National until the end of next week.
Hollinger Director Perle Says Black Misled Him, NYT Reports Richard Perle, a director of Hollinger International Inc. and a one-time confidant of Conrad Black, the newspaper publishing company #39;s ex-CEO, has turned on his former friend, the New York Times reported.
Ofek 6 Launch Fails (IsraelNN.com) An attempted launch of the Ofek 6 surveillance satellite by Israel today was unsuccessful officials report, apparently due to technical malfunction.
Mladin Release From Road Atlanta Australia #39;s Mat Mladin completed a winning double at the penultimate round of this year #39;s American AMA Chevrolet Superbike Championship after taking 
US Open: Roddick dominates, Serena goes head-to-head with Capriati It #39;s official: US Open had never gone into the third round with only two American men, including the defending champion, Andy Roddick.
Japan #39;s Professional Baseball Players #39; Association Threatens to Go &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Japan #39;s professional baseball players #39; association says it will go on strike for the first time in its 70-year history if owners approve a proposed merger of two teams later this week.
E Guinea allowed to quiz Thatcher Sir Mark Thatcher is to be interviewed about his alleged role in a coup plot by Equatorial Guinea authorities. He was arrested earlier this month by South African police for breaching South African laws and was released after posting bail.
Loreto pilgrimage concludes as Pope beatifies 3 Loreto, Sep. 06 (CWNews.com) - Pope John Paul II (bio - news) traveled to the Marian shrine at Loreto, Italy, on September 5, where he presided at the beatification of three members of Catholic Action.
Pakistan Plays Down Bin Laden Report (AP) AP - Pakistan on Monday played down comments by a top U.S. counterterrorism official that progress has been made recently in the hunt for Osama bin Laden.
Economy Hopes Lift European Stocks  LONDON (Reuters) - European shares touched a two-month high  on Monday as investors bought stocks in sectors highly exposed  to the global economic cycle like tech and basic resources  following reassuring U.S. jobs data on Friday.
Skeletons Yield Secrets to Radioactive Dating (Reuters) Reuters - A new technique using\radioactive dating is helping police pin down the approximate\time of death of even badly decomposed bodies, a conference\heard on Monday.
Alitalia Heads for Junkyard of European Airlines No industry better illustrates economist Joseph Schumpeter #39;s argument that capitalism is essentially a process of creative destruction #39; #39; than Europe #39;s airline business.
Oil Eases as Saudi Offers Crude Discounts Oil prices eased on Monday as top world exporter Saudi Arabia slashed prices for its crude sales to the United States and Europe in an effort to shift the large volumes it is offering to cool world markets.
INTERVIEW: Australia #39;s CBA Eyes China Bank Investment MELBOURNE (Dow Jones)--Commonwealth Bank of Australia (CBA.AU) may acquire up to 20 of mid-sized Chinese bank Jinan City Commercial Bank to secure a foothold in China #39;s growing finance services sector.
Are weak employment figures here to stay? There was a time when adding slightly fewer than 150,000 jobs a month in the United States, three years into an economic recovery, would have been considered a disaster.
US firms bidding for Libya oil projects The United States will be in on bidding for oil development and prospecting tenders in Libya for the first time in 20 years, an official said Monday.
Softbank protests Japan's 3G cell phone market policy (AFP) AFP - Softbank Corp., Japan's largest Internet provider, complained that its plan to offer a new mobile phone service could be thwarted by the government's refusal to provide the necessary bandwidth.
Cazenove Gets Serious with U.S. Suitors  LONDON (Reuters) - Cazenove is getting serious in its  courtship with at least two U.S. investment banks and the  180-year old UK brokerage could tie the knot with one of its  suitors in a matter of weeks, sources close to the situation  said Monday.
Command Failure Seen at Fault in Beslan Massacre  MOSCOW (Reuters) - Security forces bungled the handling of  Russia's worst hostage drama because nobody was in charge and  special forces were not ready when the shooting started,  security analysts said on Monday.
Kon-Tiki Replica to Sail, Study Pacific in 2005 (Reuters) Reuters - A replica of the Kon-Tiki balsa raft will\sail the Pacific in 2005 to study mounting environmental\threats to the oceans since Thor Heyerdahl made his daredevil\1947 voyage, organizers said on Monday.
Hamas Leaders Apparently Quit Damascus, Says Israel  JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Hamas leaders have apparently quit  Damascus following Israeli threats to target them for  assassination in retaliation for a Palestinian double suicide  bombing last week, Israel's defense minister said on Monday.
Pharmacies unite THE owner of the Soul Pattinson chemists chain yesterday said its purchase of the Priceline stores would be a win against the might of the big supermarkets.
E Guinea allowed to quiz Thatcher Sir Mark Thatcher is to be interviewed about his alleged role in a coup plot by Equatorial Guinea authorities.
Dial 065 for CyberSpace p2pnet.net News:- Punch in 056 for the Net, says Ofcom, Britain #39;s regulator for the UK communications industries. Ofcom says it #39;ll also offer users geographic numbers beginning with 01 or 02.
webcrawler : Internet2 is coming Conceived five years ago, it is limited to 206 universities... and the decisive breakthrough is expected any moment. THE Internet has turned 35 with a terrific growth rate and it has been doubling every year 
Stripped down Longhorn still offers gems Microsoft has said the next release of Windows will still be worth the upgrade, even though Longhorn has been stripped of its unified file system and some of its other key technologies will be available for Windows XP and Windows Server 2003.
EMC hires ex-IBM grid guru for CTO role EMC has appointed Jeff Nick, the former chief architect of IBM #39;s grid computing initiative, as its senior vice-president and chief technology officer (CTO).
Beckham doubt for Poland clash David Beckham has only 48 hours to recover from a rib injury that threatens to rule him out of Wednesday #39;s World Cup qualifier against Poland.
Just Luke at me now European Masters champion Luke Donald celebrated his Ryder Cup wild-card pick by destroying team-mates Miguel Angel Jimenez and Sergio Garcia to gain only his second European Tour golf win at Crans-sur-Sierre in Switzerland.
Petacchi Wins Stage 2 of Vuelta Alessandro Petacchi (Fassa Bortolo) has won Stage 2 of the Vuelta a Espana. Petacchi took a bunch sprint from Erik Zabel (T-Mobile) and Oscar Freire (Rabobank) to win the flat, 207-km run from Leon to Burgos in 5:02:05.
Pace reportedly signs 1-year deal with Rams Offensive tackle Orlando Pace signed a 1-year contract Sunday night worth \$7.02 million as the St. Louis Rams #39; franchise player, according to the St.
Tennis: Hewitt and Mauresmo show their hunger for titles NEW YORK Lleyton Hewitt has not won a Grand Slam title in more than two years. Despite being a top-10 player for four years, Amlie Mauresmo has never won a Grand Slam title.
India, Pakistan Note Modest Progress in Peace Talks India #39;s foreign minister says modest progress was made in two days of peace talks with his Pakistani counterpart in New Delhi.
Car Bomb Blast Kills 7 US Marines, 3 Iraqi Guardsmen The US military says a car bomb blast killed seven US Marines and three Iraqi national guardsmen in a military convoy on the outskirts of Fallujah.
The government of Sudan doesn #39;t hide its atrocities N #39;DJAMENA, Chad As Bill Frist, the majority leader of the US Senate, was interviewing Darfurian refugees in Chad earlier this month, the Sudanese government and Arab janjaweed forces attacked a number of black Darfurian villages just a few miles away 
Three Saudi security men killed in clashes to the north of Riyadh Three Saudi security men were killed and seven suspected men were arrested yesterday at dawn in a quarter to the south of Breida, north west of the capital Riyadh.
Car Bomb Kills 7 U.S. Marines Near Iraqi Town of Falluja The deadliest attack on Americans in Iraq since May came as Iraqi officials announced that Saddam Hussein's deputy had not been captured on Sunday.
For Long Beach Locals, the Season to Reclaim the Sand Local residents of Long Beach, N.Y., are reclaiming their chip of paradise after being thwarted all summer by the crowds.
Frances Takes Aim at Florida Panhandle FORT PIERCE, Fla. - Weakened but persistent, Tropical Storm Frances took aim at the Florida Panhandle on Monday after causing flooding and tearing roofs off buildings throughout a wide swath of central and southern Florida...
Rodney Dangerfield to Make Full Recovery LOS ANGELES - Comedian Rodney Dangerfield is expected to make a full recovery from his heart valve replacement surgery but remained in intensive care Sunday, his publicist said.    The 82-year-old actor is hospitalized at the University of California, Los Angeles Medical Center, where he continues to make progress, said publicist Kevin Sasaki...
Stunned Russians Observe Day of Mourning BESLAN, Russia - A numb Russia observed the first national day of mourning for the hundreds of victims of the terrorist school seizure on Monday, while desperate families searched for the missing and foreign planes delivered medical supplies to this grief-stricken southern region neighboring Chechnya.    In Beslan, townspeople crowded around the coffins of children, parents, grandparents and teachers ahead of the 120 burials scheduled in the town cemetery and adjoining fields...
Car Bomb Near Fallujah Kills 7 Marines BAGHDAD, Iraq - A massive car bomb exploded Monday on the outskirts of Fallujah, killing seven U.S. Marines and wounding several others, a U.S...
Making RSS Scale   I've been meaning to write about this since I saw a one-page article on  the subject of RSS clogging websites' bandwidth in NewScientist  back in June. But it wasn't until I saw  this  Slashdot story on the same subject that I knew I had to get my  thoughts down. A lot of sites are suffering from a big problem  mdash;  they are being systematically hammered by RSS newsreaders for new material  at regular intervals.        When I first came across RSS around two years ago and did some reading  up on it, it sounded like another interesting protocol for a nonproblem.  I wondered what was wrong with just refreshing a "What's new?" page.  (I have a natural scepticism towards new and exotic protocols.) Nonetheless,  after RSS established a niche in the realm of informing us,  rolling news style, of new network content, I recognised its usefulness  in this situation. I did still feel that its design was suboptimal, no  matter how many thousands of bloggers now relied on it.  
EU Enlargement Commissioner Notes Turkish Progress Toward &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The European Union official in charge of enlargement says the EU decision on membership talks with Turkey will take into account that country #39;s progress in implementing reforms.
EU: Coke EU anti-trust case settlement closer Coca-Cola Hellenic Bottling Company has announced developments in the long-running EU investigation into anti-competitive practices.
Rates on hold, stockmarket volatile Interest rates are on the way up but borrowers who have been biting their nails in anticipation of a rise can rest easy - until after the federal election, at least, when the sharemarket is also likely to move higher.
Tendulkar to miss one-day championship Indian batting star Sachin Tendulkar will miss the Champions Trophy one-day cricket championship after failing to shake off an elbow injury, team officials said on Saturday.
De La Salle streak ends at 151 wins Clovis West High was hoping to end De La Salle #39;s football winning streak at 152 games when the teams play this weekend in Concord.
Toronto Blue Jays Team Report - September 6 (Sports Network) - The Toronto Blue Jays posted a blowout victory over the Oakland Athletics on Sunday afternoon. Gabe Gross hit his first career grand slam and Russ Adams added his first career homer in a 
Rockies #39; Francis picks up first major-league victory SAN DIEGO -- Rookie left-handed pitcher Jeff Francis of Vancouver stymied the San Diego Padres yesterday and led the Colorado Rockies to a 5-2 win.
Iraqis Holding French Journalists Set 48-Hour Deadline Iraqi militants holding two French journalists have reportedly set a 48-hour deadline for their new demands to be met, including payment of a five-million-dollar ransom.
Six US marines killed in Iraq bomb attack FALLUJAH, Iraq : At least six US marines were killed and several others wounded in a bomb attack on a military convoy near the militant Iraqi stronghold of Fallujah, witnesses and US military sources said.
An Economy That Turns American Values Upside Down he Labor Department reported last week that 144,000 payroll jobs were created in August. Let #39;s put that in perspective. The number was below market forecasts.
India, Pakistan To Discuss Gas Pipeline Issue NEW DELHI, SEPT 6: Oil ministers of India and Pakistan will hold talks on plans for a gas pipeline from Iran to India and New Delhi #39;s proposal to sell diesel to its South Asian neighbour, officials said on Monday.
EMC, Veritas Tune Mail Archiving EMC Corp. and Veritas Software Corp. are building up their respective e-mail archiving offerings through development and acquisition to give customers more stringent control of enterprise content.
Butcher backs Souness Terry Butcher has backed his former Rangers manager Graeme Souness to be a success after taking over at Newcastle. Butcher believes Souness, who has quit Blackburn, is perfect for a club plagued 
China acts on pirated products BEIJING The Chinese government said on Monday that it seized two million fake compact discs in the first half of 2004, acting on US pressure to end counterfeiting of software and movies.
Cazenove Gets Serious with U.S. Suitors (Reuters) Reuters - Cazenove is getting serious in its\courtship with at least two U.S. investment banks and the\180-year old UK brokerage could tie the knot with one of its\suitors in a matter of weeks, sources close to the situation\said Monday.
Oil Eases as Saudi Offers Big Discounts  LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices eased on Monday as top world  exporter Saudi Arabia slashed prices for its crude sales to the  United States and Europe in an effort to shift the large  volumes it is offering to cool world markets.
Libya moves to reform economy but keep political structure intact (AFP) AFP - Libya, opening up to the world after decades of isolation, is aiming to dismantle the controlled economy with its waste and corruption but leave untouched the political bodies dominated by Moamer Kadhafi.
Dollar Rally Ebbs  LONDON (Reuters) - The dollar eased off recent peaks on  Monday as a broad-based rally sparked by stronger than expected  U.S. jobs data on Friday ran out of steam in a holiday-thinned  market.
CAO #39;s Chen to return to Singapore THE man at the centre of the China Aviation Oil (CAO) scandal is expected back in Singapore and with him possibly will come the key to unlocking the mystery behind the company #39;s collapse.
New oil spike hits prices on Wall Street Blue chip stocks ended lower in the US last night under the impact of a new spike in crude oil prices. Analysts said confidence had also been hit by the bomb attack on a US consulate in Saudi Arabia.
API in \$112m pharmacy deal Priceline has been sold to Australian Pharmaceutical Industries for \$112 million in cash and shares just six months after the health and beauty care chain was bought by local managers from its South African parent.
China indices fall sharply China #39;s benchmark stock indices dropped after the Government took over Hantang Securities Co and three brokerages that failed investment company Xinjiang D #39;Long Group Co controlled.
Microsoft unveils SharePoint Service Pack 1 Microsoft has advised customers using its SharePoint collaborative working products to apply newly released software patches designed to provide performance and security improvements.
Alienware Reveals 4GHz desktop keeleysam writes  quot;cnet news.com is reporting that Alienware is going to ship a 4GHz desktop. The new Area-51 ALX, introduced on Friday, uses overclocking, or the practice of pushing a processor past its factory 
Williams defies the doctors Serena Williams muscled her way past Switzerland #39;s Patty Schnyder at the US Open. Picture:Reuters. Serena Williams revealed she had defied the advice of three doctors in order to play in the 
Singh keeps his lead in Boston The Deutsche Bank Championship got a dream match-up for the final round when Vijay Singh shot a 3-under 68 on Sunday to move to 14 under, three strokes ahead of Tiger Woods.
A Sunni commission issues a Fatwa to release French journalists A-Arshiad and Dawa ( Guidance and call) commission has issued a Fatwa demanding the kidnappers of the French journalists be released immediately and not to be harmed.
Rumor mill takes toll on Hong Kong Democrats HONG KONG As the legislative election campaign entered its final week Monday, a series of sex and financial controversies involving democracy advocates was making it look less and less likely that Democrats could win a majority.
Italian Tower Ready for Space Station (AP) AP - A watchtower built for the International Space Station was turned over to the European Space Agency on Monday, the Italian aerospace company Alenia said.
Kerry on Iraq: Wrong War, Wrong Place, Wrong Time (Reuters) Reuters - Democratic presidential nominee\John Kerry on Monday called the invasion of Iraq "the wrong war\in the wrong place at the wrong time" and said his goal was to\withdraw U.S. troops in his first White House term.
UPDATE: Lenovo In Talks With Major IT Company -2- HONG KONG (Dow Jones)--Lenovo Group Ltd. (0992.HK), China #39;s largest computer company, confirmed it is in acquisition talks with a major international information technology company.
Pakistan, India to cooperate in energy exploration Pakistan Foreign Minister Khurshid Mehmood Kasuri said Monday India and Pakistan have decided to cooperate in exploring different energy sources in the South Asian region.
Anaheim Angels Team Report - September 6 (Sports Network) - Anaheim registered a narrow 2-1 win over the Cleveland Indians at Jacobs Field Sunday night. John Lackey pitched 7 1/3 solid innings to lead the Angels to the victory.
Indonesian court rejects Ba #39;ashir pre-trial demand An Indonesia court on Monday rejected a pre-trial demand of the Muslim militant preacher Abu Bakar Ba #39;ashyir #39;s against the police, paving the way for his trial of his implications in the Marriot hotel and other bombings.
Update 2: Alitalia #39;s Future at Stake in Union Talk The future of Alitalia is at stake as the Italian flagship carrier meets with unions Monday to reveal the number of planned job cuts as part of a restructuring plan aimed at averting collapse.
CBA seeks stake in Chinese bank AFTER more than two years of seeking opportunities in China, the Commonwealth Bank has reached an in-principle agreement to buy a stake in a third-tier bank, Jinan City Commercial Bank (JNCCB).
Turkey #39;s EU bid nearing moment of truth, enlargement chief says The moment of truth was approaching for Turkey #39;s bid to join the European Union, EU enlargement chief Guenter Verheugen said Monday, as European leaders prepare to decide whether to open membership talks with the mainly Muslim country.
iMac G5 goes after the iPod set APPLE Computer #39;s new iMac G5 Macintosh may be the first desktop computer that doesn #39;t need a desktop: you can hang the thing on a wall and operate it using wireless keyboard and mouse.
Tiger #39;s ranking on line THE tournament result is almost a sideshow as Tiger Woods and Vijay Singh slug it out for the world #39;s No.1 ranking in the final round of the \$US5million (\$7.
Reliving the samba dream In football, as in life, the past is always so much more rosy than the present. More than eleven years ago, Germany beat Brazil 2-1 in Cologne.
PM appreciates India, Pak. are committed to dialogue New Delhi, Sept. 6 (PTI): Prime Minister Manmohan Singh, today appreciated that both New Delhi and Islamabad were committed to the dialogue process as Pakistan Foreign Minister Khurshid Mehmood Kasuri, called on him here.
Darfur Talks Stall Over Disarmament African Union-sponsored talks on the conflict in Sudan #39;s western Darfur region have stalled over the crucial issue of disarmament.
Vote keeps Lebanon on road to Damascus INNER Beirut was swamped by soldiers and riot police at the weekend as the Lebanese parliament convened to extend the term of President Emile Lahoud, reappointing the Syrian-backed former soldier for three more years.
Macrovision updates software-packaging app Macrovision this week is upgrading its AdminStudio software-packaging application, which the company acquired when it bought InstallShield in July.
Accoona Launches, But Isn't Ready for Prime Time New search engine Accoona launched with great fanfare last night, but hold the applause. It's a promising start, but testing shows Accoona isn't yet ready to play ball in the big leagues. 
Cazenove Gets Serious with Suitors  LONDON (Reuters) - Cazenove is getting serious over its  courtship by at least two U.S. investment banks, and the  180-year old UK brokerage could tie the knot with a suitor in a  matter of weeks, sources close to the situation said on Monday.
Credit Suisse to Integrate Units  ZURICH (Reuters) - Credit Suisse will fully integrate its  investment bank Credit Suisse First Boston with its flagship  private bank, the Swiss banking giant said on Tuesday, as it  set ambitious earnings targets for 2007.
Even in an Age of Terrorism, Towers Are Sheathed in Glass Defying concerns that post-9/11 construction would be dominated by concrete bunkers, the designers of new buildings in New York are turning to glass facades.
Hurricane Ivan Threatens Barbados BRIDGETOWN, Barbados - Hurricane Ivan churned through the Caribbean on Monday, packing sustained winds of 125 mph and threatening to hit Barbados and other islands, after it strengthened from tropical storm status with unusual speed.    The Category 3 storm - the fourth major hurricane of the season - was still gaining strength, but apparently not as swiftly as some meteorologists had feared...
India, Pakistan Plan to Continue Peace Talks The Indian and Pakistani foreign ministers ended two days of peace talks Monday with promises of more negotiations on trust-building measures but no sign of progress toward resolving their pivotal dispute over Kashmir region.
API deal lifts retail presence AUSTRALIAN Pharmaceutical Industries has acquired New Price Retail in an attempt to bolster its retail presence amid growing competition from Woolworths and Coles.
Wal-Mart Sees Sept. Sales Up 2-4 Pct Wal-Mart Stores Inc., the No. 1 retailer, on Monday said September sales at US stores open at least a year were tracking in line with its forecast for a 2 percent to 4 percent increase 
Italian Tower Ready for Space Station ROME - A watchtower built for the International Space Station (news - web sites) was turned over to the European Space Agency on Monday, the Italian aerospace company Alenia said.
Beckham injury concern for Poland Captain David Beckham emerged as England #39;s main injury concern ahead of Wednesday #39;s World Cup qualifier against Poland. Beckham was forced to leave training here early Monday after picking up a rib injury in Saturday #39;s 2-2 draw against Austria.
Boston Red Sox Team Report - September 6 (Sports Network) - Two of the top teams in the American League tangle in a possible American League Division Series preview tonight, as the West-leading Oakland Athletics host the wild card-leading Boston Red Sox for the first of a three-game set at the 
Brits turning into computer buffs More than three-quarters of adults in the UK use computers at home or at work, a survey has shown.
France Faces EU Fight Over Tax Rates European Union officials Monday rejected a French proposal to cut funding to poor nations in Eastern Europe with low tax rates that tempt investment away from their richer western neighbors.
Libya changes to bidding to woo investment for sanctions-hit oil &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; TRIPOLI : Libya set out the contractual framework and tendering terms for oil exploration rights to 15 blocs around the vast desert country as it switches to a transparent bidding process to woo foreign investment for its sanctions-ravaged industry.
Serena Pastes Schnyder, Capriati Next at US Open Serena Williams, hoping her surgically-repaired knee holds out in her quest to capture a third US Open title, pounded No. 15 seed Patty Schnyder in straight sets Sunday to advance into the quarterfinals for a match-up with countrywoman Jennifer Capriati.
Souness leaves Blackburn Graeme Souness was appointed as the new manager of English Premier League club Newcastle United yesterday after his shock resignation from Blackburn Rovers.
England need to get real England #39;s opening World Cup draw with Austria has posed a whole host of questions about coach Sven-Goran Eriksson and captain David Beckham - and they had better find some fast answers in Katowice on Wednesday.
Sanchez seeks NI boost Northern Ireland manager Lawrie Sanchez says his players are determined not to be the also-rans of Group Six. Northern Ireland take on Wales in Cardiff on Wednesday reeling from a 3-0 defeat at home to Poland in the opening World Cup qualifier.
Tests Show Forces Did Not Nab Saddam #39;s Right Hand Man (Baghdad-WABC, September 6, 2004 ) - It could have all been a case of mistaken identity in Iraq. Sunday, Iraqi officials thought they #39;d nabbed Saddam Hussein #39;s former right-hand man in a shoot-out north of Baghdad.
Alitalia plan to avoid bankruptcy The management of Alitalia is today due to present to its unions a rescue plan which holds the key to whether the state-controlled airline receives a government-guaranteed loan to avoid bankruptcy.
Deadly day in Iraq  Suicide bomber attacks American and Iraqi &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Seven US Marines and 3 Iraqi National guard soldiers have died in a car bomb attack in Iraq. The dead were riding in two military Humvee vehicles on the outskirts of Fallujah when the massive bomb was detonated.
Go-ahead for Thatcher questioning South Africa has approved a request by Equatorial Guinea to put questions to Mark Thatcher, arrested last month in Cape Town on suspicion of financing a coup plot in the oil-rich country.
Editor of Russia #39;s Izvestia forced to step down The editor of Russia #39;s respected Izvestia daily said Monday he was stepping down in a dispute with his publisher over the paper #39;s critical coverage of the school hostage standoff 
Hurricane Ivan Threatens Barbados, East Caribbean (Reuters) Reuters - Powerful Hurricane Ivan, the latest in a\busy storm season, rushed over the Atlantic Ocean on Monday and\threatened the eastern Caribbean Windward Islands.
Hurricane Ivan Threatens Barbados, East Caribbean  MIAMI (Reuters) - Powerful Hurricane Ivan, the latest in a  busy storm season, rushed over the Atlantic Ocean on Monday and  threatened the eastern Caribbean Windward Islands.
Alienware #39;s 4GHz Pentium I love overclockers - I don #39;t know if it #39;s the nerves of steel needed to run components so far beyond their factory specifications that they need to be refrigerated, or the glowing water cooling pipes they use, or it might even be the UV lamps and dodgy 
Injured Beckham cuts short training England captain David Beckham was forced to leave training early after failing to shake off a rib injury just two days before he is due to face Poland in a World Cup qualifier.
After spitting ban, injury keeps Totti off Italy #39;s team Italian fans will have to wait at least another month before they see Francesco Totti suit up for the national team. The star playmaker injured his right ankle in a preseason game for AS Roma and did not depart 
Iraqi Ministry: Tests Show Captive Is Not Al-Douri 6 September 2004 -- Iraq says that medical tests conducted on a arrested man have proven he is not Izzat Ibrahim al-Douri, the highest ranking former Iraqi government official still at large.
India, Pak agree on CBMs, differ on J amp;K New Delhi: Making  quot;progress quot; on the composite dialogue process, India and Pakistan agreed on a series of military and other confidence building measures (CBMs) to improve relations but sharply differed on Jammu and Kashmir issue and cross-border terrorism 
 #39;Ransom demand #39; on French hostages An Iraqi group reportedly holding two French journalists has demanded a \$5 million ransom - to be paid within 48 hours. The statement was posted on a website and suggested Journalists Christian Chesnot and 
ASEAN, Australia, N.Zealand See 2007 Deal Southeast Asian nations, Australia and New Zealand hope to conclude a free trade agreement (FTA) by 2007 after beginning formal negotiations next year, government ministers said on Sunday.
Credit Suisse to Integrate Units (Reuters) Reuters - Credit Suisse will fully integrate its\investment bank Credit Suisse First Boston with its flagship\private bank, the Swiss banking giant said on Tuesday, as it\set ambitious earnings targets for 2007.
Back-To-School Now Includes Electronics (AP) AP - For back-to-school shoppers, a new alphabet reigns, and it starts with E for electronics. With camera cell phones and the Apple iPod music player topping student wish lists, some of the hottest gadgets have little to do with pen or paper, much less studying.
Powerful Typhoon Hits Southern Japan (AP) AP - A powerful typhoon in southern Japan caused landslides and floods, left tens of thousands without power, and injured at least 23 people Monday. In the western part of the country, strong aftershocks rattled a region hours after two earthquakes injured 43.
Former Sun, BEA executives forge grid venture Former executives from companies including Sun Microsystems, BEA Systems and Oracle are launching a venture called Cassatt, which looks to automate IT operations, leverage commodity hardware and software and govern network compute cycles in a gridlike manner.
UK watchdog sets out VoIP policy The regulator for the UKs communications industries today set out details of its approach to new voice services such as Internet Telephony.
Stripped down Longhorn still offers gems SEPTEMBER 06, 2004 (IDG NEWS SERVICE) - Even though Microsoft Corp. #39;s much-anticipated Longhorn has been stripped of its unified file system and some of its other key Longhorn technologies will be available for Windows XP and Windows Server 2003, the next 
Microsoft sales down MICROSOFT #39;S fiscal 2005 sales will be unable to keep up with the gains of earlier years, even if technology spending continues to improve, the company said in a US regulatory filing last week.
Maradona held in clinic since May BUENOS AIRES, Argentina -- Former soccer great Diego Maradona can leave an Argentine psychiatric clinic where he was being held against his will for drug addiction, a judge ruled on Monday.
Public must 'help direct science' The public needs to have greater say in scientific decision-making, the British Association leader says.
Broadband to boom in new EU countries Despite their current low rates of broadband penetration, the ten new countries that joined the EU in May are poised for rapid growth in high-speed internet use, thanks 
Women looking over glass cliffs UK businesswomen are breaking through the 'glass ceiling' to get on the board but then find themselves given impossible tasks, a leading psychologist claims.
Israeli spy satellite destroyed Israel's latest and most advanced spy satellite - Ofeq 6 - has been destroyed during launch.
Hutch Plots \$1.5B IPO Hong Kongs Hutchison Whampoa Ltd. (Hong Kong: 0013 - message board) could raise up to \$1.5 billion from an IPO of mobile and fixed-line assets in India, Hong Kong, Israel, and other markets before the end 
Many Users Are Unfazed by Scaled-Back Longhorn Plan SEPTEMBER 06, 2004 (COMPUTERWORLD) - The next major Windows release, code-named Longhorn, is due to arrive so far into the future that many corporate users aren #39;t particularly bothered by Microsoft Corp.
Internet2 sets new data speed record Scientists at CERN (European Organisation for Nuclear Research), the California Institute of Technology (Caltech), AMD, Cisco, Microsoft Research, Newisys, and S2IO have successfully tested a new internet2 land-speed record.
F5, Redline Expand Technology for Speeding App Performance SEPTEMBER 06, 2004 (COMPUTERWORLD) - F5 Networks Inc. plans to announce an upgrade of its application traffic management software tomorrow, the same day that rival Redline Networks Inc.
Graeme Souness is Quitting English Premiership #39;s Blackburn Rovers Scottish football (soccer) coach Graeme Souness is quitting the English Premiership #39;s Blackburn Rovers to become the manager of the Newcastle United squad.
Former great Maradona cleared to continue rehab CBC SPORTS ONLINE - Soccer legend Diego Maradona will return to Cuba to continue his drug rehabilitation with the permission of a federal judge.
Hampton Misses Start With Stiff Neck (AP) AP - Braves left-hander Mike Hampton missed his scheduled start Monday against the Philadelphia Phillies because of a stiff neck.
Celtel predicts African boom (FT.com) FT.com - Celtel, a pan-African mobile phone operator with a strong presence in sub-Saharan Africa, has reported a near 50 per cent rise in revenues as it benefits from rising mobile phone penetration across the region.
Inoculation Teams Deploy in Nigeria (AP) AP - Health workers met scattered refusals from parents Monday as medical teams deployed door-to-door in this largely Muslim Nigerian state, rushing to inoculate 3.8 children against polio after Muslim leaders lifted their boycott of the vaccine.
Andrew Smith resigns from Cabinet Work and Pensions Secretary Andrew Smith has resigned from the Cabinet, says Downing Street.
UK needs 'marine reserve network' The Royal Commission on Environmental Pollution says 30 of UK waters should be closed to commercial fishing.
IBM Rolls Out Arrays, Tries Again on iSCSI SEPTEMBER 06, 2004 (COMPUTERWORLD) - IBM announced a pair of entry-level workgroup disk arrays last week, including a scaled-down reincarnation of an iSCSI-based device that the company dropped two years ago.
Grief, anger grip Russian hearts BESLAN, Russia - Trains passing a cemetery blew their horns in respect today as Russia began official mourning for the hundreds of victims of what increasingly appeared to have been a well-planned terrorist attack on a southern school.
Israel, Russia to fight terror jointly Jerusalem, Sep 6 (PTI) Israel and Russia today signed an agreement to fight terrorism and agreed to explore every possible means to step up intelligence gathering to root out the  quot;global scourge.
Domestic nickel demand rises on lowar prices China #39;s nickel demand is rising on reduced prices and increased purchases from stainless steel and plating plants that are running at higher rates, Shenzhen Daily reported Monday.
Croom, fans savor historic moment When Sylvester Croom met with 500 members of the Mississippi State Quarterback Club at the Starkville Country Club recently, he read a poem entitled:  quot;What is a Coach?
Bomber kills seven US marines A massive suicide car bomb blast on the outskirts of of the Iraqi city of Fallujah killed seven US marines in the deadliest attack on Americans since May.
Ravens Waive Morrow, Cut Eight Players (AP) AP - The Baltimore Ravens terminated the contract of special teams standout Harold Morrow and cut eight players, including 2004 draft picks Tony Pashos and Brian Rimpf.
Ship with Toxic Waste Sinks Off Turkish Coast (Reuters) Reuters - A ship containing toxic waste sank on\Monday after being moored in a Turkish harbor for four years,\sparking fears among environmentalists of serious damage to\local marine life.
Part 1 of 2: Fundamentals the cause of oil price turbulence Last week the price of WTI (West Texas Intermediate) crude was recorded close to US\$50/barrel, a record high, but a level still far lower in real terms than that registered in 1979 -- about \$40/barrel (at the US dollar rate in 1979) -- or the equivalent 
Access Brokerage suspended from trading Michael Stiassny and Brendon Gibson of Ferrier Hodgson  amp; Co have been appointed interim liquidators of no-frills brokerage house Access Brokerage Limited, which was today suspended from trading.
Brits Prepare for VOIP Deluge UK telecom regulator Office of Communications (Ofcom) effectively gave the green light to voice-over-broadband competition today by ruling that service providers could provide geographic numbers (ones with area codes) to VOIP customers (see Ofcom Speaks 
Genesis Hits the Mark For Utah Reentry Wednesday NASAs Genesis spacecraft performed a critical trajectory maneuver September 6, putting it on a precise course for plunging into Earths atmosphere and fireballing its way toward the Air Force #39;s Utah Test and Training Range (UTTR), southwest of Salt 
Linux-builder Debian objects to Microsoft Sender ID licence The worlds of Open Source and proprietary software have collided once more with the news that Debian - builder of a version of the GNU/Linux operating system - announcing it cannot live with the terms of Microsoft #39;s licence for its technology in the 
Alienware Breaks Performance Barrier With 4GHz CPUs Excess heat generated by elevated processor performance is controlled by Alienware #39;s exclusive ultra-quiet Liquid Cooling technology, which cools components with specially formulated liquid and gold-plated, pure copper coolers.
Souness Leaves Rovers Manager Graeme Souness has stunned the football world by turning his back on Blackburn Rovers to become the new manager of Newcastle United.
Status of doubleheader in doubt The status of Monday #39;s doubleheader between the Yankees and Devil Rays remained in question as of 12:30 pm, as the Devil Rays had not yet left the Tampa-St.
Spadafora charged with public drunkenness Former lightweight champion Paul Spadafora was charged with public drunkenness and acting dangerously in a car, his third arrest in less than a year.
Croom tops the best of the weekend Besides the fact that Hurricane Frances impacted some games in Florida, it would be hard to top the opening weekend of this year #39;s college football season.
Bloody day for US in Iraq BAGHDAD - A massive car bomb exploded today on the outskirts of Falluja, killing seven US marines and wounding several others in the deadliest attack on Americans since May.
Seven Marines killed in car bomb attack near Fallujah BAGHDAD, Iraq - A US military official in Iraq says seven American marines have been killed today in a car-bomb explosion. Several other Marines have been wounded in the attack.
Australia Govt Accused of Politicizing US Trial Australia #39;s opposition Labor accused the conservative government on Monday of politicizing the military trial of an Australian al Qaeda suspect, detained at a US naval base in Cuba.
OPEC weekly average oil price falls to 38.89 dollars a barrel The crude oil price, based on the average price package of seven market-monitored crudes, fell to 38.89 dollars a barrel last week, down 2.46 dollars of the price in the previous 
Broker #39;s books \$5m short A \$5 million shortfall in client funds has been discovered after Wellington-based discount broker Access Brokerage was placed into liquidation yesterday.
Challenges and Opportunities in the New European IT Market Is bigger really better? A larger Europe spells even more opportunities for IT development, but the challenges will be huge. Especially for Poland, where the IT spending record is one of the lowest in Europe.
Gerrard:  #39;Time to move up #39; Steven Gerrard has claimed England  #39;need to move up to the next level #39; before they are good enough to win major tournaments.
Joachim takes lead in Spanish Vuelta Alejandro Valverde won the rainy third stage of the Spanish Vuelta on Monday while the US Postal Service team, led by Benoit Joachim, held the top seven spots in the overall standings.
Hampton scratched with stiff neck After Braves medical personnel failed in their attempts to loosen Mike Hampton #39;s stiff neck, manager Bobby Cox was forced to send Travis Smith to the mound for Monday afternoon #39;s 
Darfur peace talks in Abuja deadlocks over security, disarmament The African Union (AU)-sponsored talks to restore peace in war-ravaged Darfur region, western Sudanreached a deadlock again on Monday when negotiators of the Sudanese government 
Australia accused over  #39;fair trial #39; call Canberra has been accused of playing politics after it called on Washington to ensure the military trials of two Australians are conducted fairly.
Lebanon Ministers Quit Over President's Longer Term  BEIRUT (Reuters) - Four Lebanese ministers quit the  government on Monday to protest against parliament's decision  to extend Syrian-backed President Emile Lahoud's term by three  years in the face of widespread opposition.
Frances Seen Less Costly Than Feared (Reuters) Reuters - Though high winds and flooding\generated billions of dollars in damage in Florida, Hurricane\Frances is expected to be less costly for insurers than feared,\analysts and industry officials said on Monday.
Games With Get Up and Go  Video gaming has long suffered a reputation for creating sedentary and solitary zombies, pasty and pudgy except for their muscular thumbs. A growing number of games, however, are getting gamers off their couches and on their feet, not only shouting, gyrating, singing and dancing, but sometimes -- gasp! -- playing nicely with others, face-to-face, in groups.
Intelligence Changes Stymied by Turf Wars (AP) AP - Congress is giving itself a month to come up with legislation restructuring the nation's intelligence apparatus, but Republican leaders acknowledge the goal may fall victim to turf disputes and lawmakers' focus on getting themselves re-elected Nov. 2.
Price of Global Hawk Surveillance Rises The cost of a program to build high-profile unmanned surveillance aircraft, known as Global Hawks, has increased by nearly \$900 million since 2001, according to a Government Accountability Office report released Monday.&lt;br&gt;&lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-Renae Merle&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;
 #39;Oil price set to fall #39; Global oil prices should soon fall, partly because of expected supply increases from Iraq, the head of the Opec cartel forecast today.
Crude oil may rise on inventory concern Crude oil may rise this week on concern US inventories are falling and supply may be disrupted from Iraq and Russia, according to a weekly Bloomberg News survey of traders and analysts.
Palm Beach: Relief underway With only the remnants of Hurricane Frances still around, the relief has begun in Palm Beach County. Officials began setting up five 
China Cracks Down Porn China is getting hard on porn. Those caught pushing pornographic images either through the Internet, mobile phones or pornography through phone sex, face a maximum sentence of life imprisonment.
Editor of Russia #39;s Izvestia steps down The editor of Russia #39;s respected Izvestia daily said Monday he was stepping down in a dispute with his publisher over the paper #39;s critical coverage of the school hostage standoff 
Australian newspaper job ads at two-year high SYDNEY: Australian newspaper job advertising had its largest monthly gain in six months in August, a private survey said, supporting expectations wage inflation could rise and interest rates will increase in coming months.
Sudan Talks in Nigeria Said Deadlocked (Reuters) Reuters - After two weeks of talks to end the\crisis in Sudan's Darfur region, government and rebel\negotiators remain far apart on key security issues, including\disarming warring factions, rebels and diplomats said on\Monday.
Algerian Al Qaeda Ally Says Appoints New Leader (Reuters) Reuters - Algeria's largest Islamic rebel group\with ties to al Qaeda said it has appointed a new chief, known\as an explosives expert, as it tries to regroup following the\loss of key leaders in recent gun battles with authorities.
DirecTV to Sell Half of Hughes Systems Rupert Murdoch's DirecTV Group Inc. will sell half its stake in Hughes Network Systems Inc. to SkyTerra, a company controlled by a New York private equity firm, the companies said Monday. &lt;br&gt;&lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-Michael S. Rosenwald&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;
Sudan Talks in Nigeria Said Deadlocked  ABUJA (Reuters) - After two weeks of talks to end the  crisis in Sudan's Darfur region, government and rebel  negotiators remain far apart on key security issues, including  disarming warring factions, rebels and diplomats said on  Monday.
Sept. 11 DVDs Present Nation in Mourning LOS ANGELES - One film provides a positive message of unity. Another dramatizes the president's difficult days...
Hurricane Ivan Churns Toward Caribbean BRIDGETOWN, Barbados - Hurricane Ivan churned toward the Caribbean on Monday, packing sustained winds of 125 mph and threatening to hit Barbados and other islands, after it strengthened from tropical storm status with unusual speed.    The Category 3 storm - the fourth major hurricane of the season - was still gaining strength, but apparently not as swiftly as some meteorologists had feared...
Bill Clinton Heart Surgery Successful NEW YORK - Former President Clinton underwent successful heart bypass surgery Monday at a Manhattan hospital and was resting comfortably, his spokesman said. The medical team that performed the procedure at New York Presbyterian Hospital/Columbia planned a 4 p.m...
CBA eager to explore China plan COMMONWEALTH Bank has now dipped nearly a whole foot in China #39;s waters after yesterday confirming advanced talks on a new banking deal.
Verheugen - Gul Joint Press Conference ANKARA - Guenter Verheugen, the European Union (EU) Commissioner, Enlargement, said that the decision that would be taken about Turkey in December could not be delayed, stressing that the Progress Report (of the EU Commission) on Turkey that would be made 
Women looking over glass cliffs Women are being  quot;parachuted quot; into precarious positions within companies where there is a high risk of failure, according to a psychologist.
WinZip patches security flaw WinZip Computing warned last month of a security flaw in WinZip, its compression/decompression tool that runs on the Windows platform.
Soccer: Another defeat could see England coach Pole-axed VIENNA - England head into Thursday #39;s World Cup qualifier against Poland knowing a repeat of their mistakes in a 2-2 draw with Austria could leave them looking for a new manager.
Will They Play Ball in the Bronx Today? (New York-WABC, September 6, 2004 ) - The Tampa Bay Devil Rays will likely not make it to New York in time for the first game of their doubleheader against the Yankees this afternoon in the Bronx.
Braves southpaw Mike Hampton misses start against Phils with stiff &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Braves left-hander Mike Hampton missed his scheduled start Monday against the Philadelphia Phillies because of a stiff neck. Hampton #39;s neck had been bothering him for the past three days, said 
Lions Make Final Roster Moves The Detroit Lions whittled their roster to the mandatory 53 on Sunday, releasing veteran kick-returner Reggie Swinton, second-year receiver and fan favorite David Kircus, rookie linebacker Andrew Battle, recently signed linebacker Michael Young, running 
A Vision of Hell The death toll in Russias worst-ever terrorist attack climbs to at least 338, leaving Russia reeling. ULYANOVSK, Russia--On 1 September, around 1,200 children, parents, and grandparents thronged to school 
Lebanon seeks Arab support to counter UN resolution BEIRUT - Lebanon on Monday asked the Arab League to help it counter a UN Security Council resolution, aimed implicitly at its powerful neighbour, Syria, which called for Beiruts sovereignty to be respected and foreign troops to be withdrawn from the 
Russian FM meets with Katsav Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov met Monday with Israeli #39;s President Moshe Katsav as part of his first tour of the region to discuss, among other topics, a collaboration between the two countries in combating terrorism.
Market Report London shares extended their winning streak to a fourth session today as investors turned their eyes towards the key 4600 barrier.
Mani, Kasuri revive pipeline dream NEW DELHI: Petroleum minister Mani Shankar Aiyar and Pakistani foreign minister Khurshid M Kasuri began a new chapter on co-operation in the energy sector.
Women in Business Face the  #39;Glass Cliff #39; Women are increasingly breaking though the glass ceiling to get seats on company boards but only to find themselves teetering on the edge of the glass cliff, a leading psychologist said on Monday.
Once left for dead, Astros streak back into wild-card contention Everything #39;s going the Astros #39; way these days. They #39;re scoring a ton of runs, their schedule looks favorable, their bullpen is starting to kick in -- even their starting pitching, which consists of Roger Clemens 
ESPN-Star Sports takes BCCI to court over TV rights ESPN-Star Sports, who lost the bid to telecast international cricket played in India over the next four years, have challenged the Indian board #39;s decision to award the rights to Zee Network in the Mumbai High Court.
Ba #39;asyir verdict sparks courtroom violence Supporters of terror suspect Abu Bakar Ba #39;asyir fought a running battle with police officers and hurled shoes and other debris inside a courtroom, shortly after a judge dismissed on Monday the lawsuit against the arrest of the elderly cleric.
Holdout Orlando Pace Signs With Rams (AP) AP - Holdout offensive tackle Orlando Pace signed a one-year contract on Monday with the St. Louis Rams and participated in his first practice.
Unusual Number of Storms Hit Land in Fla. (AP) AP - First it was a one-two punch of Tropical Storm Bonnie and the devastating Hurricane Charley. Then came Hurricane Frances just three weeks later.
F1 Driver Button Breaks Silence Over Williams Move  LONDON (Reuters) - Jenson Button broke his silence on  Monday to spell out the reasons behind his controversial and  contested decision to leave the BAR Formula One team for  Williams.
Video's Virtual  Wonderland We offer the video-game shopper a cheat sheet identifying some of the top titles of the  season culled from hundreds of games released in time for the holidays.&lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;  -Don Oldenburg&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;
Israelis to alter barrier route Israel says it will move a planned stretch of its controversial barrier in the West Bank closer to Israel.
Holdout Orlando Pace Signs With Rams Holdout offensive tackle Orlando Pace signed a one-year contract on Monday with the St. Louis Rams and participated in his first practice.
Bush's Record \\"WASHINGTON (AP) -- Documents that should have been written to explain gaps in\President Bush's Texas Air National Guard service are missing from the military\records released about his service in 1972 and 1973, according to regulations\and outside experts."\\"For example, Air National Guard regulations at the time required commanders to\write an investigative report for the Air Force when Bush missed his annual\medical exam in 1972. The regulations also required commanders to confirm in\writing that Bush received counseling after missing five months of drills"\\
Context Specific Mirroring \\"Now, its not that I dont want to have this content here. Far from it. Ill\always post everything to somewhere on this site. I just want to treat each\individual posting as a single entity and place it in as fertile a set of beds\as possible. I want context specific mirroring. I want to be able to choose\multiple endpoints for a post, and publish to all of them with a single button\click."\\
Industry shies off rogue broker Big sharebrokers moved quickly yesterday to distance themselves from the shock collapse of Access Brokerage. They backed the New Zealand Exchange #39;s move to effectively shut down the firm.
EU may back Santanders bid for Abbey Europes biggest cross-border financial services deal in recent years was given a significant boost over the weekend when Mario Monti, European Union competition chief, in effect confirmed that EU regulators would approve the 8.
Intel, AMD Pack Dual Processing Cores on Single Chip Intel Corp. and Advanced Micro Devices Inc. are revving up for what they see as the next big step in the evolution of x86 processorsthe introduction of dual processing cores.
SOU MIGHT JUST BE THE MAN So here I am at Sky News, waiting to go on air to talk about Graeme Souness getting the Newcastle job. On Saturday I was reliably informed by a VERY good contact that David O #39;Leary was on the 
SFA DELAY MOLDOVA DECISION The Scottish Football Association will focus their attention on the World Cup qualifier against Slovenia on Wednesday before deciding on any action for the game in Moldova next month.
UPDATE 1-Button breaks silence over Williams move Jenson Button broke his silence on Monday to spell out the reasons behind his controversial and contested decision to leave the BAR Formula One team for Williams.
Malaysia #39;s Anwar launches bid to clear his name, return to &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; PUTRAJAYA, Malaysia : Former deputy premier Anwar Ibrahim launched a final bid to completely clear his name, a challenge rare in Malaysia #39;s legal system and a move which could lead to his immediate return to politics.
Meeting with unions crucial to Alitalia's survival (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - ROME (AP) - With the future of Italy's flagship carrier at stake, Alitalia began crucial talks with unions Monday to unveil a rescue plan - including expected layoffs - aimed at averting collapse.
Ailing Clinton urges Kerry to bolster election attacks (AFP) AFP - Under pressure in the polls as he enters the final stretch in his race for the White House, Senator John Kerry turned to Democratic heavy-hitter former president Bill Clinton for help from his hospital bed.
Canceled checks, float soon to disappear Every night, millions of cashed checks fly around the country, headed for their home bank. Starting in October, technology will start to ground many of those flights.
Frances tears panels from NASA shuttle hangar NASA managers worried Monday about the prospect of Hurricane Ivan after Hurricane Frances ripped about 1,000 4-by-10-foot aluminum panels off one side of its massive Vehicle Assembly Building, Kennedy Space Center director Jim Kennedy said.
Big maths solution  #39;looks good #39; One of the toughest problems in maths may have been solved by the Russian scientist Dr Grigori Perelman, of the Steklov Institute of Mathematics.
Donald up for Ryder challenge Luke Donald will tell Bernhard Langer next week that he is confident enough to be paired with any of his European team-mates in the Ryder Cup at Oakland Hills.
England panic without hero ANDY Flintoff is one of those rare sportsmen who can enhance his stature simply by not playing. India captain Saurav Ganguly tried to put his finger on it at Lord #39;s, explaining:  quot;England are a far different side without him.
Devil Rays Delayed by Frances, Doubleheader Vs. Yankees in Air NEW YORK (Sports Network) - The Tampa Bay Devil Rays aren #39;t scheduled to arrive in New York City until nearly 6:00 pm Monday, leaving their scheduled doubleheader with the Yankees in the air.
Button reveals all, or at least some As previously reported, Jenson Button hosted a special press conference in London, late on Monday afternoon, and for the first time spoke of the events that have caused him to leave BAR for WilliamsF1 in 2005.
Pressure off for Sadler After winning the Pop Secret 500 Sunday night at California Speedway and all but nailing down a spot in NASCAR #39;s new Chase for the Nextel Cup playoff, Sadler could hardly contain his excitement about a possible trip to New York City in December for the 
ESPN-Star Sports moves Mumbai HC ESPN-Star Sports on Monday announced that it has challenged the BCCI #39;s decision to award conditional allotment of telecast rights for all cricket to be played in India to Zee Network in the Mumbai High Court.
Playoff preview? Hot Red Sox, A #39;s meet But first, two of the hottest teams in the majors get a chance to feel each other out for three games at Network Associates Coliseum.
Suicide bombing kills seven Marines in Iraq; Medical tests confirm &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; A suicide attacker sped up to a US military convoy outside Fallujah and detonated an explosives-packed vehicle on Monday, killing seven Marines 
Pak rejects US claim on Osama ISLAMABAD: Pakistan on Monday rejected as  quot;politicking quot; a US official #39;s weekend claim that Osama bin Laden was close to being captured.
Protests against German reforms enter sixth week Tens of thousands of Germans began a sixth week of street protests late on Monday, demanding Chancellor Gerhard Schroeder scrap planned welfare cuts, one day after his party suffered another heavy electoral defeat.
Frances Damages NASA Space Center (AP) AP - Hurricane Frances did more damage to the Kennedy Space Center than any other storm in history, tearing an estimated 1,000 exterior panels from the Vehicle Assembly Building and leaving a checkerboard of holes, officials said Monday.
Tennis: Henman win in US Open Tim Henman reaches the US Open quarter-finals for the first time after Nicolas Kiefer retires injured.
Nikkei Dips for a 2nd Straight Session  TOKYO (Reuters) - Tokyo's Nikkei fell for a second straight  session to close 0.99 percent lower on Tuesday as selling  increased after the dollar's retreat below 103 yen, putting  more pressure on exporters such as Sony Corp
Federer, Henman Advance at U.S. Open Top-seeded Roger Federer and No. 5 Tim Henman became the first men to reach the quarterfinals at the U.S. Open on Monday, Federer on a walkover over Romanian Andrei Pavel and Henman when Germany's Nicolas Kiefer retired with a wrist injury.
Hurricane Ivan Churns Toward Caribbean BRIDGETOWN, Barbados - Hurricane Ivan churned toward the Caribbean on Monday, packing sustained winds of 115 mph and threatening to hit Barbados and other islands, after it strengthened from tropical storm status with unusual speed.    Residents rushed to install storm shutters and schools remained closed in Barbados, where the Category 3 storm - the fourth major hurricane of the season - was expected to hit late Tuesday...
Frances Plows Ashore in Panhandle PANACEA, Fla. - Tropical Storm Frances plowed ashore on the Florida Panhandle on Monday, its second U.S...
Car Bomb Kills Seven Marines in Iraq BAGHDAD, Iraq - A suicide attacker sped up to a U.S. military convoy outside Fallujah and detonated an explosives-packed vehicle on Monday, killing seven Marines and three Iraqi soldiers, U.S...
Kerry: Pull Troops From Iraq in 4 Years RACINE, W.Va. - Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry, on a Labor Day tour of states where polls show the race against President Bush virtually tied, told voters he would try to pull U.S...
Isotopes could improve forensics Isotopes of lead and polonium could help scientists to form more accurate estimates of when people have died.
Big maths solution 'looks good' One of the toughest problems in maths may have been solved, British Association's Festival of Science is told.
Credit Suisse to Integrate Units  ZURICH (Reuters) - Credit Suisse will fully integrate its  investment bank Credit Suisse First Boston with the rest of its  banking business, the Swiss group said on Tuesday, as it set  ambitious earnings targets for 2007.
OPEC President Says International Oil Prices will Drop Soon OPEC president Purnomo Yusgiantoro said the prediction of declining oil prices in the world markets from September to December this year was also based on the balancing of supply and demand 
Yukos lawyer #39;s offices searched MOSCOW : Russian prosecutors searched the offices of a Yukos lawyer defending a top shareholder who is accused of siphoning off money from the company #39;s accounts, a spokesman said.
Singh leads Tiger at Deutsch, eyes No. 1 NORTON, Mass. - Vijay Singh is leading Tiger Woods by two strokes after six holes in the final round of the Deutsche Bank Championship on Monday.
News Ltd considers SANZAR deal The deal will now include a Super 14 with two new teams from Australia and South Africa, as well as an extra round of the Tri-Nations.
Damage at Kennedy Space Center from Frances KENNEDY SPACE CENTER No storm in history has done more damage to the Kennedy Space Center than Hurricane Frances did. Officials at the Florida facility say the storm tore about a-thousand exterior panels from the Vehicle Assembly Building.
Devil Rays stuck in Florida hours before game NEW YORK -- The Tampa Bay Devil Rays remained in Florida on Monday morning, just 3 hours before they were scheduled to play a doubleheader opener in New York against the Yankees.
Anwar plots his return KUALA LUMPUR: Malaysia #39;s highest court will decide today whether to review the corruption conviction of former deputy prime minister Anwar Ibrahim, a move that could lead to his immediate return to politics.
Packers Scout 'Red' Cochran Dies at 82 (AP) AP - John "Red" Cochran, a scout and former NFL player and assistant coach who spent 42 years with the Green Bay Packers, died at 82.
Alitalia Reportedly to Cut 5,000 Jobs (AP) AP - Italy's flagship air carrier Alitalia plans to cut 5,000 jobs as part of restructuring efforts aimed at averting collapse, news reports and an industry source said Monday.
Chinese Official Disputes GM Claim (AP) AP - A top Chinese commerce official said Monday that General Motors Corp. hasn't provided enough evidence to prove that a local company copied one of its car models.
Kerry on Iraq: 'Wrong War, Wrong Place, Wrong Time' (Reuters) Reuters - Democratic presidential nominee\John Kerry on Monday called the invasion of Iraq "the wrong war\in the wrong place at the wrong time" and said his goal was to\withdraw U.S. troops in a first White House term.
Home loans explode THE Reserve Bank faces the biggest monthly surge in home loan approvals in more than a decade when official figures are reported on Wednesday, the same day it is expected to confirm interest rates are on hold for another month.
Stylish Brazilians outclass Bolivia 3-1 SAO PAULO, Brazil (AFP) - Reigning champions Brazil turned on the style to beat outclassed Bolivia, 3-1, here yesterday to stay firmly on course for the 2006 World Cup finals.
California Speedway  quot;Finish Under FONTANA, Calif. (September 6, 2004) - The lights were a hit as records fell and Elliott Sadler #39;s stock rose at the inaugural  quot;Finish Under the Lights quot; Pop Secret 500 at California Speedway Sunday, September 4th.
Iraqi captors set new conditions A STATEMENT purportedly from the captors of two French journalists in Iraq gave France 48 hours from today to accept three new conditions - agreeing to a recent truce offer by Osama bin Laden, payment of \$US5 million (\$7.
The Region: Wrong, yet winning On the anniversary of September 11, a curious paradox about the United States is evident: the sharp contrast between its policies #39; brilliant success in the Middle East and its strategies #39; abject failure there.
Braves Top Phillies 3-1 (AP) AP - Replacement starter Travis Smith pitched five solid innings, Andruw Jones homered again and the Atlanta Braves buried Philadelphia a little deeper in the NL East, beating the Phillies 3-1 on Monday.
More PE Time May Fight Child Obesity Just an extra hour of exercise a week could significantly cut obesity among young overweight girls, according to a study that researchers say could lead to major changes in the way schools fight obesity.    The study - the largest look yet at obesity among young children - did not show the same results for boys, possibly because they generally get more exercise than girls...
Mathematical Mystery Believed to Have Been Solved One of the seven great unsolved mysteries of mathematics may have been cracked by a reclusive Russian who is not remotely interested in the 560,000 prize his solution could win him, it emerged today.