Government IT Tom Jarrett, the new president of the National Association of State Chief Information Officers will discuss challenges facing state government information technology officials. Filter columnist Cynthia L. Webb will moderate the discussion.
Satan's little helper drinks Diet Coke Former MP3 impresario Michael Robertson tells CNET News.com's Michael Kanellos why "free" need not be a dirty word.
A glimpse of SpaceShipOne's historic flight Despite a literally screwy launch, the spacecraft pulls off a successful flight, leaving one more between it and \$10 million.
Global lessons in e-voting India reports success, while Venezuela fears fraud. What can the United States learn?
Will historic flight launch space tourism? Regardless, space competitions are poised to become big business.
Microsoft asks EU court to suspend remedies Microsoft Corp. asked a judge to suspend the European Commission's antitrust ruling against it on Thursday, arguing that secrets revealed now cannot be retracted.
Update: Linksys goes dual-band on Wi-Fi With its eyes on the future of home entertainment and a relatively uncluttered band of radio spectrum, Cisco Systems Inc.'s Linksys division on Wednesday unveiled a line of IEEE 802.11g/a wireless LAN products.
Russian Oil Giant Hopes ConocoPhillips Deal Will Help Iraq Project Russia #39;s top oil company, Lukoil, hopes that a US oil company #39;s acquisition of a 7.6 percent stake could boost its chances to retain a Saddam-era production-sharing 
Stewart to serve time in West Virginia NEW YORKMartha Stewart will do her time for lying about a stock sale at a remote West Virginia prison camp where inmates sleep in bunk beds and rise at 6 am to do menial labour for pennies an hour.
More cold cash for gas heating US demand for natural gas this winter is expected to increase 4.4 percent from last year, and prices should be higher even though inventories will be near record levels at the start of the heating season, a industry trade group said 
Boots feels the pinch from price cuts Bad weather hit sales at Boots in the first half, while margins felt the pressure from price cuts made to combat stiffening competition, Britain #39;s biggest health and beauty retailer says.
Whole-grain Lucky Charms? They #39;re for real Early morning in Otsego, Minn., is  quot;crunch time quot; at the Simonsons #39; house. Cereal starts the day for 49 percent of all Americans, and 7-year-olds Kyle and Kali Simonson and their 6-year-old sister, Kara, are no exception.
HP, Hitachi Offer 300-Gbyte Storage Platform The Hitachi Ultrastar 10K300 Fibre Channel drive will be offered in the HP StorageWorks Enterprise Virtual Array (EVA), and the Ultrastar 10K300 SCSI drive will go in HP #39;s ProLiant servers and StorageWorks Modular Smart Array (MSA) family, the vendors said 
Open Source gets veteran support A group of industry veterans are aiming to become the  quot;Dell of the software industry quot; by creating a company dedicated to supporting Open Source software.
Bon voyage: Expos take their leave The circle is complete. As the Expos prepare to face their uncertain future, as major league owners wrangle over the carcass, broadcaster Dave Van Horne is on hand to bear witness.
Australia #39;s Ponting Will Miss First Two Tests of India Series Australia captain Ricky Ponting was ruled out of the first two cricket Tests against India next month because of a fractured left thumb.
Cubs #39; wild-card hopes take a hit The Chicago Cubs were one strike from a key victory, but wound up with another agonizing defeat that damaged their drive to the playoffs.
Botham: Zimbabwe tour should be scrapped Ian Botham has urged the Government to step in and instruct the England cricket team to stay away from Zimbabwe this winter. The former England skipper believes the oneday series arranged for late November and early December should be scrapped.
HIPC has not lived up to expectation - UNCTAD The United Nations Conference on Trade and Development (UNCTAD) 2004 report on economic development in Africa has criticised the eligibility and debt sustainability criteria of the HIPC initiative, saying they are arbitrary and lacks objectivity.
Car Rams Entrance of Japanese Parliament A car rammed into the entrance gate of Japan #39;s lower house of Parliament on Thursday and burst into flames. There were no immediate reports of injuries.
Save me, Mr. Blair Chained and shackled and caged like an animal, British hostage Ken Bigley sobbed into a terrorist #39;s camera and moved America #39;s staunchest ally to say he is willing to  quot;respond quot; to the men who beheaded the captive #39;s two US colleagues.
Ten Palestinians, 3 Israelis Killed in Gaza Violence (Reuters) Reuters - Ten Palestinians and three Israelis were\killed in Gaza on Thursday as Israeli forces thrust deep into\the largest Palestinian refugee camp after a rocket attack\killed two Israeli children in a border town.
Chinese Premier Pledges Reunification with Taiwan (Reuters) Reuters - Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao pledged to\reunify the mainland with the island of Taiwan, vowing to\contain forces intent on independence for the island to ensure\the sacred goal of national unity.
Gurkha Soldiers Win Right to British Citizenship (Reuters) Reuters - Gurkhas, who have served with British\army for nearly 200 years, won a landmark battle on Thursday to\be able to settle in the UK and gain British citizenship.
Israel Plans Large-Scale Gaza Operation (AP) AP - Israel's defense minister decided Thursday to launch a large-scale military operation in the Gaza Strip to stop Palestinian rocket fire on Israeli border towns, an Israeli radio station reported.
BCCI says Sony to telecast Australia test series (Reuters) Reuters - India's home test series against Australia next month will be telecast on Sony television, and live pictures produced by TEN Sports, the Board of Control for Cricket in India (BCCI) announced on Thursday.
Microsoft: Suspend Windows Penalties  LUXEMBOURG (Reuters) - Microsoft asked a European Union  judge Thursday to freeze a European Commission order forcing it  to share technology with competitors, but a rival said the  software giant used to provide such information freely.
Al Qaeda Suspect Breaks Legs Fleeing in Pakistan  PESHAWAR, Pakistan (Reuters) - A suspected Arab member of  al Qaeda was arrested by Pakistani security forces on Thursday  after breaking his legs trying to escape a raid on his house  near the northwestern city of Peshawar.
'Tomato treatment' slows cancer An artificial version of the pigment that gives tomatoes their colouring could help treat prostate cancer, say researchers.
Coming Soon: "Good" Jupiters Most of the extrasolar planets discovered to date are gas giants like Jupiter, but their orbits are either much closer to their parent stars or are highly eccentric. Planet hunters are on the verge of confirming the discovery of Jupiter-size planets with Jupiter-like orbits. Solar systems that contain these "good" Jupiters may harbor habitable Earth-like planets as well.
Tax benefit lifts Pepsi profit 35 percent PURCHASE, NY -- PepsiCo Inc. #39;s net income rose 35 percent in its latest quarter from a year ago, helped by growth in beverage and snack volume, as well as a tax benefit.
H amp;M posts improved 3Q profits, sales Europe #39;s largest fashion retailer, Hennes  amp; Mauritz AB, on Thursday posted better than expected third-quarter profits and said sales were up despite lowered prices and competition 
Stock market indicators turn positive as world oil prices retreat TORONTO (CP) - With oil prices receding, North American stock markets seem poised to advance Thursday, the last day of the financial third quarter for many corporations.
Slight Rise in Prices House prices rose by 0.2 per cent in September but the market remains subdued, says the Nationwide... September #39;s rise follows August #39;s modest 0.1 per cent increase, but annual house price inflation over the 
Nigeria concerns support oil prices Oil prices held steady Thursday, with worries over the security of Nigerian supplies lending support despite an unexpected expansion in US crude inventories.
KU grad #39;s team nears \$10 million rocket prize Mojave, Calif. - A team of pilots and aerospace engineers on Wednesday took the first step toward a \$10 million prize by sending its rocket plane 64 miles above the Mojave Desert.
Integration champion enters open-source lists A new start-up offering certification, testing and distribution of existing open-source software could become the Dell of the software industry.
Henin-Hardenne Pulls Out of Tournament (AP) AP - Olympic champion Justine Henin-Hardenne pulled out of next week's Porsche Grand Prix in Germany because she is still ill from a virus which sidelined her earlier this year.
Indians Pitcher Shot _ A pitcher for the Cleveland Indians is hospitalized in Kansas City after being shot in the leg on the team bus after last night #39;s game.
NL Wrap: Astros Take Lead in Wild Card Race  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Mark Loretta hit a bases-loaded  sacrifice fly in the bottom of the 10th to lift the San Diego  Padres a 4-3 win over the San Francisco Giants in National  League action on Wednesday.
Wounded Pilots Land Norway Plane After Axe Attack An Algerian-born man attacked two pilots and a passenger with an axe on a domestic Norwegian flight on Wednesday in an unexplained assault that police said could be linked to his asylum status.
Typhoon Meari leaves 16 dead, 12 missing Typhoon Meari swept across Japan Thursday, leaving 16 people dead and 12 missing in the country #39;s worst storm of the year. Casualties were especially high in four prefectures 
EU welcomes Russian approval of Kyoto treaty The European Commission welcomed Thursday the approval by Russia #39;s cabinet of the Kyoto Protocol Thursday, saying it is confident that it will be ratifed  quot;in the coming weeks.
EDITORIAL: Military talks on Siachen The Indian defence minister, Pranab Mukherjee, has revealed that Indian and Pakistani military experts may soon discuss the Siachen issue.
Consumption Flat, Durable Spending Sinks (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. consumer spending was\unexpectedly flat in August, government data showed on\Thursday, as shoppers exercised restraint after splashing out\even more than previously thought during the previous month.
Merck Withdraws Arthritis Drug Vioxx (Reuters) Reuters - Merck   Co.  said on Thursday\withdrew its arthritis drug Vioxx globally after a colon cancer\trial confirmed long-standing concerns the drug raises the risk\of heart attack and stroke.
Jobless Claims Rise on Hurricanes (Reuters) Reuters - The number of Americans seeking\initial jobless benefits jumped by 18,000 last week, the\government said on Thursday, but it attributed the entire rise\to the effects of hurricanes that have battered the southern\United States.
Consumption Flat, Durable Spending Sinks  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. consumer spending was  unexpectedly flat in August, government data showed on  Thursday, as shoppers exercised restraint after splashing out  even more than previously thought during the previous month.
Chargers on top Tucked away in the bottom left corner of the United States, the San Diego Chargers were easy to either forget or dismiss as the blueprint for NFL ineptitude.
Jobless Claims Rise on Hurricanes  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The number of Americans seeking  initial jobless benefits jumped by 18,000 last week, the  government said on Thursday, but it attributed the entire rise  to the effects of hurricanes that have battered the southern  United States.
Ahold Settles with Dutch Prosecutors  AMSTERDAM (Reuters) - Retailer Ahold reached an 8 million  euros (\$9.85 million) settlement with Dutch public prosecutors  over charges of publishing false accounts.
Network Must Take Shape The promise of a regional sports network that would televise Expos and Orioles games and funnel revenue to Peter Angelos enabled Washington to get the Expos.
Iraq to get \$436m emergency loan The International Monetary Fund approves a \$436m emergency reconstruction loan for Iraq, the first loan from an international body.
Tax Benefits Lift PepsiCo Profit PepsiCo, the world's No. 2 soft drink company, said quarterly profit rose due to tax benefits and a strong performance from its Frito-Lay snack business.
Stock Futures Drop After Merck News US stocks futures tumbled on Thursday after drug company Merck  amp; Co. (MRK.N: Quote, Profile, Research) announced it was recalling a key drug, indicating the market would open lower.
Iraq to get \$436m emergency loan The International Monetary Fund (IMF) has approved an emergency loan of \$436m (232m) to Iraq, the first from an international organisation.
PepsiCo Profit Up, Cuts Jobs, Shares Rise PepsiCo Inc. , the world #39;s No. 2 soft drink company, said on Thursday quarterly profit rose due to \$221 million in tax benefits and strong performances from its key Frito 
Tokyo, Hong Kong show gains Oil price easing helps Nikkei snap nine-session slide; Hang Seng advances in pre-holiday trade. TOKYO (Reuters) - Tokyo #39;s Nikkei average rose 0.4 percent Thursday, snapping a nine-day slide on a technical 
Cudicini on Wenger #39;s hit list Chelsea reserve keeper Carlo Cudicini has emerged as a possible transfer window target for Arsenal next month. The Italian has fallen behind Petr Cech in the pecking order at Stamford Bridge after the Czech stopper arrived at the club this summer.
NASA Salutes SpaceShipOne Team  quot;Burt Rutan and Paul Allen and the rest of the team are great examples of the kind of determination and creativity that is helping America achieve its exploration goals, quot; Administrator O #39;Keefe said.
Cheap flash drives, cheapest 1GB CF IF YOU know of any good value IT sales (auctions, rebates, one-off, clearance, surplus, classified ads) going around in the United Kingdom, France, USA or Singapore, don #39;t hesitate to contact me, at least 24 hours before the sales end.
DEL NERI KEEN TO LIFT CASSANO New Roma boss Luigi Del Neri is confident he can get the best out of temperamental striker Antonio Cassano. The ex-Chievo tactician is keen to open a successful chapter with the Roman club and expects the 
Expos Lose to Marlins 9-1 in Team #39;s Final Home Game in Montreal The Montreal Expos, the first Major League Baseball team based outside of the US, lost to the Florida Marlins 9-1 in the their final home game in Canada.
Film shows 10 new Iraq hostages Video footage of 10 more hostages kidnapped in Iraq was today broadcast on the al-Jazeera television channel as the British government again said it would not negotiate to free Kenneth Bigley.
Blair faces wrath of Labour Party faithful over Iraq BRIGHTON : Prime Minister Tony Blair was set to face the anger of rank and file members of his Labour Party over the Iraq war, as party officials tried to head off a motion calling for British troops to quit the country.
Car Bombs in Iraq Kill at Least 42, Wound 140 Insurgents detonated three car bombs near a US military convoy in southern Baghdad on Thursday, killing at least 35 people and wounding around 140, many of them children, officials and doctors said.
Gurkha Soldiers Win Right to British Citizenship Gurkhas, who have served with British army for nearly 200 years, won a landmark battle on Thursday to be able to settle in the UK and gain British citizenship.
Bills, Patriots have old, new scores to settle TORONTO -- He surely thought of it dozens of times and apparently said it at least once. Given the chance yesterday, though, Bill Belichick wasn #39;t going to repeat out loud his opinion of Drew Bledsoe.
MCLEISH WILL STAMP OUT SLIP-UPS - HUGHES Rangers midfielder Stephen Hughes insists manager Alex McLeish will lose no time in stamping out his sides unfortunate new habit of conceding early goals.
EUROPEAN TOUR GOLF LATEST BETTING ODDS UPDATE Retief Goosen showed great class to take the Nedbank Golf Challenge on Sunday, when a closing 69 gave him victory by six clear shots.
Wealth in America In what has become an annual ritual, Forbes Magazine has released its "400 Richest in America", a list of the wealthiest in a land which is simultaneously revered and reviled for its wealth. Between the lines are some suprisingly revealing truths about what it takes to be rich in America.
Merck withraws arthritis drug Vioxx Merck (MRK) said Thursday that it is withdrawing its arthritis drug Vioxx globally following indications that the drug raises the risk of heart attack and stroke.
Tax Benefits Lift PepsiCo Profit PepsiCo Inc. (PEP.N: Quote, Profile, Research) , the world #39;s No. 2 soft drink company, said on Thursday quarterly profit rose due to tax benefits and a strong performance from its key 
Forstmann to Buy IMG, Talent Agency for Kate Moss, James Brown Forstmann Little  amp; Co., the New York buyout form led by Theodore Forstmann, agreed to buy IMG, the talent agency representing fashion model Kate Moss and soul singer James Brown among 
MS #39;s XPSE Due Here Next Year Microsoft announced that Windows XP Starter Edition would be made available here early next year and at the same time Gartner has sent out a warning about XPSE.
How to reach space - on a pair of junkyard shocks WINSLOW, ARIZ. - By 6:45 on a chilly desert evening, a deep indigo sky has squeezed what remains of the day into thin lines of pink and turquoise twilight along the horizon.
Sony begins sampling Blu-ray components With the next-generation DVD race hotting up, Sony says that it will begin sampling optical pick-ups featuring blue laser diodes in December this year.
Digital music  #39;niche #39; market for foreseeable future, won #39;t replace &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; While digital music revenues will grow to be eight per cent of the total European music market by 2009, the CD will remain the bedrock of music sales, according to a new report by market analysts Jupiter Research.
Nortel Will Cut 3,250 Jobs, 250 Fewer Than Expected (Update1) Nortel Networks Corp., North America #39;s biggest maker of phone equipment, said it will pare 3,250 jobs, 250 fewer than it had predicted last month.
Expos off to Washington WASHINGTON -- Canada #39;s loss is a capital gain. After three years of uncertainty, the Montreal Expos will have a new home in Washington.
Israel Plans Large-Scale Gaza Operation Israel #39;s defense minister decided Thursday to launch a large-scale military operation in the Gaza Strip to stop Palestinian rocket fire on Israeli border towns, an Israeli radio station reported.
Blair faces anger of Labour Party delegates over Iraq Prime Minister Tony Blair faced calls on Thursday for British troops to quit Iraq as delegates to his Labour Party #39;s annual conference vented their anger over last year #39;s US-led war.
British mobile phone firm mmO2 hikes revenue forecast (AFP) AFP - Mobile telephone operator mmO2 raised its forecasts for British revenue growth but would not be drawn on an exact date for the launch of third-generation services in its domestic market.
Is Piracy Pushing Linux Sales? (PC World) PC World - More PCs run the alternative OS, but many will end up with a pirated version of Windows, report says.
Merck Vioxx recall: analyst, investor reaction Merck  amp; Co. (MRK.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Thursday withdrew its arthritis drug Vioxx globally after a colon cancer trial confirmed long-standing concerns the drug raises the risk of heart attack and stroke.
Hennes  amp; Mauritz Net Rises 18 on European Expansion (Update4) Hennes  amp; Mauritz AB, Europe #39;s largest clothing retailer, said fiscal third-quarter profit rose 18 percent, the fastest rate in five quarters, as a cooler summer spurred demand for jackets 
Private rocket ship has wild ride in quest for \$10 million prize MOJAVE, Calif. The builders of SpaceShipOne are trying to decide whether to proceed with another flight into space next week to win the 10 (m) million dollar X Prize.
Apple to launch Western Europe iTunes in October Apple has announced it is to open a multi-nation European iTunes shop sometime in October. The computer manufacturer #39;s vice-president of applications, Eddie Cue, made the announcement yesterday at the Popkomm conference in Berlin.
HD-DVDs Closer to Mass Production The Forum also approved the format #39;s logotype, which will now read as  #39;High Density #39; DVD rather than  #39;High Definition #39;.
AS Roma needs success against Inter after disastrous start to &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; After sliding out of contention in the Champions League and opening its Serie A campaign with two defeats in four games, AS Roma and its new coach, Luigi Del Neri, desperately need points against archrival Inter Milan at Stadio Olimpico Sunday 
MLB: Angels Take One Game Lead in American West Division In Major League Baseball action Wednesday, the Anaheim Angels took a one-game lead in the American League West Division by beating the Texas Rangers, 8-7.
For Yanks, sweeping beauty A division winner faced a division leader when the Twins played a doubleheader Wednesday in Yankee Stadium. However, it wasn #39;t exactly a playoff preview.
Syria to tighten security on Iraq border Syria has agreed to tighten security along its borders with Iraq to block rebels from crossing into its neighbor country, a US Embassy official said Thursday.
UN Report On African Economies Calls for Boost to Manufacturing &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Africa is starting to enjoy economic growth again after years of dismal statistics, but to cut poverty and be more competitive its countries must invest more in manufacturing and improve their export performance, a major United Nations report on the 
Mars Express Sees Chaos in the Canyon The adage in space science is that one person's noise is another's signal. When the sun temporarily blocked Earth-Mars links, the orbital and surface science went into a deep sleep to protect from noise becoming a errant signal...
Calculating the Precise Distance to Doomsday Today's close passage of the relatively large asteroid, Toutatis, has presented astronomers with a new ruler to measure solar system distances. By using two telescopes separated by hundreds of miles, the classic parallax method validates the asteroid's orbital path...
CFHT Unveils Stunning Image of the Cosmos CFHT -- Twenty-five years ago, on September 28, 1979, the Canada-France-Hawaii Telescope (CFHT) was inaugurated on top of Mauna-Kea, a 4,200-meter high dormant volcano on the island of Hawaii.     From the photographic emulsion of the first light to today's 340 Mega-Pixel digital camera, CHFT's instruments are cutting edge; its camera is the largest ever built in operation on a telescope...
Mars Drill Will Seek Knowledge and Resources Johnson Space Center -- It will be drilling for information first, then for resources, though oil is not likely to be among exploration targets.     The futuristic drilling rig, under development at NASA's Johnson Space Center (JSC), Houston, is designed for use on the moon or on Mars...
Study Suggests Spaceflight May Decrease Human Immunity NASA -- A NASA-funded study has found the human body's ability to fight off disease may be decreased by spaceflight. The effect may even linger after an astronaut's return to Earth following long flights...
New Implant Device Appears to Block Strokes By LAURAN NEERGAARD    WASHINGTON (AP) -- A tiny tent-like device implanted into the heart appears to block strokes caused by a common irregular heartbeat, sealing off a spot where dangerous blood clots form, German and U.S. researchers reported Wednesday...
FDA to Study Adult Antidepressant Effects WASHINGTON (AP) -- The Food and Drug Administration will examine clinical trial data for thousands of depressed adults to see if they, like children, suffered increased suicidal thoughts and behaviors while taking antidepressants.    Dr...
Researchers Find Allergy-Free Soybean By JIM PAUL    URBANA, Ill. (AP) -- Plant geneticist Ted Hymowitz knew that finding an allergy-free soybean would take a painstaking search through thousands of varieties...
Scientists Predict Eruption at Mount St. Helens Scientists warn that a small or moderate blast could spew ash and rock as far as three miles from the crater around Mount St. Helens in the next few days. The volcano began rumbling more intensely Wednesday.
Will the US election matter to the IT sector? &lt;strong&gt;Analysis&lt;/strong&gt; Only slightly if at all
Car Bombs in Iraq Kill at Least 44 and Wound 200  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Insurgents killed at least 44 people,  most of them children, and wounded 200 with a series of car  bombs across Iraq Thursday.
Key debate ahead in US election US President George W Bush and Democratic challenger John Kerry are preparing for a key TV debate.
BA flight in emergency landing A British Airways flight has made an unscheduled landing at Amsterdam's Schipol Airport.
Cricket: Zim race probe halted A hearing into allegations of racism against the Zimbabwe Cricket Union is scrapped after a row over procedure.
Charges over Sudan 'coup plot' Some 28 people are charged with trying to overthrow Sudan's President Bashir, reports say.
First space tug deal 'on cards' The UK firm behind a space tug designed to extend the lifetimes of satellites, says it is confident of closing a deal on a commercial flight.
Dozens Killed in Multiple Bombings in Baghdad Three car bombs were set off near an American military convoy in western Baghdad today, killing at least 35 people and wounding dozens.
Merck Announces Withdrawal of Vioxx Painkiller Merck said it voluntarily pulled the drug after new data from a clinical trial found an increased risk of heart attack and stroke.
Israel Plans Large-Scale Gaza Operation JERUSALEM - Israel's defense minister decided Thursday to launch a large-scale, open-ended military operation in the Gaza Strip to stop Palestinian rocket fire on Israeli border towns, an Israeli radio station reported.    Defense Minister Shaul Mofaz made the decision after consultations with army commanders and the Shin Bet security service, Israel Army Radio reported...
Is Piracy Pushing Linux Sales? More PCs run the alternative OS, but many will end up with a pirated version of Windows, report says.
SanDisk Flashes New Memory Cards Company also unveils a device that allows digital photographers to bypass the PC.
IM Worm Crawls Through JPEG Hole Attack largely unsuccessful, but security experts warn of more to come.
Indians Pitcher Shot on Team Bus  KANSAS CITY, Mo. (Sports Network) - Cleveland Indians  pitcher Kyle Denney was shot in the right calf late Wednesday  night after a bullet was fired at the team bus and grazed  another player.
Inventor of the World Wide Web Promotes Future Cooperation The inventor of the World Wide Web told a technology conference on Wednesday that making the Web more useful hinges on a familiar challenge: Getting the players behind the technology to agree on standards governing how computers communicate with one another.
US Jobless Claims Up, Consumption Flat (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. claims for jobless benefits\jumped last week, while consumer spending was unexpectedly flat\in August as shoppers closed their wallets after splashing out\the previous month, the government said on Thursday.
US Jobless Claims Up, Consumption Flat  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. claims for jobless benefits  jumped last week, while consumer spending was unexpectedly flat  in August as shoppers closed their wallets after splashing out  the previous month, the government said on Thursday.
Oil Nears \$50 as Nigeria Worries Persist  LONDON (Reuters) - High-flying oil climbed back toward \$50  a barrel on Thursday, with worries over the security of  Nigerian supply supporting prices despite a surprise build in  U.S. crude inventories.
Nortel Cuts Fewer Jobs, Exits Real Estate  OTTAWA (Reuters) - Nortel Networks Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=NT.TO target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;NT.TO&lt;/A&gt; said on  Thursday its cost-cutting plan will save \$500 million in 2005,  and even more in future years, as it eliminates fewer jobs than  forecast, but plans to exit real estate.
August Consumer Spending Flat Hit with soaring gasoline prices, consumers shut their wallets in August, keeping overall spending flat after a revised 1.1 percent jump in the previous month.
Merck to Withdraw Vioxx Because of Heart Risks (Update1) Merck  amp; Co. said it #39;s withdrawing its Vioxx painkiller, which generated \$2.5 billion in worldwide sales last year, because of data showing an increased risk of heart attack and stroke.
PepsiCo Net Rises 35; Frito-Lay Job Cuts Planned (Update1) PepsiCo Inc., the world #39;s No. 2 soft- drink maker, said third-quarter earnings increased 35 percent, spurred by surging demand overseas.
SpaceShipOne ready for more California - The pilot and designer of a private rocket plane say they are confident it could return to the sky next week in a quest to claim a multimillion-dollar prize.
IBM develops world #39;s fastest supercomputer: reports NEW YORK, Sep 30, 2004 (Kyodo via COMTEX) -- International Business Machines Corp. has developed the world #39;s fastest supercomputer, US media reported Wednesday.
What #39;s missing in Microsoft IE? com September 30, 2004, 4:00 AM PT. There #39;s no doubt the Internet will continue to make its mark in the world of business and technology.
Is Vieri #39;s Inter career over? The chemistry between Adriano and Obafemi Martins raises questions further marks about Christian Vieri #39;s future at Inter Milan.
US hosts Croatia in next year #39;s Davis Cup 1st round Top-seeded Spain plays at Slovakia, while No. 2 United States hosts Croatia in the opening round of next year #39;s Davis Cup World Group.
Twice as Nice: Rogers Wins World Championship Time Trial This morning, Michael Rogers (Australia) received his 2003 World Championship Time Trial gold medal and rainbow jersey from UCI chief Hein Verbruggen.
Arthritis Drug Vioxx Being Pulled The arthritis drug Vioxx, used by millions of people around the world, is being pulled off the market after a study confirmed long-standing concerns that it raises 
Nortel Cuts Fewer Jobs, Exits Real Estate Nortel Networks Corp. (NT.TO: Quote, Profile, Research) said on Thursday its cost-cutting plan will save \$500 million in 2005, and even more in future years, as it eliminates fewer jobs than forecast, but plans to exit real estate.
US Jobless Claims Up, Consumption Flat US claims for jobless benefits jumped last week, while consumer spending was unexpectedly flat in August as shoppers closed their wallets after splashing out the previous month, the government said on Thursday.
Consumer Spending Remains Flat in August WASHINGTON Sept. 30, 2004 - Consumers were tight-fisted with their money amid soaring gasoline costs last month while hurricane-related disruptions sent applications for jobless benefits to their highest level in seven months.
US: PepsiCo Q3 figures on the rise PepsiCo has posted a rise in Q3 revenue and operating profit. The drinks and snack company today (30 September) reported earnings for the three months to 4 September of US\$1.
Justice Department joins probe of AIG services to PNC The US Department of Justice launched an investigation of accounting services the American International Group Inc. provided to PNC that may have violated securities laws, the company said.
SanDisk Flashes New Memory Cards SanDisk this week announced a series of CF (CompactFlash) cards that double the read and write speeds of its fastest flash cards available today, as well as an 8GB version of its Ultra II CF Type 1 flash memory card.
BA plane forced to land at Amsterdam airport A British Airways flight from Berlin to London has made an unscheduled landing at Amsterdam #39;s Schiphol airport as a security precaution, the airline says.
Russia Backs Kyoto, Treaty May Enter Force Next Year (Update1) The Russian government agreed to sign the Kyoto treaty, meaning the global climate accord probably will enter into force next year, irrespective of opposition from the US, the world #39;s biggest polluter.
Car bombs kill 34 children in Baghdad Insurgents have detonated three car bombs near a US military convoy in Baghdad, killing 41 people, 34 of them children, and wounding scores.
34 children among 37 killed in Baghdad bombing; new hostages &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; At least three bombs exploded near a US convoy in western Baghdad on Thursday, killing 34 children and three adults, a hospital official said.
PepsiCo Profit Up, Cuts Jobs; Shares Rise  NEW YORK (Reuters) - PepsiCo Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=PEP.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;PEP.N&lt;/A&gt;, the world's No.  2 soft drink company, on Thursday said quarterly profit rose  due to tax benefits and strong performances from its key  Frito-Lay snack and North American beverage businesses and  raised its full-year profit forecast.
Jobless claims jump by 18,000 NEW YORK (CNN/Money) - The number of Americans filing for unemployment assistance rose by 18,000 last week, the government reported Thursday, as the figures that have fluctuated with the series of hurricanes on the East Coast came in above estimates.
Spacecraft reaches its goal on white-knuckle first leg Kern County -- The first privately funded rocket to reach space completed the first half of a \$10 million flight competition Wednesday by soaring to an altitude of 64 miles -- but only after enduring a white-knuckle series of barrel rolls.
IBM prototype overtakes Earth Simulator as world #39;s most powerful &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; IBM yesterday announced that a prototype supercomputer had surpassed the computing power of the NEC Earth Simulator in Japan, currently the world #39;s most powerful machine.
Staying alive Petco Park turned a few Padres hitters into head cases early this season. On the flip side, the Padres have became one-run monsters in their \$474 million home.
There is no crying in baseball Murphy, who went to the San Francisco Giants game when Barry Bonds hit his 700th homer Sept. 17, is suing Steve Williams. According to a story on ESPN.
Deadliest attacks in Iraq insurgency BAGHDAD, Sept 30 (AFP) - At least 41 people were killed, most of them children, and scores wounded after three car bombs exploded in western Baghdad on Thursday, the latest in a string of bloody bombings in Iraq.
EDITORIALSMore defectors are on the way On Wednesday, 44 North Korean defectors entered the Canadian Embassy in Beijing. There are points worth noting regarding the timing and size of this incident.
Beshir accuses US of supporting Darfur rebels CAIRO - Sudanese President Omar el-Beshir has accused the United States of backing rebels  quot;to the hilt quot; in the country #39;s war-torn Darfur region and said the crisis there has been blown out of all proportion.
Dow gets Merck #39;d NEW YORK (CNN/Money) - Merck #39;s withdrawal of its arthritis treatment sent the stock tumbling more than 25 percent and pushed the Dow into deeply negative territory at the open Thursday.
Nortel Details Previously Announced Cuts TORONTO Sept. 30, 2004 - Nortel Networks Corp. gave details of a previously announced job cut program Thursday, saying it is cutting 1,400 in the United States by next June.
Fresh Del Monte Cuts 2004 Profit Forecast Fresh Del Monte Inc. (FDP.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Thursday cut its 2004 earnings forecast because of weak banana prices, high fuel costs and bad weather, among other factors.
British house price rises slightly for second month in September British housing market grew slightly for the second month in succession in September, showing further evidence of checking effects by five interest rates hikes since last November 
Sony Plans European Ad Blitz to Stifle iTunes Sony Corp. next week will launch a marketing blitz in Europe for its new Connect music download store, its latest effort to derail the 
500 million dollars lost in Internet 'phishing' scams in US (AFP) AFP - US consumers and businesses have lost an estimated 500 million dollars to a relatively new Internet scam known as  quot;phishing, quot; according to a survey released this week.
Macs help Sky Captain save the day, win converts (MacCentral) MacCentral - When Sky Captain -- hero of Paramount Pictures' hit film "Sky Captain and the World of Tomorrow" -- swooped out of the sky in his P-40 Warhawk and protected New York City from an army of giant robots, he wasn't just convincing moviegoers to suspend their disbelief. He also helped convince visual effects supervisor Darin Hollings that Macs could carry the load just as easily as, or better than, the UNIX-based SGI and Linux-based PC workstations he previously used.
Microsoft Asks Judge to Suspend Penalties (Reuters) Reuters - Microsoft asked a European Union\judge Thursday to freeze a European Commission order forcing it\to share technology with competitors, but a rival said the\software giant used to provide such information freely.
Edward C. Baig: Personal Tech - New iMac even more exquisite than last one (USATODAY.com) USATODAY.com - A softball tech question: Can you name the innovator whose gorgeously distinctive products earn praise from reviewers and almost cultish devotion from customers? The answer: Apple Computer.
Toxic Algae Bloom Seen Off Washington State Coast (Reuters) Reuters - An unusually large toxic bloom of\algae, which could poison humans and taint shellfish, has been\detected in the ocean off the northwest coast of Washington\state, oceanographers said on Wednesday.
Recommendations to Combat Obesity in Kids (AP) AP - The Institute of Medicine had recommendations for several groups to help stem childhood obesity:
From soup to nuts with Microsoft #8217;s collaboration chief &lt;strong&gt;Interview&lt;/strong&gt; Anoop Gupta
Iraqi PM: Elections to Go Ahead as Planned (Reuters) Reuters - Elections will go ahead in Iraq next\January as planned, despite the violence ravaging the country,\interim Prime Minister Iyad Allawi said Thursday.
Natfoods  #39;worth more #39; NATIONAL Foods hauled up the auction flag yesterday signalling that the Australian dairy giant could change hands for \$1.81 billion.
24 Dead in Gaza Strip Fighting (AP) AP - Israeli troops pushed deep into the largest Palestinian refugee camp Thursday, a first in four years of fighting, after a Palestinian rocket killed two preschoolers in an Israeli border town.
Sony Plans European Ad Blitz to Stifle iTunes  BERLIN (Reuters) - Sony Corp. next week will launch a  marketing blitz in Europe for its new Connect music download  store, its latest effort to derail the runaway momentum of  Apple Computer's iTunes service.
Russian Move Clears Way to Bring Kyoto Into Force  MOSCOW (Reuters) - The Russian government approved the  Kyoto Protocol Thursday, giving decisive support to the  long-delayed climate change treaty that should allow it to come  into force worldwide.
Telstra may split its services MARK COLVIN: To Telstra, and a question that may go even deeper than the long-running one about whether it should be privatised. Can the carrier remain as a single giant company, complete with a monopoly on 
Car Bombs Kill 34 Children in Baghdad  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Insurgents detonated three car bombs  near a U.S. military convoy in Baghdad Thursday, killing 41  people, 34 of them children, and wounding scores.
AT T Lowers Price on Internet Calling Service (Reuters) Reuters - AT T Corp  on Thursday said it\was lowering the price on its CallVantage Internet calling\service by  #36;5 per month, matching the price from several other\suppliers.
Munich migrates to Linux despite EU debate (InfoWorld) InfoWorld - If Microsoft Corp. had any hope of seeing Munich back away from its landmark decision last year to abandon Windows software in favor of open source Linux, that hope faded Wednesday when city officials decided to move ahead with their migration project.
Ex-Astronaut Casts Doubt on Space Tourism (AP) AP - Eugene Cernan, the last man to walk on the moon during the final Apollo landing, said Thursday he doesn't expect space tourism to become reality in the near future, despite a strong demand.
Private Rocket Ship Lands in California After Flight (Reuters) Reuters - SpaceShipOne completed the first\leg of its bid for a  #36;10-million civilian space prize with a\wild corkscrew-like ascent into space above the California\desert on Wednesday.
Analysts: IBM selling PC business makes sense IBM is considering pulling out of the personal computer business it founded - a sign of a big change in the way companies buy computers and a shift of power in the PC industry.
Metcash in \$846m raid on Foodland INDEPENDENT grocery wholesaler Metcash Trading has made a bold bid to become the third force in our supermarket scene behind Woolworths and Coles with a \$846 million offer for Foodland yesterday.
Spanish government to allow homosexual couples to adopt (AFP) AFP - The right by homosexual couples to adopt children will reportedly be added to draft legislation legalizing gay marriages to be adopted Friday by Spain's Socialist government.
Quebec can't speak for Canada on world stage, says Robillard (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - OTTAWA (CP) - When it comes to world affairs, nobody speaks for Canada except Canada, says Intergovernmental Affairs Minister Lucienne Robillard.
Despite Reforms, Florida Vote May Face Challenge (Reuters) Reuters - With hundreds of lawyers mobilizing next\month to monitor the presidential election, what are the\chances of a remake of the Florida 2000 fiasco? Probably quite\high, election watchers say.
Bush's Reserve Resignation Cited 'Inadequate Time' (Reuters) Reuters - President Bush, accused by Democrats of\shirking his duty in the Texas Air National Guard during the\Vietnam War, wrote that he had "inadequate time" to meet future\Reserve commitments in his Nov. 1974 letter of resignation\released on Wednesday.
The next president could tip high court (USATODAY.com) USATODAY.com - This election's potential impact on the Supreme Court has seemed to be an afterthought, but the stakes for the court and the law are even higher now than they were in 2000. The prospect of a change on the court is greater and the replacement of one justice could affect the law on hot issues.
21 Palestinians, 3 Israelis Die in Gaza Fighting  JABALYA, Gaza (Reuters) - Twenty-one Palestinians and three  Israelis were killed Thursday, Gaza's bloodiest day for more  than two years, as Israel struck back after a rocket attack  killed two Israeli children in a border town.
AT T Lowers Price on Internet Calling Service  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - AT T Corp &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=T.N qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;T.N&lt;/A&gt; on Thursday said it  was lowering the price on its CallVantage Internet calling  service by \$5 per month, matching the price from several other  suppliers.
Digitizing the Bill of Rights Who says the Constitution doesn't apply to the Internet?  One of the most controversial provisions of the USA Patriot Act took a blow yesterday, courtesy of the ACLU and a federal judge in New York. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-washingtonpost.com&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Nortel Details Previously Announced Cuts Nortel Networks Corp. gave details of a previously announced job cut program Thursday, saying it is cutting 1,400 in the United States by next June.
US presses Belgrade on war crimes US diplomats tell Serbia-Montenegrin leaders it is in their best interests to hand over top war crimes suspects.
IPod Speaker Sets Get a Hearing Compact speakers for personal music players have been around since the original Walkman. Now that mini-hard drive music machines can hold your entire collection, the product category is back with a vengeance.
Huge turnout for  Indian Maoists Tens of thousands of people attend a rally called by the left-wing rebel  People's War Group in southern India.
Concern over US volcano rumbles US scientists fear a surge in activity at the Mount St Helens volcano in Washington state might be a sign it is on the verge of erupting.
Merck Pulls Vioxx Painkiller From Market, and Stock Plunges Merck said it voluntarily pulled the drug after new data from a clinical trial found an increased risk of heart attack and stroke.
Baghdad Bombings Kill 35 Children BAGHDAD, Iraq - Bombs exploded near a U.S. convoy in western Baghdad on Thursday, killing 35 children and seven adults, a hospital official said...
IMF Forecasts Growth in Sub-Saharan Economies THE International Monetary Fund forecast yesterday a substantial jump in economic growth in sub-Saharan Africa this year and next, saying the outlook for the region was better than in years.
IBM settles with workers in landmark pension case IBM has said that it has agreed to pay \$320 million to current and former employees to settle in part a class-action lawsuit over its pension plan in a case that may affect millions of workers at many companies and nonprofit organizations.
US consumers tighten purse strings in August US consumer spending, a key pillar of the nation #39;s economy, was flat in August as Americans reacted to surging gasoline prices.
PepsiCo earnings rise; job cuts planned NEW YORK - PepsiCo (PEP), the world #39;s No. 2 soft drink company, said Thursday that quarterly profit rose because of tax benefits and strong performances from its key Frito-Lay snack and North American beverage 
Nortel trims layoff plan Telecommunications equipment maker Nortel Networks will not lay off as many employees as it previously predicted, the company said Thursday.
Cereal Giant Shifts To Whole Grain GOLDEN VALLEY, Minn. -- Hoping to give a boost to the battle against obesity, General Mills is converting all of its  quot;Big G quot; cereals to whole grain.
Date given for UK Enron case A judge is set to rule in two weeks on a case involving three UK former bankers fighting extradition to the United States over alleged fraud charges involving Enron executives.
Bruandwo raises stakes BRUANDWO has bowed to the inevitable and drastically raised its bid for Victorian pubs group Australian Leisure  amp; Hospitality.
Intermet files for Chapter 11 TROY, Mich. -- Auto-parts maker Intermet Corp. has filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy, blaming soaring prices for scrap steel and other raw materials.
India posts 7.4 gain in growth BANGALORE, India India #39;s economy expanded by a more-than-expected 7.4 percent in the April-to-June quarter, buoyed by strong growth in manufacturing and services, the government announced on Thursday.
Roddick Reaches Thailand Open Quarters (AP) AP - Andy Roddick needed seven match points before finally putting away Jeff Morrison 6-2, 6-7 (4), 6-4 Thursday to reach the Thailand Open quarterfinals.
One small step for space travel MARK COLVIN: Space travel is a childhood dream, but today it got a little closer to adult reality, for the wealthy, at any rate. The prototype private space vessel  quot;SpaceShipOne quot; made a mostly successful manned test flight over the American Mojave Desert.
IBM claims fastest supercomputer on the planet Currently, the NEC-assembled Earth Simulator in Yokohama, Japan is ranked at number one, with its 5,120 processors recording an operating speed of 35.
India next in line for cut-down XP Microsoft has named India as the next market for its stripped-down version of XP, with shipping expected to begin early next year.
Enter your e-mail: Every week, it seems, I see another announcement about one of the two competing blue-laser-based optical disc formats. The latest news is from the HD-DVD camp.
Congress joins file-sharing battle Just over a year ago, the recording industry unleashed its first barrage of lawsuits against people who share music online - a move that appeared to curtail illegal file swapping briefly.
Salesforce.com adds customer support product Hoping to find the same success in the contact center as it found with the sales force, Salesforce.com today added Supportforce.com to its application arsenal.
Clever cars can read road signs The plaintive plea to the traffic cop is the same the world over: Sorry officer, I didnt know I was speeding. But drivers may soon have to come up with a better excuse.
Smile Pretty for the Cell Phone Thanks to digital cameras, picture taking has been revitalized. At this year #39;s Photokina, the world #39;s largest photography trade fair, digital cameras dominate the picture.
Linksys Teams With Verizon, Best Buy, Intel Cisco #39;s Irvine-based Linksys division has announced new relationships with a number of other companies. Linksys said that it has signed an agreement with Verizon to include the company #39;s VoIP phones in its services.
Rogers rejoices after gold rush MICHAEL ROGERS likes the look and feel of the world champion #39;s rainbow-coloured jersey on his back. The Italian-based Rogers, 25, from Canberra, has been hovering around world championship podiums at junior 
Big surprise by Indian board Calcutta, India - The Indian cricket board made a surprise move on Thursday by granting television production and distribution rights for the upcoming Test series against Australia, even as the Supreme Court was hearing a petition by another network 
Major League Baseball Returns to Washington, DC Major League Baseball is back in the nation #39;s capital for the first time since the Washington Senators team moved to Texas and became the Rangers in 1971.
Domenech pleads with Zidane and Thuram to return - both say no France coach Raymond Domenech made a last-ditch plea with Zinedine Zidane and Lilian Thuram, asking them to rejoin the team for two crucial games.
Owen prepared to play the waiting game at Real England striker Michael Owen says that although he is desperately keen to get on the pitch he is prepared to bide his time and wait for his opportunity to break into the first team at Real Madrid.
Indians Pitcher Shot _ Cleveland pitcher Kyle Denney was slightly wounded in the leg late last night, on the team bus as it left Kauffman Stadium for Kansas City International Airport.
Suicide bombers strike twice in Baghdad BAGHDAD, Iraq Suicide bombers and other attackers, apparently targeting US and Iraqi forces, struck in quick succession in three separate areas of the capital Thursday, killing at least 46 people and wounding 208 others, officials said.
New tape of Briton BANGKOK The Thai wife of a British engineer held hostage in Iraq said Thursday that newly released video footage of her husband had buoyed her hopes for his safe return.
Rape trials open on storied isle PITCAIRN ISLAND A string of sex abuse trials opened on Pitcairn Island, the isolated British territory in the Pacific Ocean that is home to the descendants of the 18th-century Bounty mutineers.
N.Korean Defectors with Weapons in the S.Korean Embassy in China It was reported on September 30 that the South Korean government is aggressively reviewing ways of a conditional handover to China of North Korean defectors who used weapons or violence to enter the Korean Embassy in China.
Typhoon leaves 18 dead, 7 missing Eighteen people have been confirmed dead and seven others remain missing as a result of Typhoon Meari, which swept through Japan and weakened into an extra-tropical depression around noon (local time).
Baghdad bombings kill 35 children; new hostages seized Bombs exploded near a US convoy in western Baghdad on Thursday, killing 35 children and seven adults, a hospital official said. Hours 
BA plane in emergency Amsterdam landing A British Airways flight was today forced to make an unscheduled landing in Amsterdam, accompanied by Dutch fighter jets, after a  quot;specific threat quot; was reported.
Nortel trims layoff plan Nortel reduced layoffs by 250, as the company details plans to cut expenses
Gateway to offer customized PCs again The company on Thursday will take the wraps off three new configurable desktops.
Munich migrates to Linux despite EU debate If Microsoft Corp. had any hope of seeing Munich back away from its landmark decision last year to abandon Windows software in favor of open source Linux, that hope faded Wednesday when city officials decided to move ahead with their migration project.
Carmax Reports Record Third-Quarter Sales (Reuters) Reuters - Auto retailer Carmax Inc. \reported record third-quarter sales on Monday and said used-car\sales had strengthened considerably since the spring and\summer.
Red Hat picks up pieces of Netscape Red Hat Inc. has gone scavenging among Netscape's remains, agreeing Thursday to pay America Online Inc. (AOL) up to \$23 million in cash for the assets of Netscape Communications Corp.'s Security Solutions unit.
IBM Makes Partial Settlement in Age-Bias Case Legal action was taken against IBM concerning its conversion to a controversial cash-balance pension plan. Under the terms of the agreement, IBM will pay at least \$300 million to settle certain claims in the complex lawsuit.
Nortel Cuts Fewer Jobs, Exits Real Estate Nortel Networks Corp. on Thursday said it would eliminate about 10 percent of its work force, slightly less than previously estimated, and consolidate real estate in a cost-cutting plan that will save \$500 million in 2005.
Merck takes down the Dow NEW YORK (CBS.MW) - US stocks traded mixed Thurday as Merck shares lost a quarter of their value, dragging blue chips lower, but the Nasdaq moved higher, buoyed by gains in the semiconductor sector.
Russia Delays Review of Yukos Subsidiary Licenses Russia #39;s Natural Resources Ministry has postponed consideration of whether to suspend the licenses of the main subsidiary of the troubled giant oil firm Yukos.
ALH investors should wait for a Bruandwo extension AFTER months of procrastination - an attempt to wear down the shareholders of Australian Leisure  amp; Hospitality into accepting an under-priced offer - the joint bid vehicle of Woolworths and pubs king Bruce Mathieson, Bruandwo, has reversed tactics.
Boozy Lunches Off the Menu at Brewer #39;s New HQ It may be the world #39;s biggest brewer -- and in beer-loving Belgium at that -- but InBev does not want its managers drinking at lunchtime.
Jags could take two-game lead with win Editor #39;s note: ESPN senior NFL writer John Clayton #39;s weekly  quot;First And 10 quot; column takes you around the league with a look at the best game of the week followed by primers for 10 other games.
Minnesota Twins Team Report - September 30 (Sports Network) - The Minnesota Twins try to get back on the winning track when they conclude their three-game set with the New York Yankees at Yankee Stadium.
Scores of kids die in Baghdad car blasts Baghdad: At least 49 people were killed, most of them children, in a series of devastating car bombs that left a trail of carnage in Baghdad and northern Iraq on Thursday, medics and the US military said.
Germany Extends Afghan Mission The German Parliament on Thursday overwhelming approved a one-year extension of the Bundeswehr #39;s Afghanistan mandate. The decision comes a day after a grenade attack on a German camp in Kunduz injured five.
IMF head calls on China to move toward currency flexibility (AFP) AFP - Pressure mounted on China to allow its currency to float freely as the IMF's top official urged Chinese authorities to make the move now, while their economy is booming.
Swedish fashion retailer H and M profits rise in third quarter (AFP) AFP - Swedish fashion retailer Hennes and Mauritz posted a rise in profits for the third quarter, saying its price-cut strategy had paid off.
Arthritis Drug Vioxx Being Pulled  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The arthritis drug Vioxx, used by 2  million people around the world, is being pulled off the market  after a study confirmed longstanding concerns that it raises  the risk of heart attack and stroke, the manufacturer, Merck    Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MRK.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;MRK.N&lt;/A&gt;, said on Thursday.
Oil Nears \$50 on Nigeria Supply Worries  LONDON (Reuters) - High-flying oil climbed back toward \$50  a barrel on Thursday, with worries over the security of  Nigerian supply supporting prices despite a surprise build in  U.S. crude inventories.
Synnex's World Isn't Flat The company is moving along a dual track -- growth through acquisitions and organic efforts.
IBM agrees on partial pension settlement In a decision that eventually may affect millions of workers, IBM says it will pay \$320 million to settle part of a pension plan lawsuit.
Government opens Fannie Mae inquiry The Justice Department has opened an investigation into possible accounting fraud by the mortgage giant Fannie Mae. The criminal inquiry, still in a preliminary stage, came 
US Midwest Economy Stronger,Jobs Struggle Business activity in the US Midwest expanded in September at a faster-than-expected rate, hinting that the economy is climbing out of its summer slow patch, a report showed on Thursday.
Nortel cutting 950 jobs in Canada, mostly in Ottawa, among total &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; TORONTO (CP) - Nortel Networks gave details of previously announced job cuts Thursday, saying it is cutting 950 jobs in Canada - almost 10 per cent of its workforce in this country-and 1,400 in the United States among a total of 3,250 to be eliminated 
Blue Chips Fall on Merck Recall, Crude Up US blue chips fell on Thursday after drug company Merck  amp; Co.(MRK.N: Quote, Profile, Research) said it was withdrawing its key arthritis drug Vioxx, while relentless oil prices floated back to \$50 a barrel.
Industry group says inventory is being managed better SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW) -- Semiconductor stocks rose Thursday as a chip trade group announced global August sales that showed an expected slowing of growth.
European supermarket chain extends RFID push European supermarket chain Tesco is planning to extend its RFID rollout in time for the Christmas rush. The company, which began using the tracking technology in October last year, will be introducing the 
To HD-DVD or not to HD-DVD? If you are an equipment manufacturer, parts supplier or content provider, the question has unquestionably been posed to you before.
UPS Steps Up RFID Efforts The packaging and shipping company plans to upgrade readers it #39;s testing to the next-generation, multiprotocol technology. By Elena Malykhina.
Arsenal duo in France squad France coach Raymond Domenech has kept faith with Arsenal duo Thierry Henry and Robert Pires for the World Cup qualifiers against Ireland and Cyprus.
Crisis looming at Ajax What seemed like the perfect football marriage is suddenly splitting at the seams. Ajax and Ronald Koeman are no longer a couple, although they still live in the same apartment.
Novak cruises into next round SECOND-seeded Jiri Novak cruised into the ATP Shanghai Open quarterfinals with a 6-4 6-7 (5) 6-1, victory today over Melle Van Gemerden of the Netherlands.
Militants seize 10 hostages in Iraq: al-Jazeera The pan-Arab al-Jazeera TV channel showed a videotape Thursday of 10 hostages held by Islamic militants in Iraq. An extremist Islamic group calling itself the Islamic Army 
India Expects Jump in High-Tech Imports (AP) AP - India's space agency said Thursday its removal from a U.S. export restriction list earlier this month could result in a threefold import increase of high technology equipment from the United States.
Calif. OKs Anti-Spyware, Swapping Laws (AP) AP - Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger has signed separate legislation designed to combat spyware and the illegal online swapping of copyright material.
Kimberly-Clark Sets Cost-Cut Plan  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Kimberly-Clark Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=KMB.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;KMB.N&lt;/A&gt; said on  Monday it is targeting \$400 million to \$500 million in cost  savings over the next three years and still expects earnings  this quarter to meet its previous expectations.
Toshiba Unveils Clearer Flat-Panel TV (AP) AP - Toshiba Corp. has a new flat-panel TV that delivers clear imagery comparable to the old-style cathode-ray tubes by using similar beam-emitting technology.
C W in talks to sell Japanese operations (FT.com) FT.com - Cable and Wireless, the UK based telecommunications group, is in talks with Softbank and MKS Partners, a private equity group, about selling its Japanese operations, in a move that would represent a retreat from the market.
Red Hat picks up pieces of Netscape (InfoWorld) InfoWorld - Red Hat Inc. has gone scavenging among Netscape #39;s remains, agreeing Thursday to pay America Online Inc. (AOL) up to  #36;23 million in cash for the assets of Netscape Communications Corp. #39;s Security Solutions unit.
Sun upgrades J2SE platform (InfoWorld) InfoWorld - Application developers are getting a raft of new options this week with Sun updating J2SE, Borland upping its CORBA ante, and Compuware detailing products that will work with Microsoft's Visual Studio 2005 toolbox.
Russian Cabinet Approves Kyoto Protocol (AP) AP - Russia's Cabinet approved the Kyoto Protocol on global warming Thursday, clearing the way for the worldwide adoption of the pact  #151; despite U.S. opposition  #151; once the Russian parliament ratifies it as expected.
Acne-Like Rash Shows Cancer Drug Is Working (Reuters) Reuters - An acne-like rash is good news for colon\cancer patients because it shows that a targeted therapy for\the disease is working, Belgian scientists said on Thursday.
Kimberly-Clark Sets Cost-Cut Plan (Reuters) Reuters - Kimberly-Clark Corp.  said on\Monday it is targeting  #36;400 million to  #36;500 million in cost\savings over the next three years and still expects earnings\this quarter to meet its previous expectations.
U.N. Wants African Monitors in Darfur Camps (Reuters) Reuters - African monitors should deploy in\camps to help protect the almost 1.5 million people displaced\by the conflict in Darfur and should also monitor police to\help build trust with the local community, the United Nations\said on Wednesday.
Update 4: US Weighs Raising Nations #39; Debt Relief The Bush administration is exploring proposals to significantly expand debt relief to some of the world #39;s poorest countries, including forgiving all existing debt, Treasury Secretary John Snow said Thursday.
Fannie Mae Probe Under Consideration by Justice, Person Says The US Department of Justice is considering whether to conduct a criminal investigation into accounting fraud at Fannie Mae, the biggest US mortgage finance company, and has yet to 
Crude Oil Inventories Following Hurricane Ivan; Gas and Diesel &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Last week, in this space, we postulated that we would see a large rebound in crude oil imports and domestic production as the recovery from Hurricane Ivan occurred in earnest, leading to a substantial increase in crude oil inventories.
Merck to Withdraw Vioxx Because of Heart Risks (Update4) Merck  amp; Co. withdrew its Vioxx painkiller, which generated \$2.5 billion in sales last year, because of a link to heart attacks and strokes.
Nortel to cut fewer jobs, trim real estate space SEPTEMBER 30, 2004 (REUTERS) - Nortel Networks Corp. said today that its cost-cutting plan will save \$500 million in 2005, and even more in future years, as it cuts fewer jobs than forecast but plans to eliminate some of its real estate space.
Aon CEO Ryan retiring CHICAGO Insurance giant Aon Corporation is looking for a new chief executive officer to succeed Patrick Ryan, who is retiring. The 67-year-old Ryan intends to stay on as CEO until his successor is named and 
 #39;It flew like a dream #39; Test pilot makes successful foray into space on rocket ship. But there was some drama... THE spectators on the ground gasped as the rocket ship rolled at least 16 times in about 16 seconds.
Browser Wars, Part II? com. Back in the mid- #39;90s, they called it the Browser Wars: Netscape Navigator vs. Microsoft Internet Explorer. But that score was settled long ago, when America Online ironically bought 
Sharp Puts Its PC in the Living Room Sharp will make its first play for the living room PC space later this year with a machine that looks less like a computer and more like a consumer electronics product.
AT amp;T Wireless Goes to Market with Ogo AT amp;T Wireless says its new Ogo messaging device is meant to create an entirely new category of users.  quot;Ogo doesn #39;t pretend to be  #39;all things to all people, #39; and is not bogged down by hardly 
Red Hat acquiring LDAP server from AOL #39;s Netscape unit SEPTEMBER 30, 2004 (COMPUTERWORLD) - Linux vendor Red Hat Inc. is adding security and authentication tools from Netscape Security Solutions to its software arsenal through a deal with America Online Inc.
Mourinho Begs UEFA to Spare Porto Chelsea boss Jose Mourinho has faxed a letter to UEFA pleading with them not to punish his old club Porto after he was spat at by a visiting fan at Stamford Bridge.
Law: Rooney Can Take My Crown Manchester United legend Denis Law has tipped Wayne Rooney to obliterate his Old Trafford scoring records. Law was the ultimate United marksman and is still widely acclaimed as The King for his amazing goalscoring feats.
Inter win without Vieri INTER Milan coach Roberto Mancini saw his decision to leave out superstar striker Christian Vieri pay dividends this morning when his side eased past Anderlecht 3-1.
UPDATE 1-Domenech calls Zebina to France squad France coach Raymond Domenech called up Juventus defender Jonathan Zebina for the first time to his squad for next month #39;s World Cup Group Four qualifiers against Ireland and Cyprus.
San Francisco Giants Team Report - September 30 (Sports Network) - Jerome Williams will take the mound for the first time in two months tonight, as the playoff-hopeful San Francisco Giants conclude their three-game series with the San Diego Padres at Petco Park.
Mora lighting a fire with Falcons Jim Mora gathered his team for its first meeting in late March and built a fire. A lot of new coaches do that and six months later there are just embers.
Merck Pulls Arthritis Drug from Market Merck  amp; Co Inc. on Thursday pulled its arthritis drug Vioxx off the market because it increases the risk of heart attack and stroke, a move that sent the company #39;s 
IBM settles pension case IBM said Wednesday that it had agreed to pay \$320 million to current and former employees to settle in part a class-action lawsuit over its pension plan in a case that may affect millions of workers at many companies and nonprofit organizations.
Chicago business expands at faster clip CHICAGO (CBS.MW) - Business activity expanded in the Chicago region in September at a faster pace than in August, marking the 17th straight month of growth, the Chicago Purchasing Managers Index showed on Thursday.
Update 1: PepsiCo to Close Four Frito-Lay Plants PepsiCo Inc. will close four Frito-Lay factories by the end of the year, as it moves to streamline production, the company said Thursday.
Personal income rises The US Commerce Department said Thursday personal income posted its biggest increase in three months in August. The government agency also said personal spending was unchanged after rising strongly in July.
Digitizing the Bill of Rights (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - The Fourth Amendment to the U.S. Constitution prohibits the government from conducting "unreasonable searches" of our "persons, houses, papers, and effects" without a warrant.  The First Amendment, of course, protects our right to free speech.
Controversy Delays Net Song-Swap Bill in Senate (Reuters) Reuters - A measure that would make it easier\to sue online file-trading networks like Kazaa and Morpheus\failed to advance in the Senate on Thursday because lawmakers\said there was too much opposition.
The world welcomes the fastest computer ever to be made The supercomputer, Blue Gene/L, is faster than NEC Corp. #39;s Earth Simulator, which had been the world #39;s fastest with its ability to sustain speeds of 35.
Budget Windows Goes to India Microsoft has tailored its Windows XP Starter Edition for the Indian market, giving it a Hindi interface, as well as help and training resources in that language.
IBM says its supercomputer is world #39;s fastest New York  Reuters News Service, 30 September 2004 - IBM said yesterday that it has developed the world #39;s fastest computer, putting it back on top after a Japanese supercomputer claimed the title two years ago.
Reports: British GP dropped from provisional list for 2005 The British Grand Prix has been dropped from the provisional calendar of Formula One races for next year, media reports said Thursday.
Spat at, criticised, but Jose Mourinho has th last laugh AYEAR ago Porto were champions of Europe and Jose Mourinho was their hero. Their champion. This morning, many of those fans were at Stamford Bridge.
Rooney wins Law praise Ex-Manchester United striker Denis Law believes Wayne Rooney will shatter his goalscoring records at Old Trafford. Law holds the United scoring record for a season with 46 goals and also has a club-best 18 hat-tricks.
Nigerian rebels declare truce ISN SECURITY WATCH (30/09/04) - The worlds oil markets remained jittery this week after spot prices for crude reached historic highs, and the announcement of a truce between Nigerian rebels and government forces was not enough to convince traders 
Despairing for Darfur While there is growing attention to ongoing genocide in Darfur, this has not translated into either a meaningful international response or an accurate rendering of the scale and evident course of the catastrophe.
The first loan from the IMF for Iraq The International Monetary Fund announced that the council of governments, stakeholders in the Fund #39;s capital approved yesterday to provide an urgent aid for Iraq estimated at \$ 436 million and representing the first loan from the Fund for Baghdad.
Midwest business activity grows Business activity in the US Midwest expanded in September at a faster rate than expected, with employment growing in step with a jump in new orders, a report showed Thursday.
Initial jobless claims rose in the latest week The Commerce Department says personal spending was flat, while incomes surged four-tenths of one percent, marking the biggest increase in three months.
General Mills cereals to go whole grain Responding to a national push to make whole-grain consumption a public-health priority, General Mills Inc. announced it will make all of its Big G breakfast cereals with whole grain.
What would you want to see in Microsoft #39;s IE? What #39;s missing in Microsoft IE? Published: September 30, 2004, 4:00 AM PDT By Paul Festa Staff Writer, CNET News.com Print story E-mail story Your take.
Electronic Back-Seat Driver System to Be Tested Australian scientists have invented an electronic driver #39;s assistant system, similar to the back-seat driver who forever points out road signs and warns against speeding.
 #39;Sweet #39; memories could lure hostage back Rome - One of two Italian women released after three weeks captivity in Iraq said she was ready to go back to the war-wracked country to continue her aid work, and told of being given sweets by her kidnappers as a farewell gift.
Controversy Delays Net Song-Swap Bill in Senate  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A measure that would make it easier  to sue online file-trading networks like Kazaa and Morpheus  failed to advance in the Senate on Thursday because lawmakers  said there was too much opposition.
Merck Pulls Arthritis Drug from Market  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Merck   Co Inc. on Thursday pulled its  arthritis drug Vioxx off the market because it increases the  risk of heart attack and stroke, a move that sent the company's  shares plunging, erasing \$25 billion of its market value.
PepsiCo Profit Up, Cuts Jobs, Shares Rise  NEW YORK (Reuters) - PepsiCo Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=PEP.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;PEP.N&lt;/A&gt;, the world's No.  2 soft drink company, on Thursday said quarterly profit rose  due to tax benefits and strong performances from its key  Frito-Lay snack and North American beverage units.
Justice Dept Opens Fannie Probe - Source  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Justice Department is  investigating possible accounting fraud at Fannie Mae, the  mortgage finance company, a source close to the matter said on  Thursday.
Science pinpoints Earth's 'hum' Scientists believe they have tracked down the origin of a low-frequency "hum" that emanates from the Earth.
Kyoto 'won't hit' Russian economy Russian economic growth is unlikely to suffer because of government support for the Kyoto Protocol on climate change, a leading analyst says.
Bankers wait for extradition news Three UK bankers must wait until the middle of October to see if they will be extradited to the US over an Enron-related case.
Heikki, champion of champions! The Renault driver won the Race of Champions at the Stade de France last weekend against illustrious opposition!
India rejects foreign economists India's government drops foreign advisors from its top economic policy body after opposition from left-wing parties.
Briefly: Google tests Froogle in U.K. roundup Plus: Senate postpones vote on file-swapping bill...HP may expand Puerto Rican research...HP also uses Hitachi drives in servers, storage...Microsoft boosts reporting tools.
New Java looks to shake up desktop Sun releases Java 2 Standard Edition 5.0, intended to make Java programs run faster and take less time to build.
European supermarket chain extends RFID push Tesco will use the technology in more stores, focusing this time on tracking cases and pallets, rather than individual items.
Net firms: Don't tax Internet calling A century-old tariff should not be extended to Internet phone calls, the companies say.
Oracle, AMD and Sun to woo Asian developers Will invest \$30 million on bringing software developers in five Asian countries into their fold.
Sharp Puts Its PC in the Living Room New Windows-based computer doubles as a TV and a digital video recorder.
REVIEW: IPod Speaker System Get a Hearing By DAN DeLORENZO    NEW YORK (AP) -- Compact speakers for personal music players have been around since the original Walkman. Now that mini-hard drive music machines can hold your entire collection, the product category is back with a vengeance...
Search Upstart Launches New Web Site By MICHAEL LIEDTKE    SAN FRANCISCO (AP) -- Online search engine upstart Vivisimo Inc. is setting out to persuade the masses that Google Inc...
IBM to take \$320M charge for pension settlement After settling a portion of a 5-year-old lawsuit involving its pension plan, Armonk, NY-based IBM Corp. (NYSE: IBM) will take a \$320 million charge on its third-quarter earnings.
Update 1: Intermet Files for Chapter 11 Bankruptcy Auto-parts maker Intermet Corp. has filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy, blaming soaring prices for scrap steel and other raw materials.
Astronaut takes a tumble in space The world #39;s first private astronaut, South African-born Mike Melvill, was jubilant as he returned safely from a harrowing roller-coaster ride into space that stopped the hearts of onlookers.
Microsoft #39;s Starter Edition of XP will roll out to India and &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Microsoft #39;s Windows XP Starter Edition, which is aimed at desktop PCs in developing-world markets, is to be made available in India and Russia.
Earth #39;s a real hum-dinger - literally Scientists have long known that the Earth rings like a giant bell after large earthquakes - albeit a bell that no one could ever hear - due to slight deformations that leave the planet jiggling like a bowl of Jell-O.
Red Hat taps Netscape to broaden its landscape com September 30, 2004, 8:02 AM PT. This fourth priority #39;s main focus has been improving or obtaining CRM and ERP software for the past year and a half.
Report: Phishing fraud could reach \$500M More than three out of four (76 percent) consumers are experiencing an increase in spoofing and phishing incidents, and 35 percent receive fake e-mails at least once a week, according to a recent national study.
Canas, Novak advance; Nieminen loses Second-seeded Jiri Novak reached the Shanghai Open quarterfinals with a 6-4, 6-7 (5), 6-1 victory Thursday over Melle Van Gemerden.
UAE #39;s TEN Sports to Produce Australia-India Cricket Test Series TV &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The Board of Control for Cricket in India has granted the television production and distribution rights for Australia #39;s test series with India even as the Indian Supreme Court hears arguments over who owns the rights.
Race inquiry hits trouble The ZCU have refused to accept a ruling from the two-man International Cricket Council inquiry panel to bar three of their members from the courtroom while a group of former Test players, who made the allegations, gave evidence.
Sports marketing firm IMG bought Marketing firm Forstmann Little is set to buy giant sports and lifestyle management company IMG. The firm is being acquired from trusts set up by IMG founder, Mark McCormack, who died in May 2003, and from the family of IMG vice-chair Arthur Lafave.
Japanese storm #39;s fatal landslides THE death toll from a tropical storm buffeting Japan rose to 17 yesterday, including two men buried inside their homes by mud. Tropical storm Meari has cut a wide swath through Japan 
How Much Page Does Yahoo Search Index? How Much Page Does Yahoo Search Index?\\One of the lesser-discussed facets of Web searching is the spidering limits of search engines. Even if a search engine is a full-text engine, it may not search the entirety of a given page if it's too large. In Google's case the limit is ...
Vivisimo Launches New Clutsy Search Engine Vivisimo Launches New Clutsy Search Engine\\Vivisimo has launched a new search engine, Clusty. I'm going to get in a lot of trouble because I keep wanting to type "Crusty" instead of "Clusty" but let's continue anyway. You can get it at http://www.clusty.com ; as you might suspect it's in beta.\\Clusty ...
Columnists: Open Source Versus Closed Source Security In the age old battle between open source and closed source operating systems and applications, can either of them really be considered more secure than the other?
iMac G5:  #147;even more exquisite than last one #148;  #147;This latest head turner manages to better its clever predecessor in design  #151; no small achievement, #148; writes Edward C. Baig for Forbes.com.  #147;The back of the computer is elegant in its simplicity. You can loosen three captive screws to remove the cover to add, say, extra memory, or a wireless AirPort networking card. #148; Sep 30
NTT DoCoMo unveils Japan's first prototype micro fuel cell for 3G handsets (AFP) AFP - NTT DoCoMo, the top cellular phone operator in Japan, unveiled what it calls the nation's first prototype micro fuel cell aimed at boosting battery life for its powerful third-generation FOMA handsets.
Microsoft questions future participation at CeBIT trade fair (AFP) AFP - US software giant Microsoft is looking closely at whether it is worthwhile continuing to attend CeBIT, the world's biggest high-tech and computer trade fair, in future, the head of Microsoft Germany Juergen Gallman said.
Sudan's Beshir accuses US of backing Darfur rebels 'to the hilt' (AFP) AFP - Sudanese President Omar el-Beshir has accused the United States of backing rebels  quot;to the hilt quot; in the country's war-torn Darfur region and said the crisis there has been blown out of all proportion.
DaimlerChrysler appoints board member to head China operations (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - STUTTGART, Germany (AP) - DaimlerChrysler AG has named management board member Ruediger Grube to lead the German-U.S automaker's China operations, reflecting the increasing importance of the Chinese market, the company said.
Edwards: Religion Shouldn't Divide Voters (AP) AP - John Edwards says voters should know that religion is important to him and to presidential candidate John Kerry but the issue shouldn't be used to divide people in the election.
Arthritis drug removed for safety Drug company Merck has removed its painkiller Vioxx because of data showing an increased risk of heart attack and stroke.
Stocks Decline on Merck's Vioxx Woes NEW YORK - Investors sent stocks lower Thursday after Merck   Co. said it would be forced to remove its best-selling Vioxx arthritis drug from the market due to serious health risks...
24 Dead in Gaza Strip Fighting JEBALIYA REFUGEE CAMP, Gaza Strip - Israeli troops pushed deep into the largest Palestinian refugee camp Thursday, a first in four years of fighting, after a Palestinian rocket killed two preschoolers in an Israeli border town.    Twenty-one Palestinians and three Israelis - including a woman jogging in a Jewish settlement and two soldiers - were killed in the fighting in the northern Gaza Strip...
Stocks Shift Lower on Merck's Vioxx Woes NEW YORK - Investors sent stocks mostly lower Thursday after Merck   Co. said it would be forced to remove its best-selling Vioxx arthritis drug from the market due to serious health risks...
Microsoft FAT patent falls flat Patent office rejects one of four patents on File Allocation Table format for Windows, though Microsoft can appeal.\
August Chip Sales Growth Slows on High Inventory Global semiconductor sales growth slowed to 1 percent in August as electronics makers reacted to growing inventories in Asia by limiting orders of chips, an industry trade group said on Thursday.
UPDATE 1-Intermet files for Chapter 11, cites steel costs Auto parts maker Intermet Corp. (INMT.O: Quote, Profile, Research) said on Thursday it has filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy reorganization, citing a record rise 
Science pinpoints Earth #39;s  #39;hum #39; Scientists believe they have pinpointed the origin of a low frequency  quot;hum quot; that emanates from the Earth. The noise - which can be picked up in the two and seven mHz (millihertz) range - occurs far below the 
Apple To Expand European iTunes Presence  quot;We are well on pace to launch more EU stores. We will do it next month, quot; Eddie Cue, Apple #39;s vice president of applications, told music executives at the annual Popkomm conference in Germany.
Red Hat Takes Netscape Enterprise Red Hat kicked off its analyst day in New York today by announcing its was going to acquire parts of the Netscape Enterprise solution from AOL.
Woods to battle on Tiger Woods has vowed to play on despite being plagued by a sore back in his opening round of the WGC-Amex championship in Ireland.
Zimbabwe Cricket Hearing Over Racism Charges Collapses A hearing about charges of racism on Zimbabwe #39;s cricket team has collapsed only a day after it began. The International Cricket Council, which was conducting the hearing in Harare, adjourned the session Thursday 
Castroneves: Mixing up schedule a great move I #39;m excited about this. Really excited about this. In fact, I #39;m like a kid in a candy store. Before last week #39;s test at Homestead-Miami Speedway, I hadn #39;t raced on a road course in nearly three years.
Federer Leads Top Four Seeds Into Quarter-Finals  BANGKOK (Reuters) - World number one Roger Federer led the  top four seeds into the quarter-finals of the Thailand Open by  defeating Swiss compatriot Ivo Heuberger 6-1, 6-3 on Thursday.
Violence spikes in southern Afghanistan, 19 killed Guerrillas from the ousted Taliban regime killed at least 12 soldiers in Afghanistan #39;s south on Thursday in a sharp escalation of violence ahead of next month #39;s landmark presidential election.
Henin-Hardenne Confirms Filderstadt Withdrawal  BERLIN (Reuters) - Olympic champion Justine Henin-Hardenne  has withdrawn from next week's Porsche Tennis Grand Prix in  Filderstadt because of a mystery virus.
Captain Langer to Play in World Match Play  LONDON (Reuters) - Victorious European Ryder Cup captain  Bernhard Langer has accepted an invitation to play in next  month's World Match Play championship at Wentworth for the  biggest prize in golf.
IBM to pay \$320M to partially settle pension case IBM Corp. said Wednesday it will take a \$320 million charge this quarter to settle some claims and cap its liability on others in a long-running class-action dispute about changes made in the 1990s to its pension plan.
Sun upgrades J2SE platform Application developers are getting a raft of new options this week with Sun updating J2SE, Borland upping its CORBA ante, and Compuware detailing products that will work with Microsoft's Visual Studio 2005 toolbox.
Barghouti candidacy means out of Fatah Fatah chief Farouk Kaddoumi said the group #39;s leader in the West Bank, Marwan Barghouti, by deciding to seek the presidency of the Palestinian Authority.
US Stocks Off After Merck Recall,Oil Rise  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks were knocked lower on  Thursday after drug maker Merck   Co.&lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MRK.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;MRK.N&lt;/A&gt;, a member of the  blue-chip Dow, recalled its widely sold Vioxx arthritis drug  and oil resumed its climb to \$50 a barrel.
General Mills Shakes Up Cereal Too many of us are going whole hog, so General Mills is going whole grain.
A UN food fight THE UNITED NATIONS #39; oil-for-food program is widening into a full- fledged scandal: bribes, siphoned-off billions and a do-nothing job for the son of UN chief Kofi Annan.
Microsoft Appeals EU Ruling The company will fight the order to reveal its software code to rivals. Also: Startup wants Google to feel outdated   hellip;. Sony plasters Europe with Walkmans   hellip;. and more.
Red Hat to pay \$20 million for Netscape assets Linux reseller Red Hat said Thursday it was buying some Netscape assets from America Online for \$20.5 million in cash. The Raleigh-based company said it would acquire Netscape Directory Server and Netscape 
Microsoft Readies Business-Intelligence Charge Microsoft on Wednesday unveiled new and reworked business-intelligence tools that provide capabilities ranging from self-service report building for non-techs to mining information from data flows outside of a database.
UPDATE 1-Battling Woods in touch with Mount Juliet lead Tiger Woods battled through back pain to stay in touch with the lead as fellow American Todd Hamilton set the pace in the WGC-American Express Championship first round on Thursday.
Peterson will give Sooners running start Texas Tech and Oklahoma meet for the 12th time this Saturday, with the Red Raiders traveling to Norman to take on the No. 2 Sooners.
Porn net includes doctors, police For parents, the list of those arrested in Australia #39;s biggest child pornography bust makes sobering reading. Teachers, doctors, health workers, police officers and the owner of three Melbourne 
Conoco buys stake in Russian oil giant US oil giant ConocoPhillips has announced a \$US2.4billion (\$3.3billion) strategic alliance with Russia #39;s largest oil company, Lukoil, under which Conoco will buy a 7.6per cent stake in the Russian company and get a share of joint projects.
Consumer Spending Flat, Jobless Claims Up WASHINGTON Sept. 30, 2004 - Consumers were tightfisted with their money amid soaring gasoline costs in August and hurricane-related disruptions sent applications for jobless benefits to their highest level in seven months.
Tiger Woods #39; Agents Sold The sports and celebrity management firm which represents clients such as Tiger Woods and Elizabeth Hurley is to be sold to a buyout specialist, it emerged today.
Microsoft hypes BI, adds reporting tools for end users Microsoft unveiled plans Wednesday to integrate business intelligence reporting into the next version of SQL Server, placing new reporting tools in the hands of end users.
Silverstone dropped from 2005 Motorsport.com. There was bad news for the British Grand Prix on September 30th, as the 2005 provisional F1 calendar does not feature Silverstone.
CLEVELAND PITCHER SHOT IN CALF ON TOUR BUS A pitcher for the Cleveland Indians is recovering from a shooting after Wednesday nights game. Rookie Kyle Denney was struck in his calf.
What alZarqawi knows Its often been said in recent weeks that you cant negotiate with terrorists. Morally thats right: in the case of the Jordanian Abu Muab alZarqawi and his Tawhid  amp; Jihad interlopersgroup, the statement is also fact.
 #39;Pitcairn women treated as sex things #39; A woman allegedly raped during her childhood on the remote Pacific island of Pitcairn has said men were given free rein to treat young girls as sexual playthings.
Oil at \$50 Again, Nigeria Worries Persist  LONDON (Reuters) - High-flying oil climbed back over \$50 a  barrel on Thursday, with worries over the security of Nigerian  supply supporting prices despite a surprise build in U.S. crude  inventories.
SEC Charges Brokerage Raymond James  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Securities and Exchange  Commission on Thursday charged brokerage firm Raymond James  Financial Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=RJF.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;RJF.N&lt;/A&gt; with fraud over the misconduct of a  former broker in 1999 and 2000.
Polish airline may float in 2005 Lot, Poland's national airline, could float on the Polish stock market as early as next spring, the company has said.
Pfizer Reiterates Celebrex Safety Drug giant Pfizer Inc. reiterated Thursday that its arthritis drug Celebrex was safe to use after competitor Merck  amp; Co. pulled its arthritis drug Vioxx off the market worldwide after studies showed it raised the risk of heart attack.
IBM Settles Pension Suit IBM (Quote, Chart) has agreed to pay \$300 million to settle most of the claims in a class action lawsuit related to its pension plan, the company announced today.
SIA: Chip sales in-line with historic trends NEW YORK, September 30 (newratings.com) - Global semiconductor sales increased to \$18.2 billion in August this year, representing 34.
SEC Charges Brokerage Raymond James The US Securities and Exchange Commission on Thursday charged brokerage firm Raymond James Financial Inc. (RJF.N: Quote, Profile, Research) with fraud over the misconduct of a former broker in 1999 and 2000.
Picturesque site of prison is Martha #39;s kind of place It #39;s the kind of place she would feature on an episode of her TV show or in her magazine. Decorated hills overlook the old brick buildings and once-stately homes on Main Street.
Co. Recalls Air Conditioners/heat Pumps The Goodman Company is recalling about 875,000 Package Terminal Air Conditioner / Heat Pumps (PTAC) due to possible fire hazards, the Consumer Product Safety Commission said Thursday.
EC anti-competitive ruling challenged by Microsoft today The European Commission ruled in March that Microsoft had indulged in anti-competitive behaviour with Windows and set a fine of 333mn plus orders to produce a version of Windows without the Media Player within 90 days or face further action.
Nortel lowers layoff projections Telecommunications maker Nortel Networks (NYSE: NT) won #39;t have to lay off as many people as expected. The Canadian company announced Thursday that it plans to lay off 3,250 employees - about 250 less than 
MS EC appeal kicks off Microsoft has told the European Court of First Instance that it should not have to share information with its competitors, arguing that revealing its secret would harm it irreparably.
New EU industry chief warns against protectionism The European Union #39;s incoming industry chief warned Thursday against protectionist leanings of some European governments, as well as fears about new EU member states abusing their position.
Personalized stamps canceled Stamps.com said this week that the US Postal Service has refused to extend its customized photo-stamp service. The company will stop taking orders for the service Thursday night as per Postal Service directions, it said.
Microsoft starts pilot in Russia Microsoft will begin offering less expensive versions of its Windows operating system on personal computers sold in Russia and India as part of a broader pilot program to test how it can get a better foothold in developing markets.
AT amp;T, Vonage Cut Prices on Internet Calling AT amp;T Corp. (TN: Quote, Profile, Research) and Internet telephone provider Vonage said on Thursday they were cutting prices for their residential Internet calling services 
SANDISK Introduces High Performance Flash Memory Cards SanDisk Corporation (NASDAQ:SNDK) yesterday introduced the worlds fastest flash memory cards - the SanDisk Extreme III line of CompactFlash SD and Memory Stick PRO digital film cards.
Spacey  #39;sanguine #39; after mauling  quot;A stinker quot; - Daily Telegraph;  quot;underwhelming quot; - the Independent;  quot;brackish quot; - Michael Billington: Kevin Spacey was yesterday soaking up the critics #39; verdicts on his British directorial debut, Cloaca, which is also the first play of his reign as artistic 
WiMax could be next big leap in technology When Scott Richards is at his home in Portland, Ore., he taps into the Internet using a broadband connection from his office about five miles away.
Valencia scorer Vicente out with ankle sprain Valencia, Spain (Sports Network) - Valencia winger Vicente Rodriguez will be out for at least two weeks after spraining his ankle Wednesday.
35 children die in suicide attacks A group of Iraqi children had just run across to US troops for sweets at a neighbourhood celebration in Baghdad when the first of three bombs exploded, killing at least 35 youngsters.
Dozens Of Children Slain As Soldiers Hand Out Candy BAGHDAD, Iraq -- At least 37 people, most of them children, have been killed by multiple explosions that rocked a western Baghdad neighborhood celebrating the opening of a new sewage system.
SanDisk pushes faster, bigger flash cards Flash memory company SanDisk is offering a one-two punch with new CF, Memory Stick, and SD cards offering greater speed and capacity.
Ten Palestinians, Three Israelis Killed in Gaza Israeli troops pushed deep into the largest Palestinian refugee camp on Thursday, a first in four years of fighting, after a Palestinian rocket killed two preschoolers in an Israeli border town.
Greek hero Charisteas the man for the big occasion Greek international Angelos Charisteas seems to love playing football on the big stage, with his late strike for Werder Bremen securing a sensational 2-1 Champions League win over ten-man Valencia on Wednesday.
PepsiCo Up Whopping 35 Percent or 79 cents a share -- for the third quarter, up a whopping 35 percent from the \$1.01 billion -- or 58 cents -- earned in the year-ago period.
Fire risk prompts air conditioner recall The Consumer Product Safety Commission announced a recall Thursday of Amana, Trane and American Standard combination air conditioner/heat pumps that can overheat and catch fire.
AT amp;T Lowers Price of Residential VoIP Service Starting tomorrow, AT amp;T Corp. will sell its residential VoIP service for \$5 less than an earlier promotional offer as it prepares for the holiday sales season.
PM expected to approve further operations in Gaza Following consultation with senior security officials Thursday afternoon, Defense Minister Shaul Mofaz decided to widen the IDF #39;s operation in the northern Gaza Strip in response the increasing attacks generating from the area.
US Blue Chips Fall After Merck Recall  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The blue-chip Dow Jones average was  knocked lower on Thursday after drug maker Merck   Co.&lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MRK.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;MRK.N&lt;/A&gt;,  a member of the Dow, recalled its widely sold Vioxx painkiller  and oil prices hovered around \$50 a barrel.
PepsiCo Profit Up, Cuts Jobs, Shares Rise  NEW YORK (Reuters) - PepsiCo Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=PEP.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;PEP.N&lt;/A&gt;, the world's No.  2 soft drink company, on Thursday said quarterly profit rose  due to tax benefits and strong earnings at its key Frito-Lay  snack and North American beverage units.
General Mills Cereals All Going Whole Grain  NEW YORK (Reuters) - General Mills Inc. on Thursday said it  will begin using whole grains in all of its breakfast cereals,  including such well-known brands as Lucky Charms and Trix,  becoming the latest foodmaker to promote healthier eating.
Injured Woods Two Shots Back at Amex THOMASTOWN, Ireland - Tiger Woods looked as if he should have withdrawn with a bad back. He played as if he was capable of winning the American Express Championship for a third straight time...
Baghdad Bombings Kill 35 Children BAGHDAD, Iraq - A series of bombs killed 35 children and seven adults Thursday as U.S. troops handed out candy at a government ceremony to inaugurate a new sewage treatment plant...
US Midwest Economy Stronger Business activity in the US Midwest grew in September at a faster-than-expected rate, hinting that the economy is climbing out of its summer slow patch, a report showed on Thursday.
IBM develops world #39;s fastest supercomputer IBM has a new supercomputer which is currently world #39;s fastest. The new Blue Gene/L is capable to do 36.01 teraflops. The ex world #39;s fastest supercomputer, the Earth Simulator from NEC, is able to do 35.
SanDisk ups capacity on flash memory cards com September 30, 2004, 11:11 AM PT. SanDisk announced Thursday increased capacities for several different flash memory cards. The Sunnyvale, Calif.
Clijsters looking forward to new test in quarters After her first match in five months, former world No. 1 Kim Clijsters was reassured Thursday her left wrist could stand up to top competition again and set her sights on a new test 
Nortel Will Cut 3,250 Jobs, 250 Fewer Than Expected (Update6) Nortel Networks Corp., North America #39;s biggest maker of phone equipment, will pare 3,250 jobs, 250 fewer than it predicted last month, as it reduces other costs including real estate.
General Mills Cereals All Going Whole Grain General Mills Inc. on Thursday said it will begin using whole grains in all of its breakfast cereals, including such well-known brands as Lucky Charms and Trix, becoming 
Survey: Mortgage Rates Inch Up for Week Mortgage rates inched up this week, but remained well below the year-high levels set in the spring. Freddie Mac, in its weekly survey released Thursday, reported that rates on 30-year, fixed-rate mortgages 
Forstmann Little to buy Talent Agency IMG Buyout firm Forstmann Little  amp; Co. Thursday said it would buy International Management Group, a leading talent agency that represents major sports and entertainment stars.
AT T, Vonage Cut Prices on Internet Calling (Reuters) Reuters - AT T Corp.  and Internet telephone\provider Vonage said on Thursday they were cutting prices for\their residential Internet calling services by  #36;5 per month,\the strongest signs yet of a price war in the nascent market.
Red Hat Spending \$23 Million For Ex-Netscape Security Solutions &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Red Hat to incorporate Netscape Directory Server and Netscape Certificate Management System into products to help customers integrate desktops with a networkwide set of computing services.
Behind the scenes in the final days of the Montreal Expos MONTREAL (CP) - The long goodbye ended for Expos president Tony Tavares with news from a pair of reporters. It was the bottom of the ninth Tuesday night and Tavares had finally found a moment of respite in the club #39;s executive box.
Jones won #39;t be enough for Arkansas The Florida Gators and Arkansas Razorbacks meet for just the sixth time Saturday. The Gators hold a 4-1 advantage in the previous five meetings, including last year #39;s 33-28 win.
Extinction Looms Over Larger Species (AP) AP - Being the biggest dog may pay off at feeding time, but species that grow too large may be more vulnerable to extinction, new research suggests.
Mount St. Helens on Higher Eruption Alert (Reuters) Reuters - Mount St. Helens could erupt within\days, government scientists said on Wednesday, raising the\alert after movement in the volcano's lava crust was detected\following a week of small earthquakes.
The myth of the first 100 days and Susilo #39;s real challenges As he steps into the palace, Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono must address the unrealistic expectation that he should show substantial achievements within his first 100 days in office.
Nine killed, 10 injured in blast in northern India At least nine workers were killed and 10 others injured Thursday in an explosion believed to have been triggered by some explosive materials brought as scrap in a steel factory in Uttar Pradesh state in northern India.
U.S. to Issue Warnings of Gulf Red Tides (AP) AP - The government will begin issuing forecasts Friday of red tides  #151; harmful blooms of algae  #151; in the Gulf of Mexico.
What's wrong with the CBC Up until recently I have been a staunch supporter of the CBC, it's ideals, the reason for it's existence. However, recent events have made me question whether or not this once fine institution has fallen victim to the ruthless grasp of corperate greed in North America.
Breaking RSS Semantics \\Whats wrong with this picture?\\All these URLs return HTTP 200 0K.  The only problem is that none of them\actually exist and they're just HTML error pages.\
Italian government's public offer of ENEL shares to run October 18-22 (AFP) AFP - The Italian government's public offer of shares in electricity company ENEL will run from October 18-22, the economy and finance ministry said.
Merck Pulls Arthritis Drug from Market  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Merck   Co Inc. Thursday pulled its  arthritis drug Vioxx off the market because it increases the  risk of heart attack and stroke, a move that sent its shares  plunging, erasing \$25 billion of its market value.
SEC Charges Raymond James with Fraud  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Securities and Exchange  Commission on Thursday charged brokerage firm Raymond James  Financial Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=RJF.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;RJF.N&lt;/A&gt; with fraud over the misconduct of a  former broker in 1999 and 2000.
AT T, Vonage Cut Prices on Internet Calling  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - AT T Corp.  and Internet telephone  provider Vonage said on Thursday they were cutting prices for  their residential Internet calling services by \$5 per month,  the strongest signs yet of a price war in the nascent market.
Russian move on climate welcomed The EU and environmental groups hail the Russian cabinet's decision to back the Kyoto climate change treaty.
Privacy questions arise as RFID hits stores Companies brace for privacy debate as potentially intrusive applications arrive faster than expected.
Briefly: Cisco CEO's salary shoots up from \$1 roundup Plus: SanDisk ups capacity on flash memory cards...Google tests Froogle in U.K....Senate postpones vote on file-swapping bill...HP may expand Puerto Rican research.
Microsoft wins Smart Tags case A jury decides the Office technology doesn't impose on another software maker's patent.
Personalized stamps canceled U.S. Postal Service refuses to extend Stamps.com's PhotoStamps customized stamp service.
Tracking RFID--it's everywhere roundupThere's no question retailers love RFID. But will problems of privacy and unreliability prove to be too great?
Cisco's CEO gets a raise Company boosts John Chambers' base salary to \$350,000--up from a mere \$1. 
Lucent partners with Riverstone Lucent hopes Riverstone's Ethernet switches and routers will help it round out its product lineup.
The technologist who has Michael Powell's ear Robert Pepper is the FCC's chief of policy development--and that makes him a very influential man in Washington these days.
AT T slashes Net telephony rates In an attempt to spark growth in its Net phone offer, the company reduces rates and offers new customers a month free.
SanDisk ups capacity on flash memory cards Company quadruples the amount of storage on its Ultra II line of cards.
Users say Microsoft's Money is broke Glitches in the new edition of the personal finance software keep some folks from paying their bills.
Fuel cell's got the power for 3G handsets NTT DoCoMo unveils a prototype micro fuel cell that recharges mobile phones.
Mortgage rates push higher Mortgage rates edged up slightly this week, putting an end to a two-week decline, according to surveys conducted by mortgage buyer Freddie Mac and Bankrate.
Football 101: Option football One of the things that separates college football from the NFL is the diversity of offensive schemes that you see every week. The triple option is unique to college football and it will be showcased 
Car Bomb Kills 1 US Soldier near Abu Ghraib A car bomb killed one US soldier and two Iraqi police at a checkpoint near Abu Ghraib on Thursday morning. Separately, Iraqi police reported numerous injuries and some deaths in two 
Recording Industry Sues 762 for Net Music Swaps (Reuters) Reuters - A recording-industry trade group\said on Thursday it had filed a new round of lawsuits against\762 people it suspects of distributing its songs for free over\Internet "peer to peer" networks like Kazaa and eDonkey.
Equity groups eye NTL arm (FT.com) FT.com - Several private equity companies and a mobile phone operator, MMO2, have expressed interest in buying all or part of NTL's television and radio broadcasting business ahead of an October 11 deadline for first-round bids, according to people familiar with the deal.
Linksys Delivers Wi-Fi Gear (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - Networking specialist Linksys has rolled out a collection of new Wi-Fi\gear for home systems, featuring a line of dual-band 802.11a/g products,\and announced that the company has inked a deal with Verizon to provide\Internet calling equipment.
Freed Italian Hostage Feared Death (AP) AP - One of two Italian women freed from captivity in Iraq said Thursday they feared for their lives throughout their three-week abduction, despite receiving what they called "privileged" treatment from their captors.
UN rights chief says Sudan "failing" people of Darfur (AFP) AFP - The UN's top rights official accused Sudan of  quot;failing quot; the people of Darfur and called for an international police presence to curb continued attacks on civilians in the troubled region.
Aboriginals receive ancestors' remains from Sweden in formal ceremony (AFP) AFP - Sweden returned to Aboriginal elders the remains of 15 of their ancestors taken from Australia for scientific research a century ago.
Congress Abandons Highway, Welfare Bills (AP) AP - Lawmakers, fighting among themselves and with the White House, have given up trying to pass highway and welfare bills this year that held the promise of tens of thousands of jobs.
Ashcroft 'to defend' Patriot Act The US Attorney General says a court ruling attacking the Patriot Act as unconstitutional is likely to go to appeal. 
A Long Deadly Day in Gaza as Israeli Forces Push Into Camp Twenty-three Palestinians and three Israelis were killed as Israel's army struck back after a rocket attack.
Spain #39;s new king delivers a dream result SEVILLE: Carlos Moya #39;s career has been a rollercoaster journey of ups and downs, but converting the winning point for Spain to land the Davis Cup yesterday represented a high point about which he had long dreamed -- and obsessed.
Stocks Decline on Merck's Vioxx Woes NEW YORK - Investors sent stocks mostly lower Thursday after Merck   Co. said it would be forced to remove its best-selling Vioxx arthritis drug from the market due to serious health risks...
UPDATE 5-Lehman in talks to buy UK hedge fund-source US investment bank Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc. (LEH.N: Quote, Profile, Research) is in talks to buy leading British hedge fund 
Watson Plays Last Tourney Before Surgery (AP) AP - Tom Watson is tired of wincing every time he hits a golf ball. His right shoulder is aching and his left hip is ailing, so the five-time British Open champion will take a lengthy break from the game and have surgery after playing in the Constellation Energy Classic this weekend.
Del Piero ruled out for two weeks ROME, Italy -- Juventus striker Alessandro Del Piero has been ruled out for two weeks with an Achilles tendon injury. He will miss the Serie A match against Udinese this weekend, and is a major doubt for Italy #39;s 
Tennis: Leading seeds overcome difficulties to advance in Thailand &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; BANGKOK : The leading trio of seeds each had to overcome niggles to achieve victories but Roger Federer, Andy Roddick and Marat Safin all managed to reach the quarter-finals at the 550,000-dollar Thailand Open.
New Jersey Now Tries to Lure the Mets from NYC  NEW YORK (Reuters) - New Jersey, which tried for years but  failed to win the Yankees baseball team from New York City, now  has set its sights on the city's other baseball team, the Mets,  who play in Shea Stadium in Queens.
British GP dropped from provisional list The British Grand Prix has been dropped from the provisional calendar of Formula One races for next year, media reports said Thursday.
Browns Place Winslow on Injured List Rookie tight end Kellen Winslow Jr., out for the season with a broken right leg, was placed on the Cleveland Browns' crowded injured reserve list Thursday.
JPEG virus found circulating via IM program AOL Instant Messenger message directs victims to Web sites that host the dangerous images.
Sun to drive Mustang as future release of Java Fresh from introducing a major upgrade to the Java platform, Sun Microsystems officials on Thursday revealed some details of the next release of Java, code-named Mustang and expected in Spring 2006.
Lycos Europe Folds Anti-Spam Plan Just three days after launching the anti-spam initiative  quot;Make Love Not Spam quot; to worldwide publicity, Lycos Europe officially pulled the plug on the plan.
Merck Pulls Arthritis Drug Off Market  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Merck   Co Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MRK.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;MRK.N&lt;/A&gt; on Thursday  pulled its arthritis drug Vioxx off the market after a study  showed it doubled the risk of heart attack and stroke, a move  that sent its shares plunging and erased \$25 billion from its  market value.
Fannie Mae Target of Criminal Probe Federal prosecutors in Washington, DC, have opened an investigation into possible wrongdoing at mortgage giant Fannie Mae, just days after regulators accused the company 
Update 11: Microsoft Says It Wanted to Share Code Microsoft Corp. said in court Thursday that it had been prepared during settlement talks to share more software code with its rivals than the European Union ultimately demanded.
Oil at \$50 again as Nigeria worries persist High-flying oil climbed back over \$50 a barrel this evening, with worries over the security of Nigerian supply supporting prices despite a surprise build in US crude inventories.
Martha #39;s  quot;Cupcake quot; Assignment Looks like Martha Stewart #39;s time in the slammer will be something of a cakewalk. The homemaking maven, also known as inmate 55170-054, has been assigned to her third choice of prison, in Alderson 
Fresh Del Monte #39;s Bad Blip Shares of Motley Fool Hidden Gems selection Fresh Del Monte Produce (NYSE: FDP) are down 6 to \$25 after the company cut its full-year 2004 earnings forecast by almost 20.
SpaceShipOne crew confident The pilot and designer of a private rocket plane say they are confident it could return next week to the sky in a quest to claim a multimillion-dollar prize, despite a harrowing flight 
What Makes a Supercomputer Super? Computer giant IBM announced this week that it has developed the world #39;s fastest computer, putting it back on top after a Japanese supercomputer claimed the title some two years ago.
Red Hat Picks Up Pieces of Netscape Red Hat has gone scavenging among Netscape #39;s remains, agreeing to pay America Online up to \$23 million in cash for the assets of Netscape Communications #39; Security Solutions unit.
Study: Big Predators Don #39;t Last Long Apparently, the same things that makes large, toothy predators so good at hunting big game also make them more vulnerable to extinction - as is shown in a new study of a 
Building A Database Of Dot-Com Failures Future online entrepreneurs could log on to see business plans, marketing documents, and other documents from dot-coms launched in the  #39;90s.
PayPal Doubles Buyer Protection on eBay Online shoppers using PayPal to pay for goods on eBay (Quote, Chart) will now get up to \$1,000 of coverage for non-delivery of items, thanks to an expansion of the company #39;s buyer protection program.
Linksys goes dual-band on Wi-Fi With its eyes on the future of home entertainment and a relatively uncluttered band of radio spectrum, Cisco Systems Inc. #39;s Linksys division on Wednesday unveiled a line of IEEE 802.
762 song swappers sued A recording-industry trade group says it has filed a new round of lawsuits against 762 people it suspects of distributing its songs for free over Internet  quot;peer to peer quot; networks like Kazaa and eDonkey.
UPDATE 3-Battling Woods in touch with Mount Juliet lead Champion Tiger Woods battled through back pain to stay in touch with the lead as fellow American Todd Hamilton set the pace in the WGC-American Express Championship first round on Thursday.
Cricket-Zimbabwe race probe collapses HARARE (AFP) - A formal hearing into allegations of racism in Zimbabwe cricket, set up here by the International Cricket Council (ICC), collapsed in disarray when the Zimbabwe Cricket Union (ZCU) and the rebel players refused to budge on witness procedure 
Nerve-racking weekend ahead for Cup drivers That #39;s what the public relations folks at Talladega Superspeedway dubbed the next stop in NASCAR #39;s new playoff-style championship, and it would be hard to find many drivers who would argue with the label.
Go-Go Boots May Have Helped Pitcher Who Got Shot KANSAS CITY, Mo. -- The Indians front office wants to find out why one of its players got shot on the team bus Wednesday night in Kansas City.
Pats target NFL record this week versus the Bills As if playing a divisional opponent was not enough motivation for the New England Patriots this week, they will be shooting to tie the NFL record for most consecutive 
Pele: Brazilians should strike Brazilian legend Pele has suggested that footballers in his native country should go on strike in opposition to late payments and other issues.
Thursday #39;s developments in Iraq: Three bombs exploded at a Baghdad ceremony celebrating the opening of a new sewage system, killing 35 children and seven adults, officials said.
Freed Italian hostage says she and second woman feared death &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; One of two Italian women freed from captivity in Iraq said Thursday they feared for their lives throughout their three-week abduction, despite 
Rebel Leader Says Sudan Is Hiding Fighters Sudanese authorities have moved hundreds of pro-government fighters from the crisis-torn Darfur region to other parts of the country to keep them out of sight of foreign military observers demanding the militia #39;s disarmament, a rebel leader charged 
EU study upbeat on Turkish hopes, warns may take time Turkey #39;s EU entry should be good news if well managed, although Ankara may have to wait until  quot;well into the next decade quot; to join, according to a European Commission study seen by AFP Thursday.
Blue Chips End Down, Merck Recall Weighs  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The U.S. Dow Jones Industrial average  declined on Thursday after drug maker Merck   Co.&lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MRK.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;MRK.N&lt;/A&gt;  recalled its widely sold Vioxx painkiller and its stock sunk 27  percent.
Oil Ends Up as Nigeria Worries Persist  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Crude oil climbed back over \$50 a  barrel on Thursday, with worries over the security of Nigerian  supplies supporting prices despite a surprise increase in U.S.  crude inventories.
Nortel Cuts Fewer Jobs, Exits Real Estate  OTTAWA (Reuters) - Nortel Networks Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=NT.TO target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;NT.TO&lt;/A&gt; said on  Thursday it will eliminate almost 10 percent of its workforce,  slightly less than it previously expected, and vacate real  estate in a cost-cutting plan that will save \$500 million in  2005.
Pepsi Drinking in Diverse Revenues After Coca-Cola reduces earnings guidance, Pepsi raises its outlook and beats Q2 estimates.
Linksys goes dual-band on Wi-Fi (MacCentral) MacCentral - With its eyes on the future of home entertainment and a relatively uncluttered band of radio spectrum, Cisco Systems Inc.'s Linksys division on Wednesday unveiled a line of IEEE 802.11g/a wireless LAN products.
Red Hat Picks Up Pieces of Netscape (PC World) PC World - Linux maker acquires security, authentication tools from AOL.
Sun to drive Mustang as future release of Java (InfoWorld) InfoWorld - Fresh from introducing a major upgrade to the Java platform, Sun Microsystems officials on Thursday revealed some details of the next release of Java, code-named  #8220;Mustang #8221; and expected in Spring 2006.
Asian Elephants Threatened by Poachers, Western Zoos (Reuters) Reuters - Illegal poaching and demand from\Western zoos are fueling the extinction of the Asian elephant,\animal welfare groups said Thursday.
Nova Scotia backbencher to introduce bill to elect Senate replacements (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - HALIFAX (CP) - A Nova Scotia government backbencher is stepping forward to try to fulfil a promise made by Premier John Hamm to hold elections for Senate vacancies.
U.N.: Palestinian Economy Grew 4.5 Pct (AP) AP - Three of every four Palestinians live in poverty and their economy still depends on donors, despite 4.5 percent economic growth last year, the United Nations said on Wednesday.
28 Palestinians, 3 Israelis Die in Gaza Fighting  JABALYA, Gaza (Reuters) - Twenty-eight Palestinians and  three Israelis were killed on Thursday, Gaza's bloodiest day in  four years of conflict, as Israel's army struck back after a  rocket attack killed two Israeli children at a border town.
US, China Support N.Korea Talks After Cancellation  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The United States and China  reaffirmed their confidence on Thursday in six-party talks to  dismantle North Korea's suspected nuclear arsenal despite  Pyongyang's decision to cancel a negotiating round this month.
Terrorism and Security: a Daily Update Bush Administration seeks upbeat reports, will 'curtail' bad news. 
AT T, Vonage Cut Prices on Internet Calling  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - AT T Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=T.N qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;T.N&lt;/A&gt;  and Internet  telephone provider Vonage on Thursday said they were cutting  prices for their residential Internet calling services by \$5  per month, the strongest signs yet of a price war in the  nascent market.
Merck's Vioxx Woes Weigh on Stocks NEW YORK - Stocks were mixed Thursday after Merck   Co. said it would be forced to remove its best-selling Vioxx arthritis drug from the market due to serious health risks...
IBM to pay \$320M to partially settle pension case IBM Corp. said Wednesday it will take a US\$320 million charge this quarter to settle some claims and cap its liability on others in a long-running class-action dispute about changes made in the 1990s to its pension plan.
Microsoft Guards Its Protocols in European Court Microsoft argued in a Luxembourg court on Thursday that the European Competition Commission #39;s antitrust decision against it would infringe on its intellectual property and cause serious and irreparable harm to the company.
CME shares at new peak as earnings estimates rise Shares in Chicago Mercantile Exchange Holdings (CME.N: Quote, Profile, Research) , parent of the largest US futures exchange, reached the latest in a string of record highs on Thursday as earnings estimates continue to rise.
Tigers Romp Devil Rays 8-0 in Game 1 (AP) AP - Ivan Rodriguez hit his 250th career homer and Jeremy Bonderman threw a four-hitter to lead the Detroit Tigers past the Tampa Bay Devil Rays 8-0 in the opening game of a doubleheader Thursday.
Colts One of 10 Road Favorites This Week (AP) AP - The Jacksonville Jaguars managed to go 3-0 despite scoring only 35 points. With Indianapolis coming to town Sunday, the Jaguars might need 35 just to keep pace with Peyton Manning.
Fox, Traded by Lakers to Celtics, Retires (AP) AP - Rick Fox retired Thursday, ending a 13-year pro career during which he was part of three NBA championship teams with the Los Angeles Lakers.
Agent: Smith's Appeal to Be Heard Wed. (AP) AP - The NFL will hear Minnesota Vikings running back Onterrio Smith's appeal of a pending four-game suspension next week.
Nailon back with Hornets for camp Charlotte Bobcats: Primoz Brezec has signed a contract extension with the Bobcats, who selected him from the Pacers in the expansion draft.
QBs could decide things for Tigers, Vols Are you ready for some football? Allow me to tell you who is most assuredly ready: Tennessee coaches, players and fans are ready, and Auburn coaches, players and fans.
European judge probes Microsoft antitrust case Day one of a two-day hearing focuses on whether the software juggernaut should have to share information with rivals.
Italy #39;s  quot;two Simonas quot; feared being killed Two Italian women taken hostage in Iraq said the fear of being killed haunted their captivity despite kindness from their kidnappers who showed them respect because of their charity work.
Lack of Security Keeps Food From Haitians While desperately hungry flood victims wander the streets of Gonaives searching for help, tons of food aid is piling up in a warehouse guarded by UN peacekeepers.
Feds fund secure ID project Security company Digimarc gets \$1 million to push state drivers' licenses with "covert watermarks."
Image virus spreads via chat A note sent through AOL's popular instant-messaging software directs victims to Web sites that host the dangerous graphics.
Intel Rides a Faster Bus Upcoming Pentium 4 Extreme Edition chips will support a 1066-MHz front-side bus.
Nigerian rebels in talks down unless the government began talks on autonomy and revenue for the oil-producing Niger Delta region. Militia leader Mujahid Dokubo-Asari agreed to a truce on Wednesday to allow talks to proceed.
DaimlerChrysler Invests \$210 million in Mexican plant MEXICO CITY (Dow Jones/AP) -- DaimlerChrysler AG said Thursday it plans to spend \$210 million to update one of its assembly plants in the northern Mexican state of Coahuila.
Forstmann Little  amp; Co. to buy IMG (Sept. 30) -- Even if it won #39;t ever happen on the golf course, Tiger Woods and Vijay Singh are now teammates. Forstmann Little  amp; Co.
Lawmakers Ask SEC to Probe Military Fund Sales US lawmakers asked the Securities and Exchange Commission on Thursday to investigate recent disclosures of improper mutual fund sales practices on military bases.
Netflix, TiVo to Develop Joint Product (Reuters) Reuters - Online DVD rental service Netflix Inc.\and TiVo Inc., maker of a digital video recorder, on Thursday\said they have agreed to develop a joint entertainment\offering, driving shares of both companies higher.
Private craft rockets past edge of space MOJAVE, CALIF: Completing the first leg of a quest for a \$10 million prize, a test pilot took a privately financed plane past the cusp of space on Wednesday morning in a flight that had equal measures of white-knuckle moments and triumph.
VoIP Market Leaders Declare a Price War An announcement that AT amp;T would drop its prices for its VoIP CallVantage Service, its popular residential broadband phone service, from \$34.
Digimarc, government team on ID authentication Beaverton-based Digimarc Corp. and the federal government have entered into an ID authentication pilot project the company said is worth about \$1 million.
Koala #39;s put on pill to stem population Wildlife authorities in Australia plan to implant contraceptive hormones into 2,000 koala bears in an effort to keep the numbers down.
Cleveland Pitcher Denney Shot on Team Bus MINNEAPOLIS - Cleveland Indians pitcher Kyle Denney shrugged off being hit in the leg by a bullet, and said Thursday he was grateful he may have been protected by white cheerleaders boots he was wearing as part of a hazing ritual.
Del Piero injury blow Juventus striker Alessandro Del Piero has sustained an Achilles tendon injury that will rule him out for two weeks. The Italian international will miss the World Cup qualifiers against Slovenia and Belarus 
Weeping Woman Tells Court of Pitcairn Island  #39;Rapes #39; A woman wept as she described being raped as a young girl by a man who is now mayor of Pitcairn Island, as his sex abuse trial opened on this remote rocky outcrop populated by descendants of the 18th-century Bounty mutineers.
Other Comments (Forbes.com) Forbes.com - Governments react differently to acts of terror. President Bush took the war against terror on the offensive, to Afghanistan and Iraq. In Spain, the newly elected government chose to react to the Madrid train bombings with appeasement, withdrawing Spanish troops from Iraq. In Russia, President Vladimir Putin has reacted to the Beslan school massacre by taking yet another step in centralizing political power in the Kremlin. ...
Stocks Knocked Lower by Merck Drug Recall  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The blue-chip Dow Jones average fell  on Thursday after drug maker Merck   Co.&lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MRK.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;MRK.N&lt;/A&gt; withdrew its  widely used Vioxx painkiller after evidence showed the drug  could increase risk of heart attack and stroke.
Oil Ends Up as Nigeria Worries Persist  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Crude oil futures briefly climbed back  over \$50 a barrel on Thursday, with worries over the security  of Nigerian supplies supporting prices despite a surprise  increase in U.S. crude inventories.
Toyota Doubles Prius Hybrid Cars for U.S.  DETROIT (Reuters) - Toyota Motor Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=7203.T target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;7203.T&lt;/A&gt; said on  Thursday it will double the number of Prius hybrid-electric  cars that it sends to the U.S. market to 100,000 units annually  next year, making it the Japanese automaker's third  best-selling sedan.
Oil Prices Hit Tech Budgets, But Some Suffer Less  SAN FRANCISCO/TAIPEI (Reuters) - From Taiwan to Texas, the  specter of record-high oil prices has dampened expectations for  corporate technology spending, though some well-placed  companies such as low-cost computer maker Dell Inc. could be  spared, analysts said on Thursday.
Wal-Mart of the Gods A controversial project near a Mexican archeological site yields another snootful of bad P.R. for Wal-Mart.
Gold lifts TSX; Dow sinks with Merck The Toronto stock market posted a small gain today, pushed higher by the gold sector, but drug company Merck  amp; Co. took the Dow Jones industrial average into the red after taking its arthritis drug Vioxx off the market.
Nortel Lowers Job-Cut Estimates Nortel Networks Corp. on Thursday said it would cut fewer jobs than announced in August as part of the effort to improve its financial condition.
Wachovia names Carroll capital management chief Wachovia Corp. (WB.N: Quote, Profile, Research) , the fifth-largest US bank, on Thursday named David Carroll head of capital management, one of its biggest businesses, replacing Donald McMullen, who is retiring.
Automaker Invests US\$210 in Mexican Plant German-American auto maker DaimlerChrysler AG said Thursday it will invest US\$210 million (euro168 million) to update an assembly plant in the northern Mexican state of Coahuila.
PepsiCo Net Rises 35; Frito-Lay to Cut 780 Jobs (Update5) PepsiCo Inc., the world #39;s No. 2 soft- drink maker, said third-quarter earnings increased 35 percent, boosted by sales in Asia and lower taxes.
Family Spending Part of Its Dollar While it is true that many Americans have moved into the ranks of being considered millionaires, the lower-income portion of the country has been taking a worse beating than boxer Roy Jones Jr.
AT amp;T lowers price of VoIP phone service AT amp;T has lowered the price of its CallVantage telephone service to \$29.99 per month. It includes unlimited local and long distance calling within the US and Canada.
Birth control for koalas MELBOURNE, Australia - Koalas are considered in danger of extinction in parts of Australia, but in one southern state authorities plan to implant 2,000 of the furry marsupials with contraceptives to control their numbers.
Feds fund secure ID project com September 30, 2004, 12:52 PM PT. Most IT Managers won #39;t question the importance of security, but this priority has been sliding between the third and fourth most important focus for companies.
Sun's Schwartz guns for patent glories The software maker has filed a claim over its per-employee pricing plan, highlighting the tech industry's increasing focus on patents, News.com has learned.
Hornets bring back Nailon for training camp Former Hornets forward Lee Nailon will return to the team at least for training camp. Nailon and guard Junior Harrington both signed contracts with New Orleans on Thursday, bringing the Hornets #39; preseason roster to 19 players.
Blair to Have Heart Procedure, Will Serve 3rd Term  LONDON (Reuters) - British Prime Minister Tony Blair will  go into hospital Friday for a procedure to correct heart  palpitations but will be fully functioning and back at work  next week, his office said in a statement.
Company Recalls Vioxx Arthritis Drug The company that makes the drug, Merck, said the company recalled the drug voluntarily after it received new research results. The results showed people taking the drug for several years have an increased risk of heart attack and stroke.
Update 2: Crude Slips on Nigeria Worries Crude oil futures in New York gained Thursday for the ninth time in 10 days, but again failed to settle above \$50, as questions remained about the progress of truce talks in Nigeria and the recovery of production in the Gulf of Mexico.
Research in Motion revenues soar on BlackBerry popularity WATERLOO, ONTARIO - Research in Motion reported sharply higher quarterly profits and revenues Thursday as sales of its popular BlackBerry wireless e-mail device continue to soar.
Chip Stocks Rise on Industry Report Semiconductor companies moved higher in trading Thursday after an industry group said sales rose 1.1 percent to \$18.2 billion in August from the previous month, and that inventories are on the decline.
US Cereal Maker Says All its Brands Will be Whole Grain US cereal maker General Mills is planning to make all of its cereals with whole grains, in an effort to cater to more health-conscious breakfast eaters.
Postal Service asks Stamps.com to stop taking PhotoStamp orders SEPTEMBER 30, 2004 (COMPUTERWORLD) - The US Postal Service has asked Los Angeles-based Stamps.com Inc. to end a market test and stop taking orders for its PhotoStamps program, which allows customers to print 
Court Doctors Examine Pinochet for Trial  SANTIAGO, Chile (Reuters) - Three court-appointed doctors  examined Chile's former military dictator Augusto Pinochet on  Thursday, a key step that will decide whether the 88-year-old  general will stand trial for human rights abuses.
Argentina Leader Calls IMF Head 'Plantation Owner'  BUENOS AIRES, Argentina (Reuters) - Argentina's leftist  president called IMF head Rodrigo Rato an old-style "plantation  owner" for trying to force the South American country to  swallow free-market reforms as a condition for aid.
AT amp;T, Vonage slash Net telephony rates update A price war is brewing in the world of Internet telephone services, as providers try to win over consumers who now have a host of options when it comes to making calls.
Microsoft #39;s FAT Patent Rejected for Now In a heavy blow to Microsoft #39;s intellectual property rights, the US Patent and Trademark Office has initially rejected Microsoft #39;s patent claims on the universally popular FAT (file allocation table) file system.
A wounded Tiger stays in the game Tiger Woods pursed his lips and cursed under his breath as he stood over his first tee shot, feeling spasms in his back and knowing the sharp pain that was coming with each shot.
Talladega Superspeedway plays major roll in NASCAR history The nations largest superspeedway at 2.66 miles is the home of the first superspeedway event and first restrictor plate race in NASCARs bold, but controversial, Nextel Cup Chase for the Championship.
Court Doctors Examine Pinochet for Trial Three court-appointed doctors examined Chile #39;s former military dictator Augusto Pinochet on Thursday, a key step that will decide whether the 88-year-old general will stand trial for human rights abuses.
UK PM to undergo heart treatment Tony Blair is to be admitted to hospital on Friday  for a procedure to correct a heart problem.
Justice Dept Opens Fannie Probe - Source  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Justice Department is  investigating possible accounting fraud at Fannie Mae, bringing  greater government scrutiny to bear on the mortgage finance  company, already facing a parallel inquiry by the SEC, a source  close to the matter said on Thursday.
GM to Pay to Settle Pollution Violations  DETROIT (Reuters) - General Motors Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=GM.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;GM.N&lt;/A&gt; will pay  \$92,349 in civil fines to settle air pollution violations at a  Michigan plant, Michigan Attorney General Mike Cox said on  Thursday.
26 Palestinians Die, 131 Wounded in Gaza JEBALIYA REFUGEE CAMP, Gaza Strip - Israeli troops struck deep inside the largest Palestinian refugee camp Thursday, battling masked gunmen in an unprecedented campaign to stop deadly rocket fire on Israeli towns. Twenty-six Palestinians were killed and 131 wounded, the bloodiest single-day toll in fighting in 30 months...
Court Doctors Examine Pinochet for Trial &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; By Ignacio Badal&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; SANTIAGO, Chile (Reuters) - Three court-appointed doctorsexamined Chile's former military dictator Augusto Pinochet onThursday, a key step that will decide whether the 88-year-oldgeneral will stand trial for human rights abuses.&lt;/p&gt;
Research in Motion 2Q Profit Soars Research In Motion Ltd., which makes the BlackBerry handheld device and other mobile products, on Thursday said its second-quarter profit rose significantly on improved sales.
Automaker Invests \$210M in Mexico Plant German-American auto maker DaimlerChrysler AG said Thursday it will invest \$210 million to update an assembly plant in the northern Mexican state of Coahuila.
Fifth Windows XP  #39;Lite #39; Country is India Fast on the heels of its announcement that Russia would be the fourth of five countries in a pilot program of a low-cost, limited-functionality version of Windows XP, Microsoft named India as the fifth country.
Red Hat To Acquire Netscape Security Assets Red Hat CEO Matthew Szulik, in a statement the company issued, said the assets have  quot;tremendous longterm strategic value for the open source industry quot; and his company.
AT amp;T Lowers Price on Internet Calling Service AT amp;T Corp (TN: Quote, Profile, Research) on Thursday said it was lowering the price on its CallVantage Internet calling service by \$5 per month, matching the price from several other suppliers.
Controversy Delays Net Song-Swap Bill in Senate A measure that would make it easier to sue online file-trading networks like Kazaa and Morpheus failed to advance in the Senate on Thursday because lawmakers said there was too much opposition.
Microsoft patent is rejected, but company vows to fight back The US Patent and Trademark Office has preliminarily rejected a Microsoft Corp. patent on a system for recognizing computer files, a victory for  quot;open source quot; advocates who believe 
PS3 to use Blu-ray, PS2 gets new slimline look PLAYSTATION 3 will use the Blu-ray Disc format, while a new, slimmer PlayStation 2 will go on sale internationally early in November.
No awards for new director Spacey Oscar-winning film actor Kevin Spacey received some hostile reviews as he launched his first season at the helm of London #39;s famous Old Vic theater with  quot;Cloaca, quot; a play about four men in the throes of a mid-life crisis.
Roman empires to collide Chelsea #39;s 3-1 win against FC Porto was not owner Roman Abramovich #39;s only reason to smile after Champions League action on Wednesday.
Golf: Hamilton relishes joining golf #39;s elite KILKENNY, Ireland : British Open champion Todd Hamilton proved he deserved to be playing with the big boys when he shot a blistering six-under 66 in the first round of the seven million dollar WGC American Express Championship.
Shearer Hits three As Magpies Romp Home Newcastle United cruised into the Group Stage of the Uefa Cup with a resounding 5-1 victory over Hapoel Bnei Sachnin. A hat-trick for Alan Shearer and a brace for Patrick Kluivert ensured the Magpies won 7-1 on aggregate.
Zee looks on as BCCI, Govt fight it out at apex court NEW DELHI, SEPTEMBER 30: Chances of a judicial intervention before the start of the India-Australia cricket series receded today, as the Supreme Court remained engrossed in the legal debate on whether the BCCI should be treated as an authority of 
Shearer just the trick for Toon Alan Shearer and Patrick Kluivert teamed up to fire Newcastle into the group stage of the UEFA Cup with a striking master-class in Tel Aviv.
Hawkins blows save, Cubs fall behind in wild-card race The years of failure for the Cubs always seem to come with an indelible image that serves as a harsh reminder of what might have been.
It #39;s nothing but trouble #39; TALLADEGA - With Jeff Gordon coasting to victory, behind a pace car and ahead of Dale Earnhardt Jr., fans frustrated with a finish under caution littered Talladega Superspeedway with debris after the race in April.
34 children killed in attack BAGHDAD, SEPTEMBER 30: Insurgents detonated three car bombs near a US Military convoy in Baghdad on Thursday, killing 41 people, 34 of them children who were rushing to collect sweets from American troops.
Sudanese president accuses US of arming Darfur rebels Sudanese President Omar el-Bashir accused the United States of training and arming the rebels in the western Darfur region, Egypt #39;s Al-Ahram newspaper said Thursday.
Footage Shows 10 New Hostages in Iraq The Arab news network Al-Jazeera showed video Thursday of 10 new hostages seized in Iraq by militants. Al-Jazeera said the 10 -- six Iraqis, two Lebanese and two Indonesian 
China blasts US arms sales to Taiwan After a meeting with Secretary of State Colin Powell, China #39;s top diplomat accused the United States on Thursday of endangering peace in the Taiwan Straits by selling weapons to Taiwan.
General Mills to make all cereals whole grain MINNEAPOLIS - The Trix Rabbit and that Lucky Charms leprechaun are going on a whole-grain diet. General Mills announced on Thursday that it will convert all of its breakfast cereals to whole grain.
Web Sites Spoof Bush, Kerry With Parodies (AP) AP - If you're not ready to feverishly debate Iraq or the deficit in this bitterly divisive election year, you can always surf the Web, where politics is frequently nothing but a big joke.
Induce Act remains locked up in Committee Yesterday we reported that the Senate Judiciary Committee would be taking up the Induce Act once again. They did so this morning, and the bill failed to advance because of strong opposition from the technology 
Sandisk launches 8 GByte and high-speed CompactFlash cards Sandisk increased capacities and bandwidths of its CompactFlash product line. The cards are now available with up to eight GByte of space and twice the data transfer speed of the previous generation.
Netflix, TiVo to Develop Joint Product (Reuters) Reuters - Online DVD rental service Netflix Inc.\ and TiVo Inc., maker of a digital video\recorder, on Thursday said they have agreed to develop a joint\entertainment offering, driving shares of both companies\higher.
Nobel Scientists' 'Natural Selection' Takes Decades (Reuters) Reuters - Charles Darwin would have had to wait\decades for his own "natural selection" as a Nobel prize winner\and Stephen Hawking might never get one, if his physics\theories are not proved or widely accepted in his lifetime.
Going Private: The Promise and Danger of Space Travel (SPACE.com) SPACE.com - A flurry of space tourism milestones and announcements in recent days signals that human spaceflight is shifting from governments to the private sector, space experts say.
As X Prize Slips Away, Canadian Still Vows to Launch (SPACE.com) SPACE.com - The leader of a Canadian team preparing to launch a piloted rocket into suborbital space is committed to making the spaceflight, even as hopes to win an international private space race appear to be slipping away.
Dow Knocked Lower by Merck's Drug Recall  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Drug maker Merck   Co. Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MRK.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;MRK.N&lt;/A&gt;  dominated trading in U.S. stocks on Thursday, single-handedly  driving the 30-stock Dow Jones average lower after it withdrew  its arthritis drug Vioxx because a study showed it doubled the  risk of heart attack and stroke.
General Mills Cereals Going Whole Grain  NEW YORK (Reuters) - General Mills Inc. on Thursday said it  will begin using whole grains in all of its breakfast cereals,  including such well-known brands as Lucky Charms and Trix,  becoming the latest foodmaker to promote healthier eating.
Limit sweet deals for Fannie Mae Accounting scandals, first at Freddie Mac and now alleged at Fannie Mae, call into question the future of those government-sponsored but investor-owned companies that buy home mortgages from lenders.
The Community Around Martha Stewart #39;s Prison Description: Lifestyle maven Martha Stewart is preparing to serve time in the federal prison for women in Alderson, WV NPR #39;s Noah Adams speaks with Hillary and John Benish, proprietors of Alderson Hospitality House -- a hostel for prison visitors -- about 
UN envoy says war crimes likely in Darfur UNITED NATIONS : A UN envoy told the Security Council that widespread war crimes likely had taken place in Sudan #39;s troubled Darfur region.
Study: Consumers take cyberattacks lightly More than a third of those surveyed said they had a greater chance of being struck by lightning than of being hit by malicious code.
AT T, Vonage slash Net telephony rates The Internet phone service providers try to win over consumers who now have a host of options when it comes to making calls.
'Wardriving' conviction is first under Can-Spam Man pleads guilty to spamming people through unprotected hot spots, again raising concerns about risks of open-access Wi-Fi.
TiVo, Netflix sign development deal TiVo CEO Mike Ramsay resigns from his board position at Netflix to avoid conflicts of interest.
New FEMA intranet helps support hurricane victims The Federal Emergency Management Agency recently rolled out an Intranet that has helped it handle overflow processing for hurricane disaster relief.
Linksys goes dual-band on Wi-Fi A router and clients for both notebooks and desktops can provide Wi-Fi connectivity over either of two unlicensed radio bands.
EU judge to Microsoft: Justify penalty suspension A European Court judge today pressed Microsoft to explain how it would suffer irreparable harm if it follows EU orders to share technology with competitors, but offered no clues as to how he'll rule.
Brief: FedEx taps Opsware to automate global data center operations FedEx said today that it will use software from Opsware Inc. to help it make the most of its IT resources.
EU judge to Microsoft: Justify penalty suspension A European Court judge today pressed Microsoft to explain how it would suffer irreparable harm if it follows EU orders to share technology with competitors, but he offered no clues as to how he will rule.
IBM to pay \$320M to partially settle pension case IBM will take a \$320 million charge this quarter to settle some claims and cap its liability on others in a long-running class-action fight over changes made to its pension plan in the 1990s.
Postal Service asks Stamps.com to stop taking PhotoStamp orders The U.S. Postal Service wants Stamps.com to stop taking orders for its PhotoStamps program, which allows customers to print individualized photos on stamps, pending a review of the program.
Munich migrates to Linux despite EU debate Germany's third-largest city decided to equip 14,000 computers with Linux and other open-source office apps, despite concerns about patent infringements raised in the debate over new European Union patent laws.
Call center services on the horizon Two carriers plan hosted, IP-based services that provide automatic call distribution, interactive voice response, call control, monitoring and customer-history databases.
Red Hat acquiring LDAP server from AOL's Netscape unit Red Hat Inc. is adding Netscape Directory Server and Netscape Certificate Management System to its software arsenal through a \$25 million deal with America Online Inc.
Microsoft loses FAT patent, wins Smart Tag case Microsoft Corp. is fighting a rejection by U.S. patent authorities of a patent for its FAT (file allocation table) file system, the company said Thursday. Meanwhile, it's celebrating a jury decision clearing it of patent infringement charges related to a feature in its Office software.
FDA urging Vioxx users to consider other options Tampa, Florida - If you or someone you know is taking the arthritis drug, Vioxx, its been pulled from the market. The manufacturer, Merck  amp; Co.
IBM settles pension claims, other liability capped San Francisco, September 30: IBM on Wednesday said it will take a third-quarter charge of \$320 million to settle all but two claims of an ongoing lawsuit claiming its pension plan discriminated against older workers, in exchange for capping its potential 
RIM profits soar to \$70.6M (US) in Q2 WATERLOO, Ont. - Research In Motion, which has seen demand for its BlackBerry wireless e-mail devices soar this year, reported another strong quarter today with revenues more than doubling to \$310.
University, Samoa to share AIDS drug earns BERKELEY, Calif. -- The University of California at Berkeley and the government of Samoa have agreed to split profits from any AIDS drug researchers develop from a rainforest tree.
Pepsico profit up, cuts jobs, shares rise NEW YORK: PepsiCo Inc., the world #39;s No 2 soft drink company, said today quarterly profit rose due to tax benefits and strong earnings at its key Frito-Lay snack and North American beverage units.
Wachovia Names Capital Management Head Wachovia Corp., the fourth-largest US bank, on Thursday said its capital management chief will retire from the company and be replaced by the head of the group in charge of its integration with recently acquired SouthTrust Corp.
Forstmann announces deal for IMG Buyout firm Forstmann Little  amp; Co. has signed a definitive agreement to acquire Cleveland, Ohio-based IMG. IMG is being acquired from trusts established by the late Mark McCormack, who founded the company, and 
Want to travel on a private space jet? Pack nerves of steel. . - As soon as Monday, Burt Rutan could send his split-tailed space guppy past the envelope of blue sky for the second 
Revoking Microsoft #39;s FAT Patent Would Stir Innovation Opinion: In its initial rejection of Microsoft #39;s claims regarding the FAT file system, the US Patent and Trademark Office seems to be rediscovering a law barring  quot;obvious quot; patents.
AT amp;T to Offer Service at Circuit City Telecommunications giant AT amp;T Corp. said on Wednesday that it will offer its CallVantage Internet-based phone service at consumer electronics retailer Circuit City Stores Inc.
Climate change plus human pressure caused large mammal extinctions &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Berkeley - A University of California, Berkeley, paleobiologist and his colleagues warn that the future of the Earth #39;s mammals could be as dire as it was between 50,000 and 10,000 years ago, when a combination of climate change and human pressure resulted 
Apple readies European iTunes expansion, Switzerland store Apple says it will deliver its iTunes music service to more European countries next month. Corroborating several reports in recent months, Reuters is reporting today that Apple Computer is planning the next 
Users resist RFID hype Despite speakers at the EPCglobal US conference talking up the benefits of radio frequency identification, many US companies are still waiting to see a clear reason to adopt RFID technology.
Ecclestone slams Silverstone Bernie Ecclestone has launched a stinging attack on Silverstone #39;s owners after dumping the British Grand Prix from the Formula One calendar.
Williams has surgery on left knee, out for season Safety Shaun Williams of the New York Giants will be sidelined the rest of the season after surgery on his left knee on Thursday. Williams was hurt in practice last Friday, when he intercepted a pass and landed awkwardly.
China will target 800 missiles at us, says Taiwan TAIPEI - China is likely to have 800 ballistic missiles targeting Taiwan before the end of 2006, Taipei #39;s defence minister said yesterday as he pressed the case for an US\$18-billion (\$30.
Schrder Mulls Cancelling Afghan Trip German Chancellor Gerhard Schrder could cancel his trip to Afghanistan in early October if the violence there escalates, a government source said Thursday after a rocket attack on a German-run reconstruction team.
Court Doctors Examine Pinochet for Trial (Reuters) Reuters - Three court-appointed doctors\examined Chile's former military dictator Augusto Pinochet on\Thursday, a key step that will decide whether the 88-year-old\general will stand trial for human rights abuses.
Rangers need penalties to see off Maritimo (AFP) AFP - Rangers clinched a place in the lucrative group stages of the UEFA Cup with penalties deciding their first round match against CS Maritimo.
China wants Canada to hand over North Koreans who stormed embassy (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - BEIJING (CP) - China urged the Canadian Embassy on Thursday to hand over 44 possible North Korean asylum-seekers, while officials said nine North Koreans who entered a U.S. school in Shanghai had been handed over to Chinese police.
Nervous Democrats link Kerry's debate fortunes with their own (AFP) AFP - Anxious Democrats in Congress were counting on their presidential challenger John Kerry to stage a comeback in his debate against President George W. Bush, as they nervously prepare for a vote in November on their own future.
Secular drive challenges Spain's Catholic identity Socialists want to bolster Spain's church-state barrier.
Zambia refugees face food cuts Over 100,000 refugees in Zambia will have their food rations cut by half due to lack of money, the UN says.
Football: Rangers win on penalties Gregory Vignal's penalty sends Rangers into the Uefa Cup group stage after a nail-biting 120 minutes at Ibrox.
Netflix, TiVo to Develop Internet Movie Product  NEW YORK/LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - Online DVD rental service  Netflix Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=NFLX.O qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;NFLX.O&lt;/A&gt; and digital video recorder maker TiVo  Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=TIVO.O qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;TIVO.O&lt;/A&gt; on Thursday said they would jointly develop a  product to download movies over the Internet that could mark a  revolution in home entertainment.
Bush and Kerry Prepare to Meet in Their First Debate in Miami In the hours before tonight's debate, President Bush comforted Floridians, while John Kerry got some last-minute advice.
String of Baghdad Bombs Kills 35 Children BAGHDAD, Iraq - A string of bombs killed 35 children and wounded scores of others as U.S. troops handed out candy Thursday at a government-sponsored celebration to inaugurate a sewage plant...
Stocks End Mostly Lower on Vioxx Troubles NEW YORK - Wall Street closed out a dismal third quarter with a mixed performance Thursday after Merck   Co. said it would be forced to remove its best-selling Vioxx arthritis drug from the market...
House Defeats Gay Marriage Ban Amendment WASHINGTON - The Republican-controlled House emphatically defeated a constitutional amendment banning gay marriage Thursday, the latest in a string of conservative pet causes pushed to a vote by GOP leaders in the run-up to Election Day.    The vote was 227-186, far short of the two-thirds needed for approval on a measure that President Bush backed but the Senate had previously rejected...
Merck Pulls Vioxx If you use Vioxx to help ease the pain of arthritis, you better start shopping around for new drug. Merck, the maker of Vioxx is voluntarily pulling the popular drug off the shelves because new research finds an increased risk of heart attack and stroke.
Aids and a Samoan tree The University of California, Berkeley, has signed an agreement with the Samoan government to isolate, from a tree, the gene for a promising anti- Aids drug and to share any royalties from the sale of a gene-derived drug with the people of Samoa.
Financials Mostly Flat Despite Probes Shares of financial services stocks on Thursday generally shrugged off a Securities and Exchange Commission action against Raymond James Financial Services Inc.
Cubs Lose Another Heartbreaker to Reds (AP) AP - Javier Valentin doubled in the go-ahead run with two outs in the 12th inning and the Cincinnati Reds played spoiler again, sending the Chicago Cubs to a crushing 2-1 defeat Thursday.
Open source - The Salvation Army of software? Is open source becoming the dumping ground for no-longer-wanted software, sort of like a Salvation Army dropoff point for programs instead of old clothes?
AT amp;T, Vonage cut prices on Internet calling AT amp;T (T) and Internet telephone provider Vonage said Thursday they are cutting prices for their residential Internet calling services by \$5 a month, the strongest signs yet of a price war in the nascent market.
RFID #39;s Impact On Supply Chains Grows, Execs Say The impact radio-frequency identification has throughout an entire supply chain is top of mind for a number of companies experimenting with the technology.
Tiger plays through agony of back injury to show inner drive Tiger Woods produced one of the most remarkable rounds of his glittering career yesterday. A four-under-par 68 on the first day of the AmEx World Championship at Mount Juliet 
SportsNetwork Game Preview (Sports Network) - With losses in four of their last five games to non-playoff teams, the Chicago Cubs know they can #39;t falter over their final four games of the season, or they will miss the playoffs.
No baloney, Rooney #39;s the real deal WE SHOULD preserve in aspic this week in the Champions League. I have a suspicion that we will not see in our lifetime a debut quite as startling, quite as memorable as Wayne Rooney for Manchester United at Old Trafford.
Blackhawks #39; Ruutu needs surgery Chicago, IL (Sports Network) - Chicago Blackhawks forward Tuomo Ruutu will undergo surgery Friday to repair a subluxation of his left shoulder.
Rodman Thinks Nuggets Could Use Him (AP) AP - The point guard thought he was great. The general manager had no comment. Dennis Rodman himself? He thinks the Denver Nuggets could really use a guy like him.
Rebel Leader Meets with Nigerian Government to Stop Violence in &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The leader of a militia group from the southern oil-rich region of Nigeria says talks between government officials and rebels continued in Abuja late into the evening on Thursday.
2 Indonesians held in Iraq BAGHDAD - Two Indonesian women working for an electricity firm are among 10 new hostages reported seized by militants in Iraq. The Arab news network Al-Jazeera showed footage yesterday in which a group called 
Latham #39;s ace: free health care for the over-75s SYDNEY - Australia #39;s opposition leader Mark Latham may have dealt the killer blow against his rival John Howard in the run-up to next week #39;s federal election by offering free medical care to people aged above 75.
Rocket explodes at scrapyard, killing 10 GHAZIABAD: Thursday was just another working day for Santosh Khushwaha (22), a worker at Bhushan Steel #39;s plant in Sahibabad. Till about 3.20 pm.
Trip to Ireland Memorable for Some Golfers (AP) AP - Some players at the 84 Lumber Classic thought they were getting a perk unlike any other on the PGA Tour. They wound up with a flight they won't soon forget.
Washington, DC Plans \$410 Million Bonds for Stadium  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Washington, D.C., plans to sell \$410  million in tax-exempt and taxable bonds by the end of 2005 to  finance a stadium for professional baseball, city officials  said on Thursday.
Dunn Sets Strikeout Record Cincinnati Reds slugger Adam Dunn set the major league record for strikeouts in one season with 190, when he fanned in his first two at-bats Thursday against the Chicago Cubs.
Nortel plans to lay off 3,250 employees Nortel Networks Corp. will lay off approximately 1,400 employees in the U.S. and about 950 in Canada, with those employees to be notified by the end of June 2005, the network equipment vendor said in a regulatory filing Thursday that fleshed out earlier announcements of the coming layoffs.
Technology aims for cooler datacenters Syska Hennessy, an engineering, technology, and construction company, unveiled this week a unique design for cooling datacenters that would allow companies to pack almost double the number of servers into a datacenter space.
Justice Dept Opens Fannie Mae Probe  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Justice Department is  investigating possible accounting fraud at Fannie Mae, bringing  greater government scrutiny to bear on the mortgage finance  company, already facing a parallel inquiry by the SEC, a source  close to the matter said on Thursday.
SEC Charges Raymond James with Fraud  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. securities regulators on  Thursday charged brokerage Raymond James Financial Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=RJF.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;RJF.N&lt;/A&gt;  with fraud over misconduct by a former broker charged with  misappropriating about \$8.7 million in investor funds.
Agency Sues Lucent Over Pension Policy  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - A federal civil rights agency  sued Lucent Technologies Inc.&lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=LU.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;LU.N&lt;/A&gt; on Thursday, charging the  telecom equipment maker had discriminated in its pension policy  against women workers who took pregnancy leave.
China's thirst for oil gets into top gear The taste for oil is growing faster in China than anywhere else in the world, making it the second biggest importer after the US.
Progress on Eurostar strike talks Eurostar describes talks with the RMT union aimed at averting strike action as "very constructive".
Argentina Leader Calls IMF Head  #39;Plantation Owner #39; Argentina #39;s leftist president called IMF head Rodrigo Rato an old-style  quot;plantation owner quot; for trying to force the South American country to swallow free-market reforms as a condition for aid.
Oil prices head higher despite Nigeria peace talks LONDON, Sept 30 (AFP) - Oil prices resumed their march towards 50 dollars in New York on Thursday even as peace talks were set to resume in major producer Nigeria and following an unexpected rise in US crude inventories.
Mexico Expects to Double Auto Output in 10 Years (Update1) Mexico expects to double automobile capacity in 10 years, attracting investment of as much as \$10 billion from foreign automakers, Economy Minister Fernando Canales said in an interview.
No progress in Sun-Times labor talks Negotiations to avoid a strike by union journalists at the Chicago Sun-Times are heading into overtime. With the tabloids labor agreement set to expire tomorrow, labor and management appear no closer to a deal than they were Sept.
Wachovia exec McMullen retires Wachovia Corp. said Thursday that Don McMullen Jr., head of its capital management unit, is retiring at year-end. He will be replaced by David Carroll, 47, who has led the company #39;s merger integrations and corporate marketing.
DoCoMo unveils prototype micro fuel cell for 3G handsets TOKYO - NTT DoCoMo on Thursday unveiled what it calls the nation #39;s first prototype micro fuel cell aimed at boosting battery life for its powerful third-generation FOMA handsets.
British Grand Prix to be Dropped from Formula One Next Year News reports from Britain say the British Grand Prix race will be dropped from next year #39;s Formula One calendar, because of a financial dispute between race organizers and Formula One chief Bernie Eccelstone.
Soccer: Big Names Through to UEFA Cup Group Stage Most of the big names advanced safely to the inaugural group stage of the UEFA Cup after a frantic night #39;s action Thursday, though Parma, Real Zaragoza and particularly Rangers, cut it fine.
Avery Johnson returning to Mavs Dallas, TX (Sports Network) - The Dallas Mavericks signed free agent Avery Johnson on Thursday, bringing the guard back to the team for which he played during parts of 2002 and 2003.
Favorites dominate in advancing in UEFA Cup Mike Hanke scored three second-half goals and led Schalke 04 into the inaugural group stage of the UEFA Cup Thursday with a 4-0 beating of Latvia #39;s Liepajas Metalurgs.
Arsenal #39;s dilemma proves costly TRONDHEIM (Norway) - To attack or not to attack, that is the question Arsenal have yet to figure out in the Champions League. And it cost the Premiership kings two points against Norwegian champions Rosenborg 
AT amp;T Cuts Internet Phone Service Prices AT amp;T Corp. is trimming the price of its new Internet-based telephone service for the second time in six months, prompting a top rival to follow suit.
Senate Panel Delays Induce Act Vote Again WASHINGTON -- For the third time in three weeks, the US Senate Judiciary Committee decided to take no action on the controversial Induce Act aimed at illegal file swapping on peer-to-peer (define) networks.
DVD Forum approves HD-DVD RW standard The DVD Forum has approved the physical disc specifications for the rewritable version of HD-DVDs (High Definition/High Density-DVDs), taking the format an important step nearer to mass production.
Vic koalas to go on the pill Victorian environment officers are about to embark on an ambitious campaign, implanting contraceptives in 2,000 koalas. The new koala management strategy is designed to protect the koalas and their environment.
Passengers safe after plane bomb scare A plane load of British-bound passengers diverted to Amsterdam after a bomb scare was back in the UK. British Airways flight 983 from Berlin #39;s Tegel Airport was due to arrive at London #39;s Heathrow Airport at 
Buyer's Remorse? (Forbes.com) Forbes.com - The early take on Oracle's tender offer for PeopleSoft was that it was insincere. Oracle boss Lawrence Ellison just wanted to sabotage PeopleSoft's relations with customers. So said various pundits when the takeover was announced a year ago.
French Foreign Ministry official rushed to Amman amid hope for hostage release (AFP) AFP - France has sent a senior foreign ministry official to the Jordanian capital Amman as part of efforts to secure the release of two French hostages in Iraq, the ministry announced.
Gaza Hospital Is Overwhelmed With Wounded (AP) AP - Frantic doctors tended to patients on a blood-smeared hospital floor and operated on cafeteria tables, as medics rushed in with more wounded and mangled bodies.
Campbell sets Oct. 28 byelection date for vacant Surrey riding (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - VICTORIA (CP) - The B.C. government will hold its first byelection since being elected in 2001 on Oct. 28.
Anti-Gay Marriage Amendment Fails in House (Reuters) Reuters - The U.S. House of Representatives\failed on Thursday to muster the two-thirds majority needed to\pass a proposed constitutional amendment backed by President\Bush to ban gay marriage.
Judge to Weigh Removing Media Player from Windows  LUXEMBOURG (Reuters) - A European Union judge will weigh on  Friday whether Microsoft should be forced to remove its music  and video player from its Windows operating software, in a  second day of hearings at the EU's second-highest court.
Chances of New U.S.-EU Aircraft Pact Dwindling -EU  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The United States and the European  Union are unlikely to reach agreement on a new civil aircraft  pact, a European Union official said on Thursday, increasing  chances the two sides could fight out the issue at the World  Trade Organization.
Tensions erupt in Haitian capital Shots are fired at a protest in Haiti's capital Port-au-Prince as looting impedes the relief effort flood hit Gonaives.
Russia jails killers of African Russia's first race hate murder trial ends in long jail terms for three men who killed an African medical student.
HSBC Group Chairman to Retire David Eldon will retire next year as chairman of the Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corp. Ltd. and the Hang Seng Bank, HSBC Group said Monday.
Research In Motion 2Q Profit Soars Research In Motion Ltd., which makes the BlackBerry handheld device and other mobile products, on Thursday said its second-quarter profit rose significantly on improved sales.
Blair to Have Medical Procedure on Heart LONDON - British Prime Minister Tony Blair said he will undergo a medical procedure Friday to correct an irregular heartbeat, a surprise announcement linked to treatment he had a year ago.    Blair also used the opportunity to end months of speculation about his leadership future by announcing that he intends to serve a full third term if his party is re-elected in national elections expected next year...
Judge to Weigh Removing Media Player from Windows A European Union judge will weigh on Friday whether Microsoft should be forced to remove its music and video player from its Windows operating software 
Red Hat to Buy Netscape Server Programs Red Hat Inc. announced Thursday that it has entered into a definitive asset purchase agreement with America Online Inc. to acquire its Netscape Security Solutions software assets.
762 More sued by the RIAA A recording-industry trade group said Thursday it had filed a new round of lawsuits against 762 people it suspects of distributing its songs for free over Internet  quot;peer to peer quot; networks like Kazaa and eDonkey.
Salesforce.com Tackles Outsourcing On Demand SAN FRANCISCO -- Salesforce.com (Quote, Chart) CEO Marc Benioff is hoping to do to call centers and help desks what he has accomplished in the CRM space.
Apple Announces Expansion of Euro iTunes An Apple executive has told Reuters that the company will expand its European iTunes Music Store next month. Apple Vice President Eddie Cue told the news service that Apple plans to cover 
Writethru: Blair to go hospital for heart procedure British Prime Minister Tony Blair said Thursday night he will go into hospital Friday and stay overnight for a procedure to correct irregular heartbeats.
Dozens of children among 44 killed by Baghdad bombings Dozens of children were killed yesterday when three car bombs exploded in a coordinated attack in Baghdad that left 44 people dead and more than 200 injured.
Pinochet Undergoes Psychiatric Tests Former Chilean dictator Augusto Pinochet has undergone psychiatric tests to determine if he is fit to stand trial for alleged human rights abuses during his 17-year rule.
Australian Police Charge 191 in Child Pornography Crackdown Australian police have charged almost 200 people -- including child care workers, doctors and teachers - - in the nation #39;s largest crackdown on child pornography.
South Carolina's 'Pops' Goes Late Night (AP) AP - Sounds like David Letterman is as big a "Pops" fan as most everyone else.
Soccer: Big Names Through to UEFA Cup Group Stage  LONDON (Reuters) - Most of the big names advanced safely to  the inaugural group stage of the UEFA Cup after a frantic  night's action Thursday, though Parma, Real Zaragoza and  particularly Rangers, cut it fine.
Athletics Hold Ichiro in Check, Move Back Into First Ichiro Suzuki went home without the major league hits record, thanks to Oakland's determined pitching staff -- and a much bigger hit by Bobby Crosby.
Cubs Lose Another Heartbreaker to Reds Javier Valentin doubled in the go-ahead run with two outs in the 12th inning and the Cincinnati Reds played spoiler again.
Ailing Woods Lurks in Ireland A 4-under 68 left Tiger Woods two shots behind British Open champion Todd Hamilton after one painful round in the American Express Championship.
Microsoft set to release MSN Messenger 7.0 beta A select group of testers next week will get an early look at MSN Messenger 7.0, the next version of Microsoft Corp.'s popular instant messaging client.
Dell to sell new ServGate appliances BOSTON - Security appliance maker ServGate Technologies Inc. next week will announce a new line of products through Dell Inc.'s Web site, providing hardware with integrated antivirus, spam filtering and other security features for small businesses.
Justice Dept Opens Fannie Mae Probe (Reuters) Reuters - The Justice Department is\investigating possible accounting fraud at Fannie Mae, bringing\greater government scrutiny to bear on the mortgage finance\company, already facing a parallel inquiry by the SEC, a source\close to the matter said on Thursday.
Nigerian Oil Delta Talks to Resume Friday  ABUJA (Reuters) - Talks between a rebel warlord and the  Nigerian president aimed at preventing an explosion of violence  in the oil-producing Niger Delta will resume Friday, an  organizer said.
Baseball: After 34 years, baseball returns to Washington Forget the mayhem in Iraq, the presidential elections, even last night #39;s candidates #39; debate. A banner headline yesterday in The Washington Post proclaimed the only news in 
Thailand on warpath against bird flu BANGKOK - Millions of volunteers led by emergency teams fanned out across Thailand yesterday in a new drive to fight bird flu after Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra gave officials 30 days to eradicate the epidemic.
iMac G5: Most Elegant Desktop Ever  #147;I am writing these words on the most elegant desktop computer I #146;ve ever used, #148; writes Walt Mossberg about the iMac G5 in the Wall Street Journal,  #147;a computer that is not only uncommonly beautiful but fast and powerful, virus-free and surprisingly affordable. This machine takes up no more space on a desk than a flat-panel monitor. In fact, the entire computer is contained behind a flat-panel screen in a space just 2 inches thick  #151; thinner than most flat-panel monitors alone. #148; Sep 23
Navistar Up 2.7 Percent in Pre-Trade (Reuters) Reuters - Shares of Navistar International Corp.\ rose 2.7 percent before the bell on Monday after the\commercial truck maker said it expects higher fourth-quarter\earnings and revenue.
US Requests More Debt Relief for Poor Nations The United States is calling on international lending institutions to reform their ways of operating so that they can give more aid to poor nations.
IMG sold for 400m IMG Group, the agency behind Tiger Woods, Liz Hurley, James Brown and Michael Schumacher, is being sold to a New York investment house for an estimated 400m.
StorageTek #39;s Storability Buy Marks Second Industry Acquisition &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; For the second time this week, a storage hardware vendor has acquired a storage software vendor. On Thursday, officials of Louisville, Colo.
Microsoft #39;s FAT Patent Rejected The US Patent Trademark Office has rejected all claims to patents for a Windows file format held by Microsoft. Under a reexamination process initiated earlier this year by the recently formed Public Patent 
Sun pushes OpenOffice standard Sun Microsystems is backing European Union efforts to standardize office document formats, including a proposal that would enable people to switch easily between Microsoft-based documents and those created with open-source software.
Phishers hook US consumers US consumers and businesses have lost an estimated \$US500 million (\$688 million) to the internet scam known as  quot;phishing quot;, with seven out of 10 lured to fake websites, according to a survey.
Fuel cell #39;s got the power for 3G handsets Japanese mobile network operator NTT DoCoMo announced on Thursday that it has developed a prototype micro fuel cell that will recharge a third-generation mobile phone.
Chelsea and CSKA win, ousted coach Ranieri loses PARIS: Chelsea beat Porto, Barcelona blew away Shakhtar Donetsk and AC Milan struck twice in the last two minutes to sink Celtic but Russian billionaire Roman Abramovich was the biggest winner of them all.
Lazio Complete Formality A good Lazio side had no difficulty in administrating the second leg of the Uefa Cup first round in order to qualify to the next stage.
Scouting Report On South Carolina The most important thing to remember when looking at the strengths and weaknesses of South Carolina as opposed to the strengths and weaknesses of Alabama is that nothing South Carolina Coach Lou Holtz can be believed.
Car Bombings Kill 50, Leave 145 Hurt In Iraq Baghdad, Sept. 30 (NNN): At least 50 people, including 35 children, were killed and 145 others injured in a series of car bombings in Iraq on Thursday, reports reaching here said.
Over 150 people arrested in child pornography crackdown MARK COLVIN: Teachers, doctors, police and childcare workers are the people we trust with our children. But members of those professions are among more than 150 people arrested in the biggest child pornography crackdown that Australia has ever seen.
Chances Dwindling for US-EU Aircraft Pact  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The United States and the European  Union are unlikely to reach a new civil aircraft pact covering  Boeing Co. and Airbus, an EU official said on Thursday,  boosting the chances the two sides will take their subsidy  countercharges to the World Trade Organization.
AT amp;T cuts Internet phone service prices AT amp;T Corp. is trimming the price of its new Internet-based telephone service for the second time in six months, prompting a top rival to follow suit.
StorageTek Scoops Up Storability for ILM Portfolio Storage Technology Corp. (StorageTek) acquired Storability Inc. on Thursday for an undisclosed sum in an attempt to boost the storage management and monitoring software delivery capabilities of its ILM (information lifecycle management) portfolio.
Gartner: Four Out Of Five Linux PCs End Up Running Although Linux backers boast of a growing market share on the desktop, especially in booming regions like Eastern Europe, Latin America, and Asia-Pacific, those numbers are hugely inflated, a research firm said Thursday, because most of the PCs actually 
Shearer and Kluivert help themselves Graeme Souness #39;s honeymoon period as Newcastle manager continued in the Middle East last night, Alan Shearer helping himself to a hat-trick and Patrick Kluivert scoring twice as 
Stewart #39;s vision betrayed by Government apathy  quot;A bitter blow, quot; decreed Sir Jackie Stewart on the news that the circuit which hosted the first Formula One grand prix on May 13, 1950, had been dropped.
Ex-Steeler dies in fiery wreck after police chase Herkimer, NY (Sports Network) - Former Pittsburgh Steelers offensive lineman Justin Strzelczyk was killed in a collision with a tanker truck after leading police on a highway chase for 40 miles in upstate New York Thursday morning.
Drug withdrawal gives Merck palpitations By Rosie Murray-West, City Correspondent (Filed: 01/10/2004). US pharmaceutical giant Merck lost about a quarter of its value yesterday after it pulled arthritis drug Vioxx owing to concerns over heart attacks as a side-effect.
Research In Motion beats estimates But shares fall in after-hours trading even though the company reports a sharply higher 2Q profit. TORONTO (Reuters) - Research In Motion Ltd.
Sports management giant IMG sold to investment company IMG, the sports and celebrity management group that represents such star names as Tiger Woods, Michael Schumacher and Elizabeth Hurley has been sold, it announced.
SIA: Supply Chain Saved Chip Sales Faced with mountains of inventory, quick thinking by some semiconductor manufacturers helped the market avoid its first decrease in chip sales since the war in Iraq began.
Mars consolidates advertising with Omnicom LONDON Mars, the candy and food company that owns brands like Milky Way and Starburst, said Thursday that it was consolidating much of its global advertising account with units of Omnicom Group, dealing a blow to Grey Global Group and its soon-to-be parent 
Computer sets world speed record AN IBM machine has reclaimed the title of world #39;s fastest supercomputer, overtaking a Japanese model which caused shock waves within United States government agencies when it set a computing speed record in 2002.
Theater: An unfortunate debut for Spacey LONDON  quot;Cloaca, quot; apparently, is the Latin word for  quot;sewer, quot; which might seem a strange image with which to launch a new theatrical regime.
FOOTBALL: WAYNE WILL NAB RECORD SAYS DENIS MANCHESTER UNITED legend Denis Law last night tipped Wayne Rooney to break all his Old Trafford scoring records. Law was the ultimate United marksman and is still widely acclaimed as  #39;The King #39; for his amazing goalscoring feats.
35 children killed in Baghdad blasts BAGHDAD In one of the most horrific attacks here since the fall of Saddam Hussein, a pair of car bombs tore through a street celebration Thursday at the opening of a government-built sewer plant, killing 41 Iraqi civilians, at least 34 of them children 
UN Seeks to Speed Arrival of Peacekeepers in Haiti The United Nations says it is trying to speed up the arrival of peacekeeping troops in Haiti to help with emergency relief in the wake of Tropical Storm Jeanne, which wreaked havoc in the Caribbean nation earlier this month.
Scientists Protest Kennewick Man Bill (AP) AP - Scientists hoping to study the ancient skeleton known as Kennewick Man are protesting a bill by Colorado Sen. Ben Nighthorse Campbell that they say could block their efforts.
U.S. Launches Assault on Rebel-Held Iraqi Town  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - U.S. forces have launched a major  offensive on the rebel stronghold of Samarra after a series of  horrific car bombings in Baghdad on Thursday that killed 41  people, mostly children.
UN Rights Officials Talks of War Crimes in Darfur  UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - U.N. envoys told the Security  Council on Thursday that war crimes had probably occurred on "a  large and systematic scale" in Sudan's Darfur region and called  for foreign police to help stop abuses.
Navy Probes New Iraq Photos An online photo album showing Navy SEALS with Iraqi prisoners prompts an investigation. A military prosecutor says they're simply evidence of juvenile behavior, but they may violate the Geneva Convention, which prohibits souvenir photos of prisoners of war.
US launches Samarra offensive US and Iraqi forces begin a major operation against rebels in Iraq's northern city of Samarra, reports say.
Labour Party retains Hartlepool Labour wins the Hartlepool by-election with a reduced majority, as the Conservatives are beaten into fourth place.
Questions About Drug Safety System Emerge After Arthritis Drug &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The Food and Drug Administration insists that until pharmaceutical giant Merck presented new information this week, there was not enough evidence to pull the arthritis drug Vioxx off the market.
Scientists wrapping up salvage job on Genesis spacecraft that &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Three weeks after the Genesis space capsule slammed into the Utah desert after its parachutes failed to deploy, NASA scientists remain hopeful they can salvage the mission and reveal clues about the origin of the solar system.
Three share lead at Southern Farm Bureau Classic Madison, MS (Sports Network) - Harrison Frazar shot a seven-under-par 65 on Thursday to share the lead with Glen Day and John Senden after the opening round of the Southern Farm Bureau Classic at Annandale Golf Club.
Royals pitcher to see back specialist Kansas City Royals: Left-hander Jimmy Gobble was scratched from his start against the White Sox after an MRI revealed a problem in his lower back.
Magical day for Meehan It was a day to seek refuge on the Rowley Mile here yesterday, not only from the showers but also from the results. There was a 22-1 winner in the first race of the Cambridgeshire meeting, and the 11-1 chance Nights Cross took the second.
Routine operation but more evidence of heart trouble Tony Blair will undergo a catheter ablation operation which will correct his heart #39;s abnormal rhythm - a condition the Prime Minister has suffered from in the past.
Rebels Turned Away From Haitian City GONAIVES, Haiti Sept. 30, 2004 - Rebel fighters tried to deliver food aid and organize their own security patrols in Gonaives, but were turned away by UN peacekeepers who said their weapons weren #39;t welcome 
400 illegal immigrants land on Italian island ROME About 400 illegal immigrants landed on the Italian island of Lampedusa overnight, officials said Thursday, the latest in a wave of landings that has angered the government.
Ichiro Moves Within One Hit of Record as A's Win  OAKLAND, California (Reuters) - Seattle's Ichiro Suzuki  could only manage a lone hit in five at-bats to draw within one  of the single season record of 257 as the Oakland A's picked up  a vital 3-2 win over the Mariners Thursday.
Who's Recycling Techno Trash? No current figures exist for how much e-junk is recycled, but industry experts believe it's a sliver of the total. People don't know where to take their used electronics, and toxic components are a mounting problem.
Schwarzenegger Vetoes Sports Diet Supplement Bill  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - After signing a law that bars the  sale of performance-enhancing supplements to minors, California  Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger vetoed a separate measure on  Thursday that would bar schools from accepting sponsorships  from firms that make the dietary supplements.
The Cuban Biotech Revolution Embargo or not, Fidel Castro's socialist paradise has quietly become a pharmaceutical powerhouse. (They're still working on the capitalism thing.) By Douglas Starr from Wired magazine.
Cell-Tower Emission Risks Probed After nearly a decade of debate, no one can say for sure whether radiation from cell phones is harmful to humans or not. So researchers are conducting a series of independent studies to try to settle the matter. By Joanna Glasner.
Pitcher Shot in Leg Rookie Kyle Denney was hit in the calf by a shot that came through the side of the Indians' bus Wednesday as the team traveled to the airport after a victory over the Royals.
Study: Musicians Dig the Net A new study finds that artists and musicians love the internet, using it to promote themselves and their work. But they are divided on whether illegal file sharing helps or hurts them. By Katie Dean.
Several Explosions Reported in Spain At least four explosive devices detonated Monday around Spain after telephone warnings from callers claiming to speak on behalf of the armed Basque separatist group ETA, news report said.
U.N. Web Site Viewers Strongly Prefer English (Reuters) Reuters - The vast majority of visitors to\the U.N. Web site look at English-language pages, and\relatively few call up Arabic, Chinese, French, Russian or\Spanish pages, the United Nations said on Thursday.
Netflix, TiVo Team Up on Broadband Movie Delivery (PC World) PC World - Stream movies to your PC or download them to your TiVo by 2005.
Sun upgrades J2SE platform (InfoWorld) InfoWorld - Application developers got several new options last week as Sun Microsystems updated J2SE, Borland upped its CORBA ante, and Compuware announced products that will work with Microsoft #8217;s Visual Studio 2005 toolbox.
Blogs May Be a Wealth Hazard If you've got a blog and a job, beware. The two sometimes don't go together, as many ex-workers are finding out. By Rachel Metz.
Scientists Wrap Up Genesis Salvage Work (AP) AP - Three weeks after the Genesis space capsule slammed into the Utah desert after its parachutes failed to deploy, NASA scientists remain hopeful they can salvage the mission and reveal clues about the origin of the solar system.
Pilot, Designer of Rocket Plane Confident (AP) AP - The pilot and designer of a private rocket plane say they are confident it could return to the sky next week in a quest to claim a multimillion-dollar prize, despite a harrowing flight in which the spacecraft rolled dramatically while hurtling toward the edge of the atmosphere.
Feds Ply Waters Off Ga., Seek Lost H-Bomb (AP) AP - Experts dragged sensors from boats and divers scooped soil from the ocean bottom Thursday, looking for radioactive clues to the location of a hydrogen bomb lost off the Georgia coast in 1958.
Tokyo Stocks Jump After BOJ Tankan  TOKYO (Reuters) - Tokyo's Nikkei average rose 1.47 percent  by mid-morning on Friday with broad range of stocks getting a  lift thanks to a higher-than-expected key figure in the Bank of  Japan's latest corporate sentiment survey.
Yen Rises on Corporate Sentiment Poll  TOKYO (Reuters) - The yen rose on Friday after a closely  watched Bank of Japan (BOJ) survey showed further improvement  in Japanese business sentiment.
Netflix, TiVo to Develop Internet Movie Product  NEW YORK/LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - Online DVD rental service  Netflix Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=NFLX.O qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;NFLX.O&lt;/A&gt; and digital video recorder maker TiVo  Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=TIVO.O qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;TIVO.O&lt;/A&gt; on Thursday said they would jointly develop a  product to download movies over the Internet, a deal uniting  two of the fastest growing brands in home entertainment.
Oil Markets to Overshadow China G7 Debut  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Soaring oil prices may again hijack  Friday's gathering of finance chiefs from the world's top  economic powers, though a U.S. drive to pressure  China over  currency policy was gathering steam on Thursday.
Sun pushes OpenOffice standard Sun backs an EU standards push for interoperability between office software. Microsoft says it's already there.
Spyware on My Machine? So What? There's a reason why so many PCs are infected with spyware and adware: Users seem to have stopped caring about having online privacy. Many are saying spyware is a small price to pay for free applications. By Michelle Delio.
Poor hurt by aid conditions Privatisation and trade liberalisation policies foisted on developing countries in return for financial help are often bad for the poor, according to a confidential government paper.
Microsoft fights EU Windows curbs Microsoft was close to a deal with the European Commission earlier this year which would have revealed more of its secrets than it has now been ordered to hand over, a court was told yesterday.
McCormack #39;s sports empire sold for 390m IMG, the sports and celebrity management group that lists Wimbledon champion Maria Sharapova and golfer Tiger Woods among its clients, was yesterday sold for \$700m (390m).
Chelsea outplays champs The Blues defeated FC Porto 3-1 at Stamford Bridge, while CSKA Moscow, the club sponsored by the Russian billionaire, won 2-0 at home to Paris Saint Germain.
Woods breaks through pain DEFENDING champion Tiger Woods won a remarkable battle with pain by posting a four-under-par 68 in the first round of the American Express World Championship at Mount Juliet in County Kilkenny yesterday.
Shearer leads way as big guns book group stage places MOST of the big names, including the Alan Shearer-inspired Newcastle United, progressed safely to the new group stage of the UEFA Cup after a frantic nights action last night, although Parma and Real Zaragoza cut it fine.
Millwall, Ferencvaros fans clash BUDAPEST -- One man was stabbed in violence before the UEFA Cup tie between Hungarian champions Ferencvaros and English side Millwall on Thursday.
UN force in Congo gets a boost Britain, France and the US have agreed to a 5,900 increase in the strength of the UN force in the Democratic Republic of Congo, fewer than half the reinforcements requested by the secretary general, Kofi Annan.
TiVo, Netflix sign movies-on-demand deal And Mike Ramsay, TiVo's CEO, resigns from his board position at Netflix to avoid conflicts of interest.
Dell green-lights photo printers PC maker expanding printer business with new photo printers. Digital cameras also a possibility.
Sun upgrades J2SE platform Application developers got several new options last week as Sun Microsystems updated J2SE, Borland upped its CORBA ante, and Compuware announced products that will work with Microsofts Visual Studio 2005 toolbox.
Netflix, TiVo Team Up on Broadband Movie Delivery Stream movies to your PC or download them to your TiVo by 2005.
Dell to Sell More Security-Proofed Business Hardware New ServGate hardware, starting at less than \$1000, has integrated antivirus, spam filtering, and other security features.
400 Darfur refugees dying every day THE first detailed medical study of survivors of the Sudanese genocide suggests the death toll has been seriously underestimated and concludes the massive attacks in the Darfur region amount to a demographic catastrophe.
Netflix, TiVo team up on broadband movies to the home (MacCentral) MacCentral - Netflix Inc. and TiVo Inc. have signed an agreement to let TiVo subscribers access Netflix's library of movies over broadband Internet connections, the two companies announced Thursday.
Iraq Bombings Kill 35 Youths, Hurt Scores (AP) AP - A string of bombs killed 35 children and wounded scores of others as U.S. troops handed out candy Thursday at a government-sponsored celebration to inaugurate a sewage plant. It was the largest death toll of children in any insurgent attack since the start of the Iraq conflict.
Britain's Blair Faces Heart Op But Vows to Lead On  LONDON (Reuters) - British Prime Minister Tony Blair said  he would go into hospital on Friday to correct recurrent heart  palpitations, but he vowed to serve a full third term in office  if he wins an election expected next year.
Blair to Have 'Routine' Heart Treatment LONDON - British Prime Minister Tony Blair said he will undergo a medical procedure Friday to correct an irregular heartbeat, calling it a routine treatment that won't prevent him from seeking another term in office.    The 51-year-old prime minister said the procedure will involve local anesthetic and will not affect his job...
Courtney Love Sued by LA Travel Agency SANTA MONICA, Calif. - Rocker Courtney Love was sued Thursday by a travel agency that claims she ordered nearly \$50,000 in airline tickets but refused to pay...
Ichiro Nears Hit Record in Mariners' Loss OAKLAND, Calif. - Ichiro Suzuki went home without the major league hits record, thanks to Oakland's determined pitching staff - and a much bigger hit by Bobby Crosby...
China signs US #36;2.1B worth of contracts for 23 Airbus jets, German goods (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - BEIJING (AP) - China signed contracts Monday worth nearly  #36;2.1 billion US to buy 23 Airbus jetliners and other German industrial goods.
Chiefs' Hall Sits Out With Painful Lip (AP) AP - Dante Hall, Kansas City's All-Pro kick returner, could only stand on the sideline at practice on Thursday, icing his painfully infected lower lip.
Minaya Named Power Source for the Mets Fred Wilpon, the Mets' owner, on Thursday insisted that Omar Minaya would have 'full autonomy' as the team's new general manager and president of baseball operations.
Ichiro a Hit Away From the Single-Season Record With a hard single to right field Thursday against the Athletics, the Mariners' Ichiro Suzuki posted his 256th hit of this season.
Collins Firmly Strides Into a Starting Role Without Any Misstep Quarterback Kerry Collins, who helped lead the Giants to the Super Bowl four years ago, came off the bench to lead the Oakland Raiders to a victory Sunday.
India Cricket Bd:Sony TV To Televise Matches Vs Australia NEW DELHI (Dow Jones)--India #39;s cricket board late Thursday said Sony Entertainment Television Ltd. will telecast four home matches against world champion Australia starting next week.
Rattay expects to play Sunday for 49ers Quarterback Tim Rattay expects to return to the San Francisco 49ers #39; starting lineup Sunday after a two-week absence. Rattay separated his throwing shoulder during San Francisco #39;s season opener Sept.
Collins Firmly Strides Into a Starting Role Without Any Misstep It happens frequently in the NFL The starting quarterback gets hurt, and the backup has to take that nervous jog to the huddle and bark instructions, trying to 
Chiefs #39; Hall Sits Out With Painful Lip _ Dante Hall, Kansas City #39;s All-Pro kick returner, could only stand on the sideline at practice on Thursday, icing his painfully infected lower lip.
Truce between rebels, Nigerian government, appears to be holding A tentative truce between rebels and government troops in Nigeria #39;s oil-rich south appeared to be holding Thursday as the two sides held a second round of talks in the capital, officials said.
Yen Rises on Corporate Sentiment Poll  TOKYO (Reuters) - The yen rose on Friday after the Bank of  Japan's closely watched "tankan" survey showed further  improvement in Japanese business sentiment.
Arthritis Drug Is Withdrawn by Its Maker Merck said that it would stop selling Vioxx, because a study found that it doubled patients' risk of heart attack and strokes.
A Vast Arms Buildup, Yet Not Enough for Wars The United States will spend more than \$500 billion on security this year, a high-water mark that is creating boom times in the armaments industry.
Senden, Frazar and Day share lead after first round at SFB Classic John Senden closed his 7-under 65 with his second eagle of the round and shared the lead with Harrison Frazar and Glen Day after the first round of the Southern Farm Bureau Classic on Thursday.
Senden soars into Mississippi lead Australian golfer John Senden holds a share of the lead after the first round of the PGA Tour event in Mississippi. Senden began and ended the back nine with eagles on his way to a 7-under- par 65.
Netflix, TiVo Make Deal Official (AP) AP - Netflix Inc. and TiVo Inc. made official Thursday their deal to create a service that will use high-speed Internet connections to pipe DVD-quality movies into the homes of their mutual subscribers.
Open Source Needs an Arbitration Board (Ziff Davis) Ziff Davis - Opinion: The ongoing intellectual property fight between Furthermore and Miro shows the need to address possible IP conflicts before they become public or courtroom battles.
Sweden Returns Smuggled Australian Aborigine Bones (Reuters) Reuters - Sweden handed over to a group of\Australian aborigines on Thursday the remains of about 20 of\their ancestors smuggled out of Australia almost 90 years ago\by a Swedish zoologist who pretended they were kangaroo bones.
China wants answers on oil-for-food CHINA today called for a swift resolution to the Iraqi oil-for-food scandal, saying it wanted to see an independent and objective investigation.
China signs contract for Airbus jets China signed contracts Monday worth nearly \$2.1 billion to buy 23 Airbus jetliners and other German industrial goods. The \$1.3 billion Airbus deal calls for a state company that 
U.S., Iraqi Forces Take Key Samarra Buildings (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. and Iraqi troops took control\of government and police buildings in Samarra early on Friday\after insurgents had undermined security in the Iraqi city, the\U.S. military said.
Rebel Chief: Sudan Hides Gov't Fighters (AP) AP - Sudanese authorities have moved hundreds of pro-government fighters from the crisis-torn Darfur region to other parts of the country to keep them out of sight of foreign military observers demanding the militia's disarmament, a rebel leader charged Thursday.
Pro-Aristide March Turns Violent in Haiti (AP) AP - Gunfire erupted as Haitians calling for the return of ousted President Jean-Bertrand Aristide marched near the presidential palace on Thursday, killing at least three police officers as hundreds scattered to safety in side streets.
France Seeks Larger U.N. Force in Congo (AP) AP - France introduced a Security Council resolution Thursday that would increase the U.N. force in Congo by 5,900 troops, less than half the amount requested by U.N. Secretary-General Kofi Annan.
150 Arrested for Child Porn in Australia (AP) AP - Police arrested more than 150 people and seized computers holding more than 2 million images of child pornography in Australia's biggest crackdown yet on child porn, police said Thursday.
Cheney, Edwards to Meet in Ohio Debate (AP) AP - Vice President Dick Cheney and Sen. John Edwards, the vice presidential candidate, will meet Tuesday at Case Western Reserve University in Cleveland for their only debate before the Nov. 2 election.
U.S., Iraqi Forces Take Key Samarra Buildings  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. and Iraqi troops took control  of government and police buildings in Samarra early on Friday  after insurgents had undermined security in the Iraqi city, the  U.S. military said.
2 Car Bombings in Iraq Kill 41, Many Children The bombs called forth a scene of dying children and grieving parents, some of them holding up blood-soaked clothes.
Asia ; New Violence Hits S.Thailand After  #39;Peace Bombing #39; In another incident, two gunmen shot dead a former prosecutor in Pattani province on Sunday, police said. The bird campaign, launched by Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra weeks ahead of a general election, caught 
Courtney Love Sued by LA Travel Agency SANTA MONICA, Calif. - Rocker Courtney Love was sued Thursday by a travel agency that claims she ordered nearly \$50,000 in airline tickets, but wouldn't pay...
Iraq Bombings Kill 35 Youths, Hurt Scores BAGHDAD, Iraq - A string of bombs killed 35 children and wounded scores of others as U.S. troops handed out candy Thursday at a government-sponsored celebration to inaugurate a sewage plant...
Microsoft to Argue EU Antitrust Order Damages Its Trademarks Microsoft Corp., the world #39;s largest software maker, will tell a European Union judge the EU #39;s antitrust ruling forcing the company to offer a version of Windows without a video and music 
Japan firms sentiment at 13-year high Japans most closely watched business sentiment barometer rose to its highest in 13 years in September but the outlook for the coming months dimmed, underscoring concern that the economic recovery is losing steam.
Yankees Clinch 7th Straight AL East Title (AP) AP - Bernie Williams hit a two-run homer in the ninth inning and the New York Yankees clinched their seventh straight AL East title, beating the Minnesota Twins 6-4 Thursday night for their 100th victory of the season.
Orioles Cruise Past Blue Jays 9-3 (AP) AP - Miguel Tejada homered and drove in three runs to boost his major league-leading RBIs total to 146, and the Baltimore Orioles cruised past the Toronto Blue Jays 9-3 Thursday night.
STK Grabs Storage Management Vendor Tape storage king StorageTek puts new pressure on the storage-management market with an acquisition. By Martin J. Garvey. Storage Technology Corp.
Souness Relieved As Magpies Soar Newcastle United manager Graeme Souness was relieved that none of his players got injured during the Magpies 5-1 Uefa Cup demolition of Israeli side Hapoel Bnei Sachnin.
PITCAIRN WITNESS: CULTURE OF SILENCE In the first of a series of Pitcairn sex abuse trials, a British woman allegedly raped during her childhood on the remote Pacific island has told a court that men on the island were given free rein to treat young girls as sexual playthings.
Japan says yuan policy up to China ahead of G7 Japanese officials, arriving in Washington on Thursday for a historic meeting between the Group of Seven (G7) nations and China, distanced themselves from US demands for a review of China #39;s currency policy.
Victory No. 100 Gives Yankees Another A.L. East Title Bernie Williams hit a two-run homer in the ninth inning, helping the Yankees clinch their seventh straight A.L. East title with their 100th victory of the season.
Upbeat Wilkens Likes New Pieces to Knicks' Puzzle Knick Coach Lenny Wilkens steered away from predictions Thursday, but he found more to like than not to like as he surveyed the coming season.
Thrown for a Loss Considered an early Super Bowl contender, the Chiefs come to Baltimore on Monday still looking for their first win.
Tejada Powers Orioles Miguel Tejada homers and drives in three runs to boost his major league-leading RBI total to 146, and the Orioles cruise past Toronto, 9-3, Thursday night.
Bies: Oil Has Shaped Fed Growth Outlook  IRVING, Texas (Reuters) - Oil prices have shaped the  Federal Reserve's outlook for the U.S. economy but an upgrade  of second quarter GDP boosts its confidence that growth is  regaining momentum, a top Fed policymaker said on Thursday.
Tokyo Stocks Jump After BOJ Tankan  TOKYO (Reuters) - Tokyo's Nikkei average rose 1.33 percent  by midday on Friday, led higher by banks and insurers thanks to  a higher-than-expected key figure in the Bank of Japan's latest  corporate sentiment survey.
Debt Relief Deal for Poor Nations Seems to Be Near The U.S. and top financial institutions indicated that they were closing in on an agreement to forgive the debts of many of the world's poorest countries.
U.S. and Europe Fail to Resolve Dispute on Aircraft Subsidies Trade officials failed to resolve their dispute over government subsidies to aircraft manufacturers, especially Airbus and Boeing.
Volkswagen, Malaysian Carmaker in Talks Malaysian carmaker Proton is in talks with Volkswagen about a potential partnership, which could boost the German auto giant #39;s presence in the Southeast Asian market.
Study debunks treatment for clogged arteries A highly touted technique that uses radioactive seeds to clear clogged arteries offers no long-term benefit, according to a new study.
prize-winning space launch The team behind the SpaceShipOne rocket plane says it plans to win the \$10 million Ansari X Prize on Monday, after deciding that the unexpected tumble encountered during this 
Australia #39;s Frisky Koalas to Get Hormone Implants Lusty Koalas in southern Australia are going to be put on the pill to stop them breeding too quickly and putting too much strain on their eucalyptus-forest home.
RIAA sues another 762 p2pnet.net News:- Through their RIAA (Recording Industry Association of America), the members of the Big Four record label cartel have sued another 762 people, bringing the total to close to 5,800.
Team buses to have police protection after incident There will be police escorts and protection for the Chicago White Sox team buses during their series against the Royals. Kevin Hallinan, Major League Baseball #39;s vice 
Thirty killed in Gaza battle DAVID HARDAKER: In Israel #39;s deepest thrust into the Gaza Strip in four years of conflict, 30 people have been killed in a single day of combat.
150 arrested for child porn in Australia Police arrested more than 150 people and seized computers holding more than 2 million images of child pornography in Australia #39;s biggest crackdown yet on child porn, police said Thursday.
Yen Rises on Corporate Sentiment Poll The yen rose on Friday after the Bank of Japan #39;s closely watched  quot;tankan quot; survey showed further improvement in Japanese business sentiment.
Vioxx #39;s Removal May Not Affect Care Much Patients taking Vioxx for pain relief have many alternatives, and the popular drug #39;s withdrawal from worldwide markets yesterday should have little practical effect on clinical care, experts said.
Johnson Will Retire Nov. 1 As CACI #39;s No. 2 Executive The Arlington government contractor said in a statement that the 58-year-old Johnson, its second in command, is leaving  quot;to pursue personal interests and spend more time with his family and 
White Sox 9, Royals 2 Mark Buehrle pitched a four-hitter for his fourth complete game of the season, leading the Chicago White Sox over the Kansas City Royals 9-2 Thursday night.
For Giants, Rookie Is Quick Study at Safety A loose-leaf notebook was perched on a stool at Gibril Wilson #39;s locker Thursday, but probably not for long. Wilson is a rookie safety for the Giants, and the 
E.U. Regulators Say Microsoft Had Agreed to Sanctions (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - LUXEMBOURG, Sept. 30 -- European regulators testified here Thursday that before settlement talks with Microsoft Corp. broke down last spring, the company had agreed to  antitrust sanctions that the software giant now claims would cause irreparable harm to its business and is fighting to stave off.
Australia's Frisky Koalas to Get Hormone Implants (Reuters) Reuters - Lusty Koalas in southern Australia\are going to be put on the pill to stop them breeding too\quickly and putting too much strain on their eucalyptus-forest\home.
Fed Governor Assessment of Economy Upbeat (Reuters) Reuters - Federal Reserve Governor Susan\Bies on Thursday delivered an upbeat assessment of the U.S.\economy, saying both the household and business sectors\appeared to be in good shape.
Fed Governor Assessment of Economy Upbeat  IRVING, Texas (Reuters) - Federal Reserve Governor Susan  Bies on Thursday delivered an upbeat assessment of the U.S.  economy, saying both the household and business sectors  appeared to be in good shape.
Market  Batters Merck Shares of Merck and Co. plunged nearly 27 percent Thursday on news that the pharmaceutical giant was pulling the popular arthritis pain medication Vioxx off the market.
US Airways, Pilots Union Near Cost-Cutting Accord US Airways and its pilots union are close to reaching a \$300 million cost-cutting agreement, a key part of a restructuring plan that the airline says it needs to help it emerge from bankruptcy.
Johnson Will Retire  As CACI's No. 2 Executive CACI International Inc.'s president of U.S. operations, L. Kenneth Johnson, will retire Nov. 1.  The Arlington government contractor said in a statement that the 58-year-old Johnson, its second in command, is leaving "to pursue personal interests."&lt;BR&gt;\&lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Consumer Spending Was Flat in August Consumer spending was flat in August even though incomes rose, the Commerce Department reported yesterday, providing more mixed signals about the economy's recent strength.
Arthritis Drug Vioxx Is Taken Off Market The decision by Merck   Co. came after a study confirmed simmering concerns that it significantly raises the risk of heart attack and stroke. More than 2 million people take Vioxx worldwide, making this the largest voluntary drug recall in history.
Pfizer Lawyers Grill Dissenting Executive A drug company executive who spoke out in support of Montgomery County's proposal to import drugs from Canada and similar legislation before Congress said that his company has launched an investigation into his political activities.
From Spam To Lacrosse, A Day for The Books New laws aimed at prosecuting big-time Internet spammers, helping small businesses and elevating lacrosse to the status of "state team sport" will become effective today in Maryland.
IMF Predicts Faster Growth In Global Economy This Year Oil prices may have just hit record levels, but the International Monetary Fund is even more bullish about global economic growth in 2004 than it was six months ago.
Update 2: NY Firm Buying Sports and Talent Agency International Management Group, a sports and celebrity management and marketing firm that has represented Tiger Woods, Joe Montana and Derek Jeter, is being sold to a New York buyout specialist firm in a cash deal valued at more than \$700 million.
Nikkei sharply up on strong tankan TOKYO (CBS.MW) - Japanese stock indexes rose by midmorning Friday after the central bank #39;s closely watched tankan business sentiment survey showed a better-than-expected confidence among large manufacturers.
Soggy summer hits Boots #39; sales growth HIGH street giant Boots reported a cooling in sales growth today after disappointing summer weather stalled demand for suncare products.
Koalas Put on  #39;The Pill #39; to Control Population Wildlife authorities in Australia plan to implant contraceptive hormones into 2,000 koala bears in an effort to keep the numbers down.
Senate postpones vote on file-swapping bill com September 30, 2004, 9:28 AM PT. There #39;s no doubt the Internet will continue to make its mark in the world of business and technology.
DoCoMo plans fuel cell recharger NTT DoCoMo has developed a prototype methanol fuel cell recharger for demanding mobile phones. The charger relies on a replaceable methanol cartridge and hydrogen 
Windows piracy must not harm Linux In the endless war of words and numbers between Windows and The Rest, Gartner has chipped in with a paradoxical observation. Forty percent of PCs sold with Linux installed are subsequently hosed clean and 
Mourinho #39;s Chelsea beats his former club FC Porto 3-1 in Champions &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Jose Mourinho brushed aside sentiment as Chelsea beat his former club, defending champion FC Porto, 3-1 in the Champions League on Wednesday.
Souness Salutes  #39;World-Class #39; Kluivert Newcastle boss Graeme Souness has tipped Patrick Kluivert to re-establish himself as one of Europes top strikers after watching him help to dismantle Hapoel Bnei Sakhnin.
Trinidad returns as requested, will face Mayorga For the last two-plus years, Felix  quot;Tito quot; Trinidad did as he pleased. He spent time with his wife and children. He ate very well, rode his horses and went to cockfights and boxing matches with his friends.
American League Game Summary - Minnesota At New York Bronx, NY -- Bernie Williams hit a game-winning two-run homer in the bottom of the ninth inning as the New York Yankees clinched their seventh consecutive American League East title with a 6-4 victory over Minnesota at Yankee Stadium.
Pat Burrell goes 4-for-4 as Philadelphia beats the Marlins 7-4 Pat Burrell went 4-for-4, including a tiebreaking two-run single in Philadelphia #39;s six-run seventh inning, helping the Phillies rally for a 7-4 victory over the Florida Marlins on Thursday night.
Police arrested in child-porn raids POLICE officers are among more than 150 people charged with about 2000 child sex offences resulting from Australia #39;s biggest crackdown on internet child pornography.
News of 10 new kidnaps increases gloom in Iraq MILITANTS in Iraq yesterday claimed they had kidnapped another ten people, dampening any optimism that the freeing of two Italian hostages might have marked a turning point in the hostage crisis.
Blair to stay for third term DAVID HARDAKER: Britain #39;s Prime Minister Tony Blair has announced he #39;s to be admitted to hospital later today Australian time for a heart procedure.
AL Wrap: Rangers Overcome Angels, A's Draw Level (Reuters) Reuters - Adrian Gonzalez drove in three runs\with a pair of hits as the Texas Rangers beat Anaheim 6-3 in\Arlington on Thursday, dropping the Angels into a first place\tie with Oakland in the AL West.
Undefeated Navy Sinks Air Force 24-21 (AP) AP - Geoff Blumenfeld picked a good time to make his first field goal of the season, nailing a 30-yarder with 4 seconds left to lift Navy to a 24-21 victory over Air Force on Thursday night.
Microsoft Vows Fight on Patent Rejection (AP) AP - In a preliminary ruling, the government rejected Microsoft Corp.'s 1996 patent on technology for saving files on computers using easy-to-remember names.
Web Founder Promotes Future Cooperation (AP) AP - The inventor of the World Wide Web told a technology conference on Wednesday that making the Web more useful hinges on a familiar challenge: Getting the players behind the technology to agree on standards governing how computers communicate with one another.
U.S. Launches Assault on Rebel-Held Iraqi Town (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. forces in Iraq on Friday launched a\big offensive in the rebel stronghold of Samarra and said they\had secured key government and police buildings.
Congressional probe sought over jailing of US vigilantes in Afghanistan (AFP) AFP - A lawyer for one of three Americans jailed in Afghanistan for illegally running a private anti-terror campaign and secret jail has asked for a US Congressional probe to look into bringing the trio home.
Aborigines left out of Australian election, says senator (AFP) AFP - Once again, Australia's Aboriginal community has been forgotten as the country prepares for a general election, according to its only indigenous senator, Aden Ridgeway.
Dow Knocked Lower by Merck #39;s Drug Recall Drug maker Merck  amp; Co. Inc. (MRK.N: Quote, Profile, Research) dominated trading in US stocks on Thursday, single-handedly driving the 30-stock Dow Jones average lower 
Anschutz Purchases Journal Newspapers Philip F. Anschutz, Denver billionaire and DC United investor, yesterday announced the purchase of the Journal Newspapers Inc., the Alexandria publisher of three Washington area suburban daily 
Consumer Spending Was Flat in August Consumer spending was flat in August even though incomes rose, the Commerce Department reported yesterday, providing more mixed signals about the economy #39;s recent strength.
How difficult is it to discard Internet Explorer? Recent months have been terrible for Internet Explorer. Their have been tons of bug and security flaw reported. So much so, many security agencies have started recommending people who surf online to shift to alternate browsers.
Bernie #39;s blast clinches AL East com. Those numbers each represent something important for the Yankees, who wrapped up the American League East title on Thursday night with a 6-4 win over the Minnesota Twins.
American League Game Summary - Anaheim at Texas Arlington, TX (Sports Network) - Adrian Gonzalez stroked two hits and knocked in three runs, Chris Young pitched six strong innings for the win, and the Texas Rangers salvaged a four-game set with a 6-3 victory over Anaheim one night after being 
Japan death toll from Meari rises to 19, 8 missing The death toll from a tropical storm buffeting Japan rose yesterday to 19 after searchers found more victims, including two men buried inside their homes beneath mud and debris that had barreled down a mountainside.
Direct links can be a first step in building trust, say scholars Both Taiwan and China should see the issue of cross-strait direct transportation links as the initial step to creating mutual trust between each other, ahead of the concerns for regional peace, local scholars suggested yesterday.
Arthritis drug Vioxx pulled from market THE Ministry of Health yesterday urged Jamaicans to immediately discontinue the use of the arthritis drug Vioxx (refecoxib), which was pulled off the market yesterday by its manufacturer Merck  amp; Co.
Lower prices driving Boots sales Boots has seen good sales growth across the past six months, but has taken a hit on margins as customers respond enthusiastically to its Lower Prices Youll Love marketing campaign.
Yen Eases Slightly After 'Tankan' Rally  TOKYO (Reuters) - The yen eased against the dollar on  Friday, failing to hold gains made on a stronger-than-expected  reading for the Bank of Japan's "tankan" survey of business  sentiment.
Red Hat To Get Netscape Security Assets for \$25 Million Leading open source vendor Red Hat said it will acquire certain security-related assets of Netscape Security Solutions from America Online for US\$25 million.
Tokyo Stocks Jump by Midday  TOKYO (Reuters) - Tokyo's Nikkei average rose 1.33 percent  by midday on Friday, led higher by banks and insurers thanks to  a better-than-expected corporate sentiment survey by the Bank  of Japan.
- UMPIRES: Home,Andy Fletcher; First, Tim Welke; Second, Gary &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; - Lew Ford flied out to right. None on with one out and Jacque Jones due up. - Jacque Jones grounded out to second. None on with two out and Torii Hunter due up.
Bush Sees a Safer America, While Kerry Sees a 'Colossal Error' President Bush said he had acted aggressively to protect the U.S., and John Kerry said Mr. Bush had made a "colossal error" of judgment in Iraq.
Yankees Clinch 7th Straight AL East Title NEW YORK - Bernie Williams hit a two-run homer in the ninth inning and the New York Yankees clinched their seventh straight AL East title, beating the Minnesota Twins 6-4 Thursday night for their 100th victory of the season.    With the crowd standing and hollering, Williams connected with one out to set off an enthusiastic celebration...
Boots sales get a drenching HIGH-STREET retailer Boots reported a cooling in sales growth yesterday after disappointing summer weather stalled demand for suncare products.
Connecticut 29, Pittsburgh 17 Cornell Brockington rushed for 185 yards and one touchdown Thursday night to lead Connecticut to a 29-17 victory over Pittsburgh, the Huskies #39; first Big East win as a conference member.
AL Wrap: Rangers Overcome Angels, A #39;s Draw Level Adrian Gonzalez drove in three runs with a pair of hits as the Texas Rangers beat Anaheim 6-3 in Arlington on Thursday, dropping the Angels into a first place tie with Oakland in the AL West.
Australia could step up childsex crackdown, PM warns after &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; SYDNEY : Prime Minister John Howard promised new legislation if it was needed to fight child pornography following more than 200 arrests in a major Australia-wide crackdown on Internet pornography.
BCCI vows to produce live telecast of Australia series CALCUTTA: The Board of Cricket Control in India (BCCI) on Thursday announced it would go ahead with live telecasts of the upcoming home Test series against Australia and South Africa despite a raging court battle.
Microsoft seeks to suspend EU antitrust ruling Microsoft Corp. fought yesterday for a suspension of a landmark European Union antitrust ruling pending its appeal, arguing that being forced to share its closely guarded software codes with rivals now would do it irreversible damage.
We #39;ll telecast Australia Tests The Indian cricket board Monday told the Supreme Court it would provide live pictures of the upcoming India-Australia Test series that Prasar Bharati would telecast within the country and another company would do so abroad.
TV coverage confirmed AUSTRALIA #39;S  quot;last frontier quot; Test cricket series against India will be shown on live television in this country following an 11th hour TV rights deal.
Sports: Denney says says go-go boots helped prevent serious injury MINNEAPOLIS Cleveland Indians pitcher Kyle Denney says the go-go boots he was wearing may have prevented a bullet from seriously injuring his leg.
Search Engine Forums Spotlight Links to this week's topics from search engine forums across the web: Click-Fraud Said to be 50 of Clicks - PPC  #91;Pay Per Click #93; And Affiliate Marketing, Will It Last? - Press Releases for Link Development - New Adwords Traffic Estimator - AdWords: Is Broadmatch Really Bad? - Marketing Tactics with Shopping Search Engines - How To Optimize PDFs
NBA-Suns Scorch Trail Blazers, Kings Beat Celtics Quentin Richardson poured in 37 points, including eight three-pointers, and Shawn Marion added 16 points and 12 rebounds to lead the Phoenix Suns to a 121-99 thrashing of the host Portland Trail Blazers Sunday.
Area Codes, Now Divorced From Their Areas It used to be safe to assume that dialing 212 made a phone ring in Manhattan, but in this era of mobile telecommunications, calls connect people, not places.
Microsoft Asks Appeals Court in Europe to Delay Punishment Microsoft warned a European appeals court that software developers and consumers would face dire consequences should it be penalized.
Judge Strikes Down Section of Patriot Act A federal judge ruled that the provision broadly violated the Constitution by giving federal authorities unchecked powers to obtain private information.
I.B.M. Employees Get \$320 Million in Pension Suit I.B.M. said that it had agreed to pay \$320 million to its employees to settle in part a class-action lawsuit over its pension plan.
Sun Micro, UT Austin, Team Up on Supercomputer (Reuters) Reuters - Sun Microsystems Inc. \and the University of Texas at Austin are set to flip the\switch on Friday on a unique supercomputer that will vastly\speed up massive data analysis and visualization to tackle\time-critical problems such as weather prediction.
Sun Micro, UT Austin, Team Up on Supercomputer  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Sun Microsystems Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=SUNW.O qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;SUNW.O&lt;/A&gt;  and the University of Texas at Austin are set to flip the  switch on Friday on a unique supercomputer that will vastly  speed up massive data analysis and visualization to tackle  time-critical problems such as weather prediction.
House Defeats Gay Marriage Ban Amendment (AP) AP - The House emphatically rejected a constitutional amendment banning gay marriage Thursday, the latest in a string of conservative pet causes advanced by Republican leaders in the run-up to Election Day.
Bush Sees a Safer America, While Kerry Sees a 'Colossal Error' President Bush said he acted to protect the U.S., while John Kerry said Mr. Bush had made a "colossal error" of judgment in Iraq.
House Ethics Panel Says DeLay Tried to Trade Favor for a Vote A panel admonished Representative Tom DeLay for improperly trying to win the vote of a lawmaker during a floor fight over a bill.
Brown just looking for respect PHILADELPHIA  It should have been a happy day for Sheldon Brown. He had come up with his first interception of the season, after all, and he had done so against no less a quarterback than Brett Favre.
Open-source process server set for release More open-source software for businesses: The Apache Software Foundation is launching a project for a Java process automation server.
DoCoMo unveils phone fuel cell NTT DoCoMo has unveiled what it calls the Japan #39;s first prototype micro fuel cell aimed at boosting battery life for its powerful third-generation  quot;FOMA quot; handsets.
British Grand Prix Threatened Reports that the British Grand Prix has been dumped from next year #39;s Formula 1 World Championship are a little premature, although that #39;s not to say it won #39;t happen.
Double Dutch for Magpies as Shearer bags a hat-trick ALAN SHEARER and Patrick Kluivert fired Newcastle into the group stage of the Uefa Cup in Tel Aviv last night. United skipper Shearer claimed the second European hat-trick of his career and Kluivert helped 
Sports: Brewers 7 Cardinals 6 ST. LOUIS Keith Ginter hit a three-run homer as the Milwaukee Brewers beat the St. Louis Cardinals 7-to-6. The NL Central champion Cards suffered a season-high fourth straight loss.
Russian Cabinet Backs Pact on Climate Change After years of debate among political and economic leaders here, the Russian cabinet on Thursday endorsed the 1997 Kyoto accord on global climate change.
Car Bombs Rock Baghdad A series of bombs targeting US forces were detonated in a western Baghdad neighbourhood, leaving scores of dead and wounded. Interior Ministry spokesman Colonel Adnan Abd al-Rahman said two car bombs and a 
Another Comeback Victory, Another Division Title for Yankees It took 61 come-from-behind victories, a major league record, to achieve what the Yankees did Thursday, win a seventh consecutive A.L. East title.
Olympians Put On Show There were no judges, and there was no pressure. Best of all, there was no Olympic-sized controversy at MCI Center on Thursday as the stars of the U.S. gymnastics team tumbled, twirled and gyrated.
Williams Lifts Yankees Bernie Williams hits a two-run homer in the ninth inning and the Yankees clinch their seventh straight AL East title, beating the playoff-bound Twins, 6-4, Thursday night.
*  #39;Super aspirin #39; is taken off market over heart fears Shares in Merck, the US pharmaceuticals giant, plunged by almost 27 per cent yesterday after the company withdrew Vioxx, its \$2.5bn (1.
Wall Street: Dow index down for day, quarter after Merck news Wall Street stock indexes closed out a dismal third quarter mixed Thursday after Merck  amp; Co. stated it would remove its best-selling Vioxx arthritis drug from the market.
IBM Pays Out in Cash-Balance Case IBM will pay out \$320 million to settle part of a class-action lawsuit relating to its pension plan. The settlement does not, however, address the critical issue of whether the companys controversial cash 
TiVo, Netflix team to deliver Internet video-on-demand TiVo and Netflix said Thursday that they plan to challenge cable operators and video retailers by launching a video-on-demand service in 2005 that will deliver movies to consumers via the Internet.
NZ Watchdog:Changes To Prime #39;s Bid For Powerco Difficult WELLINGTON (Dow Jones)--Prime Infrastructure Group (PIF.AU) could still change the terms of its controversial takeover bid for Powerco Ltd.
Boeing-Airbus talks fall apart Europe and the United States could be headed for a trans-Atlantic trade war over the issue of government aid to Airbus and The Boeing Co.
Frisky koalas to get hormone implants  quot;It is the same type of contraceptive that is used by human females around the world, quot; said project manager Ian Walker.  quot;But the tricky part.
Open-source process server set for release com September 30, 2004, 9:00 PM PT. This fourth priority #39;s main focus has been improving or obtaining CRM and ERP software for the past year and a half.
Williams hits two-run homer as the Yankees beat Minnesota 6-4 to &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Bernie Williams sent a drive soaring to left-centre field, raised his right arm in triumph and circled the bases. Pretty soon, he was home - and so were the New York Yankees.
Praise running rampant for Oklahoma freshman To hear him, you #39;d think the guy was some wide-eyed, talk-radio type prattling on about the latest kid to slip a couple of tackles.
Georgia #39;s Ware raring to run Just in time for No. 3 Georgia #39;s biggest game of the season thus far comes the return of one of the Bulldogs #39; biggest offensive weapons.
Nigeria welcomes talks on oil thefts The government of the southern Nigerian Rivers State yesterday welcomed peace talks between the Abuja authorities and the leader of a separatist movement fighting for the control of the country #39;s oil wealth.
IBM to Expand Data Centers Across World (Reuters) Reuters - IBM is expanding and adding new\technology to 11 of its data centers in North America, Europe\and Asia to meet growing demand and rolled out new services to\customers, the world's largest computer company said late on\Thursday.
IBM to Expand Data Centers Across World  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - IBM is expanding and adding new  technology to 11 of its data centers in North America, Europe  and Asia to meet growing demand and rolled out new services to  customers, the world's largest computer company said late on  Thursday.
VoIP Price War Declared gardel writes  quot;Voxilla reports that a VoIP price war was declared today. An announcement that AT amp;T would drop its prices for its CallVantage Service from \$34.
SanDisk announces wrath of Memory Card products SanDisk has announced a number of memory card specific products at Photokina, in Cologne today. For the serious professional photographer, the company announced an 8Gb Compact Flash card costing \$1000, a 4Gb Memory Stick Pro and 2Gb SD Card.
UConn, Pitt go their different ways The question seemed fair enough:  quot;Can you discuss the differences between coaching in a major-league city like Pittsburgh and a college town like Storrs, Conn.
Former Steeler killed in crash Former Steelers offensive lineman Justin Strzelczyk died yesterday morning in a fiery collision with a tractor-trailer near Herkimer, NY, after leading police on 
Toyota to double US supply of Priuses to 100,000 NEW YORK - Toyota Motor Corp said Thursday it will double the supply of its Prius hybrid cars to the US market to 100,000 vehicles a year in 2005.
Opinion: Local councils may be stuck with junk after Powerco &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Like a lot of cock-ups, the Takeover Panel #39;s decision on Prime Infrastructure #39;s takeover bid of networks company Powerco started with a small miscalculation.
COL FB: Connecticut 29, Pittsburgh 17 Dan Orlovsky threw for 237 yards and Cornell Brockington ran for 187 yards and a score Thursday night to give Connecticut a 29-17 win over Pittsburgh.
Russia to ratify Kyoto treaty Politicians, industry leaders and environment groups across the world welcomed the news last night that Russia had rejuvenated international efforts to combat climate change by ratifying the Kyoto protocol.
Indonesia confirms two women hostages taken in Iraq JAKARTA : Two Indonesian women working for a British company in Iraq were among 10 people kidnapped by an Islamic militant group, officials in Jakarta confirmed on Friday.
Powell, China Foreign Minister Affirm North Korea Talks Effort US Secretary of State Colin Powell and his Chinese counterpart Li Zhaoxing said they still supported a multinational effort to convince North Korea leader Kim Jong Il to end his nuclear 
Oil Prices Waver, Eye on Nigeria Supply Oil #39;s rally wavered on Thursday, but worries over the security of Nigerian supply supported prices despite an easier US crude inventory picture and news that Russia #39;s YUKOS would resume full supply to China.
AMERICAN LEAGUE With a doubleheader sweep of the Minnesota Twins, the New York Yankees moved to the verge of clinching their seventh straight AL East title.
Boxing Comebacks a Mixed Bag; 82 of Media Say Trinidad-Mayorga &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Whether its money, the roar of the crowd or just to improve ones place in history, there are more boxers who later regret the decision to return to the ring rather than those who stay home.
Tony Blair To Undergo Surgery British Prime Minister Tony Blair said he would undergo a routine operation Friday to correct an irregular heartbeat. Blair announced the plans for the medical procedure Thursday night, just hours after 
Typhoon kills 2 in Japan TOKYO - At least two people are dead, eight are missing after Typhoon Meari pounded southern Japan with heavy rain and strong winds.
Bird flu claims its 30th human victim in Asia Vietnam confirmed a new bird flu death to bring Asia #39;s human toll to 30 yesterday, while Thailand rued its flawed efforts to control the epidemic after reporting its first likely case of the virus jumping from one person to another.
Bayer Unit Plea-Bargains in Price Fixing The Bayer Corporation, a subsidiary of the Bayer Group of Germany, has agreed to plead guilty and pay a \$33 million criminal fine for taking part in a conspiracy 
Pitt Notebook: Harris chooses FG over touchdown try before half Pitt coach Walt Harris preferred to  quot;play the percentages quot; late in the first half last night and, as a result, the Panthers came away with a field 
Russia backs Kyoto treaty MOSCOW - The Russian government has approved the bill On the ratification of the Kyoto Protocol to the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change.
Johnson retires from CACI L. Kenneth Johnson, president of US operations at CACI International Inc., has announced his retirement from the company. In a statement, Johnson said he is leaving effective Nov. 1 to spend more time with his family and to pursue other interests.
Wenger looking for that spirit of Christmas past Arsene Wenger will summon the spirit of Christmas past as he prepares Arsenal for the most critical week of their season. The specific Christmas he has in mind was just seven 
China, U.S. Seek to Protect Cancer-Fighting Tree (Reuters) Reuters - The United States and China want to\expand trade regulations to protect Asian yew trees, a plant\that provides the compound for one of the world's top-selling\chemotherapy drugs but is threatened by poaching.
Blair to undergo operation to fix irregular heartbeat (AFP) AFP - British Prime Minister Tony Blair said he would enter the hospital for an operation to correct an irregular heartbeat that was first diagnosed a year ago and has recurred in the last two months.
Caribbean States Hit by Hurricanes Ask Aid (AP) AP - Caribbean leaders described the devastation that recent hurricanes had wrought on their countries in speeches to the U.N. General Assembly on Thursday, and asked for more help to clean up.
Gurkhas say more should get British citizenship (Reuters) Reuters - Gurkha fighters from Nepal, who have been recruited by Britain for nearly 200 years, hailed on Friday a decision to allow some of them to become British citizens but called for the right to be extended to many more.
Indonesia Confirms Two Women Taken Hostage in Iraq  JAKARTA (Reuters) - Indonesia has confirmed the kidnapping  of two Indonesian women in Iraq and advised any other nationals  in the country to leave immediately, a Foreign Ministry  official said on Friday.
Microsoft defence enters day two Microsoft's attempt to get EU antitrust penalties against it suspended turns to the question of its media player.
Nation/world briefs WASHINGTON - Consumers were tightfisted with their money amid soaring gasoline costs in August, and hurricane-related disruptions last week sent applications for jobless benefits to their highest level in seven months.
State lets Bay Bridge retrofit bid expire California #39;s top transportation official said today that the state will reject a current bid for rebuilding the eastern span of the Bay Bridge expire and take new bids.
Giants Tie Astros for Wild Card With Win (AP) AP - Jerome Williams pitched seven strong innings in his first start in two months and the San Francisco Giants jumped back into a tie for the wild-card lead by beating the San Diego Padres 4-1 on Thursday night.
SpaceShipOne #39;s Heady Flight Path The Burt Rutan/Paul Allen private spacecraft is on the brink of nabbing the \$10 million X Prize. But that #39;s just the start. The \$10 million X Prize is almost in the bank.
Red Hat snaps up Netscape security LINUX distributor Red Hat has announced it would purchase Netscape #39;s enterprise security products from AOL. Products to be purchased by Red Hat include the Netscape Directory Server and Netscape Certificate management system.
IN BRIEF  Orbimage of Dulles, a satellite imaging company, was awarded a four-year contract for about \$500 million by the National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency.
CACI US Operations President to Retire CACI International Inc. on Thursday said US domestic operations president L. Kenneth Johnson will retire from the company effective Nov. 1, and backed its previous earnings guidance, saying it is on course to meet operating goals.
Desktop Linux a vehicle for pirating Windows PCs running Linux are growing in popularity in part because they can be loaded with a pirated copy of Windows, according to a study from analyst Gartner.
Ichiro one hit away; Mariners fall If the Major League single-season hit record falls, it will happen at Safeco Field. That became a reality Thursday afternoon at Network Associates Coliseum, where Mariners 
Yankees Clinch 7th Straight AL East Title NEW YORK Sept. 30, 2004 - Bernie Williams hit a two-run homer in the ninth inning and the New York Yankees clinched their seventh straight AL East title, beating the Minnesota Twins 6-4 Thursday night for their 100th victory of the season.
Sharon, cabinet agree to major offensive in Gaza JERUSALEM/GAZA - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon and his security cabinet agreed late Thursday to a major offensive military offensive against Palestinian militants in the Gaza Strip.
Takenaka Says Tankan Confirms Japan #39;s Steady Economic Recovery The Bank of Japan #39;s quarterly survey of business confidence confirmed that the world #39;s second-largest economy is recovering at a steady pace, Economic and Fiscal Policy Minister Heizo Takenaka said.
White Sox Drop Slumping Royals 9-2 (AP) AP - Mark Buehrle trotted out to the mound in the ninth inning, eager to wrap up his fourth complete game  #151; a fitting last start of the season for Chicago's most consistent pitcher.
College Player, 39, Does 'Late Show' (AP) AP - Sounds like David Letterman is as big a "Pops" fan as most everyone else.
Clearly, there #39;s still a lot to be said about BCS We had some good times this season. Remember that time I sat in the press box in Norman and watched your freshman running back dazzle?
Giants Topple Padres Jerome Williams pitches seven strong innings in his first start in two months and San Francisco jumps back into a tie for the wild-card lead by beating San Diego, 4-1.
Music Industry Files More Piracy Lawsuits The recording industry launched a new round of lawsuits against illegal downloading Thursday (Sept. 30), the same day negotiations intensified between copyright 
Russian cabinet approves Kyoto Protocol The Russian cabinet on Thursday approved the ratification of the Kyoto Protocol, a step that may bring the global warming treaty into force after parliament endorsement.
Henry fears blame if Gunners fail Thierry Henry believes he will be blamed if Arsenal fail to qualify for the next stage of the Champions League. Henry will captain the side in place of the suspended Patrick Vieira as the Gunners seek the 
UNDATE 1-Indian officials in B #39;desh to assess cricket threat An Indian security team heads for Bangladesh on Monday to assess the situation after a threat to the national cricket squad by an Islamic militant group.
Oil slides from record highs Oil prices slid from record highs above \$US50 a barrel Wednesday as the US government reported a surprise increase in crude stocks and rebels in Nigeria #39;s oil-rich delta region agreed to a preliminary cease-fire.
Rockies beat Los Angeles 4-1 to slow Dodgers #39; drive for playoff &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The Colorado Rockies found a way to protect a lead over the Los Angeles Dodgers. But there was still music playing in the losers #39; clubhouse afterward.
Giants take share of Wild Card lead com. When Giants pitcher Jerome Williams gave up a leadoff double to Ramon Vazquez to start Thursday night #39;s game, a San Diego broadcaster commented,  quot;Jerome doesn #39;t look that overpowering and doesn #39;t look comfortable on the mound.
Microsoft, EU Battle Over Antitrust Order (AP) AP - Microsoft Corp. goes into round two Friday of its battle to get the European Union's sweeping antitrust ruling lifted having told a judge that it had been prepared during settlement talks to share more software code with its rivals than the EU ultimately demanded.
Japan Stocks Up After Strong Tankan  TOKYO (Reuters) - Japanese shares rose 1.3 percent by late  afternoon trade on Friday as a better-than-expected reading in  the Bank of Japan's corporate "tankan" survey of business  sentiment spurred buying.
Update 13: Microsoft, EU Battle Over Antitrust Order Microsoft Corp. goes into round two Friday of its battle to get the European Union #39;s sweeping antitrust ruling lifted having told a judge that it had been prepared during settlement talks to share more software 
Supply worries lift oil near \$50 US new yorkCrude oil futures rose to almost \$50 (US) a barrel yesterday as platforms in the Gulf of Mexico pumped at below-normal rates two weeks after Hurricane Ivan.
US brokerage charged with fraud WASHINGTONThe US Securities and Exchange Commission yesterday charged brokerage firm Raymond James Financial Inc. with fraud over the misconduct of a former broker in 1999 and 2000.
US spending flat in August WASHINGTONUS consumers were tightfisted with money amid soaring gasoline costs in August and hurricane-related disruptions last week sent applications for jobless benefits to their highest level in seven months.
Big airlines feel pinch from system they created Delta Air Lines #39; decision to close its hub at the Dallas/Fort Worth International Airport and cut 2,000 jobs might seem like a big blow to the world #39;s third-busiest airport.
Research in Motion profit, sales soar in second quarter Research In Motion Ltd. added a record 317,000 new BlackBerry subscribers in its second quarter and saw revenue and profit skyrocket, but that wasn #39;t enough to keep some investors and analysts happy.
Dodgers 4, Rockies 2, 11 innings Light-hitting David Ross hit a two-out, two-run homer in the 11th inning and the Los Angeles Dodgers beat the Colorado Rockies 4-2 Thursday night to clinch no worse than a tie for the NL West title.
Texas Tech hoping comeback unnecessary against No. 2 Sooners NORMAN, Okla. - Is any lead safe with Texas Tech #39;s offense and a suddenly stingy defense primed for a comeback? After rallying from 21 and 25 points down in back-to-back weeks, the Red Raiders aren #39;t planning to find out when they play No.
A breakthrough could be in the works By now, every Aggie knows the significance of coach Dennis Franchione #39;s second year. Year two is usually his signature season, the one people look back at as the return to prominence.
Focus on Aust as Russia adopts Kyoto protocol The major parties #39; different approaches to the Kyoto Protocol on greenhouse gas emissions became starker today after Russia made steps to ratify the agreement.
Nikkei Higher After Strong 'Tankan'  TOKYO (Reuters) - The Nikkei average closed up 1.49 percent  on Friday, the first day of the fiscal second half, as a strong  reading in the Bank of Japan's "tankan" business survey  prompted investors at home and abroad to jump into the market.
Finance ministers meeting in US Global finance ministers gather in Washington for simultaneous meetings of the G7, World Bank and International Monetary Fund.
GM cereals to go 100 whole grain Cereal maker General Mills, hurt by low-carbohydrate and other fad diets in the past two years, went on the nutrition offensive Thursday and announced that it will make all 
Calif. to Let San Francisco Bridge Bid to Expire California transportation officials said on Thursday they have decided to allow a \$1.4 billion bid to rebuild part of the San Francisco-Oakland Bay Bridge to expire and to solicit less expensive designs for the over-budget project 
Companies slash fees for Net phone plans AT amp;T said yesterday it was slashing the fee for its Internet phone plan, CallVantage, to \$29.99 a month for unlimited local and long-distance service.
Sun releases Java 5 aka 1.5.0  quot;If they repeated history, then Java 1.3 should have been Java3 and Java 1.4 would have been Java 4 making Java 1.5 as Java5.
Microsoft patent is preliminarily rejected, but company vows to &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; In a preliminary ruling, the government rejected Microsoft Corp.s 1996 patent on technology for saving files on computers using easy-to-remember names.
Zee to challenge cricket board Zee Telefilms Limited, the country #39;s largest listed media firm, plans to appeal to the Supreme Court against a cricket board decision to ask two rival channels to broadcast the home test series against Australia, its lawyer said on Friday.
Morris adds to the anxiety Baseball fans who were looking to Busch Stadium for reassurance Thursday night came away more apprehensive than ever. A few days removed from playing host to a National League Division Series 
Russia moves to ratify Kyoto climate accord Russia #39;s Cabinet approved the Kyoto Protocol on global warming yesterday, clearing the way for the worldwide adoption of the pact -- despite US opposition -- once the Russian parliament ratifies it as expected.
Bomb scare diverts BA flight A British Airways passenger plane was forced yesterday to make an emergency landing, escorted by two fighter jets, after a security scare.
Maker takes Vioxx off market Merck  amp; Co. yesterday pulled the blockbuster pain medicine Vioxx off the market, announcing that a new company-sponsored study showed the drug doubled the risk 
Northern Rock upbeat on profits Northern Rock says its full-year profit will at least meet analysts #39; consensus forecast due to continued strong lending. The bank NRK.
James Hardie negotiations underway ELEANOR HALL: Talks began today between the former asbestos maker James Hardie, the ACTU and asbestos support groups aimed at reaching a deal to compensate thousands of future victims of the company #39;s products.
General Mills plans nutritional makeover General Mills announced Thursday it will become the first leading food manufacturer to make all of its Big G breakfast cereals, shown in this undated photo, with whole grain.
Records Of Dot.Com Roadkill To Be Saved For Posterity All those failed start-ups from the dot.com boom will nevertheless live on, because the University of Maryland and the Library of Congress (LC) see value in saving their records for posterity in a massive digital archive.
New Induce Act Alarms Foes CD burners, jukebox programs and Wi-Fi routers are just a few of the technologies that could be threatened under a new version of the Induce Act, critics say.
First 3G prototype micro fuel cell unveiled NTT DoCoMo, the top cellular phone operator in Japan, has unveiled what it calls the nation #39;s first prototype micro fuel cell aimed at boosting battery life for its powerful third-generation FOMA handsets.
\$12.5m grant offers teachers a science primer In a third-floor classroom at Charlestown High School, where models of human and animal skulls perch on a shelf near creature-filled specimen jars, teacher Allyson 
Former F1 champ slams axing of British GP Australian Formula One world champion Alan Jones says the sport #39;s administration is making a terrible mistake if it goes ahead with plans to axe the British Grand Prix from next year #39;s schedule.
Suzuki #39;s chase deserves more attention OAKLAND, Calif. -- The media attention on Ichiro Suzuki #39;s pursuit of George Sisler #39;s season hit record has become frenetic.
I was molested on Pitcairn, woman claims A woman testified before a Pitcairn Island #39;s sex abuse trial that she had been molested as a five year-old. Prosecutors charge that Dave Brown - nicknamed  quot;The Mouth quot; - abused five victims, including the five-year-old and another girl, aged under 13.
Now College Grads Can #39;t Find A Job If any student trying to enter the workforce in China should have an easy time finding a plum job, it #39;s Wang Zhaohui. In July, the 30-year-old graduated from China Agricultural University in Beijing -- China #39;s 
Raiders seeking to attack Oklahoma sooner When Texas Tech coach Mike Leach left Oklahoma coach Bob Stoops to accept the head position with the Red Raiders after the 1999 season, he might not have thought his old boss would hold a grudge.
Yen Flat After 'Tankan' Rally  TOKYO (Reuters) - The yen was flat against the dollar on  Friday after a rally on an upbeat reading for the "tankan"  survey of business sentiment petered out in early trade.
One down, one to go All in all, there #39;s a lot happening for a team that #39;s been out of the pennant race for three, maybe four months. Seattle missed a chance to deal a body blow to another contender yesterday.
Study: Musicians Dig the Net Musicians believe the internet is an essential tool to help create and market their work, but at the same time more than half of artists say file sharing of unauthorized copies of music should be illegal, according to a new report.
Answers for those who take Vioxx An estimated 2 million Americans are taking the blockbuster pain reliever Vioxx, which is being withdrawn from the market because of concerns about heart attacks and strokes.
Multiplex May Miss Contracts Should Westfield Buy Chelsfield Multiplex Group, an Australian construction company, may miss out on UK development contracts should Westfield Group #39;s proposal to buy property developer Chelsfield Plc succeed, Merrill Lynch  amp; Co.
PepsiCo Profit Up, Cuts Jobs; Shares Rise PepsiCo Inc. (PEP.N: Quote, Profile, Research) , the world #39;s No. 2 soft drink company, on Thursday said quarterly profit rose due to tax benefits and strong performances 
Lycos pulls antispam screensaver from site Lycos Europe appeared to have pulled a controversial antispam screensaver program from its site, after coming under fire from both security experts and the spammers themselves.
SpaceShipOne team set to fly again Monday The history-making spacecraft designed by aviation pioneer Burt Rutan will blast off Monday morning from a small airport in Mojave, California, in a bid for \$10 million.
Silverstone lost at game of hardball The British Racing Drivers #39; Club tried to play hardball with Bernie Ecclestone and lost, the diminutive impresario revealed after dumping the historic Silverstone race.
Yankees win AL East title NEW YORK - Bernie Williams hit a two-run home run in the ninth inning and the New York Yankees clinched their seventh straight American League East title, beating the Minnesota Twins, 6-4, Thursday night for their 100th victory.
25 dead, scores killed in latest Gaza flare-up GAZA - At least 25 people died in the northern Gaza Strip as violence erupted yesterday between Israeli soldiers and Palestinians.
Debate Down Under The incumbent unapologetically defends his decision to send troops to Iraq. The challenger denounces the Iraq campaign as a distraction from the real war on terrorism and promises to start bringing the troops home.
Blair allows citizenship rights to Gurkhas : World News  gt; London, Sept 30 : The Tony Blair government has allowed the Gurkhas in the British Army to settle in the UK and gain British citizenship.
Cisco, Fujitsu to sell Internet gear Companies to jointly sell routers, operating software in Japan in attempt to increase market share. TOKYO (Reuters) - Fujitsu Ltd.
With Russia's Nod, Treaty on Emissions Clears Last Hurdle Russia's cabinet endorsed the long-delayed Kyoto Protocol on global warming and sent it to Parliament.
Inspector General Says E.P.A. Rule Aids Polluters Legal actions against major polluters have stalled because of the agency's decision to revise rules governing emissions at older coal-fired power plants.
Merck stock plummets on news of Vioxx recall Shares of Merck plunged nearly 27 percent yesterday on news that the pharmaceutical giant was pulling the popular arthritis pain medication Vioxx off the market in the largest drug withdrawal in US history.
Alarcon backs suit against DWP rate hike Stepping up his legal and political battle, state Sen. Richard Alarcon endorsed a class-action lawsuit filed Thursday that challenges the 11 percent water-rate increase the Department of Water and Power imposed this year.
EU, US talks over government subsidies in nose dive A high-stakes dispute over government loans to airplane maker Airbus reached a tipping point yesterday when top trade officials from the United States and Europe failed to find common ground.
Hub schools make grade with \$12.5M science grant A record \$12.5 million grant to be announced today will revolutionize science teaching throughout Boston Public Schools, officials said.
Sun Releases New Version of Java for Servers, Desktops Sun Microsystems Inc. Thursday announced the availability of the J2SE (Java 2 Platform Standard Edition) 5.0, which the company said looks to be the most significant Java upgrade to date.
Lucent partners with Riverstone Lucent Technologies said Thursday that it will partner with Ethernet equipment maker Riverstone Networks to round out its product lineup.
Cech -  #39;fun #39; training sessions (Getty Images) Chelsea goalkeeper Petr Cech has revealed the secret of Jose Mourinho #39;s training ground success so far this season - making the sessions  quot;fun quot; for his players.
TOO MUCH TOO SOON FOR TITO If a week is a long time in politics, just how long is almost three years in boxing? That is how long Felix Trinidad will have been inactive when he meets Nicaraguan wildman Ricardo Mayorga in New York this weekend.
Yankees lock up AL East with 100th win The road to 100 wins is one the Yankees have traveled before. Yet this years trip to triple-digits -- their third in as many years -- was down 
Buehrle tosses 4-hitter at KC KANSAS CITY, Mo. - Mark Buehrle trotted out to the mound in the ninth inning, eager to wrap up his fourth complete game -- a fitting last start of the season for Chicago #39;s most consistent pitcher.
IT Analysts Pick Key Contests Two of the biggest games of the season are on this weekend #39;s SEC slate. Unbeaten Auburn visits unbeaten Tennessee and defending national champ LSU visits unbeaten Georgia.
PLANE BOMB ALERT NO3 the third in a week. BA flight 983 had just left Berlin for London when the  quot;specific threat quot; is believed to have been made through a German TV station.
Koalas to get contraceptives in Australia Koalas in Australia #39;s southeastern state of Victoria will receive contraceptive implants to keep their numbers down. Up to 2,000 female koalas will be implanted with a slow-releasehormone 
Ruling rejected a 1996 Microsoft patent In a preliminary ruling, the government rejected Microsoft #39;s 1996 patent on technology for saving files on computers using easy-to-remember names.
New Standard Java Spec Emerges In what is being called  quot;the most significant enhancement to the Java platform, quot; a consortium of Java-related companies launched the newest version of the Java 2 Standard Edition (J2SE).
Final lap for Silverstone Sports Minister Richard Caborn today categorically ruled out the Government stepping in to provide the cash to save the British Grand Prix at Silverstone.
GIGGS FORESEES VINTAGE UNITED While the Old Trafford outfit have added a Premiership title and an FA Cup to their growing trophy cabinet in the last two seasons, the flamboyant football that characterised their 1999 treble triumph and the two championships that followed has largely 
Izenberg: Trinidad refuses to take shortcuts in comeback He was tired. He had finally lost a fight after 40 straight victories. Since the age of 7, Felix Trinidad Jr. had sparred or ran or skipped rope or hit the heavy bag and the speed bag almost every day.
Indians pitcher shot in leg He was shot with his boots on -- white, patent leather go-go boots, but, hey, this is 2005. And those boots might have saved Cleveland Indians pitcher Kyle Denney from serious injury when a bullet hit one 
Arbour reports Darfur horrors UNITED NATIONSWar crimes have probably occurred on  quot;a large and systematic scale quot; in Sudan #39;s Darfur region and will likely continue, UN envoys Louise Arbour and Juan Mendez said yesterday.
BE PATIENT HOSTAGE Ken Bigley #39;s family met Jack Straw for the first time yesterday to be told:  quot;Be patient. quot;. His son Craig, 33, and brother Philip, 49, saw the Foreign Secretary as 62-year-old Ken 
Doctors work to save Haiti storm survivors With no electricity or running water and short of basics like antibiotics, doctors in makeshift clinics are fighting to save survivors of Tropical Storm Jeanne -ven 
Endangered species at risk from market forces The signatory states to the United Nations Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species (CITES) meet every two to three years to vote on new additions to the list of protected animals, flora and fauna.
Jarvis Says It Needs Fresh Financing to Keep Trading (Update4) Jarvis Plc, the UK engineering company whose debt is more than 15 times its market value, said it may be wound up in the New Year unless it secures new financing arrangements.
Doctors urge patients not to panic after recall of Vioxx TRENTON, NJ -- Merck  amp; Co. withdrew best-selling arthritis drug Vioxx on Thursday after a study showed the drug doubled the risk of heart attacks and strokes.
Microsoft had agreed to sanctions, EU official says European regulators testified in Luxembourg yesterday that before settlement talks with Microsoft broke down last spring, the company had agreed to antitrust sanctions it now 
Ronin says target statement due soon Takeover target Ronin Property Group said it would respond to an offer by Multiplex Group for all the securities in the company in about three weeks.
Raymond James sued by SEC Raymond James Financial Inc., a brokerage with 2,200 offices that #39;s based in St. Petersburg, Fla., and the company #39;s former president were sued by the Securities and Exchange 
FRITO-LAY dumps jobs Downriver economic development officials geared up Thursday to deal with the latest blow to area manufacturing workers, the closing of the Frito-Lay plant in Allen Park with its loss of nearly 400 jobs.
Open Office XML May Satisfy ISO Microsoft #39;s (Quote, Chart) dominance on the desktop may turn out to be Sun Microsystems #39; (Quote, Chart) gain in the end. A letter to Sun Microsystems #39; COO Jonathan Schwartz by the European Commission (EC) this 
BCCI likens cricket to beauty pageants NEW DELHI, SEPT 30: The Board of Control for Cricket in India (BCCI) on Thursday countered the Union governments argument in the Supreme Court that the cricket board represents the state.
What they #39;re saying about Ichiro No devalued currency here. No plastic parts. In a time when action is stopped every other night in every sport to celebrate another  quot;milestone quot; with the presentation of a new SUV and a lifetime pass to immortality, Ichiro #39;s work stands pretty much alone.
Notebook: Parcells has dodged his players #39; punches Bill Parcells #39; players have tried to hit him -nd that #39;s just fine with the two-time Super Bowl-champion coach.  quot;We #39;ve had a few quot; players take a swing at him, Parcells 
Most Israelis Oppose Strike on Iran for Now -Poll Most Israelis want to await the outcome of international pressure on Iran over its nuclear program rather than consider a pre-emptive military strike on their arch-foe #39;s reactors, a poll published on Friday said.
Auto supplier Intermet files for bankruptcy aid Troy-based Intermet Corp., one of the country #39;s largest metal casters, with a history dating to 1846, filed for bankruptcy protection Thursday, citing rising steel costs, problems at some 
The Decline and Fall of Canada? The New York Times has recently run a piece pondering the renowned nation of Canada, and whether it has fallen from its once lofty heights of international greatness.    "A country is not just a health system."  This is the sentiment of one of a few Canadian authors recently lamenting the decline of Canadian engagement around the world.  The question then becomes: what makes a nation great?  Why would Canadians resent the place of  their placid and peaceful country?  And, what does this say about the roles taken on by other influential nations around the world?
Hi-tech thieves target businesses Hi-tech criminals are stealing key business data and ransoming it back to the firms they stole it from, say police.
Microsoft defence enters day two Microsoft's legal fight against EU antitrust penalties enters its second day as focus turns to its media player.
Oil Above  #36;49 on Nigeria, G7 Worries (Reuters) Reuters - Oil prices held steady above  #36;49 on\Friday as market unease persisted over supply security in
Asia Shares Higher on BOJ Survey; Gold Up (Reuters) Reuters - Asian stocks rose on Friday as an\upbeat Japanese corporate sentiment survey cheered investors,\while gold prices traded at a 5-1/2-month high on concerns that\high energy costs would lift inflation.
Oil prices rebound on OPEC, Nigeria jitters Analysts say OPEC could cut of oil production quota on Fridays meeting if US oil prices keep sliding. LONDON - Oil prices rebounded Monday after falling sharply last week on receding supply worries, buoyed 
Oil Above \$49 on Nigeria, G7 Worries  SINGAPORE (Reuters) - Oil prices held steady above \$49 on  Friday as market unease persisted over supply security in  Nigeria, despite peace talks, while the world's richest nations  suggested oil resources were scarcer than first thought.
The profits of patience  Stephen R. Karp is known for his shopping malls. And his patience. He waited all of August while Lennar Corp.'s deal to purchase Fan Pier on the South Boston Waterfront imploded, then plunked down a \$2.5 million deposit to secure what is considered one of the most promising development sites in the Northeast.
Study backs Hanscom, Natick site Hanscom Air Force Base and the Natick Soldier Systems Center pump more than \$3 billion into the Massachusetts economy, and their closure would damage the state's vital technology and research cluster, according to a study released yesterday.
Surging gas costs hamper spending  WASHINGTON -- Consumers were tightfisted amid soaring gasoline costs in August and hurricane-related disruptions last week sent applications for jobless benefits to their highest level in seven months.
Nigeria fears push up oil  NEW YORK -- Crude oil futures briefly climbed back over \$50 a barrel yesterday, with worries over the security of Nigerian supplies supporting prices despite a surprise increase in US crude inventories.
Raymond James sued by SEC  Raymond James Financial Inc. , a brokerage with 2,200 offices that's based in St. Petersburg, Fla., and the company's former president were sued by the Securities and Exchange Commission for failing to police a broker accused of stealing from investors.
Forstmann Little to buy sports, talent agency IMG CLEVELAND -- International Management Group, a sports and celebrity management and marketing firm that has represented Tiger Woods, Joe Montana, and Derek Jeter, is being sold to a New York buyout specialist firm in a cash deal valued at more than \$700 million.
General Mills to undergo a whole-grain makeover MINNEAPOLIS -- The Trix Rabbit and the Lucky Charms leprechaun are going on a whole-grain diet.
Microsoft seeks to suspend EU order  LUXEMBOURG -- Microsoft Corp. told a European Union court yesterday that it would suffer irreparable harm if forced to reveal more of its software code to rivals, while the EU said such information was crucial to keep competitors alive.
Rival stent tops Taxus in study NEW YORK -- Results of a Korean study released yesterday show Cordis Corp.'s Cypher drug-coated stent outperformed Boston Scientific Corp.'s Taxus Express2 stent in a multicenter study.
Westfield lands \$1.48b. knock out blow to Multiplex Westfield Group has upped the ante in its expansion plans into the United Kingdom retail market with a \$1.48 billion cash bid to buy out Duelguide plc, the company which owns retail property group Chelsfield plc.
FINANCIAL HEADLINES: Kmart considering Atlanta, reports say Add Atlanta to the list of potential sites for Kmart Holding Corp. #39;s new headquarters. The Troy-based company with about 2,000 corporate employees is looking for up to 300,000 square feet of office space, Atlanta media are reporting this week.
Nortel details its job cuts, including 1,400 in US TORONTO -- Nortel Networks yesterday gave details of a previously announced job cut program, saying it is cutting 1,400 positions in the United States by next June.
Airbus plans new jet to fend off Boeing Fanning an already hot business rivalry, Airbus is working on a new plane to compete with Boeing #39;s pending 7E7 widebody jet. Meanwhile, US and European Union trade negotiators 
Red Hat acquires security software Red Hat said Thursday that it will pay \$20.5 million for Netscape security software that will expand the Raleigh company #39;s product offerings and boost revenue.
Mount Hood still rumbles at times Mount Hood, the sleeping volcano that rises just east of the city, last erupted just before Lewis and Clark arrived in the area in 1805.
Microsoft vows fight over FAT patent IN A preliminary ruling, the US government has rejected Microsoft #39;s 1996 patent on technology for saving files on computers using easy-to-remember names.
Porn pics further poisoned with virus USENET PROVIDER Easynews says that it has turned up postings of porn pictures that are laced with a program that exploits the Windows JPEG glitch.
Prasar Bharati claims its bid higher than Sony New Delhi, October 1: The issue of telecast rights for the upcoming India-Australia Test cricket series turned more complex on Friday with the Prasar Bharati saying it was an  quot;aggrieved party quot; as it was a higher bidder than Sony TV in the original tender 
Colorado (3-0) At Missouri (2-1) GAME NOTES: Big 12 rivals clash in Columbia this weekend as Brad Smith and the Missouri Tigers play host to the surprisingly undefeated Buffaloes of Colorado.
Former Lebanese Cabinet minister wounded in Beirut car bombing BEIRUT, Lebanon: A car bomb exploded in Beirut early Friday, wounding former Lebanese Cabinet minister Marwan Hamadeh and killing his driver, security officials said.
Bomber  #39;Asked Wife #39;s Permission to Die A Martyr #39; Indonesian police have identified the suspected suicide bomber who attacked the Australian Embassy, and said the 30-year-old had written a letter to his wife asking permission to die a martyr.
Yanks clinch East on Bernies blast The Yankees had a chance to throw a party in their own home Thursday night, the kind where the champagne flows into everything but a glass.
Runner for the ages It is a tribute to his fighting spirit that Evening Attire, at the relatively advanced age of 6, is still a serious factor in a \$1 million race.
Samsung to expand in chips SEOUL Samsung Electronics announced on Monday that it would be investing 25 trillion won in new chip production lines in the next six years, a move that it expects will create 10,000 jobs.
Britain's Blair Faces Heart Op, Vows to Lead On  LONDON (Reuters) - British Prime Minister Tony Blair went  to hospital on Friday to correct recurrent heart palpitations,  but he vowed to serve a full third term in office if he wins an  election expected next year.
Liberia refugees return home Some 100,000 Liberians, who fled 14 years of war, are being sent home a year after the fighting ended.
More Australia child porn arrests Australian police make more arrests in a child pornography crackdown, as the first people charged appear in court.
Ex-minister hurt in Beirut blast A bomb has gone off in the Lebanese capital Beirut, injuring a former minister and killing his driver.
Afghan refugees register to vote Afghan refugees living in Pakistan are registering to take part in next week's landmark presidential elections.
Bombs kill 35 children in Iraq  BAGHDAD -- A string of car bombs killed 35 children and seven other Iraqis and wounded scores as US troops handed out candy yesterday at a government-sponsored celebration to inaugurate a sewage plant. It was the largest death toll of children in any insurgent attack since the start of the Iraq conflict.
Russian Cabinet OK's Kyoto pact  MOSCOW -- Russia's Cabinet approved the worldwide Kyoto Protocol on global warming yesterday, clearing the way for implementation of the long-delayed United Nations pact.
Lootings delay aid in Haiti GONAIVES, Haiti -- While desperately hungry flood victims wander the streets of Gonaives searching for help, tons of food aid is stacking up in a warehouse guarded by United Nations peacekeepers.
Sovereignty over waters returned to Iraq  UMM QASR, Iraq -- Iraq regained sovereignty over its territorial waters yesterday, with the US-led coalition handing over responsibility for safeguarding adjacent seas to the country's navy.
Pakistan arrests Libyan suspected of Qaeda ties PESHAWAR, Pakistan -- Pakistani intelligence agents arrested a Libyan on suspicion of having links to Al Qaeda after raiding a home on the outskirts of this northwestern city yesterday, security officials said.
Envoys say war crimes probable in Darfur UNITED NATIONS -- UN envoys told the Security Council yesterday that war crimes had probably taken place on  quot;a large and systematic scale quot; in Sudan's Darfur region and called for foreign police to help stop abuses.
Asian vultures need vet drug ban The veterinary drug blamed for killing South Asia's vultures should be banned now, conservationists say.
Blair to Undergo 'Routine' Heart Procedure LONDON - British Prime Minister was to undergo a "routine" medical procedure Friday to correct an irregular heartbeat, the second time in about a year doctors have tended to the condition.    Hoping to reassure the public, Blair also announced that he intends to serve a full third term if his party is re-elected in national elections expected next year...
House Defeats Gay Marriage Ban Amendment WASHINGTON - The House followed the Senate in decisively rejecting a constitutional amendment banning gay marriage, ending for this year debate on what has become the dominant issue for the Republican Party's conservative base.    The 227-186 vote in the House Thursday was well short of the two-thirds majority needed to advance a constitutional amendment, but fulfilled a promise by backers to get lawmakers on the record on the highly sensitive issue in the run-up to Election Day...
U.S. and Iraqi Forces Attack Insurgents SAMARRA, Iraq - U.S. and Iraqi forces launched a major assault Friday to regain control of the insurgent stronghold of Samarra, and hospital officials said at least 21 people were killed and 35 wounded...
Blair to Undergo 'Routine' Heart Procedure LONDON - British Prime Minister was to undergo a "routine" medical procedure Friday to correct an irregular heartbeat, the second time in about a year doctors have tended to the condition.    Hoping to reassure the public, Tony Blair also announced that he intends to serve a full third term if his party is re-elected in national elections expected next year...
From the Debate The following are excerpts from the first presidential debate between President Bush and Sen. John F. Kerry:
IBM reaches pension accord IBM said Wednesday it had agreed to pay \$320 million to its employees to settle in part a class-action lawsuit over its pension plan in a case that will affect millions of workers at many companies and nonprofits.
LONDON MARKETS LONDON (CBS.MW) - London markets edged higher Friday as oil prices eased and Northern Rock confirmed it would meet analysts #39; full-year profit expectations.
Nortel Net #39;s job cuts include 1,400 in US TORONTO  Nortel Networks Corp. gave details of a previously announced job cut program Thursday, saying it is cutting 1,400 in the United States by next June.
Schools sue over special-ed funding Eleven school districts filed a lawsuit Thursday aimed at forcing the state to pay more for special education. The school districts, including Bethel and Federal Way, collectively represent more than 20,000 special-education students.
Red Hat buys technology from Netscape Seattle, October 1: Linux distributor Red Hat Inc said on Thursday that it had bought Netscape #39;s computer user identification and management technology from America Online Inc, a unit of Time Warner Inc.
Mount St. Helens a volcanic  #39;ring of fire #39; Three or four times every minute, Mount St. Helens shivers. Sometimes the majestic peak even shudders, the trembling beneath reaching a crescendo, a magnitude of 3.3.
Koalas to get contraceptives KOALA bears are to be implanted with contraceptives to keep their numbers down and stop them munching the landscape bare at an Australian national park.
WOODS #39; BRAVEST ROUND It was not the lowest round of his career and nor was it the best of the day. But the four-under-par 68 produced by a suffering Tiger Woods in the opening round of the American Express world championship at 
Ten Sports and Sony to assist BCCI in live coverage : Sports India: Cricket  gt; Kolkata, Sep 30 : The ongoing battle for telecast rights took a new twist today with the Cricket Board announcing that it would arrange for live coverage of the upcoming tournaments with the help of Ten Sports and Sony 
Sports Briefs column Bernie Williams sent a drive soaring to left-centre field, raised his right arm in triumph and circled the bases. Pretty soon, he was home -- and so were the New York Yankees.
Pound suggests Hamilton skirted justice WADA chief suggests cyclist got away with doping: Tyler Hamilton #39;s title from the Athens Games is  quot;no longer a gold medal in the eyes of the world quot; because of the cyclist #39;s failed drug test, the head of the World Anti-Doping Agency said.
Rooneys Champions League hat-trick: reaction from Nistelrooy &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Manchester, 1:30pm GMT - Wayne Rooney #39;s Man United debut in the 6-2 Champions League rout of Fenerbahce saw Sir Alex Ferguson and Ruud van Nistelrooy speculating on record breaking things to come from the England 18 year-old star.
Cricket racism probe drama The International Cricket Council #39;s racism inquiry in Harare ended in a shambles on Thursday with the two-man panel unable to crack the deadlock between the rebel white players and the Zimbabwe Cricket Board.
Peace Rules retired; Jockey Club Gold Cup field dwindles Peace Rules has been retired after a slight injury to the colt #39;s left front leg was discovered during training for Saturday #39;s \$1 million Jockey Club Gold Cup at Belmont Park.
Blair Enters Hospital for Heart, Seeks One More Term (Update1) UK Prime Minister Tony Blair was admitted to a London hospital today for an operation to correct a heart flutter. Announcing the treatment late yesterday, Blair committed to serving a 
From Baghdad A Wall Street Journal Reporter #39;s E-Mail to Friends Being a foreign correspondent in Baghdad these days is like being under virtual house arrest. Forget about the reasons that lured me to this job: a chance to see the world, explore the exotic 
Handing out A -- for advantage It's a no-brainer, a Red Sox pitcher suggested when he was asked which team he would rather face in the postseason.
Success breeds success In the final hour before each Acton-Boxboro High School football game, someone allows Eminem into the locker room. He speaks his high-pitched piece, and his pulsating beats make heads bob throughout the room. Then the CD player advances to the next track, and hip-hop makes way for a sing-along from AC/DC, followed by tunes from  quot;Rocky quot; soundtracks. Every ...
Giants win, tie Astros in wild race Jerome Williams pitched seven strong innings in his first start in two months and the San Francisco Giants jumped back into a tie for the wild-card lead by beating the Padres, 4-1, last night in San Diego.
NL notables The Cubs' Sammy Sosa , just 3 for 22 in his previous six games, hit his 34th homer in the sixth -- the 573d of his career, tying Harmon Killebrew for seventh place on the career list.
Down to the wire in West Ichiro Suzuki went home without the major league hits record, thanks to Oakland's determined pitching staff -- and a much bigger hit by shortstop Bobby Crosby.
Yankees' 100th clinches division Bernie Williams sent a drive soaring to left-center field, raised his right arm in triumph, and circled the bases.
AL notables Oakland won the season series against Seattle for the first time since 2000. Angels' Vladimir Guerrero matched a career high for hits with his fifth four-hit game this season and 15th in his career. It was the second two-homer game this week for Guerrero, who has 38 this year and is hitting .338 with a team-record 123 runs and 124 ...
But seriously folks Three weeks does not a season make, but it's enough of an indicator to form opinions strong enough to put into motion.
Former Steelers, Maine player Strzelczyk dies after highway chase, crash Justin Strzelczyk , a former player for the Pittsburgh Steelers and the University of Maine, died yesterday in a fiery head-on collision with a tanker truck in Herkimer, N.Y., after he led state troopers on a 40-mile highway chase during morning rush hour. Strzelczyk, 36, was an offensive lineman with the Steelers for nearly a decade until the team released ...
Patriots are leaders in high-tech field, too In August, 1.2 million users visited the Patriots' website, www.patriots.com. Chances are, those who returned to the team's Internet home this week noticed only minor cosmetic changes, not the complete overhaul that has been done behind the scenes over the past seven months.
NFL games on TV NY JETS (2-0) at MIAMI (0-3) When/where: Sunday, 4 p.m., at Miami. TV: Ch. 4. Last season: Miami won, 21-10 and 23-21. Comments: The Jets are coming off a bye week, while the Dolphins lost to the Steelers in a hurricane last weekend. Jay Fiedler reportedly will be back starting at quarterback for Miami, in place of an ineffective A.J. ...
Weaver suddenly in a tight spot Jed Weaver knows a little something about the Patriots from his years in Miami. He also attended the wedding of his friend, Patriots special team specialist Larry Izzo . Now all the newest addition to the New England roster has to do is learn the offense.
Revolution need final kick for playoff push Rusty Pierce symbolized the Revolution's break with the past when he joined the team in 2000. The Revolution had qualified for the MLS playoffs once in their first four seasons, then advanced to the playoffs in three of the next four.
Celtics tickets on sale Tickets for individual Celtics home games for the 2004-05 season will go on sale today at 11 a.m.
Injuries prevent Fox from continuing career Rick Fox made it official yesterday: He will not be coming through any door to have a second go-round with the Celtics. As shockers go, this one is slightly behind  quot;Dewey Defeats Truman. quot;
A little game between friends Before they were Eagles at Boston College, and before they were Hawks at Xaverian Brothers High, Peter Shean and Nathanael Hasselbeck were Vikings on the same Pop Warner football team. Through the years, Shean and Hasselbeck forged an inseparable bond.
Colorado back in game At the start of the season, they were in the also-ran bin. Not on anyone's radar screen nationally, or even in the Big 12, for that matter. But a month into the 2004 season, look at what the Colorado Buffaloes have done.
Key New England games NORTHEASTERN (2-1) vs. WILLIAM  amp; MARY (2-1) When/where: Tomorrow, 1 p.m., Williamsburg, Va. Radio: WJIB (740 AM). Last season: NU won, 48-14. Comments: The Huskies crushed Towson last Saturday, 27-3. Senior FS Gavin Potter was named Atlantic 10 defensive player of the week for his 10-tackle, 2-interception, 1-sack game. Junior TB Anthony Riley had 117 rushing yards. William  amp; Mary ...
Third Oxfam Formula 1 Auction offers 24 items of Renault F1 Team memorabilia For the third year in succession, the Renault F1 Team is joining forces with Oxfam, the international development charity, to raise money for its work around the world.
Northern Rock upbeat as loans surge Northern Rock #39;s full-year profit will at least meet analysts #39; expectations as the mortgage bank continues to pile on business despite the slowing housing market.
School districts sue state over special-ed funding OLYMPIA - A coalition of 11 school districts filed a lawsuit against the state yesterday, arguing the Legislature has not lived up to its constitutional obligation to fully fund special education.
Red Hat buys Netscape bits LINUX DISTRIBUTOR Red Hat has shelled out \$23 million to buy Netscape Communications #39; Security Solutions unit from AOL. The deal means that Red Hat will get the Netscape Directory Server and Netscape Certificate 
Souness praises fab four Graeme Souness believes he has the best attack in the country after Alan Shearer and Patrick Kluivert dismantled Hapoel Bnei Sakhnin in Newcastle #39;s 5-1 UEFA Cup win in Tel Aviv.
Red Hat to acquire Netscape network security software Red Hat has announced plans to acquire network security software from Netscape #39;s Enterprise Suite, adding it to its Open Source Architecture, The company says they will distribute it as open-source software, according to statements from company executives 
Sun Microsystems teams up on supercomputer Sun Microsystems and the University of Texas at Austin are set to flip the switch on a unique supercomputer that will vastly speed up massive data analysis and visualisation to tackle time-critical problems such as weather 
Searching for Substance: Web Browser Olympic Scorecard Nigel McFarlane boils down all the competition between browsers into a single score for each browser. Take this article to your local second-hand browser dealer to test his honesty.
After the crash, luck for NASA As recovery teams examined the mangled NASA Genesis probe lodged in the floor of Utah #39;s west desert earlier this month, a crew member spotted a horseshoe in the sand.
Yankees back for more Bernie Williams looked out from the on-deck circle at the place he has called home longer than any other of the Yankees. It was the last of the ninth, tie score and the division 
CHIEFS OUT TO AVOID 0-4 START Heading into Monday night #39;s game against the Baltimore Ravens, the Kansas City Chiefs are looking to avoid going 0-4 for the first time since 1980.
Gus Dur asked to help free two Indonesian women kidnapped in Iraq JAKARTA (Antara): The Ministry of Foreign Affairs asked former president Abdurrahman  quot;Gus Dur quot; Wahid on Friday to help free Rosidah binti Anom and Rafikan binti Amin -- two Indonesian women who were kidnapped in Iraq.
More than 500 Australians in child porn inquiry More than 500 Australians could be involved in child pornography on the Internet, Australia #39;s top police officer says after nationwide raids saw more than 200 people charged with over 2,000 child pornography offences.
Nigerian Leader Scolds Delta Officials, Militants Nigerian President Olusegun Obasanjo castigated elected officials in the oil-producing Niger Delta on Friday for failing to care more for their impoverished people as talks 
Microsoft Tells Judge of Harm in Changing Windows  LUXEMBOURG (Reuters) - Microsoft Corp will suffer serious  harm if it is forced to provide a version of Windows without  Windows Media Player audio-visual software, its lawyer told a  European Union court on Friday.
SpaceShipOne goes for next flight SpaceShipOne, the rocket plane that blasted into space on Wednesday in the first of its \$10m Ansari X-Prize flights, will launch again on Monday.
Merck plummets as drug pulled Pharmaceutical titan Merck  amp; Co. Inc. yesterday pulled its blockbuster arthritis drug Vioxx off the market, citing safety concerns, thereby triggering a massive selloff in the company #39;s shares that wiped out nearly US\$27-billion of Merck #39;s market value.
Microsoft Tells Judge of Harm in Changing Windows Microsoft Corp will suffer serious harm if it is forced to provide a version of Windows without Windows Media Player audio-visual software, its lawyer told a European Union court on Friday.
IBM claim to own  #39;fastest supercomputer #39;  quot;The fact that non-US vendor like NEC had the fastest computer was seen as a big challenge for US computer industry, quot; said Horst Simon, director of the supercomputing centre at Lawrence Berkeley Labs in California.
Gartner Linux piracy claim is pants A CLAIM by IT experts the Gartner Group that Linux downloads are a cover for piracy has been dismissed by the Open Source Industry Association (OSIA).
University to set up archive of bust dot com company business &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Budding entrepreneurs and historians of the future will be able to look back on the madness of the dot com boom. The University of Maryland has received government and private grants to archive the business 
Asteroid Toutatis Cape Town - If the giant asteroid Toutatis, which closely missed earth on Wednesday, hit a place such as the Mother City, the entire city and all its suburbs would have disappeared in an instant.
Ecclestone rebuke as Silverstone dropped BERNIE ECCLESTONE has hit out at Silverstone #39;s owners, describing the track as  quot;embarrassing quot; just hours after axing it from the Formula One calendar.
Classy Kluivert Newcastle United romped into the group stages of the UEFA Cup with a 5-1 win away to Hapoel Bnei Sakhnin that completed a 7-1 aggregate victory in the first round.
Ailing Fox closes curtain on career When he was taken with the 24th pick on draft night in 1991, and introduced to a room of puzzled Boston media and season ticket-holders, an impatient Red Auerbach snapped back from the head 
Nigerian Leader Scolds Delta Officials, Militants  ABUJA (Reuters) - Nigerian President Olusegun Obasanjo  castigated elected officials in the oil-producing Niger Delta  on Friday for failing to care more for their impoverished  people as talks with a rebel leader to avert an explosion of  violence there entered a third day.
US Sticks to Kyoto Rejection The United States has reiterated its rejection of the Kyoto Protocol on global warming despite renewed pressure to yield after Russia ended years of hesitation by moving to ratify the treaty.
Waziristan mine kills 3 children Three children have been killed by a landmine in Pakistan #39;s tribal region of South Waziristan, officials say. The children, including two brothers and aged between nine and 13, triggered the mine near the main town of Wana, they said.
Dozens Killed in U.S. Offensive in Iraq U.S. and Iraqi forces launched a major assault Friday to regain control of the insurgent stronghold of Samarra, and hospital officials said at least 80 people were killed.
Blast at Shiite Mosque in Pakistan Kills at Least 10 An explosion ripped through a Shiite Muslim mosque in Sialkot during Friday prayers, killing at least 10 people and wounding dozens, police said.
Bombing in Lebanon Wounds Cabinet Minister BEIRUT, Lebanon - A car bomb exploded Friday in central Beirut, wounding a former Lebanese Cabinet minister and killing his driver, officials said.    Former Economy Minister Marwar Hamadeh reportedly suffered minor wounds and was in stable condition...
Navistar Up 2.7 Percent in Pre-Trade  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Shares of Navistar International Corp.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=NAV.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;NAV.N&lt;/A&gt; rose 2.7 percent before the bell on Monday after the  commercial truck maker said it expects higher fourth-quarter  earnings and revenue.
Transactions BASEBALL Chicago (AL): Activated P Scott Schoeneweis from the 15-day DL. New York (NL): Named Omar Minaya general manager/executive vice president of baseball operations and signed him to five-year contract; named Jim Duquette senior vice president of baseball operations.
Runner for the ages It is a tribute to his fighting spirit that Evening Attire, at the relatively advanced age of 6, is still a serious factor in a \$1 million race. He is a force to be reckoned with in tomorrow's Jockey Club Gold Cup at Belmont Park, an event he won in 2002, and he is going to keep racing as long ...
All's Fair in Space War Should war move into space, the U.S. military has a plan. And not being an enemy doesn't necessarily mean your satellites and ground-control mechanisms aren't targets. By Noah Shachtman.
Solution for Slashdot Effect? Slashdot is so popular that traffic from its links can cripple small websites, sometimes for days. So a couple of fans have set up a site called Mirrordot to alleviate the problem by hosting copies of sites mentioned on Slashdot. By Daniel Terdiman.
Mobile-Phone Ban May Be Near End Tired of listening to travelers yakking on their cell phones in the airport lounge? You may have to put up it with in the cabin too, as regulators consider scrapping rules that ban use of most wireless devices in flight. By Joanna Glasner.
Getting Closer, Yet Farther Away What happens in the online world can be a freeing experience. Sometimes too freeing, so be careful out there. Commentary by Gina Lynn.
Diebold Loses Key Copyright Case A California judge says Diebold Election Systems broke the law when it threatened students for posting internal company memos on the web. Advocates say this is a precedent-setting victory for free speech on the web, and a warning to litigious companies. By Kim Zetter.
Secrets of the CO2 Eaters Unraveling the genetic map of diatoms -- microscopic sea creatures -- could pay big dividends in defending the world's ecological systems. By Kristen Philipkoski.
Point. Shoot. Kiss It Good-Bye Your hard drive is overflowing with gazillions of digital pics. DSC00234.jpg might as well be labeled don't_know_don't_care.jpg. Here is the quest to build the photo archive of the future. By David Weinberger from Wired magazine.
ID Rule Exists, But Can't Be Seen Justice Department lawyers say there is indeed a rule requiring passengers to show ID at the airport before boarding a plane, but they say the exact wording of the rule can't be read by the public and can't be challenged. By Ryan Singel.
Arnold Vetoes Privacy Bill California Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger says the bill, which would have required businesses to tell employees that their e-mail and internet usage were being monitored, was overly broad. By Mark Sullivan.
RIAA Fires New Round of Volleys The music group says it's filed suits against 762 people it suspects of song swapping, including students from 26 different colleges and universities. The RIAA has now sued roughly 5,400 people over the past year.
Can't We All Just Get Along? Tim Berners-Lee, the man who invented the web, says the medium will never realize its potential unless everyone involved can agree on standards that let computers more easily communicate with each other.
Merck stock plummets on drug news The share price of US drugs giant Merck falls to an eight-year low after it announces that it has been forced to withdraw a key drug on side effect fears.
Bad start, injuries can #39;t stop Liberty #39;s drive The New York Liberty has overcome injuries to key players, a coaching change and a switch in home arenas to reach the Eastern Conference finals with only nine active players.
Evening Attire is wearing well While horses continue to fall off an extremely bumpy road to the Breeders #39; Cup World Thoroughbred Championships, Evening Attire keeps on trucking.
Blair faces surgery for heart flutter LONDONBritish Prime Minister Tony Blair undergoes a procedure to correct heart palpitations today - hours after dramatically announcing that he wants to serve no more than a third term in office.
Bird flu case played down BANGKOKThailand said yesterday it had found its first known probable case of a human being infecting another with bird flu, but insisted it was an isolated incident that posed little risk to the greater population.
Indonesian police announce identity of embassy attacker : Indonesian police announced Friday the identity of the suspected suicide bomber who attacked the Australian Embassy last month killing nine people, including himself.
Deaths in blast at Pakistan mosque ISLAMABAD, Pakistan -- An explosion ripped through a Shiite Muslim mosque in the eastern Pakistani city of Sialkot during Friday prayers, killing several people and injuring dozens of others, wire reports say.
More than 900,000 volunteers begin war on bird flu in Thailand BANGKOK : Thailand launched its month-long war on bird flu with more than 900,000 volunteers carrying out house-to-house checks for signs of the disease, a senior health official said.
Improved power management planned for Opteron Computers built with Advanced Micro Devices' Opteron processor soon will be able to take advantage of the same power management technology the company has already built into its laptop and desktop microchips.
Toyota plans more Prius sales in US Toyota Motor Corp., the world #39;s largest seller of gasoline-electric automobiles, will double the number of Prius hybrid cars for sale in the United States next year to reduce the waiting period for customers.
A tiny critter #39;s day in the sun They produce as much organic carbon as all the rainforests on Earth, but they #39;re not plants. They live in hard shells and can survive for months in the dark, but they #39;re not animals.
Is Wayne Rooney #39;s ripped shirt cool or not? Footie wonderboy Wayne Rooney might have scored a hat-trick on his Manchester United debut, but it didn #39;t stop him getting a telling off afterwards.
Kevin, Jason on roster? Jason Giambi and Kevin Brown were linked earlier this season because they both contracted an intestinal parasite, and now they #39;re linked for a different reason.
Minaya: free to be real boss? The Mets #39; big message at Omar Minaya #39;s surprise coronation yesterday was that Minaya has  quot;full autonomy, quot; baseballese for the power to make any decisions related to baseball.
Russia #39;s Kyoto Decision Resonates in Australia #39;s Election Campaign Russia #39;s announcement that it will ratify the Kyoto Protocol -- a decision crucial to the treaty coming into force -- has catapulted the issue onto 
UK aims to be major space player Science minister Lord Sainsbury says the UK will remain key to the Aurora programme and will head back to Mars.
Studies confirm findings Clinic from 3 years ago Three years after cardiologists at the Cleveland Clinic warned of the dangers of the popular arthritis drug Vioxx, subsequent studies have found that the medication puts patients at greater risk of heart attacks and strokes.
UCB up after deal to sell unit to Cytec for \$1.86 bln LONDON (CBS.MW) -- Belgian pharmaceutical UCB rose 1.2 percent in mid-morning trade after the group agreed to sell its Surface Specialties business to Cytec Industries (CYT) for 1.5 billion euros (\$1.
SpaceShipOne goes for next flight Rocket plane SpaceShipOne is to attempt a second space flight on Monday in a bid to clinch the \$10m Ansari X-Prize. Judges officially confirmed that pilot Mike Melvill took the craft to 103km (64 miles) on Wednesday #39;s first flight.
Secrets of the CO 2 Eaters The genetic map of a type of teeny-weeny ocean algae could have a big impact on how scientists try to protect the Earth #39;s oceans from greenhouse gases.
He #39;s glad to stand, cheer for old  #39;SC Indians pitcher Kyle Denney will never complain about having to dress like a cheerleader again. The white go-go boots that went with the outfit might have prevented a bullet from seriously injuring his leg.
The valiant fight of the Bigley family This fact has never been better evidenced than by watching the astonishing way in which the family of Iraq hostage Ken Bigley have waged their own campaign for his release.
Blast kills at least 10 at Shiite mosque in eastern Pakistan ISLAMABAD, Pakistan At least ten people have been killed in an explosion that ripped through a Shiite Muslim mosque in an eastern Pakistani city during prayers today.
Mobiles get magnifier software Magnification software to help visually impaired people use mobiles has been developed by a Spanish firm.
Nigeria Army Says Routine Patrols Operate in Delta  ABUJA (Reuters) - The Nigerian army said on Friday routine  patrols were still operating in the Niger delta despite a truce  agreed between the government and rebel militia while talks  proceed in the capital Abuja.
Samsung to make \$24B chip investment by 2010 Samsung Electronics plans to invest 25 trillion won (\$24 billion) in building new semiconductor production lines by 2010, the company said Monday.
Blair Heart Op Sparks Succession Debate  LONDON (Reuters) - Britain's Tony Blair went into hospital  on Friday for heart treatment -- but first sought to quell  speculation over his future by pledging to serve a full third  term if re-elected.
Suicide Bomber Kills at Least 18 in Pakistani Mosque  ISLAMABAD (Reuters) - A suicide bomber killed at least 18  people in a mosque packed with worshippers and wounded more  than 40 during Friday prayers in the eastern Pakistani city of  Sialkot, police said.
Israeli Shelling Kills 3 in Gaza Camp -Witnesses  GAZA (Reuters) - Israeli forces hunting Palestinian  militants shelled a Gaza Strip refugee camp on Friday, killing  at least three people and wounding several others, witnesses  and medical officials said.
Bush, Kerry Differ on Approach to North Korea  SEOUL (Reuters) - President Bush and his rival, Senator  John Kerry, may have clashed over how to stop North Korea's  nuclear plans but their policies are not as far apart as their  first debate suggested, analysts said on Friday.
Arthritis drug pulled by maker Before Eileen Burden began taking the popular arthritis drug Vioxx, her joints ached so much she could barely get dressed in the morning.
Cytec pays \$1.85bn for UCB unit Cytec Industries Inc. is buying the chemicals division of Belgian drugs company UCB in a 1.5 billion euro (\$1.85 billion) cash and stock deal, the US specialty chemical firm said on Friday.
Aon searching for new CEO, as Ryan steps down Patrick Ryan, a titan of the insurance industry and fixture of Chicago-area business and civic institutions, revealed plans to step down as chief executive of Aon Corp.
HMOs get an annual checkup California health maintenance organizations continue to show improvements in quality but fall short in areas such as vaccinating adults with flu shots and persuading smokers to kick their cigarette habit.
Fannie Mae Earnings at Issue Mortgage giant Fannie Mae, under investigation by regulators and ordered to revamp its accounting, may have to restate its past earnings, a federal agency said Thursday.
Red Hat buys Netscape Enterprise Suite technologies Under the terms of the agreement Red Hat will obtain products derived from the Netscape Enterprise Suite, including Netscape Directory Server and Netscape Certificate Management System.
USPTO trims FAT from Microsoft patents Plans by Microsoft Corp to charge royalties on a library of patents are looking uncertain after the US Patent and Trademark Office rejected a key software patent claimed by the company.
Java Mustang following Tiger Sun Microsystems Inc is courting community views for the next version of Java 2 Standard Edition, the foundation stone of Java scheduled for spring 2006.
Opposition delays anti iPod bill Lawmakers at the Senate have delayed a controversial bill that would make it easier to sue online file-trading networks because there is too much opposition to it.
Weep for the British Grand Prix The British Grand Prix debacle, which we forecast yesterday, was inevitable, given the parties involved in the negotiations. The race will no doubt return one day to the Formula 1 calendar but that is not 
FOOTBALL: AL: IT #39;S TIME TOON WENT ALL THE WAY HAT-TRICK hero Alan Shearer is aiming to fire Newcastle all the way to the UEFA Cup Final this season. After his treble and a double from Patrick Kluivert polished off their Israeli opponents, Shearer said 
Prasar Bharti to challenge BCCI decision in Supreme Court New Delhi, Oct. 1 (PTI): Stung by the BCCI decision to award telecast rights for the India-Australia Test series to Sony TV, Prasar Bharti today said it would challenge the decision in Supreme Court.
Russian move clears way to bring Kyoto into force The Russian government approved the Kyoto Protocol on Thursday, giving decisive support to the long-delayed climate change treaty that should allow it to come into force worldwide.
Bush, Kerry Differ on Approach to North Korea President Bush and his rival, Senator John Kerry, may have clashed over how to stop North Korea #39;s nuclear plans but their policies are not as far apart as their first debate suggested, analysts said on Friday.
Ex-Cabinet minister wounded, driver killed in Beirut car bombing BEIRUT, Lebanon A former Lebanese Cabinet minister has been wounded and his driver killed in an early morning car bombing in Beirut.
Suicide Bomber Kills at Least 18 in Pakistani Mosque A suicide bomber killed at least 18 people in a mosque packed with worshippers and wounded more than 40 during Friday prayers in the eastern Pakistani city of Sialkot, police said.
Dollar Vulnerable, Gold Lifted  LONDON (Reuters) - The euro hovered near two-month highs on  Friday as key U.S. data loomed and as traders awaited a Group  of Seven meeting of finance ministers, while oil-fired  inflation fears lifted gold close to a 5-1/2 month high.
Dollar Edges Off Lows Before G7  LONDON (Reuters) - The dollar recovered from a two-month  low on the euro and a one-week low on the yen on Friday as the  market waited to see if a G7 meeting and key U.S. data could  break the U.S. currency out of a half-year range.
Manufacturing growth slows down The UK's manufacturing sector shows an unexpected slowdown in September, easing pressure on the Bank of England to raise interest rates again.
Merck pulls Vioxx Merck  amp; Co. Inc. stock plummeted Thursday with the firm #39;s announcement that it is withdrawing Vioxx - its arthritis and acute pain medication - from the international market, affecting about 2 million patients worldwide.
Oil near \$50 on Nigeria unease Oil prices held above \$49 on Friday as a rebel warlord threatening an offensive in Nigeria #39;s oil-producing delta region said the government had violated the terms of a two-day truce.
Cytec to Buy UCB Chemicals Business for EU1.5 Billion (Update2) Cytec Industries Inc., a US maker of materials for the aerospace and car industries, agreed to buy the chemicals operations of UCB SA, Belgium #39;s largest drugmaker, for 1.5 billion euros (\$1.
Citigroup CEO rules out takeovers  #39;We #39;re not a deal-focused company, #39; Prince tells newspaper; adds bank must focus on ethics. NEW YORK (Reuters) - The chief executive of Citigroup Inc.
Nortel to lay off 3,250 staff worldwide Nortel Networks will lay off about 1,400 employees in the US and about 950 in Canada, with those employees to be notified by the end of June 2005.
Qualcomm opens CDMA development centre in Hyderabad Code Division Multiple Access (CDMA) technology major Qualcomm Inc on Friday announced the opening of a research and development (R amp;D) in Hyderabad, to support its chipset development activities.
Sun Micro, UT Austin, Team Up on Supercomputer Sun Microsystems Inc. SUNW.O and the University of Texas at Austin are set to flip the switch on Friday on a unique supercomputer that will vastly speed up massive data analysis and 
Microsoft FAT Patent Claim  quot;Bogus quot; Microsoft #39;s patent on the File Allocation Table disk format has been rejected by the US Patent Office, on the grounds that it should never have been granted in the first place.
Space isn #39;t all astronauts With a little help from NASA, students from McNair High School - which is named for an astronaut -ight play a role in future space exploration.
Microsoft extends SQL Server intelligence Microsoft has extended the reach of its business data platform, demonstrating new business intelligence capabilities for SQL Server 2000 and SQL Server 2005.
Shearer Eying Silverware Newcastle hat-trick hero Alan Shearer tonight stressed his determination to bring a trophy to St James Park. The former England striker netted three times in Newcastles 5-1 defeat of Bnei Sakhnin tonight, sealing a 7-1 aggregate success.
Real Madrid coach: We #39;re on right track Real Madrid coach Mariano Garcia Remon admitted he was nervous after AS Roma went 2-0 ahead on Tuesday night. But Garcia Remon remained calm and saw his Real charges triumph 4-2 in an exciting night at the Santiago Bernabeu.
Paphitis slams Ferencvaros Millwall chairman Theo Paphitis has hit out Ferencvaros and their fans after revealing he had to call for police help during Thursday #39;s Uefa Cup tie.
Round One: Bush, Kerry trade tough words on Iraq CORAL GABLES, Fla. -- John F. Kerry and President Bush clashed sharply over the war in Iraq last night during the first debate of the presidential campaign season, with the senator from Massachusetts accusing 
Iraq Developments * A suicide bomber killed a US soldier and two Iraqis in the Abu Ghraib area outside of Baghdad early Thursday. The bomb targeted a compound that included the mayor #39;s office and a police station.
Sudan agrees to more peacekeepers Peacekeepers from the African Union will be increased to help protect civilians in the afflicted Sudanese region of Darfur, the country #39;s foreign minister said Thursday.
Iraqi PM Says Elections Still on Despite Violence Iraqi interim Prime Minister Iyad Allawi said elections would go ahead as planned in January, despite continuing violence which Thursday killed 41 people including 34 children.
Hong Kong #39;s former Gurkhas angry over British nationality move Former Nepalese-born Gurkha soldiers who helped defend Hong Kong under British rule are fuming at London #39;s decision to exclude them from a new law giving the crack fighters British citizenship, a spokesman said Thursday.
Dawn of War proves addictive The latest title from the Warhammer 40,000 stable does its thing with considerable style.
Report: Blair Recovering Well After Heart Operation  LONDON (Reuters) - British Prime Minister Tony Blair has  had a successful operation for recurrent heart palpitations and  is "doing well," Sky TV reported Friday.
Jakarta embassy bomber named Indonesian police name the man believed to have bombed Australia's embassy in Jakarta last month.
Calais blockade disrupts ferries Channel ferry services are hit by a blockade as French fishermen show their anger at fuel price rises.
New Menopause Hormone Therapy Guide Issued WASHINGTON - Despite its clear risks and bad press, hormone therapy remains the best treatment for some women suffering miserable menopause symptoms - and it is inappropriate for doctors to withhold, says a new guide to help doctors and patients with the difficult decision.    Women who do try estrogen should use the lowest possible dose for the shortest period of time, the American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists stressed...
Stocks to Open Up As Oil Prices Pull Back NEW YORK - U.S. stocks are seen somewhat higher at the open Friday with a pullback in oil prices...
Blast at Pakistan Shiite Mosque Kills 14 ISLAMABAD, Pakistan - An explosion ripped through a Shiite Muslim mosque in the eastern Pakistani city of Sialkot during Friday prayers, killing at least 14 people and wounding dozens, police said.    Witnesses reported that a man with a briefcase entered the mosque shortly before the blast and the briefcase had exploded, Sialkot police chief Nisar Ahmed said...
Few Factual Errors, but Truth at Times Got Stretched President Bush and Sen. John F. Kerry made few major factual errors in their first debate, although on occasion they stretched the truth or left out inconvenient facts -- or may have confused viewers as they spoke in policy shorthand.
PepsiCo #39;s profits increase 35 percent PepsiCo Inc. #39;s net income increased 35 percent in the third quarter as the company benefited from higher international sales and a tax benefit, the Purchase-based beverage and snack food company reported yesterday.
Federer and Roddick Ease Into Thailand Semi-Finals  BANGKOK (Reuters) - Top seeds Roger Federer and Andy  Roddick reached the Thailand Open semi-finals with  straight-sets wins on Friday.
Stocks to Watch Friday  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Stocks to watch on Friday: MICROSOFT  CORP. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MSFT.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;MSFT.O&lt;/A&gt;: The world's largest software maker will suffer  serious harm if it is forced to provide a version of Windows  without Windows Media Player audio-visual software, its lawyer  told a European Union court.
Stocks Seen Up; Oil Holds Below \$50  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Stocks looked to open higher on Friday  with oil prices below \$50 a barrel, while technology shares try  to extend a three-day winning streak of ending positive as the  fourth quarter begins on Wall Street.
Microsoft Fears Changing Windows  LUXEMBOURG (Reuters) - Microsoft Corp will suffer serious  harm if it is forced to provide a version of Windows without  Windows Media Player audio-visual software, its lawyer told a  European Union court on Friday.
China Pledges to Move Steadily on Forex  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Chinese officials reiterated their  country would move toward a flexible foreign exchange rate, but  offered no new specifics on the timing in a joint statement  issued on Friday after talks with high-level U.S. officials.
Pfizer can capitalize on drug withdrawal Pfizer Inc., the world #39;s biggest drugmaker, may benefit from Merck  amp; Co. #39;s withdrawal of Vioxx because Pfizer #39;s competing pain medicine Celebrex hasn #39;t been linked to increased risk of heart attacks and strokes.
Kmart might move its headquarters Retailer Kmart Holdings Corp. is considering moving its headquarters from Michigan, the state #39;s economic development agency said.
New Security Vulnerability in Corrupt Online Images Within days of the release of the security bulletin, there was proof of concept code available on the web. As the exploit was analyzed by various security groups, it was found that it was similar 
Bundesliga prepares for striker showdown HAMBURG - Champions Werder Bremen run into Bayern Munich for the Bundesliga #39;s top clash on Saturday highlighted by a showdown of in-form strikers Miroslav Klose and Roy Makaay.
Blast in Pak mosque kills 15 A blast in a Shiite Muslim mosque in eastern Pakistan on Friday killed at least 15 people and left dozens injured. The blast occurred when the Friday prayers were on at the Mistri Abdullah Imambargah mosque in Sialkot.
UN calls for sending international police to Darfur United Nations, Oct 1 (PTI) The United Nations has called for sending an international police force to stop abuses in Sudan #39;s trouble-torn region of Darfur where war crimes have probably occurred on large scale.
Update 1: IMF reflects on global economic growth In its global economy outlook the International Monetary Fund predicted worldwide output to lift 5 despite of worries about high oil prices.
UK manufacturing disappoints in Sept The purchasing manager index of activity in the UK manufacturing sector fell sharply to 52.2 in September from a downwardly revised 52.
Chip sales hit 10.1bn GLOBAL semiconductor sales rose to 10.1 billion in August from the previous month and it appears chip inventories are declining, industry trade group the Semiconductor Industry Association said.
ENGLAND RUGBY UNION COACH CLIVE WOODWARD LEAVES RFU HEADQUARTERS &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; South Africa, New Zealand and Japan have expressed interest in hosting the 2011 Rugby World Cup, the International Rugby Board said on Friday.
Gaza Strip: Six Palestinians killed as Israel continues major &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; At least six Palestinians were killed Friday during the continuing Israeli attack on nortern Gaza Strip as occupation troops took control of a nine-kilometer stretch in the area.
Ghost of US vs MS laments Redmond's 'special antitrust immunity' 'Freedom to destroy freedom and competition'
Barcelona clubbers get chipped Some clubbers in Barcelona have opted to have a microchip implanted which lets them pay for drinks.
Merck Rises 1.52 Percent Before Bell  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Shares of drugmaker Merck   Co. Inc.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MRK.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;MRK.N&lt;/A&gt; traded 1.52 percent higher on volume of more than  61,000 shares in pre-market dealings on Friday, a day after the  stock plunged to an eight-year low after the company withdrew  its arthritis drug Vioxx.
Stocks Seen Higher; Oil Prices Slipping  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks looked to open higher on  Friday, as the fourth quarter begins on Wall Street with oil  prices holding below \$50 a barrel.
Dollar Vulnerable, Stocks Rise Overseas  LONDON (Reuters) - The euro was near two-month highs  against the dollar Friday as key U.S. data loomed and as  traders awaited a Group of Seven meeting of finance ministers,  while oil-fired inflation fears lifted gold close.
Cocoa delays hitting Ivory Coast A dispute over how much farmers must pay to industry trade bodies is disrupting the cocoa harvest  in Ivory Coast, the world's largest producer. 
Before the Bell- Merck rises 1.52 pct, 61,000 shares traded Shares of drugmaker Merck  amp; Co. Inc. (MRK.N: Quote, Profile, Research) traded 1.52 percent higher on volume of more than 61,000 shares in pre-market dealings on Friday, a day after 
Red Hat buys Netscape Enterprise Solutions from AOL Enterprise Linux specialist Red Hat has snapped up choice pieces of Netscape Enterprise solutions from AOL. These include the Netscape Enterprise Suite and include Netscape Directory Server and Netscape Certificate Management System.
Koala population becoming unbearable Sydney - Australia #39;s koalas, once a threatened species, are now growing so fast in some areas that wildlife authorities are putting them on the pill.
DVDRW Alliance increases rewrite speed to 8x The DVDRW Alliance has announced the release of final draft specifications for 8x rewriting on DVDRW media produced by Hewlett Packard, MKM, Philips, Ricoh, Sony and Yamaha.
Microsoft ups the ante for BI Microsoft Corp has issued further details of new reporting and business intelligence features that it plans to introduce into its present and future SQL Server relational database platform.
Silverstone cut from provisional 2005 F1 Grand Prix calendar For the first time ever, Silverstone is not on the provisional 2005 calendar, which must be ratified by the FIA world council on 13 October.
Tendulkar taking baby steps Tendulkar, who is in a race to try and make the first Test against Australia in Bangalore, told the Press Trust of India that team physiotherapist Andrew Leipus was limiting his time in the nets.
2011: It #39;s South Africa v New Zealand v Japan including South Africa - had submitted proposals to host the 2011 Rugby World Cup. South Africa, will face stiff opposition 
UPDATE 1-Spain, US handed easy Davis Cup outings Davis Cup finalists and top seed Spain were handed a first-round outing in Slovakia for the 2005 competition when the draw was announced on Thursday.
Bundesliga matches, Oct 2-3 Bayern Munich return to domestic duties with a trip to Bundesliga champions Werder Bremen on Saturday (1330 GMT) appearing to have shaken off their sluggish start to the season.
UPDATE 1-Cricket-India call up Tendulkar for Australia tests  Cricket-Tendulkar gets go-ahead for Australia tests October 1, 2004 10:54:13 BANGALORE, India, Oct 1 (Reuters) - Sachin Tendulkar was named in India #39;s 14-player squad on Friday for the first two tests against Australia.
Citywide event attracts more than 1,000 entries The 2004 Memorial Bone  amp; Joint Fall Festival tennis tournament kicks off today at noon and runs through Sunday at courts around Houston.
Rosenborg hold Gunners in Norway Arsenal were held to a 1-1 draw by Rosenborg in tonights Champions League Group E encounter in Norway. Freddie Ljungberg had given the visitors the lead in the sixth minute, but Roar Strand grabbed a deserved 
Spain, US Top Davis Cup Seeds for 2005 The United States will host Croatia on March 4-6 in the first round of the 2005 Davis Cup. In Thursday #39;s draw, the Americans and Spanish -- this year #39;s finalists -- were 
The club expects too much from the team: Ajax coach Koeman AMSTERDAM, Sep 30 (SW) - After the 4-0 defeat by Bayern Munich on Tuesday, Ajax coach Ronald Koeman feels it is time to decide on his future at the Dutch champions.
Siemens launches new unit to focus on end-to-end systems  Synergy was the word Siemens AG used several years ago when it talked about combining its carrier and enterprise network and mobile phone businesses under one roof. Then the company spun off these operations into separate divisions to be able to focus -- it said -- more closely on customers' individual needs. Now the manufacturer is pulling everything back together and the buzzwords are end-to-end systems and convergence.
Hitachi, NEC launch networking equipment joint venture Alaxala Networks Corp., the backbone-network router and switch joint venture announced by Hitachi Ltd. and NEC Corp. earlier this year, began operations on Friday, it said in a statement.
Intel plans faster bus for Pentium 4 Extreme Edition Intel Corp. is planning to introduce a faster front-side bus on an upcoming version of its Pentium 4 Extreme Edition processor that will help the firm increase the performance of its chips by improving a crucial bottleneck in system performance.
Update: Microsoft asks EU court to suspend remedies LUXEMBOURG -- Microsoft Corp. asked a judge to suspend the European Commission's antitrust ruling against it on Thursday, arguing that secrets revealed now cannot be retracted.
Suicide bomber kills at least 18 in Pakistan wounded more than 40 during Friday prayers in the eastern Pakistani city of Sialkot, police say.  quot;It was a suicide attack, quot; Nisar Ahmed Saroya, district police officer for Sialkot, told Reuters.
Court ruling due in F1 dispute A judge is set to deliver a ruling in a boardroom row which could lead to Bernie Ecclestone losing control of Formula One racing.
Arthritis drug pulled for heart risk Shares of Merck and Co. plunged nearly 27 percent Thursday on news that the pharmaceutical giant was pulling the popular arthritis pain medication Vioxx off the market in the largest drug withdrawal in US history.
Update 12: EU Accuses Microsoft of Paternal View Microsoft Corp. said Friday that small companies and their customers would suffer most if it is forced to remove its digital media software from Windows, while the European Union accused it of being  quot;paternalistic 
Cytec buys Surface Specialities business from UCB New Jersey-based Cytec Industries is to buy UCB Groups Surface Specialties business for \$1.5bn (E1.2bn). Completion of the deal will turn Cytec into a \$2.
Qualcomm opens R amp;D centre in Hyderabad Qualcomm Incorporated, pioneer and world leader of Code Division Multiple Access (CDMA) digital wireless technology, on October 1 announced the opening of a research and development (R amp;D) center in Hyderabad, India.
BBC Tech staff become Siemens workers Some 1440 BBC Technology staff have been transferred to Siemens Business Services today following the completion of a major ten-year 2bn Technology Framework Contract (TFC).
Open source industry challenges Gartner on Linux report This week we have seen numerous reports (a href= quot;http://www.tectonic.co.za/view.php?id=352 quot; gt;see here) in the trade press referring to Gartner UK analyst Annette Jump claiming that pre-installing Linux on PCs encourages piracy of Windows.
Sun shines on standard Java 5.0 There #39;s a new version of Java and Sun describes it as the most significant update ever to the platform-neutral programming language.
CHECA TAKES TOP SPOT Carlos Checa upstaged team-mate Valentino Rossi to take pole position for the inaugural Qatar Grand Prix at Losail. The track, new to the MotoGP calendar, has sprung several surprises throughout practice and 
Sharapova advances to Korea Open semifinals Wimbledon champion Maria Sharapova surged into the Korea Open semifinals Friday with a comfortable 6-2, 6-1 win over Australian Samantha Stosur.
Tendulkar to play in first Test Bangalore, India - India #39;s cricket selectors on Friday picked star batsman Sachin Tendulkar in the squad for the opening match of the Test series against Australia, hoping he will recover from an elbow injury in the next four days.
Former NFL player killed in crash Travel is back to normal on the Thruway Friday morning after an accident that stopped or slowed traffic from Herkimer all the way to Schenectady.
US forces launch major offensive on Samarra Doctors at Samarra #39;s hospital said 47 bodies were brought in, including 11 women, five children and seven elderly men. They. said ambulances could not reach many wounded as fighting, which lasted throughout the night, was still going on.
U.S. Offers Internet Downloads of  #36;50 Bill (AP) AP - The U.S. government will offer over the Internet low-quality images of its new  #36;50 bill for artists, students and others who discover that their computers, scanners or printers won't allow them to view or copy pictures of the new currency.
From Spam To Lacrosse, A Day for The Books (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - New laws aimed at prosecuting big-time Internet spammers, helping small businesses and elevating lacrosse to the status of "state team sport" will become effective today in Maryland.
FCC nears Cingular, AT amp;T decision (TheDeal.com) TheDeal.com - A commissioner said the agency would rule on the wireless merger within weeks, allowing an October closing.
PeopleSoft Fires CEO Craig Conway (AP) AP - In a surprise move, business software maker PeopleSoft Inc. fired CEO Craig Conway Friday, saying it has has lost confidence in the feisty leader who engineered the company's dogged resistance to a  #36;7.7 billion takeover bid by rival Oracle Corp.
PeopleSoft Ousts CEO Amid Oracle Battle (Reuters) Reuters - PeopleSoft Inc. , which is\trying to fight off a hostile takeover by rival Oracle Corp.\, on Friday said its board had ousted President and\Chief Executive Craig Conway due to "a loss of confidence" in\his ability to lead the software company.
Launch of New Space Station Crew Set (AP) AP - The new crew of the international space station will head into space on Oct. 14, Russia said Friday, after two delays pushed back the launch.
Stocks Seen Weak at Open; Oil Higher  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Stocks look to open flat on Monday,  with oil prices moving higher and the dollar holding near  record lows.
Stocks to Watch Friday (Reuters) Reuters - Stocks to watch on Friday: MICROSOFT\CORP. : The world's largest software maker will suffer\serious harm if it is forced to provide a version of Windows\without Windows Media Player audio-visual software, its lawyer\told a European Union court.
PeopleSoft Ousts CEO Amid Oracle Battle  NEW YORK (Reuters) - PeopleSoft Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=PSFT.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;PSFT.O&lt;/A&gt;, which is  trying to fight off a hostile takeover by rival Oracle Corp.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=ORCL.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;ORCL.O&lt;/A&gt;, on Friday said its board had ousted President and  Chief Executive Craig Conway due to "a loss of confidence" in  his ability to lead the software company.
Strike pair see Toon through Alan Shearer and Patrick Kluivert teamed up to fire Newcastle into the group stage of the UEFA Cup with a striking master-class against Hapoel Bnei Sakhnin in Tel Aviv.
Federer and Roddick through Top seed Roger Federer reached the Thailand Open semis with a 7-6 (7/3) 6-4 win over Robin Soderling of Sweden. Second seed Andy Roddick also stormed through, beating Thomas Johansson of Sweden 6-3 6-4 in just 43 minutes.
Sachin In Squad For First Two Tests Bangalore, Oct. 1 (NNN): Despite the ongoing concerns about an elbow injury, countrys master-blaster Sachin Ramesh Tendulkar was included on Friday in the 15-member Indian squad for the first two cricket 
Boeing Delivers 67 Planes in 3rd Quarter  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Boeing Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=BA.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;BA.N&lt;/A&gt; said on Friday it  delivered 67 commercial airplanes in the third quarter, up two  from the same quarter a year ago.
DDR RAM Round-up &lt;strong&gt;Group Review&lt;/strong&gt; Not yet ready for DDR 2? Then make the most of the original
Lycos puts spam site on hold Lycos has called a ceasefire in the battle against internet spammers by suspending its Make Love Not Spam portal, designed to put bulk mail senders out of business.
PeopleSoft Removes Craig Conway as CEO In a surprise move, the business software maker fired CEO Craig Conway Friday, saying it has has lost confidence in the feisty leader who engineered the company's dogged resistance to a takeover bid by rival Oracle Corp.
From Spam To Lacrosse, A Day for The Books  New laws aimed at prosecuting big-time Internet spammers, helping small businesses and elevating lacrosse to the status of "state team sport" will become effective today in Maryland.
Web Sites Spoof Bush, Kerry With Parodies If you're not ready to feverishly debate Iraq or the deficit in this bitterly divisive election year, you can always surf the Web, where politics is frequently nothing but a big joke.
U.S. Offers Internet Downloads of \$50 Bill The U.S. government will offer over the Internet low-quality images of its new \$50 bill for artists, students and others who discover that their computers, scanners or printers won't allow them to view or copy pictures of the new currency.
IBM to Expand Data Centers Across World &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; By Duncan Martell&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - IBM is expanding and adding newtechnology to 11 of its data centers in North America, Europeand Asia to meet growing demand and rolled out new services tocustomers, the world's largest computer company said late onThursday.&lt;/p&gt;
Netflix, TiVo Make Deal Official Netflix Inc. and TiVo Inc. made official Thursday their deal to create a service that will use high-speed Internet connections to pipe DVD-quality movies into the homes of their mutual subscribers.
AT T, Vonage Cut Prices on Internet Calling &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; By Justin Hyde&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; WASHINGTON (Reuters) - AT T Corp.  and Internet telephoneprovider Vonage said on Thursday they were cutting prices fortheir residential Internet calling services by \$5 per month,the strongest signs yet of a price war in the nascent market.&lt;/p&gt;
PeopleSoft Ousts CEO Amid Oracle Battle PeopleSoft Inc. (PSFT.O: Quote, Profile, Research) , which is trying to fight off a hostile takeover by rival Oracle Corp. (ORCL.O: Quote, Profile, Research) , on Friday said its board 
Atlantic City Casino Hotel Workers Strike ATLANTIC CITY, NJ Oct. 1, 2004 - About 10,000 casino hotel workers from more than half the city #39;s 12 casinos went on strike Friday, even though negotiators had reached a tentative agreement with three of the casinos.
UCB Sells Surface Specialties to Cytec UCB SA announced Friday it made the final move in its transition to a pharmaceuticals-only business, unloading Surface Specialties to Cytec Industries Inc.
Siemens wins 2.7-bln-euro services contract from BBC German electronics giant Siemens said that its Siemens Business Services unit had signed a 2.7-billion-euro (3.3-billion-dollar) contract to supply technology services to the British Broadcasting Corporation.
SpaceShipOne halfway to X-Prize SpaceShipOne, the privately built manned rocket aiming to claim the 10 million USD X-Prize, has completed the first of two qualifying flights, and is scheduled to attempt the winning second flight on 4 October, despite some technical concerns.
Red Hat to get Enterprise p2pnet.net News:- Red Hat says it #39;s  quot;entered into a definitive asset purchase agreement quot; with AOL to buy parts of Netscape #39;s Enterprise Suite, adding it to its Open Source Architecture.
Microsoft loses FAT patent, wins Smart Tag case Microsoft is fighting a rejection by US patent authorities of a patent for its FAT filesystem, the company said on Thursday. Meanwhile, it #39;s celebrating a jury decision clearing it of patent infringement charges 
Net giants adopt anti-spam system The fight against spam is getting more serious as the net #39;s big players impose conditions on bulk mail senders. From October, AOL, Yahoo, Hotmail, Earthlink and Comcast want those that send lots of messages 
ISS to get new crew Moscow - The Soyuz TMA-5 spacecraft carrying a replacement crew to the International Space Station (ISS) will be put into space on October 14 after technical difficulties postponed the launch, Russia #39;s space agency said on Friday.
Checa on pole for inaugural Qatar GP Carlos Checa took pole position for Saturday #39;s inaugural Qatar Grand Prix with the quickest lap in the final qualifying session on Friday.
It #39;s on to LA for the Giants Bee Staff Writer. SAN DIEGO - The San Diego Padres returned the favor, and the playoff-chasing Giants gladly accepted it before a disappointed record crowd of 45,389 at Petco Park.
Israeli troops mass at Gaza border after cabinet approves military &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Armoured vehicles massed on Gaza #39;s border Friday after Israel #39;s security cabinet approved a large-scale military operation - dubbed Days of Penitence - to stop Palestinian rocket fire.
Pakistani Shiite Mosque Bombing Kills 19, Injures 50 (Update1) At least 19 people were killed and about 50 were injured in the bombing of a Shiite mosque in Pakistan #39;s northeastern city of Sialkot, police said.
Children slaughtered Bombs killed 35 children and wounded scores of others as US troops handed out candy Thursday. It was the largest death toll of children in any insurgent attack since the start of the war.
PeopleSoft dismisses CEO Conway Board cites "lack of confidence" in Craig Conway as software maker battles a hostile takeover.
Microsoft Tests MSN Messenger 7.0 Updated chat client allows users to send more personalized messages.
PeopleSoft dumps CEO who led fight against Oracle takeover (AFP) AFP - Business software maker PeopleSoft said it was dumping president and chief executive Craig Conway, who has led the fight against a hostile takeover effort from rival Oracle.
Dog Extinctions Show Why Bigger Isn't Better (Reuters) Reuters - Fossils from extinct dogs show why\bigger is not better -- giant meat-eating animals died out\because they relied too heavily on hunting other big animals,\scientists reported on Thursday.
Zawahri Tape Urges Resistance to 'Crusaders' (Reuters) Reuters - An audio tape said to be from senior al\Qaeda official Ayman al-Zawahri called for organized resistance\against invading "crusaders" in the Muslim world and especially\attacks against Israel's ally the United States.
British Guantanamo Detainee Alleges Abuse from Jail (Reuters) Reuters - A British detainee at Guantanamo Bay\said in a letter revealed Friday he was tortured and abused\during detention, in what is believed to be the first such\claim to come from inside the prison.
Wenger tells Rooney to live like a monk (AFP) AFP - Arsene Wenger has told Wayne Rooney he will have to live  quot;like a monk quot; if he is to make the most of his phenomenal talent.
Mexico Welcomes Dalai Lama (AP) AP - The Dalai Lama brought his message of peace to presidential offices across Central America this week, urging harmony in a world he says is in crisis because of war, fear and intolerance.
EADS Co-Chief Exec Hertrich to Step Down The co-chief executive of the European Aeronautic Defence and Space Co., Rainer Hertrich, will leave his position in 2005 when his contract expires, a company spokesman said Sunday.
Candidates Omit Israel-Palestinian from Debate (Reuters) Reuters - Many important foreign policy topics\went unexplored during the first debate of the 2004 U.S.\presidential campaign but perhaps most unusual was the lack of\attention to the Israeli-Palestinian conflict.
Ethics Panel Admonishes House Leader DeLay (Reuters) Reuters - An ethics panel admonished U.S.\House of Representatives Majority Leader Tom DeLay on Thursday,\saying he improperly offered to endorse a lawmaker's son in\return for a vote on a Medicare prescription drug bill.
U.S. Forces Storm Iraqi Town, Say 94 Rebels Killed  SAMARRA, Iraq (Reuters) - U.S.-led forces stormed Samarra  Friday and said nearly 100 guerrillas were killed in air  strikes and street-to-street combat during a major new American  offensive to wrest control of the Iraqi town.
Zawahri Tape Urges Resistance to 'Crusaders'  DUBAI (Reuters) - An audio tape said to be from senior al  Qaeda official Ayman al-Zawahri called for organized resistance  against invading "crusaders" in the Muslim world and especially  attacks against Israel's ally the United States.
Suicide Bomber Kills at Least 21 in Pakistani Mosque  ISLAMABAD, Pakistan (Reuters) - A suicide bomber killed at  least 21 people in a mosque packed with worshippers and wounded  more than 40 during Friday prayers in the eastern Pakistani  city of Sialkot, police said.
'New al-Qaeda tape' is released An audio tape said to have been recorded by Osama Bin Laden's deputy is broadcast by Arabic TV channel al-Jazeera.
Jail order for Indian politician India's Supreme Court orders controversial politician Rajesh Ranjan, who is facing murder charges, back to jail.
Don't let baby die, pleads father A father of a seriously ill premature baby has pleaded with the High Court not to allow doctors to let her die.
New Windows Patch Proves Tricky The latest Microsoft Windows security flaw could result in more harm than usual because the company's system for fixing it could prove too vexing for some PC users to deal with, security experts warned. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-washingtonpost.com&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Dozens Believed Killed in U.S. Assault on Iraqi City More than 4,000 American and Iraqi soldiers mounted a military assault on the insurgent-held city of Samarra.
TCS in IT deal for Ferrari F1 car Mumbi: Tata Consultancy Services Ltd. has tied up with Formula One racing car champion Ferrari to provide information technology and engineering services for the development of the team #39;s racing car for the 2005 season.
Bin Laden Deputy Purportedly Seeks Strikes DUBAI, United Arab Emirates - An audio tape purportedly released by Osama bin Laden's deputy calls for attacks on U.S. and British interests everywhere, according to a broadcast Friday by Al-Jazeera television...
Bush, Kerry Clash Over Iraq in Debate CORAL GABLES, Fla. - Arguing over who can best lead the nation in war, Sen...
Blast at Pakistan Shiite Mosque Kills 16 ISLAMABAD, Pakistan - A suicide attacker detonated a huge bomb inside a crowded Shiite Muslim mosque in an eastern Pakistani city during Friday prayers, killing at least 16 people and wounding dozens, officials said.    Police said that hundreds of people were inside the Zainabia mosque in the city of Sialkot at the time of the blast, which severely damaged walls and left body parts scattered inside...
U.S., Iraqi Troops Storm Rebel Haven U.S. and Iraqi troops surged into the rebel-controlled city of Samarra Friday, killing more than 90 insurgents in house-to-house combat supported by airstrikes and armor.
Blast Kills 16 Pakistanis in Shiite Mosque A suicide attacker detonated a huge bomb inside a crowded Shiite Muslim mosque in an eastern Pakistani city during Friday prayers, killing at least 16 people and wounding dozens, officials said.
Drug #39;s withdrawal puts heat on FDA Agency too reliant on drug &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Suspicions that the arthritis drug Vioxx could cause serious cardiovascular damage arose as early as 1999, the year Vioxx was approved by the Food and Drug Administration as a next-generation remedy that might be safer than older drugs like ibuprofen.
PeopleSoft fires CEO Conway update Craig Conway has been fired as president and chief executive officer of PeopleSoft and will be replaced by founder Dave Duffield, the company said Friday.
Siemens, BBC announce \$3.35 billion deal BERLIN -- Industrial group Siemens AG said Friday it has signed a \$3.35 billion contract to deliver technology services around the world to the British Broadcasting Corp.
Dodgers Take Three-Game Lead in NL West (AP) AP - Los Angeles put itself in prime position to make the playoffs heading into the final weekend of the regular season, while Chicago, Houston and San Francisco were fighting to reach the postseason and San Diego retained only a long-shot hope.
A's, Angels Set for Winner-Take-All Series (AP) AP - The biggest home run in rookie Bobby Crosby's career gave the Oakland Athletics a dramatic victory and set up a winner-take-all AL West showdown with the Anaheim Angels.
Microsoft Tests MSN Messenger 7.0 A select group of testers next week will get an early look at MSN Messenger 7.0, the next version of Microsoft #39;s popular instant messaging client.
Diebold Rejected in Copyright Takedown Attempt JimMarch(equalccw) writes  quot;Our favorite crooked voting company Diebold has lost a MAJOR copyright case (click for ruling here or description here).
Ace performance by Thailand #39;s Thongchai at Mount Juliet Thailand #39;s Thongchai Jaidee aced the 165-yard 11th hole in the WGC-American Express Championship second round on Friday. The 34-year-old former paratrooper used an eight 
Tennis: Roddick joins Federer in Bangkok semi-finals BANGKOK : Andy Roddick laid on a 21-ace performance to crush Thomas Johansson 6-3, 6-4, moving past jet-lag and into the semi-finals of the 550,000-dollar Thailand Open.
Argos give U of T bad grade on sacking Like a quarterback seeking first-down yardage, the Argonauts are scrambling for an alternate site for their new home after they were sacked by the University of Toronto in a bid to build a new Varsity Stadium.
Seven straight crowns for Yanks Once the ball jumped off Bernie Williams #39; bat in the bottom of the ninth inning, everyone in Yankee Stadium knew where it was going.
Ailing Tiger Two Back at American Express (AP) AP - Tiger Woods hardly looked like himself until a painful first round at the American Express Championship was over and he signed for a 4-under 68, two shots out of the lead at a tournament he has won the last two years.
Winless Cardinals Winning Turnover Game (AP) AP - The Arizona Cardinals are winless in three games, but they are among the league leaders in one category  #151; taking the ball away from the opponent.
There #39;s A New Grid In Town SAN FRANCISCO - Now that computer systems are bigger and more complex than ever before, industry titan William Coleman figures, it is time they learned how to run themselves.
Korean nuclear talks likely stalled until  #39;05 There are three problems with the six-party talks on North Korea #39;s nuclear issue. First, they risk confusing form with substance: as if merely getting North Korea around a table is success 
UN Rights Officials Tell Security Council International Police Are &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; An international police presence is needed in Sudan #39;s troubled Darfur region to accompany and monitor local police officers so that the vast population of internally displaced persons (IDPs) there are protected, two senior United Nations human rights 
Sharapova Advances to Korea Open Semis (AP) AP - Wimbledon champion Maria Sharapova reached the semifinals of the Korea Open on Friday with a comfortable 6-2, 6-1 win over Australian Samantha Stosur.
Watson Hopes Surgery Will Right Golf Game (AP) AP - Tom Watson has mapped out a comfortable future after he finally walks away from the game of golf.
PeopleSoft fires CEO Conway Board cites "lack of confidence" in Craig Conway as software maker battles a hostile takeover.
Linksys Launches Dual-Band Wi-Fi Gear New products include 802.11g/a cards for both notebooks and desktops.
Stocks Seen Up as Oil Dips; PeopleSoft Up  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stock futures rose steadily  throughout the morning, pointing to a higher market open on  Friday, as sliding oil prices were a welcome sign for investors  on the opening day of the fourth quarter.
Before-the-Bell: Redback Falls 24.5 Pct.  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Shares of Redback Networks Inc.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=RBAK.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;RBAK.O&lt;/A&gt;, which makes networking equipment, fell 24.5 percent  in pre-market trading on Friday after it forecast third-quarter  revenue far short of Wall Street's estimates.
Amid Battle With Oracle, PeopleSoft Fires Its Chief In a statement, PeopleSoft's board of directors cited "a loss of confidence in Mr. Conway's ability to continue to lead the Company."
Moreover and NewsGator Team for RSS Search Moreover and NewsGator Team for RSS Search\\Moreover Technologies, provider of aggregated online RSS and news feeds, today announced that NewsGator Technologies will integrate Moreover RSS (Rich Site Summary) news feeds and news search into its NewsGator Online Service platform.\
Feedsters RSS Feed Job Search Engine Feedster's RSS Feed Job Search Engine\\RSS is hot and RSS search engines continue to get hotter by taking advantage of all of the bandwidth draining RSS feeds that are literally running all over the web for all different types of content oriented sites. Recently RSS search engines have concentrated on ...
100 Killed In US Operation To Re-take Samarra Baghdad, Oct. 1 (NNN): At least 100 people, including 80 insurgents were killed and hundreds others injured as the US military launched a major offensive to re-take the northern Iraqi city of Samarra, about 100 kilometres north of the capital, Baghdad.
Sharapova overpowers Stosur Maria Sharapova reached the last four of the Korea Open after beating Australia #39;s Samantha Stosur 6-2 6-1. Taking centre court after a four-hour rain delay, Sharapova overwhelmed Stosur to set up a semi-final meeting with Anne Kremer of Luxembourg.
PeopleSoft Fires CEO Conway In the wake of a 15-month-long battle for its life, PeopleSoft Inc. #39;s board of directors fired CEO Craig Conway Friday morning.
China to Move Toward Flexible Currency WASHINGTON Oct. 1, 2004 - The Bush administration, struggling to show progress in attacking this country #39;s soaring trade deficits, won a commitment Friday from China that it would move  quot;firmly and steadily quot; to a flexible, market-based currency.
Early market signs mostly positive for start of fourth financial &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; TORONTO (CP) - North American stock markets appear poised for strong gains Friday in the fourth quarter #39;s first day of trading as investors recover from drug company Merck  amp; Co.
Qualcomm Sees Spike in its Future Qualcomm (Quote, Chart) is in talks to acquire a semiconductor design firm to help satisfy demand for its third-generation CDMA (define) wireless devices, the company said Thursday.
NWA #39;s Anderson moves to UnitedHealth Northwest Airlines Corp. CEO Richard Anderson has resigned to take an executive job at UnitedHealth Group Inc. Anderson, 49, who took over the top job at the Eagan-based airline in 2001, will become an executive vice president at UnitedHealth.
Verizon, SBC nix access line sales Lack of bidders forces largest US local telephone companies to terminate efforts in small markets. NEW YORK (Reuters) - Verizon Communications Inc.
UK Sept. Manufacturing Index Falls, Costs Increase (Update2) UK manufacturing growth unexpectedly weakened to the slowest pace in 14 months in September as surging oil prices boosted costs, a survey of purchasing managers showed.
Lazard cutbacks may precede IPO Report says investment bank plans job, pay cuts prior to a public offering valuing firm at \$3B. NEW YORK (Reuters) - Bruce Wasserstein, head of investment bank Lazard, is planning a new round of job cuts and 
Insurers cutting profit estimates The string of hurricanes that struck Florida and other states has begun to wash away profit projections made by some Cincinnati-based insurance companies.
SpaceShipOne on course for X Prize A Californian-based team is halfway to claiming a \$10 million prize by putting a privately financed manned craft into sub-orbital space.
Big Blue Reveals Fastest Supercomputer Alive In a historic development in the computing world, IBM has succeeded in re-writing the rulebook for ultra-powerful computing by developing the worlds most powerful supercomputer- Blue Gene/L supercomputer, surpassing NECs Earth Simulator in Japan.
Patent Office rejects Microsoft FAT patent The US Patent Office has made a preliminary ruling that a patent held by Microsoft for the FAT file system is invalid, after lobby group the Public Patent Foundation put forward evidence showing that the technology already existed in the public domain.
New Windows Patch Proves Tricky The emergence of a new Internet virus targeting a Microsoft Windows security flaw could cause more damage than usual because the company #39;s system for fixing the problem is so complex that many 
Security Flaws Found in RealPlayer EEye Digital Security has uncovered new security holes affecting a wide range of RealNetworks #39; media players, the latest desktop-based bugs set to worry IT managers.
Wenger plays down players #39; bus fight Arsene Wenger has described a fracas on the Arsenal team bus between Patrick Vieira and Cameroon international Lauren as  quot;a minor disagreement quot;.
Olympics: Pound critical of Hamilton gold TORONTO, Canada : World Anti-Doping Agency (WADA) president Dick Pound believes that US cyclist Tyler Hamilton does not deserve to keep his Olympic time-trial gold medal after testing positive for doping in Athens.
Government Mum On World Cup Bid The Government was dragging its heels yesterday when the Ministry of Sport failed to come out with a clear message of support for South Africa #39;s bid to host the 2011 Rugby World Cup.
Racing: Italian Trulli to race for Toyota in Japan and Brazil PARIS : Italian driver Jarno Trulli, who has signed to drive for Toyota next season, will now be driving for the Japanese constructor in the final two races of this season, Toyota revealed.
Kluivert insists the best is yet to come Patrick Kluivert has sent out a chill warning to both the Barclays Premiership and Europe after launching his Newcastle career in style.
Carpenter to miss Division Series St. Louis, MO (Sports Network) - St. Louis Cardinals starting pitcher Chris Carpenter is expected to miss the first round of the playoffs next week with an injury to his right arm.
Lazio, Newcastle, Stuttgart among UEFA Cup top seeds Italian club Lazio, England #39;s Newcastle United and Bundesliga side VfB Stuttgart are among the top group of seeds for Tuesday #39;s UEFA Cup group draw.
Blair Undergoes Treatment for Irregular Heartbeat, Sets Off &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; British Prime Minister Tony Blair entered a hospital Friday for a procedure to remedy an irregular heartbeat. He says the treatment is routine and expects to return to work on Monday.
Suicide Bomber Kills at Least 21 in Pakistani Mosque A suicide bomber killed at least 21 people in a mosque packed with worshippers and wounded more than 40 during Friday prayers in the eastern Pakistani city of Sialkot, police said.
Next President Could Get to Reshape High Court (Reuters) Reuters - The winner of the presidential\election could reshape the Supreme Court and could have a\long-lasting impact on important issues such as abortion, gay\marriages and church-state separation.
Zawahri Urges Muslims to Hit U.S., Allies' Interests  DUBAI (Reuters) - Senior al Qaeda official Ayman  al-Zawahri, in a purported audio tape aired Friday, urged  Muslims to set up an organized resistance to hit the interests  of "crusader America" and its allies throughout the world.
Japan marks bullet train's 40th Ceremonies are held in Japan to mark the 40th anniversary of the start of the world's first high-speed railway service.
Frank's Lawn, Garden Retailer Closing (AP) AP - Frank's Nursery  amp; Crafts Inc., having filed for bankruptcy twice in three years and failing to lure enough customers back from bigger retailers like Wal-Mart and Home Depot, is going out of business.
What Are You Worried About? (Forbes.com) Forbes.com - Oil was getting so hard to find that, soon enough, looking for it would be a losing game, at least in the U.S. So said the experts, years ago.
PeopleSoft Fires CEO Who Battled Oracle  NEW YORK (Reuters) - PeopleSoft Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=PSFT.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;PSFT.O&lt;/A&gt; on Friday  said its board had ousted President and Chief Executive Craig  Conway, who has been the chief opponent of Oracle Corp.'s  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=ORCL.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;ORCL.O&lt;/A&gt; \$7.7 billion hostile bid to take over the software  company.
Stocks Open Higher as Oil Prices Ease  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks opened higher on Friday,  as oil prices retreated and tech stocks showed strength on the  opening day of the fourth quarter.
US Airways and Pilots Union Reach Tentative Deal The deal is said to include annual pay cuts of about 19.5 percent and reductions in contributions to retirement benefits.
Stocks Move Higher As Oil Prices Dip NEW YORK - Stocks moved higher Friday as oil prices dipped and a pair of upgrades in the semiconductor sector boosted technology shares.    Investors are closely watching oil prices, which topped \$50 per barrel this week, hoping that consumer spending and sentiment, along with third-quarter earnings, would not be adversely affected by rising energy costs...
Egg in talks on French unit sale Internet bank Egg says it is in talks to sell the majority of its failed French venture to another firm.
Banks sound alarm on online fraud The banking industry warns customers with online accounts to guard against a new wave of sophisticated cyber-fraud.
Construction Spending Hits Surged in August Construction spending in August hit the highest level on record, fresh evidence that the housing market is helping move the economy ahead.
PeopleSoft Fires Craig Conway; Dave Duffield to Regain Top Spot In a surprise move, PeopleSoft issued a press release this morning at 8:15 ET announcing that it had fired Craig Conway as president and CEO.
Consumer sentiment weakens in September NEW YORK - US consumer sentiment took a surprise spill in September, according to a survey released Friday, suggesting Americans continue to be uncertain about the economic outlook and the job market.
Northwest Says Anderson Resigns to Join UnitedHealth (Update1) Northwest Airlines Corp. Chief Executive Richard H. Anderson is resigning and will be replaced by President Douglas M. Steenland at a time when the company is seeking employee concessions to stem losses.
Cytec pays \$1.87b for UCB unit Cytec Industries said Friday it will pay \$1.87 billion to Belgian chemical company UCB for its Surface Specialties unit, the Wall Street Journal reported.
When Models Explode Behind every good business plan, there's a dynamite shack waiting for a box of matches.
Window Dressing for Nudists Cosmetically altered mutual funds don't make sense -- and they're ugly, too.
Saving by Spending: Do UPromise? It's strange but true -- the more you spend, the more you'll save for school.
Northwest Airlines #39; CEO Resigns MINNEAPOLIS -- Northwest Airlines Chief Executive Richard Anderson is stepping aside and will take a top job at health care insurer UnitedHealth Group.
Battle of the Apples takes long road The Beatles, trading as Apple Corp, won #39;t let it be when it comes to Apple Computer #39;s forays into the music business. Photo: Getty Images.
Kerry #39;s Policies and Views on North Korea Questioned It was all very well for Senator John F. Kerry to say he would open bilateral talks with North Korea should he win November #39;s election, but the Democratic 
Microsoft loses FAT patent, wins Smart Tag case Microsoft Corp. is fighting a rejection by US patent authorities of a patent for its FAT (file allocation table) file system, the company said Thursday.
Aussie election could impact US coalition However this election won #39;t occur in November and it won #39;t involve an electoral college. I #39;m talking about next week #39;s national elections in Australia.
Indonesia police identify suicide bomber Indonesian police have identified a suicide car bomber from last month #39;s Australian embassy blast, but said it was unclear if he drove the vehicle, raising the possibility a second suicide attacker was involved.
Owen admits to Real doubts Michael Owen has admitted he could be forced to reconsider his future at Real Madrid at the end of the season. Owen has started only one game since his 8m summer move from Liverpool and faces competition from Ronaldo, Raul and Fernando Morientes.
Sun stands between Liberty and finals NEW YORK - The New York Liberty needed a last-second shot in the decisive game of their first-round series against Detroit to earn a trip to the Eastern Conference final, and will try to advance to the WNBA Finals for an unprecedented fifth time.
Couples Makes Early Move, Fast Start for Els  THOMASTOWN, Ireland (Reuters) - Former U.S. Masters  champion Fred Couples made the first significant move in the  WGC-American Express Championship second round Friday, surging  up the leaderboard with a five-under-par 67.
Carpenter to Miss Division Series  ST. LOUIS (Sports Network) - St. Louis Cardinals starting  pitcher Chris Carpenter is expected to miss the first round of  the playoffs next week with an injury to his right arm.
Microsoft appeals against EU order to strip down Windows US software giant Microsoft insisted Friday that nobody would want to buy its Windows operating system without Media Player, in an appeal against an EU ruling that it had abused its market dominance.
Manufacturing Activity Up in September Manufacturing activity rose in September for the 16th consecutive month, but at a more gradual pace than in August, an industry research group reported Friday.
Nortel details plans to lay off 3,250 employees Nortel Networks Corp. will lay off approximately 1,400 employees in the US and about 950 in Canada, with those employees to be notified by the end of June 2005, the network equipment vendor said in a regulatory 
Banks sound alarm on online fraud The banking industry warns online customers to guard against a new wave of sophisticated cyber-fraud.
US music targets more 'pirates' Students at 27 US colleges are being sued by the American record industry for alleged illegal downloading.
SILVERSTONE BIG LOSS TO BRITISH DRIVERS - HERBERT Johnny Herbert feels the next generation of British Formula One stars will miss out after their home grand prix was axed from the calendar.
UEFA Charge Ferencvaros after Ugly Scenes European footballs governing body today brought disciplinary charges against Hungarian champions Ferencvaros after crowd trouble and racist abuse during their UEFA Cup tie against Millwall.
Federer on a roll in Bangkok Bangkok - Roger Federer edged closer to a dream tenth title of the season as he applied the pressure at just the right moments, defeating Robin Soderling 7-6 (7-3), 6-4 for a spot in the semi-finals of the \$550 000 Thailand Open on Friday.
Owen wants more action Madrid - Michael Owen said on Friday he might be forced to reconsider his future with Real Madrid if his situation at the club doesn #39;t improve by the end of the year.
Racism inquiry opens in Zimbabwe with little progress An investigation into allegations of racism in Zimbabwe cricket that broke up the country #39;s test team opened in the capital yesterday amid a hostile atmosphere and, by the end of the day, little progress had been made.
Dementieva advances to semis in Belgium Top seed Elena Dementieva of Russia edged Czech Denisa Chladkova 7-5, 6-4 Friday to reach the semifinals of the Gaz de France Stars tennis tournament.
France Wants Referendum on Turkey #39;s EU Entry French President Jacques Chirac says France will hold a referendum on Turkey #39;s entry to the European Union. Speaking to reporters Friday in Strasbourg, France, Mr.
Wenger plays down bus row Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger has described the fracas on the team bus between Patrick Vieira and Lauren as  quot;a minor disagreement.
TRIO EXPRESS INTEREST IN WORLD CUP HOSTING The International Rugby Board today confirmed that three countries have expressed an interest in hosting the 2011 World Cup. New Zealand, South Africa and Japan are leading the race to host rugby union #39;s global spectacular in seven years #39; time.
With 1 more, he #39;s history OAKLAND, Calif. -- The Oakland Athletics gained a share of first place. Ichiro Suzuki did not. Suzuki went 1 for 5 on Thursday, inching within one hit of George Sisler #39;s single season record of 257, but again 
Indonesia police identify suicide bomber Police named the bomber as Heri Kurniawan, alias Heri Golun. They said on Friday he had sent a. would become a martyr. Golun was married last year.
Microsoft Fights to Keep Integral Media Player  LUXEMBOURG (Reuters) - Microsoft Corp will gain  "life-and-death power" over media formats used in everything  from cell-phones to computers unless EU sanctions take effect  quickly, an industry lawyer argued on Friday.
Iraq Mobile Network Brings Benefits and Bombs  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Iraqis hail their mobile phone network  as one of the few achievements in the country's reconstruction,  but the technology is also being used to detonate bombs that  cause daily death and destruction.
Mild Seven Renault F1 Team Preview, Japanese Grand Prix The official Mild Seven Renault F1 Team Preview for the Japanese Grand Prix.
The Week: Renault F1 Team between China and Japan Its been a busy week for the team with its members stretched across the globe. Heres an update of whats going on
Microsoft to Europe: Don't Be Cruel Microsoft isn't quite begging, but the company is hoping a European court will cut it some major slack in its fight against an antitrust ruling, citing concerns that PC users will get the short end of the stick. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-washingtonpost.com&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Science's Budding Stars Shine Finalists display innovations and compete for \$100,000 scholarships at the nation's top high school science event.
Genesis Samples 'Looking Very, Very Good' Jet Propulsion Lab -- The Genesis team is preparing to ship its samples of the Sun from the mission's temporary cleanroom at the U.S. Army Proving Ground, Dugway, Utah, to NASA's Johnson Space Center, Houston...
Pilot and Designer of Private Rocket Plane Confident By JOHN ANTCZAK     LOS ANGELES (AP) -- The creators of a private rocket plane will go ahead with plans for another launch next week in a quest to claim a multimillion-dollar prize, despite a harrowing flight in which the spacecraft rolled dramatically while hurtling toward the edge of the atmosphere.    Organizers of the \$10 million Ansari X Prize announced without elaboration Thursday night that SpaceShipOne designer Burt Rutan had told them he would go ahead with Monday morning's scheduled flight...
Launch of New International Space Station Crew Set MOSCOW (AP) -- The new crew of the international space station will head into space on Oct. 14, Russia said Friday, after two delays pushed back the launch...
A Space Race to Change the World USA Today -- More than eight years ago, a new space race began with the announcement of the X Prize Competition. Based on prizes that inspired the development of aviation in the early 20th century, the X Prize was started to encourage private space travel through a competition to build the first reusable spacecraft...
Ex-Astronaut Casts Doubt on Space Tourism PRAGUE, Czech Republic -- Eugene Cernan, the last man to walk on the moon during the final Apollo landing, said Thursday he doesn't expect space tourism to become reality in the near future, despite a strong demand.   Cernan, now 70, who was commander of NASA's Apollo 17 mission and set foot on the lunar surface in December 1972 during his third space flight, acknowledged that "there are many people interested in space tourism."     But the former astronaut said he believed "we are a long way away from the day when we can send a bus of tourists to the moon." He spoke to reporters before being awarded a medal by the Czech Academy of Sciences for his contribution to science...
Columbus and the Disappearing Moon Trick Albuquerque Journal -- "What is there in thee, moon, that thou shouldst move My heart so potently?"     "Endymion," John Keats The first landing of Christopher Columbus in the New World on Oct. 12, 1492, is commemorated on the second Monday of October...
After Trio of Explosions, Scientists Say Supernova Is Imminent Three powerful blasts from three wholly different regions in space have left scientists scrambling. The blasts, which lasted only a few seconds, might be early alert systems for star explosions called supernovae, which could start appearing any day now.
Drug-Resistant Infections on the Rise By Kathleen Doheny, HealthDay Reporter    HealthDayNews -- A bacterium that is becoming more resistant to first-line antibiotics is causing record numbers of skin infections in otherwise healthy children, according to a new study.    The bacterium, called methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA), is also emerging as a cause of pneumonia, which can be fatal...
Study Shows Antioxidants Not Useful Vs. Cancer By EMMA ROSS    LONDON (AP) -- In another blow to the belief that antioxidant supplements improve health, an authoritative analysis has concluded there is no evidence the vitamins ward off common digestive cancers.    Some experts say, however, that the findings do not mean the cancer-fighting potential of antioxidant pills should be written off just yet...
Various Factors Blamed for Childhood Obesity By RANDOLPH E. SCHMID    WASHINGTON (AP) -- A wide-ranging effort involving parents, schools, communities and government is needed to turn the tide of childhood obesity, the Institute of Medicine said Thursday...
USDA Expands Healthy Lunch Program By ALLISON SCHLESINGER    PITTSBURGH (AP) -- An expansion of a federal pilot program that provides schools with funding for fruits and vegetables might help students get as enthusiastic about brussels sprouts and broccoli as they are about pizza and ice cream, a U.S. Agriculture Department official said on Thursday...
TMO Reports - Study: Linux Use Growing, But So is Windows Piracy A report from technology research and analysis firm Gartner, Inc. reveals that while the installed base of personal computers running the Linux operating systems 
Bulletin: PeopleSoft ousts CEO amid Oracle battle PeopleSoft today said its board had ousted President and CEO Craig Conway due to "a loss of confidence" in his ability to lead the software company.
Microsoft, EU give final arguments on remedy suspension LUXEMBOURG -- The war of words over Microsoft Corp.'s business practices continued at a Luxembourg court on Friday with the its opponents arguing that unless the company offers a version its operating system without Windows Media Player, Microsoft will extend its quasi-monopoly in the PC market over the digital media sector.
StorageTek buys management company In its pursuit of one-stop storage shop superstardom, Storage Technology Corp. (StorageTek) has bought Storability Software Inc. and got hold of its enterprise storage resource manager product.
PeopleSoft's CEO Conway gets the boot PeopleSoft Inc. Chief Executive Officer (CEO) and President Craig Conway was shown the door on Friday by the company's board of directors, who immediately replaced him with Dave Duffield, PeopleSoft's founder and chairman.
Recruiter Puts Its Money Where Its Workers Are Clint Heiden's two-month-old recruiting firm offers its clients in the technology industry what amounts to a partial money-back guarantee: A job candidate hired through the Heiden Group, which specializes in sales positions for tech companies, will be a top performer within six months. If the candidate quits or falls short, the recruiter refunds between 20 and 40 percent of its placement fee, which averages about 25 percent of a candidate's annual salary.
Level 3 Acquires Sprint's Wholesale Dial Internet Access Business BROOMFIELD, Colo., Oct. 1 /PRNewswire-FirstCall/ -- Level 3 Communications, Inc...
DeLay Push Helps NASA Get Full Funds President Bush's "Vision for Space Exploration" got a skeptical reception in January and was left for dead in midsummer, but it made a stunning last-minute comeback when the House majority leader delivered NASA's \$16.2 billion budget request as part of the omnibus \$388 billion spending bill passed Nov. 20.
Africa must be heard in the councils of the rich OXFORD, England Rich countries are ardent advocates for democracy all around the world. But when it comes to the International Monetary Fund and the World Bank, government of the many by the few is the preferred option.
BBC completes 1.9bn IT sell-off to Siemens The BBC has today completed the sell-off of its technology arm to German IT firm Siemens as part of a 1.9bn 10-year outsourcing deal - as exclusively revealed on silicon.
Cytec to Buy UCB Chemicals Business for EU1.5 Billion (Update3) Cytec Industries Inc., a US maker of materials for the aerospace and car industries, agreed to buy the chemicals operations of UCB SA, Belgium #39;s largest drugmaker, for 1.5 billion euros (\$1.
Russia Says Space Launch Set for October 14 Russian space officials say the departure of the replacement crew for the International Space Station has been set for October 14.
 #39;Highly critical #39; flaws fixed in RealPlayer RealNetworks Inc. recommends users download updates it released to patch multiple security holes in RealOne Player, RealPlayer and Helix Player.
Hotmail Losing Steam NEW YORK - When Microsoft decided to throttle back on some of the features of its Hotmail Web-based e-mail service, it didn #39;t affect me one bit.
Sun Serves Strongest Java Flavor Ever Released Sun Microsystems today released Java 2 Platform Standard Edition J2SE 5.0, code named project Tiger. Version 6.0 of the programming framework, codenamed Mustang, has entered the development stage and is expected 
Apple #39;s Consumer Desktop Strikes a New Pose Cross an iPod and an eMac and what do you get? The new iMac G5, the third generation of Apples trendsetting desktop design for the home and school.
India ; Sachin in squad for first two Tests (LEAD) India News, Bangalore, Batting maestro Sachin Tendulkar was Friday included in the 15-member Indian squad for the first two Tests against Australia.
Sports World Denver  Dennis Rodman, the 43-year-old former NBA rebounding champion, participated in an informal workout with the Denver Nuggets on Thursday.
Lebanese Politician Hurt in Apparent Suicide Attempt; Driver &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Officials in Beirut say Marwan Hamadeh was wounded Friday when his car was targeted by a remote-controlled bomb near his home. He suffered only minor injuries, but his driver was killed and a bodyguard was seriously hurt.
PeopleSoft Ousts CEO Who Battled Oracle  In NEW YORK story headlined "PeopleSoft ousts CEO amid  battle with Oracle," please read in paragraph 5, "Oracle  launched its surprise takeover bid in June 2003" ... instead of  "PeopleSoft launched .. )
Stocks Rise as Oil Slips, Tech Rallies  NEW YORK (Reuters) -  U.S. stocks rose in a broad-based  advance on Friday morning, as oil prices eased, data showed  factory activity last month met economists' estimates and  technology shares extended recent gains.
US Air, Pilots Union in Tentative Pact  NEW YORK (Reuters) - US Airways Group Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=UAIRQ.PK target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;UAIRQ.PK&lt;/A&gt; said  on Friday it reached a tentative agreement with its pilots  union that would save \$300 million annually and move the  bankrupt airline closer to carrying out a transformation plan.
Italian Appliance Maker Cuts Outlook  MILAN, Italy (Reuters) - Merloni shares fell more than 10  percent on Friday after the Italian home appliance maker cut  its 2004 profit forecast, blaming weak demand and high prices  for steel and oil.
Merck hit by \$36bn backlash A GLOBAL drugs recall caused a \$US26.5 billion (\$A36.5 billion) wipeout for US giant Merck  amp; Co yesterday. Merck #39;s loss was the equivalent of the entire Commonwealth Bank, which has a similar market capitalisation 
IBM Sets a Record for Speed The IBM computer is based on a technology called BlueGene/L, which takes an approach radically different from that used by NEC #39;s machine, called the Earth Simulator.
Panasonic adds smart card function to SD memory Matsushita Electric Industrial Co. Ltd., better known for its Panasonic brand, will start selling SD (Secure Digital) memory cards that can be used as smart cards in Japan by the end of 2005, the company said Friday.
US cybersecurity chief abruptly resigns The government #39;s cybersecurity chief has abruptly resigned after one year with the Department of Homeland Security, confiding to industry colleagues his frustration over what he considers a lack of attention paid to computer security issues within the 
Japan #39;s Matsushita developing memory cards with  #39;smart #39; chip &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Smart cards are on the rise in Japan, using computer chips with an antenna embedded in them to allow people to pay for purchases or unlock doors with a simple flick of their cards.
Hotmail access via Outlook no longer free Hotmail users will have to start paying in order to access their hotmail e-mail messages via the Outlook and Outlook Express desktop e-mail programmes.
Owen Real-ly concerned Despite denying any problems in the past, England striker Michael Owen has finally admitted he may have to begin worrying if his first team exile at Real Madrid continues.
Lynx no match for Jackson #39;s perfect Storm Lauren Jackson shoots over an opponent during Seattle #39;s first-round finals sweep of the Minnesota Lynx. Photo: AP. Lauren Jackson is on track to win women #39;s professional basketball #39;s ultimate 
Ajax cuts European soccer target for season after Munich defeat AFC Ajax NV, which won three straight European Cups in the 1970s, lowered its ambitions for this season #39;s European campaign after Tuesday #39;s 4-0 defeat at Bayern Munich left the team bottom of its Champions League group.
Palestinian militants fire two rockets on southern Israel, no &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; JERUSALEM, Oct 1 (AFP) - Palestinian militants fired two makeshift rockets on Sderot in southern Israel Friday without causing any casualties, an army spokeswoman told AFP.
Sudan agrees to 3,500 extra AU troops-AU source Sudan has agreed to African Union (AU) plans to deploy an enlarged force of 3,500 troops to the troubled Darfur region, an AU official for conflict management told Reuters on Friday.
Police confirm bomber HERI Golun, 30, was confirmed yesterday as the suicide bomber who attacked the Australian embassy in Jakarta. Indonesian police yesterday confirmed his identity, saying Golun died in the attack, which killed nine others.
DARPA Awards Contract For Special Air Vehicles The Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency awarded an \$8.9 million contract to three vendors last week to build a prototype for low-flying unmanned aerial vehicles that can work with Army ground combat vehicles to scout ahead of American forces.
U.S. Cybersecurity Chief Abruptly Resigns (AP) AP - The government's cybersecurity chief has abruptly resigned after one year with the Department of Homeland Security, confiding to industry colleagues his frustration over what he considers a lack of attention paid to computer security issues within the agency.
Stocks Climb on Strong Economic Data (AP) AP - Investors sent stocks sharply higher Friday as new economic data showed strength in manufacturing and construction, and Wall Street greeted the departure of PeopleSoft Inc.'s chief executive by buying up technology shares. The Dow Jones industrials gained 100 points in morning trading.
2,500-Year-Old Pomegranate Found in Greece (AP) AP - A scientific dig has uncovered four pomegranates believed to be 2,500 years old preserved inside a woven basket nestled in a bronze vessel, a Greek archaeologist said Friday.
Country Music-Suicide Link Tops IgNobel Awards (Reuters) Reuters - Researchers who found a link between\country music and suicide, and a man who patented his combover\hairstyle won IgNobel Awards for true but funny experiments on\Thursday.
Russian Move Clears Way to Bring Kyoto Into Force (Reuters) Reuters - The Russian government approved the\Kyoto Protocol on Thursday, giving decisive support to the\long-delayed climate change treaty that should allow it to come\into force worldwide.
British Father Pleads for Life of Ill Baby Girl (Reuters) Reuters - The father of a seriously ill baby girl\fought on Friday against a hospital's request to allow her to\die if she stops breathing, saying he and his wife were not yet\ready to let her go.
NASA Tracks Three Space Bursts, Says Stellar Explosions Imminent (SPACE.com) SPACE.com - Three powerful bursts of energy from different regions of space could presage \  spectacular explosions of huge stars, astronomers just announced.
EU Accuses Microsoft of Paternal View (AP) AP - Microsoft Corp. said Friday that small companies and their customers would suffer most if it is forced to remove its digital media software from Windows, while the European Union accused it of being "paternalistic" in trying to decide what's best for everyone.
Huge and Proud of It New Enterprise Associates is the biggest stand-alone venture capital operation in the world, but industry insiders say the company's girth is a handicap.
Suicide Bomber Kills 25 in Pakistani Mosque (Reuters) Reuters - A suicide bomber killed at\least 25 people in a mosque packed with worshippers and wounded\more than 50 when he blew himself up during Friday prayers in\the eastern Pakistani town of Sialkot, police said.
Red Hat Buys Technology from Netscape  SEATTLE (Reuters) - Linux distributor Red Hat Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=RHAT.O qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;RHAT.O&lt;/A&gt;  said on Thursday that it had bought Netscape's computer user  identification and management technology from America Online  Inc., a unit of Time Warner Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=TWX.N qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;TWX.N&lt;/A&gt;
U.S. Cybersecurity Chief Resigns The government's cybersecurity chief has abruptly resigned after one year with the Department of Homeland Security, confiding to industry colleagues his frustration over what he considers a lack of attention paid to computer security issues. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-AP&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Outlook: Teaching vs. Video Games T.C. Williams High School English teacher Patrick Welsh discusses the influence of video games on male students.
Kansas start for Virgin attempt The jet plane in which US adventurer Steve Fossett plans to fly non-stop around the world without refuelling is set for launch in January from Kansas.
'Punk'd' Will Continue 3 More Seasons NEW YORK - A warning to celebrities: you're not in the clear just yet. "Punk'd," hosted by Ashton Kutcher, will continue for three more seasons, MTV spokesman David French confirmed Wednesday...
Stocks Move Higher As Oil Prices Dip NEW YORK - Stocks moved sharply higher Friday as oil prices dipped and a pair of upgrades in the semiconductor sector boosted technology shares.    Investors are closely watching oil prices, which topped \$50 per barrel this week, hoping that consumer spending and sentiment, along with third-quarter earnings, would not be adversely affected by rising energy costs...
Construction Spending Hits All-Time High WASHINGTON - Construction spending surged in August to the highest level on record, while manufacturing grew at a slower pace in September, offering mixed signals about the economy's strength.    The Commerce Department reported Friday that the value of buildings put in place clocked in at a seasonally adjusted annual rate of \$1.02 trillion, a record high...
PeopleSoft Ousts CEO Who Battled Oracle Oct. 1, 2004 - In NEW YORK story headlined  quot;PeopleSoft ousts CEO amid battle with Oracle, quot; please read in paragraph 5,  quot;Oracle launched its surprise takeover bid in June 2003 quot; ... instead of  quot;PeopleSoft launched .. ). NEW YORK (Reuters) - PeopleSoft Inc.
Tivo, Netflix star in double feature Two Silicon Valley companies that have already become household names in tech savvy homes are working together to bring movies to the home digitally.
Columbus may not be buried in Caribbean Researchers who gleaned DNA from 500-year-old bone slivers said Friday that preliminary data suggests Christopher Columbus might be buried in Spain, rather than a rival tomb in the Dominican Republic, but for now they can #39;t be sure.
Andy Roddick Serves 20 Aces at Thailand (AP) AP - Andy Roddick served 20 aces Friday in a 6-3, 6-4 victory over Sweden's Thomas Johansson to reach the Thailand Open semifinals.
Chirac Backs French Vote on Turkey After a meeting with German Chancellor Gerhard Schrder, French President Jacques Chirac said Friday he supports a change to his country #39;s constitution to allow for a referendum on Turkish EU membership.
Avian flu spreads in Thailand as US scientists work BANGKOK Thai authorities announced Friday that avian influenza had spread to poultry in four more provinces, as US researchers made progress in deciphering the genetic code of the virus that killed a woman in northwestern Thailand last week.
Tucsonans worry about alternatives for Vioxx Merck  amp; Co. pulls the drug when a study finds it doubles the risk of heart attack and strokes. Tucsonan Carolyn White feels the pain of rheumatoid arthritis in just about every major joint in her body - shoulders 
Manufacturing grows; construction up; sentiment down The latest round of economic data was again mixed, reports showed Friday: Manufacturing activity increased in September for the 16th consecutive month and construction spending surged in August to a record high.
Insurers See Hurricane Costs as High as \$23 Billion Insurance claims for damage caused in the United States this year by four major hurricanes may reach \$23 billion, surpassing payments on claims for 1992 #39;s Hurricane Andrew, an insurance industry group said on Friday.
Hewlett-Packard buys Synstar IT services company Synstar plc, of Bracknell, England, has been acquired by Hewlett-Packard Co., of Palo Alto, for about \$293.3 million.
RIM beats the Street in Q2, ups the bar Research In Motion Ltd., maker of the popular BlackBerry e-mail device, enjoyed a strong second quarter and upped its expectations Thursday for the remainder of its fiscal year.
2,500-Year-Old Pomegranate Found in Greece ATHENS, Greece - A scientific dig has uncovered four pomegranates believed to be 2,500 years old preserved inside a woven basket nestled in a bronze vessel, a Greek archaeologist said Friday.
Sun, UT Austin Team for Supercomputer Maverick, the new supercomputer from Sun Microsystems and the University of Texas at Austin, promises speedier data analysis for global weather prediction, emergency response management 
Fuel Cell Ups Power Tenfold The much-touted fuel cell technology has got a reprieve from being written off. Japanese companies, network operator NTT DoCoMo and manufacturer Fujitsu are reported to have co-developed a fuel cell recharger for DoCoMo #39;s Foma family of 3g handsets.
Nhema in bid to resume ivory trade A ZIMBABWEAN delegation led by Environment and Tourism minister Francis Nhema is in Thailand to back a bid at the Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species (Cites) conference by southern African countries to resume trade in ivory.
Think Before You Ogo For years now, Research In Motion #39;s (Nasdaq: RIMM) BlackBerry wireless email device has been synonymous with, well, the phrase  quot;wireless email device.
CRICKET: Tendulkar in frame for first Test SACHIN Tendulkar will today be named in India #39;s first Test squad but is considered only a rough chance of playing in a match again threatened by a television wrangle.
The Worm works out with Nuggets Here #39;s a quote from The Worm before the run:  quot;Just because Kiki #39;s my friend, he doesn #39;t have to give me this opportunity.
UEFA Cup: All four Spanish teams come through first round Spanish soccer fans woke to welcome headlines Friday as all four of their teams made it through the first round of the UEFA Cup. Zaragoza beat Sigma Olomouc of the Czech Republic; Athletic de 
US forces storm Iraqi town US-led forces have stormed Samarra and say more than 100 guerrillas have been killed in air strikes and street-to-street combat during a major new American offensive to wrest control of the Iraqi town.
Syria condemns assassination attempt against former Lebanese &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Syria condemned on Friday an attempt of assassination against a former Lebanese minister in Beirut, the state-run SANA news agency reported.
Heartbeat away from third term TONY Blair yesterday entered hospital for heart surgery, rounding off one of his most dramatic and stressful weeks in politics. Making a sudden and unexpected appearance on national TV, Britain #39;s Prime Minister 
Jo #39;burg Airport is Prettiest, Schiphol Most Fun ARRIVING at Amsterdam #39;s Schiphol airport after an overnight flight, I faced a four-hour wait for my onward trip to London. It was a dismal prospect and the rain tapping at the windows did little to lift my spirits - but Schiphol managed to.
The Net could capture up to 500 porn offenders MORE than 500 Australians could be implicated in the international crackdown on Internet child pornography, police said yesterday as the first of those arrested appeared in court.
Does new Peoplesoft CEO signal a buyout? Is PeopleSoft #39;s founder and long-time chief executive back at the helm to accept Oracle #39;s takeover bid, or to dig-in for a long-term battle?
Fighting at Gaza Camp Leaves 20 Dead Description: More than 20 Palestinians are killed in an Israeli raid on the Gaza Strip #39;s largest refugee camp. The Israeli action came a day after a Hamas rocket attack killed two Israeli children.
Time for action The World Bank and International Monetary Fund get-together taking place this weekend in Washington is one of the great annual gatherings of practitioners of a dismal science.
Northwest Air CEO Quits for UnitedHealth Northwest Airlines Corp. (NWAC.O: Quote, Profile, Research) on Friday said Chief Executive Richard Anderson is leaving the company to join a health care group, as the airline struggles 
Level 3 Dialing Up for Dollars Level 3 Communications (Quote, Chart) said it will pay \$34 million cash for Sprint #39;s (Quote, Chart) wholesale dial-up Internet access business.
Some 150 Foreigners Taken Hostage in Iraq -Two Indonesian women, Rosidah binti Anan and Rafikan binti Aming, and two Lebanese men. Video broadcast Sept. 30 shows them being held at gunpoint by masked men and claims responsibility in the name of the Islamic Army in Iraq.
StorageTek Bolsters ILM With Storability Deal StorageTek said Thursday it has acquired Storability to further strengthen its information lifecycle management software portfolio.
Linux: the enemy of my enemy is... my enemy Microsoft Corp finally, it seems, has something in common with Linux: the mutual threat to market share posed by pirated copies of Windows in emerging markets.
Merck Raises Vioxx Prescription Estimate Merck  amp; Co. on Friday raised its estimate of the number of prescriptions written in the United States for its recently recalled heart disease treatment Vioxx.
Update 5: US Pressures China on Currency The Bush administration lobbied Chinese economic officials on Thursday to overhaul a currency regime that American manufacturers contend gives China a huge competitive advantage.
Cincinnati Financial Raises Storm Losses Financial services and insurance company Cincinnati Financial Corp. estimated pretax losses of \$89 million, or 34 cents a share after tax, from catastrophic events in the third quarter, excluding Hurricane Jeanne.
Siemens A1.86bn deal with BBC German industrial giant Siemens has signed aA1.86 billion contract to deliver technology services around the world to the BBC, a deal that will see it acquire the broadcaster #39;s technology subsidiary.
Netflix, TiVo Team Up on Broadband Movie Delivery Netflix and TiVo have signed an agreement to let TiVo subscribers access Netflix #39;s library of movies over broadband Internet connections, the two companies announced Thursday.
RIM Continues Long String of Profitable Quarters Research In Motion Limited (RIM) has reported the results of its most recent financial quarter. Both revenue and profits were higher than the previous quarter.
PeopleSoft Ousts CEO Amid Oracle Battle  NEW YORK (Reuters) - PeopleSoft Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=PSFT.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;PSFT.O&lt;/A&gt; on Friday  fired Chief Executive and President Craig Conway, citing a loss  of confidence, and the software company's shares jumped on  expectations that the move could pave the way for a deal with  hostile bidder Oracle Corp.
2,500-Year-Old Pomegranate Found in Greece A scientific dig has uncovered four pomegranates believed to be 2,500 years old preserved inside a woven basket nestled in a bronze vessel, a Greek archaeologist said Friday.
StorageTek throws lifeline to Storability com Staff. Storage Technology Corp. (StorageTek) has scooped up storage resource management (SRM) company Storability Software Inc.
GM, Ford Raise U.S. Sales Incentives  DETROIT (Reuters) - General Motors Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=GM.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;GM.N&lt;/A&gt; and Ford  Motor Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=F.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;F.N&lt;/A&gt; launched new U.S. sales incentives on Friday as  both automakers struggle with falling market share and high  inventories of unsold vehicles.
Trulli to race in Japan, Brazil Jarno Trulli will replace Toyota #39;s Ricardo Zonta in Japan, before sending F1 veteran Olivier Panis into retirement one grand prix early as the season ends at Interlagos.
Gold Cup all Perfect Drift The wheel has made a full revolution, and Perfect Drift is back in the Hawthorne Gold Cup. He runs like one of the best horses in the country, and has earned more than a half-million 
Oil Holds Above \$49, Eyes Nigeria Truce  LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices remained just below record  highs on Friday amid concern over possible conflict in  Nigeria's oil-producing delta region, where a two-day truce  between rebel militia and government forces is holding.
Death toll in Pakistan mosque explosion reaches 30, dozens injured SIALKOT, Pakistan : At least 30 people were killed and dozens injured in a powerful bomb explosion at a crowded Shiite mosque in Pakistan #39;s eastern border city of Sialkot, police said.
Ex-Boeing Exec Sentenced on Conspiracy  ALEXANDRIA, Va. (Reuters) - The former No. 2 weapons buyer  for the U.S. Air Force, Darleen Druyun, was sentenced on Friday  to nine months in prison for negotiating a \$250,000 job with  Boeing Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=BA.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;BA.N&lt;/A&gt; while still overseeing billions of dollars of  its business with the military.
Tech Stocks Gain on Oil Price, PeopleSoft  NEW YORK (Reuters) -  U.S. stocks rose late on Friday  morning in a broad-based advance as oil prices eased and shares  of software company PeopleSoft Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=PSFT.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;PSFT.O&lt;/A&gt; gave a boost to  the tech-dominated Nasdaq.
Northwest Air CEO Quits for UnitedHealth  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Northwest Airlines Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=NWAC.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;NWAC.O&lt;/A&gt; on  Friday said Chief Executive Richard Anderson is leaving the  company to join a health care group, as the airline struggles  with cutting costs, low fares and tough competition.
Construction, Industrial Data Give Mixed Signals Construction spending surged in August to the highest level on record, while manufacturing grew at a slower pace in September, offering mixed signals about the economy's strength.
US industrial output still rising Industrial output in the US rose for a 16th straight month in September,  ahead of analysts' forecasts.
Contraceptives plan aims to cut koala numbers Two thousand female koalas will be given contraceptives under a new management strategy announced by the Victorian Government. The action is being taken after six years of trials at Mount Eccles between Portland and Hamilton.
Linux Use Growing, But So Is Windows Piracy Eastern Europe, the Middle East and Africa, Latin America and Asia/Pacific -- will ship with Linux operating systems, but 75 percent 
StorageTek Snaps Up Storability StorageTek (Quote, Chart) took another step in filling out its information lifecycle management portfolio this week, acquiring software maker Storability.
Think Before You Ogo (The Motley Fool) The Motley Fool - For years now, Research In Motion's (Nasdaq: RIMM - News) BlackBerry wireless email device has been synonymous with, well, the phrase "wireless email device." Pretty much all of the country's wireless providers support its functions and sell it to their customers. As of this week, however, the company's flagship product has a new rival.
Vitamins Don't Cut Stomach Cancer Risk-Study (Reuters) Reuters - Millions of people take them to stay\healthy but scientists said on Friday that vitamin supplements\do not protect against stomach and other cancers -- and may\even make them worse.
Moderate Earthquake Rocks Nicaragua (AP) AP - A moderate earthquake shook the Pacific coast of Nicaragua early Friday, cracking a few walls and sending frightened residents running into the streets, but there were no reports of injuries.
Third day of talks between Nigerian gov't, oil rebel chief (AFP) AFP - Talks between Nigerian government officials and Niger Delta rebel leader Mujahid Dokubo Asari went into a third day under the shadow of a rebel deadline for foreign oil workers to quit the region, a member of the rebel delegation told AFP.
China vows to move toward flexible exchange rate ahead of G7 meeting (AFP) AFP - China pledged to move toward a flexible exchange rate, the US Treasury Department said, hours ahead of a key meeting of the world's top finance chiefs who are expected to press Beijing to ease its currency policies.
U.S. expert says Canadians should know missile defence won't work (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - OTTAWA (CP) - Washington is putting subtle, but real pressure on Canada to join a proposed missile defence system that won't work anyway, an American scientist says. Ted Postol, a physicist from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, says U.S. authorities warn that Canada will lose its say in continental defence if it takes a pass on the missile system.
South Dakota Electoral Race Is Rerun Under a Shadow (Reuters) Reuters - It has only been four months\since Stephanie Herseth became the first woman ever elected to\the House of Representatives from South Dakota, but the\prominence that win gave her may make the difference as she\faces the same opponent again for a full two-year term.
Stand by your man: Parties defend candidates after Bush-Kerry debate (AFP) AFP - Republican and Democratic leaders each declared victory after the first head-to-head sparring match between President George W. Bush and Democratic presidential hopeful John Kerry.
UN to Launch  #36;30 Mln Drive for Haiti Flood Victims (Reuters) Reuters - The United Nations will launch\a global appeal for  #36;30 million in emergency aid to help Haiti\recover from floods that killed hundreds of people, the\executive director of UNICEF said on Wednesday on a visit to\the impoverished Caribbean nation.
Delhi issues plea on US sanctions India asks the US to withdraw sanctions on two scientists accused of selling nuclear technology to Iran.
Cash musical heading for Broadway A musical about the life and music of the late Johnny Cash called Ring of Fire is being created in the US.
Yankees Clinch 7th Straight AL East Title NEW YORK - Bernie Williams stood with bat in hand, savoring the scene: bottom of the ninth inning, tie score, fans chanting, teammates ready to celebrate. And then he gave them - and himself - a super send-off...
Va. Judge Dismisses Indictment Vs. Sniper FAIRFAX, Va. - A judge dismissed an indictment Friday against convicted sniper John Allen Muhammad, ruling that the state waited too long to try him for capital murder in the death of an FBI analyst who was shot in a store parking lot...
Springsteen to Kick Off 'Vote for Change' PHILADELPHIA - Two of the biggest forces in rock music over the last 20 years were plugging in their amplifiers Friday to kick off a high-volume effort to oust President Bush on Nov. 2...
General Mills to Make All Cereals Whole Grain By JOSHUA FREED     MINNEAPOLIS (AP) -- The Trix Rabbit and that Lucky Charms leprechaun are going on a whole-grain diet. General Mills announced Thursday that it will convert all of its breakfast cereals to whole grain...
Calm in the markets but squalls ahead ? LONDON Amid the wars, terror threats and other tremors rattling political capitals, the global economy and financial markets seem strikingly placid - at first glance, at least.
Update 3: Treasury Bond Prices Fall at Midday The price of the Treasury #39;s 10-year note was down 1/2 point, or \$5 per \$1,000 in face value, while its yield rose to 4.18 percent from 4.12 percent late Thursday.
Don #39;t view that image, it may have hidden code A flaw in the Microsoft programs that was announced on Sep 14, has already paved the way for a deluge of new security threats. The hackers have begun circulating malicious code hidden in images that use the popular JPEG format.
Sun Micro, UT Austin, Team Up on Supercomputer Sun Microsystems Inc. (SUNW.O: Quote, Profile, Research) and the University of Texas at Austin are set to flip the switch on Friday on a unique supercomputer that will vastly speed 
Diatom genome reveals key role in biosphere #39;s carbon cycle WALNUT CREEK, CA--The first genetic instruction manual of a diatom, from a family of microscopic ocean algae that are among the Earth #39;s most prolific carbon dioxide assimilators, has yielded important insights on how the creature uses nitrogen, fats, and 
CLASS ACT ALAN Shearer and Patrick Kluivert teamed up to fire Newcastle into the group stage of the Uefa Cup. It was a striking master-class in Tel Aviv.
Around Sports Tyler Hamilton #39;s title from the Athens Games is  quot;no longer a gold medal in the eyes of the world quot; because of the cyclist #39;s failed drug test, the head of the World Anti-Doping Agency said Thursday.
Analyzing the Conference Finals Matchups Meyers, who was inducted into the Basketball Hall of Fame in 2003, broadcasts WNBA and women #39;s NCAA games for ABC and ESPN. She has also been a regular Blog Squad contributor to WNBA.
Former Lebanese minister escapes death A former Lebanese minister escaped an attempt on his life Friday in an explosion that hit his official car at Beirut #39;s waterfront, security sources said.
Sudanese blood on UN hands No discussion of war in Iraq - Thursday night #39;s presidential debate included - would be complete without a headmaster #39;s scolding of the arrogant and trigger-happy US government.
Does new Peoplesoft CEO signal a buyout? The ouster of Craig Conway and the return of Dave Duffield could be a prelude to PeopleSoft accepting Oracle's offer.
GM, Ford Raise U.S. Sales Incentives (Reuters) Reuters - General Motors Corp.  and Ford\Motor Co.  launched new U.S. sales incentives on Friday as\both automakers struggle with falling market share and high\inventories of unsold vehicles.
Ford Down, Nissan Up in Sept. U.S. Sales  DETROIT (Reuters) - Ford Motor Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=F.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;F.N&lt;/A&gt; posted its fourth  consecutive month of weaker U.S. sales with a 7 percent drop in  September results on Friday, and the automaker doubled its  incentives on some models to kick-start sales this month.
Web Sites Spoof Bush and Kerry With Parodies If you're not ready to feverishly debate Iraq or the deficit in this bitterly divisive election year, you can always surf the Web, where politics is frequently nothing but a big joke. President Bush and challenger John Kerry are spoofed as utter fools on the Internet daily, usually in good fun.
Stocks Ascend as Oil Eases and Techs Gain  NEW YORK (Reuters) -  U.S. stocks moved higher late on  Friday morning in a broad-based advance, as oil prices dipped,  shares of PeopleSoft Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=PSFT.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;PSFT.O&lt;/A&gt; boosted the tech-heavy  Nasdaq and data showed that factory activity stayed at a  healthy pace last month.
Cybersecurity Chief Abruptly Resigns By TED BRIDIS    WASHINGTON (AP) -- The government's cybersecurity chief has abruptly resigned after one year with the Department of Homeland Security, confiding to industry colleagues his frustration over what he considers a lack of attention paid to computer security issues within the agency.    Amit Yoran, a former software executive from Symantec Corp...
India Expects Jump in High-Tech Imports S. SRINIVASAN    BANGALORE, India (AP) -- India's space agency said Thursday its removal from a U.S...
Microsoft Vows Fight on Latest Patent Rejection By ALLISON LINN    SEATTLE (AP) -- In a preliminary ruling, the government rejected Microsoft Corp. (MSFT)'s 1996 patent on technology for saving files on computers using easy-to-remember names...
Cingular Wireless Selling Interactive Unit Cingular Wireless plans to sell one of its older wireless data networks to a group of private investors for an undisclosed sum.   The cell-phone company said Monday it will sell the unit -- the carrier of data for Blackberry e-mail devices, among other things -- to affiliates of New York private-equity firm Cerberus Capital Management LP...
Siemens wins major BBC contract The German engineering giant Siemens acquires the  BBC's IT unit and lands a 2.7bn euros outsourcing contract with the corporation.
China to Move Toward Flexible Currency The Bush administration won a commitment today from China to move "firmly and steadily" to a flexible currency, though the Chinese did not offer a firm timetable.
SearchGuy Partners for Paid Search, Updates Toolbar SearchGuy Partners for Paid Search, Updates Toolbar\\SearchGuy.com Inc., a creative provider of multi category search and advertising services announced it has partnered with Search123, a pay-per-click search engine that allows advertisers to list their sites, bid on keywords and receive targeted search traffic from hundreds of high quality content sites, ...
News: India mulls tough ID rules for cybercafs Internet cafs in parts of India face closure if new regulations forcing them to provide police with names and addresses of all their customers are introduced. Under the new rules, visitors to Internet cafs will have to show their ID cards or be photographed.\
Northwest Airlines CEO resigns Richard Anderson has quit as chief executive officer of Northwest Airlines. He said Friday he has been hired as executive vice president of a health care company which like Northwest is based in Minnesota.
Ford reports lower US sales again Ford Motor Co. said Friday its US sales fell in September despite aggressive month-end incentives. Ford (F: up \$0.05 to \$14.10, Research, Estimates), the nation #39;s second-largest automaker 
Enter your e-mail: This has been a rumor for awhile now, but now it #39;s fact: Netflix and Tivo are teaming up for a service that will let Tivo owners download movies onto their Tivo boxes via a broadband connection.
Russia schedules Soyuz to launch in two weeks Russia is tentatively rescheduling the launch of the next crew of the International Space Station by three days, from Oct. 11 to Oct. 14, foreign news media reported Thursday from Moscow.
Antarctic Ozone Hole Smaller This Year -Scientists A gaping hole in the ozone layer over Antarctica appears to have shrunk by about 20 percent from last year #39;s record-breaking size, New Zealand scientists said on Friday.
Cubs almost Dunn after another loss to Reds The mood in the Chicago Cubs #39; clubhouse Thursday night had the pall of a funeral parlor. The Cubs #39; hopes of making back-to-back postseason appearances for the first time since 
Vitoria sack a second coach this season Struggling Vitoria have sacked their third coach since the Brazilian championship started in late April and brought in 71-year-old Evaristo Macedo in an attempt to avoid relegation.
Gophers rely on golden backfield duo Minnesota coach Glen Mason came to a stop sign on 15th Ave. SE outside the Bierman Athletic Building on Tuesday night and saw his season flash before his eyes.
New Windows Patch Proves Tricky (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - The emergence of a new Internet virus targeting a Microsoft Windows security flaw could cause more damage than usual because the company's system for fixing the problem is so complex that many people will not bother to download it, security experts warned.
Justice Dept. Won't Appeal Oracle Ruling (AP) AP - The Justice Department said Friday it will stop trying to block Oracle Corp.'s hostile  #36;7.7 billion takeover bid for rival business software maker PeopleSoft Inc.
USAF plans space wars, world's space hardware gets nervous 'So what do we do if Galileo's threatening American lives?'
Pavano Finishes Meeting With Yankees (AP) AP - Carl Pavano met with Yankees officials and Reggie Jackson this weekend, then was scheduled to travel to Baltimore to meet with the Orioles.
Ford Down, Nissan Up in September Sales (Reuters) Reuters - Ford Motor Co.  posted its fourth\consecutive month of weaker U.S. sales with a 7 percent drop in\September results on Friday, and the automaker doubled its\incentives on some models to kick-start sales this month.
Construction Spending Hits All-Time High (AP) AP - Construction spending surged in August to the highest level on record, while manufacturing grew at a slower pace in September, offering mixed signals about the economy's strength.
US Stocks Rise as Oil Eases, Techs Surge  NEW YORK (Reuters) -  U.S. stocks moved higher on Friday,  as oil prices edged down and PeopleSoft Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=PSFT.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;PSFT.O&lt;/A&gt; and  chip-related stocks boosted the tech-heavy Nasdaq to its  highest level in more than two months.
A Simpler Conversion A new IRA conversion rule will let you ignore minimum distributions in computing threshold incomes.
Why Do You Invest? Investing without a plan is like becoming a vegetarian because you have a garden. So, why do you invest?
Oracle-PeopleSoft a done deal? Investors bet that now that PeopleSoft has fired Conway, the way is paved for a friendly deal. That was how most Wall Street analysts summed up Oracle #39;s chances of finally acquiring rival software maker PeopleSoft 
Former Air Force Official Convicted Ex-Air Force official Darleen Druyun pleaded guilty earlier this year to a criminal conspiracy charge for her role in a deal that gave her a lucrative job with Boeing.
Toyota: Resistance Is Futile Here #39;s a theme you #39;ll be reading variations on for years to come: Toyota Motors (NYSE: TM) as Borg. (No, not the Stock Advisor pick, Borg Warner (NYSE: BWA).
Belgian unit to boost Cytec revenue SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW) -- Cytec Industries Inc. #39;s acquisition of the surface specialties business from UCB will produce a quick and significant revenue boost, Credit Suisse First Boston said Friday.
Missouri Energy Provider Buys Ill. Power Ameren Corp. said Friday it has completed its purchase of Illinois Power Co. from Dynegy Inc. of Houston for about \$500 million in cash and \$1.
Siemens wins major BBC contract A subsidiary of the German engineering giant Siemens has landed a 2.7bn euros outsourcing contract with the British Broadcasting Corporation (BBC).
Perhaps Donald Trump really has found the secret to success When cosmetics and fragrance company Estee Lauder recently made that claim, as it announced plans for its latest men #39;s scent - Donald Trump, The Fragrance - financial analysts snickered.
BEA vows to fight off suitors But the company, which appeared on an Oracle takeover list, acknowledges that it can't stop someone from trying.
Shear class Newcastle manager Graeme Souness has managed some top strikers, but he reckons there are few better than Alan Shearer and Patrick Kluivert.
 #39;Greedy #39; SA Rugby Bids to Host 2011 World Cup Event SA RUGBY, the controlling body of the sport in SA, has sent a letter of intent to the International Rugby Board (IRB) confirming its desire to host the 2011 Rugby World Cup.
Colorado Rockies Team Report - October 1 (Sports Network) - The Colorado Rockies will try to play the role of spoiler this weekend when they take on the playoff-hopeful Houston Astros in a season- ending three-game series, starting tonight from Minute Maid Park.
UPDATE 1-Solberg maintains lead, Loeb in third World champion Petter Solberg has strengthened his lead after winning the final stage in leg one of the Rally of Italy on Friday. Championship leader Sebastien Loeb is improving steadily in third.
LSU, Georgia meet in key rematch of SEC Championship Game Before the season, college football fans circled this SEC showdown as one of the Games of the Year, and although LSU comes in with a loss, this contest should live up to the billing.
Spain poised to sanction same-sex marriages MADRID Spains cabinet proposed legislation Friday allowing same-sex marriages and for homosexuals to adopt children, pressing ahead with its liberal agenda despite vociferous opposition from the influential Roman Catholic Church.
Calif. passes cell phone recycling bill Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger makes recycling of discarded mobile phones mandatory for handset makers.
Metcalfe, Allen back ZigBee start-up Ember, a start-up developing chips for ZigBee, gets money from Paul Allen's venture fund. Bob Metcalfe comes aboard as chairman.
Lawmakers Eye Pediatric Drug Rule Change  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The discovery that antidepressants  may increase suicidal tendencies in children  has prompted some  lawmakers and physicians to ask if changes are needed to  financial incentives given to drug makers for pediatric  research.
Judge Challenges EU Position on Microsoft  LUXEMBOURG (Reuters) - A top European Union judge  challenged the EU executive's reasoning in its antitrust court  battle with Microsoft Corp. on Friday, questioning why it  opposed the U.S. software giant's setting industry standards.
Ford Down, Nissan Up in September Sales Ford Motor Co. posted its fourth consecutive month of weaker U.S. sales with a 7 percent drop in September results on Friday, and the automaker doubled its incentives on some models to kick-start sales this month.
Enron's Chief Financial Officer Resigns  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Enron Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=ENRNQ.PK target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;ENRNQ.PK&lt;/A&gt; said Friday  Chief Financial Officer Raymond Brown resigned and will be  replaced on an interim basis by Robert Bingham.
Congress seeks to end rule that favors banks  WASHINGTON -- Congress is trying to end a practice that unintentionally has allowed banks to take in billions of dollars meant to help students pay for college.
Ford Reports Disappointing U.S. Sales Ford's car and truck business sales fell nearly 7 percent in September from a year ago.
Fear Collects at Greg Manning Questions about the auction company lead to a drop in the stock price. Does fear create an opportunity?
Washington Post Looking at Slate Is the newspaper publisher's interest in the online magazine a stab at building a pay product?
Pain in store after major drug recall As many as 15,000 New Zealanders will be forced to find an alternative form of pain relief after the worldwide recall of the drug Vioxx, which has been found to double the risk of heart attacks and strokes.
PeopleSoft #39;s Schizophrenia Craig Conway was fired from PeopleSoft (nasdaq: PSFT - news - people ) today, the same day the company announced that its third-quarter license revenue will be much better than expected.
S amp;P upgrades Illinois Power to investment-grade Standard  amp; Poor #39;s on Friday upgraded the debt ratings for Illinois Power Co. to investment grade status, after the company was acquired by investment-grade rated Ameren Corp.
Lazard asks pay cut before IPO-report The head of Lazard LLC is asking partners to take a one-third pay cut as the investment bank readies for an initial public offering, according to a report published Friday.
Solberg marches on in Italy Sebastien Loeb hit back on stage three of the Italian Rally in Sardinia today but could not prevent world championship rival Petter Solberg stretching his lead to half a minute.
Williams gives Giants hope Jerome Williams gave the San Francisco Giants just the jolt they needed last night. Pitching for the first time in two months, the 22-year-old Waipahu High graduate from Hawai 
PeopleSoft ousts CEO PeopleSoft Inc. officials said thier board of directors has ousted Craig Conway from the chief executive officer #39;s job. Conway has been one of the company #39;s strongest opponents of a proposed \$7.
Former Boeing Official Druyun Sentenced to Prison (Update1) Former Boeing Co. official Darleen A. Druyun was sentenced to nine months in prison for secretly negotiating a job for herself while representing the Pentagon in talks with the company 
Boeing Beware Boeing (NYSE: BA) needs to watch its back because Airbus is determined to keep its lead in commercial aircraft. The Wall Street Journal reported Thursday that Airbus is getting 
Developing countries propose WTO study A group of developing countries Friday proposed that the World Trade Organization study the global impact of phasing out a textiles and clothing quota system, saying many countries are losing out because of this trade liberalization.
Space race sparks new interest The race to collect the Ansari X Prize has all the makings of a good television reality show. But the competition to win the \$10 million prize is also drumming up renewed interest in space flight at a time 
Gasol extends Grizzlies contract The Spanish player was pivotal for the Grizzlies last year, averaging 17.7 points, 7.7 rebounds and 1.69 blocks per game. The 7-foot Gasol came in an impressive 20th overall in the NBA in field goal percentage, and 18th in blocks.
Blair leaves hospital after heart operation LONDON : British Prime Minister Tony Blair left hospital for home after undergoing surgery to correct an irregular heart beat, according to live television reports from the scene.
Blast rips through Pakistan mosque killing 22 At least 22 people have been killed and dozens more injured in what police say was a suicide attack at a crowded Shiite Muslim mosque in eastern Pakistan.
Kerrys Unilateralism Of all the exchanges in the first presidential debate, at the University of Miami Thursday night, the one I found most perplexing was over the North Korean nuclear issue.
U.S. Forces Storm Iraqi Town, Say 109 Rebels Killed  SAMARRA, Iraq (Reuters) - U.S.-led forces stormed Samarra  Friday and said more than 100 guerrillas were killed in air  strikes and street-to-street combat during a major new American  offensive to wrest control of the Iraqi town.
Update 1: Merck a Drag on Drug Sector Merck  amp; Co. #39;s decision to pull its Vioxx anti-arthritis drug from the markets due to severe side effects left pharmaceutical sector mixed Thursday.
China eyes flexible exchange rate Officials say the country will move away from peg of 8.28 yuan to the dollar amid US pressure. WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Chinese officials reiterated that the country would move toward a flexible foreign exchange 
Enron #39;s Chief Financial Officer Resigns Enron Corp. (ENRNQ.PK: Quote, Profile, Research) said Friday Chief Financial Officer Raymond Brown resigned and will be replaced on an interim basis by Robert Bingham.
Research in Motion Boosts Guidance Research In Motion (RIMM ) posted second-quarter earnings per share of 36 cents, vs. 1 cent one year earlier, on a sharp revenue rise.
San Francisco Hotels Lock Out Workers After Strike Ten San Francisco hotels locked out union workers on Friday in response to a strike at four others hotels that are part of the same bargaining unit, raising the stakes in a confrontation that could spread to other cities around the 
Wenger admires desire of duo Arsene Wenger insists he would rather have players in his Arsenal squad who vent their frustrations when things go wrong than men who do not care about the team #39;s performance.
Sharapova steamrolls into Seoul semis Seoul, Korea (Sports Network) - Wimbledon champion Maria Sharapova was an easy quarterfinal winner Friday at the \$140,000 Korea Open Tennis Championships.
Gasol inks extension with Grizzlies CBC SPORTS ONLINE - Pau Gasol agreed to a multiyear contract extension with the Memphis Grizzlies on Friday.  quot;We are delighted to reach a contract agreement with Pau, quot; Jerry West, the Grizzlies #39; president of basketball operations, said Friday.
Greene within sight of two big marks South Gwinnett grad David Greene needs just one more win to become the winningest quarterback in Georgia history. ATHENS - David Greene isnt much of a stats guy, but heres one he can embrace.
Mark Kreidler: Best of three? Bee Sports Columnist. A divisional title on the line against Anaheim at the Large Net this weekend, and, for the A #39;s, it #39;s still all about the Big Three.
Groton soldier killed in blasts in Iraqi capital A 40-year-old soldier from Groton died yesterday in an explosion in Iraq, apparently while delivering candy to Iraqi children during a government-sponsored celebration to inaugurate a sewage plant in Baghdad, according to family and news reports. The apparent car bombs reportedly left about 35 children dead. Army Staff Sergeant Darren Cunningham, a father of two, had been serving in Iraq ...
Justice Dept. won't appeal Oracle ruling After a ruling that crushed its arguments against Oracle's plan to acquire PeopleSoft, antitrust regulators call it a day.
Memphis Signs Gasol to Multi-Year Deal MEMPHIS, Tenn. - Pau Gasol, the 2002 NBA rookie of the year, has signed a multi-year contract extension with the Memphis Grizzlies...
Over 100 Killed in U.S. Assault in Iraq SAMARRA, Iraq - U.S. and Iraqi forces launched a major assault Friday to regain control of the insurgent stronghold of Samarra, trading gunfire with militants as they pushed toward the city center...
HP buys British services company Synstar Hewlett-Packard completes its \$293 million bid for the company, in a move to better compete against IBM.
Merck stock takes big hit after recall As far as stock hits go, this ranks up there as one of the worst. Merck  amp; Co. lost more than \$26.6 billion in value yesterday - yes, that #39;s billion with ab - after the pharmaceutical giant 
Research Is Definitely in Motion Whatever happened to the days of  quot;being one with nature, quot; and  quot;getting away from it all quot;? First cell phones and pagers made us accessible 24 hours a day, and now Research In Motion #39;s 
Microsoft To Appeal Denial of Its FAT Patent The patent office sided with the Public Patent Foundation, which argued that several examples of so-called  quot;prior art quot; were in existence when Microsoft sought to patent FAT.
Linux Community Steamed over Windows Piracy Report Controversy has erupted in the open-source world over a report from the Gartner Group that predicts the vast majority of personal computers sold in Asia, Latin America and Eastern Europe that 
Industry #39;s First  #39;Smart #39; SD Memory Card A Secure Digital (SD) card is a tiny memory card used to make storage portable among various devices, such as car navigation systems, cellular phones, eBooks, PDAs, smartphones, digital cameras, music players, camcorders, and personal computers.
Federer, Roddick lead charge into Bangkok semis Bangkok, Thailand (Sports Network) - The world #39;s top players -- Roger Federer and Andy Roddick -- highlighted Friday #39;s quarterfinal winners at the \$550,000 Thailand Open.
Brazil Posts \$3.17 Billion Trade Surplus High prices for commodities and agricultural goods on international markets helped Brazil post a \$3.17 billion trade surplus in September, the trade and development ministry said Friday.
Paul Allen funds wireless chip start-up Ember, a start-up developing chips for ZigBee, gets money from Paul Allen's venture fund. Bob Metcalfe comes aboard as chairman.
MSN Messenger 7 Beta Includes Search MSN Messenger 7 Beta Includes Search\\Microsoft is planning to limited beta release the latest version of Instant Messaging client MSN Messenger as early as next week. The screenshots of one of the early leaked release were available on tech sites earlier this week but were later removed on Microsofts request. ...
News: U.S. cybersecurity chief abruptly resigns, cites frustration The Associated Press By Ted Bridis
PeopleSoft Fires Conway, Names Founder Duffield Chief (Update6) PeopleSoft Inc. fired Chief Executive Officer Craig Conway, raising the likelihood the business- software maker will give up its 16-month fight against Oracle Corp.
Lawyers: Microsoft #39;s FAT Patent Defeat  #39;Significant #39; How significant is the US Patent and Trademark Office #39;s initial rejection of Microsoft #39;s FAT (file allocation table) file system patent claims?
DNA Testing May Curb Illegal Ivory Trade Description: Delegates from 160 nations are gathering in Thailand for a meeting on international trade in endangered species. They will discuss new genetic research that makes it easier to trace poached ivory.
MSN Putting Search in IM Beta Hoping to drive users to its new MSN Search service, Microsoft (Quote, Chart) announced it will release a new beta of its messenger client with an embedded search bar.
Microsoft tests MSN Messenger 7.0 A select group of testers next week will get an early look at MSN Messenger 7.0, the next version of Microsoft #39;s popular instant messaging client.
Vandeweghe #39;s uncommon ways bear results From JR Rider to Nikoloz Tskitishvili to Dennis Rodman, Nuggets general manager Kiki Vandeweghe has raised many eyebrows with his moves.
Cavaliers sign Lucious Harris Lucious Harris signed Friday with the Cleveland Cavaliers, who hope the New Jersey Nets veteran can strengthen a backcourt weakened by injuries during the playoffs last season.
Cubs collapse in 12th again CHICAGO - Javier Valentin doubled home the go-ahead run with two outs in the 12th inning and the Cincinnati Reds played spoilers again, sending the Chicago Cubs to a crushing 2-1 defeat Thursday afternoon.
Wenger to discipline Arsenal #39;s brawling duo Arsenal #39;s brawling stars will face punishment after it emerged Patrick Vieira and Lauren had a bust-up on the team bus this week.
Gold-en ruling on Hamilton Cyclist Tyler Hamilton, a hill climber extraordinaire, may have conquered his toughest summit Friday when the International Olympic Committee ruled the Marblehead native 
Super Solberg shows way in Sardinia. Subaru team leader Petter Solberg has established a comfortable lead following leg one of the Rally Italia Sardinia today Friday, the Norwegian 30.
US resists Russian embrace of Kyoto THE US stood firm in rejecting the Kyoto Protocol on global warming yesterday despite renewed pressure to yield after Russia ended years of hesitation by moving to ratify the treaty.
Asia Specialists Note N. Korea Split in Bush-Kerry Debate US diplomacy in dealing with North Korea #39;s nuclear weapons program drew the attention of two Asia specialists who watched US President George W. Bush and Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry.
BA plane diverted after hoax Dutch police have given the  quot;all-clear quot; to a British Airways flight from Berlin to London which was diverted to Amsterdam #39;s Schiphol airport with a Dutch fighter jet escort because of a bomb threat.
US Air Reaches Giveback Deal with Pilots (Reuters) Reuters - Bankrupt US Airways Group Inc.\ reached a tentative agreement on Friday with\negotiators for its pilots union on  #36;300 million in annual\concessions.
A Simpler Conversion (The Motley Fool) The Motley Fool - In 2005, a little-known change in the tax law will let more people, primarily older and wealthier retirees, take advantage of moving funds from their traditional IRA to a Roth IRA.
PeopleSoft Ousts CEO Amid Oracle Battle  SAN FRANCISCO/NEW YORK (Reuters) - Oracle Corp.'s &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=ORCL.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;ORCL.O&lt;/A&gt;  hostile bid for rival PeopleSoft Corp.&lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=PSFT.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;PSFT.O&lt;/A&gt; was strengthened  on Friday as U.S. antitrust regulators dropped their case  against the merger and PeopleSoft fired its chief executive,  Craig Conway, who had led the fight against Oracle.
As ancient meat-eaters grew, they also died out Being the biggest dog might pay off at feeding time, but species that grow too large are likely to be be more vulnerable to extinction, new research suggests.
Partnerships Abound At RFID Conference Sun and Texas Instruments were among the companies saying they could do more with allies during the EPC Global conference. By Elena Malykhina.
Memphis re-signs Gasol to multi-year deal Memphis, TN (Sports Network) - The Memphis Grizzlies signed All-Star forward Pau Gasol to a multi-year contract on Friday. Terms of the deal were not announced.
NATO reinforces its security forces in Afghanistan The North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) reinforced its security forces in Afghanistan Friday as part of international efforts to safeguard the presidential election on October 9.
The Fall-Out from Vioxx Pharmaceutical giant Merck  amp; Co. chose to go on the offensive and voluntarily withdraw its arthritis drug Vioxx from the market Thursday.
EU accuses Microsoft of paternalistic view : Microsoft Corp. today said that small companies and their customers would suffer most if it is forced to remove its digital media software from Windows, while the European Union accused 
Manufacturing activity rose in Sept. NEW YORK - Manufacturing activity rose in September for the 16th consecutive month, but at a more gradual pace than in August, an industry research group reported Friday.
Weathermen to get Visualization Supercomputer Maverick combines highly sophisticated visualization technology with a high-bandwidth next generation network to tackle some of the nation #39;s most pressing concerns, including Emergency Response Management and Flood Modeling (specifically for the state of 
Thompson out for a month Celtic have confirmed they expect midfielder Alan Thompson to be out for between four and six weeks. The player was carried off during Wednesday night #39;s defeat by AC Milan in the San Siro with a hamstring injury.
Mount St. Helens a Volcanic 'Ring of Fire' (AP) AP - Three or four times every minute, Mount St. Helens shivers. Sometimes the majestic peak even shudders, the trembling beneath reaching a crescendo, a magnitude of 3.3.
Tourists Await Mount St. Helens Eruption (AP) AP - Camcorder in hand, Sheri Ray stood on Johnston Ridge  #151; named for a man who died in the cataclysmic eruption of Mount St. Helens in 1980  #151; and waited impatiently for the volcano to blow again.
Israeli Army Confronts Homemade Weapons (AP) AP - It's a hugely lopsided fight, pitting Israeli troops with high-tech arms and precise intelligence against untrained Palestinian gunmen relying on homemade weapons.
Egypt needs to invest five billion dollars a year more: PM (AFP) AFP - Egypt needs to invest 20 billion pounds (five billion dollars) a year more to achieve the government's target growth rate of six percent, Prime Minister Ahmed Nazif was reported as saying.
Canada May Not Hand N.Koreans Over to China Soon (Reuters) Reuters - Canada does not expect to hand over to\China any time soon 44 North Korean asylum seekers who scaled the\fence to enter the compound this week and is preparing for what\may be a long stay, an official said on Friday.
Hydro-Quebec had the right to cut power at house of delinquent account holder (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - OTTAWA (CP) - Hydro-Quebec had the right to cut power at the home of clients who refused to pay the utility money from another building they own, the Supreme Court of Canada ruled Friday.
Justice Dept. Halts Effort to Block Oracle-PeopleSoft Merger The news comes on the same day that business software maker PeopleSoft Inc. fired CEO Craig Conway, the feisty leader who engineered the company's dogged resistance to a \$7.7 billion takeover bid by rival Oracle.
Pinochet faces tax evasion charge Chile's Inland Revenue files tax evasion charges  against the former military ruler Augusto Pinochet. 
Richard Avedon, Dean of Photographers, Dead at 81 Richard Avedon, the revolutionary photographer who redefined fashion photography as an art form while achieving critical acclaim through his stark black-and-white portraits of the powerful and celebrated, died Friday. He was 81.
Remains Found in Search for Hacking Body SALT LAKE CITY - Police on Friday recovered human remains at a landfill where investigators have been searching for the body of Lori Hacking, the missing Utah woman whose husband is charged in her death.    It was not immediately clear whether the remains were those of Hacking, 27, who has not been seen since July 18...
Armored Vehicles Mass at Gaza Border JEBALIYA REFUGEE CAMP, Gaza Strip - Armored vehicles massed on Gaza's border Friday after Israel's security Cabinet approved a large-scale military operation - dubbed "Days of Penitence" - to stop Palestinian rocket fire.    Defense Minister Shaul Mofaz had ordered troops to "exact a price" from the militants, security officials said, after a Hamas rocket killed two children, ages 2 and 4, in an Israeli border town...
Briefly: Level 3 to buy Sprint's dial-up business roundup Plus: Cisco CEO's salary shoots up from \$1...SanDisk ups capacity on flash memory cards...Google tests Froogle in U.K.
PeopleSoft to Conway: You're fired The abrupt ouster of CEO Craig Conway comes after 15 months of battle against a hostile takeover bid by Oracle.
Enron #39;s chief financial officer resigns NEW YORK - Enron Corp. Friday said Chief Financial Officer Raymond Brown resigned to pursue other job opportunities and will be replaced on an interim basis by Robert Bingham.
Molson Issues Profit Warning on Slow Sales Shares in Molson Inc. slumped Friday after the brewer warned its summer-quarter earnings would be lower than expected due to slow sales in Canada and problems with profitability in Brazil.
Manufacturing Activity Strong in September NEW YORK Oct. 1, 2004 - Manufacturing activity remained strong in September and construction spending surged to a record high in August, according to a pair of reports issued Friday that provided an optimistic look at the sturdiness of the economy.
Level 3 to buy Sprint #39;s dial-up business com October 1, 2004, 10:51 AM PT. There #39;s no doubt the Internet will continue to make its mark in the world of business and technology.
Boeing Ships 67 Commercial Planes in 3Q Aircraft manufacturer Boeing Co. on Friday said it shipped 67 commercial airplanes during the third quarter, including 49 of its next-generation 737 mid-range planes.
Memphis Signs Gasol to Multi-Year Deal (AP) AP - Pau Gasol, the 2002 NBA rookie of the year, has signed a multi-year contract extension with the Memphis Grizzlies.
Science prize celebrates fish flatulence, hula hoops Winners of "Ig Nobel" Prize say herring "talk" via flatulence. But wouldn't saying "excuse me" lock them into a never-ending cycle?
Youngsters Return Yankees Playoff Tickets (AP) AP - Talk about temptation:  #36;20,000 worth of box seat tickets for New York Yankees playoff games, just lying there on the street. Nine youngsters who came across the tickets turned them in.
State police look for answers behind former NFL player #39;s death HERKIMER, NY -- State police said Friday they may never know what pushed a former NFL player to lead them on a dramatic highway chase ending with a fiery head-on crash that took his life.
Annan: Syria is in breach of UN resolution Secretary-General Kofi Annan said Friday the Security Council #39;s call for all foreign forces to be removed from Lebanon and all militias in Lebanon to be disarmed  quot;have not been met, quot; a finding that places Lebanon and Syria in violation of the council #39;s 
Cavs 4-0 Heading Into Meat of Schedule (AP) AP - When he resigned as coach of the New York Jets to take over his alma mater nearly four years ago, Al Groh made it clear very quickly that he planned to change the culture of Virginia football.
Putting Woes for Tiger as Problem Shoulder Improves  THOMASTOWN, Ireland (Reuters) - Three-times winner Tiger  Woods stayed in the hunt for a third successive WGC-American  Express Championship crown after Friday's second round, but was  frustrated his putting let him down.
Level 3 to buy Sprint's dial-up business The network service provider is spending \$34 million on the dial-up Internet access business.
Els Surges Into Lead Ernie Els shoots an 8-under 64 that gives him a two-shot lead over Todd Hamilton in the American Express Championship.
Yen Rises on Corporate Sentiment Poll The yen rose on Friday after a closely watched Bank of Japan (BOJ) survey showed further improvement in Japanese business sentiment.
China To Move Toward Flexible Currency WASHINGTON -- The Bush administration on Friday won a commitment from China that it will move to a flexible, market-based currency.
Science prize celebrates fish flatulence, hula hoops That #39;s assuming the Scottish Association for Marine Science is correct in its conclusion that the tiny fish communicate via strategic gas releases, one of the scientific breakthroughs recognized in the 2004  quot;Ig Nobel quot; Prizes.
Red Hat to buy Netscape assets for \$20.5mn NEW YORK, October 1 (newratings.com) - Red Hat Inc (RHAT.NAS) has agreed to acquire certain Netscape Security Solutions assets from American Online Inc (AOL), a unit of Time Warner Inc (TWX), for \$20.
Energy Department Hacked Nearly 200 Times In Last Year The department must do more to lower the risk of cyberattacks against its IT systems and networks, an internal report says. By George V. Hulme.
Sun lassoes Longhorn-sized supercomputer win Sun Microsystems and the University of Texas have teamed to create an UltraSparc-powered giant that will crunch 3D tasks for the school.
StorageTek buys up remainder of Storability Two years after buying Southborough-based Storability Inc. #39;s services business, Storage Technology Corp. scooped up the rest of the venture capital-backed company, the companies announced Thursday afternoon.
Soccer: UEFA charge Ferencvaros over Millwall violence LONDON : European football governing body UEFA will take action against Hungarian champions Ferencvaros after the violence which scarred their UEFA Cup win over Millwall.
Federer, Roddick, Safin Into ATP Bangkok Semifinals The top four seeds stormed into the ATP Bangkok semifinals Friday without dropping a set, three of who are current or former No. 1 players.
Former Net brings playoff experience Cleveland Cavaliers: Lucious Harris signed Friday with the Cavs, who hope the New Jersey Nets veteran can strengthen a backcourt weakened by injuries last season.
Early sparring between Tito, Mayorga There were several moments during the Felix Trinidad/Ricardo Mayorga press conference at Madison Square Garden on Wednesday that it seemed possible there would be a deterioration 
State police seek answers in former NFL player #39;s fiery death State police believe alcohol may have played a role in the death of former NFL player Justin Strzelczyk, but said Friday they may never know what pushed him to lead troopers on the highway chase that led to his death.
ESPN.com news services The New York Mets started looking for a manager even before they announced Omar Minaya as general manager and president of baseball operations Thursday, lining up Carlos Tosca for an interview, according to the New York Daily News.
Blast Kills at Least 25 at Shiite Mosque SIALKOT, Pakistan Oct. 1, 2004 - A suicide attacker carrying a bomb in a briefcase struck a Shiite mosque crammed with hundreds of worshippers in eastern Pakistan, killing at least 25 people and wounding more than 50 during Friday prayers.
Spain Moves Forward With Gay Marriage (Madrid) The cabinet of Prime Minister Jose Luis Rodriguez Zapatero Friday approved a bill legalizing same-sex marriage and allowing gay couples to adopt.
Mutual Funds Close Out Poor Third Quarter (AP) AP - With a disappointing third quarter behind them, mutual funds are hoping for a better performance in the last three months of the year. Technology and growth funds, which suffered the most during the summer, are in a good position for a comeback  #151; if the economy shows signs of strength.
Tesco Joins Ranks of RFID-Enabled Retailers (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - British supermarket conglomerate Tesco (Nasdaq: TESOF) has announced it will extend its use \of RFID across its supply chain in time for the Christmas rush.
Informer (Forbes.com) Forbes.com - In September 2003 Waddell  amp; Reed Financial boss Keith A. Tucker and retired president Robert L. Hechler sued anonymously to stop accountancy KPMG from fingering them to the Internal Revenue Service as users of a questionable tax shelter. The pair lost, but the case stalled disclosure of their names until April. Hechler says in a new lawsuit that the IRS missed the Apr. 15, 2004 deadline for challenging his 2000 tax return within three years of filing and that the federal judge who said the executives were "trying to run out the clock" wrongly extended the deadline. ...
Oil Back Over \$50, Market Eyes Nigeria  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Oil prices pierced the \$50-a-barrel  mark again on Friday amid concern over possible conflict in  Nigeria's oil-producing delta region, where a two-day truce  between rebel militia and government forces is holding.
Charles River, the Outsourced Expert Charles River dishes out advice to clients. It looks like the company is also taking its own advice.
Cheaper Movies Paramount for Viacom Management might favor lower-budget films. Shareholders should hope so.
PeopleSoft Pushes Out Conway The board expresses a loss of confidence, but denies the firing is linked with Oracle's takeover bid.
Mexico's 'Volcano of Fire' Spews Lava (AP) AP - Western Mexico's "Volcano of Fire" unleashed a towering column of smoke and ash Friday, after ropes of burning, orange lava poured from its peak overnight.
Atlantic Hurricanes Should Slow in Oct-Forecaster (Reuters) Reuters - A noted storm forecaster offered\Floridians some good news on Friday as they mopped up from an\unprecedented four hurricanes in six weeks by forecasting that\the disastrous Atlantic hurricane season will go out with a\whimper rather than a bang.
Antarctic Ozone Hole Smaller This Year -Scientists (Reuters) Reuters - A gaping hole in the ozone layer\over Antarctica appears to have shrunk by about 20 percent from\last year's record-breaking size, New Zealand scientists said\on Friday.
Yoran quits DHS Amit Yoran, the Homeland Security Department #39;s cybersecurity chief, abruptly resigned Thursday, saying that he has accomplished his goals for the job, which he had for a year.
SpaceShipOne to proceed with second flight for X Prize Los Angeles The creators of SpaceShipOne are going for the ten (m) million-dollar prize. Despite an unexpected roll during its flight on Wednesday, designer Burt Rutan (ruh-TAN #39;) has given notice that he will 
British Grand Prix off 2005 F1 Schedule London, England (Sports Network) - According to Formula One boss Bernie Ecclestone, the British Grand Prix will be left off next year #39;s Formula One Grand Prix Schedule.
Merck stops \$2.5 bn painkiller Those taking Vioxx are twice as prone to cardiac problems than patients taking a placebo. Shares in Merck, the US pharmaceuticals giant, plunged by 27 per cent yesterday after the company withdrew Vioxx, its 
Business sentiment hits 13-year high Business sentiment among major Japanese manufacturers improved in the June-September quarter for the sixth straight time, reaching the highest level in more than 13 years, the Bank of Japan (BOJ) said Friday.
China Pledges to Move Steadily on Forex Chinese officials reiterated their country would move toward a flexible foreign exchange rate, but offered no new specifics on the timing in a joint statement issued on Friday after talks with high-level US officials.
WRAPUP 2-US factory, construction data show solid growth US factory growth stayed strong in September according to reports on Friday, while construction spending in the prior month hit a record high for a seventh month 
Ex-Air Force Official Sentenced in Case ALEXANDRIA, Va. Oct. 1, 2004 - A former top Air Force procurement official was sentenced to nine months in prison after admitting for the first time Friday that she helped Boeing Co.
Level 3 to buy Sprint #39;s modem pools for \$34 million BROOMFIELD, Colo. (Dow Jones/AP) -- Level 3 Communications Inc. said Friday it agreed to buy the wholesale dial-up Internet access business of Sprint Corp.
Sun and The University of Texas Power Up One-of-a-Kind &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The fastest type of computer. Supercomputers are very expensive and are employed for specialized applications that require immense amounts of mathematical calculations.
New MSN Messenger beta leaks onto Web com October 1, 2004, 11:46 AM PT. There #39;s no doubt the Internet will continue to make its mark in the world of business and technology.
Utah shoots for 5-0 start at New Mexico Friday BRISTOL, Connecticut (Ticker) -- Trying to crash the BCS party, No. 14 Utah hopes to stop a recent trend against New Mexico when the Mountain West Conference rivals meet Friday.
Solberg claims early lead in Italy PORTO CERVO, Sardinia -- Norway #39;s Petter Solberg made a storming start to the Rally of Italy as he built up a lead of more than half a minute after three stages.
Trinidad won #39;t let thoughts wander Mention Bernard Hopkins, and Felix Trinidad winces. Bring up Oscar De La Hoya or Roy Jones, and Trinidad shakes his head. Back among boxing #39;s biggest names, Trinidad is ending more than two years of retirement 
Sanneh: A vital Crew member Despite a complicated injury to his back and pelvis that kept him out of action for most of the 2003-2004 campaign, the US National Team defender played well during the final two months of the season for FC Nurnberg and helped his club earn a promotion to 
NOVAK AND CANAS SET UP SHOWDOWN Second seed Jiri Novak and number three Guillermo Canas will meet in the Heineken Open semi-finals in Shanghai after both posted straight-sets victories on Friday.
Roman Catholic Church furious over Spain #39;s gay marriage plan Spain #39;s cabinet proposed legislation Friday that would allow same-sex couples to marry and gays to adopt children, pressing ahead with its liberal agenda despite vociferous opposition from the influential Roman Catholic Church.
Mount St. Helens Eruption Imminent, Experts Say Washington State's Mount St. Helens volcano is primed to erupt any day now, scientists say. They predict the blast will be weaker than the 1980 explosion that killed 57 people.
Photographer Fights African Poaching With Grisly Pictures Photographer and conservationist Karl Ammann discusses why he takes often shocking photos of African apes and other rare animals killed for meat. &lt;i&gt;With photo galleries.&lt;/i&gt;
Sharon Tells Party Rebels He #39;s Not Afraid of Early Elections Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon sent a stern warning to rebels in his Likud Party today, saying he would not hesitate to call early elections if they prevented him from bringing the moderate Labour Party into the government.
Russia, Turkey sign documents on cooperation development ANKARA, December 6 (Itar-Tass) - President Vladimir Putin and his Turkish counterpart Ahmet Necdet Sezer have signed a joint declaration on deepening friendship and comprehensive partnership between Russia and Turkey.
Outsourcing picks up in Malaysia More Malaysian companies are tapping third parties to take care of IT. It could be a \$350 million market in five years.
SpaceShipOne to launch again Monday Paul Allen and Burt Rutan's aircraft will try to repeat its 100km altitude feat to seal its victory for the \$10 million prize.
Netflix Connects with TiVo (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - Netflix (Nasdaq: NFLX) and TiVo (Nasdaq: TIVO) have agreed to collaborate on delivering movies via the Internet, developing technology and working with Hollywood studios to secure content for digital distribution.
Linux Community Steamed over Windows Piracy Report (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - A Gartner Group report on PC hardware sales in emerging global markets has stirred up controversy in both the open-source and proprietary software worlds. Eighty percent of personal computers sold in Asia, Latin America and Eastern Europe that ship with the Linux operating system eventually will be running a pirated copy of Windows, predicts Gartner.
Mount St. Helens Releases Plume of Steam (AP) AP - Mount St. Helens began belching a huge column of white steam Friday after days of rumblings and earthquakes that suggested the volcano that erupted with cataclysmic force in 1980 was about to blow its top again.
Report: U.S. cybersecurity chief resigns WASHINGTON - The head of cybersecurity efforts at the U.S. Department of Homeland Security (DHS) has reportedly resigned this week, leaving his job after giving a one-day notice.
SIA: Chip growth slowed in August Industry analysts have served notice that the double-digit growth of the PC industry is slowing, which has already had an effect on the growth rates of the chip industry, according to the Semiconductor Industry Association.
Strong African Force Sought in Darfur (AP) AP - U.N. mission officials in Sudan said Friday they hope an expanded African force will be on the ground in Darfur by the end of October, after Sudan's foreign minister agreed to allow in 3,500 outside troops.
House Panel Moves to Limit Floor Access (AP) AP - A Cabinet member's role in pressing lawmakers to back the Medicare prescription drug law last year prompted the House ethics committee to recommend changing a 200-year-old rule allowing the president's top appointees access to the House floor.
Israel launches air raid on Gaza An Israeli helicopter fires missiles into Gaza City as the army steps up operations against Palestinian militants.
Fashion photographer Avedon dies US photographer Richard  Avedon, renowned for his  portraits of the rich and famous, dies aged 81.
Richard Avedon, Dean of Photographers, Is Dead at 81 Richard Avedon's fashion and portrait photographs helped define America's image of style, beauty and culture for the last half-century.
Powell Regrets Iraq Weapons Claim for War ATLANTA - Secretary of State Colin Powell said Friday he regrets the Bush administration claimed that Iraq had stockpiles of weapons of mass destruction in its argument for war, but he believes the world is better off without Saddam Hussein.    Following a speech to the Atlanta Press Club, Powell defended the bulk of his presentation to the United Nations in February 2003 in which he made the case for war in Iraq...
U.S. Cybersecurity Chief Abruptly Resigns WASHINGTON - The government's cybersecurity chief has abruptly resigned from the Homeland Security Department amid a concerted campaign by the technology industry and some lawmakers to persuade the Bush administration to give him more authority and money for protection programs.    Amit Yoran, a former software executive from Symantec Corp., made his resignation effective Thursday as director of the National Cyber Security Division, giving a single's day notice of his intention to leave...
Remains Found in Search for Hacking Body SALT LAKE CITY - Police found what appeared to be human remains Friday at a landfill where investigators have been searching for the body of Lori Hacking, the Utah woman allegedly murdered by her husband.   "Odds are, if it's human, it's Lori," said Detective Phil Eslinger...
UPDATE 1-Fannie Mae whistle-blower won #39;t testify A former Fannie Mae (FNM.N: Quote, Profile, Research) employee who gave US regulators information about alleged accounting irregularities will not testify as planned before a congressional hearing next week, the committee 
Memphis Re-Signs Gasol to Multi-Year Deal (Reuters) Reuters - The Memphis Grizzlies\signed All-Star forward Pau Gasol to a multi-year contract on\Friday. Terms of the deal were not announced.
Guantanamo Brit  #39;tortured #39; London - A British detainee at Guantanamo Bay claims to have been tortured by the United States, Sky news reports. Moazzam Begg says he also witnessed the deaths of two fellow detainees  quot;at the hands of US military personnel quot;.
Els Shoots a 64 to Move Two Clear at Mount Juliet  THOMASTOWN, Ireland (Reuters) - World number three Ernie  Els overcame difficult weather conditions to fire a sparkling  eight-under-par 64 and move two shots clear after two rounds of  the WGC-American Express Championship Friday.
Memphis Re-Signs Gasol to Multi-Year Deal  MEMPHIS, Tenn. (Sports Network) - The Memphis Grizzlies  signed All-Star forward Pau Gasol to a multi-year contract on  Friday. Terms of the deal were not announced.
Saks to Close 11 Stores,  700 Jobs Cut (Reuters) Reuters - Retailer Saks Inc.  on Friday\said it will close eight of its luxury Saks Fifth Avenue stores\and three of its lower-price Off 5th stores, resulting in a\loss of 700 jobs at those stores.
Factory, Construction Data Show Growth  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. factory growth stayed strong in  September according to reports on Friday, while construction  spending in the prior month hit a record high for a seventh  month in a row, showing the economy's expansion remains solid.
Saks to Close 11 Stores,  700 Jobs Cut  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Retailer Saks Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=SKS.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;SKS.N&lt;/A&gt; on Friday  said it will close eight of its luxury Saks Fifth Avenue stores  and three of its lower-price Off 5th stores, resulting in a  loss of 700 jobs at those stores.
GM's U.S. Sales Surge  DETROIT (Reuters) - General Motors Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=GM.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;GM.N&lt;/A&gt; on Friday  said its U.S. sales soared a surprising 20.5 percent in  September, but the U.S. automaker also cut production and  raised incentives as it grapples with high inventories of  unsold vehicles.
Druyun draws stiffer sentence for role in Boeing tanker scandal Darleen Druyun, the Air Force negotiator who used the 767 tanker program to help land a job at Boeing, was sentenced to nine months in federal prison today after admitting that she had intentionally 
Mercedes-Benz Posts Slight Sales Increase Mercedes-Benz USA, a unit of DaimlerChrysler AG, posted a slight increase in September sales Friday, in a month with one more selling day that the year before.
Univ. of Michigan September sentiment falls to 94.2 WASHINGTON (CBS.MW) -- Consumer sentiment eroded in late September, according to media reports Friday of proprietary research from the University of Michigan.
Three Cosmic Explosions Could Precede Supernovae A trio of powerful explosions emanating from three different regions in space could mean astronomers might see stars blowing up within days, scientists said on Friday.
Roberts highlights CFL monthly honorees Toronto, ON (Sports Network) - Winnipeg Blue Bombers running back Charles Roberts was named the Canadian Football League #39;s Offensive Player of the Month for September.
Blair has surgery to fix heartbeat, resting at home British Prime Minister Tony Blair underwent a successful operation today to correct an irregular heartbeat and was recovering at home, a hospital official said.
Iraq Attack Kills Dozens of Children The wails echoed off the tile surfaces of the emergency room at Yarmouk Hospital. Amid the blood and stretchers, Majeed Aboud turned his tear 
Toyota US Sales Surge in September Toyota Motor Sales USA Inc. on Friday said strong demand for Toyota cars and record sales of Lexus sport-utility vehicles drove a 10.
Alliance Gaming Misses the Jackpot Things have gone from bad to worse at Alliance Gaming (NYSE: AGI), the nation #39;s number-two slot manufacturer. A weak first-quarter outlook incited the wrath of investors 
China calls on World Bank to help small cotton producers hit by &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; GENEVA : China called on the World Bank and the International Monetary Fund (IMF) to help small textile and clothing exporting countries that are threatened by the end of import quotas at the end of the year.
RIAA hunts down more file-trading scum The RIAA (Recording Industry Association of America) knows how to kick of the back-to-school season with a splash, sending out another load of lawsuits to collegians everywhere.
Hitachi, NEC Form Switch Venture By eWEEK Staff. Hitachi Ltd. and NEC Corp. said Thursday that the two companies have established a joint venture specializing in the production of routers and switches.
Owen hoping for Depor lift to ensure England place England coach Sven-Goran Eriksson says striker Michael Owen must prove in training next week that he deserves to face Wales in a World Cup qualifier - or risk losing his place.
Cincinnati Reds Team Report - October 1 (Sports Network) - The Cincinnati Reds will start a season-ending three-game series versus the Pittsburgh Pirates tonight at Great American Ball Park.
British Guantanamo Detainee Alleges Torture, Murder by US Military &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; A British man detained by the US military as an enemy combatant in the war on terror says he was tortured while held in Afghanistan and claims he saw fellow detainees killed by American soldiers there.
Els pulls ahead in Ireland Kilkenny, Ireland (Sports Network) - Ernie Els fired an eight-under 64 on Friday to take the lead midway through the World Golf Championships - American Express Championship.
G-7 finance ministers meet in Washington; China agrees to work on &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The US administration, facing huge and politically sensitive trade deficits, secured China #39;s pledge Friday to work harder to move its currency toward a flexible exchange rate, which would make US goods more competitive abroad.
Saks to close Carmel store, ten others The Saks Fifth Avenue store in the Carmel Plaza in Carmel is being closed as the upscale fashion retailer adjusts its portfolio. It #39;s one of eight Saks stores and three Off 5th stores being shut down by Saks 
Call of the wild next summer for Dolce and Gabbana, Ferre (AFP) AFP - Dolce and Gabbana and Gianfranco Ferre both heard the call of the wild for next summer, filling their ready-to-wear collections shown here on Friday with real and fake animal skins from big cats to crocodile, python and kangaroo.
Solanski hits tour victory Vikram Solanki beat the rain clouds to register his second one-day international century as England won the third one-day international to wrap up a series victory.
US cybersecurity chief resigns The top cybersecurity official in the United States has resigned, a little over a year after joining the Department of Homeland Security, the agency said Friday.
Red Hat wants some of Netscape Enterprise Solutions Red Hat has expanded its Open Source portfolio through an agreement to acquire specific assets of Netscape Security Solutions, namely the Netscape Directory Server and the Netscape Certificate Management System, both part of the Netscape Enterprise Suite.
Greek archaeologists find 2,500-year-old pomegranates preserved in &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; ATHENS, Greece - A scientific dig has uncovered four pomegranates believed to be 2,500 years old preserved inside a woven basket nestled in a bronze vessel, a Greek archaeologist said Friday.
IBM Upgrades Web-Transaction Performance Tool IBM on Friday introduced an upgrade of its performance-monitoring software for web-based transactions, expanding its view of transaction flows by adding support for more infrastructure components.
South African could take over No. 2 spot THOMASTOWN, Ireland -- World No. 3 Ernie Els fired a sparkling second-round 8-under-par 64 Friday to move two shots clear in the WGC-American Express Championship.
Racing: Norway #39;s Solberg takes overnight lead in Rally of Italy OLBIA, Italy : Norway #39;s reigning world champion Petter Solberg, driving a Subaru Impreza, took the overnight lead in the Rally of Italy, the 13th round of the 16-race world championship, here in Sardinia.
Royal Bank clerks asked to display rainbow stickers to support gays, bisexuals (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - TORONTO (CP) - Thousands of Royal Bank clerks are being asked to display rainbow stickers at their desks and cubicles to promote a safe work environment for gays, lesbians, and bisexuals.
Democratic Camp See Winds of Change Boosting Kerry (Reuters) Reuters - Democrat John Kerry's campaign was\declared a no-gloat zone on Friday after the White House\challenger's debate against President Bush but aides said winds\of change had begun to blow through the race.
Zawahri Urges Muslims to Hit U.S. Allies' Interests  DUBAI (Reuters) - An audio tape attributed to Al Qaeda's  deputy leader urged Muslims Friday to organize resistance  against "crusader America" and its allies throughout the world.
Heart Op Over, UK's Blair Now Risks Succession War  LONDON (Reuters) - Britain's Prime Minister Tony Blair  underwent successful heart surgery on Friday and returned home  looking relaxed following a surprise vow to serve a record  third term and deny rivals power for five more years.
NASA Tracks Three Space Bursts, Says Stellar Explosions Imminent Three powerful bursts of energy from different regions of space could presage spectacular explosions of huge stars, astronomers just announced.
IBM Enhances Transaction Monitoring Tool IBM will launch Friday a new version of its Tivoli transaction-performance monitoring product that greatly expands the range of application transactions it can track.
Big Easy comes through on a tough day in Ireland Playing some of his best golf in the worst conditions, Els breezed through a wacky day of weather at the American Express Championship by starting with four straight birdies and finishing with an 8-under 64, giving him a two-shot lead and hope that he 
Al-Zawahri calls for resisting  #39;crusaders #39; DOHA (Aljazeera) -- An audio tape from Ayman al-Zawahri has called for organized resistance against what the senior al-Qaeda leader describes as invading crusaders in the Muslim world.
Syria Has No Plan to Pull Troops from Lebanon -- UN  UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - Syria has failed to meet a U.N.  Security Council demand that it pull its troops out of Lebanon  and has given no timetable for when it would do so, U.N.  Secretary-General Kofi Annan said on Friday.
Syria 'refusing to leave Lebanon' The UN chief says Syria has not complied with a Security Council resolution by withdrawing troops from its neighbour, Lebanon.
Data: Columbus Might Be Buried in Spain (AP) AP - Researchers studying DNA from 500-year-old bone slivers said Friday that preliminary data suggests Christopher Columbus might be buried in Spain, rather than in a rival tomb in the Dominican Republic  #151; but for now they cannot be sure.
Kansas company sells wholesale dial-up Internet business Sprint Corp., which is based in Kansas and also conducts business in the Wichita area, has sold its wholesale dial-up Internet access business to Level 3 Communications Inc.
Werder could be next on Bayern warpath Bremen, Germany (Sports Network) - Bayern Munich finished in an unfamiliar position last season: second place. Werder Bremen knocked the defending champions off its pedestal during the 2003/04 campaign.
Dementieva, Clijsters in Stars Semis (AP) AP - Former No. 1 Kim Clijsters beat seventh-seeded Magdalena Maleeva 6-3, 6-4 Friday to reach the semifinals at the Gaz de France Stars, her first tournament after missing five months with a left wrist injury.
NJ Spurns Venezuela's Plan for a Bald Eagle Refuge (Reuters) Reuters - New Jersey has spurned an offer by\Venezuela's national oil company to donate an island in the\Delaware River as a bald eagle preserve, but the eagles which\nest there will still be protected from planned development.
Developing countries seek greater voice in IMF, World Bank leadership (AFP) AFP - Developing countries chastized the IMF and the World Bank for what they said had been a failure to give them greater decision-making power in the two institutions and urged that the next World Bank president be chosen regardless of nationality.
PeopleSoft Ousts CEO Amid Oracle Battle  SAN FRANCISCO/NEW YORK (Reuters) - PeopleSoft Corp.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=PSFT.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;PSFT.O&lt;/A&gt; fired its chief executive Craig Conway on Friday just  hours before U.S. antitrust regulators said they would drop  their case against Oracle Corp.'s &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=ORCL.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;ORCL.O&lt;/A&gt; \$7.7 billion hostile  bid for its software rival.
G7 Finance Chiefs Mull Oil  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Worried soaring oil prices could  hurt the best global prospects in years, finance chiefs from  wealthy nations met on Friday to try to work out what lay  behind the surge and how to buffer the economic expansion.
Ex-Air Force Buyer Gets 9-Months Prison  ALEXANDRIA, Va. (Reuters) - The U.S. Air Force's former No.  2 weapons buyer was sentenced to nine months in prison on  Friday after telling the court she had given Boeing Co. a  rival's secret data and inflated weapons deals to ingratiate  herself with the company, her future employer.
Fannie Mae Whistle-Blower Won't Testify  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A former Fannie Mae &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=FNM.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;FNM.N&lt;/A&gt; employee  who gave U.S. officials information about what he saw as  accounting irregularities will not testify as planned before a  congressional hearing next week, a House committee said on  Friday.
China Agrees to Work on Exchange Rate The Bush administration, facing huge and politically sensitive trade deficits, secured China's pledge Friday to work harder to move its currency toward a flexible exchange rate, which would make U.S goods more competitive abroad.
Oil Ends Above \$50 on Nigeria Fears Oil prices ended above the \$50-a-barrel mark on Friday amid concern over possible conflict\in Nigeria's oil-producing delta region, where a two-day truce between rebel militia and government forces is holding.
Fannie Mae Whistle-Blower Won't Testify &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A former Fannie Mae employee whogave U.S. regulators information about alleged accountingirregularities will not testify as planned before acongressional hearing next week, the committee said Friday.&lt;/p&gt;
Oil Closes Over \$50 as Market Eyes Nigeria Oil prices pierced the \$50-a-barrel mark again today amid concern over possible conflict in Nigeria's oil-producing delta region.
Updated Tungsten, Treo set for release PalmOne's product revamp includes a Tungsten handheld that won't let data die and a Treo packed with higher-end features.
CA to name CEO in 30 to 45 days Computer Associates International Inc. (CA) expects to fill its chief executive officer (CEO) vacancy within the next 30 to 45 days, the company said Friday.
Microsoft gives NT4 users support boost Microsoft has improved its support for Windows NT 4.0 Server and has outlined how it will end support for e-mail system Exchange Server 5.5.
Peoplesoft Partners Shocked, Thrilled Company founder and former CEO Dave Duffield is now back aboard full time, replacing the ousted former CEO Craig Conway. Solution providers, while shocked at Conway #39;s unexpected departure, were largely thrilled that Duffield is back full throttle.
Dueling views in EU case The Los Angeles Times published an especially vivid account (free reg. required) of yesterday #39;s proceedings at the European Court of First Instance in Luxembourg, on the first day of the hearing in which Microsoft 
Saks to close LI store Saks Inc. announced plans to shut seven Saks Fifth Avenue stores, including one in Garden City, LI, and three Off 5th discount stores.
GM up 20 percent; Ford disappoints again; Toyota, Nissan, Chrysler &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; General Motors Corp., aided by a late-month clearance sale on 2004 models, said Friday its new vehicle business rose a surprising 20 percent in September, which appeared to help push up overall industry results despite bad weather 
Carpenter blow for Cards Pitcher Chris Carpenter, a 15-game winner for St Louis this season, will miss the opening round when they their play-offs campaign next week.
The Innovation Economy -- This Way To The Future (BusinessWeek Online) BusinessWeek Online - Seventy-five years is a mere blink of history's eye. Yet since 1929, when BusinessWeek was first published, the world has been transformed by profound innovation and technological wizardry. Three-quarters of a century ago, there were no safe and effective antibiotics, no jet travel, no commercial television, and no computers. Many died of routine infections. A five-day ocean voyage was the main way to get from America to Europe, and "wireless" meant the wood-paneled Radiola in the parlor. Since then our mastery of the physical and biological world has strengthened remarkably. ...
French girl shaves head in scarf protest A Muslim schoolgirl has bowed to France #39;s ban on Islamic headscarves in state schools by returning to class and removing her veil to reveal a head shaved bald in protest.
EU Order Against Microsoft Questioned (AP) AP - The European judge deciding whether to suspend the European Union's landmark antitrust ruling against Microsoft Corp. pushed the EU to justify its sweeping order  #151; questioning Friday whether the move would rein in the U.S. software giant or raise costs for others.
Sun Thumper server plans leaked to &lt;cite&gt;The Reg&lt;/cite&gt; &lt;strong&gt;Exclusive&lt;/strong&gt; Opteron is go go go
Stocks Rise; Nasdaq, S P at 3-Month Highs  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Stocks rose sharply on Friday in heavy  trading as software company PeopleSoft Inc. and chip-related  stocks boosted the Nasdaq and Standard   Poor's 500 indexes to  their highest closes in about three months.
Oil Ends Above \$50 on Nigeria Fears  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Oil prices ended above \$50 a barrel on  Friday amid concern over possible fighting in Nigeria's  oil-producing delta region, where a two-day truce between rebel  militia and government forces was holding.
US OKs Emergency Oil Loan to 4th Refinery  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Energy Department said on Friday  it has approved another emergency oil loan to a refining  company to make up for crude supplies disrupted by Hurricane  Ivan.
Raid in Kashmir leaves six dead Five Indian police and one fighter were killed in the region #39;s biggest separatist raid since Pakistan Prime Minister Shaukat Aziz visited India last month, police said.
Crude settles above \$50 for first time The price of oil settled above \$50 a barrel for the first time Friday amid concerns over tight supplies globally and hurricane-related production problems in the Gulf of Mexico.
New Stanford center probes nanoscale material The National Science Foundation (NSF) has awarded \$7.5 million over five years to establish the Center for Probing the Nanoscale (CPN) at Stanford University.
Black to Sue Hollinger Committee for C\$1.1 Bln Fallen press baron Conrad Black will sue Hollinger International Inc. #39;s special committee and others for C\$1.1 billion (\$870 million) over a report that accused him of looting the company of millions of dollars.
Agreement reached on Guillen suspension Oakland, CA (Sports Network) - On the day that Jose Guillen and the Anaheim Angels were to appear in front of an arbitrator, the two sides reached an undisclosed financial settlement Friday.
Al-Qaeda tape urges attacks on US allies An audio tape purportedly released by Osama bin Laden #39;s deputy urges young Muslims to get organised and go after the United States and its allies, according to comments aired by al-Jazeera TV.
Annan: Lebanon, Syria did not comply with 1559 BEIRUT: Lebanon and Syria have failed to comply with the demands of last month #39;s UN Security Council Resolution 1559, which calls for respecting Lebanon #39;s sovereignty and political freedom, UN 
CA to name CEO in 30 to 45 days Computer Associates has been without a permanent CEO since Sanjay Kumar stepped down in April. Kumar was indicted last month on charges related to accounting scandal at CA and has pleaded innocent to the charges.
PeopleSoft's Craig Conway had hits, losses From a changed attitude at PeopleSoft Inc. to the company's acquisition of J.D. Edwards   Co. last year, Craig Conway clearly made a difference during his five years as CEO.
Q A: Red Hat's CEO on his company's latest acquisition After his company announced plans to acquire security and authentication tools from Netscape Security Solutions, Red Hat Inc. CEO and chairman Matthew Szulik spoke to Computerworld about the company's plans.
Justice Department won't appeal Oracle/PeopleSoft decision The Justice Department has decided to drop its legal efforts to block Oracle from moving ahead with its 15-month-old hostile takeover bid for rival PeopleSoft.
CIO Survey: IT spending cools slightly in September Some 250 CIOs surveyed last month by CIO magazine said they expect their IT budgets to grow by 7.4 during the next year, down slightly from the 8.9 spending increase respondents predicted in August.
Intel plans faster bus for Pentium 4 Extreme Edition Increasing front-side bus speed from 800 to 1,066 MHz addresses crucial bottleneck in system performance.
Hitachi, NEC launch networking equipment joint venture First products from Alaxala Networks include a high-end gigabit router, a high-end multilevel switch and a mid-range multilevel switch.
Brief: HP acquires Synstar for \$293M In a move designed to help it better compete in Europe, Hewlett-Packard said it has acquired Synstar PLC, a U.K.-based technology services firm, for \$293 million.
Sun ships Java upgrade, focuses on ease of use Sun this week unleashed its Java 2 Platform Standard Edition 5.0, code-named Tiger, an upgrade that includes more than 100 new features.
PeopleSoft opens way for Oracle bid by firing chief Peoplesoft, the software company under siege from a hostile \$7.7bn (4.3bn) bid by its larger rival Oracle, yesterday sacked its chief executive, Craig Conway, increasing 
Factory, Construction Data Show Growth US factory growth stayed strong in September, according to reports on Friday, while construction spending hit a record high in August for a seventh month in a row, showing the economy #39;s expansion remains solid.
Penn granted \$11.6M The University of Pennsylvania has landed a five-year, \$11.6 million grant from the National Science Foundation to establish a center that will study the intersection of biological and physical systems at the molecular level.
UPDATE 1-GM finance unit GMAC files \$3 billion debt shelf General Motors Acceptance Corp., the finance arm of General Motors Corp. (GM.N: Quote, Profile, Research) , may periodically sell up to \$3 billion in adjustable-rate demand notes, according to a regulatory filing on Friday.
Kerry Gets Post-Debate Bounce in Election Futures Online futures traders raised their bets on Democratic presidential candidate Sen. John Kerry on Friday after the first debate with President Bush, although the overall odds still favored the incumbent.
Homeland Security Cybersecurity Chief Abruptly Resigns Yoran helped form US-CERT, the government #39;s cybersecurity information clearing house, but was reportedly frustrated with his post #39;s limited authority and budgets.
Farting Herring, Suicides Garner Ig Nobels Oct. 1, 2004 - A research team that showed herring communicate by farting and the authors of a study on the effect of country music on suicide were among the winners of the 2004 Ig Nobel prize.
Apple launches iMac G5 Troubleshooting Assistant As the new iMac G5 makes its way to customers, Apple has added an iMac G5 Troubleshooting Assistant to its online support area. The system starts with broad issues, such as  quot;When I press 
 #39;Take it or leave it #39; letter doesn #39;t sit well with Ecclestone LONDON -- Formula One chief Bernie Ecclestone rejected an offer to save the British Grand Prix, leaving the country without F1 racing for the first time in 54 years.
Klitschko desperate for win Wladimir Klitschko has admitted his fight against DaVarryl Williamson could decide whether he has a boxing future. Klitschko is hoping to get back to winning ways on Saturday after his second-round loss to 
McNair #39;s condition improved  #39;significantly #39; Steve McNair stretched and ran Friday, but he didn #39;t throw any passes. He #39;s looking healthy enough that Tennessee coach Jeff Fisher won #39;t rule him out against San Diego.
Cricket crisis: Reform or face the music Indian cricket and crisis seem to be made for each other. Such are the ways of the Board of Control for Cricket in India (BCCI) that the sport continues to lurch from one crisis to another.
Australia named in al-Qaeda tape A TAPED message thought to be from al-Qaeda #39;s second in command has urged young Muslims to target Australian interests. The terror network #39;s deputy leader, Ayman al-Zawahri, is believed to be behind the recording, broadcast on Al-Jazeera television.
Beirut car bombing wounds ex-Cabinet minister, kills driver and &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; A lawmaker who defied Syria and voted against extending President Emile Lahoud #39;s term survived an assassination attempt Friday when a parked, explosives-rigged vehicle blew up in Beirut.
Head of wildlife trade body warns of dense rules The head of the world body regulating trade in endangered animals has warned the system was too complicated and was making it difficult to police the multi-billion dollar wildlife industry.
Putin favors veto right for India as permanent UNSC member In an apparent damage control exercise, Russian President Vladimir Putin on Saturday said he favored veto rights for India as new permanent member of the UN Security Council.
PeopleSoft sacks CEO Craig Conway Just two weeks after staging a defiant user conference in San Francisco , Craig Conway was ousted as CEO of PeopleSoft. Industry observers are divided on the cause: some say it was performance-related, while 
WTO takes up textiles quota issue Following todays seven-hour talks on the elimination of textiles quotas, the World Trade Organization Council on Trade in Goods will reportedly reconvene later this month for formal talks on the impact of quota elimination on Jan.
Nucleus Software buys 25.1 in GMAC Nucleus Software Exports Ltd today announced the purchase by the company and its nominees of 10,040,000 equity shares of Chennai-based GMAC Financial Services India Ltd, the Indian automotive finance operation of General Motors Acceptance Corporation.
US, EU to stick to textile quota phase-out deadline #39; THE US and the EU are not backing the move by some least developed countries (LDCs) to stall the abolition of apparels #39; export quota regime slated for January 1, next year.
Saks to Close 11 Stores, 700 Jobs Cut Retailer Saks Inc. (SKS.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Friday said it will close eight of its luxury Saks Fifth Avenue stores and three of its lower-price Off 5th stores, resulting in a loss of 700 jobs at those stores.
Enron CFO Raymond M. Bowen resigns HOUSTON -- Enron Corp. #39;s chief financial officer since a month after the energy company went bankrupt in December 2001 resigned effective Friday.
Gates stumps in Silicon Valley BERKELEY, Calif.--Microsoft Chairman Bill Gates kicked off a whirlwind day in the Bay Area on Friday, talking to college students about a range of topics, from open-source software to malaria to the next Xbox.
Kerry Gets Post-Debate Bounce in Election Futures (Reuters) Reuters - Online futures traders raised their\bets on Democratic presidential candidate Sen. John Kerry on\Friday after the first debate with President Bush, although the\overall odds still favored the incumbent.
Britain removed from the start line BERNIE ECCLESTONE sounded the death knell for the British Grand Prix when he turned down a last-minute offer to save the nation #39;s biggest motor race.
Revitalised Els on birdie blitz A revitalised Ernie Els went on a birdie blitz overnight to snatch the second round lead of the World Golf Championships (WGC) in Ireland.
Gasol gets six more years to play for West, Brown Pau Gasol has been in the NBA for three seasons. That #39;s been long enough for the 7-foot Spaniard to realize he wants to keep working with Jerry West and Hubie Brown.
Boxing News -- 24 hours/day - Reload often! It is time for redemption in the eyes of heavyweights Wladimir Klitschko and DaVarryl Williamson when they collide this Saturday October 2nd in the new outdoor Amphitheatre at Caesars Palace in Las Vegas, Nevada.
Couples makes early move with 67, fast start for Els Former US Masters champion Fred Couples made the first significant move in the WGC-American Express Championship second round on Friday, surging up the leaderboard with a five-under-par 67.
I-Team: Jamal Lewis, Prosecutors Working On Plea Deal ATLANTA, Ga. -- Prosecutors are working on a plea deal with Baltimore Ravens star running back Jamal Lewis, the WBAL-TV 11 News I-Team has learned.
Bin Laden top lieutenant calls for attacks on US, UK DUBAI - Ayman al-Zawahri, the second in command of al-Qaeda and a close aide to Osama bin Laden, has purportedly called for attacks on US and British interests everywhere, according to a new audiotape.
Suicide bomber kills 30 in Pak ISLAMABAD, OCTOBER 1: A suicide bomber blew himself up inside a Shiite mosque packed with worshippers during Friday prayers killing at least 30 people and injuring 70 others in Sialkot, Pakistan.
Sudan accepts expanding mandate of international force Facing demands for quick action from the United States and UN human rights experts, Sudan #39;s foreign minister pledged to allow 
Bill Gates: U.S. Need Not Fear Overseas Tech (Reuters) Reuters - The United States has nothing\to fear from rapidly growing technology markets in China and\India, Bill Gates, chairman and chief software architect of\Microsoft Corp.  said on Friday.
Blair admitted to Hammersmith Hospital for heart operation : World News  gt; London, Oct 1 : British Prime Minister Tony Blair was today admitted to the Hammersmith Hospital in west London for corrective treatment of an irregular heartbeat.
Bill Gates: U.S. Need Not Fear Overseas Tech  BERKELEY, Calif. (Reuters) - The United States has nothing  to fear from rapidly growing technology markets in China and  India, Bill Gates, chairman and chief software architect of  Microsoft Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=MSFT.O qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;MSFT.O&lt;/A&gt; said on Friday.
Oil Ends Above \$50 on Nigeria Fears  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Oil prices ended above \$50 a barrel on  Friday amid concern over possible fighting between rebels and  the military in Nigeria's oil-rich delta region.
Factory, Construction Data Show Growth  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. factory growth stayed strong in  September, according to reports on Friday, while construction  spending hit a record high in August for a seventh month in a  row, showing the economy's expansion remains solid.
GM Leads Stronger U.S. Vehicle Sales  DETROIT (Reuters) - General Motors Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=GM.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;GM.N&lt;/A&gt; on Friday  said its U.S. sales soared 20.5 percent in September as  month-end incentives from the world's largest automaker lured  consumers back to dealerships after three months of weaker  results.
Crude oil futures at \$50 a barrel The price of crude oil ends above \$50 a barrel for the first time in 21 years of trade on New York's Nymex exchange.
Amid Battle With Oracle, PeopleSoft Fires Its Chief In a surprise move, PeopleSoft today fired its president and chief executive officer, Craig Conway, citing a "loss of confidence."
APM gets smart with ProactiveNet's latest Intelligent software is the Holy Grail of application development -- especially in the APM (application performance management) arena, where system administrators are perpetually on the lookout for more efficient ways to sift through mountains of metrics and alert data.
What, price lettuce? What has IT got to do with the price of lettuce in China? I'll give you a hint.
Gates stumps in Silicon Valley Microsoft Chairman Bill Gates chats with Berkeley students about everything from open source to malaria to the next Xbox.
H-1B visa limit for 2005 already reached The annual cap of 65,000 new H-1B visas for the fiscal year just started has been met, CNET News.com has learned.
New Fronts Form Against Online-Music Trading The Recording Industry Association of America has filed a new round of lawsuits against 762 people it believes have been illegally posting and downloading music on such networks as Kazaa and eDonkey.
Network Appliance, EMC refine security strategies Network appliance will announce this week additional capabilities and partnerships for its NetApp NetCache line of Internet security appliances. Meanwhile, EMC will unveil a major upgrade to its ILM (information life cycle management) product line with a focus on adding application-aware components.
HP completes acquisition of UK consultant Synstar Hewlett-Packard Co. on Friday announced that it has completed its\$293 million acquisition of UK-based IT services company Synstar PLC.
RIAA files 762 new file-trading lawsuits WASHINGTON - The Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA) has filed 762 new lawsuits against alleged file-traders using P-to-P (peer-to-peer) services, with the total number of lawsuits filed since September 2003 now reaching more than 5,500.
Gates pitches computer science, biology studies BERKELEY, CALIFORNIA - "You can't go wrong in computer science," Microsoft Corp. Chairman and Chief Software Architect Bill Gates told University of California, Berkeley students on Friday. Some students, however, were unhappy with the way Gates responded to questions about increasing competition for jobs from China and India.&lt;p&gt;ADVERTISEMENT&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;&lt;img src="http://ad.doubleclick.net/ad/idg.us.ifw.general/sbcspotrssfeed;sz=1x1;ord=200301151450?" width="1" height="1" border="0"/&gt;&lt;a href="http://ad.doubleclick.net/clk;9228975;9651165;a?http://www.infoworld.com/spotlights/sbc/main.html?lpid0103035400730000idlp"&gt;SBC Case Study: Crate   Barrel&lt;/a&gt;&lt;br/&gt;What sold them on improving their network? A system that could cut management costs from the get-go. Find out more.&lt;/p&gt;
Judge ponders effectiveness of MS remedies LUXEMBOURG - The judge deciding whether Microsoft Corp. must comply with the European Commission's remedies for the company's antitrust violations questioned Friday whether the steps ordered by the Commission will effectively curb Microsoft's power.
Newswire: First-half Online Ad Spending Soars (AdWeek.com) AdWeek.com - Internet ad revenue rose nearly 40 percent to  #36;4.6 billion in the first half of 2004 compared to the year-ago period, according to a report released last week. In the second quarter, online ad revenue was  #36;2.37 billion, up almost 43 percent from  #36;1.66 billion during the same period last year and up 6 percent from  #36;2.23 billion in the first quarter. The figures are from the Internet Revenue Report, sponsored by the Interactive Advertising Bureau and conducted independently by the New Media Group of PricewaterhouseCoopers. ...
UN Council Approves 5,900 More Troops for Congo (Reuters) Reuters - The U.N. Security Council voted\unanimously on Friday to send another 5,900 peacekeepers to the\Congo, less than half of what U.N. Secretary-General Kofi Annan\had requested.
U.N. War Court Transfers First Case to Serbia (Reuters) Reuters - The U.N. war crimes prosecutor sent\the first case to the Serbian judiciary Friday in a move that\could warm ties between the Hague-based court and Belgrade.
Kissinger Criticized Subordinates (AP) AP - Former Secretary of State Henry Kissinger suggested punishing subordinates who criticized military dictatorships in Chile and Argentina in the 1970s, declassified documents show.
RCMP should get better training to deal with domestic abuse, says coroner (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - BURNABY, B.C. (CP) - New RCMP recruits should get more training about spousal abuse and more supervision when handling such complaints, a coroner has suggested.
UN Rights Officials Talks of War Crimes in Darfur (Reuters) Reuters - U.N. envoys told the Security\Council on Thursday that war crimes had probably occurred on "a\large and systematic scale" in Sudan's Darfur region and called\for foreign police to help stop abuses.
UN Council Approves 5,900 More Troops for Congo  UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - The U.N. Security Council voted  unanimously on Friday to send another 5,900 peacekeepers to the  Congo, less than half of what U.N. Secretary-General Kofi Annan  had requested.
APP aims to complete restructuring by end January Asia Pulp  amp; Paper, the largest corporate defaulter in emerging markets history, said on Monday it aimed to have a restructuring in place by the end of January for a majority of the 
US pushes to take Iraq rebel town More than 100 people die as US and Iraqi forces launch a major attack to regain control of the town of Samarra.
Mount St. Helens Releasing Steam After Days of Quakes After a week of gentle rumblings, Mount St. Helens broke open today with a small eruption shortly after noon Pacific time, tossing up a plume of ash and smoke.
Els Takes 2-Shot Lead at American Express THOMASTOWN, Ireland - His post-majors funk behind him, Ernie Els was back in his element Friday. Playing some of his best golf in the worst conditions, Els breezed through a wacky day of weather at the American Express Championship by starting with four straight birdies and finishing with an 8-under 64, giving him a two-shot lead and hope that he still has a lot to play for this year...
Stocks Up Sharply on Strong Economic Data NEW YORK - Newly optimistic investors sent stocks sharply higher Friday, propelling the Dow Jones industrials 112 points higher, as new economic data showed strength in manufacturing and the departure of PeopleSoft Inc.'s chief executive raised hopes for a merger in the tech sector. The major indexes closed the week with respectable gains...
Major Gold Business Takeover 12/6/04- There #39;s a big deal in the gold-mining business. Goldcorp is buying its Canadian gold-mining competitor Wheaton River Minerals for about 2 billion dollars in stock.
DoJ Won #39;t Appeal Oracle #39;s Takeover Plans Oracle (Quote, Chart) advanced its plans to acquire PeopleSoft Friday after the US Department of Justice said it would not appeal a ruling on an antitrust case that tried to block the merger.
Oil prices close above 50 dollars for the first time NEW YORK For the first time, oil has settled the day priced at more than 50 dollars a barrel. In New York, crude for November delivery rose 48 cents and closed at a record 50 dollars, 12 cents a barrel.
Microsoft Pressures EU Court on Price A European judge must sort through competing ideas on the balance between intellectual property and fairness to decide whether antitrust penalties against Microsoft (Quote, Chart) should be suspended.
XM Shares Fall on Production Snag XM Satellite Radio Holdings Inc. said Friday it is on track to have more than 3.1 million subscribers by the end of the year, but shares fell on a reported four-week production snag.
Attendance Down Again for Atlanta Braves (AP) AP - They offered ticket packages that were more family friendly. They cut prices at the concession stands for some games. Heck, they even had a "Disco Night."
US Cyberchief Resigns After a Year on the Job The United States #39; top computer-security official has resigned after a little more than a year on the job, the US Department of Homeland Security said on Friday.
Microsoft FAT patent shot down Microsoft has lost the FAT, and it #39;s not part of a slimming down regimen. In a stinging defeat, the United States Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO) has declared Microsoft #39;s File Allocation Table (FAT) file 
Owens England place under threat MADRID, Oct. 1. - Michael Owen will join the England squad next week with doubts over his place in the national team for the first time under Mr Sven-Goran Eriksson.
US Captain Reyna Left Out of World Cup Squad US captain Claudio Reyna, who has been suffering with a thigh injury, was missing from Bruce Arena #39;s 23-man squad named Friday for this month #39;s World Cup qualifiers against El Salvador and Panama.
McNair Improving, But Still Questionable (Reuters) Reuters - Tennessee Titans quarterback\Steve McNair stretched and ran Friday, but did not throw any\passes and is still listed as questionable with a bruised\sternum for Sunday's game against San Diego.
Suicide bomber leaves 16 dead after striking Pakistani Shia mosque &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; A suicide bomber detonated a huge device yesterday that ripped through a Shia mosque in Pakistan at prayer time, killing at least 16 and injuring dozens.
Angels, Guillen Reach Financial Settlement (AP) AP - Outfielder Jose Guillen and the Anaheim Angels have reached a financial settlement to resolve the grievance filed after the team recently suspended him without pay for the rest of the season.
Ga. Tech Set for First ACC Game With Miami (AP) AP - When quizzed this week about the prospect of facing Miami every season, Georgia Tech coach Chan Gailey asked: "As opposed to what, the Steelers?"
Volandri Upsets Massu in Palermo (AP) AP - Defending champion Nicolas Massu was upset by Filippo Volandri 6-3, 3-6, 6-4 Friday in the quarterfinals of the Campionati Internazionali di Sicilia.
Cray signs two supercomputing customers A Pittsburgh research center will buy a Red Storm system and an Indian physics institute is getting an XD1.
Levi Leads Constellation Classic by One (AP) AP - Wayne Levi tied a tournament record with an 8-under 64 and held a one-shot lead over Rodger Davis after the first round of the Constellation Energy Classic on Friday.
Update 2: Oil Prices Rise Above \$43 Before Meeting The price of crude oil climbed in European trading Monday, edging back over \$43 per barrel on fears that the producer cartel OPEC may cut production to stem a recent price drop.
Agreement Reached on Guillen Suspension  OAKLAND, Calif. (Sports Network) - On the day that Jose  Guillen and the Anaheim Angels were to appear in front of an  arbitrator, the two sides reached an undisclosed financial  settlement Friday.
U.S. Captain Reyna Left Out of World Cup Squad  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. captain Claudio Reyna, who has  been suffering with a thigh injury, was missing from Bruce  Arena's 23-man squad named Friday for this month's World Cup  qualifiers against El Salvador and Panama.
Accuser Told Bryant 'No' The woman who accused Kobe Bryant of rape told investigators the NBA star ignored her entreaties to stop and said there was no doubt he heard her "because every time I said 'No' he tightened his hold around me," according to documents released Friday.
Wilson, Green and Cousin Fined \$20,000 by NFL The NFL fines three New York Giants defenders a total of \$20,000 for illegal hits during last weekend's game with the Cleveland Browns.
McNair Improving Steve McNair stretches and runs Friday, but he didn't throw any passes, and he's looking healthy enough that Tennessee coach Jeff Fisher won't rule him out against San Diego.
Treasuries Unravel, Economy Resilient  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Treasury prices slid for a fourth  straight session on Friday, partly as investors unwound bets  the U.S. economy would weaken enough to prompt a slowdown in  Federal Reserve rate hikes.
Former Air Force Official Sentenced in Boeing Case A former top Air Force official was sentenced to nine months in prison for favoring Boeing on military contracts worth billions of dollars.
G7 Countries: Oil Prices Threat to Economy (AP) AP - Declaring that high oil prices are a threat to the global economy, the world's industrialized countries urged producers Friday to provide price relief by boosting supplies.
WTO starts third major review of implementation of ATC The World Trade Organization (WTO) starts on Friday a major review of the implementation of the Agreement of Textiles and Clothing (ATC) in the third stage of theintegration process.
Northwest #39;s Anderson resigns as CEO, takes job at UnitedHealth New Northwest Airlines Corp. chief executive Doug Steenland promised Friday that the airline #39;s strategy would remain constant when he succeeds Richard Anderson, who is leaving to work for UnitedHealth Group.
International Space Station Status Report: SS04-033 The International Space Station (ISS) crew made steady progress with maintenance work this week. Expedition 9 Commander Gennady Padalka and NASA Station Science Officer Mike Fincke restored the primary oxygen 
Scientists say much of Genesis #39; material survived Utah crash (National-NBC) Oct. 1, 2004 - Scientists in Utah are finishing the job of salvaging material from the remains of the Genesis Space Capsule.
F1: Ecclestone drops British GP LONDON - The British Grand Prix was yesterday dropped from next year #39;s calendar after the owners of the Silverstone circuit failed to meet the asking price of Formula One rights #39; owner Bernie Ecclestone.
Els duels with Troon nemesis Hamilton Perhaps it was the name at the top of the leaderboard which inspired Ernie Els. Todd Hamilton was the first round leader but Els cruised past the Open champion with an eight 
Vieira, Lauren in bus bust-up LONDON - For a team that calls team spirit their greatest strength, the brawl between Patrick Vieira and Bisan Lauren will come as great concern to manager Arsene Wenger.
Sports Round-up Italy #39;s Jarno Trulli will race for Toyota in Japan and Brazil, the last two races of the Formula One season, after leaving Renault.
THAILAND OPEN: Titans to clash Todays semi-finals of the Thailand Open will feature two dream matches: Andy Roddick versus Marat Safin and the long-time awaited clash between Roger Federer and Paradorn Srichaphan.
Levi grabs early lead in Maryland Hunt Valley, MD (Sports Network) - Wayne Levi matched the course record of eight-under-par 64 on Friday to take a one stroke lead after the opening round of the Constellation Energy Classic.
Al-Qaida No. 2 urges attacks on US allies, including Japan CAIRO - An audio tape purportedly released by al-Qaida leader Osama bin Laden #39;s closes aide calls for attacks on the interests of the United States and Britain as well as their allies such as Japan in the war on terror, Qatar-based Al-Jazeera satellite 
Most Arab Governments are Putting Their Stock in George Bush for a &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Most Arab governments have decided to put their stock in George W. Bush for another term, concluding prematurely that the American presidential elections have been decided in favor of the Republican candidate.
Iraqi children bear brunt of bombings Some of the children cry, refusing to speak but shivering in shock at the day #39;s horror. Others lie lifeless in the morgue of Baghdad #39;s Yarmouk hospital.
Howard out to fight child porn SYDNEY - Prime Minister John Howard promised yesterday to bring in new legislation if it was needed to fight child pornography, following more than 200 arrests in a countrywide crackdown on Internet pornography.
Countries to discuss rules on wildlife trade BANGKOK - The future of dozens of endangered species, from the great white shark to elephants and medicinal trees, will be decided at an international conference on wildlife trade that kicks off here today.
Vioxx pulled from market The maker of the popular arthritis drug Vioxx is removing it from markets worldwide after a new study found that long-term users face increased risks for heart attack and stroke.
G24 demand for greater IMF clout Developing countries have criticised the IMF and World Bank for failing to give more decision-making power to smaller nations. Ministers from the Group of 24 (G24) developing countries made their statement 
Monster Truck Month General Motors doesn #39;t believe \$50 barrels of oil are having any effect on sales of big trucks and SUVs, and it has new sales numbers to back it up: GM #39;s light truck sales were up 33 in September, to record levels of 287,000.
US Cybersecurity Chief Resigns The director of cyber security for the Homeland Security Department, Amit Yoran, has resigned his post. The issue of whether cybersecurity was receiving sufficient attention at DHS created 
DOE hacked 199 times last year Weaknesses in the Energy Departments cybersecurity allowed hackers to successfully penetrate its systems 199 times last year in intrusions that affected 3,531 systems, the departments inspector general said.
Levi shoots 64 to lead Champions Tour event HUNT VALLEY, Md. - Wayne Levi tied a tournament record with an 8-under 64 and held a one-shot lead over Rodger Davis after the first round of the Constellation Energy Classic on Friday.
Mamool a fresh horse I am taking time out from trying to take the jockeys #39; championship off Kieren Fallon for a weekend in Paris but don #39;t worry - there is a lot of business to be done there.
Light Jig tries to earn possible Breeders #39; Cup trip It #39;s time for racing #39;s fall season, so count on Bobby Frankel saddling a few strong contenders. The Hall of Fame trainer will try to win the \$500,000 Yellow Ribbon Stakes for the fourth time with Light Jig, a 4-year-old bred in Britain.
Druyun gets nine-month prison sentence A former top Air Force acquisition executive today was sentenced to nine months in prison for conspiring to help Boeing Co. win a multibillion-dollar Pentagon contract.
Angry Putin rejects public Beslan inquiry The Russian president, Vladimir Putin, refused on Monday to order a public inquiry into last week #39;s siege and massacre at a middle school in the southern town of Beslan 
Sun Jumpstarts Java Platform Sun Microsystems #39; latest edition of its Java platform offers improved performance and scalability, better system monitoring and management, and an updated look and feel for the desktop client 
Boxing: Hatton retained his World Boxing Union light-welterweight &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Last night at the MEN Arena, Manchester it took Ricky Hatton less than two minutes to finally recover from a dull and frustrating year.
Vioxx Alternatives: Different, Less Serious, Side Effects (New York-WABC, October 1, 2004) - Two million Americans were taking Vioxx. Now that it #39;s been recalled, what are those patients supposed to do?
National League Game Summary - Atlanta at Chicago Chicago, IL (Sports Network) - Mike Hampton pitched six solid innings and added a two-run homer to lead Atlanta to a 5-4 win over Chicago in the opener of a three-game series at Wrigley Field.
Security problems keeping food from hungry Haiti flood victims As desperately hungry flood victims wander the streets of Gonaives searching for help, tons of food aid is piling up in a warehouse guarded by UN peacekeepers.
Golkar politician elected Indonesia #39;s House speaker JAKARTA - Backed by the Nationhood Coalition of political parties, a senior politician of Indonesia #39;s largest Golkar Party was elected speaker of the House of Representatives early Saturday.
RIAA Sues Another 762 Over File Sharing The Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA) today filed 762 new lawsuits against alleged file traders using peer-to-peer (P-to-P) file sharing services.
German Supreme Court rules in favor of 'generic domain grabbing' First-come, first-served system 'not unethical'
G7: Oil Prices a Risk to Economic Growth (Reuters) Reuters - High oil prices pose a risk to the\global economy, but the economic outlook for 2005 is still\favorable, the Group of Seven nations said in a statement\following their meeting on Friday.
A Daily Look at U.S. Iraq Military Deaths (AP) AP - As of Friday, Oct. 1, 2004, 1,055 members of the U.S. military have died since the beginning of the Iraq war in March 2003, according to the Defense Department. Of those, 801 died as a result of hostile action and 254 died of non-hostile causes. The figures include three military civilians.
Energised Kerry lashes Bush, fires up campaign after debate (AFP) AFP - Democratic challenger John Kerry roared back to the campaign trail, piling more scorn on President George W. Bush's Iraq policy, as he shot for a comeback in the race for the White House.
Scalia Jokes About Orgies in Mass. Speech (AP) AP - Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia's recent speeches have ventured into some surprising territory, with the staunchly conservative father of nine joking about sexual orgies.
Thai Minister Says His Boss Wants Him to Run U.N. (Reuters) Reuters - Thailand's foreign minister said on\Thursday he is campaigning to become U.N. secretary-general out\of a lifelong interest in foreign affairs, and because his\prime minister told him to.
Conway or the highway CNET News.com's Charles Cooper says the board is only telling half the story behind the surprise firing of PeopleSoft's CEO.
Briefly: Legal expert joins open-source screening firm roundup Plus: Cray signs two supercomputing customers...MSN Messenger beta leaks onto Web...Level 3 to buy Sprint's dial-up business...Cisco CEO's salary shoots up from \$1...SanDisk ups capacity on flash memory cards.
Gates: PCs fall short Microsoft Chairman Bill Gates chats with Berkeley students about everything from open source to malaria to the next Xbox.
Oil Ends Above \$50 on Nigeria Fears Oil prices ended above \$50 a barrel on Friday amid concern over possible fighting between rebels and the military in Nigeria #39;s oil-rich delta region.
World Finance Leaders Favor Debt Relief Description: The world #39;s economic leaders indicate support for the idea of forgiving the debt of the world #39;s poorest countries.
Red Sox Finish Second a Record Seven Times (AP) AP - Say this much about the Boston Red Sox: They're consistent. The Red Sox, who have gone since 1918 without winning the World Series, have added a record-breaking streak to the mix. Boston is the first team in baseball history to finish in second place for seven straight years, according to the Elias Sports Bureau.
Woman Sues Packers' Davenport (AP) AP - A woman sued Green Bay Packers fullback Najeh Davenport, saying he invaded her privacy by breaking into her dorm room and defecating in her closet.
Two months of doing nothing MADRID - It has taken just two months for Michael Owen to question whether his move to Real Madrid has been a big mistake. The England striker has started just one match after trading Anfield for the Bernabeu 
Nelson looks to  quot;sting quot; field in Constellation Energy Classic Even a bee sting couldn #39;t spoil Larry Nelson #39;s success at the Constellation Energy Classic. Nelson returns to the site of his famous bee sting Friday when the 
Front Row Joe takes pole at Talladega Talladega, AL (Sports Network) - Veteran Joe Nemechek circled the 2.66-mile Talladega Superspeedway in 50.202 seconds (190.749 mph) to win the pole for Sunday #39;s EA Sports 500 Nextel Cup event.
RIAA Sues Another 762 Over File-Sharing Total number of suits filed by the music industry since 2003 exceeds 5500.
Saks to close North East Mall location is closing eight Saks Fifth Avenue stores, including a store at North East Mall in Hurst, and three Off 5th stores, the company said today.
UPDATE 1-President of Delta #39;s Song carrier retires John Selvaggio, the president of Delta Air Lines Inc. #39;s (DAL.N: Quote, Profile, Research) low-cost carrier, Song, has retired, effective immediately, for personal reasons, a Delta spokeswoman said on Friday.
Creator wins Ig Nobel for karaoke #39;s  #39;new way to tolerate #39; NEW YORK (Kyodo) Karaoke inventor Daisuke Inoue was awarded the humorous Ig Nobel peace prize in a Thursday ceremony at Harvard University for  quot;providing an entirely new way for people to learn to tolerate each other.
New Matsushita memory card doubles as smart card Matsushita Electric Industrial Co. on Friday unveiled a new SD Memory Card that doubles as a smart card, allowing consumers to use the product as a wallet or a train ticket, as well as to store music and pictures.
Els shows class in game of catch-up Ernie Els, who was feeling as low as he has ever felt when playing up the mountain at Crans Sur Sierre a month ago, is back on track following a 64 through the worst of the weather 
Gordon #39;s goal: Get lead, avoid  #39;big one #39; Jeff Gordon has a chance to tie the late Dale Earnhardt #39;s record of three victories at restrictor-plate racetracks in one season.
Microsoft prepares for the worst in Europe case LUXEMBOURG Facing the prospect of its most serious legal setback ever, Microsoft is quietly making plans to radically alter the way it does business in Europe, including sharing confidential software code with competitors and selling Windows without its 
Former Boeing official sentenced in Air Force contract conspiracy ALEXANDRIA, Va. A former Air Force official apologized today as she was sentenced to nine months in prison for helping the Chicago-based Boeing Company obtain an inflated price on a 23-(B)billion-dollar contract.
Spotlight: Aer Lingus chief #39;s survival guide DUBLIN Willie Walsh, the chief executive of Aer Lingus, holds interviews and meetings in a former chairman #39;s unused office since his own is too messy for visitors, he says.
G7 Wants More Oil Output The world #39;s top finance officials on Friday asked oil-producing nations to step up production and agreed it was crucial to work out exactly why prices 
Conrad Black plans \$1.1B libel suit over Hollinger board committee &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; TORONTO (CP) - Embattled press baron Conrad Black is preparing yet another lawsuit - this one seeking \$1.1 billion for defamation - in his ongoing legal battle against the new management of the company he founded, Hollinger International Inc.
IBM #39;s Supercomputer New Speed Champion measured against the industry-standard LINPACK benchmark -- was able to turn in a sustained a performance of 36.01 teraflops. That edges it ahead of the three-year-old top mark 
Viral movies possible with RealPlayer flaw com October 1, 2004, 4:25 PM PT. Most IT Managers won #39;t question the importance of security, but this priority has been sliding between the third and fourth most important focus for companies.
Camera phone technology brings quick arrest of robbery suspect NASHVILLE, Tenn. A camera phone -- and its quick-thinking owner -- are being credited with solving a robbery. The victim is a limo driver who was washing his car in Nashville, Tennessee, today.
Ferencvaros denies UEFA charges over Millwall violence Hungarian side Ferencvaros has denied its fans threw missiles at Millwall supporters and officials during Thursday #39;s UEFA Cup tie, after being charged over the incident by European football #39;s governing body.
Paradorn powers through to Federer test Thai tennis ace Paradorn Srichaphan lined up a high-profile career-first clash with formidable Roger Federer as he hammered home a 6-2, 7-5 defeat of Dutchman Dennis van Scheppingen at the Thailand Open in Bangkok on Friday.
Series to begin in Atlanta on Tuesday or Wednesday The Atlanta Braves now know that they #39;ll be hosting the first two games of their National League Division Series next week. But they #39;ll have to wait until later this weekend to find out who their opponent will be.
Kanaan can clinch IRL title in California race Tony Kanaan can clinch the IRL IndyCar championship this weekend with a fourth-place finish or better in the Toyota Indy 400 at California Speedway.
Urlacher not expected to play Sunday Lake Forest, IL (Sports Network) - Chicago Bears standout linebacker Brian Urlacher has been downgraded to doubtful for Sunday #39;s game against Philadelphia.
Guantnamo detainee says in letter that he was tortured LONDON A British detainee being held at the Guantnamo Naval Base in Cuba claimed in a declassified letter released on Friday that he had been the victim of  quot;vindictive torture and death threats quot; since January 2002.
US manufacturing activity picks up, construction surges to record &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; US manufacturing activity remained strong in September and construction spending surged to a record high in August, according to a pair of reports issued Friday that provided an optimistic look at the sturdiness of the economy.
Vioxx Recall Prompts Patients To Look For Alternatives A day after a popular arthritis drug is pulled from pharmacy shelves, patients and doctors are trying to decide what to do next. Vioxx is an anti-inflammatory drug used to treat osteoarthritis, acute adult pain and menstrual pain.
Cybersecurity chief resigns amid frustration Yoran was a software executive with Symantec Corporation when he was tapped a year ago to become director of the National Cyber Security Division in the Department of Homeland Security.
Handing out A -- for advantage It #39;s a no-brainer, a Red Sox pitcher suggested when he was asked which team he would rather face in the postseason.  quot;Are you kidding?
Cybersecurity chief calls it quits after a year The government #39;s cybersecurity chief resigned this week after serving a year with the Homeland Security Department. Amit Yoran, the first director of the National Cyber Security Division, said 
Karaoke #39;s Creator Wins Ig Nobel Prize Description: Daisuke Inoue, the inventor of karaoke, was awarded the 2004 Ig Nobel Peace Prize last night,  quot;for inventing karaoke, thereby providing an entirely new way for people to learn to tolerate each other.
Navy secretary assures torture allegations by Guantanamo detainee &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; WASHINGTON, Oct 1 (AFP) - US Navy Secretary Gordon England said Friday that an allegation of torture by a detainee at a military prison in Guantanamo Bay, Cuba will be investigated.
Hostages - convoy under attack Damascus - A French lawmaker involved in negotiations to free two French journalists held hostage in Iraq said on Friday that a convoy bringing the two to Syria came under US fire, scuttling their release.
Conference on Endangered Species Opens in Bangkok The great white shark, African rhinos and the American bald eagle are among the animals and fauna that will take center stage at an international conference on regulating trade in endangered species that opens Saturday.
MLB: Atlanta 5, Chicago Cubs 4 Mike Hampton worked six innings and hit a two-run homer Friday as Atlanta handed the Chicago Cubs a devastating loss, 5-4. The Cubs came into the game trailing San Francisco and 
Giambi expected to make postseason roster; Brown to start Saturday It would be a  quot;longshot quot; that Giambi would be left off, manager Joe Torre said before Friday night #39;s game against Toronto.
Netflix, TiVo Partner To Offer Online Films Netflix Inc. and TiVo Inc. are teaming up to work with Hollywood studios to develop technology for the delivery of video programming over the Internet.
Ford Down, Nissan Up in September Sales Ford Motor Co. (FN) posted its fourth consecutive month of weaker US sales with a 7 percent drop in September results on Friday, and the automaker doubled its incentives on some models to kick-start sales this month.
Two Words from Bill Gates: Computer Science It wasn #39;t  quot;Plastics quot; as Dustin Hoffman was advised in the movie The Graduate, but computers that Bill Gates told a college audience would be the ticket to a good career in the near future.
Robbery suspect caught on camera phone in Nashville Police had a mugshot of a robbery suspect before he was arrested. Thanks to a camera phone, they even had a picture of his getaway vehicle.
Trinidad returns for another bonanza There is no title on the line for the meeting of the former world champions Felix  quot;Tito quot; Trinidad and Ricardo Mayorga at New York #39;s Madison Square Garden tonight, but there seems to be genuine enmity between the fighters and a near sell-out crowd is 
Expos will keep ballpark revenue; council foe questions new &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The group that buys the Montreal Expos will get to keep all concession, advertising and parking money generated from baseball games in the 41,000-seat ballpark that Washington plans to build, along with revenue from the sale of naming rights.
Youngsters Find and Return Lost Yankees Playoff Tickets Talk about temptation: \$20,000 worth of box seat tickets for Yankees playoff games, just lying there on the street. Nine youngsters who came across the tickets turned them in.
Cubs Lose Again at Wrigley Pitcher Mike Hampton homered off Kerry Wood and the Atlanta Braves sent the collapsing Chicago Cubs to the verge of wild-card elimination.
Report: Bryant Accuser Told N.B.A. Star 'No' The woman who accused Kobe Bryant of rape told investigators the N.B.A. star ignored her entreaties to stop, according to documents released Friday.
Group of Seven Wants More Oil Output  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The world's top finance officials on  Friday asked oil-producing nations to step up output and agreed  it was crucial to work out exactly why prices have soared to  levels that threaten global growth.
Oil: Oil ends above \$50 on Nigeria fears Oil prices ended above \$50 a barrel amid concern over possible fighting between rebles and the military in Nigeria #39;s oil-rich delta region.
Dollar moves slightly after manufacturing data NEW YORK : The dollar moved slightly against major currencies after key US ISM data on manufacturing was in line with expectations, as the market remained cautious on the prospects for the US economy.
Hollinger Inc. note holders OK refinancing Hollinger Inc., one of the key companies in Conrad Black #39;s troubled business empire, has received approval to issue another \$15 million (US) in notes to raise cash for its day-to-day operations.
Gates At Berkeley: Thoughts On Research, Overseas Innovation &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; In the spirit of being at the university, the Microsoft chairman also talked about when open-source licenses make sense. By Aaron Ricadela.
Els survives rain as Woods braves pain Ernie Els, unaccustomed as he is to public failure, has rededicated himself to winning, and, in pursuit of that, leads the American Express World Golf Championship at Mount Juliet after the first 36 holes.
MLB Deal Favorable To Orioles #39; Angelos  Bud Selig announces that the troubled Montreal Expos will move to Washington, returning baseball to the nation #39;s capital for the 2005 season.
Notes: Sturtze plays new role Tanyon Sturtze has filled several roles for the Yankees this season, from a long-relief mop-up man to a spot starter. But Sturtze added setup man to his resume on Wednesday 
A #39;s catch Angels; Ichiro still hit away from tying Sisler Ichiro Suzuki went home quietly, still waiting for the big hit he #39;s been chasing. Bobby Crosby sent the Athletics into a decisive weekend series against Anaheim with the biggest hit of Oakland #39;s season.
British prime minister undergoes successful operation British Prime Minister Tony Blair is recovering at Downing Street, after undergoing hospital treatment for a recurring heart complaint.
EU Approves Refugee Camp Pilot Schemes After debating proposals put forward by Germany #39;s Otto Schily, the European Commission has agreed to set up pilot schemes in five North African countries to cope with the influx of refugees heading to Europe.
G7 Countries: Oil Prices Threat to Economy WASHINGTON - Declaring that high oil prices are a threat to the global economy, the world's industrialized countries urged producers Friday to provide price relief by boosting supplies.    The Group of Seven countries - the United States, Japan, Germany, France, Britain, Italy and Canada - also resolved to agree on providing battered Iraq with relief from its massive debt burden while also working on a deal to increase debt relief for the world's poorest countries...
PeopleSoft sacks chief executive PeopleSoft fired its chief executive, Craig Conway, yesterday in an unexpected twist to the firm #39;s attempt to fend off its larger rival Oracle.
Home Photo-Stamp Experiment Canceled (AP) AP - The U.S. Postal Service has canceled a brief experiment that allowed ordinary people to make postage stamps using images of their dogs, babies and even, it turned out, outlaws such as the Unabomber.
Antepo To Release OPN \$.5 On Monday Antepo will release Version 4.5 of its Open Presence Network (OPN) enterprise IM system on Monday. The new version features the capability to integrate messaging systems that use the XMPP system pioneered 
Man U manager hints at dropping hat-trick star to the bench MANCHESTER, England - Wayne Rooney #39;s three-goal debut for Manchester United in the Champions League doesn #39;t guarantee the 18-year-old striker will start Sunday #39;s Premier League game against Middlesbrough, manager Alex Ferguson said Friday.
Reyna to miss qualifiers US captain Claudio Reyna will miss the Americans #39; World Cup qualifiers against El Salvador and Panama because of injuries. Reyna hurt his left quadriceps Sept.
At 3-0, Mora #39;s Falcons Get Tested Sunday The seven new head coaches hired around the league this past offseason included a Hall of Famer (Joe Gibbs), a two-time AFC championship game participant (Tom Coughlin) and a two-time NFC title-game entrant (Dennis Green).
Three are tied at Farm Bureau It took most of Thursday to identify the first-round leaders in the Southern Farm Bureau Classic, but Harrison Frazar, Glen Day and John Senden finally separated themselves 
Network Appliance, EMC refine security strategies (InfoWorld) InfoWorld - Network appliance will announce this week additional capabilities and partnerships for its NetApp NetCache line of Internet security appliances. Meanwhile, EMC will unveil a major upgrade to its ILM (information life cycle management) product line with a focus on adding application-aware components.
As Prelude To Internet Calling, SBC Beefs Up Message Options (Investor's Business Daily) Investor's Business Daily - SBC Communications on Monday plans to roll out a new messaging service that would let consumers check their wireless voice mail on a computer or access e-mail via a touch-tone landline phone.
At least 25 die in suicide attack on Pakistani mosque A SUICIDE bomber blew himself up in a mosque packed with worshippers in Pakistan, killing at least 25 people and wounding more than 50.
New twists boost Oracle in Silicon Valley battle for PeopleSoft (AFP) AFP - The Silicon Valley dogfight between Oracle and PeopleSoft took a new turn as PeopleSoft dumped the chief executive leading its takeover defense, and US regulators dropped their antitrust case.
Shuttle's Spring 2005 Launch Date Delayed (AP) AP - NASA's spaceflight leadership council decided Friday to delay the spring 2005 launch date for the first shuttle scheduled to return to space since last year's Columbia tragedy, citing hurricane damage and more work needed to meet a panel's recommendations.
Right Whales May Not Be Going Extinct (AP) AP - North Pacific right whales may not be going extinct after all. Scientists have found twice as many right whales in the Bering Sea as previously spotted, giving them hope the rare and endangered whales can be saved.
Great White Shark Sets Record at Aquarium (AP) AP - Thrilling visitors and scientists alike, the only great white shark currently on display anywhere in the world marked its 17th day in captivity Friday, setting a record for longevity in an aquarium tank.
Mount St. Helens a Volcanic 'Ring of Fire' (AP) AP - Three or four times every minute, Mount St. Helens shivered. Sometimes the majestic peak even shuddered, the trembling beneath reaching a crescendo, a magnitude of 3.3.
Mount St. Helens Erupts After 18 Years (AP) AP - Mount St. Helens, the volcano that blew its top with cataclysmic force in 1980, erupted for the first time in 18 years Friday, belching a huge column of white steam and ash after days of rumblings under the mountain.
Tourists Flock to See Mount St. Helens (AP) AP - Pam Morret and her husband, Lynn, missed the big eruption of Mount St. Helens in 1980. They sure were not going to miss this one.
Conway could get \$20 million golden parachute Ousted PeopleSoft CEO will get a severance package of between \$10 million and \$20 million.
Volcano research goes high-tech GPS, radar systems and digital cameras help scientists, but Mount St. Helens isn't a hotbed of the latest technology.
Intel programming tools reach new 64-bit chips They let developers create software that supports 64-bit x86 chips--important in making the new generation of chips useful.
Device has keen sense for mini-motions Sandia's motion detector could help predict if earthquakes are coming or if airplane parts are about to rip loose.
Viral movies possible with RealPlayer flaw A software slipup in RealNetworks' music player means that Windows, Mac and Linux computers could be compromised by a movie.
TiVo and NetFlix: Picture-Perfect Duo? With TiVo (TIVO ) and NetFlix (NFLX ) finally announcing a long-rumored partnership to launch a video-on-demand service sometime next year, investors smiled on the deal that will keep the two popular, but under-fire, innovators ahead of competitors.
Gates undaunted by Linux MOUNTAIN VIEW, Calif. -- Microsoft Chairman and Chief Software Architect Bill Gates, during an appearance here Friday at the Computer History Museum, expressed no fear of Linux usurping Windows in the software industry.
Human rights group blasts new US border controls ROME - The United States' new biometric system of border controls violates civil rights without delivering security, the head of the London-based civil liberties watchdog Privacy International warned Friday. The system involves a "wholesale and aggressive violation" of privacy but was also likely to generate errors and eventually collapse under its own weight, Privacy International Director Simon Davies said.
Two Words from Bill Gates: Computer Science Microsoft founder also tells college students outsourcing jobs is not a 'zero-sum game.'
Gates undaunted by Linux (InfoWorld) InfoWorld - MOUNTAIN VIEW, Calif. -- #160; Microsoft Chairman and Chief Software Architect Bill Gates, during an appearance here Friday at the Computer History Museum, expressed no fear of Linux usurping Windows in the software industry.
Group of Seven Wants More Oil Output (Reuters) Reuters - The world's top finance officials on\Friday asked oil-producing nations to step up output and agreed\it was crucial to work out exactly why prices have soared to\levels that threaten global growth.
Israeli Army Prepares for Showdown in Gaza (AP) AP - Israeli aircraft struck more targets in the Gaza Strip on Friday as the army massed an armored force in apparent preparation for a major military operation against militants in Jebaliya, the Palestinians' biggest refugee camp.
The religious revival in the US On a cold December night in Denver, a storm was brewing. The sky was clear, the stars visible to most even through the haze of the downtown lamp lights. But on the sidewalks, on the TV, and on the static of talk radio you knew a battle was about to be waged.
Nine-year-old Afghan boy in critical condition after heart valve surgery (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - TORONTO (CP) - A nine-year-old boy from Afghanistan who came to Canada to have life-saving surgery was in critical condition after undergoing heart valve surgery Friday.
ER Patients Won't Have to Give U.S. Status (AP) AP - The Bush administration is backing off plans to require hospitals to ask emergency room patients their immigration status, after hospitals and advocates for immigrants protested.
UK Hostage's Brother Says Police Raided Dutch Home  LONDON (Reuters) - The brother of a British hostage in Iraq  said Saturday intelligence officers had raided his Dutch home,  copied data from his computer and forced him to make a  five-page statement about his activities.
Turkey's EU bid 'may take decade' Two EU reports on Turkey's membership bid suggest negotiations could take at least 10 years.
Springsteen Kicks Off 'Vote for Change' PHILADELPHIA - Two of the biggest forces in rock music over the last 20 years were plugging in the amplifiers Friday to kick off a high-volume effort to oust President Bush on Nov. 2...
New Zealand #39;s Bollard Opposes Using Australian Bank Regulator New Zealand Reserve Bank Governor Alan Bollard doesn #39;t favor a single regulator to supervise banks in Australia and New Zealand, saying that may lead to conflict between the interests of both nations.
Fiery Act Leaves Michigan Club Cold (AP) AP - For a few moments last weekend, they were the hottest act in town. But Treephort wore out its welcome at a downtown club when the lead guitarist set his thong on fire, then removed it and scurried around the stage naked.
Packers Lose Flanagan for the Season (AP) AP - Green Bay Packers Pro Bowl center Mike Flanagan will undergo surgery on his left knee and miss the rest of the season.
Stojakovic Still Wants Out of Sacramento (AP) AP - Peja Stojakovic still wants the Sacramento Kings to trade him. Until then, he seems perfectly happy to be back.
Bonds' 700th Homer Ball Can Be Sold (AP) AP - A judge on Friday declared Steve Williams  #151; the man who ended up with Barry Bonds' 700th home run ball  #151; the lawful owner, freeing him to sell it immediately.
Vieira plays down bus fracas with Lauren ARSENAL captain Patrick Vieira admitted yesterday that there was a  quot;disagreement quot; between him and team-mate Lauren in midweek, but insisted the team spirit at Highbury is  quot;fantastic quot;.
Murray ready for McEnroe SCOTLANDS Murray brothers face an exciting weekend north and south of the Border, with Jamie due to contest the doubles final of the LTA Futures event at Craiglockhart, and Andrew fulfilling a boyhood ambition at Wembley where he will come face to face 
Eriksson Backs Rio, Warns Owen England coach Sven-Goran Eriksson has declared his intention of recalling Rio Ferdinand to his squad for the two imminent World Cup qualifiers - but issued a warning to Michael Owen.
The Jets #39; Extra Attention to Tackling Is Paying Off Jets linebacker Eric Barton was sweating profusely as he trudged off the practice field Friday. Do not confuse a bye week with an off week for the Jets, who get back 
Los Angeles Dodgers Team Report - October 1 (Sports Network) - Los Angeles will try to win the NL West title tonight, while hampering San Francisco #39;s playoff chances, as the Dodgers and Giants open a three-game series at Dodger Stadium.
I #39;m just fine says Blair after surgery Tony Blair was back in Downing Street last night after successful treatment for a heart condition, showing that he did not want to be regarded as a lame duck Prime Minister.
Oil slips, but still trades above \$49 Light crude dips but remains less than a dollar shy of an all-time high reached earlier this week. LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices remained just below record highs on Friday amid concern over possible conflict 
Shares unlikely to sustain giddy pace The sharemarket kicked off the December quarter at a new high yesterday, but experts are warning that it will have trouble maintaining the momentum of the past three months.
Microsoft Chairman praises tech boom in China, India BERKELEY, Calif. Bill Gates weighed in on the subject of job outsourcing during a speech at UC Berkeley today -- a big topic with the audience of engineering students whose futures now seem as uncertain as Silicon Valley #39;s economy.
Packers lose Flanagan for the season GREEN BAY, Wis. - Green Bay Packers Pro Bowl center Mike Flanagan will undergo surgery on his left knee and miss the rest of the season.
Hornish aims for patience, speed FONTANA, Calif. - Sam Hornish Jr. aims to be patient and go fast - not necessarily a contradiction. The Indy Race League driver credited patience for last years victory at California Speedway, when he 
Frazar, Pate atop leaderboard in Mississippi Madison, MS (Sports Network) - Harrison Frazar posted a five-under 67 Friday to maintain a share of the lead through two rounds of the Southern Farm Bureau Classic at Annandale Golf Club.
Spain Unveils Controversial Gay Marriage Law A controversial law that would give gay and lesbian couples the same right to marry, divorce and adopt children as heterosexuals was approved by Spain #39;s Socialist government Friday.
Musharraf: 100 Al-Qaida Members Killed in Clashes Pakistan #39;s President Pervez Musharraf says about 100 al-Qaida members have been killed in military operations near the Afghan border.
 #39;We Are Telling Patients Not to Panic #39; When Dr. Eric Matteson arrived at the Mayo Clinic in Rochester, Minn., on Thursday morning, there was already a pile of messages for him and the phones were ringing off the hook.
Packers lose Flanagan for season Green Bay, WI (Sports Network) - The Green Bay Packers will be without the services of Pro Bowl center Mike Flanagan for the remainder of the season, as he will undergo left knee surgery.
Blair eyes full 3rd term LONDON: British Prime Minister Tony Blair was recovering Friday from surgery to correct an irregular heartbeat, a day after revealing that he intends to serve a full third term if re-elected.
Meal tickets go as Silverstone is removed from the menu The shockwaves generated by Bernie Ecclestone #39;s decision to scrap the British grand prix rippled out yesterday to touch every corner of the country #39;s motorsport industry, threatening Britain #39;s position as the global centre of international motor racing.
Srichaphan sets up Federer semi Thailand #39;s Paradorn Srichaphan on Friday lined up a semifinal clash with world number one Roger Federer as he handed out a 6-2, 7-5 defeat to Dutchman Dennis van Scheppingen at the Thailand Open.
Snow: Oil Prices a Risk to Global Growth  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Treasury Secretary John Snow on  Friday said higher oil prices were a risk to global growth, but  would not be likely to cause a recession.
Change of Direction at PeopleSoft PeopleSoft's firing of its president and chief executive increased the likelihood that the company would be taken over by the Oracle Corporation.
A. Melhuse, C OAKLAND, California (Ticker) -- After 159 games, the Anaheim Angels and the Oakland Athletics are down to a best-of-three series at Network Associates Coliseum for the American League West Division title.
Calif. Law Seen as First Salvo in Spyware Fight (Reuters) Reuters - California's pioneering law aimed\at cracking down on spyware -- signed this week to curb the\software that hides on computers and secretly follows users\around the Web -- is only a partial step toward protecting\consumers, critics said on Friday.
Mayor's Lesbian Partner Barred from Race in Brazil  BRASILIA, Brazil (Reuters) - A Brazilian court on Friday  barred the lesbian partner of the outgoing mayor of an Amazon  town from trying to succeed her, citing a ban on political  office passing between family members.
Football: Ferencvaros charged Uefa charges Hungarian side Ferencvaros for missile throwing and racism during the Uefa Cup tie with Millwall.
Aided by Iraqis, U.S. Seizes Part of Rebel Town U.S. and Iraqi forces claimed to have killed more than 100 guerrillas in one of the largest military operations since the war began.
Bush and Kerry Follow Debate With Sharp Jabs President Bush attacked John Kerry on Iraq on Friday, taking a more aggressive approach than he had in the previous night's debate.
U.S., Iraq Forces Sweep Through Samarra SAMARRA, Iraq - U.S. and Iraqi forces battled their way into the heart of this Sunni stronghold Friday and moved house to house in search of militants in what appeared to be the first major offensive to regain control of areas lost to insurgents before the January elections...
Ichiro Ties Sisler's Season Hits Record (AP) AP - Ichiro Suzuki tied the 84-year-old major league record for hits in a season with No. 257 when he chopped a leadoff single to left field Friday night.
Blue Jays Thump Resting Yankees 7-0 (AP) AP - David Bush pitched a two-hitter for the first complete game of his major league career, and the Toronto Blue Jays beat Orlando Hernandez and the New York Yankees 7-0 Friday night.
Larkin Homers As Reds Beat Pirates 5-1 (AP) AP - Barry Larkin homered in his final at-bat on a noteworthy night  #151; perhaps one of his last in a Cincinnati Reds uniform  #151; and got a curtain call that capped a 5-1 victory over the Pittsburgh Pirates on Friday night.
US Struggles to Develop Auto Safety Analysis System US regulators have yet to complete an advanced system for fully analyzing crash data to identify defects four years after the deadly Firestone tire debacle prompted an overhaul of federal auto safety oversight, a government watchdog 
Expos Defeat Mets 4-2 (AP) AP - Terrmel Sledge hit a tiebreaking RBI double in the eighth inning and the Montreal Expos opened the team's final series before the franchise moves to Washington with a 4-2 victory over the New York Mets on Friday night.
D-Rays Beat Tigers 4-1 to Avoid Cellar (AP) AP - For the first time in their history, the Tampa Bay Devil Rays won't finish last.
Fresh violence erupts in Haiti PORT-AU-PRINCE, Haiti - Violence erupted again today in Port-au-Prince and the decapitated bodies of two police officers were found, the day after they were killed in a clash with protesters demanding the return of ousted president Jean-Bertrand Aristide 
Bryant Ignored Woman's Plea, Papers Show The woman who accused the basketball star Kobe Bryant of rape told investigators he ignored her entreaties to stop and said there was no doubt he heard her.
Location Reigns Supreme With Future PCs Soon you'll have the ability to pinpoint a car's or a person's location to within less than three inches using handheld devices.
Snow: Oil Prices a Risk to Global Growth  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Treasury Secretary John Snow on  Friday said higher oil prices were a risk to global growth, but  were unlikely to trigger a recession.
Oil Closes Above \$50 Oil prices closed above \$50 a barrel for the first time Friday as concerns linger about damage to oil production in the Gulf of Mexico from Hurricane Ivan.
Pinochet Faces Tax Charges in Chile Chile's Internal Tax Service filed a criminal complaint against former ruler Augusto Pinochet after an investigation of his accounts at Riggs Bank in Washington. Riggs was not a subject of the complaint.
Stocks Begin Quarter With Solid Gains NEW YORK, Oct. 1 -- Stocks kicked off the fourth quarter with a solid rally on Friday as investors bet the market would shake off continued uncertainty about the election, the war in Iraq and high energy prices to stage its traditional fourth-quarter surge.
Crude oil exceeds \$US50 a barrel Crude oil futures settled above \$50 for the first time ever on Friday, fueled by concerns about supply in Nigeria and the continuing slow pace of production recovery in the hurricane-ravaged Gulf of Mexico, traders said.
Stocks: US economic data send stocks higher NEW YORK Stocks moved sharply higher Friday after US economic data showed strength in manufacturing and construction and shrugged off a softening in consumer sentiment.
American League Game Summary - New York at Toronto Matsui had made 1,251 consecutive starts with the Yomiuri Giants in his native Japan and has played in all 322 games with the Yankees over the last two seasons...Bush #39;s previous long outing was an eight-inning stint against Oakland on July 20, in which he 
Top Official: U.S. Wants Cuba 'Liberation' (AP) AP - President Bush will be committed during his second term to the "liberation of Cuba" by extending moral and political support to the Cuban people, a top State Department official said Friday.
Oil Closes Above \$50 Oil prices closed above \$50 a barrel for the first time yesterday as concerns linger about damage to oil production in the Gulf of Mexico from Hurricane Ivan.
Ex-Manager At Fannie to Skip Hearing The former Fannie Mae employee who assisted federal regulators in an investigation of the company #39;s accounting will not testify at a congressional hearing next week.
Black Plans to Sue Hollinger for Libel Conrad M. Black, the former head of Hollinger International, said yesterday that he planned to file a libel lawsuit against members of a company committee who accused him of taking more than \$380 million in improper payments.
Dave Bush slices through weak Yankees lineup in 7-0 Blue Jays win TORONTO (CP) - Dave Bush capped his promising rookie season with a complete-game, two-hitter while Vernon Wells hit a two-run homer to lead the Toronto Blue Jays past the New York Yankees 7-0 Friday night.
From a Virtual Shadow, Messages of Terror (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - SAN FRANCISCO -- He calls himself Abu Maysara al Iraqi, or father of Maysara the Iraqi, and he's a master at being everywhere and nowhere in the virtual world, constantly switching his online accounts and taking advantage of new technologies to issue his communiqu #233;s to the world.
From a Virtual Shadow, Messages of Terror The Internet has emerged as a prime tool for Islamic radicals, who use its anonymity to coordinate secret operations and get their message to the public without fear of detection.
Microsoft Judge Skeptical LUXEMBOURG, Oct. 1 -- A European judge today cast a skeptical eye on whether Microsoft Corp. should be forced to create two versions of its Windows operating system, one with its program for playing digital music and videos and one without.
Stock Sale Plan Boosts SI International Shares Shares of SI International Inc. jumped nearly 16 percent Friday on news the Reston, Va., company plans to sell 3.2 million of its shares together with affiliates of equity firm Frontenac.
PeopleSoft boss fired NEW YORK: PeopleSoft yesterday sacked Chief Executive and president Craig Conway, citing a loss of confidence, and the software company #39;s shares jumped on expectations that the move could pave the way for a deal with hostile bidder Oracle.
Microsoft Judge Skeptical A European judge today cast a skeptical eye on whether Microsoft Corp. should be forced to create two versions of its Windows operating system, one with its program for 
US industrial output still rising But the Institute for Supply Management (ISM) said the pace of production had risen more slowly than in August. The news will help soothe fears that the US economic recovery may be running out of steam.
Its not for the money: Bernie Bernie Ecclestone once said money did not make him happy. So it must have been a particularly miserable moment when the man who has been the dominant force behind Formula One motor racing for 30 years learned he was the third-richest person in Britain.
Expos move still faces obstacles CBC SPORTS ONLINE - Although it #39;s been officially announced the Montreal Expos will call Washington, DC home next season, there still are some big road blocks in the way that could derail the franchise #39;s move south.
World #39;s top two players reach semifinals The world #39;s top two players -- Roger Federer and Andy Roddick -- reached the semifinals Friday at the Thailand Open. Federer and Roddick were joined in the semis by the other 
Fleeing the Ennui of Retirement for the Thrill of the Fight elix Trinidad Jr. #39;s scintillating career seemed to end two years ago with a fourth-round technical knockout of Hacine Cherifi.
Boeing just behind 2004 projections By staff and wire reports. The Boeing Co. remains slightly behind its projections for 2004 airplane deliveries, according to third-quarter figures released on Friday, setting Boeing up to possibly trail bitter 
Ichiro Singles to Break Hits Record The Seattle Mariners #39; Ichiro Suzuki broke a long-standing Major League record with his 258th hit of the season, a third-inning single against the Texas Rangers on Friday.
Wenger plays down reported bust-up on Arsenal team bus Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger on Friday dismissed the reported bust-up between his two major players as just  quot;a storm in a tea cup quot;.
Eriksson issues warning to Owen England coach Sven-Goran Eriksson warned striker Michael Owen on Friday that he would lose his starting place in next Saturday #39;s World Cup qualifier against Wales without being able to prove his form in training next week.
Houston Astros Hold on Wild Card Lead with 4-2 Win The Houston Astros used a Jeff Bagwell home run and a gutsy pitching effort by its bullpen to beat the Colorado Rockies 4-2 Friday and hold on to its lead in the National League wild card race.
UN launches appeal for \$59 million in emergency aid to Haiti &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; UNITED NATIONS (CP) - Haiti and Grenada need \$59 million US in humanitarian aid immediately to cope with the destruction wrought by hurricanes last month, the top UN relief official said Friday.
Software maker #39;s chief out PLEASANTON, Calif. - Business software maker PeopleSoft Inc. unexpectedly fired CEO Craig Conway, dumping the feisty leader who engineered the company #39;s dogged resistance to Oracle Corp.
Chunghwa Telecom union threatens strike amid privatization concerns (AFP) AFP - The workers' union at Taiwan's state-run Chunghwa Telecom, the island's leading telecom operator, threatened to stage an unprecedented strike, demanding the government guarantee their rights while it pushes for the firm's privatization.
Ceasefire brings oil price slip Oil prices slid towards \$US49 a barrel, after United States crude stocks rose unexpectedly and rebels in Nigeria #39;s oil- rich delta region agreed to a ceasefire with the Government, reducing an imminent threat to supplies.
Saks to close 11 stores, affecting 700 jobs NEW YORK - Retailer Saks Inc. Friday said it will close its Saks Fifth Avenue upscale department stores in La Jolla and seven other locations and three of its lower-price Off 5th stores, affecting 700 jobs.
National Cybersecurity Chief Amit Yoran Resigns Amit Yoran has abruptly resigned his position with the Homeland Security Department. Olga Grkavac, senior vice president of the Information Technology Association of America, confirmed that 
Note: Suzuki has tonight and two games remaining The 30-year-old right fielder, who has 257 hits, has tonight and two games remaining to break the record. George Sisler #39;s mark of 257 hits was set in 1920.
Eriksson warning for Owen England coach Sven-Goran Eriksson will recall Rio Ferdinand to his squad for two upcoming World Cup qualifiers but issued a warning to Michael Owen.
SUN 61, LIBERTY 51 Balanced Sun Knocks Liberty Off-Balance ith five minutes left in Game 1 of the Eastern Conference finals last night at Madison Square Garden, the Connecticut Sun had the Liberty down, if not out.
Elena Dementieva wins in Gaz de France Stars tennis tournament US Open and French Open runner-up Elena Dementieva reached the quarter-finals of the Gaz de France Stars tournament Thursday, beating Michaela Pastikova of the Czech Republic 6-4, 6-2.
Nigeria military orders halt to delta patrols The Nigerian military on Friday ordered a halt to patrols around the Niger Delta to underscore the government #39;s commitment to a truce agreed with militants, a senior oil industry source said.
Brazil denies getting nuclear technology from Pakistan The government of Brazil denied Friday that its centrifugal plans for uranium enrichment come from the clandestine nuclear network headed by Pakistani physicist Abdul Q. Khan.
European Judge Questions Moves Against Microsoft The judge in Microsoft's appeal of the antitrust measures imposed by the European Commission questioned the wisdom of those moves as the hearing wound up.
Mariners #39; Suzuki Breaks Sisler #39;s Single-Year Hit Mark (Update1) Ichiro Suzuki of the Seattle Mariners broke Major League Baseball #39;s single-season hit record with two singles against the Texas Rangers.
Inquiry Stymied on Company With Air Force Ties First Command's success in its face-off with Air Force lawyers illustrates how a company with military ties can influence the people who are supposed to monitor it.
Cardinals 4 Brewers 1 ST. LOUIS Rick Ankiel won his first game in three and a-half years with a four-inning relief stint marred only by an errant curveball that beaned a batter and St.
Second Day of Violence Breaks Out in Haiti (AP) AP - Violence erupted again Friday in the Haitian capital as the decapitated bodies of three police were found, bringing the death toll to at least seven people in two days of protests for the return of ousted President Jean-Bertrand Aristide.
Kerry Lures Persuadable Voters in Debate (AP) AP - Many undecided voters liked what they saw from John Kerry and were more than a little concerned about President Bush's performance in the first presidential debate  #151; but they still had questions about what Kerry would do in Iraq.
German manufacturing orders rise in October (AFP) AFP - Orders placed with manufacturing companies in Germany rose in October, after gaining slightly the previous month, thanks to a large number of big-ticket domestic orders, data published by the Economics and Labour Ministry showed.
Bosnia nationalists in poll test Bosnians are voting in local elections - the first held by the Bosnian authorities since the end of the war in 1995.
Eldest Pitcairn rape suspect tried  A 78-year-old man is accused of twice raping a woman more than 30 years ago in the third of seven sex trials on Pitcairn.
Bush and Kerry Follow Debate With Sharp Jabs President Bush attacked John Kerry on Iraq, taking a more aggressive approach than he had during the debate.
Ichiro Breaks Sisler's Season Hits Record SEATTLE - Ichiro Suzuki set the major league record for hits in a season with 258, breaking George Sisler's 84-year-old mark with a pair of singles Friday night. The Seattle star chopped a leadoff single in the first inning, then made history with a grounder up the middle in the third...
Troops Battle to Control Samarra The U.S.-Iraqi offensive in the city about 65 miles north of Baghdad largely overwhelms rebel forces during a night and day of occasionally intense fighting.
Mayor's Lesbian Partner Barred from Race in Brazil &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; BRASILIA, Brazil (Reuters) - A Brazilian court on Fridaybarred the lesbian partner of the outgoing mayor of an Amazontown from trying to succeed her, citing a ban on politicaloffice passing between family members.&lt;/p&gt;
Kissinger Criticized Subordinates Former Secretary of State Henry Kissinger suggested punishing subordinates who criticized military dictatorships in Chile and Argentina in the 1970s, declassified documents show.
Markets skirt crude oil hikes Despite the price of oil settling above \$50 a barrel for the first time, Wall Street yesterday celebrated new data showing the nation #39;s manufacturing sector expand again last month.
Red Sox Rally to Drop Orioles 8-3 (AP) AP - Tim Wakefield allowed two runs in six innings for his first victory since August, and Johnny Damon and David Ortiz homered to power the Boston Red Sox past the Baltimore Orioles 8-3 on Friday night.
Week in review: A snapshot of the new virus Hackers wasted little time in exploiting a flaw in the way Microsoft software handles graphics files. Internet watchers say they #39;ve spotted infected images that could implant a back door into a Windows computer if they are viewed.
Twins Defeat Indians 4-3 (AP) AP - Corey Koskie homered and hit a go-ahead two-run single in the eighth inning, lifting the Minnesota Twins over the Cleveland Indians 4-3 Friday night.
NCAA Game Summary - Utah at New Mexico Albuquerque, NM (Sports Network) - Alex Smith passed for 167 yards and ran for a pair of touchdowns, leading No. 14 Utah to a 28-7 victory over New Mexico in a Mountain West Conference matchup.
Riots by Aristide supporters erupt for second day in Haiti Violence erupted again yesterday in Port-au-Prince, one day after three policemen were killed in a clash with protesters demanding the return of ousted President Jean-Bertrand Aristide.
No. 14 Utah Defeats New Mexico 28-7 (AP) AP - Quarterback Alex Smith ran for two touchdowns and Steve Savoy caught 11 passes for 150 yards in Utah's 28-7 victory over New Mexico on Friday night.
Els Takes 2-Shot Lead at American Express (AP) AP - His post-majors funk behind him, Ernie Els was back in his element Friday. Playing some of his best golf in the worst conditions, Els breezed through a wacky day of weather at the American Express Championship by starting with four straight birdies and finishing with an 8-under 64, giving him a two-shot lead and hope that he still has a lot to play for this year.
North-South Showdowns Bring Out State's Polar Opposites This weekend in baseball, two teams from Northern California face two teams from Southern California and all four are in contention for a playoff spot.
New Name Will Wait Baseball Commissioner Bud Selig said Friday he would prefer for the new owners of Washington's baseball franchise to select the team's name.
Protection Is Issue The Redskins have allowed nine sacks in the past two games -- a particularly large number for a Joe Gibbs-coached team.
Ichiro Sets Hits Record Ichiro Suzuki set the record for hits in a season with 258, breaking George Sisler's 84-year-old mark with a pair of singles Friday.
No Easy Return Felix Trinidad's return to boxing may be timed well but it won't be easy facing the aggressive and dangerous Ricardo Mayorga.
O's Hopes for .500 End Boston quickly dismisses the Orioles' goal of attaining a four-game sweep and a .500 record with an 8-3 victory on Friday night.
Hymes Catching On Randy Hymes has been the Ravens' most productive wide receiver and will start in place of the injured Travis Taylor for the third consecutive game on Monday.
Sun Scorches Liberty Nykesha Sales scores 13 of her 15 points in the first half and the Sun beat the Liberty 61-51 on Friday night in Game 1 of the WNBA's Eastern Conference finals.
Easy Going for Els Ernie Els breezes through a wacky day of weather at the American Express Championship by finishing with an 8-under-par 64, and taking a two-shot lead in Ireland.
Hoyas Seek League Win Georgetown is off to an 0-2 start in the Patriot League and plays Bucknell, which is playing its first conference game of the season.
Nemecheck Takes Pole Joe Nemechek took his first pole in four years and the seventh of his NASCAR Nextel Cup career Friday, earning the top spot for the EA Sports 500 at Talladega (Ala.) Superspeedway.
Former Boeing official in prison A former Air Force official was sentenced to nine months in prison yesterday after admitting that she helped Boeing Co. obtain a lucrative contract in hopes of landing an executive job at the company.
Inquiry into Fannie Mae may hike mortgage cost The rate consumers pay on a 30-year, \$200,000 home loan will likely rise 0.2 of a percentage point - an extra \$9,200 over the course of the loan - as the largest US buyer of mortgages slows growth to meet regulators #39; request to boost capital, said Kevin 
US-EU talks on Airbus subsidies fail The EU and US moved closer to an aviation trade war after failing to reach agreement during talks Thursday on subsidies to Airbus Industrie.
PeopleSoft fires CEO, clearing way for bid by Oracle PeopleSoft Inc., the business software-maker, unexpectedly fired Craig Conway, its chief executive, dumping the feisty leader who engineered the company #39;s dogged resistance to Oracle Corp.
Nations ask for study of effect of quota end A group of developing countries proposed yesterday that the World Trade Organization study the global effects of phasing out a textiles and clothing quota system, saying that many countries are losing out because of this trade liberalization.
Automakers report Sept. sales strong for all but Ford, Honda Led by General Motors Corp., the US automotive industry rebounded in September with one of its most robust months of the year. Sales were pushed up by 2005 models 
Cybersecurity Czar bails Amit Yoran has now become the fourth US cybersecurity chief in a year to quit in frustration today, giving the government only a day #39;s notice.
Japanese fans celebrate Suzuki #39;s historic hit His countrymen celebrated Suzuki #39;s record-breaking hit Saturday when the Seattle Mariners outfielder broke George Sisler #39;s 84-year-old major league mark for hits in a season.
Sun Leads Liberty in East Finals Sun 61, Liberty 51 NEW YORK, Oct. 1 -- After building a 16-point lead with a big run, Nykesha Sales didn #39;t want to take a break for halftime. Sales scored 13 of her 15 points in the first half and the Connecticut Sun beat the 
Orioles Lose, but Begin to Tally Successes The loudest voice of reason came from the slightest Baltimore starter, second baseman Brian Roberts, who with a quiet but authoritative voice stated that a season #39;s 
EU leaders clash over immigration camps SCHEVENINGEN, Netherlands European Union leaders clashed Friday over a plan to set up camps in North Africa to process immigrants and asylum seekers to help stop the flow of illegal migrants across the Mediterranean to Europe.
India denies pullback plan NEW DELHI, Oct 1: India does not plan to withdraw troops from the Siachen Glacier and recent news reports claiming otherwise are  quot;pure speculation and a lie, quot; Indian Foreign Minister Kunwar Natwar Singh said on Friday.
BLACK HITS BACK Deposed press baron Conrad Black is doing what he does best - filing another lawsuit. This time, the former head of Hollinger International is filing another libel suit, with 
Founder, chairman called  #39;heart #39; of software company SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW) -- When PeopleSoft Inc. fired Chief Executive Craig Conway on Friday, the business-software maker didn #39;t have to look long or far to find a suitable replacement.
Ichiro Breaks Sisler #39;s Season Hits Record SEATTLE Oct. 2, 2004 - No. 258 for Ichiro Suzuki was like so many others, a little ground ball up the middle. Only this one made history, a hit cheered  #39;round the world.
Devil Rays hold off Tigers 4-1, avoid last-place finish for first &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Lou Piniella sprayed champagne after World Series victories as a player and a manager. He wanted some to celebrate a smaller achievement Friday night: For the first time in their history, the Tampa Bay Devil Rays won #39;t finish last.
Fatigue catching up to El Duque TORONTO (CP) - Orlando Hernandez has lost his pop and doesn #39;t know where to find it. Pitching for the first time in eight days, Hernandez (8-2) allowed five runs in three innings as the Toronto Blue Jays beat the New York Yankees 7-0 on Friday.
S.Korea on Alert After Purported Al Qaeda Warning (Reuters) Reuters - South Korea put its security forces on\alert after Muslims were urged to resist the United States and\its allies around the world in an audio tape believed to be\from al Qaeda's deputy leader, local media said Saturday.
Five Blasts Reported in Spain After ETA Threats (Reuters) Reuters - Five explosions were reported in\different parts of Spain Monday after the Basque separatist\group ETA threatened to set off a total of seven bombs, Spanish\media reported.
Merck shares rebound slightly BOSTON (CBS.MW) - Shares of Merck and rivals Pfizer and Novartis all closed higher Friday, the day after Merck announced that it was abruptly pulling its hugely popular anti-inflammatory drug Vioxx from the market due to safety concerns.
Shares pare losses as analysts remain upbeat SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW) -- Research In Motion shares slipped early Friday, but bounced off their lows, after the maker of the popular handheld device said sales in the current quarter would just match Wall Street #39;s expectations.
Computing  #39;falls short BERKELEY, Calif. (CBS.MW) -- The computing problems to be solved in the next two decades will be more exciting than those that already have been solved, according to Microsoft #39;s Bill Gates.
El Duque unsure he can pitch in playoffs TORONTO - Orlando Hernandez has a tired arm and doesnt know whether hell be able to start in the playoffs. El Duque lost his second straight start, allowing five runs in three innings Friday night as 
Padres 3, Diamondbacks 2 The San Diego Padres found out between the second and third innings that they were eliminated from wild-card contention, then rallied for a 3-2 win over the Arizona Diamondbacks on Friday night.
NL Wrap: Rueter Sharp as Giants Stay in Division (Reuters) Reuters - Kirk Rueter allowed just three hits\over seven innings and J.T. Snow homered as the San Francisco\Giants scored a crucial 4-2 win over Los Angeles in National\League play at Dodger Stadium Friday.
Nigerian rebels sign ceasefire Rebels in Nigeria #39;s oil-rich Niger Delta have agreed to stop fighting government forces and hand in their weapons. In a statement on Friday, the Nigerian president #39;s office said an agreement to cease all hostilities had been reached.
NL Wrap: Rueter Sharp as Giants Stay in Division  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Kirk Rueter allowed just three hits  over seven innings and J.T. Snow homered as the San Francisco  Giants scored a crucial 4-2 win over Los Angeles in National  League play at Dodger Stadium Friday.
Hurricanes Force NASA to Delay Space Shuttle Flights The US space agency NASA says it has pushed the resumption of space shuttle flights back one or two months until at least May next year.
Suzuki singles into history SEATTLE - Chasing a nearly forgotten ghost of the game, Ichiro Suzuki broke one of baseball #39;s oldest records Friday night, smoking a single up the middle for his 258th hit of the year and breaking George Sisler #39;s record for the most hits in a season 
ANOTHER VOICE Baseball in Washington Washington may or may not get a new president next year, but it is getting a new baseball team. And like almost every major-league team that has ever worn Washington on its jersey, this one is a last-place bunch.
NL Wrap: Rueter Sharp as Giants Stay in Division Kirk Rueter allowed just three hits over seven innings and JT Snow homered as the San Francisco Giants scored a crucial 4-2 win over Los Angeles in National League play at Dodger Stadium Friday.
PeopleSoft Ousts CEO in Oracle Battle (Reuters) Reuters - In Oct 1 story headlined "PeopleSoft Ousts CEO Amid Oracle\Battle," please read in paragraph 16 ... originally offering\ #36;16 a share ... instead of ... originally offering  #36;19.50 a\share ...
Astronomers scan sky for birth of supernova Astronomers are closely watching three sections of the sky after detecting three short but powerful X-ray bursts that may be harbingers of supernovas that could happen in the next few days.
Baseball in DC, Angelos likely smiling Peter G. Angelos could sell the Baltimore Orioles for almost \$200 million more than he paid for the team 11 years ago under terms of a deal he is negotiating with Major League Baseball to compensate him for the Montreal Expos moving to Washington 
Angels roll Athletics to move atop AL West Oakland, CA (Sports Network) - Bartolo Colon hurled seven shutout innings of three-hit ball as the Anaheim Angels drew first blood in this three-game series for the American League West title with a 10-0 victory over the Oakland Athletics at Network 
Dodgers must put champagne on ice; Giants still alive for NL West Los Angeles, CA (Sports Network) - JT Snow homered to lead San Francisco over Los Angeles, 4-2, in the opener of a three-game series at Dodger Stadium.
Nigeria Delta rebels agree truce The Nigerian government has confirmed reports that rebel groups in the country #39;s main oil producing region have agreed to a ceasefire.
Judge's Decisions Draw Notice, for Being Conspicuously Late Judge George Daniels of Federal District Court in Manhattan has 289 motions in civil cases pending - more than any federal judge in the nation.
PeopleSoft Ousts CEO in Oracle Battle In Oct 1 story headlined  quot;PeopleSoft Ousts CEO Amid Oracle Battle, quot; please read in paragraph 16 ... originally offering \$16 a share ... instead of ... originally offering \$19.50 a share ... By Michael Kahn and Martha Graybow.
CEO #39;s firing rocks world of tech Longtime Oracle target PeopleSoft &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; PeopleSoft Inc. said Friday it had fired CEO Craig Conway, raising the possibility that the company, which until now has fought fiercely for its independence, will succumb to Oracle Corp.
US Pressing China Over Currency Value The Bush administration, seeking to achieve an economic breakthrough in the closing weeks of an election campaign, says China has made a serious commitment to overhauling a currency system 
Top US cyber-security official resigns WASHINGTON -- The nations top cyber-security official has resigned unexpectedly, raising new questions about the progress of efforts to protect the nations vast computer networks from terror attacks, electronic viruses and other threats, government 
Vieira denies Lauren fight Arsenal captain Patrick Vieira has admitted that he had a disagreement with teammate Lauren after the Champions League tie against Rosenberg on Wednesday.
Eriksson warns Owen over England place England coach Sven-Goran Eriksson says striker Michael Owen must prove in training next week that he deserves to face Wales in a World Cup qualifier -- or risk losing his place.
SI.com MINNEAPOLIS (Ticker) -- The Minnesota Twins don #39;t have to pack their bags for the playoffs just yet. Corey Koskie homered and drove in three runs to help Minnesota rally for a 4-3 triumph over the Cleveland Indians .
New al-Qaida tape likely authentic A new audiotape purportedly from al-Qaida #39;s second-in-command urging Muslim youths to attack the United States is probably authentic, a US intelligence official said.
Blair returns to Downing Street after heart trouble HAMISH ROBERTSON: British Prime Minister Tony Blair has returned to Downing Street after undergoing hospital treatment for a heart ailment.
Israelis mass along Gaza JEBALIYA REFUGEE CAMP, Gaza StriP -- Israeli aircraft struck more targets in the Gaza Strip yesterday as the army massed an armoured force in apparent preparation for a major military operation against militants in Jebaliya, the Palestinians #39; biggest 
Mosque blast kills at least 25 Dozens were injured in the suicide attack on a building crowded with Shiite Muslims in eastern Pakistan. SIALKOT, PAKISTAN -- A suicide attacker detonated a bomb inside a crowded Shiite Muslim mosque in eastern 
Pfizer wastes no time touting Celebrex A day after Whitehouse Station-based Merck abruptly withdrew from the market Vioxx, its blockbuster arthritis drug, Pfizer yesterday moved to promote Celebrex, its competing medicine.
Oil price closes above \$50 per barrel in New York Crude oil closed above 50 dollars per barrel Friday for the first time as traders worry below-normal US crude inventories could not meet the soaring demand in the upcoming months.
US Pressing China Over Currency Value WASHINGTON Oct. 2, 2004 - The Bush administration, seeking to achieve an economic breakthrough in the closing weeks of an election campaign, says China has made a serious commitment to overhauling a currency 
Singing the praises of karaoke #39;s creator Time magazine once called him  quot;the genius who gave voice to the common man in the 20th century, quot; comparing him (not entirely unseriously) to Mao Zedong and Mohandas Gandhi in influence.
Mariners #39; Suzuki Breaks Sisler #39;s Single-Year Hit Mark (Update3) Ichiro Suzuki of the Seattle Mariners broke Major League Baseball #39;s single-season hit record with singles in his first two at-bats in tonight #39;s 8-3 win over the Texas Rangers.
Lights out for Maroth, 4-1 Mike Maroth #39;s bid for a .500 season got lost in the lights of Comerica Park on Friday night. Maroth (11-13) was locked in a scoreless pitching duel with Tampa Bay Devil Rays right-hander Rob 
Blair to return to work after successful surgery LONDON -- Prime Minister Tony Blair arrived home yesterday after undergoing a successful operation to correct an irregular heartbeat.
War On Terror Column The Israeli army killed nine Palestinians in Gaza yesterday as it poured its forces into the coastal strip, expanding a ground offensive intended to root out militants firing rockets into Israeli towns.
UN struggles with Haiti violence UN peacekeepers in Haiti have struggled for a second day to control protests by supporters of deposed President Jean-Bertrand Aristide.
Denmark Hopes to Claim North Pole (AP) AP - Denmark is joining Russia and Canada to see if it can lay a claim to the North Pole  #151; and whatever natural riches may lie beneath it.
Descent into horror of Silent Hill The Silent Hill series of games have always been ripe with weirdness and hellish alternate realities.
U.S. Pursues Samarra Offensive; 5 Dead, 20 Wounded (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. and Iraqi forces pushed on\with their offensive against insurgents in the town of Samarra\overnight, killing five people and wounding 20 in the fighting,\a doctor at a local hospital said Saturday.
Bomb Blasts in Northeast India Kill 10, Wound 35 (Reuters) Reuters - A series of bomb blasts killed\nine people and wounded 35 in northeastern India on Saturday in\the deadliest attack since a cease-fire with the main\separatist group in Nagaland began seven years ago.
Mourning Iraqis Blame U.S. Troops (AP) AP - Families of the 35 children who died in a string of bombings in Baghdad blamed American troops for the tragedy, accusing them of attracting insurgents to a ceremony where the attacks occurred.
Two Explosions in India Kill 14 (AP) AP - Explosions ripped through a train station and a market within minutes of eachother in a northeast Indian city on Saturday, killing at least 14 people and wounding many more, a police official said.
Australian election enters final week with prize still up for grabs (AFP) AFP - The Australian election campaign enters its final week with neither side holding a decisive lead and both major parties hoping big-spending promises to swinging voters will get them over the line, according to analysts.
Intelligence Bill Has Political Tinge (AP) AP - After Congress shuffled the federal bureaucracy in response to the Sept. 11, 2001, terrorist attacks by creating the Homeland Security Department, Democrats lost control of the Senate and four seats in the House.
Bomb Blasts in Northeast India Kill 10, Wound 35  GUWAHATI, India (Reuters) - A series of bomb blasts killed  nine people and wounded 35 in northeastern India on Saturday in  the deadliest attack since a cease-fire with the main  separatist group in Nagaland began seven years ago.
Pakistan Ups Security, Shi'ites Mourn Bomb Victims  SIALKOT, Pakistan (Reuters) - Pakistan beefed up security  Saturday as minority Shi'ite Muslims prepared to bury victims  of a suicide bomb attack on a mosque in the eastern town of  Sialkot that killed at least 30 people a day earlier.
US firm allowed to sue Diana fund A US firm gets the go-ahead to sue the Diana, Princess of Wales Memorial Fund for 16m in a row over souvenirs.
Bigley brother's 'home searched' The brother of Iraq hostage Ken Bigley says UK and Dutch intelligence officers have searched his home.
UN struggles with Haiti violence UN peacekeepers try for a second day to control protests by supporters of deposed President Aristide.
Two suicides in child porn case Two men commit suicide and two others are found dead after Australia's biggest-ever operation against child porn.
PM recovers after heart treatment Tony Blair says he feels "fine" after hospital treatment for an irregular heartbeat, and plans to return to work on Monday.
No. 2 Al Qaeda Leader Urges Attacks An audiotape attributed to Ayman Zawahiri emerged Friday, stoking fears among some intelligence officials that the terrorist network is preparing a significant strike before the Nov. 2 election.
Former military official jailed for lying about Boeing deals WASHINGTON - A former high-ranking Air Force procurement official was sentenced to nine months in federal prison Friday after she admitted that she had lied to federal prosecutors and that favors from Boeing Co.
Hotel workers being locked out at ten hotels A labor dispute between San Francisco hotel workers and management is spreading to more hotels in the city. Employees at ten major hotels are being been locked out from their jobs today.
Giants, Astros Remain Tied for Wild Card (AP) AP - The San Francisco Giants kept pace with Houston in the wild-card race, and gave themselves an outside chance of overtaking Los Angeles in the NL West.
SpaceShipOne: Monday Launch Is On After a day spent reviewing its spectacular but wild spaceflight Wednesday, aerospace visionary Burt Rutan #39;s team is sticking to its plan to try to capture the Ansari X Prize with a second launch on Monday.
Apple plans European expansion of iTunes BERLIN: Apple Computer Inc is planning the next wave of expansion for its popular iTunes online music store with a multi-country European launch in October, the services chief architect said on Wednesday.
Angels bring A-game, but A #39;s don #39;t It is often said, mostly by broadcasters who have more time to fill than salient details, that the most important moment in a baseball game can come at any time.
Vieira plays down spat Arsenal skipper Patrick Vieira has played down his spat with teammate Lauren following their team #39;s disappointing UEFA Champions League draw with Rosenborg.
Major League Baseball News There were some skeptics wondering if Giants manager Felipe Alou was making the right decision by putting veteran Kirk Rueter on the hill in literally the biggest game 
Notes: Guillen case settled Suspended Angels outfielder Jose Guillen #39;s grievance hearing Friday morning turned out to not be much of a hearing at all. Both sides agreed to a relatively quick settlement 
AL Wrap: Angels Thump Athletics to Near Playoffs (Reuters) Reuters - Bartolo Colon pitched seven shutout\innings and Alfredo Amezaga hit a grand slam home run as the\Anaheim Angels trounced the Oakland Athletics 10-0 in their\American League West showdown series opener Friday.
Sharapova Advances to Korea Open Final (AP) AP - Wimbledon champion Maria Sharapova advanced to the final of the Korea Open on Saturday, beating Anne Kremer 6-0, 6-2.
Chief of Partnership to resign Thirteen years after leading the charge to diversify Boston's corporations, Benaree Wiley, president and chief executive of The Partnership, is stepping down to devote more time to personal interests.
Recall another step in Merck slide  Merck  amp; Co.'s decision to pull its widely prescribed drug Vioxx off the shelves yesterday because of a risk of stroke and heart attacks marked a new low for a pharmaceutical company that has suffered a steady decline in both market position and prestige over the last decade.
At peace with Microsoft, Sun chief whips off the gloves over Red Hat Sun Microsystems Inc.'s combative chief executive, Scott McNealy, fresh from resolving his long-running quarrel with archrival Microsoft Corp. , has found a new target for his wrath: Linux software maker Red Hat Inc.
Biotech hopes Finneran will help on Hill Biotechnology interests have scored big wins on Beacon Hill, but in Washington it's a different story.
US Airways, pilots reach pact on cuts US Airways reached a tentative agreement with the leaders of its pilots union on \$300 million in annual concessions yesterday, a deal that would result in the pilots permanently losing 17.5 percent of their salaries in exchange for a chance to save the airline and their jobs.
Buzz Was Big, but Mount St. Helens Eruption Wasn't Mount St. Helens's small explosion, predicted for several days and posing no imminent danger to people in the region, was greeted with jaw-dropping delight by many.
NASA Delays Plans to Fly Shuttle Soon NASA has abandoned plans to resume flying the space shuttle next March because of the impact of four hurricanes on space agency centers and work schedules.
Op can boost size of micro-penis \Surgeons perfect a way to build up the size of very small penises, enabling proper urination, and a full sex life.
PeopleSoft Leads Rally in Tech Stocks PeopleSoft Inc. shares surged 15 percent as investors interpreted the ouster of the company #39;s chief executive as a sign the company might now be willing to accept Oracle Corp.
Space shuttle grounded until May or even later NASA has abandoned plans to resume flying the space shuttle next March because of the impact of four hurricanes on space agency centers and work schedules, officials said Friday.
Taking aim at iPod: How competition for the market stacks up Apple Computer #39;s lovely little music player dominates the market, and its design and simplicity make it hard to beat. But let #39;s face it - the iPod is the luxury car of hard-drive music players.
Koalas to undergo contraceptive implants: World News Canberra, Oct 2 : Up to 2,000 female koalas will be implanted with a slow-release hormone in Australia to keep their numbers down, reports Xinhua.
Anaheim a win from title Bartolo Colon cruised along, refusing to show any emotion until the final out. Then, he quickly found catcher Jose Molina and gave him a huge hug.
Sun get jump on Liberty in Game 1 Home-court advantage was not kind to the New York Liberty Friday night. And the Connecticut Sun, which has built somewhat of a reputation for putting 
Bomb Blasts in Northeast India Kill 10, Wound 35 A series of bomb blasts killed nine people and wounded 35 in northeastern India on Saturday in the deadliest attack since a cease-fire with the main separatist group in Nagaland began seven years ago.
Stocks Begin Quarter With Solid Gains Stocks kicked off the fourth quarter with a solid rally on Friday as investors bet the market would shake off continued uncertainty about the election, the 
Nations demand study of quotas Governments from nearly 30 countries demanded Friday that the World Trade Organization undertake an urgent review of what might happen when textile quotas end Jan. 1. The 
CPS cites worker burden in continued abuse Texas children remain in life-threatening situations and are continually abused because child protective workers are inundated with excessive caseloads, an investigative report released Friday concludes.
Cell phone camera photos make arrest a snap for police a limousine driver -sed his cell phone #39;s camera to snap photos of the robber and the robber #39;s truck, police said.
Netflix, TiVo Partner To Offer Online Films (TechWeb) TechWeb - Netflix, TiVo team up to work with Hollywood studios to develop technology for the delivery of video programming over the Internet.
Drese and Ichiro forever linked Ryan Drese became an instant trivia subject on Friday night, courtesy of Ichiro Suzuki. What pitcher gave up Ichiro #39;s record-breaking 258th hit?
Els takes lead at WGC American Express Playing some of his best golf in the worst conditions, the South African breezed through a wacky day of weather at the WGC American Express Championship by starting with four straight birdies and finishing with an 8-under 64, giving him a two-shot lead 
SAVE OUR GRAND PRIX: BY ECC! MOTOR racing boss Bernie Ecclestone, the man trying to axe the British Grand Prix, is backing the Mirror #39;s campaign to save the Silverstone showpiece.
The fat lady finally sings Olympic Stadium has always had the lighting of a morgue. Stark and blindingly white, you could roll out a gurney and perform an autopsy at home plate - which is what #39;s now in order, given there #39;s been a needless death at The Big O.
No Easy Return for Trinidad Ricardo Mayorga swung so hard at Cory Spinks throughout their fight last December that once, when a wild shot missed its mark, Mayorga spun around in a cartoonish pirouette.
Non-Chase drivers tops at Talladega Joe Nemechek is 24th in the Nextel Cup standings, his championship chances long sunk. He realizes there #39;s only one way to get any recognition for his team and his sponsor, US Army: the old-fashioned way.
Brazil denies getting nuclear technology from Pakistan: World News Brasilia, Oct 2 : Brazil has denied that technology for its centrifuge plants for uranium enrichment comes from the clandestine nuclear network headed by Pakistani scientist Abdul Qadeer Khan.
Black threatens to raise libel suit to \$1.1-billion Conrad Black has raised the stakes in a libel action, threatening to file a \$1.1-billion suit against the authors of a 500-page tale of his alleged  quot;corporate kleptocracy quot; at Hollinger International Inc.
US need not worry about China, India: Gates Bill Gates, chairman of Microsoft, told a gathering of students of the University of California at Berkeley yesterday that computers would be the ticket to a good career in the near future.
NASA postpones space shuttle flight resumption WASHINGTON, October 2 (Itar-Tass) -- The US space agency has decided to postpone shuttle missions resumption earlier planned for March or April next year.
MY RIOT HELL MILLWALL chairman Theo Paphitis told yesterday how he called for police protection to escape rioting football fans.  quot;It was like going back in time 20 or 25 years to the bad old days of English football, quot; he said.
More Rooney magic? DEADLY SCORER: Manchester United #39;s Wayne Rooney celebrating his three goals against Fenerbahce this week at Old Trafford. (AP).
Trinidad set to punch back in Difficult questions. Questions about the futures of Felix Trinidad and Ricardo Mayorga. Very likely they will be questions only one of them will be able to answer.
Israelis, Palestinians seem to be digging in Israeli aircraft struck more targets in the Gaza Strip on Friday as the army massed an armored force in apparent preparation for a major military operation 
Suicides  #39;will not deter #39; porn probe FOUR men committed suicide after being investigated for possessing child pornography, the government confirmed today, as it warned more arrests would be made this week.
100 Qaeda deaths reported ISLAMABAD, Pakistan Pakistani security forces killed about 100 Qaeda terrorists during a recent military operation in tribal areas near Afghanistan, state-run television quoted Pakistan #39;s president as saying.
Rhythm not thrown off by their line dance They comprised one of the steadiest units in the NFL last season, so much so that the Patriots' offensive line made their lineup changes at the beginning and end of the season go virtually unnoticed.
Angels, Guillen reach financial accord Outfielder Jose Guillen and the Anaheim Angels have reached a financial settlement to resolve the grievance filed after the team recently suspended him without pay for the rest of the season. The sides agreed that Guillen will not rejoin the team for the remainder of the regular season and the penalty was reduced from seven days without pay to two ...
Giants win, stay alive for berth Kirk Rueter pitched seven strong innings and the San Francisco Giants defeated the Dodgers, 4-2, in Los Angeles last night, preventing the Dodgers from clinching their first West title since 1995.
Notables Detroit starter Mike Maroth (11-13) failed in his bid to finish at .500 after a 21-loss season last year.
Wakefield's ending is a happy one All Tim Wakefield needed to do last night, it turned out, was pitch adequately and emerge uninjured to secure a spot in the postseason rotation. He did both, prompting the Red Sox to announce after an 8-3 victory over the Orioles at Camden Yards that Wakefield and Bronson Arroyo would pitch Games 3 and 4 of the American ...
Colon, Angels rip A's The Angels considered themselves a playoff team all along, even while they spent the summer playing catch up. Now they're one win away.
Middle ground for Cancela Jose  quot;Pepe quot; Cancela was among the key attacking players for the Revolution last season. But Cancela has performed only briefly in the last five matches as the Revolution have struggled to a 1-3-1 record and are on the brink of elimination from MLS playoff contention.
UNH faces tough task at Villanova The University of New Hampshire football team will have its hands full when it travels to Villanova today for a pivotal Atlantic 10 matchup.
Eddy, Bentley outpace the Setters Marc Eddy threw for 351 yards and three touchdowns as Bentley routed Pace, 47-6, last night in Waltham.
Charging Els moves to the top Wild weather seems to bring out the best in Ernie Els, who was both steady and spectacular yesterday in a cool rain, warm sunshine, and blustery conditions for an 8-under-par 64 that gave him a two-shot lead in the American Express Championship at Thomastown, Ireland.
Brockton upends St. John's Prep The Boxers were supposed to be vulnerable, coming off their first loss of the season at the hands of Xaverian.
Williams takes off for Jets Julius Williams is a well-mannered student at East Boston High School by day. Once he steps into his phone booth and straps on his cleats and shoulder pads, he becomes a superhero to Jets fans and a formidable foe to opponents. Williams and the rest of the Eastie squad grinded until there was no mud left in Charlestown yesterday afternoon ...
Pitts scores twice to power Oliver Ames The Oliver Ames girls' soccer team assumed first place in the Hockomock League, edging King Philip, 5-4, yesterday in Easton.
Crocker's fake ensures a real record \\Through 3 1/2 quarters of last night's record-setting win over Concord-Carlisle, Acton-Boxboro quarterback Dave Crocker must have thought he was in the middle of a nightmare.
Transactions BASKETBALL Cleveland (NBA): Signed G Lucious Harris. Los Angeles (NBA): Named Chris Bodaken, Melvin Hunt, Larry Smith and Mike Wells assistant coaches. Memphis (NBA): Signed C Pau Gasol to a multiyear contract extension. Milwaukee (NBA): Signed G Tommy Adams. Sacramento (NBA): Signed G Courtney Alexander to a one-year contract.
Today's schedule College field hockey: Sweet Briar at Nichols, 10 a.m.; Salve Regina at Regis, 11 a.m.; UMass-Dartmouth at Bridgewater St., 11 a.m.; Assumption at AIC, 11 a.m.; Middlebury at Colby, 11 a.m.; Conn. College at Wesleyan, 11 a.m.; Amherst at Bowdoin, 11:30 a.m.; URI at Yale, noon; Penn at Dartmouth, noon; Salem St. at Fitchburg St., noon; Trinity at Williams, noon; ...
Sun rise to occasion with dominating first half Nykesha Sales scored 13 of her 15 points in the first half and the Connecticut Sun beat the Liberty, 61-51, last night at New York in Game 1 of the WNBA's Eastern Conference finals.
Baseball: Giants dump Dodgers to deny division crown LOS ANGELES: San Francisco have denied the Los Angeles Dodgers a division title, with a 4-2 Major League Baseball triumph that kept the Giants in the thick of the National League playoff race.
Shuttle #39;s Spring 2005 Launch Date Delayed HOUSTON Oct. 2, 2004 - The first shuttle flight since the Columbia tragedy has been pushed back by NASA because hurricane damage and implementation of new safety measures made a spring 2005 launch  quot;no longer achievable.
2,500-Year-Old Pomegranate Found In Greece ATHENS, Greece -- A scientific dig has uncovered four pomegranates believed to be 2,500 years old preserved inside a woven basket nestled in a bronze vessel, a Greek archaeologist said Friday.
Afghan Campaign Picks Up as Karzai Heads to Berlin  KABUL (Reuters) - Afghan President Hamid Karzai's deputies  campaigned for him Saturday ahead of presidential elections  seven days away, while the candidate himself prepared to fly to  Germany to collect an international award.
Bosnians Vote for Local Councils and Mayors  SARAJEVO (Reuters) - Bosnians voted Saturday in local  elections in which the main Muslim, Serb and Croat nationalist  parties are expected to confirm their dominance nine years  after the end of the 1992-5 war.
Bomb Blasts in Northeast India Kill 20, Wound 50  GUWAHATI, India (Reuters) - A series of bomb blasts killed  19 people and wounded more than 50 in northeastern India  Saturday in the deadliest attack since a cease-fire with the  main separatist group in Nagaland began seven years ago.
Cubans say US remittance policy unfair MATANZAS, Cuba -- The photo on the living room wall shows a smiling young man on a palm-fringed balcony near his new home in Miami, just 90 miles from here. His aging parents and grandmother fear they may not live to see him again -- and they blame President Bush.
Suicide bomber kills 25 at mosque in Pakistan  SIALKOT, Pakistan -- A suicide attacker carrying a bomb in a briefcase struck a Shi'ite mosque crammed with hundreds of worshipers in eastern Pakistan, killing at least 25 people and wounding more than 50 during prayers yesterday.
Intelligence Bill Has Political Tinge WASHINGTON - After Congress shuffled the federal bureaucracy in response to the Sept. 11, 2001, terrorist attacks by creating the Homeland Security Department, Democrats lost control of the Senate and four seats in the House...
Ichiro Breaks Sisler's Season Hits Record SEATTLE - The 258th hit in 2004 for Ichiro Suzuki was like so many others, a little ground ball up the middle. Only this one made history - a hit cheered 'round the world...
India assess Bangladesh security An Indian security team travels to Bangladesh to decide on the tour's future.
Boeing contract helper sentenced ALEXANDRIA, Va. -- A former Air Force official was sentenced Friday to nine months in prison after admitting she helped Boeing Co.
UPDATE 2-LUKOIL says Conoco can book 10 pct of its reserves US oil firm ConocoPhillips (COP.N: Quote, Profile, Research) will be able to add 10 percent of Russian major LUKOIL #39;s (LKOH.RTS: Quote, Profile, Research) total reserves to its books after it completes buying a 10 percent stake 
Ancient fruit basket dug up near Athens ATHENS -- A scientific dig has uncovered four pomegranates believed to be 2,500 years old preserved inside a woven basket nestled inside a bronze vessel, a Greek archeologist said yesterday.
Space launch gets Transport Canada go-ahead SASKATOON -- Transport Canada approved yesterday an application for a suborbital space launch by a Canadian team competing in an international race to put civilians into space.
Ichiro as exciting as they come This record is for all the little guys, for all the players who have to leg out every hit instead of taking a relaxing trot around the bases, for all the batters whose muscles aren #39;t 
Charging Els moves to the top Wild weather seems to bring out the best in Ernie Els, who was both steady and spectacular yesterday in a cool rain, warm sunshine, and blustery conditions for an 8-under 
Angels skunk A #39;s, are 1 win from West title OAKLAND - The weekend showdown and pitching matchups were perfect for a season-ending billing, but the unheralded stars Friday night became even more amazing for pennant-drive stories.
Sadly for Yanks, no rest for weary Instead of resembling the Yankees #39; best pitcher of the second half, Orlando Hernandez on Friday looked more like someone desperately fighting a weak shoulder.
Indians finishing like they started MINNEAPOLIS -- It was  #39; #39;Scott Elarton Continued Employment Night #39; #39; at the Metrodome yesterday, as the elongated right-hander made a final bid for a spot on the Indians #39; roster for 2005.
Turkey, Iraq on agenda for informal Chirac-Schroeder summit French President Jacques Chirac and German Chancellor Gerhard Schroeder were to meet Friday in the eastern French city of Strasbourg for informal talks focused on Turkey #39;s bid to join the EU and Iraq.
India, Pakistan to discuss troop pullback from Kashmir glacier Nuclear-armed rivals India and Pakistan will hold talks on the withdrawal of troops from a glacier in disputed Kashmir known as the world #39;s highest battlefield, a defence official said Wednesday.
Natwar rubishes NDA #39;s Pak claims LONDON: External Affairs minister K Natwar Singh has dismissed reports that India and Pakistan have finally done a deal on troop withdrawal from the world #39;s highest battlefield, the frigid Siachen glacier, even as he offered unlikely praise for Pakistan 
Other drivers feeling left out TALLADEGA, Ala. - Friday #39;s qualifying session at Talladega Superspeedway was a big day for the other guys -hose Nextel Cup drivers who aren #39;t among the elite 10 in the Chase to the Championship.
Four Commit Suicide in Australia Child Porn Case (Reuters) Reuters - Four Australian men have committed\suicide after being caught up in an investigation into child\Internet pornography that has resulted in more than 200\arrested and charged for 2,000 offences, police said on\Saturday.
Blair Back Home After Successful Operation (AP) AP - Prime Minister Tony Blair arrived home Friday after a successful operation to correct an irregular heartbeat, and doctors expected him to make a "rapid and complete recovery" with a very low risk of recurrence.
Report: Militants Demand Cleric's Release (AP) AP - A militant group claiming to have kidnapped two Indonesian women demanded Jakarta free a Muslim cleric accused of heading an al-Qaida-linked group, the Arab news station Al-Jazeera reported Saturday. But the cleric said he wanted no such thing.
Oil closes above \$50 for first time NEW YORK - Oil prices closed above \$50 a barrel for the first time in New York trading Friday, as traders fretted about Nigerian oil production amid a threatened rebel uprising.
Schwarz out of the race nother stage victory for race leader Petter Solberg, his fifth since the start of the rally. The Subaru driver is not pulling away at a fast pace from Gronholm and Loeb but the gap is nonetheless increasing steadily.
U. runs away with it Playing with an intensity born of embarrassment last season, the No. 14 Utes turned New Mexico into a threadbare red carpet at University Stadium on Friday night, running over the Lobos 
78-year-old on trial in Pitcairn A 78-year-old man has became the latest to face sex abuse allegations on the remote British Pacific colony of Pitcairn Island, founded more than 200 years ago by mutineers.
Microsoft defence enters day two A European judge will hear arguments on Friday on whether Microsoft should be forced to remove its music and video player from its Windows system.
17 people killed in explosions in India In India, at least 17 people have been killed and up to 55 wounded in four explosions in the country #39;s troubled northeast. Police say three blasts occurred in Dimapur, the commercial hub of Nagaland state, killing 16 people.
Nigeria reaches cease-fire with rebels The Nigerian government has signed a cease-fire with three rebel groups that had been targeting foreign oil companies and their workers in the Niger Delta region, government officials said Friday.
Captors of Indonesians want cleric freed A group claiming to have captured two Indonesian women in Iraq has said it will release them if Jakarta frees Muslim cleric Abu Bakar Bashir being held for alleged terrorist links.
Chirac Wants French Referendum on Turkey #39;s EU Bid (Update1) French President Jacques Chirac wants to change his country #39;s constitution to allow for a referendum on Turkey #39;s bid to join the European Union.
Hotels lock employees out As the chants of striking union workers filtered up to the hospitality room of the Hyatt Regency today, general managers of hotels represented by the San Francisco Multi-Employer Group announced that they had locked out UNITE HERE Local 2 employees from 
Dollar slides to a new euro low The dollar creeps to a new low against the euro in early European trade, after hitting a 12-year low against sterling.
Tribe forced to watch a Koskie Show rerun Minneapolis- The rest of baseball is hitting .330 against Terry Mulholland this season. The Indians do not know how that is possible.
Honors for Nude Lit, Fish Farts Recipients of this year's Ig Nobel Prizes, which honor the best in oddball research, run the gamut from a nudist library to a psychology experiment featuring a man in a gorilla suit to a recent finding that herrings communicate by farting. By Mark Baard.
SpaceShipOne: Monday Launch Is On Satisfied that his spaceplane is sound despite a series of unexpected rolls during Wednesday's flight, Burt Rutan will send SpaceShipOne aloft as scheduled to try to capture the \$10 million X Prize. By Dan Brekke.
Canada Still Has Eyes on X Prize Toronto's da Vinci Project says it has the go-ahead from the Canadian government for a manned space launch. Question is, can the crew catch up to Burt Ratan's SpaceShipOne, which is halfway to winning the \$10 million jackpot? By Dan Brekke.
Cybersecurity Chief Takes a Hike The director of Homeland Security's National Cyber Security Division quits, giving one day's notice. His resignation comes during a push by the tech industry and several lawmakers to make cybersecurity a higher priority.
U.S., Iraqis Battle Resistance in Samarra (AP) AP - Sporadic gunfire echoed through this Sunni Muslim stronghold Saturday as U.S. and Iraqi forces battled pockets of resistance a day after the start of what appeared to be the first major push to regain control of a string of cities before elections in January.
Two killed in attempt to bomb campaign office of Afghan president (AFP) AFP - Two men were killed when a bomb exploded as they were planting it outside a regional electoral campaign office of Afghanistan's US-backed President Hamid Karzai, an official said.
Four Suicides Linked to Child Porn Probe (AP) AP - The government will press on with a child pornography crackdown despite the suicides of four people being investigated in the operation, an official said Saturday.
U.S.-Led Forces Tighten Hold on Iraq Rebel Town  SAMARRA, Iraq (Reuters) - U.S. and Iraqi forces tightened  their grip on Samarra Saturday, pressing on with one of the  largest offensives since the fall of Saddam Hussein to try to  regain control of the rebel stronghold.
Israel Kills 7 Militants in Massive Gaza Offensive  GAZA (Reuters) - The Israeli army killed seven militants in  and around the northern Gaza Strip Saturday, raising the  Palestinian death toll to 45 in one of the biggest and  bloodiest offensives in four years of conflict.
Israel Presses on With Gaza Offensive JEBALIYA REFUGEE CAMP, Gaza Strip - More troops poured into the Gaza Strip on Saturday as Israel expanded its offensive to counter Palestinian rocket fire, one of the largest incursions in four years of fighting. Seven Palestinians were killed in new clashes, including four who cut through Gaza's border fence...
U.S., Iraqis Battle Resistance in Samarra SAMARRA, Iraq - Sporadic gunfire echoed through this Sunni Muslim stronghold Saturday as U.S. and Iraqi forces battled pockets of resistance a day after the start of what appeared to be the first major push to regain control of a string of cities before elections in January...
SAKS FIFTH AVENUE CLOSING Saks Fifth Avenue, Carmel Plaza #39;s retail anchor for nearly two decades, will close in January, the company announced Friday. Shoppers who fancy the high-end store that boasts such brands 
 #39;Fable #39; weaves fun fantasy adventure When Peter Molyneux designs a game, players take notice. Referred to by many in the video game industry as a man with a Midas touch, this soft-spoken British game maker 
AL notebook: Angels, Guillen reach resolution on grievance Outfielder Jose Guillen and the Anaheim Angels reached a financial settlement yesterday to resolve the grievance filed after the team recently suspended him without pay for the rest of the season.
Memphis Signs Gasol to Multi-Year Deal (AP) AP - Pau Gasol has been in the NBA for three seasons. That's been long enough for the 7-foot Spaniard to realize he wants to keep working with Jerry West and Hubie Brown.
Hostage brother hits out over police raid THE brother of Iraq hostage Ken Bigley hit out at police today after officers investigating the kidnapping raided his home. Paul Bigley said the raid had made him feel like a criminal and had wasted time in the race to save his brothers life.
Ichiro's New Hit Record Stokes Japanese Pride (Reuters) Reuters - Japanese school children and grown up\fans cheered Ichiro Suzuki when he set a new major league\baseball record for hits in a single season, a milestone that\drew personal congratulations from Japan's prime minister.
Canas Advances to Shanghai Open Final (AP) AP - Guillermo Canas booked his third finals appearance of the season with a 6-1, 6-2 victory Saturday over Jiri Novak at the Shanghai Open.
Ichiro's New Hit Record Stokes Japanese Pride  TOKYO (Reuters) - Japanese school children and grown up  fans cheered Ichiro Suzuki when he set a new major league  baseball record for hits in a single season, a milestone that  drew personal congratulations from Japan's prime minister.
Gates opens up Microsoft #39;s Bill Gates barnstormed the Bay Area on Friday, making three public appearances to discuss the future of technology and his own philanthropic efforts.
Greek archaeologists find 2,500-year-old pomegranates preserved in &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; A scientific dig has uncovered four pomegranates believed to be 2,500 years old preserved inside a woven basket nestled in a bronze vessel, a Greek archaeologist said Friday.
FilePlanet Daily Download Valve #39;s Gabe has sent some fresh info to fan site HL Fallout in which he reveals the various Half-Life 2 retail and Steam packages that will be available to the public once Half-life 2 actually goes on sale.
WHY DO ARSENAL PLAYERS PICK ON LAUREN? PATRICK VIEIRA insists his bust-up with Lauren will not damage Arsenal #39;s Premiership title challenge and maintains there is no dressing-room split at Highbury.
A #39;s are down Angels take opener, lead in the West One member of the Big Three is done for the regular season, with Mark Mulder #39;s nightmarish second half ending in a whimper, his night over after a ragged second inning.
Nemechek wins Bud Pole at Talladega TALLADEGA, Ala. -- Joe Nemechek took his first Bud Pole of the year and his third at Talladega Superspeedway Friday, turning a top speed of 190.
EDITORIAL: IAEA cannot request access to Dr AQ Khan Pakistans decision to refuse the International Atomic Energy Agency to have direct access to Dr AQ Khan is correct on both legal and political counts.
Headless bodies of policemen found AUTHORITIES found the decapitated bodies of three policemen as sporadic gunfire killed at least one civilian in Haitis capital on the second day of violent protests staged by followers of ousted President Jean-Bertrand Aristide.
Blair's Exit Strategy Sparks Succession Fever  LONDON (Reuters) - British Prime Minister Tony Blair was  back at work Saturday after successful heart surgery but his  vow to hold on to power for five more years has sparked fevered  speculation about who might succeed him and when.
America #39;s richest man talks tech at UC Berkeley The United States must  quot;rededicate quot; itself to the strength of its universities if the nation is to maintain its place as a world leader in technology and innovation, Microsoft Corp.
Afghan Campaign Picks Up as Karzai Heads to Berlin  KABUL (Reuters) - Afghan President Hamid Karzai's main  opponent in a landmark election took center stage on Saturday,  while the incumbent, almost invisible during the campaign amid  security concerns, prepared to go to Germany to receive an  award.
Half-Life 2 date is 26th November EUROGAMER is reporting that Vivendi has informed its retail partners this week of the release dates for the long-awaited Half-Life 2, putting to bed speculation that the court case currently ongoing between Vivendi and Valve would delay the games release 
At peace with Microsoft, Sun chief whips off the gloves over Red &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Sun Microsystems Inc. #39;s combative chief executive, Scott McNealy, fresh from resolving his long-running quarrel with archrival Microsoft Corp.
Congratulations Ichiro! Ichiro #39;s 3-for-5 night at the plate versus Texas on Friday gave those in attendance at Safeco Field a night they will never forget, as the Mariners #39; right fielder set a new single-season hits record with 259.
Weather Doesn #39;t Impede Els Playing some of his best golf in the worst conditions, Els breezed through a wacky day of weather at the American Express Championship in Thomastown, Ireland by starting with four straight birdies and finishing with an 8-under-par 64, giving him a two 
TRIPLE SUCCESS FOR SOLBERG Petter Solberg strengthened his grip on the Italian Rally this morning with three consecutive stage wins. The world champion held a half-minute overnight advantage from Marcus Gronholm but fastest times on 
EU Report 'Extremely Critical' of Turkey-Verheugen  BERLIN (Reuters) - The European Commission will be  "extremely critical" of Turkey's reform efforts in a report  next week, but that will not stop EU leaders agreeing to open  membership talks with Ankara, EU officials said Saturday.
Update 1: Enron Corp. #39;s CFO Resigns; Succesor Named The man who became Enron Corp. #39;s chief financial officer only a month after the energy giant declared bankruptcy has resigned.
Federer stretched to the limit in win over Paradorn World number one Roger Federer was stretched to the limit by fourth-seeded Thai Paradorn Srichaphan before edging a 7-5 2-6 6-3 victory in the Thailand Open semi-finals on Saturday.
Sharapova Storms Into Semifinals Even the chilly weather couldnt cool down Russian tennis star Maria Sharapova as she reached the semifinals of the Hansol Korea Open yesterday in Seoul in convincing fashion.
Blair op sparks row in his party British Prime Minister Tony Blair was recovering Saturday after successfully undergoing treatment to correct an irregular heartbeat -- but speculation about who will succeed him raged in his party.
Blasts kill 20 in northeast India A series of bomb blasts have killed 20 people and wounded more than 50 in northeastern India. This is the deadliest attack since a ceasefire with the main separatist group in Nagaland began seven years ago.
AL Wrap: Angels Thump Athletics to Near Playoffs  OAKLAND, Calif. (Reuters) - Bartolo Colon pitched seven  shutout innings and Alfredo Amezaga hit a grand slam home run  as the Anaheim Angels trounced the Oakland Athletics 10-0 in  their American League West showdown series opener Friday.
NL Wrap: Rueter Sharp as Giants Stay in Race  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Kirk Rueter allowed just three hits  over seven innings and J.T. Snow homered as the San Francisco  Giants scored a crucial 4-2 win over Los Angeles in National  League play at Dodger Stadium Friday.
Houston Astros Hold on to NL Wild Card Lead  HOUSTON (Reuters) - The streaking Houston Astros used seven  pitchers and a Jeff Bagwell home run to beat the Colorado  Rockies 4-2 Friday to hold on to their lead in the National  League wild card race.
What If Supercomputers Ruled The Ever since computer giant IBM announced earlier this week that they had developed the world #39;s fastest computer, the whole nation seems to be abuzz about supercomputers.
Dominant Solberg extends Rally of Italy lead World champion Petter Solberg extended his Rally of Italy lead to almost a minute after winning the first three stages on Saturday.
South Korea Tightens Security Following New Al-Qaida Threat South Korea has tightened security at home and overseas after a new threat by the al-Qaida terrorist network against countries supporting the US-led coalition in Iraq.
Chirac criticises interference in Iraq hostages release &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; PARIS - French President Jacques Chirac has lashed out at a private initiative to secure the release of two French hostages in Iraq as interference and said he hoped it would not thwart the delicate process, aides said Saturday.
Iraqi Kidnappers Demand Release of Militant Indonesian Cleric Kidnappers holding two Indonesian women hostages in Iraq are demanding the release of a militant cleric accused of leading a terrorist group in Southeast Asia.
Italians Divided After Return of  #39;Simonas #39; For three weeks, Italians across the country marched, held vigils and lit candles, and politicians united to promote freedom for a pair of humanitarian aid workers held captive in Iraq.
Blair's Exit Strategy Sparks Succession Fever (Reuters) Reuters - British Prime Minister Tony Blair was\back at work Saturday after successful heart surgery but his\vow to hold on to power for five more years has sparked fevered\speculation about who might succeed him and when.
McGrath and Langer shine in drawn India tour opener (AFP) AFP - Glenn McGrath scalped four wickets and Justin Langer hit a century here to lead Australia's preparations for next week's Test series against India.
U.S.-Led Forces Tighten Hold on Rebel Iraqi City  SAMARRA, Iraq (Reuters) - U.S. and Iraqi forces tightened  their grip on Samarra Saturday, pushing ahead with one of the  largest offensives since the fall of Saddam Hussein to try to  regain control of the rebel stronghold.
Rioting in Pakistani Town as Blast Victims Buried  SIALKOT, Pakistan (Reuters) - Angry Shi'ite Muslims set  vehicles and the mayor's office on fire in Pakistan's eastern  city of Sialkot Saturday after a funeral procession to bury  victims of a suicide bomb attack that killed 30 people.
Israel Expands Offensive in Gaza Strip JEBALIYA REFUGEE CAMP, Gaza Strip - More troops poured into the Gaza Strip on Saturday as Israel expanded its offensive to counter Palestinian rocket fire, one of the largest incursions in four years of fighting. Seven Palestinians were killed in new clashes, including four who cut through Gaza's border fence...
The Angels maul Mark Mulder, and the punchless A #39;s fall one game &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Bee Staff Writer. Or else, their run of four consecutive playoff appearances would end with a whimper and plenty of regrets. The A #39;s face that reality because Mark Mulder #39;s mysterious downfall 
Wal-Mart Says Sept. Sales Up 2.3 Percent (Reuters) Reuters - Wal-Mart Stores Inc.  on\Saturday said sales at stores open at least a year rose 2.3\percent, according to its preliminary tally, helped by sales of\bedding, electronics, food and pet supplies.
Enron Finance Chief Quits The man who became Enron Corporations chief financial officer only a month after the energy giant declared bankruptcy has resigned.
Hatch #39;s bill for tuition breaks for undocumented immigrants &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Sen. Orrin Hatch, R-Utah, has inserted his  quot;DREAM Act quot; into the budget authorization for the Justice Department, bypassing opposition from Republican leaders who have refused 
Reaction furious to EPA report WASHINGTON -- An Environmental Protection Agency report charging that the agency undermined its own lawsuits against air polluters by changing key regulations was praised Friday by environmentalists and condemned by industry groups and the EPA itself.
Bigley #39;s kidnappers may trade hostage for cash The terrorists holding Ken Bigley hostage in Iraq could be prepared to barter their captive for a ransom, it emerged last night. The Islamic militant leader Abu Musab al-Zarqawi has decided that Mr Bigley 
Wal-Mart Says Sept. Sales Up 2.3 Percent  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Wal-Mart Stores Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=WMT.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;WMT.N&lt;/A&gt; on  Saturday said sales at stores open at least a year rose 2.3  percent, according to its preliminary tally, helped by sales of  bedding, electronics, food and pet supplies.
What did Fannie Mae #39;s leader know? Corporate spin can be a powerful thing. Just ask Fannie Mae #39;s investors. They spent the last year hearing the mortgage giant #39;s chief executive Franklin D. Raines continually 
SpaceShipOne to launch again Monday com October 1, 2004, 11:39 AM PT. With the economy slowly turning up, upgrading hardware has been on businesses radar in the past 12 months as their number two priority.
Eriksson Spoilt for Choice Sven-Goran Eriksson is relishing the selection dilemma posed by the long-awaited return of Rio Ferdinand to the England squad ahead of next weekends World Cup qualifier against Wales.
Internet Video Shows Militant Beheading Iraqi  DUBAI (Reuters) - An Iraqi Islamist group beheaded an Iraqi  contractor it said was working for U.S. forces, a video on an  Islamist Web site showed Saturday.
Bomb Blasts Kill 20 in India's Nagaland  GUWAHATI, India (Reuters) - A series of bomb blasts killed  at least 20 people in the northeastern Indian state of Nagaland  Saturday in the deadliest attack since a cease-fire with the  main Naga separatist group began seven years ago.
Hamas pledges new rocket attacks Hamas militants say there will be no let-up in efforts to fire missiles at Israel, despite a major Israeli military operation.
U.S., Iraqis Battle Resistance in Samarra SAMARRA, Iraq - Sporadic gunfire echoed through this Sunni Muslim stronghold Saturday as U.S. and Iraqi forces battled pockets of resistance a day after launching what appeared to be the first major push to regain control of a string of cities before elections in January...
Utah Woman's Body Found in Landfill SALT LAKE CITY - The body of a young Utah woman allegedly killed by her husband has turned up in a landfill that police had been searching since her disappearance in late July. The state medical examiner's office used dental records to identify Lori Hacking's remains about six hours after they were discovered Friday...
Iraqis Blame U.S. for Massacre of Children BAGHDAD, Iraq - Families of the 35 children who died in a string of bombings in Baghdad blamed American troops for the tragedy, accusing them of attracting insurgents to a ceremony where the attacks occurred.    By Friday, tents had sprung up in the el-Amel neighborhood in Baghdad to accommodate mourners who gathered to share their grief from the Thursday attack...
MLB: Suzuki Breaks Most Base Hits Record The Seattle Mariners #39; Ichiro Suzuki has broken one of baseball #39;s oldest hitting records - most base hits in a season, set 84 years ago by Hall of Famer George Sisler.
Eriksson fears for Owen Michael Owen, whose summer move to Real Madrid is rapidly turning into a nightmare, has been warned by national coach Sven Goran Eriksson his England place could be under threat.
Gibernau wins Qatar MotoGP after Rossi controversy Spaniard Sete Gibernau won a controversial inaugural Qatar MotoGP on Saturday which began with multiple world champions Valentino Rossi and Max Biaggi being relegated to the back of the grid.
Kyoto protocol comes in from the cold The Russian government has approved the Kyoto Protocol on climate change, which sets formal targets for the reduction of greenhouse gas emissions, and sent it to the country #39;s parliament for ratification.
Strong African Union force needed in Darfur UN officials in Sudan said Friday that they hope an expanded AU force will be deployed in Darfur by the end of the month, after Sudan #39;s foreign minister agreed to allow in 3,500 forces.
Musharraf elevates ISI Chief, Karachi Commander to top posts Islamabad, Oct. 2. (PTI): Consolidating his hold on the military, Pakistan President Pervez Musharraf today appointed Chief of the country #39;s powerful spy agency, ISI, Gen Ahsanul Haq, as Chairman of the Joint 
Voting Begins In Bosnian Local Elections 2 October 2004 -- Bosnians began voting today in the country #39;s first locally organized local elections since the 1992-95 war. Around 2.3 million voters are eligible to elect local councils and mayors in 142 municipalities.
Federer to Meet Roddick in Thai Final  BANGKOK (Reuters) - World No. 1 Roger Federer will meet  second seed Andy Roddick in the final of the Thailand Open  after both claimed three-set victories Saturday.
Wal-Mart's Sept. Sales Up 2.3 Percent  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Wal-Mart Stores Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=WMT.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;WMT.N&lt;/A&gt; on  Saturday said sales at stores open at least a year rose 2.3  percent for September, near the low end of expectations,  according to its preliminary tally.
Enron #39;s CFO steps down HOUSTON The man who became Enron #39;s chief financial officer a month after the energy giant declared bankruptcy has resigned. An Enron spokeswoman says Raymond Bowen will pursue other professional opportunities.
MOTOGP NEWS Gibernau wins dramatic Qatar GP, Rossi falls. Sete Gibernau has led a Telefonica Honda one-two in a dramatic first ever Qatar Grand Prix, which also saw Ruben Xaus take his first ever MotoGP podium and world championship leader Valentino Rossi crash out after a determined charge from the back of the 
Musharraf elevates ISI chief to top post Consolidating his hold on the military, Pakistan President Pervez Musharraf on Saturday appointed chief of the country #39;s powerful spy agency ISI General Ahsanul Haq as chairman of the joint chiefs of military staff after promoting him to the rank of four 
Taliban Threaten to Attack Karzai Inauguration  KABUL (Reuters) - The Taliban threatened Monday to launch  attacks during the swearing in of Afghan President Hamid Karzai  while the U.S. military said every precaution was being taken  to protect a ceremony to be attended by top U.S. officials.
Quick-thinking driver helps cops save the day Nashville - Thanks to a quick-thinking robbery victim and his camera-equipped cellphone, police had a photo of the suspect and tracked him down in 10 minutes, police said.
CA to name CEO in 30 to 45 days OCTOBER 01, 2004 (IDG NEWS SERVICE) - Computer Associates International Inc. expects to fill its CEO vacancy within the next 30 to 45 days, the company said today.
MacCentral Week in Review First of all, I #39;d like to thank the dozens of newsletter subscribers who took the time to respond to last week #39;s editorial,  quot;The Real World, quot; in which I talked about my son #39;s school #39;s decision to switch from Macs to PCs.
Federer moves to Thailand Open final Top ranked Roger Federer shrugged off a strong challenge by local hero Paradorn Srichaphan to take a 7-5, 2-6, 6-3 win Saturday and set up a Thailand Open final showdown with Andy Roddick.
City spurn chances in draw London - Manchester City wasted numerous chances to score on Saturday as Southampton held them to a 0-0 draw in the Premier League.
Owen #39;s Real benchtime has Eriksson worried London - Michael Owen, whose summer move to Real Madrid is rapidly turning into a nightmare, has been warned by national coach Sven Goran Eriksson that his England place could be under threat.
Motor Cycling: Gibernau wins in Qatar as Rossi crashes out LOSAIL, Qatar : Spain #39;s Sete Gibernau won a dramatic Qatar Grand Prix to throw the world title race wide open after defending world champion Valentino Rossi crashed out.
Sharapova advances to Korea Open final Wimbledon champion Maria Sharapova flattened Anne Kremer of Luxembourg 6-0, 6-2 on Saturday and cruised into the Korea Open final.
Bombings kill 28 in north-east Bomb blasts killed at least 28 people and wounded 87 in north-eastern India yesterday in the deadliest attack since a ceasefire with the main separatist group in Nagaland began seven years ago.
Syria, Lebanon yet to fulfill UN demands: Report United Nations, Oct 2 (PTI) Syria has failed to pull out troops from Lebanon despite a demand by UN Security Council while Lebanon has not met the requirement that it disarm all militias, including Hizbollah guerrillas, according to a new United Nations 
Wildlife conference starts as battle lines drawn A major wildlife conference started yesterday in Bangkok bringing together 166 nations to scrutinise trade in some of the world #39;s rarest species amid promises of greater action to fight smuggling.
U.S.-Led Forces Widen Control in Rebel Iraqi City  SAMARRA, Iraq (Reuters) - U.S. and Iraqi forces tightened  their grip on the rebel stronghold of Samarra on Saturday with  one of the largest offensives since the fall of Saddam Hussein.
DeLay's Push Helps Deliver NASA Funds (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - Without a separate vote or even a debate, House Majority Leader Tom DeLay (R-Tex.) has managed to deliver to a delighted NASA enough money to forge ahead on a plan that would reshape U.S. space policy for decades to come.
N.Korea Says South Has Nuclear Arms, Rejects Talks  SEOUL (Reuters) - North Korea Saturday dashed the South's  hope of quickly resuming bilateral talks between the two old  Cold War enemies, declaring there is no hope for progress  unless South Korea's nuclear experiments are fully  investigated.
Virgin Making Mark Among Mobile Services  NEW YORK (Reuters) - When Virgin Group &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=VA.UL qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;VA.UL&lt;/A&gt; Chairman  Richard Branson put his brand on a U.S. mobile telephone  service two years ago, there appeared to be scant space for  newcomers to the crowded market.
Virgin Making Mark Among Mobile Services  NEW YORK (Reuters) - When Virgin Group &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=VA.UL target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;VA.UL&lt;/A&gt; Chairman  Richard Branson put his brand on a U.S. mobile telephone  service two years ago, there appeared to be scant space for  newcomers to the crowded market.
Rhinemaidens Turn Bungee Jumpers In the Lyric Opera of Chicago's reprise of Wagner's "Ring" Cycle, gymnasts dangle, flutter and lip-sync.
Hits Record Is Ichiro's 'Best Moment' SEATTLE - The 258th hit in 2004 for Ichiro Suzuki was like so many others, a little ground ball up the middle. Only this one made history - a hit cheered 'round the world...
IBM Wins Big Contract from Lloyds (Reuters) Reuters - IBM has signed a seven-year,  #36;969.2\million contract with British bank Lloyds TSB to supply it with\Internet telephony and data services, IBM said on Monday.
Cost Conundrum Holds Up Diesel Hybrid Cars A car that can go 80 miles on a gallon of renewable fuel such as soy and canola would seem like an ideal solution to oil prices bumping around historic highs of \$50 a barrel.
Perry Says Sweeping Reforms In Store For CPS Gov. Rick Perry told the Texas Conservative Coalition Research Institute Friday that it is the responsibility of a conservative and compassionate government to protect the most vulnerable in society.
Google Challenge: Keeping Wealthy Workers As Google Inc. (GOOG.O: Quote, Profile, Research) nears the end of its first quarter as a public company, industry watchers say one of its emerging challenges is 
NASA Delays Shuttle Flight Set for Spring HOUSTON, Oct. 1 -- NASA decided Friday to delay the spring 2005 launch of the first shuttle flight since Columbia disintegrated, citing hurricane damage and more work needed to implement safety recommendations.
Clarke sets early pace with third-round 65 Britain #39;s Darren Clarke reeled off eight birdies in a seven-under-par 65 to surge up the leaderboard in the WGC-American Express Championship third round on Saturday.
Canas tops Novak in Shanghai semis Shanghai, China (Sports Network) - Third-seeded Argentine Guillermo Canas recorded an easy straight-set win over second-seeded Czech Jiri Novak in Saturday #39;s semifinals at the \$380,000 Heineken Open Shanghai.
US-Led Forces Widen Control in Rebel Iraqi City US and Iraqi forces tightened their grip on the rebel stronghold of Samarra on Saturday with one of the largest offensives since the fall of Saddam Hussein.
New pension law makes life tougher for old-timers A smashing blow is being dealt to thousands of future pensioners by a law that has just been brought into force by the Federal Government.
Oil, Profit Reports to Weigh on Stocks (Reuters) Reuters - A new reporting period for company\earnings kicks into gear next week, giving investors a bit of\hard data to chew on, and markets could be volatile if the\price of crude oil stays north of  #36;50 a barrel.
Google Challenge: Keeping Wealthy Workers (Reuters) Reuters - As Google Inc.   nears\the end of its first quarter as a public company, industry\watchers say one of its emerging challenges is how to keep\soon-to-be wealthy workers from cashing out and moving on.
IMF policymakers open annual meeting under heavy security WASHINGTON, Oct 2 (AFP) - IMF policymakers, gathering under heavy police guard, went behind closed doors here Saturday to assess near-term global economic prospects threatened by rising oil prices.
NASA Forced To Delay Shuttle Launch The launch of the first Space Shuttle since the Columbia disaster has been delayed because of the impact of hurricane damage and the implementation of new safety measures.
Manchester United v Middlesbrough Gareth Southgate fears another Boro backs-to-the-wall display on Sunday -whether Wayne Rooney lines up against them or not. After a battling performance against Czech champions Banik Ostrava on Thursday to 
Cleveland Indians Team Report - October 2 (Sports Network) - The Cleveland Indians will continue with the second test of a regular season-ending three-game set against the Minnesota Twins at the Metrodome.
Briton Sheds More Light on Guantanamo Hell A British detainee said he has been abused in Guantanamo, adding he witnessed the deaths of two other detainees at the hands of US military personnel, according to a letter sent to his lawyers.
Druse leader criticizes Lahoud #39;s extended term A Lebanese opposition leader on Saturday renewed his criticism of pro-Syrian President Emile Lahoud #39;s extended term, a day after a close supporter was wounded in a car bombing regarded as a warning not to upset Lebanon #39;s Damascus-backed establishment.
Study Reveals 'Demographic Catastrophe' in Darfur (Reuters) Reuters - Researchers called the situation in\Darfur a "demographic catastrophe" on Friday after the first\scientific study done in the region found high death rates both\before and after the displacement of some 1.5 million people.
Three in London court appearance on terrorism charges (AFP) AFP - Three men charged under Britain's anti-terrorism laws on suspicion of seeking to obtain radioactive material to make a nuclear device made a brief first appearance Saturday before a London court.
Iran Revises Constitution to Allow Privatisations  By Amir Paivar  TEHRAN (Reuters) - Iran Saturday overturned a key plank of the  constitution to allow large-scale privatizations in a bid to  overhaul the lumbering economy, over which many hard-line  parliamentarians have been trying to maintain state dominance.
New NASA Spacecraft Moves One Step Closer to Fall Launch NASA -- NASA is planning to launch the Demonstration of Autonomous Rendezvous Technology (DART) flight demonstrator no earlier than Oct. 26, 2004, from Vandenberg Air Force Base, Calif...
Evidence Shaky for Sun's Major Role in Past Climate Changes National Center for Atmospheric Research -- Computer models of Earth's climate have consistently linked long-term, high-magnitude variations in solar output to past climate changes.     Now a closer look at earlier studies of the Sun casts doubt on evidence of such cycles of brightness, their intensity and their possible influence on Earth's climate...
Space Shuttle's Spring 2005 Launch Date Delayed By PAM EASTON    HOUSTON (AP) -- The first shuttle flight since the Columbia tragedy has been pushed back by NASA because hurricane damage and implementation of new safety measures made a spring 2005 launch "no longer achievable."    March or April had been the tentative date selected by NASA's spaceflight council, which announced the delay Friday.    The council, in Houston to discuss the Oct...
Pinhole Camera to Image New Worlds A University of Colorado study has embarked on demonstrating that new planets can be found with the help of an orbiting starshade. The method has been compared to building a giant pinhole camera in space.
Bombings, Gun Attacks in India Kill 44 GAUHATI, India - A spate of bombings and gun attacks in crowded public places killed 44 people Saturday in markets and a railroad station across two states in India's northeast, police said.    In all, nine attacks took place through the day in Nagaland and Assam states, both of which have faced campaigns by separatist rebels, police officials in the two states told The Associated Press...
NASA Official Sees Role in Space for Private Companies The head of the US space agency, NASA, says private enterprise will play an important role in space in the future. While visiting California, NASA administrator Sean O #39;Keefe watched the launch of the privately 
Seattle Mariners Team Report - October 2 (Sports Network) - Ichiro Suzuki will try to add to his new single-season hits record, as he takes the field for the Seattle Mariners in the middle test of a season-ending three-game series against the visiting Texas Rangers.
Roddick vs. Federer in Thailand Open final Roger Federer and Andy Roddick pulled out three-set victories Saturday to set up a No. 1 vs. No. 2 final at the Thailand Open. Top-ranked Federer got past Thai star Paradorn Srichaphan 7-5, 2-6, 6-3 in the 
Sharapova advances to Korea Open final Wimbledon champion Maria Sharapova routed Anne Kremer of Luxembourg 6-0, 6-2 Saturday to advance to the Korea Open final. The top-seeded Sharapova will play for the title Sunday against Poland #39;s Marta Domachowska 
Hundreds in Pakistan protest at funeral A funeral for 30 victims of a mosque bombing in Sialkot, Pakistan, became violent Saturday, with protesters setting fire to several government buildings.
Twenty dead from India bomb blasts At least 20 people were killed in three bomb blasts Saturday in northeastern India, CNN reported. Besides the 20 dead, about 65 people were injured in the explosions, one of 
Labor trails in marginals LABOR has failed to make inroads in Coalition marginal seats, casting doubt on its chances of winning Saturday #39;s election. An exclusive Newspoll shows the Coalition hanging on to its lead in the seats Mark Latham must win.
Some 200,000 rally against Dutch austerity measures (AFP) AFP - Some 200,000 people rallied in Amsterdam against the govenrment's controversial austerity and reform measures in the city's biggest demonstration in two decades.
Stocks Rise; Nasdaq, S amp;P at 3-Month Highs Stocks rose sharply on Friday in heavy trading as software company PeopleSoft Inc. and chip-related stocks boosted the Nasdaq and Standard  amp; Poor #39;s 500 indexes to their highest closes in about three months.
OSIA Dismisses Gartner Linux Piracy Claim The Fine Print: The following comments are owned by whoever posted them. We are not responsible for them in any way. There should be an MS tax, no there shouldn #39;t... (Score:2, Insightful). OK, colour me not 
Three remanded on terror charges Three men have appeared in court charged with terrorism offences after a newspaper tip-off alleging the suspects tried to buy explosives for a  quot;dirty bomb quot;.
Will historic flight launch space tourism? MOJAVE, Calif.--As the sun cracked the ragged horizon of the Mojave Desert on Wednesday, the White Knight aircraft taxied onto the runway looking like a gigantic model glider with an oversize torpedo latched to its belly.
Baseball: Economics and the Playoffs Description: NPR #39;s Robert Siegel talks with our regular sports commentator Stefan Fatsis of The Wall Street Journal about Major League baseball.
Suzuki sets record but would rather have playoff spot Anaheim #39;s &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; (CP) - Ichiro Suzuki has the single-season hits record, but he #39;d much rather have the playoff spot Bartolo Colon and the Anaheim Angels are one game closer to securing.
Kirk Rueter picthes 7 strong innings, and the Giants trim their &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Bee Staff Writer. LOS ANGELES - One down, two or three to go - that #39;s the Giants #39; mantra after they successfully took their first step of a weekend mission at Dodger Stadium.
Bayern, Bremen Lift Euro Hopes Ahead of Clash Bayern Munich and Werder Bremen both recorded European Champions League wins in mid-week to add spice to an already mouthwatering Bundesliga match this Saturday.
49 killed in serial blasts in Assam, Nagaland A series of bomb blasts and militant attacks in Nagaland and Assam have killed at least 49 people today. In Assam, there have been several explosions and attacks all through the day, killing 26 people.
IBM Reclaims Supercomputing Crown from NEC IBM has reclaimed the title of world #39;s fastest supercomputer, overtaking a Japanese computer that shocked the US government when it set a computing speed record in 2002.
CO KNOWS IT WON #39;T BE EASY AZ Alkmaar coach Co Adriaanse knows his team have their work cut out to stay among the Eredivisie pace-setters ahead of Sunday #39;s visit of champions Ajax.
OS Competition Is Good for IT (Ziff Davis) Ziff Davis - The competition between open-source and proprietary software promises to be the most significant force in IT over the next decade.
NEC Blade Server Bundles Linux (Ziff Davis) Ziff Davis - NEC Solutions America is shipping a version of its blade server bundled with a fault-tolerant version of Linux.
Bush Hits Kerry on U.S. Needing 'Global Test' (Reuters) Reuters - President Bush said on Saturday\Democrat John Kerry's debate remark that U.S. preemptive\military action should be subject to a "global test" would give\other nations a veto over American national security decisions.
Body dug up in Kenya rape probe The body of a teenage Kenyan girl, whose parents say she was raped by British soldiers, is exhumed.
Football: Arsenal thrash Charlton Thierry Henry scores twice as Arsenal thrash Charlton and go five points clear in the Premiership.
Officials Far Apart on Iraq Debt Relief WASHINGTON - The world's major economic powers were far apart Saturday on agreeing how to provide debt relief for Iraq and the poorest nations, as finance officials began broader discussions about the global economy.    Treasury Secretary John Snow and Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan led the U.S...
Smoking Spurs Snoring By Serena Gordon, HealthDay Reporter    Even passive smoke can make you a nocturnal noisemaker, study finds    HealthDayNews -- Your chances of getting a peaceful night's sleep are better if you don't smoke, or spend time around anyone who does.    That's because smoking -- both active and passive -- makes it more likely you'll snore the night away, according to a study in the October issue of the American Journal of Respiratory and Critical Care Medicine...
Vioxx Users Can Find Safe Alternatives By E.J. Mundell, HealthDay Reporter    Other drugs on the market offer arthritis relief, experts say    HealthDayNews -- A day after one of the largest drug recalls in history, America's 2 million Vioxx users are left wondering what's next in terms of relieving their arthritis pain...
Right Whales May Be Making a Comeback By MARY PEMBERTON     ANCHORAGE, Alaska (AP) -- North Pacific right whales may not be going extinct after all. Scientists have found twice as many right whales in the Bering Sea as previously spotted, giving them hope the rare whales are making a comeback...
Mount St. Helens -- A Volcanic 'Ring of Fire' The earthquakes that started a week ago at Mount St. Helens -- precursors to Friday's eruption -- are a reminder that the 8,364-foot sleeping giant is but a part of a volcanic "ring of fire" so vast that it encircles the Pacific Ocean.
Denmark Hopes to Claim the North Pole By JAN M. OLSEN     COPENHAGEN, Denmark (AP) -- Denmark is joining Russia and Canada to see if it can lay a claim to the North Pole - and whatever natural riches may lie beneath it...
CA Partners Rattled Again By Upheaval Partners of Computer Associates International had their concerns rekindled last week after CA announced layoffs and product changes with little detail.
No. 3 seed will face Burgsmuller for title SHANGHAI, China -- Guillermo Canas defeated Jiri Novak of the Czech Republic 6-1, 6-2 Saturday at the Shanghai Open and will play for his third title this season.
Schweinsteiger hits Bayern winner Substitute midfielder Bastian Schweinsteiger pushed Bayern Munich up to third place in the Bundesliga when he scored the decider in a 2-1 victory away to champions Werder Bremen.
***** WNBA Playoff Game Capsules - Friday, October 1st ***** Final Score: Connecticut 61, New York 51 New York, NY (Sports Network) - Nykesha Sales scored 15 points to lead Connecticut to a 61-51 win over New York in Game 1 of their best-of-three Eastern Conference Finals series at Madison Square Garden.
Texas Tech Red Raiders NORMAN, Oklahoma (Ticker) -- Adrian Peterson hopes to carry over his stellar start to Big 12 Conference action when second-ranked Oklahoma hosts Texas Tech on Saturday.
Steelers LB Bell Remains Out With Injury (AP) AP - Steelers linebacker Kendrell Bell will miss a fourth consecutive game Sunday because of a sore groin.
Bomb Blasts Kill At Least 26 in Northeastern India Two bomb blasts minutes apart have killed at least 26 people and wounded at least 86 others in the northeastern Indian state of Nagaland, home to a long-running separatist conflict.
U.S. Offers Internet Downloads of \$50 Bill By TED BRIDIS    WASHINGTON (AP) -- The U.S. government will offer over the Internet low-quality images of its new \$50 bill for artists, students and others who discover that their computers, scanners or printers won't allow them to view or copy pictures of the new currency...
Customized Photo-Stamp Experiment Canceled The U.S. Postal Service has canceled a brief experiment that allowed ordinary people to make postage stamps using images of their dogs, babies and even, it turned out, outlaws such as the Unabomber.
Orange launches delayed 3G service (FT.com) FT.com - Orange on Monday launched its long-delayed 3G mobile phone services in the UK, and predicted it would sell between 1.5 and 2m branded handsets by the end of 2006.
San Francisco Giants Team Report - October 2 (Sports Network) - The San Francisco Giants not only have wild card apsirations, but they can possibly win the NL West. San Francisco will play the middle contest of a three-game series versus the Los Angeles Dodgers today in southern California.
Yankees manager Torre suspended for one game, fined New York Yankees manager Joe Torre was suspended for one game and fined by major league baseball Saturday because one of his pitchers threw at a batter after umpire warnings during a game against the Boston Red Sox.
Many Iraqi Children Miss School Over Violence Worry Millions of Iraqi children were due to start the new school year Saturday, but many stayed at home, their parents too scared to let them venture out amid Iraq #39;s spiraling violence.
China Has No Immediate Plan to Join G7  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - China, which for the first time  joined a meeting of top officials from the Group of Seven  countries this week, has no immediate plans to enter the rich  nations' club, its finance minister said on Saturday.
Uncertainty Translates Into Losses Mutual funds dipped last quarter, but didn't dive. The losses were felt almost across the board, spanning many sectors and virtually every type of diversified fund.
Motor Cycling: Angry Rossi hits out at demotion LOSAIL, Qatar : World champion Valentino Rossi angrily hit out at race organisers here after he was demoted to the back of the grid for the Qatar Grand Prix.
Merck Pulls Arthritis Drug Off Market Merck  amp; Co Inc. on Thursday pulled its arthritis drug Vioxx off the market after a study showed it doubled the risk of heart attack and stroke, a move that sent its 
Molson #39;s O #39;Neill Promises to Address Options Concerns (Update3) Molson Inc. Chief Executive Officer Daniel O #39;Neill said he #39;ll provide investors with a positive #39; #39; response to their concerns over the company #39;s plan to let stock- option holders vote on its planned merger with Adolph Coors Co.
Vioxx woes put FDA process under scrutiny Americans should feel reasonably safe taking government-approved prescription drugs - with a few caveats - even after a popular arthritis medication was pulled from the market, medical experts say.
Nickelback singer eager to play to the game world Game designers are often called the rock stars of the digital world, but that #39;s a load of hooey. Rock stars are pop gods and they transcend all bounds of genre to find success in the mainstream.
Men #39;s Tennis: Federer Reaches Thailand Open Finals The world-number-one in men #39;s tennis, Roger Federer of Switzerland, has advanced to the final of the Thailand Open after eliminating local star Paradorn Srichaphan.
Why Conway was shown the door (SiliconValley.com) SiliconValley.com - When Craig Conway took charge at PeopleSoft in 1999, the maverick ex-Oracle salesman was given free rein to turn around the software maker's country-club atmosphere and whip it into shape for fierce competition. And, in large part, he succeeded.
Incoming CEO: Father figure Duffield back at the helm (SiliconValley.com) SiliconValley.com - If there's a spirit that defines the many quirks and complexities of Pleasanton software company PeopleSoft, it emanates from its founder and once-again chief executive officer, David A. Duffield.
'Don't Let Down Guard,' IMF Chief Warns  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - With no major economic crises  brewing, the head of the International Monetary Fund on  Saturday urged world financial leaders to seize the period of  calm as a time to tackle weak spots in their economies.
Officials Far Apart on Iraq Debt Relief The world's major economic powers were far apart Saturday on agreeing how to provide debt relief for Iraq and the poorest nations, as finance officials began broader discussions about the global economy.
Crunch time on poverty The annual meetings of the World Bank and the International Monetary Fund (IMF) in Washington later this week should be anything but routine.
.Mac bumps up storage capacity, improves mail SEPTEMBER 29, 2004 (MACCENTRAL) - Apple Computer Inc. has improved the services offered to subscribers of .Mac. Previously, the amount of storage for a basic .
Spring change slows Cup cars a bit In yet another step to keep its Nextel Cup teams from getting too creative, NASCAR handed out rear springs Friday to be used in qualifying for the EA Sports 500 at Talladega Superspeedway.
Report: Cleric swap for hostages Arabic-language news channel Al-Jazeera has reported hostage-takers in Iraq are demanding Indonesia #39;s government release Muslim cleric Abu Bakar Ba #39;asyir in exchange for two female hostages.
Militant Group May Ask for Ransom for British Hostage The brother of British hostage Ken Bigley said today he was looking into reports that a new Iraqi militant group had intervened to help negotiate the engineers release.
PalmOne's Treo 650: Hybrid Phones Keep Getting Smarter (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - When I showed PalmOne's new Treo 650 to a co-worker who had just bought the Treo 600, my now-jealous colleague paid this new model one of the highest compliments imaginable: a two-word obscenity we can't print.
Angry Shaq on Kobe:  #39;He #39;s a joke ... a clown #39; O #39;Neal lashed out at his former Los Angeles Lakers teammate again during a photo shoot in Florida.  quot;The guy #39;s a joke, quot; O #39;Neal was quoted as saying in the Fort Lauderdale Sun-Sentinel on Friday.
French president, FM slate freelance efforts to free hostages (AFP) AFP - French President Jacques Chirac has lashed out at a private initiative to secure the release of two French hostages in Iraq as  quot;interference quot; and said he hoped it would not thwart the delicate process, aides said.
Liberals face one-year election anniversary dogged by "promise breakers" label (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - TORONTO (CP) - A year ago Liberal Leader Dalton McGuinty solemnly pledged to Ontarians in prime-time TV election ads that he would make Ontario a better place - without raising taxes.
New Web site allows salespeople to help solve the puzzle of whom to reach (SiliconValley.com) SiliconValley.com - It sounds like a 1999 dot-com spin on eBay: A new San Mateo start-up called Jigsaw says it is launching a platform where users can buy, sell and trade business cards.
Activist Holds Anti-Nader Hunger Strike (AP) AP - A peace activist who once fasted for 63 days to protest movie violence and war toys is launching another hunger strike to persuade Ralph Nader to abandon his presidential bid.
U.S.-Led Forces Widen Control in Rebel Iraqi City  SAMARRA, Iraq (Reuters) - U.S.-led forces backed by  warplanes tightened their grip on the rebel stronghold of  Samarra Saturday, saying they had killed 125 rebels in one of  the largest offensives since the fall of Saddam Hussein.
Romania Presidential Challenger Stolojan Quits Race  BUCHAREST, Romania (Reuters) - Romania's main opposition  presidential challenger Theodor Stolojan withdrew from the race  citing health reasons Saturday, dealing a severe blow to his  alliance ahead of next month's elections.
25 Terror Suspects Nabbed in Afghanistan KABUL, Afghanistan - Afghan intelligence agents backed by international peacekeepers arrested 25 people allegedly linked to the Taliban and al-Qaida in an early morning raid in eastern Kabul Saturday, a spokesman for the peacekeepers said.    Lt...
Activist Holds Anti-Nader Hunger Strike SANTA MONICA, Calif. - A peace activist who once fasted for 63 days to protest movie violence and war toys is launching another hunger strike to persuade Ralph Nader to abandon his presidential bid...
Vioxx Woes Put FDA Process Under Scrutiny WASHINGTON - Americans should feel reasonably safe taking government-approved prescription drugs - with a few caveats - even after a popular arthritis medication was pulled from the market, medical experts say.    Vioxx was the first prescription drug since 2001 to be taken off the market for safety reasons...
Jamal Lewis Deal Could Include Jail Time ATLANTA - Lawyers for Baltimore Ravens running back Jamal Lewis are negotiating a plea deal in his drug conspiracy case that would allow him to serve jail time in the offseason, a source close to the case told The Associated Press on Saturday.    Under a deal being discussed with federal prosecutors, Lewis would serve four to six months - possibly split between jail and a halfway house - after the season, said the source, who spoke on condition of anonymity...
Georgia Looks for Payback Against LSU (AP) AP - The Georgia Bulldogs hardly were used to this sort of treatment. They limped off the field at the Georgia Dome, unable to rely on any what-ifs or might-have-beens. For the first time in coach Mark Richt's tenure, the Bulldogs knew what it felt like to be dominated by a better team.
Randy Moss Fined  #36;5K for Shoving Match (AP) AP - Randy Moss was fined  #36;5,000 by the NFL for his role in a scuffle during last Sunday's game between the Vikings and Chicago Bears.
Attackers Strike U.S. Consulate in Jiddah (AP) AP - Islamic militants threw explosives at the gate of the heavily guarded U.S. consulate in Jiddah, then forced their way into the building, prompting a gunbattle in a bold assault that left seven people dead and several injured before the three-hour long crisis was brought under control.
Japan celebrates Suzuki breaking record Baseball fans across Japan Saturday honored Ichiro Suzuki, the Seattle Mariners #39; Japanese player who broke major league baseball #39;s record for a season #39;s hits.
12 Palestinians killed in Gaza military operation As many as 12 Palestinians died in four separate incidents on Saturday in Gaza, another day of escalating violence between Israeli forces and Palestinian militants.
Bomb blasts, firing kill 44 in Nagaland, Guwahati GUWAHATI: At least 44 persons were killed and 100 others wounded in firing and series of bomb blasts in Indian eastern states Nagaland, Assam, and Guwahati here on Saturday.
Els Fires a 68 to Stay Two Clear at Mount Juliet  THOMASTOWN, Ireland (Reuters) - Ernie Els stayed on track  for a maiden World Golf Championship title with a  four-under-par 68 in the WGC-American Express Championship  third round on Saturday.
Inducing Infringement of Copyrights Act The purpose of the INDUCE ACT blog will be to consolidate available information concerning the Induce Act as well as to provide new and original content about it.
Microsoft Expands Lower-Cost Windows XP Program To India Microsoft is expanding its experimental Windows XP Starter Edition program to India, the company disclosed on Wednesday. It #39;s the second such announcement from Microsoft this week.
Two Hamas militants killed in Gaza airstrike Two members of Izzedin al Qassam Brigades, the armed wing of the Islamic Resistance Movement (Hamas), were killed on Saturday evening in an Israeli airstrike on their car that drove 
New US air strike targets insurgent training base in Iraq US forces conducted on Saturday a new air strike at a suspect training base used by insurgents in Fallujah in central Iraq, the US military said in a statement.
Iraq Militants Claim to Behead Contractor (AP) AP - A militant group in Iraq claimed in an Internet statement posted Saturday that it abducted and beheaded an Iraqi construction contractor who worked on a U.S. military base. A video released with the statement showed a man being decapitated.
Israel Kills 9 Militants in Massive Gaza Offensive  GAZA (Reuters) - The Israeli army killed nine militants in  and around the Gaza Strip Saturday, raising the Palestinian  death toll to 47 in one of the biggest and bloodiest offensives  in four years of conflict.
Charges over Montenegro killing Montenegro prosecutors charge a former karate champion over the death of a newspaper editor.
Camera Phone Used To Catch A Thief Nashville police were able to catch a robber within minutes after a robbery victim used a camera cell phone to snap a mug shot of the criminal as well as the getaway vehicle.
Els maintains lead at American Express Championship Kilkenny, Ireland (Sports Network) - Ernie Els shot a four-under 68 on Saturday to maintain his two-shot lead through three rounds of the World Golf Championships - American Express Championship.
Notebook: Accuser says she kept telling Bryant  quot;no quot; Kobe Bryant #39;s accuser was adamant in an interview with detectives that the Los Angeles Lakers #39; guard used force during their sexual encounter 
44 killed, 118 wounded in wave of attacks in India #39;s troubled &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; GUWAHATI, India : Forty-four people were killed and 118 wounded in a spate of attacks in India #39;s remote northeast, police said, in one of the deadliest eruptions of violence in the revolt-racked region in years.
Bombings, Gun Attacks in India Kill 44 GAUHATI, India - In a shattering series of attacks, suspected separatists hit nine targets - a railroad station and eight markets - with bombs and gunfire across two states in northeastern India on Saturday, killing more than 40 people.    The violence was some of the deadliest to hit this ethnic patchwork region, where more than three dozen insurgent groups have been active - including one of Asia's longest running separatist conflicts, dating to shortly before India gained independence from Britain in 1947...
Jamal Lewis Deal Would Include Jail Time ATLANTA - Lawyers for Baltimore Ravens running back Jamal Lewis are negotiating a plea deal in his drug conspiracy case that would allow him to serve jail time in the offseason, a source close to the case told The Associated Press on Saturday.    Under a deal being discussed with federal prosecutors, the pro football player would serve four to six months - possibly split between jail and a halfway house - when the season concludes, said the source, who spoke on condition of anonymity...
President Of Delta #39;s Song Retires John Selvaggio, the president of Delta Air Lines #39; low-cost carrier, Song, has retired, effective immediately, for personal reasons, a Delta spokeswoman said on Friday.
Braves' Thomson, Chipper Jones Hurt (AP) AP - Atlanta Braves starter John Thomson and cleanup hitter Chipper Jones left Saturday's game against the Chicago Cubs with injuries, just days before the NL East champions begin the playoffs.
Forget Kashmir for now, let #39;s do business The icy wastelands of Siachen thawed a little last week. President Musharraf assured India that his forces would not seize Siachen if Indian troops vacated it.
'Don't Let Down Guard,' IMF Chief Warns (Reuters) Reuters - With no major economic crises\brewing, the head of the International Monetary Fund on\Saturday urged world financial leaders to seize the period of\calm as a time to tackle weak spots in their economies.
Conway or the highway What a shame that Larry Ellison and Craig Conway never got the chance to reunite for that highly anticipated exit interview. It would have been a blockbuster on pay-per-view.
RIAA Files 762 More File-Trading Lawsuits LOS ANGELES -- The music industry is continuing its campaign against people who illegally download music through file-sharing sites.
Third Of Americans Think Viruses Won #39;t Strike Them About one in three Americans think it #39;s more likely they #39;ll be audited by the IRS or win the lottery than fall victim to a virus or worm, the non-profit National Cyber Security Alliance (NCSA) said Friday as it released the results of a September survey.
Premier League match reports Champions Arsenal bounced back from a disappointing Champions League performance with a scintillating display at Highbury to extend their lead at the top to five points.
Massu, Volandri, Berdych reach quarter-finals of Palermo tennis &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Defending champion Nicolas Massu of Chile reached the quarter-finals at the Campionati Internazionali di Sicilia when Potito Starace quit with a stomach illness while trailing 4-1 Thursday.
Clijsters suffers wrist injury again Kim Clijsters #39;s comeback trail came to an agonising halt on Saturday when the former world number one had to retire with a left wrist injury in the semi-finals of the Belgian Open.
Ravens tailback likely to serve 2-6 months While the deal will not be announced until some time next week, Baltimore Ravens tailback Jamal Lewis has reached a tentative plea agreement that will allow him to avoid both 
Blasts, gun attacks claim 41 in Assam DIMAPUR / GUWAHATI: In a sudden outburst of violence in Northeast, 41 people were killed and about 140 injured in a series of blasts and firing by militants in Nagaland and neighbouring Assam on Sunday.
Shiite Mosque Bombed in Pakistan The last bloody exercise in the  quot;mosque-centered quot; Sunni-Shiite conflict in Pakistan occurred yesterday during Friday prayer.
Wash. Locals Keep Eye on Mount St. Helens (AP) AP - Glenn Johnson remembers running outside with canisters to catch some of the volcanic ash that began falling on Pullman after Mount St. Helens erupted in 1980. He wanted a souvenir.
Rampant Arsenal Stretches Lead, Everton Loses Champions Arsenal opened a five-point lead at the top of the Premier League after a 4-0 thrashing of Charlton Athletic at Highbury Saturday.
Volandri, Berdych reach Palermo final Filippo Volandri moved within a victory of giving Italy its first champion in 20 years at the Campionati Internazionali di Sicilia, beating unseeded Juan Monaco of Argentina 6-1, 6-4 in the semifinals Saturday.
Off 5th in 100 Oaks to close in January Saks Fifth Avenue Enterprises plans to close its Off 5th store in the 100 Oaks Mall in Nashville. The closure is one of three Off 5th locations the company is shuttering, along with eight of its Saks Fifth Avenue stores.
Can Do Private Space Companies Set Tone for Future Spaceflight On Monday, 47 years to the day after the Russians launched the worlds first satellite Sputnik, Mojave Aerospace, a private space company, will attempt to win the Ansari X Prize with their second launch in less than a week and demonstrate to the world 
Injury forces Clijsters to retire in Belgium Hasselt, Belgium (Sports Network) - Kim Clijsters retired in her semifinal match Saturday in the Gaz de France Stars tennis tournament with a wrist injury.
Eriksson open armed for Rio #39;s return Rio Ferdinand has been hailed as a potential England captain with Sven-Goran Eriksson tipping the Manchester United defender to follow in the footsteps of Bobby Moore.
No. 2 Oklahoma 28, Texas Tech 13 Jason White threw three touchdown passes to break Oklahoma #39;s career mark and Adrian Peterson added 146 rushing yards and a touchdown run Saturday, leading the No.
Hamas Gunmen Vow More Attacks on Israel JEBALIYA REFUGEE CAMP, Gaza Strip Oct. 2, 2004 - Israeli troops and aircraft hit hard at Palestinian militants Saturday, killing at least 10 on the third bloody day of a massive Israeli incursion into the 
Bombs in northeast India kill 35 GUWAHATI, India -- Two bomb blasts in northeastern India Saturday killed 35 people and wounded scores of others. One large explosion ripped through a train station in Dimapur, where most of the casualties occurred, police said.
US Forces Say Target Guerrillas Training in Iraq US forces launched a  quot;precision strike quot; Saturday on a building in the rebel-held Iraqi city of Falluja where 15 to 20 guerrillas were training for attacks, the American military said.
Bigley #39;s brother says police raided home The brother of a British hostage in Iraq says intelligence officers raided his Dutch home, copied data from his computer and forced him to make a five-page statement about his activities.
Pitcairn OAP on rape charge A 78-YEAR-OLD man has been accused of twice raping a woman more than 30 years ago, amid an alleged culture of sex attacks on the tiny island of Pitcairn.
Nigeria launches polio vaccination bid Nigeria #39;s president has kicked off a mammoth effort to immunise 80 million children against polio in 23 sub-Saharan African countries, described by international health experts as  quot;the single-largest public health campaign quot; in history to wipe out the 
Leaders Launch Drive to Curb Polio in Africa  KANO, Nigeria (Reuters) - Political leaders and health  workers launched a drive Saturday to immunise more than 80  million children against polio in 23 African nations and fight  back against a resurgence of the crippling disease.
Hamas Gunmen Vow More Attacks on Israel JEBALIYA REFUGEE CAMP, Gaza Strip - Israeli troops and aircraft hit hard at Palestinian militants Saturday, killing at least 10 on the third bloody day of a massive Israeli incursion into the Gaza Strip's largest refugee camp, as masked Hamas gunmen vowed more rocket attacks on Israeli towns.    About 2,000 soldiers have taken control of a 5-mile-deep chunk of northern Gaza to counter militants firing homemade rockets into Israel...
Nigerian President Launches Massive Polio Immunization Campaign Nigeria #39;s president has kicked off a massive effort to immunize 80 million children against polio in 23 African nations. President Olusegun Obsanajo led officials from across the region Saturday in giving 
Sipphone sues Vonage and Fry #39;s over new hardware You might know him best as the founder of MP3.com or the guy behind Lindows (or Linspire or whatever they #39;re calling it now), but Michael Robertson has another company up his sleeve called SIPphone.
Low-cost versions of Windows XP unveiled Microsoft is removing features and cutting prices in India for a special version of its Windows XP operating system to tap the large market potential 
Expos move presents a capital opportunity Now that the Montreal Expos have a new home -- Washington -- they need a new owner. Owned by the other 29 major-league franchises for the past three years, the Expos will be sold in the coming months.
White, Peterson Propel Oklahoma Over Texas Tech NORMAN, Okla. (Sports Network) - Jason White threw for three touchdowns and Adrian Peterson ran for 146 yards with a score, leading second-ranked Oklahoma to a 28-13 victory over Texas Tech at Memorial Stadium.
 #39;Iraqis to mediate Bigley #39;s release #39; London - An Iraqi militant group is expected to negotiate for the release of British hostage Kenneth Bigley, who was seized by Islamic fundamentalists in Baghdad two weeks ago, a Kuwaiti newspaper reported on Saturday.
Man, 78, on Pitcairn rape charges A 78-year-old man has been accused of twice raping a woman more than 30 years ago, amid an alleged culture of sex attacks on the tiny island of Pitcairn.
When the G7 Talks, Is Anyone Listening? (Reuters) Reuters - The tiny but elite club of Group of\Seven finance chiefs seems to have hit the limits of its\influence on the two top economic issues of the day -- oil\prices and the emerging powerhouse that is China.
Snow: Oil clouds global growth Treasury Secretary tells IMF that economic outlook is bright but  #39;cannot rest on our laurels. #39;. WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Treasury Secretary John Snow said Saturday the outlook for global economic growth is good 
SIPphone #39;s Suit Against Vonage Is Short on Merit Opinion: SIPphone #39;s one good point is that Vonage-only router/terminal adapters must say Vonage on the boxand Vonage seems to be hurrying to do that consistently.
Beasley goal helps PSV extend league lead United States international DaMarcus Beasley scored the breakaway goal Saturday as PSV Eindhoven brushed aside FC Groningen 3-0 to stretch its lead in the Dutch premiership.
N. Korea Rules Out One-on-One Talks with S. Korea North Korea says there will be no more bilateral talks with South Korea unless the South #39;s secret nuclear experiments are thoroughly investigated.
Turkish PM says Ankara #39;s EU drive to dominate Germany talks ANKARA, Oct 2 (AFP) - Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan said Saturday that his country #39;s drive to join the European Union will dominate his talks with German Chancellor Gerhard Schroeder during a brief visit to Berlin.
Ex-Air Force Buyer Gets 9-Months Prison The US Air Force #39;s former No. 2 weapons buyer was sentenced to nine months in prison on Friday after telling the court she had given Boeing Co.
Subsidy battle over Boeing and Airbus heats up Washington, Oct 2 (PTI) The United States and Europe are locked up in a battle over subsidies to aircraft manufacturers Boeing and Airbus, with America threatening to take up the matter with the WTO if Europeans do not stop subsidising Airbus.
Golf: Els Leads American Express Golf Championships World number three golfer Ernie Els of South Africa has a two-stroke lead over Denmark #39;s Thomas Bjorn after the third round of the American Express Golf Championships in Ireland.
Virginia Tech 19 (6) West Virginia 13 BLACKSBURG, Va. Virginia Tech turned West Virginia into title pretenders by beating the sixth-ranked Mountaineers 19-to-13. Mike Imoh had 115 rushing yards in his first career start.
Texas Tech hoping comeback unnecessary against No. 2 Sooners NORMAN, Okla. After rallying from 21 and 25 points down in back-to-back weeks, Texas Tech hopes to avoid a similar situation when they play Oklahoma tomorrow.
Williams to start Game 1 of playoffs Woody Williams has the fewest victories of any Cardinals starter. But he, and not Matt Morris, will get the honor of starting their playoff opener.
Dozens dead, many injured in spate of attacks in northeastern &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; A string of bombings and gun attacks on crowded markets, a railway station and other sites killed 44 people and left dozens wounded in two northeastern Indian states plagued by separatist groups, police said.
Bosnians hold local elections, expected to confirm strength of nationalists (AFP) AFP - Bosnians voted in their third post-war local elections, which are expected to confirm the dominance of the ruling Croat, Muslim and Serb nationalists.
Colourful protests against missile defence system staged across country (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - OTTAWA (CP) - Grannies raged in Montreal and clowns and jugglers marched on Parliament Hill on Saturday as part of what was billed as a national day of action against Canadian participation in the American missile defence system.
Brokaw, Jennings Show Support for Rather NEW YORK - While acknowledging mistakes in CBS anchor Dan Rather's "60 Minutes" report that questioned President Bush's service in the National Guard, competing news anchors Tom Brokaw and Peter Jennings offered support Saturday for the beleaguered newsman.    Brokaw blasted what he called an attempt to "demonize" CBS and Rather on the Internet, where complaints about the report first surfaced...
U.S. Raises Alert for Mount St. Helens SEATTLE - Government seismologists raised the alert level for Mount St. Helens on Saturday after its second steam eruption in two days was followed by a powerful tremor...
Bush Attacks Kerry on National Security COLUMBUS, Ohio - President Bush on Saturday ridiculed what he called the "Kerry doctrine" as a dangerous outsourcing of America's security, seeking to poke a hole in Sen. John Kerry's debate performance with what advisers see as his rival's biggest miscue...
US, Allies Far Apart on Debt Relief WASHINGTON Oct. 2, 2004 - The United States and its major economic allies struggled Saturday to resolve deep differences over how best to relieve the heavy debt burden for Iraq and the world #39;s poorest countries.
Inside the JPEG Virus The end of summer lull for viruses and worms continues. We #39;re still seeing new versions of RBots, and a new Bagle, but nothing with teeth.
Wenger praises  #39;special #39; Henry Arsenal boss Arsene Wenger heaped praise on striker Thierry Henry after the Frenchman #39;s double helped the champions to a 4-0 victory over Charlton Athletic on Saturday.
Injured again, Clijsters bails in Belgium Playing on home soil in her first tournament in more than four months, No. 2 Clijsters fell victim to a left wrist injury in her semifinal match against third-seeded Elena Bovina of Russiain the Gaz de France Stars tennis tournament.
Mountaineers approaching peak The sixth-ranked Mountaineers (4-0) are at Virginia Tech at noon today and are poised, with a victory against the Hokies and given the unimposing Big East schedule, to be 11-0 heading into a BCS bowl.
UPDATE 1-Wasteful Valencia held to 1-1 draw at Real Betis Champions Valencia had to settle for a 1-1 draw away to Real Betis on Saturday after missing three clear chances in the closing 15 minutes.
Braves 8, Braves 6 A season that started with such high hopes for the Cubs wound up with them being eliminated from playoff contention by their fifth straight loss, 8-6 to the Atlanta Braves on Saturday.
US Forces Attack Iraqi Insurgents in Fallujah, Samarra Another US air strike on the Iraqi rebel-held city of Fallujah has killed at least five people and wounded 11 others. American and Iraqi forces also are pressing ahead with an offensive in the city of Samarra 
Green Groups Praise Russian Decision to Ratify Kyoto Major international environmental groups have hailed the decision by the government of Russian President Vladimir Putin to endorse ratification of the 1997 Kyoto Protocol as a historic breakthrough in curbing global warming.
List of NHL Players in Europe Up to 185 (AP) AP - Five more locked-out NHL players agreed Saturday to play in Europe, bringing the total to 185.
Kim Clijsters' Wrist Stalls Comeback Bid (AP) AP - Former No. 1 Kim Clijsters' comeback from left wrist surgery stalled Saturday when she quit in pain while losing to Elena Bovina in the Gaz de France Stars semifinals.
Benson Leads Texas to 44-14 Win Over Baylor  AUSTIN, Texas (Sports Network) - Cedric Benson ran for 188  yards and three touchdowns to lead fifth-ranked Texas to a  44-14 win over Baylor in the Big 12 opener for both schools at  Royal-Texas Memorial Stadium.
Pro Tour Set for 2005 with or Without Tour De France  VERONA, Italy (Reuters) - Hein Verbruggen,  head of the  International cycling Union (UCI), has reaffirmed that the  sport's revolutionary Pro Tour will begin in 2005 as planned.
Bayern Into Third with 2-1 Win at Werder  BERLIN (Reuters) - Bayern Munich moved into third place in  the Bundesliga with a 2-1 victory at champions Werder Bremen in  Saturday's top game.
Phillies Reportedly Set to Fire Bowa Phillies Manager Larry Bowa will be fired at the end of the season and pitching coach Joe Kerrigan will resign, two newspapers reported Saturday.
Florida Hangs On Against Arkansas Chris Leak threw for a career-high 322 yards and three touchdowns, and No. 16 Florida held off another late rally to beat Arkansas.
Running Into Trouble In the first three games of this season, the Redskins have been unable to gain vital yards on the ground at the most crucial junctures, particularly in goal line situations.
Wasted Opportunities Dante Ross returned two kickoffs for touchdowns and Bucknell overcame six turnovers in a 35-19 victory over Georgetown on Saturday afternoon.
Els Eases Ahead Ernie Els posts a tidy round of 4-under 68, giving him a two-shot lead heading into the final round of the American Express Championship.
Lawyers Seeking Deal Lawyers for Ravens running back Jamal Lewis are negotiating a plea deal in his drug conspiracy case that would allow him to serve jail time in the offseason.
Venezuela Official: Economy to Rise in '04 (AP) AP - Venezuela's economy should grow by 12 percent in 2004 compared to a 9.2 percent decline last year, a central bank director said Saturday.
US, France Entrenched in Iraq Debt Battle  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Differences between France and the  United States over how much of Iraq's debt to cancel hardened  on Saturday as the two attended a meeting aimed at promoting  international harmony.
Vioxx Withdrawal Causes Concern About FDA (AP) AP - Americans should feel reasonably safe taking government-approved prescription drugs  #151; with a few caveats  #151; even after a popular arthritis medication was pulled from the market, medical experts say. But the problems with Vioxx raise questions about the Food and Drug Administration's safety review process and the length of time it took Merck to pull the drug, observers say.
Turnover tax kicks in October one was awaited by the market with some apprehension. This is the day that the controversial securities turnover tax was to kick in, as was the lower capital gain tax regime and there have been fears of the markets tanking.
Federer, Roddick reach semifinals at Thailand Open A local favorite and a former US Open champion stand between a highly anticipated showdown between Roger Federer and Andy Roddick at the Thailand Open.
Agali treble helps Nice fight back, beat Monaco Victor Agali scored three goals within seven minutes Saturday as Nice mounted an incredible comeback to beat French first division leader Monaco 4-3.
Dodgers can clinch division title Friday BRISTOL, Connecticut (Ticker) - The Los Angeles Dodgers are closing in on their first playoff berth in eight years. Beating the San Francisco Giants for the National League West title would make it that much sweeter.
PSV five points clear after easy 3-0 win over Groningen PSV Eindhoven enjoyed a comfortable 3-0 win over Groningen to increase their lead at the top of the Dutch first division on Saturday.
Italy split over hostages #39; views After three weeks of complete silence followed by death claims on two separate Arabic web sites, few in Italy dared hope the two abducted aid workers would resurface from their captivity unharmed and smiling.
Europe calls on Israel to maintain self control, AL describes &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The Palestinian Authority condemned the Israeli operations against the Palestinians and called on the international community to pressure Israel.
Consumer group sues Merck in Canada MONTREAL : A consumer group in Quebec has sued the pharmaceutical firm Merck in Canada, charging that it kept its pain and arthritis drug Vioxx on the market despite the risk of strokes and heart attacks.
American Beasley scores in PSV win Eindhoven, the Netherlands (Sports Network) - American winger DaMarcus Beasley scored his second Eredivisie goal during PSV Eindhoven #39;s 3-0 win over FC Groningen on Saturday.
Wild Nice win Monaco, France (Sports Network) - Nice had little working in its favor with the score 3-0 in favor of Monaco in the second half on Saturday night, and a derby loss seemed inevitable.
Ariel Sharon Calls for Expansion of Army #39;s Gaza Raid Prime Minister Ariel Sharon said Saturday that Israel should expand its massive raid of northern Gaza, the army #39;s biggest and deadliest offensive in more than four years of conflict with the Palestinians.
Arab League to hold emergency meeting The Arab League says it will hold an emergency session to discuss the violence in Gaza, which has claimed at least 56 Palestinians this week.
Ariel Sharon Calls for Expansion of Army's Gaza Raid (Reuters) Reuters - Prime Minister Ariel Sharon said\Saturday that Israel should expand its massive raid of northern\Gaza, the army's biggest and deadliest offensive in more than\four years of conflict with the Palestinians.
Iran Revises Constitution to Allow Privatisations (Reuters) Reuters - Iran Saturday overturned a key plank of the\constitution to allow large-scale privatizations in a bid to\overhaul the lumbering economy, over which many hard-line\parliamentarians have been trying to maintain state dominance.
IMF Policy-Makers Fail to Agree on Debt Relief (Reuters) Reuters - The International Monetary Fund's\top policy-making group failed on Saturday to close divisions\over debt relief for the world's poorest countries.
Ariel Sharon Calls for Expansion of Army's Gaza Raid  JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Prime Minister Ariel Sharon said  Saturday that Israel should expand its massive raid of northern  Gaza, the army's biggest and deadliest offensive in more than  four years of conflict with the Palestinians.
Amy Fisher Addresses Her Past in New Bio GARDEN CITY, N.Y. - Sitting in her editor's office at the Long Island newspaper where she writes a weekly column, Amy Fisher is not the cartoon character portrayed in tabloid headlines and made-for-TV movies more than a decade ago...
Sharon: Operation in Gaza Will Continue TEL AVIV, Israel - Israel's army will operate in the northern Gaza Strip until all Palestinian rocket fire against Israeli towns is halted, Prime Minister Ariel Sharon said late Saturday in an interview on Israel Radio.    Sharon spoke as his forces ended the fourth day of an invasion in which 50 Palestinians and five Israelis have been killed...
Peoplesoft Removes Craig Conway as CEO Oracle declined to comment on Conway #39;s removal by PeopleSoft. But in a statement, chairman Jeff Henley said:  quot;We are now looking forward to the trial in Delaware of our claims 
Bowa Fired As Phillies Manager (AP) AP - Larry Bowa was fired as manager of the Philadelphia Phillies on Saturday, a day before the end of yet another disappointing year.
Microsoft Extends SQL Server Intelligence Bookselling giant Barnes and Noble outlined plans to implement the SQL Server 2000 Business Intelligence offering.  quot;SQL Server 2000 will significantly reduce the time it takes our developers to aggregate data.
Registered Traveler extended indefinitely A pilot test of a program to expedite passenger screening and increase airline security has been successful enough to be worth continuing for the foreseeable future at five airports, Transportation Security Administration officials said.
Ichiro Ignites 6-Run Rally with Record-Breaking Hit Ichiro Suzuki broke George Sisler #39;s 84-year-old major league record for hits in a single season with a pair of early singles as the Seattle Mariners beat the Texas Rangers 8-3.
Els fires 64 to surge into lead at WGC-American Express Ernie Els finally looks to be over the disappointment of not winning any of this year #39;s major championships. The South African fired an 8-under-par 64 Friday 
Gunners cruise toward magical 50 ARSENAL ended a turbulent week on a high by sweeping Charlton aside to move to within two matches of a phenomenal 50-game unbeaten run in the English Premiership overnight.
October will be no fall festival for Illini football team The season started with a four-game homestand and mixed results for the Illinois football team. Phase II begins today for the Illini, who head into a rugged October schedule with a Big Ten Conference game at No.
Angels stun A #39;s, need one more to clinch In a way, he was the guy who started the whole mess, simply by setting foot on the field. Just following orders, Alfredo Amezaga innocently came on to pinch run Sept.
Tools Of The Trade: The Microsoft Windows 2003 Small Business &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Servers for small businesses are one of the fastest-growing areas of the IT market, according to market researcher IDC. Much of this is down to the Small Business Server (SBS) software 
Fast checks of regular fliers extended The test program that allows pre-screened travelers to zip through airport security is being extended. The Registered Traveler Program had been scheduled to run for 90 days at each of five big airports.
New leaflets bid to save hostage More than 100,000 leaflets, each containing a personal plea from the family of Iraq hostage Ken Bigley, have been distributed in Baghdad.
UPDATE 2-IMF policy-makers fail to agree on debt relief The International Monetary Fund #39;s top policy-making group on Saturday failed to close divisions over debt relief for the world #39;s poorest countries.
SpaceShipOne: One down, one to go Peter Diamandis founded the Ansari X-Prize in 1996. Named for the Ansari family of Dallas, Texas, and funded through private donations and corporate sponsorships, the X-Prize is a \$10 million purse aimed at jump-starting space tourism.
Canas thrash Novak SHANGHAI, Oct. 2. - Argentinean Guillermo Canas dominated opponent Jiri Novak of the Czech Republic to book his place in the final of the \$380,000 Shanghai Open tennis tournament.
Roy Halladay back in form to lead Blue Jays in 4-2 victory over &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; TORONTO (CP) - Roy Halladay was back in form Saturday afternoon, throwing eight innings of one-run ball in the Toronto Blue Jays #39; 4-2 victory over the New York Yankees.
McKeon to return for 2005 season Philadelphia, PA (Sports Network) - The Florida Marlins announced on Saturday they have re-signed manager Jack McKeon to a one-year contract through the 2005 season.
NCAA Game Summary - West Virginia at Virginia Tech Blacksburg, VA (Sports Network) - Vincent Fuller had a 74-yard blocked field goal return for a touchdown and sealed the win with an interception late in the game, lifting Virginia Tech to a 19-13 win over sixth-ranked West Virginia at Lane Stadium.
Bowa Fired in Philly A number of Philadelphia newspapers reported earlier in the day that the firing was imminent and would likely come at the end of the season, but general manager Ed Wade made it official early Saturday evening.
7 Iraqi Civilians Killed in US Air Strike on Falluja, 125 Iraqis &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; . US-led forces backed by warplanes tightened their grip on the Iraqi city of Samarra Saturday, saying they had killed 125  quot;rebels quot; while Iraqi witnesses say they 
Pitcairn trial hears a litany of child sex abuse She was a young Pitcairner, a teenage girl tending watermelons in an isolated spot on the island where she grew up. Len Brown was old enough to be her father.
Many Bosnians stay away from elections Disillusioned by officials #39; failure to improve Bosnia #39;s economy, many voters said they were staying away from the polls in Saturday #39;s vote to choose municipal leaders.
Stay in Italy, Simona, both of you Simona Torretta and Simona Pari, the two Italian aid workers who were welcomed by cheering crowds in Rome last week after being released by their Iraqi kidnappers, have announced their intention of returning to Iraq.
Tensions grip Haitian capital as Aristide loyalists call third day &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; PORT-AU-PRINCE, Haiti - Streets were blocked with overturned cars and debris in the Haitian capital Saturday while followers of ousted President Jean-Bertrand Aristide called for a third day of demonstrations to demand his return.
Suzuki gets a place in Hits-tory FOR Ichiro Suzuki, it was the most emotional moment of his life. For Japan, it was a day of national celebration. The outfielder set a Major League record for most hits in a season on Friday, breaking an 84 
(15) Purdue 41 Notre Dame 16 Kyle Orton ended the 30-year drought by throwing for 385 yards and four touchdowns, leading the 15th-ranked Boilermakers over the Irish 41-to-16.
No. 19 Michigan Defeats Indiana 35-14 (AP) AP - Michigan's Chad Henne needed one half to warm up Saturday. Then he spent the third quarter picking apart Indiana's defense.
Brock Berlin Guides Miami (Fla.) Past Georgia Tech  ATLANTA (Sports Network) - Brock Berlin threw a career-high  three touchdown passes to lead No. 4 Miami-Florida to an easy  27-3 win over Georgia Tech in ACC action at Bobby Dodd Stadium.
Bowa Out as Phillies Manager Larry Bowa was fired as manager of the Philadelphia Phillies on Saturday, a day before the end of yet another disappointing year.
Funny Cide Wins Cup Funny Cide storms into the lead down the stretch and pulls away for a sweet victory in the rain in the \$1 million Jockey Club Gold Cup at Belmont Park on Saturday.
New poll puts Kerry ahead as Bush pounds him on foreign policy (AFP) AFP - Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry, buoyed by a strong showing in his televised debate with George W. Bush, has recaptured a small lead in their White House race, a Newsweek poll showed.
Sharon Calls for Expansion of Israel's Gaza Offensive  JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Prime Minister Ariel Sharon said  Israel should expand its massive raid of northern Gaza, one of  the army's deadliest offensives in more than four years of  conflict with the Palestinians.
Israelis secure Gaza buffer zone Israeli troops seize a nine-kilometre area in Gaza to try to stop Palestinian rocket attacks inside Israeli towns.
Prosecutors Set to Wrap Up Peterson Case REDWOOD CITY, Calif. - As they prepare to wrap up their murder case against Scott Peterson in the death of his pregnant wife Laci, even prosecutors have acknowledged their case has at times left jurors scratching their heads...
Collapse complete: Cubs out of playoff hunt Chicago, IL (Sports Network) - A two-run triple by JD Drew keyed a three-run rally in the top of the eighth inning as the Atlanta Braves eliminated the Chicago Cubs from playoff contention with an 8-6 comeback victory at Wrigley Field.
American League Game Summary - Cleveland At Minnesota Minneapolis, MN -- Saturday #39;s matchup between the Cleveland Indians and Minnesota Twins at the Metrodome was suspended after 11 innings with the game tied at 5-5 so that the stadium could be converted for a college football contest later in the day.
More than 45 dead in Gaza battles Israeli soldiers killed nine Palestinian gunmen yesterday as tanks, troops and armoured vehicles continued with the biggest reoccupation in the Gaza strip since the Palestinian uprising began almost exactly four years ago.
Captors  #39;negotiate #39; Bigley release NEGOTIATIONS for the release of Iraq hostage Kenneth Bigley are to begin between his captors and militants acting as intermediaries, it was claimed last night.
raiding the  #39;cookie jar Just how deep is the rot at one of America #39;s bedrock corporations, Fannie Mae? The picture should be a little clearer after Frank Raines, its chairman and chief executive, testifies before Congress on Wednesday.
New Company Launches Google Challenge Google Inc. has made its name on advanced-search technology, but a company that launched Thursday with what could prove to be a better idea is poised to be a potential headache for Google as it battles against Yahoo Inc.
Els stays clear in Ireland Ernie Els stayed on track for a maiden World Golf Championships title with a 4-under-par 68 in the third round in Ireland on Saturday.
Brock Berlin Guides Miami (Fla.) Past Georgia Tech ATLANTA (Sports Network) - Brock Berlin threw a career-high three touchdown passes to lead No. 4 Miami-Florida to an easy 27-3 win over Georgia Tech in ACC action at Bobby Dodd Stadium.
F1 supremo Ecclestone abandons all hope for British Grand Prix LONDON: Formula One supremo Bernie Ecclestone insisted on Friday that the British Grand Prix has no chance whatsoever of making it back on to the 2005 calendar.
Take it as red, I #39;ll be a dragon against Utd pals WE HAVE to make sure that this afternoons match at home to Middlesbrough is not an example of after the Lord Mayors show, because everyone has been on such a high since our fantastic 6-2 Champions League win over Fenerbahce.
Top 25 Capsules Kyle Orton found a way to win at Notre Dame, ending a 30-year drought for Purdue. Orton threw four touchdown passes, including a 97-yarder to Taylor Stubblefield, and Jerome Brooks returned a kickoff 100 yards 
How ties will be broken at season #39;s end What happens if the Dodgers, Giants and Astros all finish the season with the same record, leaving the NL West and the NL Wild Card winners undecided?
Kenya rape case body exhumed Forensic science experts in Kenya have exhumed the body of a pregnant teenage girl who allegedly died after being raped by British troops in a remote area of the country nine years ago.
Resignation will ease the pain of Merck investors WHAT a pill Vioxx turned out to be for Merck. Between 50 cents and 60 cents a share were lopped off expected earnings this year after the US pharmaceutical giant gave up defending its painkiller in public 
Fed Express runs down Paradorn Roger Federer will bid for his 10th title of the season later today (Sunday) when he faces big-serving rival Andy Roddick in the final of the Thailand Open in Bangkok.
Three tied for lead at Southern Farm Bureau Classic John Senden carded a pair of eagles, Harrison Frazar shot a 31 on the front nine and Glen Day recorded seven birdies to finish Thursday #39;s first round of the 
U.S. Warns of Big Mount St. Helens Blast (AP) AP - Government scientists raised the alert level Saturday for Mount St. Helens after its second steam eruption in two days was followed by a powerful tremor. They said the next eruption was imminent or in progress, and could threaten life and property in the remote area near the volcano.
Judge OKs Senate Vacancy Measure Wording (AP) AP - A judge has accepted two of three drafts of a ballot initiative summary that would change how U.S. Senate vacancies are filled in Alaska, supporters of the measure said Saturday
Dodgers Beat Giants 7-3, Win NL West LOS ANGELES - Steve Finley's grand slam capped a seven-run rally in the bottom of the ninth inning and the Los Angeles Dodgers won the NL West, beating the San Francisco Giants 7-3 Saturday.    The Dodgers reached the postseason for the first time since making it as wild card in 1996...
Notes: Brower comes up big Once drifting in and out of the Giants #39; bullpen like San Francisco #39;s morning fog, reliever Jim Brower has settled into one of the bullpen #39;s key roles -- setup -- displaying 
Sports Round-up Roger Federer attempts a record-equalling 12th consecutive title today as the undisputed world No 1 clashes with his closest rival, Andy Roddick, in the final of the Thailand Open in Bangkok.
Oregon St. Beavers CORVALLIS, Oregon (Ticker) -- Chase Lyman, JJ Arrington and No. 10 California looked refreshed after having three weeks off. Lyman caught three first-quarter touchdowns and Arrington rushed for 110 yards and 
Malone is "retirement bound" but hasn't ruled out return: agent (AFP) AFP - Karl Malone is  quot;retirement bound quot; but he has left the door ajar for a return to the National Basketball Association once his injuries heal, player agent Dwight Manley said.
Bowa Fired As Phillies Manager (AP) AP - Larry Bowa's fiery personality was a perfect fit as a player on Philadelphia's 1980 championship team. It was too much for the Phillies he managed, though, and it was one reason he was fired Saturday, a day before the end of yet another disappointing season.
Greene Lifts Georgia to 45-16 Rout of LSU  ATHENS, Ga. (Sports Network) - David Greene threw a  school-record five touchdown passes to lift the No. 3 Georgia  Bulldogs to a 45-16 rout of the 13th-ranked LSU Tigers in a  Southeastern Conference matchup at Sanford Stadium.
Delgado Looks Ready to Fly Blue Jays Nest  TORONTO (Reuters) - The Toronto Blue Jays beat the New York  Yankees 4-2 on Saturday but are losing money, losing fans and  at the conclusion of the Major League season on Sunday could be  losing first baseman Carlos Delgado.
Brown States His Case, but Yanks Lose Again Kevin Brown made a compelling case for a postseason start on Saturday, allowing one hit and an unearned run over five innings.
Purdue Showcases Its Many Strengths While Overpowering Notre Dame By beating Notre Dame in South Bend for the first time since 1974, Purdue legitimized itself as one of the nation's top teams.
Robert Mondavi lays off 360 Napa Valley workers OAKVILLE, Calif. Robert Mondavi has laid off 360 Napa Valley workers, mostly at its flagship winery here. The maker of Woodbridge and Opus One wines announced September 14th that the company will sell off its Napa Valley vineyards.
Dodgers 7, Giants 3 Steve Finley #39;s grand slam capped a seven-run rally in the bottom of the ninth inning and Los Angeles won the NL West, beating the San Francisco Giants 7-3 Saturday.
Purdue Showcases Its Many Strengths While Overpowering Notre Dame Purdue receiver Taylor Stubblefield began pumping his fist in celebration 40 yards before he reached the end zone. Notre Dame cornerback Dwight Ellick fell to the ground 
Report: Feds Ordered Salmon Study Rewrite (AP) AP - Federal biologists evaluating the effects of shifting millions of gallons of water to Southern California from rivers in the north were ordered by their superiors to revise a conclusion that the plan would hurt endangered salmon, a newspaper reported Saturday.
A Seismic Shift Under the House of Fannie Mae Unlike the problems in recent financial scandals, issues raised by Fannie Mae's regulators pertain to unwieldy accounting rules that are open to widely divergent interpretations.
When Big Law Firms Trip Over Their Own Clients Weil, Gotshal   Manges is embroiled in two lawsuits by former clients who contend that the firm breached its duty to provide them with its undivided loyalty.
Artworks Rushed to Auctions as Houses Expect Heated Sales Collectors have consigned hundreds of millions of dollars' worth of art for the November sales in New York.
Atlantic City Casinos and Patrons Cope on 2nd Day of Strike With most hotel and restaurant workers on strike, casinos have either filled the vacancies with management or nonunion workers or curtailed services.
Why I dumped Internet Explorer After months waiting for Microsoft to give me a reason to remain loyal, I finally dumped Internet Explorer for the Firefox Web browser last week.
Nationalists ahead in Bosnia #39;s local elections SARAJEVO : Bosnia #39;s ruling Croat, Muslim and Serb nationalists, who led the Balkans country throughout its 1992-95 inter-ethnic war, confirmed their dominance in local elections over the weekend, first partial results showed.
360 local employees pink-slipped by Mondavi Robert Mondavi Corporation has laid off 360 Napa Valley employees, about a third of the company #39;s total workforce. Most of the layoffs are centered at the company #39;s flagship winery in Oakville 
Before Applying, Check Out the Blogs Both employers and prospective employees are finding that blogging can be useful in the job search process.
Tinker With Your Computer, and Reap the Rewards While Microsoft and Google dominate many computer activities like search and Internet browsing, programs and utilities from smaller companies offer worthy alternatives.
Israeli Rockets Kill Two in Gaza Strip Camp (Reuters) Reuters - Israeli rockets killed two gunmen in the\Gaza Strip's biggest refugee camp Sunday, taking the death toll\to 49 on the fourth day of a massive offensive to stop rocket\firing into Israel, witnesses said.
Fujimori Accounts Hold Millions of Dollars -- Peru (Reuters) Reuters - Former Peruvian President Alberto\Fujimori's bank accounts contain millions of dollars, much more\than he could earn and potential proof that he stole large sums\of state money during his 10-year rule, a Supreme Court judge\said on Saturday.
Bush Aides Gave One-Sided View of Iraqi Data -- NYT (Reuters) Reuters - Bush administration officials, in\the lead-up to the invasion of Iraq, gave a one-sided view of\the case for believing Saddam Hussein had a nuclear arms\program that ignored the doubts of their own experts, the New\York Times said on Saturday.
Nationalists Strong Early in Bosnia Poll Count  SARAJEVO (Reuters) - Bosnia's main Muslim, Serb and Croat  nationalist parties led Sunday in an early count for local  polls, but voter turnout fell below 50 percent for the first  time.
Abkhazia holds first genuine poll Georgia's breakaway Abkhazia region holds its first ever multi-candidate elections, in a vote for president.
Dodgers Win West as Giants Collapse in 9th Steve Finley smashed a grand slam with two outs in the ninth inning, capping a seven-run inning that clinched Los Angeles' first division title since 1995.
Microsoft #39;s internet browser gets caught in its own web Here #39;s an interesting question: why is Microsoft #39;s Internet Explorer (IE) so bad? Not only is it outdated and tired compared with the competition, it is also exceedingly vulnerable to attack.
Israeli Rockets Kill Two in Gaza Strip Camp Israeli rockets killed two gunmen in the Gaza Strip #39;s biggest refugee camp Sunday, taking the death toll to 49 on the fourth day of a massive offensive to stop rocket firing into Israel, witnesses said.
Williams to Start Game 1 of Playoffs (AP) AP - Woody Williams has the fewest victories of any Cardinals starter. But he, and not Matt Morris, will get the honor of starting their playoff opener.
Angels Snatch Title as A's Fall Apart Anaheim scored three runs in the eighth inning off Oakland relievers to rally for a victory and clinch the American League West title.
Too Good to Be True Baseball's back in Washington. So with that award comes an acceptance letter to highlight those efforts that made this dream come to fruition.
Dodgers Stun Giants Steve Finley's grand slam caps a seven-run rally in the bottom of the ninth inning as Los Angeles wins the NL West, beating the San Francisco Giants, 7-3.
Nigerian oil platforms still occupied in jobs row Multinational oil companies began talks with hundreds of Nigerian villagers occupying three oil platforms on Monday in a dispute over jobs which shut 90,000 barrels per day of oil production.
Bonds Boggles Minds The debate is not whether Barry Bonds deserves his seventh MVP award. Give it to him now. The discussion is now whether he's the greatest player ever.
Proceed With Caution For the 10 drivers competing in NASCAR's new 10-race playoff, there will be one key goal Sunday in Talladega: staying out of trouble.
Purdue's Orton Shines Kyle Orton throws four touchdowns, including a 97 yarder to Taylor Stubblefield, to lead the No. 15 Purdue Boilermakers to a 41-16 victory over Notre Dame.
Funk leads Southern Farm by one Madison, MS (Sports Network) - Fred Funk fashioned an eight-under 64 on Saturday to grab a one-stroke lead through three rounds of the Southern Farm Bureau Classic.
ACLU offers legal aid in interviews by FBI The state chapter of the American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU) in Seattle is offering free legal help to anyone facing FBI questioning.
Rooney #39;s ready for Wales - Eriksson LONDON: England manager Sven-Goran Eriksson is counting on teenager Wayne Rooney to strike fear into Wales when they meet in next weekend #39;s World Cup qualifier.
CANAS CRUISES INTO FINAL Guillermo Canas on Saturday cruised past the only other seeded player remaining in the Heineken Open draw when he routed Jiri Novak to reach the final.
Orton-Stubblefield connection lifts Purdue Purdue offensive coordinator Jim Chaney doesn #39;t care to coach football as an 11-on-11 sport. He wants the game boiled down to his guy against the other guy.
Dodgers miss chance to clinch division title BRISTOL, Connecticut (Ticker) - In search of their first playoff berth in eight years, the Los Angeles Dodgers squandered a golden opportunity to secure it at the hands of their bitter rivals.
No relief, no playoffs for A #39;s 5-4 loss to Anaheim ends postseason &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Barry Zito did all he could to keep Oakland #39;s hopes alive on Saturday, but in a rehash of the team #39;s early-season bullpen problems, the A #39;s relievers could not hold on to a lead, and this time, it cost them everything.
Sports: Braves 8 Cubs 6 The Atlanta Braves rallied from a four-run deficit and handed the Cubs their fifth consecutive loss 8-to-6, knocking Chicago out of the wild-card race.
Club should have pulled trigger earlier Larry Bowa wasn #39;t going to be the manager of the Phillies next year. He wasn #39;t even going to be the manager of the Phillies next week.
VA Improves Health Benefits for Ex-POWs (AP) AP - All former U.S. prisoners of war who suffer from heart disease or stroke will receive government health care benefits without having to prove the ailments were linked to their captivity, Veterans Affairs Secretary Anthony Principi said Saturday night.
Some Scientists Look to Fat for Stem Cells (AP) AP - Dr. Robert Ersek, a 66-year-old plastic surgeon, invited reporters to his Texas operating room recently and, in front of their cameras, proceeded to liposuction himself. After numbing the skin near his navel, he slipped in a hollow tube about a quarter-inch wide and moved it back and forth until it had sucked out about half a pound of fat. Ersek's office throws away tons of liposuctioned fat every year. But he shipped his own to a California company for processing and long-term storage of some of the cells from that fat.
Astros beat Rockies, secure wild card tie  If the Astros finish in a two-way for the wild-card lead with the San Francisco Giants, they would play a one-game playoff at 3:05 pm Monday at San Francisco.
A Giant collapse Crushing loss to LA in ninth inning dims playoff &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Los Angeles - -- JT Snow never turned to see Steve Finley #39;s grand slam land softly in the right-field pavilion. He just lowered his head and jogged off the field.
Discovery Keeps Human Origin Debate Alive (AP) AP - For decades, Federico Solorzano has gathered old bones from the shores of Mexico's largest lake  #151; bones he found and bones he was brought, bones of beasts and bones of men.
Confident Els keen for win South African Ernie Els is poised to turn around a disappointing season and win his first World Golf Championship title after he shot a third round four-under 68 at Mount Juliet.
Orton #39;s Heisman bandwagon is getting rather crowded That was the message Saturday, from a quarterback shootout when two teams gained 873 yards through the air, and 175 on the ground.
Blue Jays rally as right-hander is strong for five frames Kevin Brown gave manager Joe Torre exactly what he was looking for, even if the skipper had to see it on television. Brown may not have been efficient, but he 
Phils fire Bowa PHILADELPHIA - Larry Bowa took the job as Phillies manager facing rows of cameras and scores of reporters. He said goodbye to the job Saturday with a quiet, lonesome walk in the bowels of Citizens Bank Park to his car.
Hokie notebook Much has been made of Virginia Techs extensive deployment of freshman wide receivers. It might be time to make much of another freshman.
James Walston: I respond. You negotiate. He gives in to terrorism  quot;Qui lo dico, qui lo nego quot; is an Italian maxim much repeated and much used; it means  quot;I #39;m telling you and I #39;m denying it at the same time quot;.
Money: Pension Tension Oct. 11 issue - IBM retirees will get their cash, but what #39;s it to you? It #39;s too soon to tell. Last week IBM agreed to pay \$300 million to settle old pension claims, and agreed to pay \$1.
Halladay returns to form CBC SPORTS ONLINE - Roy Halladay was determined to end a difficult season on a high note. The Toronto Blue Jays #39; ace was back in his Cy Young form, throwing eight innings of one-run ball in a 4-2 victory over the New York Yankees on Saturday afternoon.
Dogs get revenge, dismantle LSU Athens -- In one incredibly thorough dismantling of LSU Saturday before a raucously red crowd at Sanford Stadium, Georgia exacted revenge on the team that beat it twice last season, validating its ranking as one of the nation #39;s best teams.
The View From 217 - Virginia Tech Edition Riding a ten-game regular season winning streak, ranked 6th nationally by the Associated Press, and coming off a lackluster performance against 1-AA James Madison, the Mountaineers showed they have a long way to go to even be a decent football team, much 
Italian hostage group barters for Bigleys release The militant Iraqi group which last week released two Italian hostages is bartering with the terrorists holding British hostage Ken Bigley in order to release him for a ransom.
Child rape trial begins on tiny Pitcairn Island A sexual abuse trial garnering international attention began on tiny Pitcairn Island, one of the most isolated places in the world.
'Halt science decline in schools' Britain will run out of leading scientists unless science education is improved, says Professor Colin Pillinger.
Cubs fell apart at wrong time His postseason fate now formally sealed, Moises Alou #39;s eyes filled any gaps his words left behind. The disappointment, the confusion, the shock.
Promise and Peril of Vioxx Cast Harsher Light on New Drugs The abrupt withdrawal last week of the best-selling painkiller Vioxx is an event rich in ironies and lessons that may ultimately lead to a rethinking of the way drug safety is evaluated in the United States.
Enter your e-mail: Today, I got an e-mail from Amazon informing me that there was a problem with my account, and I wouldn #39;t be allowed to order any more products until I #39;d clicked on a link to update my information.
MotoGP: Qatar Grand Prix Quote Machine by staff. Carlos Checa (Gauloises Fortuna Yamaha) was forced to retire from third position with only two laps remaining of today #39;s inaugural Qatar Grand Prix.
Manager Bowa Is Fired by Phillies They failed to reach the playoffs for the 11th straight season after coming in as favorites to win the NL East. They were 85-75 when Bowa was dismissed before last night #39;s game against Florida.
Angels clinch AL West title with win over Oakland Oakland, CA (Sports Network) - Garret Anderson delivered an RBI single for the lead during a three-run eighth inning, and Anaheim clinched its first division title in 18 years with a 5-4 victory over Oakland at the Coliseum.
Right Whales Could Be Making a Comeback (AP) AP - North Pacific right whales may not be going extinct after all. Scientists have found twice as many right whales in the Bering Sea as previously spotted, giving them hope the rare whales are making a comeback.
Britain to host Mideast peace summit The British Daily Telegraph newspaper reported on Monday that Britain would host an international peace conference on the Middle East in London early next year after winning an agreement from the United States.
Gaza Gunmen Killed as Sharon Vows to Pursue Raid (Reuters) Reuters - Israeli troops shot dead two Gaza Strip\militants Sunday hours after Prime Minister Ariel Sharon vowed\to expand a huge offensive that has killed at least 49\Palestinians in an attempt to stop rocket fire.
U.S.-Led Forces Widen Control in Rebel Iraqi City (Reuters) Reuters - U.S.-led forces backed by\warplanes tightened their grip on the rebel stronghold of\Samarra Saturday, saying they had killed 125 rebels in one of\the largest offensives since the fall of Saddam Hussein.
Bosnian local elections confirm strength of nationalists (AFP) AFP - Bosnians were reluctant voters in their third post-war local elections this weekend, with the ruling Croat, Muslim and Serb nationalists benefiting from the lower turnout, early results indicated.
U.S. Commander Claims Success in Samarra (AP) AP - Afraid to stray from home, residents buried the dead in their gardens Saturday as U.S. and Iraqi forces battled pockets of resistance in this former insurgent stronghold, where the American military said 125 rebels were killed and 88 captured in two days of fierce fighting. The American commander declared the operation a successful first step in a major push to wrest key areas from insurgent control before January elections.
Israeli Forces Kill 11 in Gaza Camp Raid JEBALIYA REFUGEE CAMP, Gaza Strip - Israeli troops and aircraft hit hard at Palestinian militants this weekend, killing at least 11 in a massive Israeli incursion into the Gaza Strip's largest refugee camp, as masked Hamas gunmen vowed more rocket attacks on Israeli towns.    About 2,000 soldiers have taken control of a 5-mile-deep chunk of northern Gaza to counter militants firing homemade rockets into Israel...
Dodgers Stun Giants 7-3, Capture NL West LOS ANGELES - Steve Finley's grand slam capped a seven-run rally in the bottom of the ninth inning and the Los Angeles Dodgers won the NL West, beating the San Francisco Giants 7-3 Saturday.    The Dodgers reached the postseason for the first time since making it as the wild card in 1996...
IBM settles pension suits IBM Corp. and plaintiffs challenging the legality of its pension plan agreed to a deal Wednesday that settles most claims and caps the company #39;s potential liability at \$1.
Angels Top A's 5-4, Clinch AL West Title (AP) AP - The Anaheim Angels capped a stirring comeback with one final rally, and now they're champions of the AL West for the first time in 18 years.
First commercial spacecraft set for bid to clinch big prize LOS ANGELES : A private US spaceship is set to blast off for the second time in five days on Monday in the final stage of an attempt to clinch a US\$10 million prize aimed at launching a new era of space tourism.
Dodgers take NL West with win over Giants The Dodgers have spent many recent Octobers watching postseason baseball on television. Steve Finley #39;s grand slam capped a seven-run rally in the bottom of 
MORE ARRESTS IN CHILD PORN CRACKDOWN The Australian Federal Police commissioner, Mick Keelty, says more than 500 Australians could be implicated in a child Internet porn network.
Dodgers Win West With a Late Grand Slam Steve Finley smashed a grand slam with two outs in the ninth inning, capping a seven-run inning that clinched Los Angeles' first division title since 1995.
Adu Propels United Freddy Adu scores on a deflected shot early in the first half, leading D.C. United to a 1-0 victory over the MetroStars on Saturday night.
China to seek end of arms embargo at Sino-EU summit BEIJING (AFP) - Prime Minister Wen Jiabao will urge the European Union to lift a 15-year-old arms embargo and call on the continent to view China as a full market economy during an EU-China summit beginning Wednesday in the Hague.
US, economic allies disagree on debt relief for poorest countries The United States and its major economic allies struggled yesterday to resolve deep differences over how best to relieve the heavy debt burden for Iraq and the world #39;s poorest countries.
US factory, construction data show solid growth NEW YORK: US factory growth stayed strong in September, while construction spending in the prior month hit a record high for a seventh month in a row, showing the economys expansion remains solid.
Uruguay bans sales of medicine containing rofecoxib The Uruguayan government has decided to ban the sales of medicine containing rofecoxib, which is used against arthritis and severe pain, local media reported Saturday.
New challenges for Lukoil chief Vagit Alekperov, the chief executive of Lukoil, is at ease talking about finding fossil fuels.  quot;I am an expert in the area of oil and gas production, quot; he said in an interview at a New York hotel,  quot;There #39;s nothing else that I know how to do.
Rocketing And Rolling You can #39;t say that Burt Rutan and the space pioneers at Mojave, Calif.-based Scaled Composites don #39;t know how to put on a good show.
Els stays atop leader board THOMASTOWN, Ireland - Ernie Els is finding a quick cure for his season of major disappointment. Instead of sulking over his four close calls in the majors, Els put himself on the verge of his first World Golf 
Bayern Turns Up Heat with Win in Bremen It wasn #39;t pretty but Bayern Munich claimed a victory over arch rivals Werder Bremen on Saturday, moving up to third in the league with a 2-1 win.
Bulldogs Win Battle Of The Bone 28-21 Over Fresno State Junior running back Ryan Moats ran for 236 yards and four touchdowns to lead the Louisiana Tech University Bulldogs past the No. 17 Fresno State University Bulldogs in a thrilling 28-21 upset at Joe Aillet Stadium on Saturday night.
Federer destroys the dreams of Asia #39;s hero Federer, who has not lost a final in well over a year, stands a step away from a 10th trophy this season; he awaits a winner from another star-studded semi-final: Andy Roddick versus Marat Safin.
Great day for SoCal baseball Forty-six years of Major League Baseball in sunny Southern California came down to one magical afternoon Saturday as the Dodgers and Angels clinched their respective 
Minnesota Golden Gophers MINNEAPOLIS (Ticker) -- The 1-2 punch of Laurence Maroney and Marion Barber III was too much for Penn State. Maroney and Barber each scored a rushing touchdown and combined for over 230 yards as No.
SI.com TORONTO (Ticker) -- A day after clinching their seventh straight division crown, the New York Yankees had cause for concern. Toronto Blue Jays rookie David Bush outdueled ailing veteran Orlando Hernandez in 
Sharon rejects Hamas ceasefire offer Jerusalem: Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon has rejected a Hamas ceasfire offer asserting that the army will continue operations in Gaza to insure the safety of Israeli citizens even as five Palestinians, including a Hamas militant, were killed in two 
Blair fine after heart operation : World News  gt; London, Oct 01 : British Prime Minister Tony Blair today underwent a non-surgical operation to correct a heart flutter and is  quot;doing ok quot;.
As Darfur Waits LIKE A RESCUE squad that hears of an accident but then stops by a 7-Eleven for coffee, the world is ambling toward Darfur, the western Sudanese province where genocide is underway.
Clijsters reinjures wrist Former No. 1 Kim Clijsters #39; comeback from left wrist surgery stalled Saturday when she quit in pain while losing to Elena Bovina in the Gaz de France Stars semifinals.
Canas in finals of the Shanghai Open Guillermo Canas booked his third finals appearance of the season with a 6-1, 6-2 victory yesterday over a faltering Jiri Novak at the Shanghai Open.
Phils dismiss Bowa PHILADELPHIA - Larry Bowa #39;s fiery personality was a perfect fit as a player on Philadelphia #39;s 1980 championship team. It was too much for the Phillies he managed, though, and it was one reason he was fired 
Mussina leads playoff rotation Mel Stottlemyre revealed some of the Yankees #39; postseason pitching plans on Saturday afternoon, but Kevin Brown #39;s performance and the health of Orlando Hernandez are clouding 
Hawaii's Chang Second on NCAA Pass List (AP) AP - Hawaii's Timmy Chang moved into second place on the NCAA career passing yardage list Saturday night.
If Town Clears Out, It Must Be Squirrel Season In Evangeline Parish, La., squirrel season's opening celebrates and preserves a distinct Cajun custom.
US shrugs off report of ransom The Bush administration yesterday gave Italy the benefit of the doubt amid reports that Rome had paid a terrorist group in Iraq a \$1 million ransom to secure the release of two Italian hostages.
Senate chairman arrested in Haiti Police arrest the president of Haiti's senate and two other supporters of former president Bertrand Aristide.
How the White House Embraced Disputed Arms Intelligence The White House embraced the theory that aluminum tubes bound for Iraq were for nuclear centrifuges despite contrary views from America's leading nuclear scientists.
A Seismic Shift Under the House of Fannie Mae Unlike recent financial scandals, issues raised by Fannie Mae's regulators pertain to unwieldy accounting rules that are open to widely divergent interpretations.
Tinker With Your Computer, and Reap the Rewards While Microsoft and Google dominate Internet browsing and search, smaller companies offer worthy alternatives.
Federer, Roddick Clash Again at ATP Bangkok World No. 1 Roger Federer and No. 2 Andy Roddick showed why they are a level above the rest of the players on the ATP on Saturday, both gutting out three-set wins at the ATP stop in Bangkok to set up a renewal of their rivalry for the Sunday final.
Gophers rumble past PSU Late last night in their game against Minnesota, the Penn State Nittany Lions needed to make a comeback. More appropriately, they needed their offense.
Sharapova Faces Unseeded Domachowska in WTA Seoul Final Top-seeded Maria Sharapova pounded unseeded Anne  quot;Kosmo quot; Kremer of Luxembourg 6-0, 6-2 Saturday to advance to the final at the WTA stop at Seoul.
Singer: Underachieving costs Bowa Expectations come with a noose. In a sport where the need to live one day at a time is always reinforced, not living up to long-range projections often tightens that noose.
US says Taliban plans foiled Afghan intelligence agents backed by international peacekeeping troops have arrested 60 people, with  quot;reported ties quot; to the Taliban, according to a spokesman for the peacekeepers .
Debt Relief Plan Eludes IMF Group Rich nations failed to agree at meetings this weekend on a plan for canceling the debts the world #39;s poorest countries owe to the World Bank and International Monetary Fund.
Top Fannie Mae Execs to Face Congress WASHINGTON Sept. 30, 2004 - Top executives of Fannie Mae are being called before Congress to explain an accounting lapse as lawmakers delve into operations of the mortgage giant that is already under investigation by federal regulators.
Bayern gets redemption Bremen, Germany (Sports Network) - Bayern Munich exacted some revenge Saturday afternoon with a 2-1 win over defending Bundesliga champions Werder Bremen.
Shiite Muslims continue to riot in protest of bombing at mosque Thousands of minority Shiite Muslims rampaged through this eastern Pakistan city for the second straight day yesterday, burning a police station and the mayor #39;s office after a mass funeral for 31 people killed by a suicide bombing at a Shiite mosque.
Head of Delta #39;s Song steps down SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW) -- John Selvaggio, the architect behind Delta Air Lines #39; Song, has stepped down 22 months after the low-fare unit #39;s launch, according to company memos issued Friday.
COL FB: Minnesota 16, Penn State 7 Laurence Maroney rushed for 144 yards and a touchdown Saturday night while leading No. 19 Minnesota to a 16-7 victory over Penn State.
Davis, Pack beat Deacons NC State #39;s Jay Davis trotted back to the Wolfpack sideline early the third quarter, the quarterback absorbing his teammates #39; adulation and exuding a swagger 
Expos move is an opportunity to improve baseball schedule Major League Baseball finally did what many expected: It announced Washington, DC, will be the new home of the Expos. The best choice?
IAEA chief arrives in Seoul for talks The head of the UN nuclear watchdog, Mohamed ElBaradei, has arrived in Seoul to discuss South Korea #39;s nuclear experiments after last month #39;s two intrusive inspections.
Gaza Raid to Continue as Long as Necessary-Sharon (Reuters) Reuters - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon\said the army operation in northern Gaza would expand and\continue for as long as necessary to prevent Palestinian rocket\attacks on Israel.
Many Bosnians Stay Away From Elections (AP) AP - Disillusioned by officials' failure to improve Bosnia's economy, many voters stayed away from municipal elections on Saturday, while preliminary results indicated that the three nationalist parties were in the lead.
NAT roundup: San Francisco watches Los Angeles celebrate after &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; (CP) - It was painful for San Francisco to watch Los Angeles celebrate its division title win on Saturday. With a win of their own and some help on Sunday, the Giants can take their turn wooping it up.
Northwestern 33, No. 7 Ohio St. 27, OT Noah Herron scored on a 2-yard run in overtime and had two other touchdowns, and Northwestern backed up its pregame trash talk with a 33-27 upset victory over No.
What we learned Auburn: Every team worth its shoulder pads strives for offensive balance, and the Tigers have the potential to be one heck of a balanced team.
Jailed cleric refuses release for hostages A jailed Indonesian cleric refused to be freed in exchange for two hostages held in Iraq, claiming that kidnapping and holding fellow Muslims is not permitted in Islam.
Dozens of suspected militants nabbed in pre-dawn raid More than 25 individuals with reported links to the Taliban and its al-Qaeda allies were arrested by Afghan security forces overnight in two locations, spokesmen said Saturday.
Approval process has not found all potential problems Vioxx was already a big success as an arthritis pain reliever, but Merck  amp; Co. thought it could be an even bigger seller. The drug seemed to have some cancer-prevention qualities 
3 things you must know to be successful A dozen years ago I asked a friend of mine if he would share with me a technical indicator he had invented. He responded,  quot;No problem, after I am done with it.
Unlike NASA, SpaceShipOne and other private pioneers can afford to &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; SpaceShipOne - as much a work of art as a groundbreaking flying machine -as recast the mold for spaceflight established by NASA largely because it doesn #39;t have to worry 
Canas hammers Novak to reach final SHANGHAI, China -- Argentina #39;s Guillermo Canas overpowered Jiri Novak in straight sets to book his place in the final of the Shanghai Open.
Astros down Rockies to stay even with Giants in NL wild-card race The streaking Houston Astros used seven pitchers and a Jeff Bagwell home run to beat the Colorado Rockies 4-2 on Friday to hold on to their share of the lead in the National League wild card race.
COL FB: Auburn 34, Tennessee 10 Jason Campbell passed for 252 yards and two touchdowns Saturday to lead the ninth-ranked Auburn Tigers over eighth-ranked Tennessee, 34-10.
HE #39;S GOLDEN BROWN On the same day Orlando  quot;El Duque quot; Hernandez said his tired shoulder was worse than it was a week ago, the Yankees received an encouraging performance from Brown.
Sharon vows to pursue Gaza raid Halting Palestinian rocket attacks could be crucial for Sharon #39;s plan to abandon occupied Gaza next year. Criticism has soared since a. Palestinian rocket killed two Israeli toddlers at a border town last Wednesday.
Aristide supporters rally as Haiti violence continues Authorities found the decapitated bodies of three policemen as sporadic gunfire killed at least one civilian in Haiti #39;s capital on the second day of violent protests staged by followers of ousted President Jean-Bertrand Aristide.
Militants behead Iraqi contractor BAGHDAD: A militant group in Iraq has claimed in a statement posted on the Internet on Saturday that it kidnapped and beheaded an Iraqi construction contractor working on a US military base.
Boxing: Trinidad floors Mayorga to win middleweight fight NEW YORK : Three-time former division champion Felix Trinidad shook off the rust from 29 months of retirement by beating Ricardo Mayorga in the eighth round of a middleweight contest.
Rice lets big lead get away, loses 70-63 With Rice and San Jose State having made a mockery of the concept of defense, the Spartans picked a most opportune time for a defensive stand.
Hurricanes, typhoons to cost insurance industry up to US\$50b PARIS : After a nearly unbroken succession of hurricanes in the Caribbean and typhoons in Asia, the global insurance industry is doing its books, with US\$50 billion in economic losses and US\$20-US\$35 billion in insured losses expected so far.
Rolling towards history One of the ironies of Wednesdays flight of SpaceShipOne is that those who had the worst view of the flightand the drama that unfolded during the ascentwere the members of the media who came to report on the event.
Love  amp; Romance with Sue McGarvey After chasing the Athletics all September, the Angels scored three times in the eighth inning to beat Oakland 5-4 Saturday and clinch their first division title in 18 years.
UN nuclear watchdog chief ElBaradei arrives in South Korea SEOUL : UN nuclear watchdog chief Mohamed ElBaradei arrived in South Korea, where his agency is investigating unauthorised nuclear research.
Golf: Els stays out in front Ernie Els holds a two-shot lead at the WGC Championship at Mount Juliet.
Israeli Forces Kill 12 in Gaza Camp Raid JEBALIYA REFUGEE CAMP, Gaza Strip - Israeli troops and aircraft hit hard at Palestinian militants this weekend, killing at least 12 in a massive Israeli incursion into the Gaza Strip's largest refugee camp, as masked Hamas gunmen vowed more rocket attacks on Israeli towns.    About 2,000 soldiers have taken control of a 5-mile-deep chunk of northern Gaza to counter militants firing homemade rockets into Israel...
Attacks in India Kill More Than 40 People GAUHATI, India - In a shattering series of attacks, suspected separatists hit nine targets - a railroad station and eight markets - with bombs and gunfire across two states in northeastern India on Saturday, killing more than 40 people.    The violence was among the deadliest to hit this ethnic patchwork region, where more than three dozen insurgent groups have been active - including one of Asia's longest running separatist conflicts, dating to shortly before India gained independence from Britain in 1947...
N #39;west CEO faces struggle Douglas M. Steenland, appointed as Northwest Airlines #39; new CEO and president on Friday, faces the job of leading the airline through the most turbulent times in the industry #39;s history.
Search upstart launches site with sights set on Google Online search engine upstart Vivisimo is setting out to convince the masses that Google #39;s vaunted technology isn #39;t the most efficient way to find things on the Internet.
Big Easy poised for big win at Ireland South Africas Ernie Els tees off on the 8th hole at Mount Juliet Golf course in the World Golf Championship in Thomastown, Kilkenny, Republic of Ireland on Saturday.
Castroneves secures top spot for Toyota Indy 400 FONTANA, Calif. -- Helio Castroneves led a TOYOTA brigade to capture his second pole position at California Speedway on Saturday, October 2. We were able to make adjustments and have no difficulty during the run, Castroneves said.
Instant Analysis: Ohio State at N #39;Western Then again, you don #39;t think about Mike Nugent missing a 40-yard field goal in overtime. And beyond that, you just don #39;t entertain any notion that Ohio State #39;s defense can get beaten consistently on third down.
Hall-of-Fame announcer called baseball in DC com. The year was 1947. Harry S. Truman was just across the way in the White House. America was in a state of postwar bliss. And a young, dark-haired broadcaster named Bob Wolff was on 
IAEA chief arrives in South Korea amid concerns over nuclear &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The head of the International Atomic Energy Agency arrived in South Korea on Sunday amid concerns over the country #39;s past nuclear experiments.
To Provoke and to Heal The murder created a South African icon. On Sept. 12, 1998, a crowd of young men fatally beat Gugu Dlamini, 36, in her village in rural KwaZulu-Natal province after she revealed that she carried HIV.
A Good European? Recep Tayyip Erdogan has come a long way in a short time. Just five years ago he was considered a dangerous subversive, sitting out a nine-month jail term for inciting religious hatred.
San Jose State, Rice Set Scoring Record (AP) AP - In the highest-scoring regulation game in Division I-A history, Brian Nunez returned an interception 28 yards with 2:18 left for the last of 19 touchdowns and San Jose State beat Rice 70-63 on Saturday night.
Trinidad Returns to the Ring With a Knockout In his first fight since retiring in early 2002, Felix Trinidad Jr. knocked out Ricardo Mayorga with a stunning right at 2:39 of the eighth round of their middleweight bout.
Shoppers Raise Their Red Flags  Whenever I organize my e-mails for an occasional column on reader feedback, I am amazed at the deluge on any subject involving customer service.
 #39;Helpful #39; politicians unneeded by markets The stock market marches to its own drumbeat, although politicians of both major parties spend a lot of time and money telling voters otherwise.
Legend of the Fall Nintendo #39;s press conferences at the Los Angeles Electronic Entertainment Expo have always been more raucous than those of its competitors.
IAEA Chief in South Korea for Nuclear Talks The head of the UN nuclear watchdog, Mohamed ElBaradei, arrived in Seoul Sunday to discuss South Korea #39;s nuclear experiments after last month #39;s two intrusive inspections.
New Raytheon contract grants raises Raytheon Co. #39;s largest area union of manufacturing employees approved a three-year contract yesterday, according to labor officials and the Waltham defense contractor.
Americans  #39;misjudge online risks #39; US computers users know more about Janet Jackson #39;s breasts than about security software on their own PC. A survey found that 90 of those asked could remember when Ms Jackson suffered her  quot;wardrobe malfunction quot;.
New company starts up a challenge to Google Google executives have long conceded that one of their great fears is to be overtaken by a more advanced Internet search technology.
Ichiro talks about his  #39;greatest moment #39; SEATTLE -- Achieving the Major League record for the most hits in a single year was  quot;the best moment of my career, quot; Seattle Mariners Ichiro Suzuki said after Friday #39;s game.
Injuries piling up for thin Yellow Jackets Miamis Frank Gore (3) runs past Georgia Techs Dawan Landry (20) during Saturdays game at Georgia Tech. Gore rushed for 127 yards on 25 carries.
Americans 'misjudge online risks' Some US computer users vastly under-estimate the dangers of going online, a survey shows.
BlackBerry, Bluetooth Have Limited Following Devices have remained stubbornly irrelevant to many mainstream users, despite the benefits they might offer and the hype they often get in the press. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-Rob Pegoraro&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Yahoo's Home Page Gets Functional Facelift Web media giant offered a preview of its redesigned front page Tuesday and said the new simpler look will replace the old one in a few weeks. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-Leslie Walker&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Space flight takes a big leap 10/03/04. During a week dominated by the first presidential debate and continued atrocities in Iraq, some cool news pretty much got lost in the shuffle: the first of two flights into space 
ALL AUBURN, ALL NIGHT com. An Auburn touchdown with 52 seconds left in the first half Saturday night brought a smile to celebrity Tiger fan Charles Barkley pacing the sideline.
Troops deployed after Indian terror attacks buried the victims of a wave of bombings and gunfire that killed 46 people in the northeast region. wounding more than 50 in deadliest attacks since a ceasefire with the main Naga rebel group began seven years ago.
Pass interference  Like thousands of other hopeful New England football fans, John T. Maguire bought a pair of Patriots season tickets in 1994, the same year Robert Kraft bought the team.
A new chapter for ex-GE chief Jack Welch Jack Welch greets you at the door and wants to talk about the Red Sox. The former chairman and chief executive of General Electric Co. is a Bostonian now. He lives in Beacon Hill with his new wife, Suzy Wetlaufer , the former editor of the Harvard Business Review. The two share an office in a sunlit room with a ...
Pinching pennies to grow a nest egg For Keri and Mark Seitz, it's come down to this: a new baby or a house?
Reebok goes Hollywood to refashion its marketing WEST HOLLYWOOD, Calif. -- Reebok's new strategy: To be seen is to sell. And what better place to be seen than on North Robertson Boulevard, the Rodeo Drive of the younger, hipper set.
Money is the catalyst for good medicine Last week's disclosure that former House Speaker Thomas Finneran will run the Massachusetts Biotechnology Council was just the latest sign that life sciences is a key industry in Boston.
Don't bank on double-digit returns from funds Most investors envy Jack R. Meyer with his double-digit returns over the past year, but even he says he will have trouble making much money in the years to come.
Defrauded investors may soon get some payback WASHINGTON -- A federal initiative to repay investors who lost money because of corporate wrongdoing and other misdeeds has amassed \$2.6 billion in just two years and has played a role in almost 100 cases settled by federal regulators.
Football can parallel investment decisions With the pro football season in full swing, it's time again for a superfluous digression into the corollaries between investing and sports. I can already hear some of you groaning, but cut me some slack.
Google Search: Best-Laid Plans Oct. 11 issue - When Google first burst on the stock-market scene, the guys running the place sounded like political newcomers attaining public office for the first time and vowing to clean up the place: Mr.
Contrasts mark economy under Bush The gross domestic product is up, but jobs are down. Economists say yes, that is possible. MIAMI - It seems, at first blush, to be a baffling contradiction.
Marine City priest leaves foundation \$575,000 bequest Following a lifetime of helping people through his church work, a \$575,000 gift from the Rev. Donald Bartone will help renew that dedication nearly two years after his death.
Junk-bond funds are OK  in small amounts Q: My wife and I bought \$60,000 worth of Lehman Brothers First Trust Opportunity Fund (ticker: LBC) in March 2004. This represents 25 percent of our investments.
Arranging trust benefits minus the expense Maybe you can live -- and die -- without them. Wealthy Americans often use a fistful of trusts to slash estate taxes, avoid probate, and control how their money is divvied up. But if your worldly assets are shy of seven figures -- meaning you're unlikely to get hit with estate taxes -- you may want to consider some cut-rate ...
'Electronic check conversion' gaining I've been explaining quite a bit of late about a new federal law that allows banks to convert your checks to digital images.
You have mail, always, with a BlackBerry Washington lawyer William Wilhelm knows from experience that not everybody loves his BlackBerry as much as he does.
Want to fly into space? Get in line A commercial spaceliner and a Woodstock-like space festival are the next planned steps in what has been called a  quot;personal space flight revolution.
No rust on Golden Bears CORVALLIS, Ore. -- Tenth-ranked California jumped out to an early 28-7 lead and never let up in a 49-7 rout of Oregon State yesterday.
Auburn simply awesome KNOXVILLE, Tenn. -- Jason Campbell threw for 252 yards and two touchdowns, and No. 8 Auburn proved itself as a national title contender by overwhelming No.
Top 25 roundup: Purdue ends long Irish streak Purdue senior quarterback Kyle Orton demolished both a secondary and a streak as he led the 15th-ranked Boilermakers to a 41-16 victory over Notre Dame (3-2).
Drivers at Talladega seek to avoid trouble For the 10 drivers competing in NASCAR #39;s new 10-race Nextel Cup Series playoff, there will be one key goal at Talladega Superspeedway: staying out of trouble.
Sharapova triumphs at Korea Open SEOUL, South Korea - Wimbledon champion Maria Sharapova won the Korea Open on Sunday, routing Polands Marta Domachowska 6-1, 6-1.
Notebook: Bowa fired as Phillies #39; manager Larry Bowa #39;s fiery personality made him a fan favorite during his playing days in Philadelphia. It also helped cost him his job as manager.
India wakes to day of mourning Church congregations in north-east India are preparing to hold special services after blasts and gun attacks killed at least 56 people on Saturday.
US forces target insurgents moving weapons in Fallujah FALLUJAH, Iraq: Two civilians were killed and 10 injured in a series of overnight air strikes in rebel-held Fallujah, the city hospital said Sunday.
Italy pays kidnappers, no questions asked The low-intensity civil war fought by extremists on the left and right - known as the  quot;years of lead quot; -as marked by waves of bombings, assassinations and kidnappings that included the 1978 murder of former prime minister Aldo Moro.
Microsoft unveils free SQL management tool Microsoft today unveiled a technical preview of SQL Server 2005 Express Manager, a newly developed free database management tool and the second Community Technology Preview of the SQL Server 2005 database.
THE SONG REMAINS THE SAME The Recording Industry Association of America has wielded a heavy legal arsenal in its war against illegal music downloads, including filing another round of lawsuits on Thursday - this time against 762 people.
US SLAMS REBELS American-led forces backed by warplanes tightened their grip on the Iraqi rebel stronghold of Samarra yesterday, saying they had killed 125 militants in one of the largest offensives since the fall of Saddam Hussein.
OSC sees no evidence of market timing by insiders Ontario #39;s securities watchdog said today it hasn #39;t found any evidence of  quot;market timing quot; by insiders of four major Canadian mutual fund firms that are the focus of a high-profile probe of the controversial trading strategy.
Lehman eyes UK hedge fund Source says the investment bank is in talks to buy GLG Partners, estimated to be worth \$1.5B. LONDON (Reuters) - Investment bank Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc.
Plenty of passing room Buddy Rice says it makes little difference where you start today #39;s Toyota Indy 400 at California Speedway . . . which is good news for Indy Racing League points leader Tony Kanaan, as well as the Indy 500 champion.
Virginia strikes out while District gets another at-bat WHILE WASHINGTON was celebrating a home run Wednesday, Northern Virginia stood helplessly at the plate watching a third strike go by.
US, Iraqi forces seize control of Samarra US and Iraqi forces announced they seized control of the Iraqi city Samarra on Saturday, after engaging in fierce battles with anti-occupation fighters.
Nationalists lead in Bosnia elections Bosnia #39;s main Muslim, Serb and Croat nationalist parties have been leading in an early count for local polls. Incomplete results released by the election organisers on Sunday indicated a strong backing for 
Yahoo's Home Page Gets Functional Facelift (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - Yahoo's Spartan home page will look even less flashy soon, thanks to an upcoming makeover. The Web media giant offered a preview of its redesigned front page Tuesday (www.yahoo.com/upgrade) and said the simpler look will replace the old one in a few weeks.
BlackBerry, Bluetooth Miss a Shot to Move Into More Hands (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - BlackBerrys and Bluetooth share an embarrassing trait -- these two uses of wireless technology have remained stubbornly irrelevant to many mainstream users, despite the benefits they might offer and the hype they often get in the press.
Blasts Rock Indian Northeast in Escalating Violence (Reuters) Reuters - Two bombs went off in India's\northeastern state of Assam Sunday, killing three people and\wounding 15 in escalating violence in the turbulent region,\blamed on separatist guerrillas.
Australian PM confident in final election week (AFP) AFP - The final week of Australia's October 9 election began with conservative Prime Minister John Howard confident of winning a fourth term and opposition leader Mark Latham embracing the underdog tag.
US attacks Falluja 'arms store' A US air strike hits the rebellious city of Falluja, as the Iraqi government says it is now in control of Samarra.
Warning over US volcano eruption US scientists warn that Mount St Helens volcano in Washington state is likely to erupt again at any time.
Afghan warlords hunt for votes  SHEBERGHAN, Afghanistan -- For the first time in its history, this desert town is showing off the trappings of democracy. Campaign posters decorate storefronts, and the local leader, General Abdul Rashid Dostum, has traded his military uniform for a dark suit and has hit the campaign trail.
Thousands riot after Pakistan funeral  SIALKOT, Pakistan -- Thousands of minority Shi'ite Muslims rampaged through this eastern Pakistan city for the second straight day yesterday, burning a police station and the mayor's office after a mass funeral for 31 people killed by a suicide bombing at a Shi'ite mosque.
Gang violence rises in Central America  SAN SALVADOR -- Homemade grenades started exploding midmorning Aug. 18 at La Esperanza, El Salvador's largest prison, and the 3,200 inmates locked inside the overcrowded cage stampeded to escape the blasts and the fireballs.
Losses mourned in an insurgent stronghold  BAGHDAD -- US and Iraqi forces took control of the central Iraqi city of Samarra yesterday but engaged in sporadic clashes with insurgents who had dispersed into the narrowest of its closely packed streets to continue fighting in small bands.
Former guerrillas now hope to make mark at ballot box BAGHDAD -- These days the Supreme Council for Islamic Revolution in Iraq is talking less and less about Islam and not at all about revolution.
As fuel use rises, China eyes alternatives BEIJING -- When the opening lyrics of ''Dark Side of the Moon quot; floated through the air at a Beijing bar on a recent evening, patrons sang along to the Pink Floyd classic. ''Breathe, breathe in the air, quot; they chanted in chorus. They seemed oblivious to the irony, in a city that is fast becoming one of the world's most polluted.
Iraq's New Police: Scared, but at Least Employed To listen to Iraq's new police officers is to hear the voices of under-equipped and under-trained men, often unnerved by the danger but determined to work.
Wal-Mart sales at low end of forecast Wal-Mart Stores Inc. said Saturday sales at stores open at least a year rose 2.3 percent in September, according to its preliminary tally, helped by sales of bedding, electronics, food and pet supplies.
Talladega: Waiting for the  #39;big one #39; The belly butterflies will be in full flight this afternoon when the 43-car field takes the green flag at Talladega (Ala.) Superspeedway.
Cubs miss out again this year A season that started with such high hopes for the Cubs wound up with them being eliminated from playoff contention by their fifth straight loss, 8-6, to the Atlanta Braves Saturday.
TORRE SERVES HIS BAN (New York Post) New York Post - TORONTO  #x2014; Suspended by MLB for yesterday's game, Yankee manager Joe Torre opted not to come to SkyDome at all, as Kevin Brown made his second start since returning from a broken left hand.
Hawaii's Chang Second on NCAA Pass List (AP) AP - Hawaii's Timmy Chang threw for 378 yards and three touchdowns and moved into second place on the NCAA's career passing yardage list as the Warriors defeated Tulsa 44-16 Saturday night.
Angels end up as the best in West OAKLAND, Calif. -- Once they got their chance to go head to head, the Anaheim Angels showed Oakland which team was best in the AL West.
Dodgers keep it going The Dodgers have spent many recent Octobers watching postseason baseball on television. This year, they'll be playing.
Straightening Jaguars' line Jaguars offensive line coach Paul Boudreau has had a tough time with hurricanes battering his house in St. Augustine, Fla., seemingly every week of late, but in a way it's a metaphor for what his line and the Jaguars have been all about this season.
Revolution take matters in hand FOXBOROUGH -- The Revolution revived their playoff hopes again last night, the combination of a 2-0 victory over the Dallas Burn at Gillette Stadium and Chicago's tie with Columbus sets the stage for another dramatic finish to the regular season.
Seeing Red Arnold  quot;Red quot; Auerbach, a transfer from Seth Low Junior College in Brooklyn, was a brand-new sophomore at George Washington University on a team filled with talented sophomores who had played together the previous season on an undefeated freshman team. It was 1936, and the newcomer had to prove his worth and battle for playing time at the Washington, D.C., school. ...
Gators survive close shave GAINESVILLE, Fla. -- Chris Leak threw for a career-high 322 yards and three touchdowns, and No. 16 Florida held off a late rally to beat Arkansas, 45-30, yesterday.
Davis return buoys Badgers MADISON, Wis. -- Tailback Anthony Davis's return from an eye injury sparked No. 20 Wisconsin's stagnant offense and the Badgers' defense was as stout as ever in a 24-7 victory over Illinois yesterday.
Holy Cross can't stop Fordham, losing streak WORCESTER -- Close . . . but not quite. Holy Cross, in search of its first win in more than a year, suffered its second straight last-minute home loss yesterday, dropping a 42-35 decision to Patriot League foe Fordham at Fitton Field.
Jumbos hold off Bates Jason Casey threw a pair of second-quarter touchdown passes and Tufts stymied a fourth-quarter uprising to hold off Bates, 14-12, yesterday at Ellis Oval/Zimman Field in Somerville.
Rutgers ripped by Reyes Walter Reyes rushed for 237 yards and two touchdowns, including the decisive score with 2:24 left, and Syracuse beat visiting Rutgers, 41-31, yesterday in the Big East opener for both teams.
Sexton's first start a success TALLAHASSEE, Fla. -- Wyatt Sexton threw three touchdown passes in his starting debut and Leon Washington ran for 153 yards and a touchdown as No. 9 Florida State defeated North Carolina, 38-16, yesterday.
Mountaineers picked apart BLACKSBURG, Va. -- Vincent Fuller intercepted Rasheed Marshall's pass with 18 seconds left and Virginia Tech beat No. 6 West Virginia, 19-13, yesterday.
Shelton runs for five TDs LOUISVILLE, Ky. -- Eric Shelton ran for 129 yards and tied a Louisville record with five touchdowns on the ground yesterday to lead the No. 22 Cardinals to a 59-7 win over East Carolina.
BSC's Palumbowins tennis honor Kim Palumbo of Westwood made tennis history at Bridgewater State College as she became the first BSC tennis player to be named the Little East Conference Player of the Week when she was chosen for the period ending Sept. 25. The women's team, along with the men's program, joined the Little East this season, after playing an independent schedule for ...
Rout ends the drought SOUTH BEND, Ind. -- Another week, another Big Ten opponent. Another win for Notre Dame?
Auburn simply awesome KNOXVILLE, Tenn. -- Jason Campbell threw for 252 yards and two touchdowns, and No. 8 Auburn proved itself as a national title contender by overwhelming No. 10 Tennessee, 34-10, last night.
In the end, Yale hearty and hale Senior Andrew Sullivan booted a 37-yard field goal -- the longest in his career -- with seven seconds left to lead Yale to a come-from-behind, 31-28 nonleague win over Colgate in New Haven yesterday.
Dawson drives Crimson EASTON, Pa. -- Lafayette's offense excited its homecoming crowd of 5,365 with 399 total yards yesterday, but it was still no match for Harvard.
Boise State streaks on BOISE, Idaho -- Jared Zabransky threw for 190 yards and two touchdowns to lead No. 23 Boise State past Southern Methodist, 38-20, last night, extending the longest winning streak in the nation to 16 games.
Footnotes In the highest-scoring regulation game in Division 1-A history, Brian Nunez returned an interception 28 yards with 2:18 left for the last of 19 touchdowns, and San Jose State (2-2, 1-1, WAC) beat Rice, 70-63.
UNH surges with air attack Ricky Santos broke his own school record by throwing six touchdown passes and set a school mark with 538 passing yards as New Hampshire withstood Villanova's fourth-quarter rally for a 51-40 victory last night at Villanova, Pa.
Moats sinks Fresno St. RUSTON, La. -- Ryan Moats scored his fourth touchdown with less than four minutes left and finished with 236 yards rushing to lead Louisiana Tech to a 28-21 upset of No. 17 Fresno State last night.
Michigan's Henne heats up BLOOMINGTON, Ind. -- Chad Henne threw for 316 yards and three touchdowns, and Leon Hart returned a punt 76 yards for a score to help No. 19 Michigan rout Indiana, 35-14, yesterday.
Front-runner Eidmann finishes first With just 300 meters remaining in the Bob McIntyre Bay State Cross Country Invitational Division 2 race yesterday at Franklin Park, Katharina Eidmann began doubting herself.  quot;I was surprised, quot; said Eidmann, a junior at Winchester.  quot;My plan was to have people pushing me but I kind of pulled away early. When Greta Wicklund came up on me toward the end, ...
Defense holds for Mansfield ATTLEBORO -- An unrelenting Mansfield defense forced four turnovers as the Hornets won the 2004 season's only scheduled matchup between defending Super Bowl winners, defeating Bishop Feehan, 17-7. Mansfield, last year's Division 3 champion, intercepted three passes and forced a key fumble on a Feehan punt return in the fourth quarter, leading to a game-clinching field goal.
Xaverian flashes show of strength WESTWOOD -- A quick question: Which team deserves the No. 1 ranking? Acton-Boxboro? Everett? Xaverian? They all have legitimate claims to the throne.
Woburn's win is all Hart Reading fans knew Middlesex League rival Woburn had a sensational player in Boston College-bound running back Mike McLaughlin. Yesterday, the host Rockets learned Woburn also has Hart.
Bigger Eruption Predicted at Mount St. Helens Scientists monitoring Mount St. Helens, which erupted with a minor explosion on Friday, said that they were expecting a more powerful explosion within a day or so.
Indian Police Probe Northeast Bombings That Killed 49 People Indian police said investigations are under way into attacks that left at least 49 people dead yesterday in two northeastern frontier states that have been troubled by insurgencies.
Florida vacation? Fuggeddaboudit! Area travel agents say forget about taking that fall-break getaway to hurricane-hammered Florida. The situation may not be much better by Thanksgiving, Christmas or even spring break for 
U.S. Spy Plane Crashes Near Base in Pakistan (Reuters) Reuters - A pilotless U.S. spy plane\crashed near its military base in southern Pakistan on Sunday\but there were no casualties or damage, police said.
Bush Raps Kerry, Slips in Newsweek Poll (AP) AP - President Bush on Saturday ridiculed what he called the "Kerry doctrine" as a dangerous outsourcing of America's security, seeking to poke a hole in Sen. John Kerry's debate performance with what advisers see as his rival's biggest miscue.
Fall offers fine gazing Early autumn is a fine time for stargazers, with generally clear skies, moderate temperatures and darkness falling earlier and earlier in the evenings.
Open Source Champions Shoot Down Microsoft FAT Patent At the behest of the open source-loving Public Patent Foundation (PUBPAT), the US Patent and Trademark Office (PTO) has rejected all of the claims made in one of the four patents that Microsoft holds on the Windows file system.
Canas seals third title Guillermo Canas wrapped up the Shanghai Open title with consummate ease on Sunday following a 6-1 6-0 win against Lars Burgsmuller.
Sharon vows to stop rockets Gaza City, Gaza Strip - Israel #39;s premier warned that his army #39;s largest operation in Gaza in four years would expand, after troops left dozens of dead and rows of houses destroyed, aiming at stopping Palestinian rocket attacks on border towns.
Fight for Aristide continues Supporters demanding the return of ousted president Jean-Bertrand Aristide hurled stones and fired shots in the air yesterday, the third straight day of violent protests that have killed 12 people so far.
US forces continue Samarra hunt US forces continued to search door-to-door for any remaining insurgents in Samarra Sunday as citizens arrived at the city #39;s main hospital to claim the bodies of those killed.
Optimism from Bigley negotiator A Muslim negotiator involved in trying to free British hostage Ken Bigley has expressed guarded optimism he will be freed, it is reported.
Football: Glazer 'eyes Man U bid' American tycoon Malcolm Glazer is reportedly poised to launch a takeover bid for Manchester United.
NL Wrap: Finley Slams Dodgers to West Title  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Steve Finley hit a grand slam home run  to cap a seven-run rally in the bottom of the ninth inning as  the Los Angeles Dodgers clinched the NL West title with a 7-3  win over the San Francisco Giants Saturday.
Sharapova Strolls to Korea Open Title  SEOUL (Reuters) - Wimbledon champion Maria Sharapova  trounced Marta Domachowska 6-1 6-1 to win the Korea Open on  Sunday.
Houston Has No Problem Landing Wild Card Tie  HOUSTON (Reuters) - The red-hot Houston Astros slugged six  home runs on Saturday to beat the Colorado Rockies 9-3 and  clinch at least a tie for the National League wild card playoff  berth.
Flagging a poll: Not so fast on Bull dynasty' For 12 days in the middle of August, a research firm commissioned by Sports Illustrated polled 1,004 sports fans on a variety of topics for the magazine's 50th anniversary issue.
Easy does it as Els retains WGC lead Ernie Els held off some early charges under blustery conditions yesterday and shot a 4-under-par 68 to finish where he started -- with a two-stroke lead at the American Express Championship at Thomastown, Ireland, and in great shape to win the World Golf Championship for the first time. Els bounced back from a bogey at No. 9 -- his only ...
Phillies' Bowa is sent packing NAMES Donald Trump wasn't there giving his trademark hand gesture and uttering those famous words yesterday, but the outcome was the same. Larry Bowa , you're fired. Bowa, the manager of the Philadelphia Phillies, was canned a day before the end of yet another disappointing year. The Phillies failed to reach the playoffs for the 11th straight season after coming ...
It just isn't Minutemen's time vs. BC The cynics will point to the final score of Boston College's 29-7 victory over the University of Massachusetts yesterday before an Alumni Stadium crowd of 43,262 and conclude that the Eagles didn't win convincingly enough against their Division 1-AA opponents.
Bush touts tax relief, Edwards slams Bush record President Bush, who credits three years of tax relief programs with helping strengthen the slow economy, said Saturday he would sign into law the Working Families Tax Relief Act to preserve tax cuts.
Rio is captaincy material: Ferguson Manchester United manager Alex Ferguson sees Rio Ferdinand as a future captain of his club. Fergusons endorsement of his star defender comes a day after England boss Sven-Goran Eriksson hailed him as a future leader of his country.
Winner Sun thankful to rains for a cool morning New Delhi, Oct. 3 (PTI): Overnight rains came as a blessing in disguise for Chinese runner Yingjie Sun, who crushed Irish star Sonia O #39;Sullivan #39;s dream of completing a rare triple of world titles by winning 
Baseball Notes Larry Bowa was fired as manager of the Philadelphia Phillies yesterday, a day before the end of another disappointing year. The Phillies failed to reach the playoffs for the 11th straight season after coming 
New violence hits Gaza Two Palestinians were killed Sunday when Israeli soldiers fired at a house in the Jabalya refugee camp in Gaza, Palestinian hospital and medical sources said.
Choose your own adventure I got fired from my job last night. To celebrate I threw a party where I flirted with three women and danced with two men. I then trashed my house and, in a fit of angry spite, stole my neighbor #39;s garden gnome.
China #39;s Sun Yingjie wins women #39;s world half-marathon China #39;s Sun Yingjie clocked 68 minutes and 40 minutes to win the women #39;s individual title of the world half-marathon championships here Sunday.
Blair undergoes heart operation British Prime Minister Tony Blair has had a successful operation for recurrent heart palpitations and is doing well, Sky TV reported on Friday.
IMF failing to agree on debt plan The International Monetary Fund appears to be unable to agree on a debt relief plan for the world's poorest nations.
UK #39;s Brown Says No Agreement Reached on Poor Nations #39; Debt UK Chancellor of the Exchequer Gordon Brown said no deal has been reached on how to clear the debts of the world #39;s poorest nations, a debate that has divided the UK and US governments.
Airbus and Boeing Must Avoid WTO Case, France #39;s Sarkozy Says The European Union and the US must resolve differences over government aid to aircraft makers Airbus SAS and Boeing Co. and avoid taking the dispute to the World Trade Organization, French Finance Minister Nicolas Sarkozy said.
NASA Hopes to Build  #39;Giant Pinhole Camera #39; Scientists hope to build a giant pinhole camera in space to spot planets orbiting distant stars. The New Worlds Imager would be the size of a football field with a 30ft wide hole in the centre.
Maybe it #39;s too subtle Please forgive us our nonchalance about nuance. At 228, we #39;re still a toddler nation among great civilizations. We can #39;t help it if we can #39;t make such a big hoo-ha about a mysterious Japanese man slapping singles in the quietest corner of our country.
 #39;Caution #39; laps Of all places to bring NASCAR #39;s new Chase for the Championship, this is the chanciest. Restrictor-plate racing here is more about luck than speed or skill.
Bank leaders fail to reach pact WASHINGTON - World finance leaders, struggling to find a way to help the world #39;s poorest countries get out from under huge debts, did not reach agreement Saturday, but promised to devise a new plan by year #39;s end.
No space at the station as garbage piles up THERE #39;S no space in the space station. So a few weeks ago, the two astronauts who live there tossed out some useless junk. Only this stuff floated away in space.
Dreams take flight in Mojave Mojave, Calif.Years from now, when future historians write about the democratization of space, don #39;t be surprised if this dusty, scrappy little town comes to be known as the 21st-century equivalent of Kitty Hawk.
Two-thirds  #39;unlikely #39; to pay for music downloads Music downloading and file-sharing are on the increase, and record companies who attempt to regulate illegal downloaders get short shrift from internet users, a survey reveals today.
Canas thrashes Burgsmuller to win Shanghai Open Argentine Guillermo Canas crushed Germany #39;s Lars Burgsmuller 6-1 6-0 to win the Shanghai Open on Sunday. Canas broke his opponent #39;s serve in the third game of the first set and 
Quinn displays progress from  #39;03 Last year Brady Quinn entered Purdue #39;s Ross-Ade Stadium as a tentative freshman embarking on a crash course in college quarterbacking.
Stern action against northeast terror: Indian official India #39;s Home Minister Shivraj Patil Sunday said stern action would be taken to deal with a spurtin terrorist attacks in the country #39;s northeast, where 53 people were killed 
Tough Beat It was a tough job to fill. Who could possibly be recruited two years ago to take over the Securities and Exchange Commission, and rescue it from several tumultuous years?
Fun and games during Premier League clashes London - There were tears and jeers during Saturday night #39;s English Premier League matches. Here are the match reports... Champions Arsenal bounced back from a disappointing Champions League performance with 
Wasteful Valencia held to draw Wasteful Valencia had to settle for a 1-1 draw away to Real Betis on Saturday, while Atletico Madrid missed a chance to move into the Spanish leaguie #39;s top three when they were beaten 1-0 away to Real Sociedad.
Montreal bids adieu to Expos The largest crowd of the season came to see the Expos play in Montreal for the final time Wednesday. There were tears and boos. Some lobbed golf balls and bottles onto the field at Olympic Stadium in protest.
Purdue rumbles past Notre Dame They are two schools known for their quarterback pedigree. Purdue #39;s Kyle Orton and Notre Dame #39;s Brady Quinn added to that mystique Saturday.
Ransom may save Bigleys life- Report A Kuwaiti newspaper reported that a new group is trying to secure Bigleys release, which could include the possibility of a ransom.
Gunmen Attack Mauritania Security Chief #39;s Home Unidentified gunmen opened fire on the house of Mauritania #39;s national security chief early Sunday, police in the coup-prone West African country said.
Beer giants go on spending spree Two of the world's largest brewers - Belgium's Inbev and Holland's Heineken - announce new takeovers in Germany and Russia respectively.
JAIL GETS MAKEOVER ALDERSON, W.Va. - The federal lockup Martha Stewart will call home for the next five months is getting a makeover just in time for domestic diva #39;s arrival this week.
Space Ship Prepares to Blast off for  #39;X Prize #39; A team of aviation pioneers with dreams of one day offering tourist trips into space will tomorrow attempt to clinch a 5.5 million prize by launching a craft beyond the 
I wasn #39;t afraid of Joseph, says Kirui After winning his third Half Marathon title of the year beating last edition #39;s silver medallist Fabiano Joseph, Kenyan Paul Kirui said he was not all afraid of competing against the Tanzanian.
It #39;s simple: Six outs too much to ask of A #39;s bullpen OAKLAND -- -- The essential difference between the A #39;s and the Anaheim Angels, so narrow yet so pronounced, rang loud and clear Saturday, distilled to a single inning.
25 Terror Suspects Nabbed in Afghanistan KABUL, Afghanistan Oct. 2, 2004 - Afghan intelligence agents backed by international peacekeepers arrested 25 people allegedly linked to the Taliban and al-Qaida in an early morning raid in eastern Kabul Saturday, a spokesman for the peacekeepers said.
Bodies of Two Westerners Found South of Baghdad (Reuters) Reuters - Iraqi police have found the bodies of a\man and a woman, both believed to be Westerners, south of\Baghdad, the director of the hospital that received the corpses\said on Sunday.
Abuses in Afghan Campaign, But UN Sees Fair Vote (Reuters) Reuters - The campaign for Afghanistan's landmark\presidential election has been marred by intimidation and\official partiality, the United Nations said on Sunday, but it\expects this week's vote to be relatively free and fair.
Sharon Vows to Expand Gaza Raid, Toll Hits 50  GAZA (Reuters) - Israeli leader Ariel Sharon vowed on  Sunday to widen an offensive into Gaza which has killed at  least 50 Palestinians until militants stop firing rockets that  have fueled criticism of his plan to abandon the occupied  strip.
Tata Consultancy strikes deal with Ferrari: Business India: New Delhi, Dec 6 : IT major Tata Consultancy Services (TCS) Monday announced a  quot;multi-year, multimillion dollar quot; deal with Ferrari to assist in the development of their Formula 1 car for the next racing season.
Bodies of Two Westerners Found South of Baghdad  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Iraqi police have found the bodies of a  man and a woman, both believed to be Westerners, south of  Baghdad, the director of the hospital that received the corpses  said on Sunday.
Israel Demands U.N. Probe Gaza Film Incident  JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israel demanded Sunday the United  Nations investigate whether Palestinians filmed in the Gaza  Strip were militants using a U.N. van to transport rockets for  use against Israel.
Smiths Group to Buy Medex for \$625 Million in Cash (Update3) Smiths Group Plc, which makes insulin pumps and anthrax-detection systems for the US Postal Service, agreed to buy Medex Inc. for \$625 million in cash to expand its medical-equipment division.
Tired Pope Beatifies Mel Gibon's 'Muse'  VATICAN CITY (Reuters) - Pope John Paul, looking tired and  speaking with difficulty, put five Catholics on the road to  sainthood on Sunday, including the 19th century German mystic  nun who inspired Mel Gibson's film on Christ's passion.
In Sudan, No Clear Difference Between Arab and African The Darfur crisis has laid bare an unspoken Arab-African fault line that runs from Mauritania in the west, to Sudan in the east.
Finance Leaders Can't Resolve Debt Relief WASHINGTON - Finance officials failed to resolve their differences over debt relief for the world's poorest countries and Iraq while expressing concern about the impact high oil prices would have on a strengthening global economy.    The ministers and central bank governors attended weekend steering committee meetings of the International Monetary Fund and the World Bank before heading into a session involving all 184 member nations of the two lending organizations on Sunday, the final day of talks...
Cendant to pay \$1.25 billion for Orbitz HACKENSACK, NJ - With one deal, Cendant Corp. is moving from an also-ran to one of the top players in the booming online travel business.
Q amp;A: Red Hat #39;s CEO on his company #39;s latest acquisition OCTOBER 01, 2004 (COMPUTERWORLD) - After his company announced that it #39;s acquiring security and authentication tools from Netscape Security Solutions to bolster its software arsenal (see story), Red Hat Inc.
Kenya #39;s Kirui wins World half-marathon NEW DELHI -- Kenya #39;s Paul Kirui won the World half-marathon Sunday and China #39;s Sun Ying Jie took the women #39;s race. The 24-year-old Kirui finished in 1 hour, 2 minutes, 15 seconds, beating Tanzania #39;s Fabiano Joseph by 16 seconds.
Growing up with Little E #39; TALLADEGA -- Dale Earnhardt Jr. begins his last week at age 29 today, and  quot;Little E quot; is laying plans for the future. The most immediate include a strategy for today #39;s EA Sports 500 at Talladega Superspeedway 
Auburn helps freshman QBs act their age Auburn #39;s bludgeoning of the Vols was a painful reminder that growing pains are part of the SEC schedule. As talented as Erik Ainge and Brent Schaeffer may be, neither was prepared for the kind of reality check that Auburn cashed last night.
More bombs in India, 53 now dead A string of bomb and gun attacks in northeastern India continued for a second day Sunday as blasts in a crowded market, a tea plantation and elsewhere killed three people and wounded another 18.
Calm returns to Haitian Port-Au-Prince - Calm settled over the Haitian capital early on Sunday after two days of political unrest left 10 dead, as aid continued to arrive in flood-ravaged areas in the north.
Head of UN nuclear watchdog arrives in South Korea SEOUL, South Korea The head of the UN nuclear watchdog says although the nuclear experiments South Korea performed years ago were small, his agency needs to make sure they don #39;t happen again.
Tired Pope Beatifies Mel Gibon #39;s  #39;Muse #39; Pope John Paul, looking tired and speaking with difficulty, put five Catholics on the road to sainthood Sunday, including the 19th century German mystic nun who inspired Mel Gibson #39;s film on Christ #39;s passion.
Conference seeks to combat illegal sales of wildlife Wildlife conservationists are expected to push for new trade restrictions to protect fast-disappearing animals and plants, while lobbyists try to free up commerce in some species at international talks starting yesterday in Bangkok.
Canas Thrashes Burgsmuller to Win Shanghai Open  SHANGHAI (Reuters) - Argentine Guillermo Canas crushed  Germany's Lars Burgsmuller 6-1 6-0 to win the Shanghai Open on  Sunday.
IPO Outlook Muted  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The U.S. IPO market's first-half  revival from last year's moribund levels turned into a summer  of discontent for many eager companies trying to tap the public  markets.
Clijsters setback FORMER World No. 1 Kim Clijsters is unlikely to play again this year after aggravating a wrist injury in the semi-finals of the WTA tournament today.
Volunter running game goes gamey again Tennessee tailback Cedric Houston needed only 61 yards against Auburn to reach the 2,000 yard mark, but he came up six yards short.
A Seismic Shift Under the House of Fannie Mae FROM a compulsively neat desk inside a company that routinely jousts with powerful critics from the White House, Congress, the Federal Reserve and Wall Street, J. Timothy Howard has been the financial architect of one of the world #39;s most formidable and 
Sit back and watch the Earth die Richard Branson plans to fly the first commercial passengers into space. Let #39;s hope we experience delays. This week Sir Richard Branson announced his plans to fly the first commercial passengers into space.
Sven: Rio captaincy material Following the end of his eight-month ban for missing a drugs test, the defender is set to return to the England squad on Sunday night ahead of the World Cup qualifiers against Wales and Azerbaijan.
Astros control destiny as season winds down HOUSTON - The Houston Astros are one win from completing an amazing late-season playoff push. Roy Oswalt became the NL #39;s first 20-game winner, and Jeff Kent and Craig Biggio each homered twice, giving the 
Notre Dame Notebook In a game with 1,048 yards of total offense, it #39;s hard to believe either Notre Dame or Purdue would come up short in any department.
18 ETA suspects held in raids A vast police operation in France and Spain netted at least 18 suspected members of the armed Basque separatist group ETA and large stocks of weapons, authorities said.
At least 14 killed in Thailand blast Bangkok: Fourteen people were killed and five injured Sunday in an explosion at a fireworks factory in Thailand #39;s ancient capital Ayuthaya, officials and witnesses said.
Blair recovering after heart treatment Tony Blair is recovering at Chequers after undergoing hospital treatment for his recurring heart  quot;flutter quot;. Dressed casually in jeans, blue open-necked shirt and blazer, the Prime Minister grinned broadly and waved at waiting reporters and photographers.
UN nuclear watchdog chief wants SKorea to come clean (AFP) AFP - UN nuclear watchdog chief Mohamed ElBaradei said he wants South Korea to come clean about past unauthorized nuclear experiments and not to repeat its mistake.
U.S.-Led Forces Claim Victory in Samarra  SAMARRA, Iraq (Reuters) - U.S. and Iraqi forces on Sunday  declared victory in Samarra, the first step of a drive to take  back all of Iraq's rebel-held areas before elections due in  January.
New Bomb Blast Wounds 15 in India GAUHATI, India - Suspected separatists bombed a power line, a gas pipeline, a tea plantation and a crowded marketplace in northeastern India on Sunday, intensifying a campaign of violence that has killed more than 50 people and wounded at least 100 over the last two days.    The violence, affecting the states of Nagaland and Assam, was among the deadliest to hit the region, where more than three dozen insurgent groups have been active...
IMF failing to agree on debt plan The world #39;s leading finance officials and ministers appear to be failing to reach agreement on debt relief for the poorest nations.
Lazard Asks Partners to Take Pay Cut, People Say (Update2) Bruce Wasserstein, head of Lazard LLC, is asking partners to take a one-third pay cut as he readies the world #39;s largest closely held investment bank for a share sale, people familiar with the situation said.
Vivisimo Offers Consumers a New Search Engine Format Vivisimo #39;s co-founder and chief executive, Raul Valdes-Perez, was a protege of Herbert Simon, a Nobel laureate who was a pioneer in artificial intelligence research.
Shutting up the echoes It was evident in the Purdue players postgame celebration following the 41-16 victory, the way Uche Nwaneri did his best impression of Touchdown Jesus, arms raised to the heavens.
Howard finds his own pot of old gold By MARK METHERELL, MATT WADE, TOM ALLARD and COSIMA MARRINER. Australia #39;s prime minister John Howard has proffered \$A1 billion in new handouts to older Australians two days after Labor #39;s \$A2.
Dutch rally against benefit cuts More than 150,000 people took to the streets to protest planned cuts to social benefits in what police described as the largest anti-government demonstrations in the Netherlands in 20 years.
Slovenia leader in key poll test The people of Slovenia are voting in the first parliamentary elections since the country joined the European Union and Nato earlier this year.
Lazard chief could opt for sale over IPO-report Bruce Wasserstein, head of Lazard, could sell the investment bank rather than float it on the stock market, the Observer newspaper has reported.
Bulldogs lie in wait for 10 months, then chew up Tigers from &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The Georgia Bulldogs insisted all week that they didn #39;t circle this game on their calendars after losing twice to LSU last season.
Judge Ready to Start Parmalat Hearings  MILAN (Reuters) - Ten months after the Parmalat scandal  rocked the global finance industry, a judge next week begins  deciding whether to put on trial executives, bankers and  auditors of the dairy group plus three financial institutions.
How mutual funds can be like marriage Within the past two weeks, we also celebrated our 10th anniversary and 15th anniversary of holding two of our favorite investments.
Trinidad #39;s successful r Puerto Rican middleweight Felix Trinidad has returned to the ring in spectacular fashion beating Ricardo Mayorga in his comeback fight at Madison Square Garden.
Racing: Brazil #39;s Kanaan set to clinch Indy-car crown FONTANA, United States : Brazil #39;s Tony Kanaan can clinch the Indy Racing League season championship by finishing in the top four at the Toyota Indy 400 here Sunday.
Sharapova easily wins Korea Open Wimbledon champion Maria Sharapova won the Korea Open on Sunday with an easy 6-1, 6-1 victory over Poland #39;s Marta Domachowska.
Federer beats Roddick again For the third time this year, Roger Federer defeated Andy Roddick to win a tournament - the top seed easily winning 6-4, 6-0 to pick up the \$550,000 Thailand Open.
Gadaffi family vow to help UK hostage The brother of British hostage Ken Bigley says he has received a pledge from the Gadaffi family that they would help to secure his release.
Blast at fireworks factory A MASSIVE explosion at a fireworks factory in central Thailand today killed 14 people, including a 4-year-old boy, and injured two others, a police official said.
Glazer 'eyeing Man Utd bid' American tycoon Malcolm Glazer is reportedly poised to launch a takeover bid for Manchester United.
Dog with bird flu sparks new fears An eight-year-old Thai girl and a dog were confirmed to have been infected with Asia #39;s deadly bird flu on Sunday as the country battled a second major outbreak of the virus this year, authorities said.
UPDATE 1-Leading results in Rally of Italy Leading results in the Rally of Italy on Sunday: 1. Petter Solberg (Norway) Subaru 4:43:47.9 2. Sebastien Loeb (France) Citroen 2:07.
Brother may  #39;buy #39; Bigley THE brother of Iraq hostage Ken Bigley was yesterday investigating whether it might be possible to buy his sibling #39;s life. Paul Bigley was looking into reports in a Kuwaiti newspaper that a Iraqi militant 
14 killed in explosion at fireworks factory A massive explosion at a fireworks factory in central Thailand today killed 14 people, including a four-year-old boy, and injured two others, a police official said.
Sermon urges unity for island  quot;BE not dismayed, quot; sang the Pitcairn Islanders, all wearing their best clothes, in a white, wooden church high above Bounty Bay.
US Stocks Rise in Week; S amp;P 500 Gains for 7th Week in Eight US stocks rose this week after reports showed the economy grew faster than expected in the second quarter and manufacturing expanded in September for a 16th straight month.
Trinidad rocks Mayorga It seemed like a difficult assignment. Felix Trinidad returned to the ring last night after more than two years of inactivity to fight Ricardo Mayorga, a sturdy former champion who is capable of scoring a knockout with either hand.
UN nuclear watchdog chief wants SKorea to come clean SEOUL : UN nuclear watchdog chief Mohamed ElBaradei said he wants South Korea to come clean about past unauthorized nuclear experiments and not to repeat its mistake.
Factory explosion kills 14 people in Thailand About 14 people were killed and two others were injured Sunday in an explosion at a fireworks factory in Thailand #39;s central Ayuthaya province, said a local official.
Slovenia, Serbia and Abkhazia Hold Elections Sunday Voters in Slovenia, Serbia and Georgia #39;s breakaway republic of Abkhazia cast ballots Sunday in elections for lawmakers and government leaders.
Bodies of Man and Woman Found Near Iraqi Capital Hospital officials in Iraq say police have found the bodies of a man and a woman south of Baghdad. Both appeared to be Westerners, but neither had identification.
Senior journalist killed in northern Bangladesh A senior journalist was killed in northern Sherpur town of Bogra district early Sunday by unknown assailants. Dipamkar Chakraborty, the executive editor of a newspaper The Durjoy 
SanDisk flashes new memory cards SanDisk this week announced a series of CF (CompactFlash) cards that double the read and write speeds of its fastest flash cards available today, as well as an 8GB version of its Ultra II CF Type 1 flash memory card.
Geoffrey Rush #39;s doubts about Sellers AUSTRALIA As the Oct. 9 election nears, polls show the rivals - the coalition led by Prime Minister John Howard, and Mark Latham #39;s Labor party -eck-and-neck.
IAEA Chief in Seoul for Nuclear Talks The head of the United Nations nuclear agency is in Seoul, South Korea, to discuss the country #39;s past unauthorized nuclear experiments.
Nationalists Strong in Bosnia Poll Count Bosnia #39;s main Muslim, Serb and Croat nationalist parties were ahead in local polls, partial results showed on Sunday, but voter turnout fell below 50 percent for the first time.
Billy Joel Marries 23-Year-Old Fiancee (AP) AP - Singer-songwriter Billy Joel married his fiancee, 23-year-old Kate Lee, in a ceremony Saturday at his Long Island mansion, his record label said. Joel, 55, wed Lee in a sunset wedding at his waterfront home, Newsday reported in its online editions. Columbia Records, Joel's label, announced the marriage Saturday night. A spokeswoman for Joel could not immediately be reached for comment.
-Posted by dan.farber  10:15 am (PDT) News.com #39;s John Borland lays out the issues with shelving Microsoft #39;s insecure Internet Explorer with a non-MS brower, such as Firefox... The problem is that many Web developers create their sites so they 
US space agency shooting for out-of-this-world ideas ATLANTA - Nasa #39;s Atlanta-based Institute for Advanced Concepts has a new field of futuristic dreams to nurture - from engineering organisms that could live on Mars to swarms of microscopic satellites to map the Earth.
Pope to beatify controversial nun Pope John Paul II will declare two controversial Roman Catholic figures blessed at a Vatican ceremony on Sunday. Beatification is the last step on the road to sainthood.
French police arrest 17, find heavy weapons in anti-ETA swoop PARIS (AFP) - French police arrested 17 people and discovered a cache of heavy weapons during raids in southwestern France that targeted suspected members of Spain #39;s armed Basque separatist group ETA, officials said.
Girl and dog in Thailand have bird flu BANGKOK - Thailand is battling a second major outbreak of the deadly avian influenza, or bird flu, as a nine-year-old girl and a dog have both tested positive for the virus.
Security tight for Afghan inauguration Afghan and international forces laid a security ring around Kabul on Monday in preparation for the inauguration of Hamid Karzai as Afghanistan #39;s first popularly elected 
Turkey Says EU 'Homework Done,' Green Light Ahead (Reuters) Reuters - Turkey declared that it had fulfilled\all the political criteria for membership talks with the\European Union on Sunday, three days before a recommendation\from the EU's executive that will give Ankara a green light.
Pope Beatifies Emperor, Nun, Three Others (AP) AP - Pope John Paul II on Sunday moved five Catholics closer to sainthood, including Austria's last reigning emperor and a German nun whose graphic visions of Christ's suffering helped inspire the blockbuster movie "The Passion of the Christ."
Report: Kerry Cured of Prostate Cancer (AP) AP - Sen. John Kerry's doctors have told him he is cured of the prostate cancer that sidelined him almost two years ago and that there is a slim chance it could recur in the next decade, The New York Times said Sunday in a report based on interviews with the Democratic presidential nominee and several of his physicians.
Serbia Prodded to Face War Crimes Issues (AP) AP - Chief U.N. war crimes prosecutor Carla Del Ponte, international law experts and human rights activists gathered in Belgrade on Friday to review Serbia's shortcomings in dealing with war crimes committed during the 1990s Balkan conflicts.
U.S.-Led Forces Tighten Grip, Draw Complaints  SAMARRA, Iraq (Reuters) - U.S.-led forces tightened their  grip on a rebel-held city on Sunday in the first step of a  campaign to take back all of Iraq but drew complaints about the  cost in lives and suffering.
Sharon Vows to Expand Gaza Raid, Toll Tops 50  GAZA (Reuters) - Israeli leader Ariel Sharon vowed on  Sunday to widen an offensive into Gaza which has killed over 50  Palestinians until militants stop firing rockets that have  fueled criticism of his plan to quit the occupied strip.
Turkey Says EU 'Homework Done,' Green Light Ahead  BERLIN (Reuters) - Turkey declared that it had fulfilled  all the political criteria for membership talks with the  European Union on Sunday, three days before a recommendation  from the EU's executive that will give Ankara a green light.
India Vows to Flush Out Northeast Rebels  GUWAHATI, India (Reuters) - Indian troops prepared to flush  out guerrillas from thick jungles of Assam on Sunday after a  fresh wave of bombs ripped through streets and marketplaces  killing four people and wounding 40, officials said.
Nationalists Strong in Bosnia Poll Count  SARAJEVO (Reuters) - Bosnia's main Muslim, Serb and Croat  nationalist parties were ahead in local polls, partial results  showed on Sunday, but voter turnout fell below 50 percent for  the first time.
Martin #39;s legs carry Jets They #39;ll remember Chad Pennington for that renegade scramble into harm #39;s way, risking that suspect shoulder on a torrid third-down tear deep into Texans #39; territory.
Blast hits Thai fireworks factory An explosion at a fireworks factory in central Thailand kills at least 14 people and injures several others.
2000 troops amass to stop Gaza rockets A view shows Gaza from an Israeli guard tower at the border area of the Gaza strip and the Jewish settelment of Nissanit. Photo: AFP.
Berdych Wins First ATP Title in Sicily (AP) AP - Tomas Berdych of the Czech Republic captured his first ATP title, defeating Filippo Volandri of Italy 6-3, 6-3 Sunday at the Campionati Internazionali di Sicilia.
Billy Joel Marries 23-Year-Old Fiancee CENTRE ISLAND, N.Y. - Singer-songwriter Billy Joel married his fiancee, 23-year-old Kate Lee, in a ceremony Saturday at his Long Island mansion, his record label said...
New Separatist Violence Strikes India GAUHATI, India - Suspected separatists bombed a power line, a gas pipeline, a tea plantation and a crowded marketplace in northeastern India on Sunday, intensifying a campaign of violence that has killed more than 50 people and wounded at least 100 over the last two days.    The violence, affecting the states of Nagaland and Assam, was among the deadliest to hit the region, where more than three dozen insurgent groups have been active...
Prosecutors Ready to Wrap Up Peterson Case REDWOOD CITY, Calif. - As they prepare to wrap up their murder case against Scott Peterson in the death of his pregnant wife Laci, even prosecutors have acknowledged their case has at times left jurors scratching their heads...
Wrapping Up the Genesis Crash Site Genesis engineers and scientists have wrapped the crash site of the solar-wind collecting probe, with hopes of recovering mission objectives. A few disk fragments have been sent to California researchers, but NASA scientists are still working in Utah to preserve the bulk of the cargo.
Oil, Profit Reports to Weigh on Stocks  NEW YORK (Reuters) - A new reporting period for company  earnings kicks into gear this week, giving investors a bit of  hard data to chew on, and markets could be volatile if the  price of crude oil stays north of \$50 a barrel.
China in G7 talks CHINA sat down with the world #39;s top financial powers for the first time at the weekend as officials grappled for ways to keep global economic momentum on track in the face of ominously rising oil prices.
Multiplex weighs bid in billions CONSTRUCTION giant Multiplex was assessing at the weekend whether to top Westfield #39;s 585 million (\$1.5 billion) bid for the British property group Chelsfield.
US OKs Emergency Oil Loan to 4th Refinery WASHINGTON - The Energy Department said last week it has approved another emergency oil loan to a refining company to make up for crude supplies disrupted by Hurricane Ivan.
Why put this drug on the market? Merck Labs has pulled Vioxx, their arthritis drug, off the market after discovering during trials the possibility of a link to stroke or heart attack.
Dementieva hits back to win Elena Dementieva fought back from an atrocious start against fellow Russian Elena Bovina to win the Gaz de France Stars tournament in Belgium.
Sven: Beckham stays in charge London - David Beckham will remain as England skipper despite his poor recent form, national coach Sven-Goran Eriksson said on Sunday.
No words can explain outcome Purdue receiver Taylor Stubblefield found inspiration in some comments he read from Notre Dame cornerback Dwight Ellick before Saturday #39;s football game.
Angels shine under huge spotlight The Oakland A #39;s have been problematic for the Anaheim Angels for so many years (think the early  #39;70s, late  #39;80s, and the last few seasons) that you #39;d have thought this was a bigger deal than it was.
Navy officers on porn counts Two Sydney-based Royal Australian Navy officers have been charged by police with possession of child pornography allegedly downloaded from the internet on to a computer on board their ship.
Yahoo #39;s Home Page Gets Functional Facelift Yahoo #39;s Spartan home page will look even less flashy soon, thanks to an upcoming makeover. The Web media giant offered a preview of its redesigned front page Tuesday (www.
Vivisimo Search Engine Clusty Offers More Targeted Search Vivisimo this week unveiled Clusty.com, the first full-service search engine site powered completely by Vivismios breakthrough clustering technology.
Watch this space What are the qualities required of an astronaut? In his marvellous book about the space pioneers, The Right Stuff, Tom Wolfe makes it clear that high on the list are a certain doggedness, combined with a complete lack of imagination.
Hot Gunners shoot clear ENGLISH Premier League champion Arsenal opened a five-point lead at the top of the table after a 4-0 thrashing of Charlton Athletic at Highbury yesterday.
Fahrenhorst elbow an accident, insists Ballack Bayern Munich midfielder Michael Ballack has apologised to Werder Bremen defender Frank Fahrenhorst for breaking his nose with a stray elbow in Bayern #39;s 2-1 win on Saturday, but stressed there was no intent.
Solberg maintains late title rally Petter Solberg of Norway drove his Subaru to victory in the Rally of Italy in Sardinia on Sunday to keep alive his slim chances of retaining the world title.
Toseland Wins WSB Crown Fila Ducatis James Toseland won the 2004 World Superbike Championship by finishing second, one place ahead of teammate Regis Laconi in the final round at Magny-Cours.
Violence sweeps northeastern India GUWAHATI, India: At least 46 people died and 118 were wounded in India #39;s northeast in one of the deadliest waves of violence in the insurgency-infested region in years.
Afghan forces arrest 15 Taliban fighters Afghan security forces backed by US helicopter gunships stormed a Taliban safe house, killing one man and capturing 15 others, in an attempt to curb attacks ahead of this weeks presidential election, officials said on Sunday.
ETA Suspects Held in France, Spain Police detained 21 suspects, including an ETA leader, and seized a large arms cache on Sunday in a sweep against the Basque guerrilla group in France and Spain, officials said.
IRA Would Disarm if N.Irish Deal Is Struck - Adams Gerry Adams, leader of the Irish Republican Army #39;s (IRA) political ally Sinn Fein, signaled on Sunday that the guerrilla group was ready to give up its arms, but only if a new Northern Ireland peace deal can be struck.
Arthritis sufferers at a loss Arthritis sufferers across South Africa have been inundating call centres and pharmacists in the wake of the shock withdrawal of their medication by the manufacturers of the most widely used drug treating the disease.
Ex-Air Force buyer sentenced in scam Darleen Druyun, who was leaving to join Boeing, gets nine months for sweetening tanker deal. ALEXANDRIA, Va., (Reuters) - The former No.
IRA Would Disarm if N.Irish Deal Is Struck - Adams (Reuters) Reuters - Gerry Adams, leader of the Irish\Republican Army's (IRA) political ally Sinn Fein, signaled on\Sunday that the guerrilla group was ready to give up its arms,\but only if a new Northern Ireland peace deal can be struck.
US Court to Decide Sentencing, Death Penalty Cases (Reuters) Reuters - The U.S. Supreme Court begins a new\term on Monday that will decide important cases on federal\sentencing rules, the death penalty for juveniles and the\medical use of marijuana.
Israel to expand deadly offensive PRIME Minister Ariel Sharon said yesterday Israel would expand its deadliest Gaza offensive in four years, keeping troops in the area indefinitely.
Pope declares controversial figures blessed Pope John Paul has declared two controversial figures blessed - the last stage of beatification before sainthood. One of them is Emperor Karl of Austria, a devout Catholic, who has been criticised for authorising 
US Firms Look Ahead To Emissions Cuts Overseas On Thursday, as news was leaking out that Russia was likely to ratify the Kyoto global warming treaty, a group of US business executives was discussing climate policy as they lunched on chicken and avocado sandwiches in Washington #39;s St.
IRA Would Disarm if N.Irish Deal Is Struck - Adams  BELFAST (Reuters) - Gerry Adams, leader of the Irish  Republican Army's (IRA) political ally Sinn Fein, signaled on  Sunday that the guerrilla group was ready to give up its arms,  but only if a new Northern Ireland peace deal can be struck.
Cal angry, frustrated after Texas takes Rose Bowl spot BERKELEY, Calif. California refused to run up the score or beg for poll votes. Maybe the Bears should have. Cal was left out of the Bowl Championship Series.
Iran to attend Iraq poll meeting Iran says it will take part in a US-sponsored conference on election plans for Iraq due to be held in Cairo next month.
Pope Beatifies Emperor, Nun, Three Others VATICAN CITY - Pope John Paul II on Sunday moved five Catholics closer to sainthood, including Austria's last reigning emperor and a German nun whose graphic visions of Christ's suffering helped inspire the blockbuster movie "The Passion of the Christ."   Cheers went up in St. Peter's Square from a crowd of about 30,000 people when the pontiff finished reading the Latin words with which he beatified the five candidates, and banners with their images were unfurled on the facade of St...
In Sadr City, Stalking the Enemy Lair American soldiers venture out of their bases into dangerous streets, confronting myriad of  unseen risks.
SpaceShipOne Set for Historic 2nd Flight Monday LOS ANGELES (AFP) -- The world's first private manned spacecraft will make its second space flight in five days Monday in the final stage of its attempt to win a 10 million USD prize, organisers said.       SpaceShipOne is scheduled to take off at around 7:00 am (1400 GMT) and blast out of the earth's atmosphere just over an hour later in its quest for the Ansari X Prize purse, aimed at spurring a new era of commercial space travel...
Fresh Blasts Rock Northeast India Suspected separatists bombed a crowded market, a tea plantation and other sites Sunday, killing seven people in a second day of explosions and gun attacks that have left at least 57 dead and more than 100 wounded in northeast India.
After Long Hiatus, Iraqi Airways Back in Skies The Boeing 737 banked sharply to the left as it roared into the sky from Baghdad International Airport. The pilot, Adel Aldoori, cupped his hand to block the sun and scanned the ground from the tiny cockpit window.
Oil Prices Generate Winners and Losers With crude oil prices pushing to above \$50 per barrel, the world is dividing into camps of winners and losers.
Fujimori Accounts Hold Millions of Dollars -- Peru &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; LIMA, Peru (Reuters) - Former Peruvian President AlbertoFujimori's bank accounts contain millions of dollars, much morethan he could earn and potential proof that he stole large sumsof state money during his 10-year rule, a Supreme Court judgesaid on Saturday.&lt;/p&gt;
Vioxx Withdrawal Raises Concern About FDA By DIEDTRA HENDERSON     WASHINGTON (AP) -- Americans should feel reasonably safe taking government-approved prescription drugs - with a few caveats - even after a popular arthritis medication was pulled from the market, medical experts say. But the problems with Vioxx raise questions about the Food and Drug Administration's safety review process and the length of time it took Merck to pull the drug, observers say...
Some Scientists are Looking to Fat for Stem Cells Fat is a little-discussed source of stem cells, those versatile biological building blocks that can morph into a variety of tissues. However, fat-derived stem cells, researchers say, might someday provide replacement tissue for treating such conditions as Parkinson's disease, heart attacks, heart failure and bone defects.
Els Sweats Out American Express Victory (AP) AP - The majors over, Ernie Els got a consolation prize Sunday by capturing his first World Golf Championship. Els outlasted Thomas Bjorn in a brilliantly played duel at Mount Juliet, making a 6-foot birdie on the 17th hole for a cushion he desperately needed and closing with a 3-under 69 to win the American Express Championship by one shot.
Dementieva Beats Bovina in France (AP) AP - Top-seeded Elena Dementieva won the last five games to come back and beat Elena Bovina 0-6, 6-0, 6-4 Sunday in the WTA Tour's latest all-Russian final to win the Gaz de France Stars tournament.
Kovalainen surprises at Race of Champions In the off season, it is for most F1 and racing fans, a long time with no racing action. The Race of Champions gives the fans a little breath.
IMF, World Bank Warn of Imbalances Although the economy as a whole is in its best shape in three decades, improved growth is threatened by disparities between wealthy nations and the developing world as well as rising oil prices.
Bjorn challenges but falls shorts THOMASTOWN, Ireland -- Ernie Els held off a strong challenge from playing partner Thomas Bjorn to win the American Express Championship by one shot Sunday.
Blast hits Thai fireworks factory An explosion at a fireworks factory in central Thailand has killed at least 14 people and injured several others. It completely destroyed the factory in the city of Ayutthaya, about 70km (44 miles) north of Bangkok, and damaged nearby houses.
Two bodies found in Iraq THE unidentified bodies of a decapitated man and a woman who died of bullet wounds have been found south of the Iraqi capital, hospital officials said today.
Snow: U.S. Backs Sweeping Debt Relief  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Treasury Secretary John Snow  repeated on Sunday the Bush administration would support  complete debt relief for the poorest countries and said details  of how to implement a plan could be worked out.
Vivisimo Search Engine Clusty Offers More Targeted Search Vivisimo Search Engine Clusty Offers More Targeted Search\\Vivisimo this week unveiled Clusty.com, the first full-service search engine site powered completely by Vivismio's breakthrough clustering technology. Instead of simply presenting long lists of results, Clusty.com groups search results into folder topics, giving users a quick overview of the main themes in ...
Cisco Names CRS-1 Users SAN JOSE, Calif. -- Cisco Systems, Inc. (Nasdaq:CSCO - News), today announced that several global carriers and research networks are now deploying and trialing the Cisco CRS-1 Carrier Routing System as a key 
ArtinSoft tackles database migration Application migration specialist ArtinSoft is planning tools to smooth customers #39; transition from Oracle to Microsoft Corp #39;s SQL Server.
IBM Says Blue Gene Breaks Speed Record IBM Corp. claimed unofficial bragging rights Tuesday as owner of the world #39;s fastest supercomputer. For three years running, the fastest supercomputer has been NEC #39;s Earth Simulator in Japan.
Arsenal expose England #39;s soft underbelly ARE Arsenal truly the Invincibles or are we merely witnessing the breakdown of what is laughably called the best football league in Europe?
Latham behind on security but making up ground WHEN it comes to national security as an election issue, John Howard still leads Mark Latham by a wide margin as preferred prime minister.
14 dead in Thailand fireworks fire A massive explosion at a fireworks factory in central Thailand has killed 14 people, including a 4-year-old boy, and injured two others, a police official said.
Tourists Await Mount St. Helens Eruption (AP) AP - Thousands of tourists spent hours gazing at Mount St. Helens, packing buildings, crowding parking lots and watching from roadsides to see what the rumbling mountain would do next.
Electronic Data Reaches Pact With Navy Information technology company Electronic Data Systems Corp. on Friday said it reached a modified agreement for a Navy Marine Corps intranet contract, effective immediately.
Israeli airstrike kills militant in Jabalya A Palestinian militant was killed Sunday afternoon by an Israeli army missile in eastern Jabalya refugee camp in northern Gaza, Palestinian medics and witnesses reported.
Al-Baradai in S Korea The head of the UN nuclear watchdog has said he is aware nuclear experiments South Korea has conducted were small, but noted his agency needs to make sure they will not be repeated.
Ahold Sells Spanish Business to Permira for 685 Million Euros Royal Ahold NV, the food retailer that owns the US Giant chain, agreed to sell its Spanish business to Permira funds for 685 million euros (\$851 million).
Manhunt game banned THE federal Office of Film and Literature Classification has refused to classify controversial game Manhunt, banning it from sale in Australia.
Valencia Held But Stay on Top Valencia maintained their place at the top of the Primera Liga as they had to settle for a share of the spoils against Real Betis but by the end of the weekend they may be toppled from the summit.
UEFA threatens Austria-Switzerland over Euro 2008 European soccer #39;s governing body threatened to remove the 2008 European Championships from hosts Austria and Switzerland, citing the Swiss for failing to build a new stadium in Zurich.
18 Terror Suspects Nabbed in France Sting Two of Spain #39;s most wanted alleged terrorists and at least 16 other suspected members of the armed Basque separatist group ETA were captured Sunday in a vast French-Spanish police operation, authorities said.
9.3 economic growth for China in 2004 expected A World Bank expert said the year 2004 is going to be a good year for China as the country #39;s economy will grow rapidly with higher-than 
Kerry, Bush move focus to economy, jobs, taxes As the presidential campaign enters its final month, Sen. John Kerry and President Bush on Saturday offered starkly different views of the economy in a deliberate shift from Iraq.
Parents should censor games - expert Otago University computer science lecturer and games expert Simon McCallum is urging parents to pay more attention to the ratings classifications on computer games, many of which, he says, are aimed at adults.
Enter the ultimate ego trip BACK in 1959, the seven men chosen to be the first Americans in space were trained on what Nasa called airborne microgravity missions.
Embassy bombing girl to go home to Italy A 5-year-old girl who was taken to Singapore for treatment after being critically wounded in the Australian Embassy bombing in Indonesia will be flown home to Italy.
CANAS TRIUMPHS IN SHANGHAI Argentina #39;s Guillermo Canas had an easy time winning the final of the Heineken Open in Shanghai. Canas, the No. 3 seed, rolled to his third ATP tournament win this season with a 6-1 6-0 straight-sets victory over Lars Burgsmuller of Germany.
Kirui, Sun win world half-marathon titles Kenya #39;s Paul Kirui won the world half-marathon title Sunday, capping a year in which he also captured 13.1-mile races in Rome and Berlin.
Smith saves United blushes Alan Smith netted his sixth goal of the season to earn Manchester United a precious point against Middlesbrough at Old Trafford. Boro looked certain to record a Premiership win against the Red Devils for the 
Kerry sharpens economic rhetoric Buoyed by postdebate polls &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; ORLANDO, Fla. - Bolstered by evidence the presidential race is turning his way, John Kerry yesterday outlined a new campaign phase - casting President Bush as a pal of the rich, himself as the friend of the middle class.
Eriksson tips Ferdinand as potential captain England coach Sven-Goran Eriksson tipped Rio Ferdinand as a future captain on Saturday ahead of the Manchester United defender #39;s return to the national squad.
Blair  #39;feeling fine #39; as he goes for heart op Tony Blair was today admitted to Hammersmith Hospital for treatment on a recurring heart condition. The Prime Minister said he felt  quot;fine quot; as he left Downing Street for the London hospital.
Gaddafi asked to help save hostage THE family of British engineer Kenneth Bigley, held hostage in Iraq for more than two weeks, has asked Libyan leader Muammar Gadaffi to help secure his release, they said today.
Jakarta blast: Manny #39;s amazing recovery THREE weeks ago, photographs of an unconscious Elisabeth Musu bleeding from her wounds were flashed around the world. Yesterday afternoon, the survivor of last month #39;s Jakarta bomb blast smiled for the camera 
Cal takes no prisoners, wins 49-7 Saturdays 49-7 loss to No. 10 California evoked memories of an era that Beavers fans would like to forget - a 28-year span of futility from 1971-98 when OSU failed to have a winning season.
Smiths in talks to buy US medical device co Medex for nearly \$1B LONDON (AFX) - Smiths Group PLC, the UK aerospace-to-medical-products maker, is in advanced talks to buy US healthcare group Medex for close to 1 bln usd (517 mln stg) the Sunday Telegraph reported without citing its source.
Stocks Seen Flat at Open; Oil Edging Up US stocks look to open flat on Monday as investors pause after a busy week on Wall Street, with oil prices ticking higher and the dollar still hovering near record lows.
Nigerian rebel leader reaches out to rival in troubled oil region (AFP) AFP - Nigerian rebel leader Mujahid Dokubo Asari assured his arch rival in the battle for the control of oil resources in the Niger Delta, Ateke Tom that he was ready to make peace.
Nuclear sanctions jar improving U.S.-India ties (Reuters) Reuters - A decision by the Bush administration to sanction two top Indian scientists for nuclear cooperation with Iran highlighted the risks of improving U.S. relations with the South Asian power.
Drought Aid Colors S.D. Senate Race (AP) AP - How political can it be for Congress to help farmers and ranchers suffering from a drought? Judge by the television viewing habits of Sen. George Allen of Virginia, who heads the Senate's Republican campaign operation.
UN transfers war crimes case to Serbian court: Del Ponte (AFP) AFP - Chief UN war crimes prosecutor Carla Del Ponte said that the UN court investigating atrocities in the former Yugoslavia had transferred a case to Serbian prosecutors for the first time.
Iraqis Flee Fighting in Samarra by River Boats  SAMARRA, Iraq (Reuters) - Waving white flags, Iraqis fled  the city of Samarra on river boats on Sunday as U.S. forces  claimed victory over insurgents in the first step of an  offensive aimed at taking control of rebel-held cities.
Sharon Vows to Expand Gaza Raid, Toll Hits 55  GAZA (Reuters) - Israeli leader Ariel Sharon vowed on  Sunday to widen an offensive into Gaza which has killed 55  Palestinians until militants stop firing rockets that have  fueled criticism of his plan to quit the occupied strip.
At HSBC, Eldon plans departure HSBC Holdings, Europe #39;s biggest bank by market value, said Monday that David Eldon would retire as chairman of Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corp.
UK Terror Suspects Were Building Dirty Bomb - Time  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - British terror suspects arrested in  August were trying to construct a dirty bomb and planned to  attack targets in London, including the Heathrow Express  airport rail line, Time magazine reported.
Rebels Launch New Attacks in India's Northeast  GUWAHATI, India (Reuters) - Suspected separatist rebels set  off a string of fresh bomb blasts in northeastern India on  Sunday, bringing the death toll in a weekend of violence to 56.
Brazil Ruling Party Seeks Stronger Hand from Poll  SAO PAULO, Brazil (Reuters) - Brazil's ruling Worker's  Party (PT) was looking to strengthen its hand in its fight to  transform this huge Latin American country with a good  performance in nationwide municipal elections on Sunday.
Iran's parliament sacks minister Iran's conservative-dominated parliament votes to sack Transport Minister Ahmad Khorram.
U.S. and Iraqi Forces Scour Samarra for Holdouts U.S. and Iraqi forces scoured Samarra for holdouts today after reclaiming control of the city from Sunni militants in fierce fighting that won praise for Iraqi troops.
Els Sweats Out American Express Victory THOMASTOWN, Ireland - The majors over, Ernie Els got a consolation prize Sunday by capturing his first World Golf Championship. Els outlasted Thomas Bjorn in a brilliantly played duel at Mount Juliet, making a 6-foot birdie on the 17th hole for a cushion he desperately needed and closing with a 3-under 69 to win the American Express Championship by one shot...
Karzai Accepts Award Ahead of Election KABUL, Afghanistan - Afghan President Hamid Karzai left for Germany Sunday to receive an award, his office said, just six days before his war-plagued nation will hold its first-ever direct presidential election.    The one-day trip had been previously announced, but the timing couldn't help but raise eyebrows as thousands of Afghan and international workers feverishly struggle to prepare for the Oct...
Sharon: Israel Will Expand Gaza Offensive JEBALIYA REFUGEE CAMP, Gaza Strip - Prime Minister Ariel Sharon vowed Sunday to expand Israel's deadliest offensive in Gaza in four years and to stay as long as needed to stop Palestinian rocket fire as renewed attacks from the air and on the ground killed seven more Palestinians.    The latest killings brought the Palestinian death toll to 59 since Thursday...
Rice Defends Characterization of Saddam WASHINGTON - National security adviser Condoleezza Rice on Sunday defended her characterization of Saddam Hussein's nuclear capabilities in the months before the Iraq invasion, even as a published report said government experts had cast doubt at the time.    In the run-up to the March 2003 war, Rice said in a television interview in 2002 that the Iraqi president was trying to obtain high-strength aluminum tubes to rebuild his nuclear weapons program...
Brazil Ruling Party Seeks Stronger Hand from Poll &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; By Angus MacSwan&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; SAO PAULO, Brazil (Reuters) - Brazil's ruling Worker'sParty (PT) was looking to strengthen its hand in its fight totransform this huge Latin American country with a goodperformance in nationwide municipal elections on Sunday.&lt;/p&gt;
Women #39;s Tennis: Dementieva Defeats Bovina at Gaz de France Stars &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Top-seeded Elena Dementieva rallied from 4-1 down in the third set to defeat number-three Elena Bovina 0-6, 6-0, 6-4 in an all-Russian final at the Gaz de France Stars tennis tournament in Hasselt, Belgium.
Swiss Chided for Lack of Euro 2008 Stadium (AP) AP - European soccer's governing body threatened to remove the 2008 European Championships from hosts Austria and Switzerland, citing the Swiss for failing to build a new stadium in Zurich.
Verplank Will Play in World Cup (AP) AP - Scott Verplank had to wait six years, but he finally gets to play in the World Cup. At No. 21 in the world, Verplank is the highest-ranked American who accepted a chance to represent the United States in the two-man team competition involving 24 countries. Nine other players, from Tiger Woods to Todd Hamilton, declined to play.
Els Enjoys New Lease of Life with Mount Juliet Win  THOMASTOWN, Ireland (Reuters) - A maiden World Golf  Championship victory at the WGC-American Express Championship  on Sunday proved to Ernie Els that he is firmly on track after  a disappointing year.
Frustrated Woods Leaves Ireland as World No. 3  THOMASTOWN, Ireland (Reuters) - Tiger Woods ended a  frustrating week at the WGC-American Express Championship on  Sunday without a strokeplay title to defend for the first time  since turning professional in 1996.
Redskins Tied, 3-3 The Redskins and Browns have traded field goals and are tied, 3-3, in the first quarter in Cleveland.
Nationalists Leading Bosnian Elections 3 October 2004 -- Election officials in Bosnia say the country #39;s main Muslim, Serb, and Croat nationalist parties were leading as results for yesterday #39;s local elections came in.
Fund looks at debt relief plan The International Monetary Fund agreed to keep studying the possibility of revaluing its gold reserves as a way to raise money for debt-relief programs, Britain #39;s Chancellor of the Exchequer, Gordon Brown, said.
Vivisimo Launches Clusty to Provide Efficient Search Services to &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; No doubt, Google and Yahoo! are great search engines. Google is great in speed and straightforward search results, while Yahoo! excels in integration of services.
Solar dust salvaged from fallen capsule The United States space agency Nasa has salvaged precious solar dust from the \$260-million Genesis capsule that crashed to Earth three weeks ago.
Soccer: Saviour Smith upstages Rooney MANCHESTER, England : Alan Smith climbed off the bench to upstage Wayne Rooney and snatch another late goal to spare the blushes of Manchester United at Old Trafford in a 1-1 draw with Middlesbrough.
Racing: Bago nails the Arc PARIS : Bago handed the Niarchos Family their first ever Prix de l #39;Arc de Triomphe here at Longchamp racecourse in stunning style.
France #39;s Trezeguet may need shoulder operation Juventus striker David Trezeguet may have to undergo an operation on a troublesome shoulder injury and could face a four month layoff, his coach Fabio Capello said on Sunday.
Pope Beatifies Emperor, Nun, Three Others VATICAN CITY Oct. 3, 2004 - Pope John Paul II on Sunday honored two figures linked to controversy, beatifying a German mystic whose violent visions of Christ #39;s suffering helped inspire Mel Gibson #39;s  quot;The 
Iran Rejects Kerry #39;s Nuclear Proposal Iran has dismissed a proposal by US presidential candidate John Kerry, that Tehran be provided nuclear fuel if it agrees to give up its fuel-making capabilities.
Iraq Parties Join Forces to Avert Defeat (AP) AP - In the months before the invasion of Iraq, the United States groomed exiled opposition groups as the nucleus of a future government to replace Saddam Hussein. Now with elections approaching, the parties still enjoy little support among ordinary Iraqis who view them as corrupt puppets of Washington.
Bigley: Gaddafi to help London - Members of Libyan leader Muammar Gaddafi #39;s family have pledged to support efforts to free British hostage Kenneth Bigley, his brother claims.
Missile defence, just a hiccup in U.S., takes on political life in Canada (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - OTTAWA (CP) - Ballistic missile defence, a mere political hiccup south of the border even in an American presidential year, is showing surprising strength as a topic of public debate in Canada.
Bush, Kerry on Issue of Minimum Wage (AP) AP - Three times a week, The Associated Press picks an issue and asks President Bush and Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry a question about it. Today's question and responses:
Turkey Says EU 'Homework Done,' Green Light Ahead  BERLIN (Reuters) - Turkey declared it had fulfilled all the  political criteria for membership talks with the European Union  on Sunday, three days before a recommendation from the EU's  executive that will give Ankara a green light.
Tennis: Spain grinds US into the clay SEVILLE, Spain It was not quite what Carlos Moy missed the first time. The setting was not his former home city of Barcelona but the capital of the Spanish region of Andalusia.
U.S. and Iraqi Forces Complete Takeover of Samarra U.S. forces said they are beginning the second phase of the operation, turning the city over to Iraqi police and military forces.
Clemens to Miss Start With Virus HOUSTON - Roger Clemens was scratched from Houston's critical regular-season finale against the Colorado Rockies on Sunday after coming down with a stomach virus, missing a chance to help the Astros clinch the NL's wild-card spot.    With a victory over the Rockies or a San Francisco loss at Los Angeles, Houston would clinch the final playoff spot...
Southwest Considers DFW Move Low-cost carrier Southwest Airlines on Friday said it was examining a move into Dallas/Fort Worth Airport, the main base for American Airlines, which would be dealt a blow if the move happened.
Penalties unlikely to rein in Microsoft Penalties imposed on Microsoft by the European Union are unlikely to rein in the software giant and could result in higher costs for other software developers, regulators said on Friday.
Clemens to Miss Start With Virus (AP) AP - Roger Clemens was scratched from Houston's critical regular-season finale against the Colorado Rockies on Sunday after coming down with a stomach virus, missing a chance to help the Astros clinch the NL's wild-card spot.
Trinidad Is Back, and Looking for Hopkins (AP) AP - Felix Trinidad doesn't believe in tuneup fights. His comeback after more than two years of retirement was a doozy, and now he wants the biggest name out there, Bernard Hopkins. After Trinidad knocked out Ricardo Mayorga in the eighth round Saturday night, completing a scintillating performance before a raucous crowd, he turned his attention to the only man who has beaten him.
Season over for Clijsters Belgian Kim Clijsters will spend the rest of the season on the sidelines because of a new injury to her wrist. The 21-year-old injured her left wrist at the Belgian Open but doctors said it is not as serious 
Maria Zambrano top Canadian at half-marathon worlds CBC SPORTS ONLINE - Calgary #39;s Maria Zambrano posted the best Canadian result at the 2004 world half-marathon championships Sunday in New Dehli with a 40th-place showing.
Schwarzer heroics could spark Old Trafford move Australian international goalkeeper Mark Schwarzer increased his chances of a move to Manchester United with an inspired display to earn Middlesbrough a deserved 1-1 draw at Old Trafford.
Clijsters Sidelined Until 2005  BRUSSELS (Reuters) - Kim Clijsters will be out of action  for the rest of the season but does not need more surgery on  her wrist after suffering an injury in the Belgian Open.
Clemens to Miss Start With Virus Roger Clemens was scratched from Houston's critical regular-season finale against the Colorado Rockies on Sunday after coming down with a stomach virus, missing a chance to help the Astros clinch the NL's wild-card spot.
Westfield battles for control property giant The battle for the British-based Chelsfield plc hotted up at the weekend, with reports from London that the property giant #39;s management was working on its own bid to thwart the 585 million (\$A1.
IMF Group Fails to Reach Concensus on Debt Relief Program The 24 member policy making group of the International Monetary Fund met Saturday in Washington and failed to reach consensus on implementing a more generous debt relief program for the world #39;s poorest countries.
Coming to a PC Near You I love movies, but I #39;d rather eat stale popcorn than wait in line at Blockbuster. So I joined Movielink and Starz Ticket on Real Movies.
Funk seizes lead in Mississippi Fred Funk shot an eight-under par 64 to seize a one-stroke lead after the third round of the US PGA Tour Southern Farm Bureau Classic in Madison, Mississippi.
BAGO BLASTS BACK FOR ARC GLORY Bago restored the lustre to his reputation with a sensational return to form in the Prix de l #39;Arc de Triomphe Lucien Barriere at Longchamp today.
Canas wins Shanghai title Argentina #39;s Guillermo Canas won his third title of the year Sunday with a 6-1, 6-0 rout of Germany #39;s Lars Burgsmuller at the Shanghai Open.
Europe should understand the mood in Iran: FM spokesman TEHRAN (MNA) -- The Europeans should understand the mood in Iran and move in the direction of recognizing Irans legitimate right to the peaceful use of nuclear energy through mutual respect and understanding, Foreign Ministry spokesman Hamid-Reza Asefi 
Nigeria: Rebel talks continue Lagos - Nigeria #39;s President Olusegun Obasanjo will continue talks with rebels of the oil-rich Niger Delta in order to restore peace in the region, the presidential office said Sunday.
Rights groups protest terror detentions Hundreds of human rights campaigners have held a vigil outside a prison to protest against Britain #39;s detention without trial of 11 foreign terror suspects.
Search Engine News This Week - Clusty, Yahoo, and MSN Search Engine News Weekly Report - Clusty, Yahoo, and MSN\\The end of September and beginning of October has seen some changes in search engine news and the addition of a new search engine into the second tier search mix - Clusty. Additionally, MSN is planning on including search in their ...
Space Station Oxygen Supply Fails The main oxygen generator for the international space station has failed, and the two astronauts on board may have to tap into an attached cargo ship #39;s air supply next week, NASA said Thursday.
Tennis: Dementieva clinches first title of season HASSELT, Belgium : Russian top seed Elena Dementieva won her first title of 2004 with a 0-6, 6-0, 6-4 victory against compatriot Elena Bovina in the final of the 170,000-dollar tournament.
Solberg wins first WRC event in Sardinia. Subaru team leader Petter Solberg has won the Rally Italia Sardinia today Sunday, dominating the event from the outset, and eventually taking the honours by 2 minutes 7.9 seconds.
Sharon says troops will stay in Gaza until rocket attacks on &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Prime Minister Ariel Sharon pledged Sunday to escalate a broad Israeli offensive into northern Gaza, saying troops will remain in the area until Palestinian rocket attacks are halted.
Microsoft Entering the Anti-Spyware Market Microsoft Entering the Anti-Spyware Market\\Microsoft decided to enter the Anti-Virus market sometime back when they bought Romanian antivirus firm GeCad in 2003. And they have been testing the application privately since sometime. No details are out on when and how they will release it. And now, they are contemplating entering ...
Kerry rolls out tax-cut plan for middle class After two weeks of focusing on Iraq, Democratic presidential challenger John Kerry turned his emphasis to the economy Saturday, delivering what he called a plan for  quot;middle-class families.
NASA delays shuttle #39;s spring 2005 launch date HOUSTON NASA has put off the first shuttle flight since the Columbia disaster because hurricanes postponed work on new safety measures.
Observing the Moon in Shadow On the evening of Oct. 27, North America will enjoy a total lunar eclipse, according to Fred Espenak, an astronomer at NASA #39;s Goddard Space Flight Center in Greenbelt.
Twins win suspended game quickly com. Michael Cuddyer #39;s RBI double in the bottom of the 12th scored Jason Bartlett to give Minnesota a 6-5 victory Sunday over the Indians during the completion of Saturday #39;s suspended game.
UPDATE 2-Ferdinand, Rooney and Campbell back for England Rio Ferdinand, Wayne Rooney and Sol Campbell returned to the England fold as coach Sven-Goran Eriksson named his squad on Sunday for World Cup qualifiers against Wales and Azerbaijan.
Northwestern ends 33 years of frustration with victory over &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; It was bad enough when Northwestern receiver Mark Philmore said Ohio State was no better than the Wildcats, conveniently overlooking all that tradition and those four national titles.
Qualcomm Buys Spike To help meet demand for 3G CDMA devices, Qualcomm has snapped up Spike Technologies, a chip design company. Qualcomm will pay \$19 million in cash for the entity and its affiliated companies.
Livewire: Craigslist Thrives on Service, Profits (Reuters) Reuters - It began about a decade ago as an\e-mail newsletter from Craig telling friends about upcoming\events in San Francisco, and grew so popular it is now a\full-fledged online community with information on jobs,\apartments, even dating.
PluggedIn: DVD Lagging TV in Recorders Race (Reuters) Reuters - DVD recorders are getting cheaper and\easier to use, but that may not be enough to spark demand for\the sluggish selling devices.
Petter Solberg Claims Victory at Rally of Italy Petter Solberg of Norway won his third straight rally as he drove his Subaru to victory at the Rally of Italy in Sardinia. The win kept alive his fading chances of retaining the world title.
PluggedIn: DVD Lagging TV in Recorders Race  NEW YORK (Reuters) - DVD recorders are getting cheaper and  easier to use, but that may not be enough to spark demand for  the sluggish selling devices.
IPO Outlook Muted (Reuters) Reuters - The U.S. IPO market's first-half\revival from last year's moribund levels turned into a summer\of discontent for many eager companies trying to tap the public\markets.
Snow: U.S. Backs Sweeping Debt Relief (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. Treasury Secretary John Snow\repeated on Sunday the Bush administration would support\complete debt relief for the poorest countries and said details\of how to implement a plan could be worked out.
PeopleSoft cans CEO Conway, appoints founder Duffield On Friday, PeopleSoft announced the Board of Directors #39; decision to terminate Craig Conway as President and CEO of the Company, effective immediately.
More petrol price rises feared Another round of petrol price rises could be looming after crude oil prices hit the \$US50 a barrel mark over the weekend. Oil prices are at their highest in more than 20 years due to supply concerns in Nigeria 
New EU Research Chief Open to Stem Cell Research (Reuters) Reuters - The harvesting of stem cells from\human embryos will continue to be funded by the EU, the\incoming European Union research chief said on Friday, vowing\to keep an open mind while taking ethical views into account.
Sudan ready to sign peace deal with south: Beshir (AFP) AFP - Sudanese President Omar al-Beshir said he was ready to sign a peace deal with southern rebels and that he did not want to govern the country alone.
Federal briefing note says Ottawa, not Winnipeg, best place for health agency (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - OTTAWA (CP) - Canada's new public health agency should have been headquartered in Ottawa to avoid the problems the United States experienced when it located its own agency away from Washington, D.C., says a Health Canada briefing note.
Bush campaign on defensive amid new questions on prewar Iraq intelligence (AFP) AFP - Already scrambling to make up ground lost after last week's debate, US President George W. Bush's campaign was forced further on the defensive by a report that the White House knew before invading Iraq that key intelligence on the country's alleged nuclear weapons program was questionable.
Italy deports island immigrants Italy begins deporting immigrants directly from the island of Lampedusa, the first port of call for boats from North Africa.
Afghanistan Death Toll in 2004 Up to 957 KANDAHAR, Afghanistan - The killing in Afghanistan spirals onward, undermining U.S. claims of success in pacifying the country with less than a week to go before an historic experiment with democracy - direct presidential elections...
'Shark Tale' Hooks Movie-Goers With \$49.1M LOS ANGELES - The animated fish story "Shark Tale" swamped the competition, opening as the top weekend movie with \$49.1 million and potentially breaking the record for best October debut. John Travolta and Joaquin Phoenix's firefighting adventure "Ladder 49" premiered in second place with \$22.8 million, according to studio estimates Sunday...
Sun Edge Liberty to Reach WNBA Finals UNCASVILLE, Conn. - The Connecticut Sun reached the WNBA Finals for the first time by beating the New York Liberty 60-57 Sunday behind Taj McWilliams-Franklin's 18 points to complete a two-game sweep of the Eastern Conference finals...
Militant Attacks in India Claim 57 Lives GAUHATI, India - Militants bombed utilities, a tea plantation and a crowded marketplace in northeastern India on Sunday, intensifying violence that has killed 57 people in two days and snarling efforts to bring cease-fires in a region where dozens of ethnic rebel groups are fighting for separate homelands.    At least 17 bombings and shootings were carried out over the weekend in Nagaland and Assam states...
Fastow may appear in barge trial HOUSTON Former Enron finance chief Andrew Fastow isn #39;ta defendant or a prosecution witness in the first criminal trial to emerge from the energy company #39;s crash -- but he could be called to testify.
Next hit: double-digit insurance hikes As owner of a beachfront home in Hernando County, Cheryl Labbe has gotten used to rising rates for her homeowners #39; insurance. During Florida #39;s four-hurricane barrage, letters 
Big Upsets Shake Up AP Football Poll (AP) AP - For the first time this season, The Associated Press poll received a serious shake-up  #151; just not at the top. Big wins by Auburn, Georgia, California and Purdue, combined with surprising losses by West Virginia, Ohio State and Fresno State helped to overhaul the media poll released Sunday.
Livewire: Craigslist Thrives on Service, Profits It began about a decade ago as an e-mail newsletter from Craig telling friends about upcoming events in San Francisco, and grew so popular it is now a full-fledged 
Total Lunar Eclipse on October 27 October #39;s lunar eclipse is well-placed for North and South America as well as western Europe and Africa. From the United States, the eastern two-thirds of the country will see the entire eclipse (weather permitting).
IBMs Blue Gene/L: Current world topper among computers NEW YORK, OCT 3: Computer major IBM claims it has developed the Blue Gene/L to be the worlds most powerful computer, pushing the current ranker Japans Earth Simulator to the second slot.
Eagles Easily Best Struggling Bears (AP) AP - It's going to take a really good team to stop the red-hot Philadelphia Eagles. Right now, mediocre is a reach for the Chicago Bears.
More Glory for Russia #39;s Tennis Queens Maria Sharapova and Yelena Dementyeva both lifted titles Sunday to underline Russia #39;s domination of the women #39;s game. In Seoul, South Korea, Wimbledon champion Sharapova trounced Marta Domachowska 6-1, 6-1 to win the Korea Open.
Federer thumps Roddick in Thailand Open final CBC SPORTS ONLINE - Swiss star Roger Federer captured his 10th tennis title of the year by defeating Andy Roddick in the Thailand Open final Sunday in Bangkok.
Angels Win 1st Division Title in 18 Years (AP) AP - Sometime during the last several weeks, pitcher Jarrod Washburn began to sense a change in the mood surrounding the Anaheim Angels. Losing was no longer an option.
Oz election: Howards expensive battlers John Howards official election campaign launch in Brisbane - after heavily campaigning for the previous month and arguably all year -as a monstrous bonanza for Howards battlers.
Late Goal Salvages Tie for Man United (AP) AP - Manchester United salvaged a 1-1 tie with Middlesbrough in the Premier League on Sunday on an 81st-minute goal by substitute Alan Smith.
Federer Ties Mark for Consecutive Finals (AP) AP - Top-ranked Roger Federer routed an injured Andy Roddick 6-4, 6-0 Sunday to capture the Thailand Open, joining John McEnroe and Bjorn Borg as the only players to win 12 straight ATP Tour finals in the last 25 years.
Sun Edge Liberty to Reach WNBA Finals The Connecticut Sun reached the WNBA Finals for the first time by beating the New York Liberty 60-57 Sunday behind Taj McWilliams-Franklin's 18 points to complete a two-game sweep of the Eastern Conference finals. McWilliams-Franklin went 1-of-2 at the line with 48 seconds left to give the Sun a 55-54 edge and help deny New York a fifth trip to the championship series.
Devil Rays Top Wins Mark in Beating Tigers The Tampa Bay Devil Rays set a franchise record with their 70th victory, beating the Detroit Tigers 7-4 Sunday behind Matt Diaz and John Halama.
Els Sweats Out American Express Victory Emotionally spent from a Grand Slam season of heartache, Ernie Els reasserted himself as a major force Sunday by outlasting Thomas Bjorn in a brilliantly played duel in the cold rain in the American Express Championship. He closed with a 3-under 69 for a one-shot victory and his first World Golf Championship.
Spain's Freire Wins World Cycling Title Spain's Oscar Freire won the road race at the cycling world championships for the third time Sunday in a sprint finish. He joined Belgium's Eddy Merckx and Rik Van Steenbergen and Italy's Alfredo Binda as the only three-time winners.
Tigers Bringing Back Trammell, Staff Alan Trammell will manage the Detroit Tigers next season. Along with Trammell, the Tigers said Sunday they retained Kirk Gibson (bench), Bob Cluck (pitching), Bruce Fields (hitting), Lance Parrish (bullpen), Juan Samuel (third base) and Mick Kelleher (first base).
No Time Frame for Yuan Move -China  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - There is no time frame for a shift  away from Beijing's tight currency peg and the United States is  mistaken if it thinks it will reap big benefits from a move, a  top Chinese central bank official said on Sunday.
Update 3: Enron Barge Dealmaker Regrets Deal A former in-house Enron Corp. accountant said he was convinced that the energy giant #39;s unofficial promise to buy back several barges sold to Merrill Lynch  amp; Co.
Nomar will consider returning to Cubs Nomar Garciaparra can become a free agent after the World Series and will consider returning to the Chicago Cubs, his team for the final two months this season.
Vatican Set to Beatify Gibson #39;s Passionate Muse Pope John Paul II on Sunday will beatify Sister Anne Catherine Emmerich, a sickly 19th century nun who claimed to have visions that gave her courtside seats at Jesus #39; execution.
Blow to poor states as donors defer debt plan Finance officials failed to resolve their differences over debt relief for the worlds poorest countries and Iraq while expressing concern about the impact high oil prices would have on a strengthening global economy.
Lukoil deal flies in the face of Russia #39;s lost opportunities for &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; A successful bid by ConocoPhillips of the US for 7.96 per cent in Lukoil this week belies a broader sense of disappointment at the size of Russia-bound foreign direct investment (FDI).
SpaceShipOne Bid Seen Opening Space for Business A private space plane is set to shoot beyond Earth #39;s atmosphere for the second time in a week on Monday in a pioneering bid to win a \$10 million prize and prove that space is open for business.
NFL: Philadelphia 19, Chicago 9 Donovan McNabb passed for 237 yards and a touchdown Sunday as the Philadelphia Eagles posted a 19-9 victory over the Chicago Bears.
Seven Killed in New Blasts Suspected separatists bombed a crowded market, a tea plantation and other sites today, killing seven people in a second day of explosions and gun attacks that have left at least 57 dead and more than 100 wounded in northeast India.
Turkish, German leaders confident of EU green light for Ankara Turkey #39;s prime minister expressed confidence that the European Union #39;s executive will recommend opening talks for his Muslim-majority country #39;s membership this week, saying Sunday that admitting Turkey to the union would contribute to  quot;reconciliation 
France, Spain swoop on ETA suspects, arrest separatist group &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; BORDEAUX, France : Anti-terrorist police arrested the political leader of Spain #39;s armed Basque separatist group ETA in raids in France and Spain that resulted in arms caches and other suspected members being seized, officials said.
Mount St. Helens Dates Back 40,000 Years (AP) AP - There has been a volcano on this site for 40,000 years  #151; the youngest and most active peak in a 1,000-mile Cascade Range chain that extends from Mount Garibaldi in Canada to Mount Lassen in Northern California.
Rebel Region Votes in Defiance of Georgia (Reuters) Reuters - The breakaway Georgian region\of Abkhazia defiantly voted for a new president on Sunday,\injecting further tension into relations between Georgia and\its former colonial master Russia.
Els maintains two-shot lead at WGC-American Express Ernie Els was up to the challenge against one European Ryder Cup hero Saturday but will have to fend off three more of them in the final round of the WGC-American Express Championship.
Eriksson recalls Red Devils trio Sven-Goran Eriksson tonight handed Phil Neville an England lifeline as the Manchester United defender joined club team-mates Rio Ferdinand and Wayne Rooney in returning to the England squad.
Blue Jays announcer Cerutti found dead in hotel room John Cerutti, a former Toronto pitcher and current Blue Jays television announcer, was found dead in his hotel room Sunday morning, the team said.
Barber, Shockey score TDs to lead Giants past Packers 14-7 Tiki Barber ran for a 52-yard touchdown and Kurt Warner threw a touchdown pass to Jeremy Shockey to lead the New York Giants past the Green Bay Packers 14-7 on Sunday.
Rice Defends Comments on Iraq Nuke Threat (AP) AP - National security adviser Condoleezza Rice on Sunday defended her characterization of Saddam Hussein's nuclear capabilities in the months before the Iraq invasion, even as a published report said government experts had cast doubt at the time.
Fox New Channel admits reporter posted fake story about Kerry (AFP) AFP - An official at Fox News Channel said that one of its political reporters has been disciplined for posting a fake news item on its website about Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry.
Gaza clash tests withdrawal plan Responding to rocket fire, Israel has escalated strikes on Gaza, killing at least 50 Palestinians.
After squeezing rebels, India's northeast ignites Over the weekend, a series of attacks killed more than 50 people in the states of Nagaland and Assam.
US volcano eruption 'imminent' A tremor at Mount St Helens volcano in the US state of Washington prompts fresh warnings of an eruption.
Manning Leads Colts Past Jaguars, 24-17 JACKSONVILLE, Fla. - Peyton Manning was 13-for-13 for 162 yards on three touchdown drives to lead the Indianapolis Colts to a 24-17 victory Sunday against the previously unbeaten Jacksonville Jaguars...
Astros Top Rockies to Claim NL Wild Card (AP) AP - The Houston Astros charged into the playoffs with their 18th consecutive home victory, capping an incredible turnaround by beating Colorado 5-3 Sunday to win the NL wild card.
Patriots Down Bills for 18th Win in Row (AP) AP - With Tom Brady as their quarterback and a stingy, opportunistic defense, it's difficult to imagine when the New England Patriots might lose again. Brady and defensive end Richard Seymour combined to secure the Patriots' record-tying 18th straight victory, 31-17 over the Buffalo Bills on Sunday.
Panthers' Smart Injured on Kickoff Return (AP) AP - Carolina kickoff returner Rod Smart, aka "He Hate Me," injured his left knee on a kickoff return in the second quarter of the Panthers' game against the Atlanta Falcons on Sunday.
Expos Fans Say Farewell at Shea Stadium (AP) AP - Joe Palau had an advantage over most Montreal Expos fans who wanted to say goodbye at the team's last game.
Astros Beat Rockies to Win NL Playoff Spot  HOUSTON (Reuters) - The Houston Astros capped a remarkable  late-season turnaround by capturing the National League wild  card playoff berth on Sunday with a 5-3 win over the Colorado  Rockies.
Houston Earns N.L. Wild-Card Spot The Astros charged into the playoffs with their 18th consecutive home victory, capping an incredible turnaround by beating Colorado on Sunday.
Finance Leaders Tackle Terror Financing  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - World finance ministers gathered  under heavy guard on Sunday to discuss efforts to fight terror  financing while warning the world must stay focused on the  economic recovery and fight against poverty.
IMF projects 3.6, 3.5 growth in 2004 and 2005 The International Monetary Fund expects Israel #39;s economy to grow 3.6 percent by the end of this year, and 3.5 in 2005, according to the World Economic Outlook review released last week during Succoth.
Briefly: Sarkozy focuses on aircraft aid Economic recovery in the euro zone is firmly established and inflation poses no threat, Otmar Issing, a European Central Bank executive board member, said Sunday.
Mutual Funds Quarterly Everywhere they look, uncertainty looms - from the Iraq war to the choice of president to the nation #39;s slow-motion recovery. The cautious outlook has led to cautious action, which could be seen in the fairly 
A break for investors: lower fees on index offerings By Thomas Watterson  Correspondent of The Christian Science Monitor. Today #39;s sideways stock market is hard on mutual-fund companies.
Wall Street Not Troubled by Oil Rise--Yet This oil thing is just temporary, Wall Street has been figuring, and figuring and figuring. The surge in prices is a temporary phenomenon that #39;s lasted for two years now.
Private spaceship is set to take a second trip LOS ANGELES A private spaceship is to blast off for the second time in a week on Monday in the final stage of an attempt to win a \$10 million prize.
Microsoft patent is rejected, but company vows to fight back The US Patent and Trademark Office has preliminarily rejected a Microsoft patent on a system for recognizing computer files, a victory for  quot;open source quot; advocates 
Baseball: Dodgers and Angels have California dreaming The Anaheim Angels and Los Angeles Dodgers both beat rivals from Northern California to capture division titles, making this the first time the two Southern California rivals will be in the postseason playoffs in the same year.
US need not fear India and China: Bill Gates BERKELEY: The US has nothing to fear from rapidly growing technology markets in India and China, Bill Gates, chairman and chief software architect of Microsoft said.
Westfield battles for control of property giant The battle for the United Kingdom developer Chelsfield intensified over the weekend, with reports from London that executives of the property giant are considering a management buyout to 
Genesis samples  #39;looking very, very good #39; The Genesis team is preparing to ship its samples of the Sun from the mission #39;s temporary cleanroom at the US Army Proving Ground, Dugway, Utah, to NASA #39;s Johnson Space Center, Houston.
Els fends off rejuvenated Bjorn to shoot down Tiger Having missed out at all four of the majors this season, Ernie Els rewarded himself with the next best thing by winning a World Championship.
Patriots 31 Bills 17 ORCHARD Park, NY The New England Patriots posted their record-tying 18th consecutive victory by scoring two touchdowns in the fourth quarter of a 31-to-17 win at Buffalo.
Astros Beat Rockies to Win NL Playoff Spot The Houston Astros capped a remarkable late-season turnaround by capturing the National League wild card playoff berth on Sunday with a 5-3 win over the Colorado Rockies.
West Virginia out of national title race His team #39;s national title hopes dashed, West Virginia coach Rich Rodriguez searched for a positive to take out of the Mountaineers #39; loss to middling Virginia Tech.
Sharon vows to expand offensive Jerusalem, Oct. 4. (PTI): At least nine Palestinians were killed Sunday by Israeli forces as Prime Minister Ariel Sharon rejected a ceasefire offer from Hamas and vowed to  quot;expand quot; the military offensive in 
Pak. scribes on visit to J amp;K Wagah (Amritsar), Oct. 4. (PTI): A 15-member delegation of Pakistani journalists on Sunday crossed over to India on their way to perhaps a first ever visit to Jammu and Kashmir by a team of scribes from that country.
Mount St. Helens Packs Natural Arsenal (AP) AP - The boiling magma rumbling and rising within Mount St. Helens isn't the only thing scientists fear. When large volcanoes erupt they can unleash an awesome arsenal of natural weapons, devastating communities and landscapes even hundreds of miles from the blast.
Nobel Prize Winners Set to Be Announced (AP) AP - In a tradition that has become as venerable as the 103-year-old Nobel Prizes themselves, the guessing game over who will take home the world's most coveted awards this week has entered full swing.
Oil Price Spike Had Chilling Effect -Fed (Reuters) Reuters - The recent spike in oil prices has had\some negative impact on the U.S. economy, but the futures\markets suggest that this will be a temporary phenomenon, a top\Fed official said on Sunday.
Finance Leaders Tackle Terror Financing (Reuters) Reuters - World finance ministers gathered\under heavy guard on Sunday to discuss efforts to fight terror\financing while warning the world must stay focused on the\economic recovery and fight against poverty.
IMF head sees no consensus on demand by poor countries for a greater voice (AFP) AFP - Developing countries are agitating for greater decision-making power in the International Monetary Fund and the World Bank, but the head of the IMF acknowledged that political consensus on the question was lacking.
China: Efforts to Cool Economy Working  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The head of China's central bank  said on Sunday Beijing's efforts to curb excessive credit  growth were bearing fruit, increasing chances the country's  booming economy would achieve a "soft landing."
PeopleSoft Fires CEO Attempts by PeopleSoft to fend off a hostile takeover by Oracle took a surprising turn Friday. PeopleSoft #39;s board of directors fired Chief Executive Officer Craig Conway.
Klitschko-Williamson: A Well-Educated Battle precious  quot;few quot; brain cells - Wladimir Klitschko and DaVarryl Williamson have so much cerebral firepower between the two of them that some casual observers of the sport may ask themselves,  quot;Why are they doing this quot; for a living?
Federer thumps Roddick for Bangkok title World number one Roger Federer thumped Andy Roddick 6-4 6-0 for his tenth title of the season at the Thailand Open in Bangkok on Sunday.
SportsNetwork Game Preview (Sports Network) - The Minnesota Twins and Cleveland Indians will close out the regular season with a doubleheader of sorts, as the teams battle at the Metrodome today.
Clashes in Haitian capital kill at least 14 PORT-AU-PRINCE, Haiti - Three politicians allied with former president Jean-Bertrand Aristide were led away in handcuffs after a six-hour standoff at a radio station, and gunfire erupted today in Haiti #39;s capital where political clashes have left 14 dead 
Iran may halt snap nuclear inspection if parliament approves &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Iran said on Sunday that it might halt snap UN inspections on its nuclear sites if its parliament approved it, the official IRNA news agency reported.
Chip sales slow in August Global semiconductor sales growth slowed to 1 percent in August as electronics makers reacted to growing inventories in Asia by limiting orders of chips, an industry trade group said on Thursday.
Wladimir wins comeback bout Las Vegas: Wladimir Klitschko was knocked down and ended up bleeding on his stool, but scorecards said he beat Davarryl Williamson after the heavyweight fight was stopped at the end of the fifth round because of a head butt.
Iran refuses to surrender nuclear fuel technology Iran said Sunday it has already acquired the sensitive technology to produce its own nuclear fuel and that it would be  quot;irrational quot; to agree to surrender such a capability in exchange for supplies from overseas.
At IMF, US bows to pressure to forgive debt WASHINGTON With public pledges and in private conversations, Britain managed to smoke out the United States and win its commitment to the full forgiveness of the debts of the poorest countries during the annual meetings of the World Bank and the 
BlackBerry, Bluetooth Miss a Shot to Move Into More Hands these two uses of wireless technology have remained stubbornly irrelevant to many mainstream users, despite the benefits they might offer and the hype they often get in the press.
RIAA sues 762 users over file sharing The Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA) has filed 762 lawsuits against users who were using file trading programs to download music over the internet.
IAEA head in Seoul to discuss nuclear activities SEOUL - The head of the United Nations #39; nuclear watchdog, Mr Mohamed El-Baradei, arrived in Seoul yesterday to discuss South Korea #39;s nuclear experiments.
Blast at Thai fireworks factory kills 14 BANGKOK - Fourteen people were killed and five injured yesterday in an explosion at a fireworks factory in Thailand #39;s ancient capital Ayuthya, officials and witnesses said.
Sept. Sales Boost GM, DC, Toyota Fears of a broad retreat in car sales eased during September as key manufacturers such as General Motors Corp., DaimlerChrysler and Toyota and Nissan all posted double-digit sales increases.
Nigeria centre stage as oil traders eye new highs High-flying oil prices could set new records this week if rebels disrupt the flow of crude from Nigeria, and are unlikely to fall far even if tensions there ease given global supply strains, according to analysts.
Programs: 'Evil Genius' Brings Out Your Inner Villain (Reuters) Reuters - (Gene Emery is a columnist who covers science and\technology. His Internet address is GEmery(at)Cox.net. Any\opinions in the column are his alone.)
I Rushed The Irish After 30 years of coming up short in Notre Dame Stadium, the Boilermakers took the fight out of the Irish early to remain unbeaten (4-0), winning 41-16.
Sports: Blue Jays announcer found dead in hotel room TORONTO Former Toronto pitcher John Cerutti (seh-ROO #39;-tee) was found dead in his hotel room today, according to the team. He was 44.
Juve Go Clear Marcelo Zalayeta came off the bench to fire Juventus to a 1-0 victory at Udinese and extend the Bianconeris lead at the top of Serie A to two points.
Separatist attacks kill 57 in north-east India Separatists are suspected of bombing a crowded market, a tea plantation and other sites yesterday, killing seven people in a second day of explosions and gun attacks that have 
Tired pope beatifies Mel Gibon #39;s  quot;muse quot; road to sainthood, including the 19th century German mystic nun who inspired Mel Gibson #39;s film on Christ #39;s passion. At the same ceremony in St Peter #39;s Square on Sunday, he beatified Austria #39;s last emperor, Karl I. Some of.
Russia reports fair weather Moscows approval of the Kyoto Protocol is a major step in bringing the treaty into effect. Fifty-five countries (that emit 55 per cent of the worlds total CO2 emissions) must endorse the Kyoto pact before it can become binding.
Ireland tries to get UK hostage #39;s release The Irish government has stepped up its efforts to free the British hostage in Iraq, Ken Bigley, whose mother is from Ireland, by talking to diplomats from Iran and Jordan.
Programs: 'Evil Genius' Brings Out Your Inner Villain   (Gene Emery is a columnist who covers science and  technology. His Internet address is GEmery(at)Cox.net. Any  opinions in the column are his alone.)
Linux, AOL tie up for security solutions Leading distributor of Linux open source solutions to the enterprise Red Hat, Inc has entered into a definitive asset purchase agreement with America Online, Inc to acquire certain assets of Netscape Security Solutions.
Angels, Dodgers sew up titles The Anaheim Angels and Los Angeles Dodgers showed the baseball world how the Wests were won Saturday afternoon. After chasing Oakland and Texas for most of the season, the Angels scored three times in the 
Injury adds to Owen #39;s woes Michael Owen has emerged as an injury concern for England #39;s World Cup clash with Wales after it was revealed his substitution during Real Madrid #39;s defeat was prompted by a  quot;slight muscle problem.
Favre suffers concussion, throws TD anyway Green Bay quarterback Brett Favre sustained a concussion in the third quarter of the Packers #39; 14-7 loss to the New York Giants when defensive lineman William Joseph knocked him to the ground.
Germany supports EU negotiating with Turkey on membership issue German Chancellor Gerhard Schroeder said Sunday that there was  quot;no problem quot; with Germany #39;s support to the start of negotiations on Turkey #39;s entrance into EU.
Police raid alleged by Bigley brother Paul Bigley, brother of the hostage Ken Bigley, said yesterday that a third visit had been made to his home in Amsterdam by a Metropolitan police officer and Dutch anti-terrorist police.
Favre flattened, Packers humbled vs. Giants The New York Giants left Brett Favre and the Green Bay Packers wobbly. Tiki Barber rushed for 182 yards and scored on a 52-yard touchdown run, and Kurt Warner threw a touchdown pass 
West Bank Family Pleads for Release of Iraq Hostage (Reuters) Reuters - The Palestinian family of\a Jordanian hostage threatened with death in Iraq appealed on\Sunday for his release, saying he was a father of seven who did\not collaborate with Iraq's "occupier."
Look at U.S. Military Deaths in Iraq (AP) AP - As of Friday, Oct. 1, 2004, 1,055 members of the U.S. military have died since the beginning of the Iraq war in March 2003, according to the Defense Department. Of those, 801 died as a result of hostile action and 254 died of non-hostile causes. The figures include three military civilians.
Iranian president calls for dialogue between Muslim world and the West (AFP) AFP - Iranian President Mohammad Khatami called on the Muslim world and the West to stop blaming each other and start a dialogue between their two different cultures.
Thailand Fireworks Plant Blast Kills 14 (AP) AP - A massive explosion at a fireworks factory in central Thailand on Sunday killed 14 people, including a 4-year-old boy, and injured two others, a police official said.
West Bank Family Pleads for Release of Iraq Hostage  BETHLEHEM, West Bank (Reuters) - The Palestinian family of  a Jordanian hostage threatened with death in Iraq appealed on  Sunday for his release, saying he was a father of seven who did  not collaborate with Iraq's "occupier."
Shia militias clash in Lebanon Two rival Shia militia groups clash in a town in southern Lebanon and army forces are called in to calm the situation.
Rice Defends Comments on Iraq Nuke Threat WASHINGTON - National security adviser Condoleezza Rice on Sunday defended her characterization of Saddam Hussein's nuclear capabilities in the months before the Iraq invasion, even as a published report said government experts had cast doubt at the time.    In the run-up to the March 2003 war, Rice said in a television interview in 2002 that the Iraqi president was trying to obtain high-strength aluminum tubes to rebuild his nuclear weapons program...
Samarra Victory Encourages Iraqi Forces SAMARRA, Iraq - Bloodied by weeks of suicide bombings and assassinations, Iraqi security forces emerged Sunday to patrol Samarra after a morale-boosting victory in this Sunni Triangle city, and U.S. commanders praised their performance...
Astros Top Rockies to Claim NL Wild Card HOUSTON - The Houston Astros charged into the playoffs with their 18th consecutive home victory, capping an incredible turnaround by beating Colorado 5-3 Sunday to win the NL wild card.    Brandon Backe filled in admirably for an ailing Roger Clemens, pitching five strong innings and driving in two runs...
Nader to Hit Swing States; Kerry Improves BOSTON - With polls showing a narrowing gap between President Bush and Sen. John Kerry, independent candidate Ralph Nader said Sunday that he planned to continue campaigning in key battleground states in the final month of the presidential election...
United lose ground on Chelsea MANCHESTER - After the joy of a midweek win in Europe and the exciting debut of Wayne Rooney, Manchester United had to depend on a goal from Alan Smith to salvage a point against Middlesbrough last night.
Dementieva wins title in Belgium Top-seeded Russian Elena Dementieva rallied Sunday to take a three-set win over Russian Elena Bovina in the final at the inaugural Gaz de France Stars.
Pats Tie Streak - Title Would Be Better (AP) AP - Bill Belichick points out that streaks mean nothing without titles.
Diamondbacks End Worst Year With Win (AP) AP - The Arizona Diamondbacks finished their worst year on a winning streak.
La. Tech Wrecks Fresno State's BCS Dreams (AP) AP - Fresno State is out of the BCS mix  #151; again.
Levi Wins Constellation Energy Classic (AP) AP - Wayne Levi won his second Champions Tour event Sunday, shooting a 4-under 68 for a two-stroke victory at the Constellation Energy Classic.
NFL Wrap: Barber Runs Over Packers as Giants Win  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Tiki Barber rushed for 182 yards and  ran 52 yards for a touchdown as the New York Giants used a  stifling defense to upset the Green Bay Packers 14-7 in Green  Bay on Sunday.
AL Wrap: Indians, Twins Split Doubleheader to End Season  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Ben Broussard belted a two-run homer  in the third inning to give the Cleveland Indians a 5-2 win  over the Minnesota Twins to salvage a split of a unique  doubleheader on the final day of the American League regular  season.
Loss Sends Minnesota to the Bronx Ben Broussard hit a two-run homer to lift the Cleveland Indians, who sent the A.L. Central champion Twins to Yankee Stadium for the start of the playoffs.
Sun Sweeps Out Liberty to Reach W.N.B.A. Finals Connecticut reached the W.N.B.A. Finals for the first time by beating the Liberty on Sunday behind Taj McWilliams-Franklin's 18 points.
Astros Grab Wild Card The Astros charge into the playoffs with their 18th consecutive home victory, capping an incredible turnaround by beating Colorado 5-3 Sunday to win the NL wild card.
Rookie Rallies Steelers Ben Roethlisberger hits 17 of 25 passes for 174 yards, a touchdown and no interceptions and Duce Staley runs for 123 yards in a 28-17 victory Sunday over the Cincinnati Bengals.
Eagles Easily Best Struggling Bears It's going to take a really good team to stop the red-hot Philadelphia Eagles. Right now, mediocre is a reach for the Chicago Bears.
What's That? Baseball's Back? I hadn't paid much attention to baseball lately -- what with the scintillating presidential campaign, the scintillating fall television season and Britney Spears's scintillating, latest marriage -- so imagine my surprise when I woke up the other afternoon to the latest developments:
Update 2: Finance Chiefs Cite Debt Relief Progress The world #39;s economic powers, which ended three days of meetings Sunday, insisted they are moving closer to a deal on debt relief for Iraq and other poor nations even though an agreement has proved elusive.
Lazard IPO filing imminent? Bruce Wasserstein, head of Lazard, hopes to gain board approval for his IPO plan for the bank on Tuesday and register the offering with the US regulator as soon as Wednesday, the Financial Times reported Sunday.
Investor Profile: Asensio Ponders Long Bet As a dedicated short-seller for nearly eight years, Manuel Asensio became known as one of the most ruthless investors in the business.
China Pledges to Push Ahead #39; to Flexible Yuan Rate (Update6) China pledged to push ahead firmly and steadily #39; #39; toward a more flexible exchange rate without providing a timetable for the shift from a currency peg that is criticized by the Group of Seven industrial nations.
SpaceShipOne just one flight away from X Prize MOJAVE, Calif. The SpaceShipOne aircraft is one flight away from clinching the Ansari X Prize, a 10-(m)million-dollar award for the first privately developed manned rocket to reach space twice within 14 days.
Mariners #39; Suzuki Gets Two Hits to End Season With Record 262 Ichiro Suzuki singled twice for the Seattle Mariners in a 3-0 loss to the Texas Rangers, extending his Major League Baseball season record for hits to 262 on the campaign #39;s final day.
Giants 10, Dodgers 0 In a regular-season finale that resembled an exhibition game and was about as meaningful, Jason Schmidt pitched six dominant innings, Ray Durham and Pedro Feliz hit first-inning homers and the San Francisco Giants beat the Los Angeles Dodgers 10-0 on 
Aristide Backers Riot for 3rd Day in Haiti; Death Toll Rises to 7 Supporters of Haiti #39;s ousted president, Jean-Bertrand Aristide, threw stones and fired guns on streets littered with debris and overturned cars on 
ALP throws away script PATIENTS would pay less for prescription medicine in a surprise move by Labor leader Mark Latham. Labor is also proposing to double the maternity immunisation allowance to \$427 as an extra incentive for parents to vaccinate their children.
Nikkei Opens Higher  TOKYO (Reuters) - The Nikkei average rose 1.37 percent at  the opening on Monday as a recovery in U.S. stocks encouraged  investors to seek bargains among lagging issues, including  Canon Inc. and other high-tech issues.
Dollar stands firm against rivals in cautious market The dollar was little changed against major currencies on Friday after key US ISM data on manufacturing was in line with expectations, as the market remained cautious on the prospects for the US economy.
Sports: Funk wins SFC Classic MADISON, Miss. Fred Funk birdied the final hole to win the Southern Farm Bureau Classic by one shot over Ryan Palmer. Funk shot a 6-under-par 66 today to wind up 22-under for the tournament.
Doug Fischer I had to bust this Wednesday Mail Bag out. We #39;ve got great matchups coming our way this weekend with Trinidad-Mayorga and Phillips-Ouma but the Monday Mail Bag was understandably dominated by Roy Jones emails.
Klitschko beats Williamson on points as head butt stops fight LAS VEGAS, Nevada (AFP) -- Wladimir Klitschko survived a fourth round knockdown to beat DaVarryl Williamson on points after the heavyweight fight was stopped prematurely by an accidental head butt.
Federer beats Roddick to win Thailand Open Roger Federer defeated Andy Roddick 6-4 6-0 to win the Thailand Open on Sunday, and joined Bjorn Borg and John McEnroe as the only players to win 12 consecutive finals.
 #39;Passion #39; Source Named New Roman Catholic Saint Description: NPR #39;s John Ydstie talks with John Allen, Vatican correspondent for The National Catholic Reporter, about Sunday #39;s beatification ceremony for five new Catholic saints.
No relief as IMF and World Bank talks on poor end in failure THE worlds leading finance officials and ministers yesterday failed to reach agreement on debt relief for the poorest nations. Wrapping up a weekend of IMF and World Bank talks in Washington, no agreement appeared to have been secured.
NZ PRESS: Telecom Denies AAPT Consumer Unit Is For Sale WELLINGTON (Dow Jones)--Telecom Corp. (TEL.NZ), New Zealand #39;s biggest fixed line phone company, has denied its AAPT consumer business in Australia is on the market, the New Zealand Press Association reported.
O #39;Leary charms Boeing workers Michael O #39;Leary, the irrepressible chief executive of Ryanair, may have his detractors in Britain for the ruthless way he drives down costs at the budget airline.
Funk ends title drought AMERICAN Fred Funk shot a six-under 66 to beat Ryan Palmer by one shot and claim his first PGA title in six years today. Funk, 48, captured the Southern Fram Bureau Classic with a birdie on the par-five final hole.
NFL Game Summary - NY Jets At Miami Miami, FL -- Donnie Abraham returned an interception 66 yards for a touchdown to help the New York Jets to a 17-9 victory over the Miami Dolphins at Pro Player Stadium.
Disabled Are Pleased With E-Voting (AP) AP - This November, Eileen Rivera Ley, 41, will vote by herself for the first time. Blind voters in Maryland and several other states will use electronic voting machines equipped with technology that allows the disabled to vote independently.
Internet health advice can bring on 'cyberchondria', study shows (AFP) AFP - Browsing medical sites on the Internet can bring on a condition dubbed  quot;cyberchondria quot;, in which patients diagnose themselves incorrectly and seek treatment they do not need, a British study said.
SpaceShipOne a Flight Away From  #36;10M Prize (AP) AP - SpaceShipOne is one flight away from clinching the Ansari X Prize, a  #36;10 million award for the first privately developed manned rocket to reach space twice within 14 days.
Deformed Fish Found Near Treatment Plants (AP) AP - Fish with both male and female sex tissue have been discovered near Colorado wastewater treatment plants on the South Platte River and Boulder Creek.
Paris exhibit looks at history of bags, from functional to fashionable (AFP) AFP - Style mavens will be scanning the catwalks in Paris this week for next spring's must-have handbag, as a sweeping exhibition at the French capital's fashion and textile museum reveals the bag in all its forms.
Rice Defends Iraq Weapons Characterization (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - National security adviser Condoleezza Rice said yesterday it is still unclear whether Iraq attempted to procure tens of thousands of aluminum tubes for a nuclear-weapons program or a conventional rocket program, despite conclusions by the Senate Intelligence Committee and U.N. investigators that the tubes could not be used in any nuclear program.
Democrat Elected as Powerful Belgrade Mayor  BELGRADE (Reuters) - Serbia's pro-reform Democratic Party  candidate won the powerful post of Belgrade mayor in the runoff  vote on Sunday, beating an ultra-nationalist rival, according  to a preliminary result by independent monitors.
Accountant testifies he lied about Enron barge deal A former Enron accountant testified Thursday that he knew an arrangement to temporarily sell Merrill Lynch some barges just to boost Enron #39;s bottom line was wrong and he planned to lie about it if confronted.
Dubai IT expo opens DUBAI: The Middle East #39;s largest technology exhibition, Gitex, opened yesterday with the international IT industry out in full force to showcase the latest market innovations to an expected 100,000 visitors.
Juventus stretches lead; Roma, Inter draw AS Roma and Inter Milan played to a dramatic 3-3 draw in Sunday #39;s  quot;big match, quot; both losing ground to Juventus, which stretched its Serie A lead by beating Udinese 1-0.
Kirui and Sun are best in half-marathon NEW DELHI: Paul Kirui pulled away from the field in the final stages to claim the men #39;s title and lead Kenya to the team honours in the world half-marathon championships yesterday.
EA Sports 500 results TALLADEGA, Ala. - Results Sunday from the EA Sports 500 race for NASCAR #39;s Nextel Cup Series at Talladega Superspeedway, listing starting position in parentheses, driver, car, laps completed with reason out if not running at the finish, and money won: 
Samarra residents angry over civilian death toll SAMARRA (Iraq) - Bloodied by weeks of suicide bomb attacks and assassinations, Iraqi security forces emerged on Sunday to patrol the streets of Samarra after a morale-boosting victory in this Sunni Triangle city.
S. Korea Tightens Security After Possible Al-Qaeda Threat Aired South Korea #39;s military and police have tightened security since an audio tape attributed to a top al- Qaeda leader Friday urged Muslims to resist the US and its allies, including Korea, for their roles in Iraq.
Mandelson faces EU job grilling Peter Mandelson faces a three-hour grilling from MEPs before he is able to take up the job as Europe's trade commissioner.
Jets Turn Miami Miscues Into Third Victory The Jets came up with four turnovers by Dolphins quarterback Jay Fiedler in the second half, including an interception returned 66 yards for a touchdown.
Jobs Report Could Set Direction of Market NEW YORK - The stock market that meandered through September could gain some direction in the week ahead as the Labor Department releases its latest report on job creation.    For all the economic data that Wall Street parses and analyzes every day, the jobs report, scheduled for release Friday, is one of the few that seem to encapsulate the economy as a whole...
Sharon Pledges to Escalate Broad Israeli Gaza Offensive Prime Minister Ariel Sharon pledged Sunday to escalate a broad Israeli offensive in northern Gaza, saying troops will remain until Palestinian rocket attacks are halted. Israeli officials said the offensive -- in which 58 Palestinians and three Israelis have been killed -- will help clear the way for an Israeli withdrawal.
Bonds, Suzuki Win Batting Titles (AP) AP - Barry Bonds won his second National League batting title in three seasons and shattered the on-base percentage and walks records he set two years ago.
Late-Season Heroics Guide Astros Into Playoffs (Reuters) Reuters - The Houston Astros seemed as shocked as\they were happy after beating the Colorado Rockies 5-3 on\Sunday to clinch the National League wild card playoff berth\and cap an improbable late-season comeback.
Funk Ends 6-Year Drought With Win at SFB (AP) AP - Fred Funk birdied the final hole to finish off a final-round 6-under 66 and win the Southern Farm Bureau Classic by a stroke Sunday, his first PGA Tour victory in six years.
Late-Season Heroics Guide Astros Into Playoffs  HOUSTON (Reuters) - The Houston Astros seemed as shocked as  they were happy after beating the Colorado Rockies 5-3 on  Sunday to clinch the National League wild card playoff berth  and cap an improbable late-season comeback.
Ballmer calls security a never-ending battle Microsoft CEO says he believes the situation has improved greatly and can only get better.
Earnhardt Jr. Wins Another Talladega Race Dale Earnhardt Jr. charged from 11th place to a victory and the series points lead in the last five laps of Sunday's NASCAR Nextel Cup race.
THECHAT &lt;em&gt;  After W.A.S.P. rocker and Yankees fan Blackie Lawless sneered at Red Sox fans in this space, we figured it was time to find a hard core Red Sox rooter.  And who better than Ken Casey of the Dropkick Murphys, the punk/rock/Irish folk band whose "Tessie" -- a remake of an early 20th century Boston anthem, with backup vocals from Johnny Damon, Bronson Arroyo and Lenny DiNardo -- has become de rigueur listening in the Fens? The Murphys are headlining today's scheduled playoff rally at Fenway Park.&lt;/em&gt;
Nikkei Seen Rising After Wall St Recovers (Reuters) Reuters - Japanese stocks will probably move higher\on Monday as a recovery in U.S. stocks encourages investors to\seek bargains among lagging issues, including high-tech shares.
Battle of Form (and Function) in MP3 Players To capture what he says is the underserved urban market, Damon Dash of Roc-A-Fella records is launching a new line of MP3 players and other consumer gadgets.
Is It Still Called a Venture Fund When You Use Your Own Money? Halsey M. Minor, the former CNET guru, is now running his own, very private, investment fund.
Battle Between Oracle and PeopleSoft Shifts to Delaware Court Oracle will try to prove that PeopleSoft's directors acted irresponsibly in rejecting Oracle's \$7.7 billion tender offer.
The Widening Web of Digital Lit In the literary corners of the Web, poets denounce T. S. Eliot and fans write new stories for Jane Austen's characters.
Bago shows true colours to lift Arc Royal blue with light blue cross-belts. The colours have been part of racing #39;s fabric for more than 30 years, carried to success across the world by the horses of the Niarchos family.
Boro #39;s rookies outshine Rooney They have enshrined his debut No 8 shirt in the club #39;s museum and they have blown the budget on his transfer fee, but Wayne Rooney found out yesterday that he still does 
Solberg world class in losing his title Petter Solberg #39;s current form exhausts superlatives, yet winning the Rally of Italy and completing a hat-trick has done little to improve his chances of remaining world champion.
Houllier is keen on comeback Gerard Houllier is looking forward to a return to Premiership management despite the disappointment of his departure from Liverpool.
Colts start to find their harmony JACKSONVILLE, Fla. -- They were singing in the Colts #39; locker room today, singing like a bunch of wounded songbirds. Never mind that Marcus Pollard, Dallas Clark and Ben Hartsock won #39;t be recording a remake of Kenny Chesney #39;s song,  quot;Young, quot; any time soon.
Why they continue to murder Critics of the tactics that the Israel Defense Forces are employing against the terrorists of Hamas, Islamic Jihad and Al-Aqsa, which have also caused casualties among Palestinian civilians, ignore 
Brazil Ruling Party Forced to Run-Off in Sao Paulo Brazil #39;s ruling Workers #39; Party (PT) held onto the mayoralty in at least three major cities in Sunday #39;s municipal vote but will face a tough run 
Ahold Sells Spanish Stores The Dutch retailer Ahold has sold its network of almost 600 Spanish retail stores to the private equity group Permira in an \$850 million deal, the two companies said on Sunday.
Pay Go: What it means to US and India A Pay-Go or Pay-as-you-Go means the government will spend only what it gets. This has been widely spoken about by US Presidential candidate John Kerry, in his campaigns.
MLB: San Francisco 10, Los Angeles 0 Jason Ellison, Marquis Grissom and Deivi Cruz had two-run homers Sunday to lead the San Francisco Giants to a 10-0 rout of the Los Angeles Dodgers.
Favre adds to his legend Brett Favre #39;s legend is already lengthy, to say the least. Sunday he contributed another page. Favre went down and stayed down for a few tense moments during the Packers #39; opening drive in the second half.
Sao Paulo Mayor Suplicy, Lula Ally, Heads for Runoff (Update1) Sao Paulo Mayor Marta Suplicy, a member of the governing Workers #39; Party, finished second in city elections to Jose Serra, a one-time presidential contender, setting the stage for a runoff 
Japan Stocks Higher, Led by Tech Rebounds (Reuters) Reuters - The Nikkei average rose 1.24 percent by\mid-morning trade on Monday as a recovery in U.S. stocks\encouraged investors to seek bargains among lagging issues,\including Hitachi Ltd. and other high-tech firms.
Despite booming economy, no concrete move on debt relief (AFP) AFP - Senior finance officials have hailed a robust global economic recovery, albeit one threatened by surging oil prices, but made little headway pushing China toward currency reform and took no firm steps to ease the debt of the world's poorest nations.
Finance Leaders Urge Vigilance on Terror  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Finance officials from all over the  globe gathered under heavy guard on Sunday to push for a  stepped-up fight against terror financing while warning the  poor must not be forgotten.
Ahold Confident #39; of EU2.5 Billion Asset Goal After Spain Sale Royal Ahold NV, owner of the Giant and Stop  amp; Shop supermarkets in the US, is confident #39; #39; the company can reach its goal of raising 2.5 billion euros (\$3.
Nikkei Opens Higher The Nikkei average rose 1.37 percent at the opening on Monday as a recovery in US stocks encouraged investors to seek bargains among lagging issues, including Canon Inc.
Merck info line swamped over Vioxx recall Hundreds of patients and physicians have contacted a special information line set up by Merck-Israel in the last few days after the international pharmaceutical company voluntarily withdrew Vioxx - one of the world #39;s most popular arthritis and acute 
Economic Powers Fail To Agree On Debt Relief WASHINGTON -- Financial officials from the world #39;s economic powers ended their meeting in Washington Sunday without a deal on debt relief for Iraq and other poor nations.
Airbus prepares rival to Boeing #39;s Dreamliner Airbus, the aerospace giant, has started talks with suppliers about building a rival to Boeing #39;s new commercial airliner, the 7e7 Dreamliner.
Tokyo Stocks Rally at Open; Dollar Rises Tokyo stocks surged at the open on Monday, fueled by Wall Street #39;s gains last week. The US dollar was higher against the Japanese yen.
Pinhole camera to seek out new worlds It has the technology to land men on the moon and send probes into the darkest reaches of space. But Nasa #39;s newest project has more in common with school science lessons than Star Wars.
Four Out Of Five Linux PCs End Up Running Pirated Windows A Gartner analyst finds a direct connection between Linux and piracy: many systems come preinstalled with Linux to keep prices down but then bogus copies of Windows get loaded.
MSN Messenger 7 Beta: First impressions I got hold of the beta version of this much hyped up upgrade to the very popular instant messaging client MSN Messenger 7. I installed it on a test machine to see what new things it has to offer me.
Unfinished Business! - Accidental head-butt sends fight to the &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; 03.10.04 - Las Vegas, NV. -- Brains versus Brawns is what many were billing this fight, but in the end it was blood that won out. The 10-round main event fight from Caesars Palace which was featured on SHOWTIME 
Cycling: Freire crosses line and then celebrates VERONA, Italy Oscar Freire loves to visit Verona and is sorry that his job brings him here only every five years and then for just a few days.
Former Blue Jays Pitcher Cerutti Found Dead Former Blue Jays pitcher and television commentator John Cerutti was found dead in a Toronto hotel room on Sunday. He was 44. The baseball team said Cerutti, who was slated to provide color 
Fontana: Honda race report A thrilling last-lap shootout between Honda-powered competitors Adrian Fernandez and Tony Kanaan was decided in favor of the former Sunday at California Speedway, as Fernandez edged his rival by just the length of a nosecone to win his third Indy Racing 
Freire takes third world crown Spain #39;s Oscar Freire celebrates as he crosses the finish line to win the elite road race of the 2004 UCI world road cycling championships.
Journalists team leaves for India LAHORE: A group of 16 Pakistani journalists crossed the Wagah border on Sunday on their way to Srinagar to see the situation in Kashmir themselves.
Mount St. Helens May Take Weeks to Erupt (AP) AP - Mount St. Helens stewed in volcanic gases and low-level earthquakes Sunday, with crowds of eager tourists hoping to glimpse an eruption that scientists said could happen immediately or take a few weeks.
Finance Leaders Urge Vigilance on Terror (Reuters) Reuters - Finance officials from all over the\globe gathered under heavy guard on Sunday to push for a\stepped-up fight against terror financing while warning the\poor must not be forgotten.
Nikkei Up 2 Percent in Late Morning  TOKYO (Reuters) - The Nikkei average rose 2 percent by late  morning trade on Monday as banks extended last week's gains and  strong gains in U.S. semiconductor chip stocks helped push up  Japanese peers such as Advantest Corp.
Drama Before Curtain Call at Theater In December, D.C. developer Joe Horning Horning is to unveil the results of the \$40 million renovation project.
Zients Finds Sweet Spot Batting at the top of the Washington Baseball Club's order is Jeffrey Zients, who has emerged from virtual obscurity to be the guiding hand of the local investment group looking to buy the Expos.
Realtors Wield Power of Intimidating Views In Washington and in the state capitals, interest groups have long chosen to ring government buildings with their own offices as a display of their clout and determination.
Investing Big Money, Lending Their Fame Celebrities bolster investor interest in Prince George's County as more businesses chase the rising wealth of the black middle class.
New Clustering Search Engine to battle Google The Fine Print: The following comments are owned by whoever posted them. We are not responsible for them in any way. More like New Clustering Search Engine goes Beta.
Castroneves captures Indy race pole FONTANA (California): Brazils Helio Castroneves dominated qualifying with a lap at 217.479 miles per hour to put his Dallara/ Toyota on the pole for the Toyota Indy 400 on Sunday.
Federer hammers Roddick for 10th title of season BANGKOK: Roger Federer efficiently pounded home a 6-4, 6-0 victory over outclassed Andy Roddick Sunday to win the \$550,000 Thailand Open.
IMF must learn the golden rule Gordon Brown is a man in a hurry. There is, he says, not a moment to be lost if the global community is to have a chance of hitting its millennium development goals by 2015.
Is It Still Called a Venture Fund When You Use Your Own Money? Halsey M. Minor, the founder of CNET, is now running his own, very private, investment fund.
The Broad Reach of Satellite Radio Bob Edwards, formerly of National Public Radio, is set to start broadcasting over satellite radio, which came broadly available in the United States just three years ago.
Meeting Site Stands Nearly Alone In most Internet categories, successful sites have led to copycats. But one growing Internet service has attracted a loyal following but, strangely, no rivals.
Sharon Vows to Escalate Gaza Offensive (AP) AP - Prime Minister Ariel Sharon pledged Sunday to escalate a broad Israeli offensive in northern Gaza, saying troops will remain until Palestinian rocket attacks are halted. Israeli officials said the offensive  #151; in which 58 Palestinians and three Israelis have been killed  #151; will help clear the way for an Israeli withdrawal.
Afghan Death Toll Mounts As Voting Nears (AP) AP - The killing in Afghanistan spirals onward, undermining U.S. claims of success in pacifying the country with less than a week to go before an historic experiment with democracy  #151; direct presidential elections.
IAEA Chief Arrives in Seoul for Nuclear Discussion  SEOUL (Reuters) - The head of the U.N. nuclear watchdog,  Mohamed ElBaradei, arrived in Seoul on Sunday to discuss South  Korea's nuclear experiments after last month's two intrusive  inspections.
A Small New York School, Focused on Theater As educators look for ways to move to smaller high schools, Manhattan Theater Lab is starting out with just over 100 freshmen.
Sources Say Tiger Woods to Wed This Week BRIDGETOWN, Barbados - Tiger Woods says he's planning a Caribbean vacation, but Barbados is abuzz with reports that he's set to wed Swedish model Elin Nordegren this week.    Newspapers in Barbados and Ireland have reported that the two are to marry early this week at the Sandy Lane luxury resort on the Caribbean island's west coast...
Private plane set for Space mission pioneering bid to win a \$10 million (5.6 million pounds) prize and prove that space is open for business. space travel as ordinary as a Caribbean cruise.
Educational and Funny Research Honored The King of Sweden was not there and the circumstances were a bit short of pompous, but 15 intrepid scientists attained a modicum of fame last week as this year #39;s winners of coveted Ig Nobel Prizes.
US scientists map genome of greenhouse gas-eating algae US scientists have unraveled the genetic map of a microscopic algae that absorbs huge amounts of greenhouse gases. These organisms are incredibly important in the global carbon cycle, said Virginia Armbrust 
Canas beats Burgsmuller to capture Shanghai title SHANGHAI: Argentinas Guillermo Canas thrashed unheralded German Lars Burgsmuller in the final of the Shanghai ATP tennis tournament on Sunday, conceding just one game in the 57-minute match.
NFL Wrap: Barber Runs Over Packers as Giants Win (Reuters) Reuters - Tiki Barber rushed for 182 yards and\ran half the length of the field for a touchdown as the New\York Giants used a stifling defense to upset the Packers 14-7\in Green Bay on Sunday.
Ostertag Out 4-6 Weeks With Broken Hand (AP) AP - Sacramento Kings center Greg Ostertag will be out four-to-six weeks after breaking his right hand in a fall at his home Saturday night.
Now Afghanistan needs a mother MASOODA Jalal has been clocking up some high mileage on the campaign trail for Afghanistans presidential election. The only woman candidate to stand in the October 9 vote, Jalal 
Former Blue Jays Pitcher Cerutti Found Dead (Reuters) Reuters - Former Blue Jays pitcher and television\commentator John Cerutti was found dead in a Toronto hotel room\on Sunday. He was 44.
Hockey Stars Raise Money for Firefighters (AP) AP - Comedian Denis Leary hosts a hockey game each year to raise money for firefighters in need. This year, he had added incentive.
NFL Wrap: Barber Runs Over Packers as Giants Win  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Tiki Barber rushed for 182 yards and  ran half the length of the field for a touchdown as the New  York Giants used a stifling defense to upset the Packers 14-7  in Green Bay on Sunday.
Former Blue Jays Pitcher Cerutti Found Dead  TORONTO (Reuters) - Former Blue Jays pitcher and television  commentator John Cerutti was found dead in a Toronto hotel room  on Sunday. He was 44.
Motor Racing: Less Can Be More, Say Former Champions  LONDON (Reuters) - Former world champions John Surtees and  Niki Lauda believe Formula One needs to go back to its roots,  at least in the short term, to build a brighter future.
Patriots Make the Bills Pay and Win Their 18th Game in a Row The Patriots, who have not lost since Sept. 28, 2003, joined four teams with 18 consecutive victories.
Giants' Barber Sees Daylight at a Good Time Tiki Barber sprinted for a 52-yard touchdown in the third quarter, the play that the Giants would ride to their third victory of the season.
Giants Just Watch as Astros Clinch N.L. Wild Card On the final day of this regular season, the big league drama did not unfold on the field, but in the San Francisco clubhouse.
Defense Thumps Bills A classic Tom Brady performance and a fumble-return touchdown by Richard Seymour secures an NFL record-tying 18th consecutive with for the Patriots as they beat the Bills, 31-17.
Giants Shake Favre Giants tailback Tiki Barber rushes for 182 yards and Packer quarterback Brett Favre suffers a concussion in Green Bay's 14-7 defeat by New York.
Who's Next for Tito? After a convincing knock out of the brash Ricardo Mayorga in his return from retirement, Felix Trinidad must figure out who to fight next.
Dolphins Flounder After a 17-9 an eyesore of a defeat to the Jets, the Dolphins are winless at 0-4 with little evidence shown on Sunday that brighter days are yet to come.
Disabled Americans Are Pleased With E-Voting While many voter rights' advocates are fighting to decertify electronic voting machines, arguing that they're not reliable, one bloc remains steadfast behind the new equipment - disabled voters who say the machines give them long-denied privacy.
Fannie Mae Stock Ratings Warrant Their Own Analysis   Fannie Mae's stock has dropped about 16 percent in two weeks. And even before the abrupt slide, it's been three years since the stock made any big gains for its investors.
Market on record run THE stock market continued on its bullish performance by noon today, extending recent record highs with BHP Billiton in the vanguard.
SpaceShipOne gears up for final leg of Ansari X Prize SpaceShipOne, the world #39;s first privately developed spaceship, is fueled and ready to embark this morning on a flight into space in a bid to claim the \$10 million Ansari X Prize.
Netflix, TiVo Make Deal Official LOS GATOS, Calif. - Netflix Inc. and TiVo Inc. made official Thursday their deal to create a service that will use high-speed Internet connections to pipe DVD-quality movies into the homes of their mutual subscribers.
Team of the Week As the Premiership takes another break to accommodate a series of World Cup qualifiers, a number of what could be termed England fringe players gave Sven Goran Eriksson some food for thought this weekend.
Kirui, Sun win world half-marathon titles Kenya #39;s Paul Kirui capped an impressive year by winning the men #39;s World half-marathon title Sunday, while China #39;s Sun Ying Jie claimed the women #39;s race.
Vick #39;s aggressive move sets tone for one-sided division rivalry CHARLOTTE -- So often in today #39;s rich-get-richer corporate climate of the NFL, everybody seems to get along just swimmingly. The league #39;s management and the players union have to endure charges of being entirely 
Alleged Leader of ETA Is Captured in France The alleged political leader of the armed Basque separatist group ETA and his partner were arrested Sunday along with 19 other accused ETA members during a police sweep in southwestern France, Spanish authorities said.
PM pitches to undecided voters Prime Minister John Howard today made a pitch for undecided voters in the last week of the election campaign. Opinion polls say the coalition leads Labor, but put the undecided vote at about nine per cent, with less than week before polling day.
Asian Tech Stocks Rally, Dollar Edges Up  SINGAPORE (Reuters) - A rally in semiconductor-related  stocks, including Advantest Corp., propelled Asian shares  higher on Monday as investors added to a U.S. buying spree and  turned optimistic on earnings prospects.
Internet Grants to Schools Halted as the F.C.C. Tightens the Rules The moratorium on a federal program that provides grants for high-speed Internet and telephone service began two months ago, with no notice.
Piper Rudnick to Merge With Big British Firm Piper Rudnick Gray Cary LLP, a law firm with major operations in Washington, agreed over the weekend to merge with British firm DLA LLP, creating one of the largest combinations ever of law firms from different countries.
Chronology of Saudi attacks Gunmen stormed the US consulate in Jeddah today in the latest of a stream of attacks against foreigners and foreign interests in Saudi Arabia, many of them blamed on the al-Qaeda network.
Stocks continue record breaking run The Australian stock market continued on its bullish performance by noon today, extending recent record highs with BHP Billiton in the vanguard.
SBA Offers Discounted Loans for Disaster Victims The Small Business Administration steps up aid to businesses affected by recent weather-related disasters. Oct. 4, 2004 --As home and business owners throughout Florida and the Southwestern US pull things 
SpaceShipOne Team Ready To Grab X Prize The SpaceShipOne team will attempt to win the \$10 million Ansari X Prize on Monday, the 47th anniversary of the start of the first space race when the Soviet Union launched its Sputnik satellite.
THAILAND-BLAST-FIREWORKS The death toll from a blast that ripped through a fireworks factory in central Thailand rose to 11 on Monday, police said.  quot;At this moment the death toll is 11 and one person is in the ICU, quot; Police Lt.
Six Shot Dead in New Northeast India Violence (Reuters) Reuters - Suspected tribal rebels stormed\a remote village in India's northeast on Monday and shot dead\six people, police said, raising to 62 the death toll in a new\wave of violence that erupted in the region at the weekend.
Yudhoyono Wins Indonesia Poll- Preliminary Result (Reuters) Reuters - Former general Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono\has won Indonesia's presidential election run-off in a\landslide, preliminary final results showed on Monday.
Joint Operation Hauls in ETA Suspects (AP) AP - Two of Spain's most wanted terror suspects and at least 16 other alleged members of the armed Basque separatist group ETA were captured Sunday in a vast French-Spanish police operation, authorities said.
Israel Expands Raid with Air Strike Near Gaza City  GAZA (Reuters) - Israel expanded its military offensive in  northern Gaza, launching two air strikes early on Monday that  killed at least three Palestinians and wounded two, including a  senior Hamas leader, witnesses and medics said.
Taiwan Chen Plans National Day Speech on China  TAIPEI (Reuters) - Taiwan President Chen Shui-bian said he  will make an important policy statement on relations with  arch-foe China in his National Day address on Oct. 10.
The Money Man Alan greenspan #39;s official title is Chairman of the US Federal Reserve. But he functions as something akin to America #39;s economic Prognosticator in Chief.
As Afghan Vote Nears, Taliban Isn't Only Worry Many Afghans say they are more worried about a different source of abuse and intimidation during the presidential elections: pressure from local militia commanders to vote for certain candidates.
Out of Hiding in Samarra As U.S. and Iraqi troops patrolled the battered streets of Samarra, the central Iraqi city reclaimed from insurgents in two days of lopsided battle, residents emerged Sunday reporting thirst, hunger and casualties among the civilian population, according to news service accounts from the city.
Asian Tech Stocks Rally, Dollar Edges Up (Reuters) Reuters - A rally in semiconductor-related\stocks, including Advantest Corp., propelled Asian shares\higher on Monday as investors added to a U.S. buying spree and\turned optimistic on earnings prospects.
Japan Shares Up 2 Percent by Midday  TOKYO (Reuters) - Japanese stocks rose 1.9 percent by  midsession on Monday as a strong performance by U.S.  semiconductor-related stocks gave a push to Japanese peers such  as Advantest Corp. and as banks extended last week's gains.
Finder of first Peking Man skull commemorated in Beijing An exhibition is being held in Beijing to mark the 100th anniversary of the birth of Pei Wenzhong,the discoverer of the first Peking Man skull.
Trash Begins to Clutter Space Station There #39;s no space in the space station. With no garbage pickup by shuttles for nearly two years, the international space station is looking more and more like a cluttered attic.
Ernie rids himself of demons Kilkenny - World number two Ernie Els and Denmark #39;s Thomas Bjorn have finally rid themselves of the golfing demons that threatened to derail their careers.
Federer wins Thailand Open World number one Roger Federer thumped second-ranked Andy Roddick in straight sets 6-4, 6-0 to win the Thailand Open in Bangkok on Sunday.
Atlanta uses fourth-quarter spurt to drop Panthers CHARLOTTE - As Jake Delhomme walked off the field Sunday, he turned to Atlanta Falcons cornerback Kevin Mathis and said, I bet youd like to play against me every week.
San Francisco 49ers SAN FRANCISCO (Ticker) -- The St. Louis Rams still have plenty of offensive firepower. The same could not be said for the San Francisco 49ers.
Rightist Tokyo governor Ishihara says war kept Asia safe from  &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Tokyo Governor Shintaro Ishihara is a gracious host, settling comfortably into a white leather chair and patiently listening to a question from a visitor.
Singapore #39;s speech ran counter to basic rights The nation has always been independent from China. Not for a single day has it been ruled by China. Twenty-three million Taiwanese -- 7.7 times the number of 
Lazard #39;s Wasserstein Faces Board Dissent Over IPO, People Say Bruce Wasserstein #39;s plan to sell shares of Lazard LLC, the world #39;s largest closely held investment bank, may face opposition from the firm #39;s 11-member board tomorrow at a meeting in Paris, people familiar with the matter said.
Issing sees inflation above target Inflation rates in Europe are unlikely to fall below the European Central Bank #39;s 2 percent target for the rest of the year because of high oil prices, ECB board member Ottmar Issing said Sunday.
Northwest #39;s CEO Deplanes And then there was one. Northwest Airlines (NWAC ) reported Oct. 1 that its CEO, Richard H. Anderson, is quitting to take a job in the health-care industry.
So Much For Hollowing Out Lying 800 kilometers south of Tokyo on the island of Kyushu, Oita prefecture is hardly the kind of place you would expect to find the trendsetting titans of Japan Inc.
A Gusher Of Cash For Domestic Drilling While the rest of the country frets over surging energy prices, a small but growing group of businesses is fueling a boom of sorts in the US oil patch.
Els closes with 69, edges Bjorn to win WGC title The pressure to win made Ernie Els feel like he was in a major. Given all he has been through this year, his victory in the American Express Championship sure felt like one.
Astros can clinch last playoff berth Sunday BRISTOL, Connecticut (Ticker) -- It would be fitting for the Houston Astros to clinch a playoff spot at Minute Maid Park, but they will have to do it without Roger Clemens.
Guillermo Canas wins championship at Shanghai Open Guillermo Canas won his third title of the year yesterday with a 6-1, 6-0 victory over unseeded German Lars Burgsmuller at the ATP Shanghai Open.
Turkey At The EU #39;s Door Turkey #39;s decades-long quest to join the European Union looks set to take a great leap forward. On Oct. 6 the European Commission in Brussels is due to release its opinion on whether Turkey has met the legal 
Giants See Daylight at Right Time Tiki Barber sprinted for a 52-yard touchdown in the third quarter, the play that the Giants would ride to their third victory of the season.
Jets Grab, Pick and Sack to Victory A stirring defensive effort by the Jets produced 7 points, 4 turnovers, 4 sacks and a victory over the Dolphins in Pro Player Stadium.
Earnhardt Takes Lead Despite winning Sunday's race and taking the overall Nextel Cup lead, Dale Earnhardt Jr. could lose points after cursing in an interview.
Japan to Ask U.S. to Remove Some Okinawa Bases -Paper  TOKYO (Reuters) - Japan plans to ask the United States to  move some U.S. marine bases from its southernmost prefecture of  Okinawa to a location outside Japan, the daily Yomiuri Shimbun  said on Monday.
Poll gives Kerry post-debate lead After the first TV debate in the US presidential campaign, polls give good news for the Democrats.
In Russia, Dissent Grows Over Moves to Curb Autonomy President Vladimir V. Putin's plan to concentrate more power in the Kremlin has inflamed popular discontent.
Haitian Death Toll From Storm Nears 2,000 GONAIVES, Haiti - The death toll from floods unleashed by Tropical Storm Jeanne rose sharply to nearly 2,000 people, with many still missing, as officials said they found hundreds more bodies in Haiti's devastated northwestern region.    Officials, who had previously put the toll at 1,550 dead and about 900 missing, could not immediately provide specifics on the higher toll announced Sunday night, but said hundreds more bodies were found in recent days in areas outside the hard-hit town of Gonaives...
Results Show Da Silva Leading Brazil Vote Brazilian voters gave a boost to President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva in nationwide municipal elections on Sunday, according to initial results, in the first electoral test for the leftist leader and his plans to remake Latin America's biggest country.
SunGard to Spin Off Data Unit SunGard, which provides software and services to top financial companies, plans to spin off its disaster data recovery business into a separate publicly traded company.
Hitting History: Seattle outfielder singles in first two at-bats &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; What once looked like a forgettable season-ending weekend at Safeco Field came alive Friday night. Ichiro Suzuki became major league baseball #39;s single-season 
Gadaffi Family Vow to Help Free Hostage Members of the Gadaffi family have pledged to support efforts to free British hostage Kenneth Bigley, his brother claimed today. Paul Bigley said that Colonel Gadaffis London-based 
MANNY MUSU HEADS TO ITALY The five-year-old naturalised Australian girl seriously injured in last month #39;s bombing outside Australia #39;s embassy in Jakarta is leaving hospital in Singapore for Italy.
Khmer Rouge face genocide trial CAMBODIA #39;S legislature has approved a UN pact to put surviving Khmer Rouge leaders on trial for genocide. Atrocities claimed nearly two million lives during their rule in the late 1970s.
Manny flies to Italy after stunning recovery SINGAPORE (AFP): A five-year-old Indonesian girl critically injured in last month #39;s bombing of the Australian embassy in Jakarta flew to a new life in Italy on Monday after making a spectacular recovery at a Singapore hospital.
Pakistani Journalists Arrive in India for Unprecedented Kashmir &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; A group of Pakistani journalists has arrived in India for an unprecedented visit to the Indian-controlled portion of Kashmir. Indian officials say the delegation crossed the border between the two nuclear 
New Tungsten Boasts Big Storage PalmOne's Tungsten T5 comes with 256MB of flash memory, so you never risk losing your data.
Yahoo Local Officially Launches After just two months in testing, Yahoo has pushed its local search out of beta and is giving the service prominent exposure on the Yahoo home page.
Michael Peltier: Some insurers waiving mulitple deductibles Homeowners unfortunate enough to get slammed by multiple hurricanes in the past seven weeks have had to face the risk of another less deadly but more expensive disaster.
Mariners Notebook: Ichiro pads hit parade Sisler set the all-time record for hits in a season in 1920 with 257, wresting the record from Ty Cobb, who #39;d set it nine years earlier with 248.
Henry scores two as Arsenal crushes Charlton 4-0 London, Oct 04 - Thierry Henry scored twice as arsenal easily beat Charlton 4-0 to extend its unbeaten premier league streak to 48 matches and bounce back from alleged team disunity.
Pats capitalize on others #39; mistakes On the road, the momentum and most of the crowd against them, and trailing their division rivals by seven points, the Patriots responded to the challenge with a tying touchdown 
The Broad Reach of Satellite Radio XM Satellite's recruitment of well-known personalities, including Bob Edwards, has been the most aggressive effort to date to win listeners.
Taiwan Nervous That China Embargo May End (AP) AP - Taiwan is getting jittery about a new push within the European Union to lift a 15-year embargo on weapons sales to China  #151; the communist giant that's been threatening to attack this tiny democratic island.
Haitian Death Toll From Storm Nears 2,000 (AP) AP - The death toll from floods unleashed by Tropical Storm Jeanne rose sharply to nearly 2,000 people, with many still missing, as officials said they found hundreds more bodies in Haiti's devastated northwestern region.
Kerry Says Republicans Suppressing Voting (AP) AP - Republicans have been trying to suppress voting in states where the presidential race is too close to call, Democratic nominee John Kerry said Sunday at one of the city's largest predominantly black churches.
Brazil's Ruling Party Faces Sao Paulo Run-Off Vote  SAO PAULO, Brazil (Reuters) - President Luiz Inacio Lula da  Silva's Workers' Party (PT) won the mayoralty of six state  capitals in Sunday's municipal vote but was forced into a  run-off to defend its hold on the race's biggest prize, the  city of Sao Paulo.
China holds firm over yuan reform Chinese banking officials say they will not rush any moves to ease the yuan from its tight peg against the US dollar.
Crude Oil Prices Ease Slightly Crude oil prices eased slightly in early morning Asian trade Monday after pushing above the psychologically important \$50 mark for the first time last week.
Citigroup #39;s Yamada, Top Technical Analyst, Sees Dow Falling The Dow Jones Industrial Average failed three times this year to exceed its previous high and fell to about 10,000 each time, most recently a week ago.
Rams Defeat Winless 49ers 24-14 (AP) AP - There was nothing wrong with the St. Louis Rams' offense that a trip to San Francisco couldn't fix. Marc Bulger passed for 186 yards, Marshall Faulk rushed for 121 more and St. Louis sent the woeful 49ers to their first 0-4 start in 25 years with a 24-14 victory on Sunday night.
Rock to the rescue of Malaysia Taking a break from fiery sermons, Malaysias fundamentalist Islamic opposition group enlisted rock singers to loosen up its image.
Nikkei Up 2.5 Pct in Afternoon  TOKYO (Reuters) - Tokyo's Nikkei average jumped 2.5 percent  by mid-afternoon on Monday as semiconductor-related stocks such  as Advantest Corp. mirrored a rally by their U.S. peers while  banks and brokerages extended last week's gains.
UPDATE 1-ECB #39;s Noyer urges fiscal discipline, reforms Bank of France Governor Christian Noyer on Sunday urged countries to tighten their public finances and implement reforms to help generate non-inflationary growth.
Don #39;t bank on double-digit returns from funds Most investors envy Jack R. Meyer with his double-digit returns over the past year, but even he says he will have trouble making much money in the years to come.
Accountant testifies he lied about Enron barge deal HOUSTON, Texas - A former Enron accountant testified this week that he knew an arrangement to temporarily sell Merrill Lynch some barges just to boost Enron #39;s bottom line was wrong and he planned to lie about it if confronted.
Sony drops copy-control CDs Sony Music Entertainment Japan has decided to drop the copy-protection on its CDs from November 17 onwards. Copy protection was introduced by the company in January last year.
Sci/Tech ; Viral movies possible with RealPlayer flaw  quot;Anyone who has RealPlayer is affected, and there are many people with RealPlayer, quot; said Marc Maiffret, chief hacking officer at software security company eEye Digital Security, the company that discovered the security issue.
Funk ends six-year victory drought Fred Funk can relax. He doesn #39;t have to carry six years #39; worth of frustration anymore. The 48-year-old US Ryder Cup player won his sixth PGA Tour title Sunday, closing with a birdie for a one-stroke victory in the Southern Farm Bureau Classic.
Brazil #39;s Workers #39; Party gains in mayoral voting President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva #39;s left-leaning Workers #39; Party posted significant wins in nationwide municipal elections Sunday and expanded its reach into Brazil #39;s mammoth interior.
Susilo thanks Indonesians for electing him : Former general Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono thanked Indonesians on Monday for electing him as the next president and said he would work hard to resolve the country #39;s problems.
Cambodian Assembly Ratifies Khmer Rouge Trial Pact The Cambodian parliament ratified an agreement with the United Nations on Monday on setting up a tribunal to try surviving leaders of the Khmer Rouge regime responsible for the deaths of 1.7 million people.
Hurricanes Likely To Cause Insurers #39; Rates To Rise MIAMI -- Four hurricanes in just six weeks are likely going to force Florida #39;s top two insurers to raise rates or reduce their business in the state.
Telecom denial over AAPT Telecom yesterday denied its AAPT consumer business in Australia was on the block, reports NZPA. The company played down chief financial officer Marko Bogoievski #39;s statement in a media report from New York 
Sony of Japan abandons copy-control music CDs, adapting to &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Sony Corp. #39;s music unit is abandoning its CDs that use built-in technology that limits copying them, after pushing the program for two years.
US users know more about boobs than viruses US COMPUTER users know more about the Janet Jackson #39;s breast exposure than they down about their own anti-virus software, according to a survey.
Thailand bird flu deaths increase A girl has died of bird flu in Thailand, the 11th confirmed victim of the disease this year. Kanda Srileung-On died in the north of the country, hours after testing positive for the virus, apparently caught from infected chickens.
Afghan campaign picks up as Karzai heads for Berlin Afghan President Hamid Karzai #39;s deputies campaigned for him on Saturday ahead of presidential elections seven days later, while the candidate himself prepared to fly to Germany to collect an international award.
Khmer Rouge tribunal pact OKd in Cambodia Cambodia #39;s legislature on Monday approved a long-delayed agreement to put surviving Khmer Rouge leaders on trial for atrocities that claimed nearly two million 
Shares Dip Amid Economic, Security Fears  LONDON (Reuters) - European shares fell and government  bonds rose on Monday following an attack on a U.S. consulate in  Saudi Arabia and as Friday's weak U.S. jobs data continued to  chip away at economic confidence.
Former General Yudhoyono Wins Indonesia Poll  JAKARTA (Reuters) - Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono has won  Indonesia's presidential election run-off in a landslide,  capping a rapid rise to power for the former general who has  vowed to create jobs, stamp out graft and fight terrorism.
Yudhoyono set to claim victory Counting in Indonesia's  presidential election is nearly over, with Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono the easy winner.
US launches new raids on Falluja US air strikes on the rebellious Iraqi city of Falluja kill at least seven people, hospital officials say.
Tuesday's Debate Has New Importance After what Republicans acknowledge was President Bush's faltering performance in his televised encounter with Democratic nominee John F. Kerry, the vice presidential debate has assumed critical importance, with Republicans depending on Vice President Cheney to halt the ticket's slide in momentum.
A Brutal Sexual Assault Galvanizes Swazi Women  MANZINI, Swaziland -- Gugu Pungwayo couldn't bear to read the newspaper article. She recalled that she glanced at the headline, then put the paper down. Picked it up again. Put it down. Again. And again.
Sharapova Wins Hansol Korea Open Wimbledon champion Maria Sharapova won the first-ever Korea Open on Sunday. The top-seeded 17-year old Russian beat Poland #39;s Marta Domachowska in straight sets -- 6-1, 6-1 -- in less than an hour.
Elbaradei Expresses Hope for Quick Settlement of S. Korea #39;s &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Mohamed ElBaradei, director of the International Atomic Energy Agency has voiced hopes for a quick and conclusive settlement of his agency #39;s probe into South Korea #39;s past nuclear experiments.
PHILIPPINES PRESS: Smart, Mobile One In Talks For Tie-Up MANILA (Dow Jones)--Smart Communications Inc., the top mobile phone operator in the Philippines, is in talks with Singapore #39;s Mobile One Ltd.
X Prize try today may set history A maverick California company is poised to launch a bid today to win the \$10 million Ansari X Prize, a global competition expected to spur a  quot;personal spaceflight revolution.
October is computer safety month A survey by the National Cyber Security Alliance has suggested one in three Americans think they #39;re more likely to win the lottery than get to a computer virus.
Whats common to country music WASHINGTON, OCTOBER 1: Researchers who found a link between country music and suicide, and a man who patented his combover hairstyle won IgNobel Awards for true but funny experiments.
Who Els but Ernie for title DOING SA PROUD: Ernie Els holds the World Golf Championship trophy after winning at the Mount Juliet course in Ireland yesterday. (AP).
FANS WANT TRINIDAD- HOPKINS II IT took just eight explo- sive rounds for Felix  quot;Tito quot; Trinidad to put himself back atop boxing #39;s mantle of greatness.
TESTING TIMES FOR OWEN Striker Michael Owen is facing a battle to prove his form and fitness as the pressure grew on his starting place for Englands World Cup qualifier against Wales.
Arms, Cars Top Schrders China Trip German Chancellor Gerhard Schrder arrived in Beijing on Monday for a three-day visit focusing on expanding trade ties and the European Unions ban on arms sales to China.
Automakers improve side-impact protection Responding to a tough insurance industry crash test, automakers are making major strides to improve the safety of family sedans, according to new data released Sunday.
Smart, Mobile One in talks for tie-up Philippines mobile phone operator Smart Communications Inc. is in talks with Singapore #39;s Mobile One for a possible tie-up, BusinessWorld reported Monday.
Fannie #39;s funny accounting Fannie Mae #39;s newly discovered accounting artifices could give lagging reform efforts in Congress some impetus. Mortgage giants Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac are financial behemoths and political sacred cows - escaping 
Astronauts conduct fall cleaning in space So, a few weeks ago, the two astronauts who live there tossed out some junk, like so many old hubcaps for the trash heap. And the throwing away - done during a recent spacewalk -as done cautiously so 
Oil prices boosting BP's fortunes Oil giant BP reports buoyant trading in the third quarter, with production up by 11, on the back of soaring crude prices.
Priest #39;s gift will help students afford college MARINE CITY -- Following a lifetime of helping people through his church work, the Rev. Donald Bartone #39;s \$575,000 gift will help renew that dedication nearly two years after his death.
Freddie Mac finds stability in this week #39;s mortgage rates Mortgage rates inched up last week, but they remained well below the year-high levels set during the spring. Freddie Mac, in its weekly survey released Thursday, reported that rates on 30-year 
The wrong stuff: junk in space station So a few weeks ago, the two astronauts who live there tossed out some useless junk, like so many old hubcaps for the trash heap. And the throwing-away -- done 
Around the world The death toll from floods unleashed by Tropical Storm Jeanne rose sharply Sunday to nearly 2,000 people, with many still missing, as officials said they found hundreds more bodies in Haiti #39;s devastated northwestern region.
Khmer Rouge tribunal approved Cambodia has ratified legislation to set up a UN-assisted tribunal which will put leaders of the murderous Khmer Rouge regime on trial.
Macromedia readies Captivate for demos and simulations Macromedia on Monday is announcing Captivate, formerly known as RoboDemo, for recording onscreen activity and building software demonstrations and interactive simulations.
PalmOne unveils Tungsten T5 In a crowded corporate market where handhelds and handsets are fighting it out for supremacy, PalmOne will introduce a device this week it hopes will cut through the noise.
SBC has one-stop message service Residential and small business customers of SBC Communications Inc. in Flint, Ann Arbor and metro Detroit can now access their home and wireless voice mail as well as e-mail accounts 
Sugar business sours as US goes diet crazy Mary Poppins was wrong.  quot;A spoonful of sugar quot; doesn #39;t cut it anymore. In a diet-obsessed culture, many Americans are going sour on sugar.
Amgen bone drug shows success Amgen Inc. said Sunday results of a small trial showed its experimental osteoporosis drug increased bone density in post-menopausal women, potentially reducing the risk of fractures associated with the bone-thinning disease.
Wiseman Dairies in talks to sell stake Scotland #39;s biggest dairy firm, Robert Wiseman Dairies RWD.L , says it is in talks with farmers #39; co-operative First Milk, which supplies Wiseman with milk, about buying a 15 percent stake in Wiseman.
Cheers as Mugabe slaps down Moyo He has lost his position on the key body of the ruling party Zanu-PF but retains his seat in cabinet. Mr Moyo is the architect of tough media laws which have seen the banning of foreign correspondents and the closure of the only private daily paper.
Shuttle #39;s spring 2005 launch delayed The first shuttle flight since the Columbia tragedy has been pushed back by NASA. This is due to hurricane damages and implementation of new safety measures.
State cancels two technology contracts The State Technology Office plans to cancel two multimillion-dollar contracts, now that several investigations have discovered two companies were given unfair advantages.
Trinidad #39;s sights on Hopkins In the wee hours yesterday morning, promoter Don King stood at a podium inside Madison Square Garden and -- in the midst of a bombastic assault on his 
McClaren: I hope I haven #39;t helped Wales in World Cup ENGLAND coach Steve McClaren hopes he has not handed Wales the World Cup blueprint to curb the threat of Wayne Rooney. McClaren #39;s Middlesbrough manfully threw up the barricades at Old Trafford yesterday as 
Earnhardt cusses up a controversy Two fresh tires helped Dale Earnhardt Jr. win the EA Sports 500 at Talladega (Ala.) Superspeedway yesterday, but a four-letter word he said in Victory Lane might cost him the points lead.
Vick powers Atlanta past Carolina again As linebacker Keith Brooking headed to the Atlanta Falcons locker room, he bellowed to nobody in particular: We own the South, baby!
Stung by one that got away It should have been the perfect cap to another precious win for Corey Dillon. For the first time in his three games as a Patriot, Dillon 
13 More Killed In On-going Gaza Violence Dubai, Oct. 4 (NNN): At least 13 Palestinians were killed as Israel continued its military offensive in the Gaza Strip, with an air strike in the north, during the past 24 hours.
Car bomb kills 8 in Baghdad Two blasts have shaken separate areas of central Baghdad, with one car bomb blast near the heavily defended Green Zone killing at least eight people and wounding 30, doctors and witnesses say.
Pope puts 5 faithful on path to sainthood VATICAN CITYPope John Paul II yesterday honoured two figures linked to controversy, beatifying German mystic Sister Anna Katharina Emmerick, whose violent visions of Christ #39;s suffering helped inspire Mel Gibson #39;s film The Passion Of The Christ, and the 
Iraqi, US Forces Patrol Sunni Triangle SAMARRA, Iraq -- Iraqi security forces are patrolling the Sunni Triangle city of Samarra after US and Iraqi soldiers claimed victory in retaking the city from insurgent forces.
Detainees fight British anti-terrorism law Nine Muslims held indefinitely without charge in Britain are challenging the country #39;s highest court against their detention. The nine are among 11 foreign men held under the Anti Terrorism, Crime and Security 
Update 3: Economic Powers Vow Aid for Poor Nations Rich nations pledged an agreement soon on forgiving the debt burden weighing on poor nations in Africa, Latin America and Asia but remained divided on reducing billions of dollars of Iraqi debt.
Some insurers limited Vioxx Some large health insurers are feeling vindicated after Merck #39;s decision to withdraw its painkiller Vioxx from the market because long-term use raises the risk of heart attack or stroke.
Market ends at record OFFSHORE gains drove the share market to record levels today, albeit on lower than average volume because of little trade in three states which are having public holidays today.
Reaching the limits of space inside the space station So a few weeks ago, the two astronauts who live there tossed out some useless junk, like so many old hubcaps for the trash heap. And the throwing-away - done during a recent spacewalk -as 
Coral copyright plan faces Apple, MS barriers NEITHER APPLE nor Microsoft will join a consortium formed today to address digital rights management for music and films. But the Coral Consortium has heavyweight firms Sony, Samsung, Philips, Matsushita, HP and 20th Century Fox backing their plans.
Sony Corp abandons copy-control music CDs Sony Corp #39;s music unit is abandoning its CDs that use built-in technology that limits copying them, after pushing the program for two years.
Red Hat Buys Technology from Netscape Linux distributor Red Hat Inc. RHAT.O said on Thursday that it had bought Netscape #39;s computer user identification and management technology from America Online Inc.
Two explosion rock Baghdad #39;s city center and Green Zone A car bomb blew up near one of the entrances to the heavily fortified Green Zone in central Baghdad on Monday, wounding many civilians, witnesses and security sources said.
Turkey Confident of EU Membership Turkeys prime minister said yesterday that admitting his Muslim-majority country to the European Union would contribute to reconciliation between civilizations and expressed confidence that the EUs executive will recommend opening membership 
Poverty poses threat, finance leaders told World finance leaders ended their annual meeting yesterday with renewed pledges to promote global prosperity, amid warnings that the battle against poverty had taken a back seat to the war on terrorism.
Pol Pot and his change from man to beast Philip Short took four years to write this biography, after completing his much-praised life of Mao Zedong () in 1999. He has trawled deep and wide, reading what are probably 
Karzai skips campaign trail, visits Germany instead Afghan President Hamid Karzai was in Germany yesterday to receive an award, his office said, just days before his war-plagued nation will hold its first direct presidential election.
Iran rebuffs Kerry nuclear proposal Washington says Iran plans to use its nuclear facilities to make atom bombs. Tehran says it merely wants to. US President George W. Bush wants Iran referred to the United Nations Security Council for possible sanctions.
Smaller auditors find niche While the Big Four are pulling back from the small-company market, a passel of regional and  quot;second tier quot; national accounting firms are eagerly filling the gap.
Lastminute.com Says Annual Profit to Be at Low End of Forecasts Lastminute.com Plc, an unprofitable UK travel company, expects profit before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization to be at the lower end of its forecasts next fiscal year as the company struggles to cut costs.
Mount Vernon City Library to close books on rural readers MOUNT VERNON - Mickey Bambrick, who home-schools her 5-year-old son, is already on the second reading of the books at her small public library in La Conner, Skagit County.
Chance to try out new MSN Messenger Web surfers in the United States and five other countries will be invited this week to begin using a new version of MSN Messenger that includes a search function in the message window, reports on the Web said.
EU braces for revolution if Turkey joins club Admitting mainly Muslim Turkey into the European Union would mark nothing short of a cultural, economic and political revolution for Europe, analysts say.
Indonesia #39;s Yudhoyono Wins Presidential Election (Update2) Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono has won Indonesia #39;s presidential election after the former general garnered support from three-fifths of voters, the General Election Commission said.
Bomb victim makes good recovery A five-year-old Indonesian girl critically injured in last month #39;s Australian embassy bombing in Jakarta has made a remarkable recovery and will leave hospital this week, press reports said yesterday.
Macromedia readies Captivate for demos and simulations (InfoWorld) InfoWorld - Macromedia on Monday is announcing Captivate, formerly known as RoboDemo, for recording onscreen activity and building software demonstrations and interactive simulations.
Nobel Prize Winners to Be Announced (AP) AP - The guessing game over who will take home the world's most coveted awards ends this week with the announcement of the 2004 Nobel Prize winners.
IMF sees rising oil prices having little impact on global growth (AFP) AFP - Rising oil prices are unlikely to deal a major blow to global economic growth although the trend may seem  quot;uncomfortable, quot; a researcher with the International Monetary Fund says.
German food retailer Spar sells 50-pct stake in Netto discount to ITM (AFP) AFP - Spar, Germany's eighth-biggest food supermarket chain, plans to sell a 50-percent stake in its discount arm Netto to its French parent company ITM Entreprises, Spar's new chairman Stephan Schelo said in a newspaper interview.
Asian Stocks Surge, Dollar Edges  SINGAPORE (Reuters) - Asian shares jumped to multi-month  highs on Monday on a rally in semiconductor-related issues,  including Japan's Advantest Corp., and European stocks were set  to rise after a rally in U.S. markets.
Live-in lab  CAMBRIDGE -- Greater Boston's newest cutting-edge research lab boasts no test tubes, lasers, or printed circuit boards -- at least none in plain view. It looks like what it is: a clean, modern, and sparsely furnished 950-square-foot condominium near Central Square.
Small drugstores seek advantage in prepackaged pills NEW BEDFORD -- The fight for a bigger slice of the pharmacy business in New Bedford is being waged in a converted bank branch on the north side of town.
What's your TLA IQ? Acronyms are the secret language of technology and biotech. If you have to ask what they mean, you're not an insider. There are even acronyms on top of acronyms: someone who peppers his speech with TLAs is fond of using ''three-letter acronyms. quot;
Fastow might be called as hostile witness in Enron trial HOUSTON -- Enron Corp.'s former finance chief, Andrew Fastow, is not a defendant or a prosecution witness in the first criminal trial to emerge from the energy company's crash, but he could be called to testify for the defense -- possibly as a hostile witness.
EMC debuts data-management software The Hopkinton data storage company EMC Corp. will roll out a set of new products today, aimed at filling out the company's  quot;information lifecycle management quot; strategy.
Prototype keyboards go against type If you attended last week's Emerging Technologies Conference at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, you probably weren't on the lookout for ways to become a better typist. This is MIT, after all -- Rocket Science Central. Couldn't they offer something more challenging?
7-Eleven enhances prepaid cellphone service 7-Eleven Inc. , the convenience store chain that launched its own prepaid cellphone brand last spring, is rolling out two big enhancements this week in New England markets: premium handsets with cameras and FM radios, and minutes that don't expire for a full year.
Ahold to sell off its Spanish holdings AMSTERDAM -- The Dutch supermarket retailer Ahold, seeking to streamline global operations and reduce debt, said yesterday that it will sell its holdings in Spain to Permira Funds, for roughly \$849 million.
State Street fund tops August sales State Street Corp.'s SPDR Trust was the best-selling mutual fund with US investors in August, according to estimates by Financial Research Corp. It was the first time an exchange-traded fund led monthly fund sales.
Buying a stereo with the Dropkick Murphys The bass should be in your face. That's what Matt Kelly, of Boston's popular punk rock band Dropkick Murphys, thinks is the mark of a great stereo system. And he should know. Kelly, 29, is the drummer for the band that likes to think of itself as a bit of an Irish lucky charm for the Red Sox.
AT amp;T, Vonage Cut Prices on Internet Calling AT amp;T Corp. and Internet telephone provider Vonage said on Thursday they were cutting prices for their residential Internet calling services by \$5 per month, the strongest 
Els earns title as Woods is relegated Ernie Els got the better of Thomas Bjorn yet again yesterday to win his first solo World Golf Championships title. And on a horribly wet and windy day at Mount Juliet in County 
Pantherscontain Vick,butstilllose CHARLOTTE, NC The Carolina Panthers finally found a way to contain Michael Vick, but it didn #39;t matter. The Atlanta Falcons still found a way to win, moving to 4-0 to match the best start in franchise history.
Allergy Free Soybean Plant Found in Ill. (AP) AP - Plant geneticist Ted Hymowitz knew that finding an allergy-free soybean would take a painstaking search through thousands of varieties. So Hymowitz got a grant, fetched a hammer and pounded away until he proved he was right.
Taliban target Cheney visit to Karzai ceremony The Taliban has said that it is aiming to disrupt the inaugaration ceremony of Afghanistan #39;s new president, Hamid Karzai, which will be attended by Dick Cheney, the American vice-president, Donald Rumsfeld, the defence secretary.
Vibrator shuts down Australian airport (AFP) AFP - Hundreds of airline passengers suffered disruption to their travel plans when a major regional airport was shut down for an hour after a humming and vibrating adult sex toy was mistaken for a bomb.
Bush, Kerry Forces Woo the Undecided (AP) AP - Put Barbara White down as undecided in the race for the White House.
Mideast Dispute Fades U.S. Political Issue (AP) AP - At a time of some of the worst fighting in years, the Israeli-Palestinian conflict wasn't even mentioned in last week's presidential debate and has been little discussed during the campaign.
Supreme Court Addresses Prison Sentences (AP) AP - With thousands of prison sentences on the line, the Supreme Court will decide whether judges have too much power to tack on extra cell time in a case that one justice said could wreak havoc on courthouses nationwide.
Israel Urged to Limit Military Response (AP) AP - The State Department called on Israel Friday to limit its military response to a rocket attack by Hamas that killed two small Israeli children.
Powerful Bomb Blasts Shake Central Baghdad  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Two bomb blasts shook separate areas of  central Baghdad on Monday, killing at least 10 people and  wounding 70, while U.S. and Iraqi forces pursued their  offensive against rebel strongholds elsewhere in the country.
Taiwan Chen Plans National Day Speech on China  TAIPEI (Reuters) - Taiwan President Chen Shui-bian said on  Monday he will make an important policy statement in his  National Day address on Oct. 10 that aims to soothe tense  relations with arch-foe China.
UN Nuclear Chief Wins S.Korean Cooperation Pledge  SEOUL (Reuters) - Top international nuclear regulator  Mohamed ElBaradei won a pledge from South Korea on Monday to  cooperate with the U.N. watchdog in the run-up to a report that  Seoul hopes will lift suspicions of clandestine atomic  activities.
Taipei battles ant infestation \The red fire ant, vicious and sometimes fatal, has infested the Taiwanese capital Taipei.
Vibrating trousers treat angina Patients with heart disease are being offered a  treatment with a difference - vibrating trousers.
Axed TV presenter joins Russian Newsweek The dismissal in June of Leonid Parfyonov, one of the best-known screen faces in Russia whose programme often tested the limits of Kremlin-defined political correctness, triggered fears of further crackdown on media freedom.
35 accused of Qaeda-linked plot to bomb targets in Lebanon BEIRUT -- A military prosecutor has charged 35 Arab nationals and alleged members of an Al Qaeda-linked terror group with plotting to bomb foreign targets in Lebanon, including the Italian and Ukrainian diplomatic missions, judicial officials said yesterday.
957 reported dead in '04 as Afghan election looms KANDAHAR, Afghanistan -- The killing in Afghanistan spirals onward, undermining US contentions of success in pacifying the country with less than a week to go before a historic experiment with democracy: direct presidential elections.
Friendships drive Islamic terrorists, CIA veteran says PARIS -- Three years after the Sept. 11 attacks forced the West to take a collective crash course on Islamic terrorism, the myths endure: The militants are impoverished and uneducated. Lifelong religious fervor drives them to embrace jihad. Al Qaeda aggressively recruits and brainwashes the men.
Cambodia ratifies deal to try Khmer Rouge leaders PHNOM PENH, Cambodia -- Cambodia's legislature approved a long-delayed agreement today to put surviving Khmer Rouge leaders on trial for atrocities that claimed nearly two million lives during their murderous rule in the late 1970s.
Blair deputy tells political challengers to steer clear LONDON -- Tony Blair's deputy, John Prescott, warned potential leadership rivals yesterday they would not be forgiven for challenging Britain's prime minister and threatening electoral success.
Leader of Haitian Senate arrested PORT-AU-PRINCE, Haiti -- Gunfire erupted in a slum teeming with loyalists of ousted President Jean-Bertrand Aristide yesterday, sending people scattering through the trash-strewn streets following days of political clashes that have left at least 14 dead.
Some question choices for honors by pope Pope John Paul II yesterday honored two figures linked to controversy, beatifying a German mystic whose violent visions of Christ's suffering helped inspire Mel Gibson's movie ''The Passion of the Christ, quot; and an Austrian emperor whose troops used poison gas. Before 30,000 people, including royalty and government representatives from Latin America and Europe, the pontiff also beatified an Italian nun ...
Victorious Iraqi forces patrol Samarra SAMARRA, Iraq -- Bloodied by weeks of suicide bombings and assassinations, Iraqi security forces emerged yesterday to patrol Samarra after a morale-boosting victory in this Sunni Triangle city, and US commanders praised their performance.
Nobel Prize Winners to Be Announced STOCKHOLM, Sweden - The guessing game over who will take home the world's most coveted awards ends this week with the announcement of the 2004 Nobel Prize winners.    The first announcement comes Monday with the physiology or medicine prize, followed by a week of announcements of winners for physics, chemistry, economics, peace and possibly literature...
Israelis Press Ahead With Gaza Offensive JERUSALEM - Five days into Israel's largest offensive in Gaza in years, army commanders were talking of an operation lasting weeks, while officials looked even further ahead - to Israel's planned evacuation of Gaza settlements next year.    Early Monday, the bodies of four Palestinians were brought from the northern town of Beit Lahiya to a Gaza hospital...
Two Blasts Rip Through Baghdad, Killing 8 BAGHDAD, Iraq - A car bomb exploded at an entrance to the Green Zone, a heavily fortified area in Baghdad that houses the U.S. Embassy and Iraqi government buildings, killing at least eight people and wounding about 50, hospital and military officials said...
New Attack Kills Six More in India Strife GAUHATI, India - Suspected rebels woke up sleeping villagers in northeastern India and fired on them with automatic weapons early Monday, killing six and raising the death toll to 63 from three days of violence in a region where dozens of ethnic rebel groups are fighting for separate homelands.    Seven people also were wounded when the group of heavily armed militants descended on Gelapukhuri, a village 130 miles north of Gauhati, the capital of Assam state, said police officer P...
Oil settles above \$50 US NEW YORK -- The price of oil settled above \$50 US a barrel for the first time yesterday amid concerns over tight supplies globally and hurricane-related production problems in the Gulf of Mexico.
Siemens wins 2.7-bln-euro services contract from BBC MUNICH, Germany : German electronics giant Siemens said that its Siemens Business Services unit had signed a 2.7-billion-euro (3.3-billion-dollar) contract to supply technology services to the British Broadcasting Corporation.
Dairy firm in talks to sell stake Scottish dairy firm Robert Wiseman is in talks about selling a 15 stake in the company to farmers #39; co-operative First Milk. The firm said the price of any deal is expected to be 250 pence per share, a 10 premium on Friday #39;s closing price.
Mideast #39;s largest IT fair opens in Dubai DUBAI: The Middle East #39;s largest technology exhibition, GITEX, opened here Sunday with the international IT industry out in full force to showcase the latest market innovations to an expected 100,000 visitors.
SpaceShipOne a Flight Away From \$10M Prize MOJAVE, Calif. Oct. 4, 2004 - Microsoft co-founder Paul G. Allen has sunk more than \$20 million into developing a manned rocket that reaches space.
Space station strategy Bill Gerstenmaier from NASA #39;s Johnson Space Center in Houston, Texas, has been manager of the International Space Station (ISS) programme for just over two years.
palmOne Announces the Tungsten T5 Its not really much of a surprise at this point, but at least we can now openly talk about the T5 and its specs. The palmOne Tungsten T5 features a Tungsten E-esque design, a brilliant 320x480 display, 256MB RAM, Bluetooth and several software updates.
Rooney brought down to earth After a debut that was the stuff of fantasy, Wayne Rooney was introduced to the real Manchester United yesterday. The 18-year-old could have been forgiven for thinking that life 
 #39;We own the South #39; Linebacker Keith Brooking makes the claim after 4-0 Atlanta matches the best start in franchise history. By Associated Press. CHARLOTTE, NC - The Atlanta Falcons stormed off the Panthers #39; field, a victory in hand and a message for the rest of the NFL.
North-born trainer lands Arc jackpot Northumberland-born trainer Jonathan Pease was cracking open the champagne last night after winning one of the top prizes in racing.
Juventus stretches Serie A lead with 1-0 win at Udinese Juventus beat Udinese 1-0 on a second-half goal by Uruguayan striker Marcelo Zalayeta and stretched its Serie A lead to two points ahead of surprising Messina on Sunday.
Owens makes Bears sit up and take notice Told that he ticked off the Chicago Bears with his latest touchdown celebration, Terrell Owens shrugged.  quot;Oh, well, quot; the Eagles wide receiver said today after his team #39;s 19-9 victory over the Bears at Soldier Field.
WR Clayton has mixed emotions on rookie year In some ways, this is shaping up as a fine rookie season for Tampa Bay Buccaneers WR Michael Clayton, a first-round draft pick this year out of LSU.
Baghdad car bomb kills eight, wounds dozens BAGHDAD - Doctors at a central Baghdad hospital said on Monday at least eight people were killed and 30 wounded in a car bomb blast near one of the entrances to the heavily fortified Green Zone.
Virus found in a dog for first time Asia #39;s deadly bird flu has been found in a dog for the first time in Thailand, authorities said yesterday, as the country battles a second major outbreak of the virus this year.
Terror suspects appeal to Law Lords Nine foreign terror suspects held indefinitely without charge in Britain will challenge their detention before the country #39;s highest court today.
Red Sox enter playoffs with seasoned performers The last two Saturdays of July changed the 2004 Boston baseball season. Before the final two weekends of the seventh month, the Red Sox were alarmingly average. The Olde Towne Team, swollen with the second-highest payroll (\$130 million) in the majors, was finishing a third consecutive month of .500 baseball and a season of great expectations looked like it might ...
Garciaparra still interested in Cubs BASEBALL Nomar Garciaparra can become a free agent after the World Series and will consider returning to the Chicago Cubs, his team for the final two months this season.  quot;Do I know what's going to happen, what is going on? That I can't foresee, quot; Garciaparra said before yesterday's season finale against Atlanta, one day after the Cubs were eliminated from ...
Sky high for Angels BALTIMORE -- It came to this: After traveling 41,442 miles, facing 25,592 pitches, and enduring more ups and downs than their Delta charter, the Red Sox yesterday happily ended the 2004 regular season where they began it in the visiting clubhouse at Camden Yards.
Astros live wild life HOUSTON -- Phil Garner savored the taste of champagne, the smell of his cigar and the wild celebration going on in the Houston Astros' clubhouse.
Twins hit road again Ben Broussard hit a two-run homer to lift the Cleveland Indians to a 5-2 victory over the Twins on a strange afternoon in Minneapolis, sending AL Central champion Minnesota to Yankee Stadium for the start of the playoffs.
For Angels, wings and a few prayers OAKLAND, Calif. -- First of all, clear the dusty library shelves of all history books. The Angels of today, about to face the Red Sox in the American League Division Series, were mostly schoolkids when their haloed forefathers fought the Sox for the '86 American League pennant.
Grieve land? Not this time Somewhere between misery and mediocrity reside the Cleveland Browns. Ten years after Art Modell's midnight run to Baltimore and six years since the franchise was readmitted to Club NFL, Browns fans are still looking for a reason to wear their Dawg Pound masks other than to cover their tears of shame.
Another opponent is left smarting ORCHARD PARK, N.Y. -- Two plays. Two decisions. The difference between two teams. Many things and not many things separated the New England Patriots from the Buffalo Bills yesterday at Ralph Wilson Stadium, but two plays made clear why the Patriots have won their last 18 games while the Bills have now lost six straight and 10 of their last ...
Stung by one that got away ORCHARD PARK, N.Y. -- It should have been the perfect cap to another precious win for Corey Dillon. For the first time in his three games as a Patriot, Dillon scored a touchdown, and he did so in grand fashion, bulling his way in from 15 yards.
Offenses veer in 4th quarter ORCHARD PARK, N.Y. -- By the sheer numbers, they seemed equal enough. What separated them, like what has separated Drew Bledsoe and Tom Brady for most of their careers, had nothing to do with arm strength or raw talent.
In crunch, Dolphins perfectly awful MIAMI -- The New York Jets went conservative yesterday, waiting for the mistakes that have doomed the Miami Dolphins in every game this season.
Happy returns for Revolution If Chicago defeats Columbus at Soldier Field Wednesday, the Fire will lead the Revolution by six points for the final Eastern Conference playoff berth. But the Revolution could be in position to earn the tiebreaker advantage when they meet the Fire at Gillette Stadium Oct. 16.
Sun shine again on way to Finals Taj McWilliams-Franklin burst into tears at the buzzer, her emotions finally getting the best of her.
Better late than never: Auburn climbs into mix The Auburn Tigers are coming. Steadily, but picking up speed and power. In the Southeastern Conference, the preseason chatter was about Louisiana State, the defending co-national champion, and perhaps Georgia.
PalmOne #39;s T5, Physician Friendly PalmOne has introduced the Tungsten T5 handheld with 256MB of flash memory aimed at physicians and healthcare professionals. The Tungsten T5 handheld #39;s flash memory protects information even if the device 
ROWNS 17, REDSKINS 13; Redskins 1-for-11 on third downs Finally on the field, Lee Suggs got the Browns running in the right direction. Suggs, who missed the first three games with a neck injury, rushed for 82 yards and scored on a 3-yard run in the fourth quarter.
Delaware to see Oracle-PeopleSoft (TheDeal.com) TheDeal.com - The takeover fight moves to Delaware's Court of Chancery, even as PeopleSoft dismisses its CEO.
Musharraf agrees war on terror makes world less safe Visiting Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf agreed with the British Broadcasting Corporation (BBC) here on Monday that the war on terror had made the world less safeand was not addressing the underlying causes of conflict.
Bird Flu Kills Nine-Year-Old Thai Girl, 31st Victim (Reuters) Reuters - Asia's bird flu epidemic, which experts\fear could spawn a human pandemic, has claimed its 31st victim,\a nine-year-old Thai girl who had contact with infected\chickens at home.
BP production up 11 percent Oil major BP #39;s BP.L oil and gas production has risen 11 percent in the third quarter from a year earlier, with sharply rising Russian output counteracting falls elsewhere, as oil prices soared to new highs.
UPDATE: 20th Century Fox Joins Blu-ray Disc Indus Group TOKYO (Dow Jones)--Hollywood movie studio the 20th Century Fox of News Corp. (NWS) said Monday it has joined an international industry association to develop and promote the Blu-ray Disc format - one of two 
Lastminute.com Says Profit to Be at Low End of Range (Update1) Lastminute.com Plc, an unprofitable UK travel company, expects profit before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization to be at the lower end of its forecast in fiscal 2005 as the company struggles to cut costs.
The looming national benefit crisis The long-term economic health of the United States is threatened by \$53 trillion in government debts and liabilities that start to come due in four years when baby boomers begin to retire.
Kodak wins Sun Java patents case, wants \$1bn Kodak is returning to court this week to claim \$1bn in damages and unpaid royalties from Sun Microsystems. The court found in favour of the camera company on Friday and ruled that Sun had infringed Kodak #39;s Java patents.
Siemens buys BBC technology for 150m Siemens have landed a ten-year deal to provide IT services to the BBC in an outsourcing contract, worth about 200m a year. The German technology group has been selected as part of a cost-cutting initiative 
Voice over IP coming to NMCI If plans by officials at the Navy and EDS work out, the Navy Marine Corps Intranet could soon become one of the largest systems using voice-over-IP technology in the world.
Violence Erupts in Southern Thailand A massive airdrop of paper birds intended to promote peace failed to halt violence in Thailand #39;s restive south, with a spate of new attacks Monday that targeted soldiers and local officials.
SpaceShipOne set to take X-Prize The rocket plane SpaceShipOne is just one flight away from claiming the Ansari X-Prize, a \$10m award designed to kick-start private space travel.
Israeli Spy Freed in Exchange for 6 Students Egypt set free an Israeli intelligence agent, Azzam Azzam, in exchange for six Egyptian students. One of Azzam #39;s relatives spoke to Israeli Radio and said that Azzam entered Israel through the Taba control point in the city of Eylat and was looking well.
India clinch home TV deal India fans will be able to watch the Test series against Australia after a domestic television deal is reached.
Twin Car Bombs Explode in Baghdad, Killing at Least 10 A car bomb exploded near an entrance to Baghdad's Green Zone, killing at least 10 people and wounding 76. Less than an hour later, a second car bomb blew up near the Baghdad Hotel.
In The Service: EDS Gets Intranet Project Back On Track EDS #39;s effort to build the Navy and Marine Corps Intranet has been plagued by problems ever since the services vendor won the original \$6.
PalmOne unveils 256MB Flash drive T5 PDA PalmOne launched the Tungsten T5, its first PDA to ship with 256MB of memory and the first to operate as a USB Flash drive, this morning, as anticipated.
Tech powers seek antipiracy accord A consortium of technology companies hopes to create a common antipiracy language, ending the Babel of copy-proofing technologies that has rendered much digital content and hardware incompatible.
Sony abandons copy-protected CDs Sony is abandoning its copy-protected CDs that use built-in technology to limit copying them. The CDs allow users to copy their music once for free onto a personal computer, but use the internet to charge a fee for subsequent copies of the same disc.
Ferguson praise for Boro Manchester United coach Sir Alex Ferguson refused to criticise his side after they were held to a 1-1 draw at home to Middlesbrough.
Pack goes  #39;poof #39; with Favre on sidelines The Green Bay Packers finally got a glimpse of life without Brett Favre on Sunday. And with their franchise quarterback watching the last 1 1/2 quarters from the sidelines, there wasn #39;t much life in the Green Bay Packers.
Sfa Eye Euro 2008 The Scottish Football Association have confirmed their interest in staging Euro 2008 if UEFA are not satisfied with the preparations being made by Austria and Switzerland.
Eight killed in Baghdad blasts Security personnel carry a victim of one of two bomb attacks in Baghdad. Photograph: Akram Saleh/Reuters. At least eight people were killed and 50 wounded today in two car bomb attacks in central Baghdad.
ETA KINGPIN HELD IN RAIDS THE suspected leader of Basque terror group ETA #39;s political wing was arrested in France yesterday. Mikel Iriarte, 43, had been on the run since 1993.
Poland Leaves Iraq December 2005 Poland will withdraw its troops from Iraq by the end of 2005 according to Poland #39;s Defense Minister Jerzy Szmajdzinski, AFP announced.
Humming sex toy shuts Australian airport SYDNEY - A vibrating sex toy in a trash bin sparked a security scare and shut a regional Australian airport for almost an hour, officials said Monday.
Already 3-0, they are hard to contend with ORCHARD PARK, N.Y. -- OK, so now the Patriots are 3-0 on this exhib-, no, wait, these games actually count , don't they?
Alleged Apple Flash iPod 'partner' signs with Rio SigmaTel's chips claimed to have won Apple's support
Americans fear lightning more than hackers That #39;s according to a straw poll of 493 people performed by the US non-profit group the National Cyber Security Alliance (NCSA), which carried out a survey in mid-September at the Digital Edge Expo in Washington, DC.
Trinidad #39;s win stops the bleeding After boxing suffered a one-two punch with knockouts of Oscar De La Hoya and Roy Jones Jr. on successive weekends, Felix Trinidad swept away the devastation in a swift lesson about the battered game #39;s resiliency.
Win puts Junior in points lead TALLADEGA, Ala. - Dale Earnhardt Jr. was nearly perfect on the racetrack. His only slipup Sunday came during a postrace television interview.
Fill 'er Up, With Microbes Researchers are goading tiny organisms like bacteria and algae into producing fuels like hydrogen and methane. The process is not useful yet, but the technology could be a solution to the energy problem. By Amit Asaravala.
Schroder reaffirms support for Turkeys bid The European Commission is expected later this week to recommend EU membership talks with Turkey. Meanwhile, German Chancellor Gerhard Schroeder and Turkish Prime Minister Tayyip Erdogan are anticipating a  quot;positive report.
Bird flu kills one in Thailand, resurfaces in Indonesia Bird flu has killed a nine-year-old Thai girl, raising the country #39;s toll from the deadly disease to 11 this year, a Health Ministry spokeswoman said on Monday.
Bigley possibly handed to new group British Iraq hostage Kenneth Bigley may have been handed over to a new group, his brother Paul says. Bigley, a 62-year-old engineer, was seized 18 days ago with two Americans 
Genome Model Applied to Software Open-source developers attempting to reverse-engineer the mysteries of private networking software turn to genomics research. They're applying algorithms developed by biologists to decipher the secrets of closed networks. By Danny O'Brien.
Geeks Take on the Mississippi Wired News takes a trip down the historic Great River Road that winds along the full length of the mighty Mississippi. The route along 'Ol' Man River' is surprisingly rich in techie tinkerers. By Michelle Delio.
Change in the Chinese Wind Looking for ways to satisfy a growing need for power and reduce pollution, China is turning to wind power, along with other green alternatives. By Stephen Leahy.
Pinpointing Voters on a Map Voter databases are old hat to political campaigns. But by taking that same data and overlaying it on a map -- a technology called geographic information systems -- operatives are becoming more effective at getting out the vote. By Jacob Ogles.
The Crew of Halo 2 Meet the special-effects gods who created the most anticipated game of the year. By David Kushner from Wired magazine.
E-Voting Fans: The Disabled Many voter rights' advocates are fighting to decertify electronic voting machines, arguing they're not reliable. But one bloc is behind the new equipment -- disabled voters who say the machines give them privacy.
California Goes After Spyware The Golden State passes a law aimed at cracking down on what some feel is the internet's next scourge -- spyware. But critics say it's only a partial step toward protecting consumers.
Vioxx: How Safe Is FDA Approval? The problems with Vioxx, taken off the market last week, raise questions about the Food and Drug Administration's safety review process. Observers say longer clinical trials should be required.
USPO Ditches Home Photo Stamps Make a stamp? Nope, no more, says the U.S. Postal Service. Though most used the service to create postage from images of their dogs, babies and weddings, some folks made legal postage out of images of not-so-nice people.
Hungarian PM celebrates as referendum flops Hungarian Prime Minister Ferenc Gyurcsany has hailed the failure of a nationalist inspired referendum on Hungarian citizenship as a victory for common sense.
SBC gizmo saves time by checking time-saving gadgets In the old days, before so much time was eaten up by time-saving gadgets, you could check all your communications in one place -- your mailbox.
HK Shares End Up At 7-Mo High; Led By China,Property Stks HONG KONG (Dow Jones)--Hong Kong shares closed at a seven-month high Monday, led by China-related and local property stocks, with recent Wall Street gains boosting sentiment.
Some consumers getting that sinking feeling Consumers who cut it close by paying bills from their checking accounts a couple of days before depositing funds will be out of luck under a new law that takes effect Oct. 28.
This support for Kerry came at a bad time Last Thursday #39;s presidential debate was still in progress when the e-mails started trickling in from citizens around the country.
Alleged Apple Flash iPod  #39;partner #39; signs with Rio Hopes that Apple may be preparing a Flash-based iPod appeared to be dashed on Friday when the company #39;s alleged MP3 chip partner announced a deal with Apple portable player rival Rio.
Owens makes Bears sit up and take notice After scoring the Eagles #39; lone touchdown on an 11-yard pass from Donovan McNabb, Terrell Owens lay down in the end zone and did six sit-ups.
GRADING THE JETS The stats were ugly: One offensive touchdown, 1-for-11 on third down, three sacks, fewer than 150 yards passing, and no consistency.
Gaza Strip bloodshed continues Violent clashes are continuing in the Gaza Strip on the fifth day of Israeli attacks in the region. At least three Palestinians were killed in early morning raids launched shortly after Israel #39;s army chief 
US, Iraq control Samarra SAMARRA, Iraq - US and Iraqi forces in Samarra on Sunday finished retaking the last insurgent-controlled neighborhood, completing a relentless three-day push through this ancient city in a first step toward wresting control of important central Iraqi 
Latest mobiles 'open to attack' The latest generation of mobile phones is vulnerable to hackers, a security conference is told.
SpaceShipOne set to take X-Prize The rocket plane SpaceShipOne is just one flight away from claiming the \$10m Ansari X-Prize.
Mini lab offers on the spot tests The research arm of the MoD has come up with a portable lab that can used by vets, doctors and the food industry.
Oil Eases on Nigeria Peace Pact (Reuters) Reuters - Oil prices eased on Monday after rebels\in Nigeria withdrew a threat to target oil operations, but\lingering concerns over stretched supplies ahead of winter kept\prices close to  #36;50.
Optimism Lifts Stocks, But Oil Haunts  LONDON (Reuters) - Optimism about corporate earnings and  continued global economic strength drove European and Japanese  stocks higher on Monday, although oil prices near \$50 a barrel  kept investors edgy.
Nintendo Raises Net Profit Estimate  OSAKA (Reuters) - Japanese game maker Nintendo Co. Ltd.  raised its full-year net profit forecast by 20 percent on  Monday, citing a stronger dollar and solid demand for software  titles for its handheld GameBoy Advance machine.
'Personal spaceflight revolution' beckons SpaceShipOne is just one flight away from claiming the Ansari X-Prize, a \$10m award designed to kick-start private space travel.
Sharp Expects Record Operating Profit  OSAKA (Reuters) - Sharp Corp., the world's largest maker of  liquid crystal display televisions, said on Monday it expected  operating profit for the April-September first half to rise 32  percent to a record on strong demand for LCD TVs.
Man Utd confirms bid approach Shares in Manchester United rally on Monday as the club confirms it has received a takeover approach.
US economy in peril as debts come due in  #39;08 The long-term economic health of the United States is threatened by \$53 trillion in government debts and liabilities that start to come due in four years when baby boomers begin to retire.
Kodak wants \$1 billion Java damages from Sun LOCAL NEWSPAPER The Democrat and Chronicle reports that Kodak will demand \$1 billion in damages from Sun Microsystems in a landmark case over Java.
Saga in 1.35bn management buyout Holidays-to-insurance company Saga has been sold in a 1.35bn (\$2.43bn) management buyout deal backed by private equity firm Charterhouse.
Singapore Shares End Up; Hits 2004 High Singapore shares rose to fresh highs for the year Monday, with market sentiment buoyed by Wall Street #39;s broad gains on Friday, traders said.
Asian Stock Markets Close Higher Asian stock markets close higher across the board Monday following gains on Wall Street, with key indexes hitting new record highs in Indonesia and Australia.
Going with the Grain General Mills is converting all of its breakfast cereals to whole grain, making it the latest food company to undergo a nutritional makeover amid calls by government and consumer groups for healthier eating.
Internet Explorer Vs. Firefox NEW YORK - The world of Web browsing has reached a tipping point. Microsoft #39;s Internet Explorer browser has been and remains the de facto standard for Internet users.
Protecting Children Online When They are Most at Risk - New New radio and online advertising, which targets children with safety advice when they are most at risk - when they are actually online, was unveiled by Home Office Minister Paul Goggins today.
AT amp;T and Vonage do battle Voice over IP calls are getting cheaper - Vonage and AT amp;T both announced lower monthly charges late last week. AT amp;T said it would reduce its monthly charge by five dollars to \$30 a month for unlimited local and long distance calls in Canada and the US.
Wi-Fi, WiMAX dead and gone, fibre pundits say IT #39;S BEEN a heck of an interesting two days here in Iceland. I #39;ve seen some interesting technology, heard some inventive speeches and met some people with different ideas.
Vivisimo #39;s Clusty Takes on Google Search engine company Vivisimo have launched the beta of their new Clusty search engine, and it #39;s open to the public to try out.
Man United gets bid approach The world #39;s richest soccer club Manchester United says it has received a takeover approach from an unnamed suitor, sending its shares higher and fanning speculation that 
Fergie Roo-ing Wayne #39;s debut THIS was not the plan Sir Alex Ferguson had in mind for suppressing Wayne Rooney fever. The Manchester United boss has no doubt been wincing at the Rooney hysteria following his sensational debut hat-trick against Fenerbahce.
Clijsters #39; career  #39;could be over #39; Belgian superstar Kim Clijsters #39; career could be over after she broke down again with a troublesome wrist injury playing in a tournament in her home country at the weekend.
Christie kicking himself Steve Christie, a 15-year veteran, knows there are no excuses for missing field goals of 30 and 33 yards, even if they were into a swirling wind.
No one comes to defense on turnover-plagued day They spent the summer marveling over their lineup changes and their improvement, the big-name veterans they signed and the strategic concepts they imported from the champion New England Patriots.
Two Blasts Rip Through Baghdad, Killing 15 BAGHDAD, Iraq Oct. 4, 2004 - Two car bombs ripped through Baghdad streets on Monday, with one blast killing at least 15 people and wounding 81 at an entrance to the Green Zone, the seat of the US Embassy and key Iraqi government offices, officials said.
Early miscues slow Eagles After three weeks of near-perfection in the red zone, the Philadelphia Eagles finally faltered Sunday in Chicago against the Bears.
No agreement on Iraq debt relief WASHINGTON The world #39;s economic powers, which ended three days of meetings yesterday, insisted they are moving closer to a deal on debt relief for Iraq and other poor nations even though an agreement has proved elusive.
Lastminute.com hit by  quot;challenging quot; summer Online travel store Lastminute.com LMC.L says earnings for its crucial summer quarter will come in towards the lower end of expectations, sending its stock down 5 percent in early trade.
Kodak may scoop 580m in court win EASTMAN Kodak is in line for a \$1.06bn (580m) payout after winning a controversial patent lawsuit against Sun Microsystems. A jury has ruled that Sun #39;s Java software infringes several software patents that Eastman Kodak bought in 1997.
Campaigns Spending Little on Web Ads (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - The presidential ad war online is beginning to look more like a skirmish.
Nintendo Raises Net Profit Estimate (Reuters) Reuters - Japanese game maker Nintendo Co. Ltd.\raised its full-year net profit forecast by 20 percent on\Monday, citing a stronger dollar and solid demand for software\titles for its handheld GameBoy Advance machine.
Three Cosmic Explosions Could Precede Supernovae (Reuters) Reuters - A trio of powerful explosions\emanating from three different regions in space could mean\astronomers might see stars blowing up within days, scientists\said on Friday.
Campaigns Spending Little on Web Ads The presidential ad war online is beginning to look more like a skirmish.
CSSI to Make Its Way in the Sky CSSI Inc. of Washington  was picked by the United States and the United Nations to carve out more airspace in the crowded sky.
BioSET Offers New Twist on the Healing Touch Doctors routinely use plates, rods and screws to bolt a nasty bone fracture back together. But all of that hardware won't help heal the bone and muscle tissue surrounding the injury, said Thomas G. Roueche, president and chief executive of BioSurface Engineering Technologies Inc. of College Park.
Jaguar Gets Low Crash Test Score The 2004 Jaguar X-Type got the worst rating of any midsize sedan in side-impact crash tests conducted by the insurance industry.
S Korea to scrutinise Citigroup South Korea's markets watchdog says it is to inspect Citigroup's local operation, days after regulators censured the bank's Japanese business.
Secrets of smell land Nobel Prize \Two US scientists win the Nobel Prize for Medicine for uncovering the secrets of the human sense of smell.
Worldpay struck by online attack Internet payment system Worldpay is under attack from hackers delaying transaction times for hundreds of online retailers.
Stocks Ascend as Oil Eases and Techs Gain US stocks moved higher late on Friday morning in a broad-based advance, as oil prices dipped, shares of PeopleSoft Inc. (PSFT) boosted the tech-heavy Nasdaq and 
HK stocks end at 7-month high Hong Kong #39;s top share index hit a seven-month high on Monday, with both blue chips and China stocks gaining ground as markets rallied throughout the region.
Merck woes weigh on stocks Wall Street closed out a dismal third quarter with a mixed performance Thursday after Merck  amp; Co. said it would be forced to remove its best-selling Vioxx arthritis drug from the market.
SpaceShipOne goes for X-Prize glory SpaceShipOne will today attempt to reach an altitude of 100km for the second time in less than a fortnight, and thereby claim the \$10m X-Prize for the first private space vehicle to accomplish the feat.
Former con man joins crime battle FORMER con artist Frank Abagnale, whose life was portrayed in the film Catch Me if You Can, has been recruited to help in the battle against cyber crime as spokesman for the National Cyber Security Alliance (NCSA) in a forthcoming campaign.
United face takeover bid Manchester United have received a  quot;preliminary approach quot; regarding a  quot;possible offer quot; to takeover the club. The club #39;s board said they are  quot;seeking clarification of this proposal quot; and that at this stage  quot;it is unclear whether any offer will be made quot;.
Funk finds winner #39;s circle again Fred Funk birdied the final hole to finish off a final-round 6-under 66 and win the Southern Farm Bureau Classic by a stroke Sunday, his first PGA Tour victory in six years.
Consensus eludes in Fund-Bank meet The annual meeting of World Bank and IMF failed to arrive at a consensus in giving more powers to developing countries in decision-making besides increasing aid flow for reducing poverty.
SBC set to unify all your messages Customers can retrieve a variety of electronic missives by phone or via a Web site. By Clint Swett -- Bee Staff Writer. Get weekday updates of Sacramento Bee headlines and breaking news.
San Miguel may bid for 40 stake in Del Monte Pacific SINGAPORE : The Philippines #39; largest food and beverage group, San Miguel Corp, says it may bid for a 40 percent stake in Singapore-listed Del Monte Pacific.
Hyundai scores well in value survey NEW YORK (CNN/Money) - Cars made by Korea #39;s Hyundai have been rated as the best value among all makes due to improved customer opinion of its quality, according to a published report Monday.
Thierry will put Zidane in shade Arsene Wenger today tipped Thierry Henry to overtake Zinedine Zidane as the world #39;s greatest footballer. With FIFA due to announce the shortlist for the world player of 
Oil price drops but fears remain The price of US crude oil has eased in early trade, after breaching the \$50-a-barrel mark on Friday. Light sweet crude for November delivery fell 42 cents from Friday #39;s \$50.
An 'Incredibles' effort (USATODAY.com) USATODAY.com - A tenuous relationship between Disney and Pixar has not stopped marketers from teaming on promotional tie-ins for the partnership's latest release, The Incredibles. Among those hoping to capitalize on the movie is SBC, which is promoting its Internet and satellite dish service.
Sacked, and now they're back (USATODAY.com) USATODAY.com - XM Satellite Radio kicks off talk shows today featuring Bob Edwards, the husky-voiced National Public Radio star whose dismissal last spring caused an uproar from loyal listeners, and shock jocks Opie and Anthony, who were silenced two years ago after staging a stunt involving a couple having sex at St. Patrick's Cathedral in New York.
PalmOne Wi-Fi SD Card &lt;strong&gt;Review&lt;/strong&gt; Wireless networking for your Zire 72, Tungsten T3 or T5
Poland to pull troops from Iraq by end of 2005: defense minister (AFP) AFP - Poland will pull all of its troops out of Iraq by the end of 2005, with Defense Minister Jerzy Szmajdzinski for the first time setting a firm timetable for withdrawal by this key US ally.
Ex-general declared victor in Indonesian elections (AFP) AFP - Retired general Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono was confirmed as Indonesia's next leader as final counting from the country's first direct presidential polls gave him a landslide victory over his predecessor.
Shuttle loses March-April window The US space agency has pushed back the return to flight of the space shuttles until May at the earliest because of hurricane disruption.
Stocks to Open Higher on Growth Outlook NEW YORK - U.S. stocks are seen sharply higher at the open Monday as investors remain upbeat about the outlook for economic and corporate profit growth...
Americans Win Nobel for Medicine STOCKHOLM, Sweden - Americans Richard Axel and Linda B. Buck have won the 2004 Nobel Prize in physiology or medicine for their work in studying the biology of the sense of smell...
Party of Brazil's President Party Stronger In its first electoral test since taking power 21 months ago, the party of Brazil's left-leaning president emerged stronger from nationwide municipal elections but could not come in first in the country's biggest and most important city, Sao Paulo.
Bye-bye blueprint: 3D modeling catches on Three-dimensional technology is changing the way buildings are designed and built--but the industry will have to change, too.
Kodak wins \$1bn fight over Sun #39;s Java Kodak has won a legal battle over Java that could see Sun landed with a \$1bn legal bill. According to ruling made by a court in Rochester, New York, Sun has infringed a patent Kodak bought from Wang Laboratories 
New England Patriots Win 18th Straight (AP) AP - Five NFL teams haven't lost this season. One of them, the New England Patriots, haven't lost in more than a year.
Space stationsa mess until shuttle resumes So a few weeks ago, the two astronauts who live there tossed out some useless junk, like so many old hubcaps for the trash heap. And the throwing-away - done during a recent spacewalk -as 
Shuttle loses March-April window The US space agency (Nasa) has pushed back the return to flight of the space shuttles until May at the earliest. The Discovery orbiter was due to launch in March or April on a mission to the International 
Ex-general Indonesia #39;s new leader Former Indonesian general Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono has become Indonesia first directly elected president in a landslide victory. Yudhoyono, who promised to inject fresh life into 
Brazilian Ruling Party Makes Gains in Local Elections Brazil #39;s ruling party has made gains in Sunday #39;s local elections seen as mid-term referendum on the government of left-leaning President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva.
New Order Reflected by Tiger's Slide in Rankings  WATERFORD, Ireland (Reuters) - Tiger Woods's slide down the  world rankings over the last month underlines the changing face  of golf in 2004.
Jacques and Fernando ready for Suzuka The two Renault F1 Team drivers say the Japanese circuit is among their favourites, and are promising strong performances this weekend. Get ready!
Best Buy initiates a battle of the brands With HP and others offering direct sales, the brick-and-mortar giant is fighting fire with fire, offering its own products alongside theirs.
PeopleSoft Sees Revenue Above Views (Reuters) Reuters - PeopleSoft Inc.  on Monday\forecast third-quarter revenue would exceed Wall Street\expectations, saying it added 150 new customers and had more\large software license transactions than in the previous\quarter.
Stocks Seen Higher as Oil Prices Ease  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks looked to open higher on  Monday, extending Friday's broad rally, as oil prices fall  below \$50 a barrel on easing tensions in Nigeria.
PeopleSoft Sees Revenue Above Views  NEW YORK (Reuters) - PeopleSoft Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=PSFT.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;PSFT.O&lt;/A&gt; on Monday  forecast third-quarter revenue would exceed Wall Street  expectations, saying it added 150 new customers and had more  large software license transactions than in the previous  quarter.
BP Relies on Russia for Higher Production  LONDON (Reuters) - BP Plc's oil and gas production rose 11  percent on the year in the third quarter but analysts expect  strong earnings for the quarter to be mainly due to runaway oil  prices rather than BP's record in finding oil.
But hurricanes and more impact in the third quarter LONDON (CBS.MW) - British oil major BP Monday said third quarter production rose 11 percent on the year-ago quarter to 3.88 million barrels of oil equivalent a day, missing some analyst expectations for a rise of as much as 14 percent.
Lazard partners get deadline for IPO Lazard #39;s board will meet Tuesday to discuss plans for a possible initial public offering for the independent investment bank, sources close to the matter said.
INTERVIEW: Titan Petchem Sees No Flagging China Demand HONG KONG (Dow Jones)--China #39;s thirst for oil has created boom times for tanker companies. And despite Beijing #39;s efforts to cool the economy, demand for oil isn #39;t likely 
Microsoft said to nix PeopleSoft bid Microsoft #39;s chief executive has ruled out acting as the white knight for business software maker PeopleSoft, which is trying to fight off a hostile takeover from Oracle, a newspaper reported Monday.
Missouri Mom Sues Vioxx For Maker For Daughter #39;s Death KANSAS CITY, Mo. -- A Missouri woman is suing the maker of arthritis drug Vioxx over the 2002 death of her daughter. The suit was filed Friday by Caroline Nevels of Lexington, Mo.
Kodak wins Java lawsuit Eastman Kodak Co. will return to US District Court next week to seek \$1 billion in damages from Sun Microsystems Inc. now that a federal jury has ruled in its favor in a dispute over the Java computer language.
Fans oppose Glazer bid Manchester United supporters have reacted angrily to news that the club could be bought out by Malcolm Glazer. The club confirmed on Monday it had received a takeover approach, thought to be from the American businessman.
Patriots Make the Bills Pay and Win Their 18th Game in a Row Rashad Baker, a rookie defensive back for the Buffalo Bills, learned a hard lesson Sunday in his third NFL game: you can #39;t give the New England Patriots a second chance.
SunGard to Spin Off Its Information Services Business (Update1) SunGard Data Systems Inc., whose software handles most of the Nasdaq Stock Market trades, said it will spin off its division that helps information-technology dependent businesses keep access to their information.
IBM Introducing Fingerprint Reader into Laptop  quot;Today we raised the bar on security for the entire PC industry, quot; IBM Personal Computing Division General Manager Fran O #39;Sullivan said.
Will Owen make Wales match? LONDON, 4 Oct. -- Forward Michael Owen is doubtful for England #39;s World Cup qualifier against Wales on Saturday because of a leg muscle injury sustained in his home debut for Real Madrid on Sunday.
Man United gets bid approach Manchester United MNU.L , the world #39;s richest soccer club, has received a bid approach, boosting its shares and fanning talk US sports tycoon Malcolm Glazer is planning a bid likely to top 650 million pounds.
Twin blasts kill 10 in Baghad At least 10 people were killed and 70 injured in two separate explosions which rocked central Baghdad Monday, report agencies. In the first attack, a car sped towards an entrance to the Green Zone, which houses 
Two Car Bombs Rip Through Baghdad, Killing At Least 15 And &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; _ Two car bombs ripped through Baghdad streets on Monday, with one blast killing at least 15 people and wounding 81 at an entrance to the Green Zone, the seat of the US Embassy and key Iraqi government offices, officials said.
UK hostage  #39;in hands of new group #39; LONDON, England -- The brother of British hostage Ken Bigley has said he believes the captive is now in the hands of a more moderate group in Iraq.
Security Divides Leading Australian Parties Ahead of Election The leading candidates in Australia #39;s national elections have very different positions on the country #39;s role in the war on terror.
Bomb scare forces Singapore plane to UK A Singapore Airlines plane flying to New York from Frankfurt has been diverted to Manchester airport after a bomb threat. The Boeing 747-400 landed safely at around 11.
PeopleSoft Expects Sales Above Estimates (AP) AP - Business software maker PeopleSoft Inc. said Monday that it expects third-quarter revenue to range between  #36;680 million and  #36;695 million, above average Wall Street estimates of  #36;651.9 million.
PeopleSoft Sees Revenue Above Estimates (Reuters) Reuters - PeopleSoft Inc.  on Monday\forecast third-quarter revenue would exceed Wall Street\expectations, helped by an increase in customers making larger\orders for its business software.
S.Korean Conservatives Stage Big Anti-North Rally (Reuters) Reuters - About 100,000 South Koreans staged an\anti-communist rally on Monday, burning North Korean flags to\press their calls for the downfall of the Pyongyang government\and an end of its suspected nuclear weapons programs.
Myanmar Still Irritant as Asia, Europe Heads Meet (Reuters) Reuters - The absent member will be the one holding\center-stage at a meeting in Hanoi of leaders of Asia and\Europe. In a hard-fought compromise, Myanmar's ruling junta\will not send its government head.
Millions in Ethiopia Said to Need Food Aid (AP) AP - At least 4 million Ethiopians would die each year without food aid, a British aid group said Monday, marking 20 years since a devastating famine killed more than half a million people in the impoverished country.
India's monsoon below normal, to hit growth (Reuters) Reuters - India's monsoon rains have been below normal this year mainly because of an El Nino weather condition and are expected to hit growth in the farm-dependent economy, weather officials and analysts said on Monday.
Report: U.S. to Crack Down on Pirated Material  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. officials are expected to  announce on Monday a coordinated crackdown on the theft of U.S.  intellectual property such as pirated compact discs and  knockoff auto parts, the Wall Street Journal reported on  Monday,
Myanmar Still Irritant as Asia, Europe Heads Meet  HANOI (Reuters) - The absent member will be the one holding  center-stage at a meeting in Hanoi of leaders of Asia and  Europe. In a hard-fought compromise, Myanmar's ruling junta  will not send its government head.
SpaceShipOne Readies for \$10 Mln X Prize Flight A privately built rocket plane\will try to blast out of the atmosphere over the Mojave Desert\on Monday for the second time in less than a week to win a \$10\million prize for the first commercially viable manned\spacecraft.
Disabled Are Pleased With E-Voting This November, Eileen Rivera Ley, 41, will vote by herself for the first time. Blind voters in Maryland and several other states will use electronic voting machines equipped with technology that allows the disabled to vote independently.
U.S. Researchers Share 2004 Nobel Prize STOCKHOLM, Sweden - American researchers Richard Axel and Linda B. Buck shared the 2004 Nobel Prize in physiology or medicine on Monday for their work on the sense of smell - showing how, for example, a person can smell a lilac in the spring and recall it in the winter...
Bush to Sign Tax Cut Bill in Iowa WASHINGTON - Just in time for the election, President Bush is going to one of the most contested states to sign his fourth tax cut in four years.    The White House is holding the signing ceremony Monday at a YMCA in Des Moines, Iowa - a Democratic area of a state that Bush lost by a razor-thin margin in 2000...
Two Blasts Rip Through Baghdad, Killing 21 BAGHDAD, Iraq - Two car bombs ripped through crowded Baghdad streets on Monday, killing at least 21 people and wounding 96, as insurgents step up their campaign to undermine the country's U.S.-backed interim government and drive the United States and its allies out of Iraq.    In the first explosion, a four-wheel-drive vehicle packed with explosives detonated outside the heavily fortified Green Zone, the seat of the U.S...
New Attack Kills Six More in India Strife GAUHATI, India - Suspected separatist rebels attacked sleeping villagers in northeastern India on Monday, killing six in a third day of explosions and gun attacks that have left at least 63 people dead in northeast India.    Seven people were wounded when the militants opened fire with machine guns on families in Gelapukhuri, a village 130 miles north of Gauhati, the capital of Assam state, said police officer P...
PeopleSoft Expects Sales Above Estimates Business software maker PeopleSoft Inc. said Monday that it expects third-quarter revenue to range between \$680 million and \$695 million, above average Wall Street estimates of \$651.
Nintendo Raises Its Earnings Estimate Japanese game maker Nintendo Co. raised its earnings outlook for its fiscal first half, saying Monday a strong US dollar had helped its business.
Blending e-mail, voicemail, faxes part of SBC strategy DALLAS SBC executives have a vision for the future. It combines voicemail, e-mail and incoming fax messages in one system that can be accessed on the Web or on the phone.
Storm Defeat Monarchs 66-54 (AP) AP - Lauren Jackson scored 23 points and the Seattle Storm forced a decisive third game in the Western Conference finals, beating the Sacramento Monarchs 66-54 Sunday night.
Ansari X Prize is one small step away SpaceShipOne will attempt to rocket into space today for the second time - following last Wednesdays successful flight - in order to bag the \$10 million Ansari X Prize, which has gone unclaimed for eight years.
New Tungsten T5 Boasts 256MB Flash Memory palmOne introduced Monday the Tungsten T5 handheld with 256 megabytes of flash memory - the most built into a handheld to date. Expected to be widely available 
Car Bombs in Iraq Kill 21, Wound More Than 100 A series of car bomb blasts tore through Baghdad and the northern Iraq city of Mosul on Monday, killing at least 21 people and wounding scores.
Poland talks of Iraq withdrawal Poland #39;s Defence Minister, Jerzy Szmajdzinski, has said he believes Polish troops should withdraw from Iraq at the end of next year.
Kodak wins patent lawsuit against Sun A federal jury in New York has dealt a legal blow to Sun Microsystems Inc., ruling that Sun violated several patents held by Eastman Kodak Co. when it developed its Java technology, a Kodak spokeswoman confirmed on Monday.
BMC rounds out SmartDBA family with IMS mainframe BMC Software Inc. has added IBM Corp.'s IMS mainframe database to the platforms supported by its SmartDBA family of products, completing a two-year mission to provide tools for managing all of the major databases from a single, Web-based console.
Microsoft eyes smaller code base for Longhorn Microsoft Corp. is developing versions of its Windows operating system with only a subset of the Windows code base, designed for specific server tasks, in a move that could reduce maintenance costs for customers and create products that are less vulnerable to attack.
Chinese handset makers led chip slowdown A slowdown in demand for semiconductors that began earlier this year was caused in part by Chinese cellular handset makers' inexperience with managing their supply chains and forecasting end-user demand, according to the top executive at semiconductor distributor Avnet Inc.
Oracle exec upbeat about China's RFID plans Despite lingering fears of incompatibility between China's upcoming RFID (radio frequency identification) standard and international standards, the Chinese government's plans to impose a mandatory standard for RFID are unlikely to result in sharply higher costs for companies that use the technology, according to an Oracle Corp. executive.&lt;p&gt;ADVERTISEMENT&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;&lt;img src="http://ad.doubleclick.net/ad/idg.us.ifw.general/sbcspotrssfeed;sz=1x1;ord=200301151450?" width="1" height="1" border="0"/&gt;&lt;a href="http://ad.doubleclick.net/clk;9228975;9651165;a?http://www.infoworld.com/spotlights/sbc/main.html?lpid0103035400730000idlp"&gt;SBC Case Study: Crate   Barrel&lt;/a&gt;&lt;br/&gt;What sold them on improving their network? A system that could cut management costs from the get-go. Find out more.&lt;/p&gt;
Fox Film Trots Towards Blu-ray Movie studio won't commit to a format for releasing its films, however.
Oil Off from Record Highs on Nigeria Pact  LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices eased on Monday after rebels  in Nigeria withdrew a threat to target oil operations, but  lingering concerns over stretched supplies ahead of winter kept  prices close to \$50.
European Stocks Are at Five Month Highs  PARIS (Reuters) - European equities flirted with 5-month  peaks as hopes that economic growth was sustainable and a small  dip in oil prices helped lure investors back to recent  underperformers such as technology and insurance stocks.
Dollar Jumps as the G7 Fades  LONDON (Reuters) - The dollar surged against the euro, yen  and Swiss franc on Monday as, with a Group of Seven rich  nations meeting out of the way, the greenback was free to join  a wave of optimism about the U.S. economy.
Oil Prices Washington Post staff writer Justin Blum will be online to answer your questions on soaring oil prices, their causes and their effects.
PalmOne intros Tungsten T5 PDA PalmOne Inc. on Monday introduced the Tungsten T5, the company #39;s latest high-end PDA. The new T5 sports flash memory that will retain data even if the device #39;s battery discharges, a 320 x 480 pixel color screen, Bluetooth standard and more.
Vivisimo launches Clusty.com Pittsburgh-based alternative search engine Vivsimo has unveiled Clusty.com, a full-service search site powered completely by the company #39;s clustering technology.
How Malcolm Glazer built his stake in Man Utd Manchester United says it has received a bid approach, sparking speculation US sports tycoon Malcolm Glazer was preparing an offer for the team.
Italy deports migrants to Libya Italy has come under fire for sending would-be asylum seekers back to Libya without granting them time to apply for refugee status.
Nintendo Raises Net Profit Estimate Japanese game maker Nintendo Co. Ltd. raised its full-year net profit forecast by 20 percent on Monday, citing a stronger dollar and solid demand for software titles for its handheld GameBoy Advance machine.
BBC off-loads technology wing 9.15am: The BBC has closed a 2bn deal with Siemens Business Services for the contracting out of its technology wing. The ten-year Technology Framework Contract, approved by the government, will see the corporation save an estimated 30m a year.
Security Beyond Antivirus Programs (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - It happens all the time to unlucky or unwise Windows users: A new computer crashes and burns after a crippling virus or worm attack. But things can fall apart inside a new PC without such outside help; everyday use can cause a slower form of rot that eventually hobbles the system as thoroughly as a virus might.
Bago back for more Bago could stay in training next season after returning to form with a brilliant victory in the Prix de l #39;Arc de Triomphe Lucien Barriere at Longchamp yesterday.
FM Distances Poland From Iraq-Pullout Comments 4 October 2004 (NCA) -- Polish Foreign Minister Wlodzimierz Cimoszewicz today distanced the government from a statement by the country #39;s defense minister that Poland would pull its troops out of Iraq by the end of next year.
Ohio Scientists Develop Armor for Humvees (AP) AP - The military is ordering more lightweight armor developed in Ohio that protects troops in Humvees from automatic weapons fire and grenades without slowing the vehicles.
Neb. Professor Connects Football, Physics (AP) AP - A physics professor at the University of Nebraska-Lincoln has published a book that explains how the laws of nature interact with the game of football.
N.D. Conducts 5-Year Study on Pronghorns (AP) AP - The state Game and Fish Department is in the first year of a five-year radio collar study to learn more about pronghorns.
Md. Revives Turtle Program for Students (AP) AP - Maryland students are celebrating the return of a popular program scrapped by the state last year that lets schools raise terrapin hatchlings and release them into their native habitat.
Outrun 2 stays in neutral Outrun 2 looks great, plays great but ultimately offers too short a challenge.
Global Markets: Optimism Lifts Stocks  LONDON (Reuters) - Optimism about company earnings and  continued global economic strength boosted European and Asian  shares, hurt bonds, and laid the grounds for a strong Wall  Street opening on Monday.
Wall Street Seen Rising; Oil Prices Ease  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks were set to open higher on  Monday, extending Friday's rally, with oil prices sliding and  investor sentiment improved as the flow of quarterly earnings  reports begins this week.
Office Depot Chairman, CEO Nelson Resigns  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Office Depot Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=ODP.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;ODP.N&lt;/A&gt;, the No. 2  U.S. office supply chain, on Monday said Chairman and Chief  Executive Officer Bruce Nelson has resigned and a search for  his successor is underway.
Italy gears up for Parmalat trial A preliminary court hearing into the collapse of food firm Parmalat, Italy's biggest ever corporate scandal, begins on Tuesday.
Limited black rhino hunt approved Namibia  and South Africa are told at a Bangkok summit they can each kill five endangered black rhinos per year.
eBay #39;s Whitman most powerful woman NEW YORK (CNN/Money) - Meg Whitman, CEO of online auction Web site eBay, toppled Hewlett-Packard CEO Carly Fiorina from the title of the corporate world #39;s most powerful woman, according to a new ranking by Fortune magazine.
Microsoft to Offer New Windows Flavor for Retail Market Just as it is doing with its Windows client software, Microsoft Corp. is developing customized variants of its Windows Embedded operating system for specific markets.
ZigBee in danger of falling apart The domination of the 802.16 process by a handful of vendors is often criticized, but at least it has resulted in a measure of unity that is looking increasingly enviable as the other key IEEE wireless efforts fall prey to dangerous fragmentation, which 
Myanmar Still Irritant as Asia, Europe Heads Meet The absent member will be the one holding center-stage at a meeting in Hanoi of leaders of Asia and Europe. In a hard-fought compromise, Myanmar #39;s ruling junta will not send its government head.
Gluecode delivers open source BPM engine Hoping to put in place the last missing piece of the Java stack, Gluecode Software and the Apache Software Foundation this week unwrapped Project Agila, which the companies claim is the first embeddable open source BPM engine.
Microsoft rolls out embedded Windows XP Hoping to whet the appetite of developers specializing in mobile and embedded devices, Microsoft on Monday made available a free technology preview of Windows XP Embedded containing Service Pack 2 (SP2) that it expects to deliver by year's end.
ThinkPad with fingerprint reader is introduced Hoping to drive biometric devices into the mainstream, IBM on Monday unveiled its first ThinkPad that features an integrated fingerprint reader that will work in tandem with an embedded security system.
UPDATE1 -RadioShack, Wal-Mart unit form wireless venture RadioShack Corp. (RSH.N: Quote, Profile, Research) , looking to expand its sales pool, on Monday said it would take over the operation of cell phone kiosks at 542 Sam #39;s Club stores 
Tussauds owner buys Saga group Saga, the holidays and financial services group for the over-50s, has put an end to the near year-long saga over its future by agreeing a 1.
Freddie Mac Streamlines Its Operations Freddie Mac (FRE.N: Quote, Profile, Research) , the No. 2 US mortgage finance company, on Monday said it will restructure its securities and sales trading group as part of an effort to streamline its business operations.
Kodak wins patent lawsuit against Sun A federal jury in New York has dealt a legal blow to Sun Microsystems Inc., ruling that Sun violated several patents held by Eastman Kodak Co.
Regulators Target Privating Banking Units The Financial Supervisory Service (FSS) will look into Citibanks Seoul branch as well as other foreign banks as late as next month to check whether their private banking units have been 
CNN Blog Check this web log throughout the day as CNN Anchor and Space Correspondent Miles O #39;Brien follows the progress of SpaceShipOne #39;s second flight in pursuit of the Ansari X Prize.
Ballmer Says iPod users are Thieves A  #39;music thief #39; (apparently) writes  quot;According to Steve Ballmer, CEO of Microsoft:  quot;The most common format of music on an iPod is  #39;stolen #39;.
Americans = security idiots The National Cyber Security Alliance is talking to us in a language we can understand. The NCSA polled American computer users and found that 90 could remember when Janet Jackson flashed the country, but 
Raiders Insider Houston quarterback David Carr was 14-for-23 for 228 yards and a touchdown, rushed for 35 yards and didn #39;t turn the ball over once.
Bago bounces back with Arc triumph BAGO restored his reputation when swooping late to land the Prix de lArc de Triomphe at Longchamp yesterday. Unbeaten last season, when he was Europes champion juvenile, the son of Nashwan had been hailed 
Edmilson The Latest Barca Casualty New Barcelona defender Edmilson is set to go under the knife after injuring himself against Numancia on Sunday. The Brazilian hurt his knee during the 1-0 win, after falling badly following an aerial challenge.
Iraq: Car-Bomb Carnage in Baghdad, Mosul At least 17 people are dead and nearly 100 others wounded in car bombings in the Iraqi capital and the northern city of Mosul. Fourteen people died in two Baghdad bombings.
Cambodia Ratifies Law Authorizing UN-Backed Tribunal to Try Khmer &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The Cambodian legislature has ratified an agreement allowing establishment of a United Nations-backed tribunal for surviving leaders of the Khmer Rouge.
Buzzing sex toy turns on airport security Flights from an Australian airport were delayed for 30 minutes Monday when a discarded sex toy began buzzing and set off a security emergency alarm.
Work on Halo 2 game 'finished' The sequel to the best-selling Xbox game, Halo, is finished, say its makers.
PeopleSoft Sees Revenue Above Views PeopleSoft Inc. on Monday forecast third-quarter revenue would exceed Wall Street expectations, saying it added 150 new customers and had more large software license transactions than in the previous quarter.
S Korea to scrutinise Citigroup South Korea #39;s markets watchdog has said it is to inspect Citigroup #39;s local operations, days after regulators censured the bank #39;s Japanese business.
SBC to Combine E-Mail, Voicemail, Faxes (AP) AP - It's what executives of SBC Communications Inc. call their vision for the future: combining voicemail, e-mail and incoming fax messages in one system that can be accessed on the Web or on the phone.
PalmOne to Unveil New Handheld Organizer (AP) AP - Handheld computer maker PalmOne Inc. plans to unveil Monday a new memory-packed personal digital assistant that can double as a portable USB flash drive.
Fox Joins Group Promoting New DVD Format (AP) AP - U.S.-based Fox Entertainment Group Inc. on Monday joined a group of companies promoting Blu-ray Disc, one of two competing formats for next-generation DVDs.
More Internet Ads in Presidential Race (AP) AP - While there has been more Internet advertising activity in this year's presidential race than in the past, the money spent on Web ads still pales in comparison to that allocated for TV commercials, the first-ever study of online political ads found.
Private Craft Closes In on X Prize After an unprecedented span of just five days, SpaceShipOne is ready for a return trip to space on Monday, its final flight to clinch a \$10 million prize.
PalmOne to unveil new handheld organizer Handheld computer maker PalmOne Inc. plans to unveil Monday a new memory-packed personal digital assistant that can double as a portable USB flash drive.
IBM swipes at security with fingerprint-reading Thinkpad IBM has released a biometric Thinkpad - the T42 laptop incorporates a fingerprint sensor for managing passwords and controlling access to sensitive documents and data.
Billy Joel Marries 23-Year-Old (AP) AP - Singer-songwriter Billy Joel married his fiancee, 23-year-old Kate Lee, in a ceremony Saturday at his Long Island mansion, his record label said. Joel, 55, wed Lee in a sunset wedding at his waterfront home, Newsday reported in its online editions. Columbia Records, Joel's label, announced the marriage Saturday night. A spokeswoman for Joel could not immediately be reached for comment.
Sensational Gunners soon to be in firing line ARSENE WENGER expects things to soon start getting tough for Arsenal in the Barclays Premiership. The Gunners stretched their unbeaten run to 48 league matches with a 4-0 win over Charlton at Highbury on Saturday 
Sony Abandons Copy-Control Music CDs (AP) AP - Sony Corp.'s music unit is abandoning its CDs that use built-in technology that limits copying them, after pushing the program for two years.
Polish defence minister sparks confusion over Iraq troop pullout Poland #39;s defence minister sparked confusion Monday by announcing that the country would pull its troops out of Iraq by the end of next year, only to be contradicted hours later by other top government figures.
Oracle in Court Over PeopleSoft Defense (AP) AP - Oracle Corp. goes to trial Monday on its legal bid to dismantle the dwindling takeover defenses of PeopleSoft Inc., the rival it has been attempting to acquire for 15 months.
Mount St. Helens Eruption Contains Danger (AP) AP - The boiling magma rumbling and rising within Mount St. Helens isn't the only thing scientists fear. When large volcanoes erupt they can unleash an awesome arsenal of natural weapons, devastating communities and landscapes even hundreds of miles from the blast.
Siebel Sees Revenue Beating Estimates Business software maker Siebel Systems Inc. (SEBL.O: Quote, Profile, Research) on Monday said third-quarter revenue would beat Wall Street estimates, sending its shares up 17 percent in pre-market trade.
Bond yields continue to push higher NEW YORK (CNN/Money) - US Treasury prices dropped Monday and yields rose as oil fell below \$50 a barrel while stocks were poised to post another strong session.
SEC May Charge That AIG Lied to Investors (Reuters) Reuters - American International Group Inc.\, the world's largest insurer by market value, on Monday\said the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission may take civil\action against it for issuing "false and misleading" statements\to investors.
SEC May Charge That AIG Lied to Investors  NEW YORK (Reuters) - American International Group Inc.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=AIG.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;AIG.N&lt;/A&gt;, the world's largest insurer by market value, on Monday  said the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission may take civil  action against it for issuing "false and misleading" statements  to investors.
Office Depot Chairman, CEO Nelson Resigns  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Office Depot Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=ODP.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;ODP.N&lt;/A&gt;, the No. 2  U.S. office supply chain, on Monday said Chairman and Chief  Executive Bruce Nelson resigned and a search for his successor  is under way.
Treasuries Fall for Fifth Day Running  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Treasuries backtracked for a fifth  session running on Monday, extending a rout that has seen  benchmark yields jump a quarter of a percentage point in just a  week.
Has Apollo Landed? Apollo Group is hoping that it can continue to earn the grade in a sector that was once hot for teacher.
Splitting Cargo and Crew on Space Missions The next generation shuttle, designed to support eventual lunar stops on the way to Mars, may benefit from a NASA concept to separate crew and cargo in future missions. Before a crew is sent, the cargo will be waiting for them.
IBM beefs up security on ThinkPad T42 IBM #39;s business workhorse notebook gets a fingerprint reader and an upgraded suite of security tools. We take a first look. IBM #39;s  #39;thin-and-light #39; ThinkPad T42 already offers one of the most complete security solutions available on a notebook.
SpaceShipOne Prepares for Second Flight Oct. 4 - A group of private citizens in California are hoping to make another giant leap for mankind. SpaceShipOne has already made it to space and back.
Hurricanes Delay NASA #39;s Spring 2005 Space Shuttle Launch The Columbia Accident Investigation Board (CAIB) Report has provided NASA with a roadmap to resume our journey into space. The recommendations reflect the Boards strong support for return to flight at the earliest date consistent with the 
Kodak wins Java patent suit The case has outraged some opponents of software patents, who claim it is a textbook example of why software should not be patentable.
Bye-bye, blueprint: 3D modeling catches on Three-dimensional technology is changing the way buildings are designed and built--but the industry will have to change, too.
ETA leaders arrested 20 people, including two leaders, were arrested near Pau in southwestern France in a vast French-Spanish police operation. Explosives, grenades, machine guns, grenade launchers, detonators, bullets and other weapons have been excluded during operation.
Revamped Tungsten hangs onto data The new PalmOne handheld retains data even when the battery runs down.
Office Depot: CEO out, former NFL president in Bruce Nelson has left the depot. The chairman and chief executive officer at Delray Beach-based Office Depot (NYSEL ODP) has resigned, which the office supply retailer said was by mutual agreement with the board of directors.
New Issue-Freddie Mac sells \$8 billion in bills Freddie Mac (FRE.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Monday said that it sold \$3.0 billion of one-month reference bills due Nov. 2, 2004 at a stop-out rate, or lowest accepted 
Fed #39;s Santomero sees low inflation Philly Fed president sees no need for central bank to halt rate hikes; employment set to rise. PHILADELPHIA (Reuters) - The US economy is on course for sustainable expansion with little danger of inflationary 
Kodak wins patent lawsuit against Sun A federal jury in New York has dealt a legal blow to Sun. The jury ruled that Sun violated several patents held by Eastman Kodak when it developed its Java technology, a Kodak spokeswoman confirmed on Monday.
Space shuttle return to flight delayed The record series of four hurricanes that hit Florida in recent weeks has ended NASA #39;s hopes of returning the space shuttles to flight in March 2005, NASA announced on Friday.
Microsoft calls iPod users  #39;thieves #39; Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer doesn #39;t think Apple will lead the way to tomorrow #39;s digital home - and describes iPod users as music thieves.
UK P2P file sharers face legal action Peer-to-peer (P2P) file sharers in the UK could soon face legal action from the recording industry. Record companies in other countries have already started legal action against people sharing copyrighted music online.
National Cyber Security Alliance Names October as National Cyber &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The National Cyber Security Alliance (NCSA), a not-for-profit, public-private partnership focused on driving awareness and promoting education of cyber security within home user, small business, and education audiences, today announced October as National 
Sex toy creates Oz airport pandemonium A discarded vibrator at Queensland #39;s Mackay airport caused pandemonium after cleaners noticed a rubbish bin humming in a suspicious manner, the Herald Sun reports.
Yahoo Local Out of Beta Yahoo Local Out of Beta\\This morning, while driving to work, I heard a radio commercial for Yahoo! Local. They simply said, go to Yahoo and click on the local link. Unfortunately, it took me several seconds to scan the Yahoo home page to locate the Local link, buried with the ...
Allen to Help Open N.M. Computer Exhibit (AP) AP - Microsoft co-founder Paul G. Allen, in a nod to the city where he got his start, is helping launch a museum gallery devoted to the history of computing.
Translation Device Assists Minn. Police (AP) AP - Burnsville police have begun using an electronic device that translates English into 15 languages in just a few seconds, hoping to save time when questioning the city's Somali, Spanish, Russian and Southeast Asian communities.
Henry Ford, AOL Announce Partnership (AP) AP - The Henry Ford  #151; a venue that includes the Henry Ford Museum, Greenfield Village, an IMAX Theatre and the Ford Rouge Factory Tours  #151; is teaming up with one of the country's largest Internet providers.
Gadget Helps Women Use Bathroom in Japan (AP) AP - When Naoko Ito uses a public bathroom, she cringes in embarrassment at the thought that other patrons can hear the sounds coming from her stall. That's when she turns to the "Sound Princess."
PeopleSoft Raises Estimates for Quarter (AP) AP - PeopleSoft Inc. Monday raised its forecast for the just-ended quarter, helped by an increased average selling price and strong performances in North America and Europe.
Stocks Seen Flat at Open; Oil Edging Up  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks look to open flat on  Monday as investors pause after a busy week on Wall Street,  with oil prices ticking higher and the dollar still hovering  near record lows.
Gazprom-Rosneft deal hits rough patch (AFP) AFP - The absorption of Russian state-owned oil company Rosneft by the gas giant Gazprom appeared to run into trouble amid press reports of furious infighting among top Kremlin officials over the deal.
A return to power for Clinton in Washington His November in the nation #39;s capital was almost as inconspicuous as John Kerry #39;s. Clinton Portis, Joe Gibbs #39; prized offseason acquisition - he got five years and \$28 million 
Three Car Bombs in Iraq Kill at Least 26  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - A series of car bomb blasts tore  through Baghdad and the northern Iraq city of Mosul on Monday,  killing at least 26 people and wounding more than 100.
S.Lanka All-Party Peace Forum Opens to Boycott  COLOMBO (Reuters) - Sri Lanka's government launched a new  all-party forum on Monday to discuss how best to turn a  two-year truce with Tamil Tiger rebels into permanent peace --  but a clutch of opposition parties stayed away in a boycott.
Justices Affirm Do-Not-Call Ruling The Supreme Court turned away a challenge Monday to the federal do-not-call registry, ending telemarketers' bid to invoke free-speech arguments to get the popular ban on unwanted phone solicitations thrown out. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-AP&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Saudi reformist trial adjourned A judge adjourns the trial of Saudi reformists amid a\standoff over whether the trial should be held in public.
Three Car Bombs Explode Across Iraq, Killing at Least 26 The horrific day of carnage demonstrated the effortlessness with which insurgents are striking in the hearts of major cities.
Trash Begins to Clutter International Space Station By MARCIA DUNN    CAPE CANAVERAL, Fla. (AP) -- There's no space in the space station...
Defense picks up slack for Abraham Shaun Ellis has a high standard for the Jets #39; defense. He says he and his teammates try to do more than just limit the damage opposing offenses do.
SpaceShipOne Soars to Space for \$10M Prize MOJAVE, Calif. - A stubby rocket plane soared off a Mojave desert runway Monday strapped to the belly of a carrier plane, shooting for the edge of the Earth's atmosphere and a \$10 million prize...
Professor Connects Football and Physics LINCOLN, Neb. (AP) -- A physics professor at the University of Nebraska-Lincoln has published a book that explains how the laws of nature interact with the game of football...
Nintendo sales lag forecast, but profit jumps TOKYO Nintendo, the world #39;s biggest maker of hand-held game machines, said Monday that first-half profit was nearly twice as high as it had forecast as a weaker yen lifted the value of US assets.
Fed #39;s Santomero says rate rises have a way to go The Federal Reserve still has some way to go to restore US interest rates to more normal levels, Philadelphia Federal Reserve President Anthony Santomero said on Monday.
Krispy Kreme names two directors to lead probe Krispy Kreme Doughnuts Inc. said on Monday it appointed two new directors to lead its internal investigation of accounting practices and other matters now the subject of a probe by securities regulators.
Baker Hughes Names Deaton As Chairman Petroleum services firm Baker Hughes Inc. said Monday that it named Chad C. Deaton as chairman and chief executive to succeed Michael E. Wiley, who plans to retire effective Oct. 25.
IT Aids Florida Utility Workers OCTOBER 04, 2004 (COMPUTERWORLD) - Electric utilities in Florida have been able to leverage IT to help them respond to the widespread power outages caused by the four hurricanes that have hammered the state over the past six weeks.
Blue Jays Name John Gibbons Manager (AP) AP - John Gibbons, who took over as manager of last-place Toronto in August, will return to the Blue Jays next year.
Microsoft vows fight on patent rejection In a preliminary ruling, the government rejected Microsoft Corp. #39;s 1996 patent on technology for saving files on computers using easy-to-remember names.
Super birthday celebration for Toseland Englishman James Toseland leads the field on his way to sealing victory in the world superbike championship at Magny-Cours. Photo: AFP.
Four days out, and Howard is worried Latham may be succeeding in his audacious bid to drag older voters away from the PM, writes Shaun Carney. You can often get a sense of how political parties view their own prospects at an election through their advertising in the final week of a campaign.
Cambodia approves Khmer Rouge trial PHNOM PENH - Cambodia #39;s legislature agreed Monday to prosecute former Khmer Rouge leaders for their role in the deaths of nearly two million people in the late 1970s.
Philippoussis Misery Continues with Tokyo Exit  TOKYO (Reuters) - Mark Philippoussis's miserable run of  form continued Monday with a 6-3, 6-4 defeat by Czech Tomas Zib  in the first round of the Japan Open.
Revamped Tungsten hangs on to data New PalmOne handheld doubles as flash drive and retains data even when the battery runs down.
Microsoft Eyes Lighter Versions of Longhorn Operating systems would be designed for specific server tasks, company says.
Top Court Upholds Visa, MasterCard Ruling (Reuters) Reuters - The Supreme Court on Monday let\stand a ruling that the Visa and MasterCard credit card\associations violated federal antitrust law by barring their\member banks from issuing credit and charge cards on the rival\networks of American Express Co.  and Morgan Stanley.\.
Court Rejects Challenge to Do-Not-Call List  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Supreme Court on Monday let  stand a lower-court ruling that telemarketers' rights to free  speech are not violated by the government's nationwide  do-not-call list.
ABC News NBA Today NBA Today Dec 6, 2004 - Orlando at Denver (9 pm EST). The Southeast Division-leading Magic try to extend their winning streak to four. Quentin Richardson, Suns, made eight 3-pointers and scored 37 points in Phoenix #39;s 121-99 victory over Portland.
What Will You Do With Your Credit? You may have access to more money than you think -- just be careful.
Chancellor #39;s plan for poor nations #39; debt ANYONE who doubts Gordon Brown #39;s ability to lead the nation should watch him in action at the International Monetary Fund. Here in Washington, where Brown chairs the IMF #39;s main policymaking committee, Brown is the leader of the pack.
UPDATE 1-US top court lets stand Visa, MasterCard ruling The Supreme Court on Monday let stand a ruling that the Visa and MasterCard credit card associations violated federal antitrust law by barring their member banks from issuing credit and charge cards on the rival networks of 
Wal-Mart wireless with RadioShack RadioShack to take over the operation of cell phone kiosks at retailer #39;s Sam #39;s Club stores. NEW YORK (Reuters) - RadioShack Corp.
Wall Street opens higher WALL Street opened higher today on the heels of last week #39;s closing rally, with investors awaiting the latest snapshot on US factory orders.
SpaceShipOne Goes For Next Flight Rocket plane SpaceShipOne is attempting a second space flight in a bid to clinch the \$10 million Ansari X-Prize. Judges officially confirmed that pilot Mike Melvill took the craft to 64 miles on Wednesday #39;s first flight.
Ballmer:  #39;No way #39; Apple will win digital media war Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer told invited press at a London briefing that Microsoft would prevail over Apple, Sony and other competitors when it comes to winning the hearts and minds of home consumers looking to integrate computer technology into their 
Gates not frightened of the big bad Linux THE GRAND NABOB of the world #39;s software giant, Microsoft, Bill Gates, has told technologists that he is not afraid of Linux. Speaking at a shindig at the Computer History Museum, Gates said that he had seen 
Top Court Upholds Do-Not-Call Registry  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Supreme Court on Monday let  stand a lower-court ruling that telemarketers' rights to free  speech are not violated by the government's nationwide  do-not-call list.
August Factory Orders Dip, Aircraft Dive  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - New orders at U.S. factories showed  strength in August, even though a drop in aircraft orders  pulled the overall indicator lower, the U.S. Commerce  Department reported on Monday.
Coaches should lose their right to vote See? I told you it wouldn #39;t help. You #39;re still going to the Holiday Bowl, Texas is still going to the Rose Bowl, and that #39;s that.
Krispy Kreme's Board Members Lead Probe  LOS ANGELES (Reuters) -  Krispy Kreme Doughnuts Inc.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=KKD.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;KKD.N&lt;/A&gt; said on Monday it appointed two new directors to lead  an internal investigation of accounting practices and other  matters now the subject of a probe by securities regulators.
Factory Orders Dip as Aircraft Dive New orders at US factories fell unexpectedly in August after a sharp drop in demand for civilian aircraft, government data showed on Monday.
Schwab cuts trading fees, stock dips Charles Schwab Corp., the biggest US discount brokerage, announced Monday its second cut in trading fees since June amid increasing competition.
Fed #39;s Santomero sees sustained expansion PHILADELPHIA - The US economy is on course for sustainable expansion with little danger of inflationary pressure building, Federal Reserve Bank of Philadelphia President Anthony Santomero said on Monday.
Economists see GDP easing to 4.3 US economic growth should slow over the coming year as consumers cut back on spending, but improved business confidence should help hiring, a wide-ranging survey of forecasters found.
Dollar gains after G-7 meetingCurrency market awaits US payrolls &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; CHICAGO (CBS.MW) - The dollar moved higher Monday in the wake of little new policy direction from a weekend meeting of finance ministers and central bankers from the world #39;s economic powers.
Factory Orders Dip for First Time in 4 Months Overall, factory orders declined by 0.1 percent in August, following an increase of 1.7 percent in July.
SpaceShipOne Soars to Space for \$10M Prize MOJAVE, Calif. Oct. 4, 2004 - A stubby rocket plane was slung from the belly of a carrier plane toward space Monday in the final leg of a trip toward the edge of the Earth #39;s atmosphere and a \$10 million prize.
Sun faces huge payout in Kodak #39;s Java suit EASTMAN Kodak is expecting a payout of more than \$US1 billion this week after winning a patent lawsuit against Sun Microsystems. A jury found Sun #39;s popular Java software infringed several patents Eastman Kodak bought from Wang Laboratories in late 1997.
Watching while you work Computer misuse at government offices is an ongoing problem, and experts say managers should take specific actions to keep federal employees from using their desktop computers for personal business.
Red Hat #39;s CEO is sold on Netscape buy Red Hat is acquiring security and authentication tools from Netscape Security Solutions to bolster its software arsenal. Red Hat #39;s CEO and chairman Matthew Szulik spoke about the future strategy of the Linux supplier.
Wilkinson named as England captain Flyhalf Jonny Wilkinson, who kicked the winning drop goal in last November #39;s World Cup final against Australia, has been named as England captain.
Philippoussis misery continues with Tokyo exit Mark Philippoussis #39;s miserable run of form continued on Monday with a 6-3 6-4 defeat by Czech Tomas Zib in the first round of the Japan Open.
Revised law on trial of Khmer Rouge leaders approved Phnom Penh (VNA) - The Cambodian National Assembly on Monday approved the revised law on the establishment of a Cambodia-United Nations tribunal to try Khmer Rouge leaders.
Right turn Slovenia has overwhelmingly voted to oust the countrys Liberal Democrat government in favour of the centre-right at the weekends general election.
Singapore Airlines 026, a 747 diverted to Manchester airport SN30952 writes  quot;Singapore Airlines 026, a 747 flying from Frankfurt to New York was diverted to Manchester airport following a bomb threat.
Kovalainen topples Schumacher Kovalainen, reigning World Series by Nissan champion and occasional Formula One tester, defeated the seven-time world champion in the semi-finals at the Stade de France.
Gennaro Filice: Say it ain #39;t so Barry. Please. If you look closely at my photo directly above, you can see that my hat features the silhouetted batter representative of major league baseball.
Guest Column Addressing Global Imbalances is Within the Realm of &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; THE global economy is slowly recovering, and with it hopes for a sustained period of economic growth in all regions. South Africa #39;s economic future is tied to that of the rest of the world and for this reason 
Charles Schwab Lowers Certain Fees Discount brokerage firm Charles Schwab Corp. said on Monday that its brokerage arm will lower retail equity trade commissions, and the pricing changes may reduce revenue for the next year while enhancing its competitive position.
US economic growth seen slowing in 2005 US economic growth should slow over the coming year as consumers cut back on spending but improved business confidence should help beef up hiring, a wide-ranging survey of forecasters found.
Microsoft rules out PeopleSoft bid This fourth priority #39;s main focus has been improving or obtaining CRM and ERP software for the past year and a half. Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer has ruled out acting as the white knight for business software 
UPDATE 2-US top court lets stand Visa, MasterCard ruling The Supreme Court on Monday let stand a ruling that the Visa and MasterCard credit card associations violated federal antitrust law by barring their member banks from issuing credit and charge cards on the rival American 
Ex-conman security adviser REFORMED con artist Frank Abagnale, whose life was portrayed in the movie Catch Me if You Can, has been recruited to help fight cyber-crime.
Photo by Lloyd Francis Jr./Federal Times The Office of Personnel Management must tackle many major challenges in the coming months, both in its role as agencies human resources adviser and in improving internal operations.
800 million takeover battle for Man Utd Manchester United today electrified the world of football by revealing that it has received a takeover offer worth up to 800 million.
Els, Bjorn shake off demons ERNIE ELS was as good as his word. On Friday, when he led the American Express Championship by two strokes after 36 holes, he said it was time he rededicated himself to golf after being overshadowed by Vijay Singh.
Federer Rips Roddick for 12th Straight Final Win Andy Roddick couldn #39;t seem to decide whether his injury had a part in the outcome of his 6-4, 6-0 loss to world No. 1 Roger Federer in the final at the ATP stop in Bangkok Sunday, but the result was the same 
It #39;s official: Gibbons stays on in Toronto Toronto, ON (Sports Network) - The Toronto Blue Jays announced Monday that they have retained manager John Gibbons for next season.
Vogts not desperate to win Scotland manager Berti Vogts insists the World Cup qualifier against Norway on Saturday is not a  quot;must-win quot; game. The German says it is more important for Norway, who have only one point from two games, to win.
Bigley #39;s brother hopeful for release The brother of Ken Bigley, the British hostage held in Iraq, said on Monday he was increasingly hopeful the engineer would be released soon and that he was ready to travel to the Middle East at a moment #39;s notice.
Buzzing bin empties airport A VIBRATING sex toy was mistaken for a bomb, causing the emergency evacuation of a crowded Mackay Airport yesterday morning. The drama left the toy #39;s owner, a 26-year-old NSW man, acutely embarrassed.
Centre Right Take Power in Slovenia It was a major surprise: after 12 years at the head of the Slovenian government, the left wingers will be giving their place up to the right wing parties after the confirmation of the election results of Sunday 3 October.
Dutch nationality for Anne Frank  #39;tactless #39; AMSTERDAM - Posthumously awarding Dutch nationality to German-born diarist Anne Frank would be tactless, a spokesman for the Dutch Institute for War Documentation (NIOD) said on Monday.
Palm Introduces a Memory-Packed Organizer (AP) AP - Handheld computer maker PalmOne Inc. unveiled Monday a new memory-packed personal digital assistant that can double as a portable data storage drive.
Paychex Inc. Founder Golisano Steps Down (AP) AP - B. Thomas Golisano, the billionaire founder of Paychex Inc., said Monday he has hired a former IBM Corp. executive, Jonathan Judge, to replace him as president and chief executive of the payroll-processing company.
Experts Seek Aid for Russia Space Program (AP) AP - Russia's space program is recovering from its post-Soviet financial meltdown, but government spending is still just a fraction of what is needed to revive the program to its former glory, top Russian space experts said Monday.
Wenger faces tough choice over Lehmann Arsene Wenger faces a difficult choice over whether to keep faith with keeper Manuel Almunia or bring back Jens Lehmann for tomorrow #39;s crunch Champions League match with Rosenborg.
Video Shows Militants Killing Italian-Iraqi, Turk (Reuters) Reuters - Islamic militants on Monday distributed\a video in Iraq showing the killings of two men who identified\themselves as an Italian of Iraqi origin and a Turk.
Family: Kidnapped Iraqi Businessman Killed (AP) AP - The Italian Foreign Ministry has notified the family of a kidnapped Iraqi businessman who was a longtime resident of Italy that the man has been killed in Iraq, the businessman's brother said Monday.
Two U.S. Soldiers Killed in Baghdad (AP) AP - Two U.S. soldiers were killed by small arms fire at a checkpoint in Baghdad, the U.S. command said Monday.
Sri Lanka all-party peace forum opens to boycott (Reuters) Reuters - Sri Lanka's government launched a new all-party forum on Monday to discuss how best to turn a two-year truce with Tamil Tiger rebels into permanent peace -- but a clutch of opposition parties stayed away in a boycott.
Analyst says new Air Canada a good short-term buy, but be careful MONTREAL (CP) - Air Canada shares go back up on the board of the Toronto Stock Exchange on Monday, as investors wonder if the airline will do any better than during its first 16 tumultuous years as a private-sector corporation.
Stocks higher after drop in oil prices, reassuring words on &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; TORONTO (CP) - Stock markets moved higher Monday as investors showed growing optimism about the US economy. Lower oil prices also helped take indexes higher, with the price of crude slipping 49 cents from Friday #39;s record close to \$49.
Molyneux apologises for missing features in Fable Lionhead supremo Peter Molyneux has taken the unprecedented step of apologising to fans on an official message board for any features that were described during Fable #39;s development that didn #39;t make it into the final game.
Morning After: Defensive points After three weeks of basically hiding out on the side of a milk carton, the defensive touchdown was back in vogue on Sunday, with three interceptions returned for scores and three fumbles also run back into the end zone.
Panthers pile up yards, but still lose New Orleans, the city, is known as the Big Easy. The Atlanta Falcons defense should be called the Big Tease. How else can you explain the frustrations of the Carolina Panthers and quarterback Jake Delhomme.
Analysts see Spain #39;s ETA blow as harshest in 12 yrs The arrest of the suspected leader of the Basque separatist group ETA may mark the beginning of the end of Western Europe #39;s most active guerrilla group, some analysts said on Monday.
Card fraud shows sharp increase Credit and debit card fraud rose by nearly a fifth to 478.8m in the year up to July, an industry body says.
Video Shows Militants Killing Italian-Iraqi, Turk  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Islamic militants on Monday distributed  a video in Iraq showing the killings of two men who identified  themselves as an Italian of Iraqi origin and a Turk.
Judge Challenges EU Position on Microsoft  LUXEMBOURG (Reuters) - A top European Union judge  challenged the EU executive's reasoning in its antitrust court  battle with Microsoft Corp. Friday, questioning why it opposed  the U.S. software giant's setting industry standards.
PeopleSoft v. Oracle: Game Over? Friday was a great day for Oracle chief Larry Ellison.  First, PeopleSoft's board ousted the CEO who had fought so hard against Oracle's hostile bid, then the feds announce they're dropping their antitrust complaint. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-washingtonpost.com&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Anne Frank status campaign fails The Netherlands rejects a bid to grant Dutch citizenship to Nazi victim Anne Frank - one of the diary-writer's wishes.
Dorfmeister leads Austrian charge LAKE LOUISE, Alta. -- While two Americans were breaking their World Cup maidens over the last two weekends at Lake Louise and even a German snuck onto the top of the podium, the powerful Austrians were gnashing 
Afghan refugee vote drive hailed A four-day voter registration drive signs up 650,000 Afghan refugees in Pakistan for Saturday's landmark election.
Americans wait as volcano boils Pressure is still high inside America's Mount St Helens volcano but the chance of an eruption may be receding.
Stocks Higher on Drop in Oil, Fed Comments NEW YORK - A drop in oil prices and reassuring words from the Federal Reserve sent stocks higher Monday, raising hopes that Wall Street would be able to extend its recent rally.    Investors were cheered by a dip in oil prices, which backed off of the \$50 per barrel mark at Friday's close of trading...
SpaceShipOne Soars to Space for \$10M Prize MOJAVE, Calif. - A stubby rocket plane was slung from the belly of a carrier plane toward space Monday in the final leg of a trip toward the edge of the Earth's atmosphere and a \$10 million prize...
Quiet Life Stressful for Farmers KOUTS, Ind. (AP) -- The quiet country life can turn into a pressure cooker of stress at harvest time as farmers push themselves to their limits, agricultural experts say...
Ohio Scientists Develop Armor for Humvees The military is ordering more lightweight armor developed in Ohio that protects troops in Humvees from automatic weapons fire and grenades without slowing the vehicles. Unarmored Humvees have become targets in the war in Iraq.
Dollar Jumps as the G7 Fades The dollar surged against the euro, yen and Swiss franc on Monday as, with a Group of Seven rich nations meeting out of the way, the greenback was free to join a wave of optimism about the US economy.
Update 1: Level 3 Buys Sprint #39;s Internet Unit Level 3 Communications Inc., a provider of integrated communications services, said on Friday that it acquired telecommunications giant Sprint Corp.
Jaguars Still Have Work to Do The Colts #39; 24-17 triumph at ALLTEL Stadium allowed them to retain their status as the team to beat in the division and the primary challenger to the New England Patriots in the AFC.
Mathis gets the best of Delhomme again CHARLOTTE, NC - Kevin Mathis and Jake Delhomme were teammates together in New Orleans before going their NFL careers took turns to different destinations.
Barcelona #39;s Edmilson has surgery, won #39;t play for six months Edmilson, Barcelona #39;s World Cup- winning defender, won #39;t play for at least six months after having knee surgery today, the soccer team said.
Joe Hart: Bumbling Packers in complete disarray A year ago, the Green Bay Packers lost five of their first nine games, including three at Lambeau Field. Only a tissue-soft December schedule and a Week 17 choke by the Minnesota Vikings 
Spain Vows to Keep Pressure on ETA Spain said it will keep up pressure on the Basque separatist group ETA following the weekend arrests of ETA #39;s suspected political leader by French police.
Briefly: Yahoo launches local-search engine roundup Plus: Legal expert joins open-source screening firm...Cray signs two supercomputing customers...MSN Messenger beta leaks onto Web...Level 3 to buy Sprint's dial-up business.
SpaceShipOne repeats its feat The craft wins the \$10 million Ansari X Prize for private space travel when it reaches 100km for the second time.
Study: Indian diaspora helped outsourcing movement Indian professionals, venture capitalists (VCs), and entrepreneurs of Indian origin helped promote India as an outsourcing destination, according to a study conducted for the World Bank Institute in Washington, D.C., by Evalueserve Inc., a business intelligence and research firm.
Super-connected users could aid IM worms Just a few users connected to popular instant messaging (IM) networks can cause the spread of worms, while choking off communications from "highly connected" users with many IM correspondents can slow the spread of worms, say computer researchers.
More Internet Ads Seen in Presidential Race By LIZ SIDOTI     WASHINGTON (AP) -- While there has been more Internet advertising activity in this year's presidential race than in the past, the money spent on Web ads still pales in comparison to that allocated for TV commercials, the first-ever study of online political ads found.    The study, released Monday by the Pew Internet   American Life Project, said President Bush, Democrat John Kerry, their political parties and allied independent groups spent \$2.6 million to post banner ads on Web sites from January through August...
Fox Joins Group Promoting New Blu-Ray DVD Format TOKYO (AP) -- U.S.-based Fox Entertainment Group Inc. (FOX) on Monday joined a group of companies promoting Blu-ray Disc, one of two competing formats for next-generation DVDs...
Sony Abandons Copy-Control on Music CDs TOKYO (AP) -- Sony Corp. (SNE)'s music unit is abandoning its CDs that use built-in technology that limits copying them, after pushing the program for two years...
Henry Ford and AOL Announce Partnership DEARBORN, Mich. (AP) -- The Henry Ford - a venue that includes the Henry Ford Museum, Greenfield Village, an IMAX Theatre and the Ford Rouge Factory Tours - is teaming up with one of the country's largest Internet providers...
Paul Allen to Help Open N.M. Computer Exhibit ALBUQUERQUE, N.M. (AP) -- Microsoft co-founder Paul G...
SBC to Combine E-Mail, Voicemail and Faxes DALLAS (AP) -- It's what executives of SBC Communications Inc. (SBC) call their vision for the future: combining voicemail, e-mail and incoming fax messages in one system that can be accessed on the Web or on the phone...
EU pursues Oracle-PeopleSoft case BRUSSELS, Belgium -- European Union regulators suggested Monday they are not bound by a US decision to allow Oracle Corp. to pursue its \$7.
Freddie Mac Restructuring Some Operations Freddie Mac will shut down the market-making operations of its securities sales and trading unit as it restructures some mortgage-securities operations, the government-sponsored home-mortgage company said Monday.
Fed #39;s Santomero Says Rate Rises Have a Way to Go The Federal Reserve still has some way to go to restore official US interest rates to more normal levels, Philadelphia Fed President Anthony Santomero said on Monday.
Britain seeks gold mkt stability in IMF revaluation Any revaluation of International Monetary Fund (IMF) gold reserves would have to be done in a way which would preserve gold market stability, British Chancellor of the Exchequer Gordon Brown said on Monday.
SpaceShipOne has made Space History Brian Binnie (top left in image), grabbed previous Pilot #39;s Mike Melvill #39;s torch and flew the second leg of the X Prize competition in Burt Rutan #39;s SpaceShipOne.
Brazil to Limit UN Access to Uranium Plant as Powell Visits Brazil will limit United Nations #39; access to a uranium enrichment plant as US Secretary of State Colin Powell visits the country to press for unimpeded inspections, the country #39;s ambassador in Washington said.
Microsoft #39;s jumbo patch THEY labour long hours to write their software, testing and perfecting it. They toil in obscurity, fully aware that they will never get credit for their work.
Magny Cours World Superbike Quote Machine by staff. Various and sundry press releases from the Magny Cours round of the World Superbike series where James Toseland was awarded the crown.
Philippoussis suffers loss Mark Philippoussis lost 6-3 6-4 to Czech player Tomas Zib as the rain-hit Japan Open finally got under way. Zib humbled the big-hitting Australian at Tokyo #39;s Ariake Colleseum on a day when many matches were postponed.
How We Saw Week 4 In improving to 3-0, the New England Patriots tied the NFL record for consecutive victories with 18. They gained almost 400 total yards, got the key plays when they needed them and beat former Patriot Drew 
Anne Frank status campaign fails A bid to grant Dutch citizenship to Holocaust victim Anne Frank some 60 years after her death has been rejected by the country #39;s justice ministry.
Davis Cup door open for Agassi The Americans could have used him on Sunday when Spain won the best-of-five final 3-2. It was Spain #39;s second title, which kept the United States from adding to its record total of 31.
Funds: Finding bargains in bond funds (Clint Willis is a freelance writer who covers mutual funds for Reuters. Any opinions in the column are solely those of Mr. Willis.
Red Hat #39;s AOL buy RED Hat, the world #39;s biggest distributor of the free Linux computer operating system, will buy Netscape security software from Time Warner #39;s America Online for \$US20.
Rival bidders dust off Euro 2008 plans as UEFA warns Alpine hosts As UEFA threatened to take soccer #39;s 2008 European Championships away from joint hosts Austria and Switzerland, other European countries started dusting off their defeated bids.
Two Hostages Executed in Iraq A militant group has claimed responsibility for killing a Turkish and an Iraqi hostage, Arab TV networks reported today. A video showing the killings of two men, who identified themselves as an Italian of Iraqi origin and a Turk, was released.
Asia Needs Network to Fight Illegal Wildlife Trade (Reuters) Reuters - Asia needs a special crime-fighting\network to combat a booming illegal wildlife trade worth\billions of dollars which threatens many species with\extinction, Thailand's prime minister said Saturday.
SpaceShipOne Wins  #36;10 Million Ansari X Prize in Historic 2nd Trip to Space (SPACE.com) SPACE.com - MOJAVE, CALIFORNIA - Human \  flight took a significant step forward today as the privately built SpaceShipOne \  flew into suborbital space for the second time in five days, apparently securing \  the  #36;10 million Ansari X Prize.
Unexpected Beat in Heart of Milky Way (SPACE.com) SPACE.com - The center of our galaxy is approximately \  27,000 light-years away in the direction of the constellation Sagittarius. At \  its core, as scientist have known for some time, lies a supermassive black hole \  surrounded by millions of stars, all huddled far more closely than in the galactic \  outskirts where our Sun resides.
Nu Skin Warns on Profit, Shares Drop  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Nu Skin Enterprises Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=NUS.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;NUS.N&lt;/A&gt; on  Monday warned of earnings and revenue below analysts' estimates  due to higher expenses in Asia, sending shares of the  personal-care and nutrition-products maker plunging 27 percent.
Foolish Collective 'Investors' have about half of the patience they need, which will yield none of the value they want."
Postal Service Cancels PhotoStamps The innovative Stamps.com program has been halted after its test run.
RightNow completes the suite RightNow Technologies is spreading its wings by years end with the introduction of RightNow CRM 7.0, an integrated CRM suite that builds on RightNows e-services framework. To the companys already strong customer support and marketing tools, CRM 7.0 adds an SFA application. The suite will be available in a hosted implementation or for on-premise deployment.
PeopleSoft: Conway was less than honest A board member testifies Monday that the former CEO was fired in large part because of his reckless exaggeration to Wall Street analysts.
Yukos shares rise on bid denials Yukos shares rose more than 10 on Monday as Russia #39;s leading energy firms said they would not bid for its main west Siberian production subsidiary.
American Express weighs lawsuit vs Visa, MasterCard SAN FRANCISCO (AFX) -- American Express said Monday that in light of the Supreme Court #39;s decision against Visa and MasterCard, it will seek partnerships with US banks.
Interfor offers \$396M for Riverside Forest Products in friendly &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; VANCOUVER (CP) - International Forest Products is muscling aside other bidders for Riverside Forest Products, offering \$396 million in a deal endorsed by Riverside #39;s board that would create the world #39;s seventh-largest lumber producer.
Microsoft begins to take Google challenge seriously Not too long ago, Google Inc. seemed little more than a pesky insect to Microsoft Corp. #39;s 800-pound gorilla. No more. As Google rapidly rolls out new products, the 
Product Previews Cray taps Linux for more affordable supercomputing\ Trying to expand outside its traditional technical markets, Cray on Monday unveiled its first Linux-based supercomputer. The new Cray XD1 series runs Suse Linux on AMDs Opteron chip. The 64-bit system is organized as six two-way SMPs that can deliver 58 gigaflops per chassis. The system can handle as many as six 3.5-inch serial ATA drives and has a memory bandwidth of 12.8GB per SMP. It also features four PCI-X bus slots and a dual port Gigabit Ethernet PCI-X card for as many as eight Gigabit Ethernet ports per chassis. Pricing starts at \$50,000 for a 12-processor chassis and goes to \$2 million for a 288-processor configuration with two racks of 12 chassis each.\XD1, Cray
SunGard will spin off disaster recovery unit SunGard Data Systems Inc. plans to split into two companies, spinning off a disaster recovery services unit using a tax-free distribution of shares to stockholders, the software and services vendor said Monday.
Redmond pledges support for NT4, at a price Microsoft reiterated on Friday that companies still using Windows NT Server 4 going into 2005 will have to sign up for a custom contract to get support.
Schwab Cuts Trading Fees Again, Stock Off Charles Schwab Corp. (SCH.N: Quote, Profile, Research) the biggest US discount brokerage, on Monday said it would cut trading fees for the second time since June in a bid to outmaneuver rivals amid fierce competition.
Economists predict solid US economy under Bush or Kerry WASHINGTON : The US economy will grow solidly in 2005 despite high oil prices, no matter whether President George W. Bush or John Kerry is in the White House, top business economists said.
Office Depot chairman resigns Bruce Nelson, chairman and chief executive of Office Depot Inc. of Delray Beach, Fla., Monday resigned by mutual agreement with the board.
Supreme Court sidesteps credit card dispute MasterCard and Visa no longer can block banks from issuing credit cards from competitors after the Supreme Court declined to hear their appeal Monday.
SunGard to Spin Off Data Recovery Unit SunGard Data Systems Inc. (SDS.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Monday said it would spin off its data recovery business, sending its stock up 11 percent to a four-month high.
Saab 9-3 tops in crash tests NEW YORK (CNN/Money) - Of eight midsized sedans tested for side impact protection, four earned the Insurance Institute for Highway Safety #39;s top rating of  quot;good.
Palm #39;s Tungsten Gains More Memory PalmOne Inc. is beefing up its new Tungsten T5 handheld with more memory in an attempt to make the device more appealing to business users who need access to data-intensive applications.
Most songs on iPods were  #39;stolen #39; - Microsoft CEO It #39;s official. All iPod users are music thieves - according to Microsoft CEO Steve  #39;Monkey Boy #39; Ballmer.  quot;The most common format of music on an iPod is  #39;stolen #39;, quot; he told reporters in London today, according to a Silicon.
Microsoft Eyes Lighter Versions of Longhorn Microsoft is developing versions of its Windows operating system with only a subset of the Windows code base, designed for specific server tasks, in a move that could reduce maintenance costs for customers and create products that are less vulnerable to 
Fuel cell mobile phone recharger NTT DoCoMo and Fujitsu announced that they have developed a prototype fuel cell that can be used to recharge modern mobile phones.
CA yet to appoint CEO The software maker denies backing a SAP executive as a preferred candidate for the post of CEO, contrary to a Newsday report. WASHINGTON: Software maker Computer Associates Inc.
Tournament doctor thinks Clijsters #39; injury could threaten career Former No. 1 Kim Clijsters #39; latest left wrist problem is a new injury that is expected to end her season but probably won #39;t require surgery.
Barca #39;s Edmilson becomes next casualty Barcelona, Spain (Sports Network) - Barcelona #39;s Brazilian defender Edmilson will be out for six months after undergoing surgery Monday on his right knee.
Warner leads Giants revival Kurt Warner, perhaps more than maybe any other American Football athlete, understands the bright light of stardom, and how quickly it can fade.
Kansas City vs. Baltimore BALTIMORE (Ticker) -- The Kansas City Chiefs would like a repeat performance of last year #39;s meeting against the Baltimore Ravens.
Italy coach Lippi defends decision to omit Cassano Italian national coach Marcello Lippi has defended his decision to leave AS Roma striker Antonio Cassano out of his squad for this month #39;s two Group Five World Cup qualifiers.
Israel Expands Gaza Offensive, UN #39;s Annan Urges Halt Israel has escalated its military offensive in Gaza with an air strike on a militant stronghold that killed a senior Hamas leader.
Poland to withdraw troops from Iraq by end-2005 Poland will withdraw its troops from Iraq by the end of 2005, Polish Defense Minister Jerzy Szmajdzinski said on Monday.  quot;In my opinion, the deadline (for Poland #39;s mission) should 
Reports: Iraq Hostage Transferred to New Group The brother of British Iraq hostage Ken Bigley says sources in Kuwait believe his sibling is being transferred by hard-line extremists to another group.
Pope #39;s wish list startles The Pope, looking tired and speaking with difficulty, has ploughed into fresh controversy with two startling new beatifications. Among the five people he set on the road to canonisation 
Humming sex toy shuts airport SYDNEY: A sex toy vibrating in a rubbish bin has sparked a security scare and shut a regional Australian airport for almost an hour.
UK policeman jailed for spying for Saudi diplomat A British policeman was sentenced to two and a half years on Monday for passing on information to a Saudi Arabian embassy officer in London for money.
One flight from \$15m prize LOS ANGELES - A private spacecraft is to shoot beyond Earth #39;s atmosphere for the second time in a week today in a bid to win a US\$10 million (\$15 million) prize and prove that space is open for business.
Tycoon Puts Business Before Sport Multi-millionaire Malcolm Glazer is known as a shrewd investor whose love of sport is eclipsed by his canny business sense. Described by Forbes magazine as having an eye for value 
Trinidad climbs off canvas to keep title options open Felix Trinidad returned to the ring after more than two years to score a thrilling eighth-round stoppage of Ricardo Mayorga at New York #39;s Madison Square Garden in a non- title bout being described as one of the fights of the year.
Test reluctance could block virtualisation The need to test packaged applications on virtualised systems could hold up the deployment of server virtualisation software, according to attendees at Gartner #39;s datacentre conference in Las Vegas this week.
Sony introduces hard disk Walkman Sony Corp, biggest consumer electronics maker, has is planning to release a new hard disk Walkman to take on Apple #39;s iPod. Apple has made a success story of their iPod in quite a short time, although the device 
U.S. Supreme Court Terms Begins  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Supreme Court opened its  new term on Monday, with two hours of arguments on federal  sentencing rules and the rejection of some 1,800 appeals,  including a challenge by telemarketers to the government's  popular do-not-call list.
ONLINE GUY: Firefox gets raves from readers A few weeks ago I suggested you try a new Internet browser, Firefox. And many of you did. You liked it, for the most part. One thing I forgot to mention was Apple Macintosh users need to be running OS X to 
General Mills to Sell Stake in Cereals  LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - General Mills Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=GIS.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;GIS.N&lt;/A&gt; on  Monday said it will sell an \$835 million stake in its cereal  business to an affiliate of Lehman Brothers Holding Inc.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=LEH.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;LEH.N&lt;/A&gt; and use the money to buy back 16.5 million of its  common shares from Diageo Plc &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=DGE.L target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;DGE.L&lt;/A&gt;.
Schwab Cuts Trading Fees Again, Stock Off  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Charles Schwab Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=SCH.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;SCH.N&lt;/A&gt; the  biggest U.S. discount brokerage, on Monday said it would cut  trading fees for the second time since June in a bid to  outmaneuver rivals amid fierce competition.
Treasuries Dip But Selling Momentum Slows  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. Treasury debt was down a sliver  on Monday, but four straight days of selling appeared to be  sputtering out as investors awaited key events like a speech  from the Fed chairman and the crucial September jobs report.
EU Trade Chief Confident in Boeing Row  BRUSSELS (Reuters) - Incoming European Union trade chief  Peter Mandelson said on Monday he was confident the EU would  have a strong counter-case if the United States brought a claim  to the World Trade Organization over aircraft subsidies.
Supreme Court Sidesteps Credit Card Dispute MasterCard and Visa no longer can block banks from issuing credit cards from competitors after the Supreme Court declined to hear their appeal Monday.
UPDATE 1 - Barnes  amp; Noble selling GameStop stake GameStop Corp. (GME.N: Quote, Profile, Research) , a video game and entertainment software retailer, said Monday it bought 6,107,338 shares of its Class B Common Stock held by book store chain Barnes  amp; Noble Inc.
PeopleSoft Raises Forecast, Stock Falls PeopleSoft Inc. on Monday said it expects quarterly revenue to beat Wall Street estimates, bolstering its case to remain independent, and its shares fell 2 percent.
Kerry or Bush will not impact US growth The US economy will grow solidly in 2005 and the outlook is similar under President George W Bush or John Kerry, top US business economists said in a survey released today.
SEC mulls civil action against AIG American International Group Inc., one of the world #39;s largest insurance firms, said Monday that the Securities and Exchange Commission may bring a civil action against 
Feds probe J amp;J Procrit sales BOSTON (CBS.MW) -- Federal investigators have asked Johnson  amp; Johnson to turn over documents related to the sales and marketing of its anti-anemia product Procrit.
Bulls not taking a holiday on board THE Australian share market continued its recent bullish performance yesterday, with offshore gains driving the bourse to record highs.
Invasion of the Movie Snatchers More and more movie fans are sharing films online, and hollywood doesn't like it. Should the studios fight or find a way to adapt?
Health Care Can Be Cured: Here's How Americans are burdened with a costly, hugely dysfunctional health-care system. In a new book, a pair of investigative reporters offers a fresh remedy based on a successful model we're all familiar with
SpaceShipOne Wins \$10 Million X-Prize with Launch SpaceShipOne, the world #39;s first privately funded manned spacecraft, on Monday reached space for the second time in less than a week to win a \$10 million prize designed to spur commercial space travel.
PeopleSoft v. Oracle: Game Over? (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - Talk about a great day for Oracle Corp. founder Larry Ellison.
Nokia Set to Unveil Redesigned TV Phone -- Source (Reuters) Reuters - Nokia (NOK1V.HE) is set to unveil\another attempt at a mobile phone designed for television and\video, which is thinner and lighter than its predecessor which\never made it to the market, a source said on Monday.
Product Previews (InfoWorld) InfoWorld - Cray taps Linux for more affordable supercomputing\ Trying to expand outside its traditional technical markets, Cray on Monday unveiled its first Linux-based supercomputer. The new Cray XD1 series runs Suse Linux on AMD #8217;s Opteron chip. The 64-bit system is organized as six two-way SMPs that can deliver 58 gigaflops per chassis. The system can handle as many as six 3.5-inch serial ATA drives and has a memory bandwidth of 12.8GB per SMP. It also features four PCI-X bus slots and a dual port Gigabit Ethernet PCI-X card for as many as eight Gigabit Ethernet ports per chassis. Pricing starts at  #36;50,000 for a 12-processor chassis and goes to  #36;2 million for a 288-processor configuration with two racks of 12 chassis each.\XD1, Cray
US cyber security chief resigns The man charged with making US computer networks safer has resigned suddenly.
Nokia Set to Unveil Redesigned TV Phone -- Source  HELSINKI (Reuters) - Nokia &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=NOK1V.HE qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;NOK1V.HE&lt;/A&gt; is set to unveil  another attempt at a mobile phone designed for television and  video, which is thinner and lighter than its predecessor which  never made it to the market, a source said on Monday.
Schwab Cuts Trading Fees Again, Stock Off (Reuters) Reuters - Charles Schwab Corp.  the\biggest U.S. discount brokerage, on Monday said it would cut\trading fees for the second time since June in a bid to\outmaneuver rivals amid fierce competition.
Russia Seeks Aid for Space Program By VLADIMIR ISACHENKOV     MOSCOW (AP) -- Russia's space program is recovering from its post-Soviet financial meltdown, but government spending is still just a fraction of what is needed to revive the program to its former glory, top Russian space experts said Monday.    Some critics have assailed the Kremlin for allowing Russia to lose its edge in space exploration - an edge exemplified by the launch exactly 47 years ago of Sputnik, the world's first satellite...
SpaceShipOne Wins \$10M Prize for Trip to Space A stubby rocket plane powered its rockets and appeared to blast through the Earth's atmosphere for a second time in two weeks Monday to capture a \$10 million prize meant to encourage space tourism.
Amazon expands Web services efforts The e-tailer releases two new packages designed to help people and companies feature Amazon merchande on their own Web sites.
PeopleSoft Ousts Conway From CEO Job OCTOBER 04, 2004 (COMPUTERWORLD) - The turmoil surrounding PeopleSoft Inc. and the uncertainty about its future both increased another notch on Friday after the software vendor announced that its board had 
Office Depot CEO, chairman resigns Office Depot Inc., the second largest US office supply chain, said Monday Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Bruce Nelson has resigned and a search for his successor is underway.
Supreme Court Upholds Do Not Call List The Supreme Court has denied a challenge to the federal Do Not Call List. Telemarketing companies had filed an appeal, saying the registry violated First Amendment rights because some groups were exempt from the rules.
Ballmer bashes iPoders as thieves, industry looks for solutions Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer took quite a dig at the iPod and its users, implying that the iPod was without significant DRM protection, and that the majority of music on everyone #39;s iPods is stolen.
A Patent Strain on Innovation OCTOBER 04, 2004 (COMPUTERWORLD) - Some things are patently ridiculous. One is the US patent system, an institution in desperate need of reform.
NFL: Patriots are the pick of the perfect Five National Football League teams haven #39;t lost this season. One of them, the New England Patriots, haven #39;t lost in more than a year.
Poland sets pullout from Iraq in 2005 BERLIN In a surprise announcement, Poland said Monday that it would withdraw its troops from Iraq by the end of 2005, leaving the US-led multinational forces the task of finding replacements to fill a crucial security role in south-central Iraq.
France Calls Crisis Talks Over Iraq Hostages Farce French Prime Minister Jean-Pierre Raffarin called a ministerial crisis meeting on two French journalists held hostage in Iraq on Monday as efforts to secure their release threatened to turn into a fiasco.
SBC links e-mail, voice messages, fax New service lets consumers access an all-in-one mailbox from anywhere using a phone or the Internet.
Siemens agrees to sell Huawei enterprise gear Siemens AG continues to deepen its ties with Chinese rival Huawei Technologies Co. Ltd. The Munich-based engineering and manufacturing conglomerate agreed Friday to resell routers and switches from Huawei's Quidway product line just eight months after the two companies formed a joint venture for manufacturing new mobile broadband systems in China.
How Can We Stop IM Worms? Traditional antivirus technology may be too slow to protect users, researchers say.
More mobile anti-virus appears Trend Micro will become the latest major anti-virus software company to provide protection against mobile phone viruses with the release today of Trend Micro Mobile Security 1.0.
News: McAfee in BitDefender virus slur spat McAfee has distanced itself from slurs against rival AV firm BitDefender contained in sponsored ad links on Google.com.\
News: WorldPay struggles under DDoS attack (again) WorldPay, the Royal Bank of Scotland's internet payment transaction outfit, is continuing to fight a sustained internet attack which has left its services largely unavailable for a third successive day.\
Infocus: Lessons Learned from Virus Infections This article discusses how a virus outbreak will produce a few unique opportunities to examine the health of an organization's network -- and learn ways to further harden the network from future automated attacks.
New Tremors Detected at Mount St. Helens Volcano (Reuters) Reuters - New tremors detected overnight at Mount\St. Helens increased the likelihood that the Washington state\volcano would erupt again, scientists tracking renewed\earthquake activity at the mountain said on Sunday.
AMD to provide on-demand power management for the Rack-Dense &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; SINGAPORE - December 6, 2004 -MD announced the AMD Opteron processor family will include AMD PowerNow! technology with Optimised Power Management (OPM) in the first half of 2005.
Spanish PM Wants to Testify at Train Bombs Probe (Reuters) Reuters - Spanish Prime Minister Jose Luis\Rodriguez Zapatero said on Monday he wanted to testify before a\parliamentary commission probing the March 11 train bombings --\an appearance likely to trigger a fierce political debate.
France Calls Crisis Talks Over Iraq Hostages Farce (Reuters) Reuters - French Prime Minister Jean-Pierre\Raffarin called a ministerial crisis meeting on two French\journalists held hostage in Iraq on Monday as efforts to secure\their release threatened to turn into a fiasco.
Oil prices dip back below 50 dollars as tensions ease in Nigeria (AFP) AFP - Oil prices slid below the psychologically critical 50 dollar a barrel mark as tensions eased in Nigeria's southern oil heartland, where a rebel group fighting for control of the country's key resource said it had surrendered its weapons.
Arkansas Is 2004 Campaign Battleground (AP) AP - Arkansas may still be Clinton country, but it's no longer Democratic terrain.
Lost in space Congress #39; decision to sink billions into President Bush #39;s man-on-Mars fantasy is premature - and potentially damaging to a national priority that has gotten short shrift for many years, aeronautics research.
Supreme Court Won't Hear Do Not Call Case (AP) AP - The Supreme Court turned away a challenge Monday to the federal do-not-call registry, ending telemarketers' bid to invoke free-speech arguments to get the popular ban on unwanted phone solicitations thrown out.
Afghan Poll Unstoppable, Says U.S. Ambassador  KABUL (Reuters) - Afghanistan's historic presidential  election is now unstoppable, the United States said on Monday,  but other officials warned of more attacks by Taliban  guerrillas and their al Qaeda allies before Saturday's vote.
Spanish PM Wants to Testify at Train Bombs Probe  MADRID (Reuters) - Spanish Prime Minister Jose Luis  Rodriguez Zapatero said on Monday he wanted to testify before a  parliamentary commission probing the March 11 train bombings --  an appearance likely to trigger a fierce political debate.
Turkey Rejects Special Conditions for EU Bid  ANKARA/BRUSSELS (Reuters) - Turkey signaled growing unease  on Monday that the European Union wants to impose special  conditions on its drive to join the wealthy bloc and insisted  it must be treated in the same way as any other candidate  country.
Denmark to Claim North Pole, Hopes to Strike Oil  COPENHAGEN (Reuters) - Denmark aims to claim the North Pole  and hunt for oil in high Arctic regions that may become more  accessible because of global warming, the Science Ministry said  on Monday.
Russia May Ratify Kyoto Protocol in Oct. -- Minister  MOSCOW (Reuters) - The Russian government expects  parliament to ratify the Kyoto Protocol this month in a move  allowing the long-delayed climate change treaty to come into  force worldwide, a senior minister said Monday.
US cyber security chief resigns The man charged with making US computer networks safer has quit after only a year in the job.
Infineon execs get to serve time over price-fixing Four senior executives of German chipmaker Infineon Technologies will serve jail time and pay steep fines for their role in a scheme to fix prices in the memory chip market, said the US Department of Justice.
Sir Elton attacks 'mime' Madonna Sir Elton John accuses Madonna of cheating fans by miming on stage, while collecting a Q Award.
Mariners Fire Melvin After Two Seasons SEATTLE - Bob Melvin was fired as manager of the Seattle Mariners on Monday, a day after the team ended the season with its 99th loss.    Melvin, who lasted two seasons, was told of the decision during a morning meeting at Safeco Field, and general manager Bill Bavasi called a news conference later in the day...
Inside Karzai's Campaign To become Afghanistan's first elected President, he has to placate warlords, pacify the Taliban -- and survive
Tiger tops dog as world #39;s favourite animal London - Viewers of the Animal Planet cable and satellite channel have voted the tiger the world #39;s favourite animal, narrowly beating the dog, according to a poll published on its website, www.
Jarvis warns on refinancing deal Troubled engineering and construction group Jarvis says it faces a bleak future unless it completes a financial restructuring soon.
Schwab cutting its trading fees Charles Schwab (SCH), the biggest US discount brokerage, Monday said it will cut trading fees. Standard online commissions will go down to \$19.
PeopleSoft 3rd-Qtr Sales Beat Estimate as Prices Rise (Update7) PeopleSoft Inc. posted a third-quarter profit and said sales beat analysts #39; estimates, a turnaround that may encourage Oracle Corp.
SunGard to spin off disaster unit SunGard, which provides software and services to top financial companies, will spin off its disaster data recovery business into a separate publicly traded company through a tax-free distribution of shares, according to executives.
Appeals court takes up law used against energy traders NEW ORLEANS The constitutionality of a federal law used to prosecute energy-trading companies and their workers has landed before a federal appeals court.
Why Was Craig Conway Ousted? Oracle may be the big winner in PeopleSoft #39;s firing of CEO Craig Conway. PeopleSoft offered little convincing rationale for the ouster, and speculation centered on the possibility that it is 
Office Depot chief quits Office Depot Inc. Monday said Chairman and Chief Executive Bruce Nelson resigned by mutual agreement with the board, after four years at the helm.
Earnhardt Slip May Jeopardize Nextel Lead (AP) AP - Dale Earnhardt Jr. was strangely subdued after his latest victory at Talladega Superspeedway.
A glimpse of SpaceShipOne #39;s historic flights SpaceShipOne on Monday captured the \$10 million Ansari X prize when it made a second flight in less than a week to the edge of space.
Shuttle return to flight delayed Blaming the busy hurricane season, NASA has announced that it will delay the space shuttle #39;s return to space from March or April to a launch in May or July next year.
Melvin will not return Members of the coaching staff, with the exception of Bryan Price, can pursue other opportunities. Price is under contract for the 2005 season.
Manchester United on the transfer list with takeover bid Britains most famous football club, Manchester United, has been approached in a potential takeover bid. Although the identity of the bidder has not been revealed, most suspect Malcolm Glazer to be behind the move.
Mancini laments defending Inter Milan coach Roberto Mancini says his team will be working on defence after letting a two-goal lead slip against Roma at the Olympic Stadium on Sunday.
EU fine-tunes crunch report on Turkey #39;s membership bid The European Commission on Monday fine-tuned a crunch report on Turkey #39;s bid to join the EU, expected to give a green light but warn of a long road ahead, as Ankara demanded that no special conditions be set.
Oil prices drop amid easing of tensions in Nigeria LONDON, United Kingdom -- Oil prices fell back from record highs Monday, ducking below 50 dollars in New York as fears of disruption to supplies from Nigeria receded after a peace deal between rival gangs in the oil-rich Niger Delta.
Lycos launches  #39;make love, not spam #39; program Madrid - At the risk of breaching Internet civility, Lycos Europe is offering computer-users a weapon against spam-spewing servers: a screen-saver program that automatically hits the offenders with data to slow them down.
Mariners Fire Melvin Bob Melvin is fired as manager of the Seattle Mariners, a day after the team ended the season with its 99th loss.
Treasuries Dip But Selling Momentum Slows (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. Treasury debt was down a sliver\on Monday, but four straight days of selling appeared to be\sputtering out as investors awaited key events like a speech\from the Fed chairman and the crucial September jobs report.
U.S. Stocks Advance as Oil Prices Slip  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks rose on Monday on a dip in  oil prices and improved investor sentiment about the economy.
Office Depot Chairman, CEO Nelson Resigns  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Office Depot Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=ODP.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;ODP.N&lt;/A&gt; on Monday  said Chairman and Chief Executive Bruce Nelson has resigned  after the No. 2 U.S. office supply chain determined it needed a  new leader to boost sales and stem a slide in market share.
Freddie Mac Restructuring Mortgage-Securities Operations Freddie Mac will shut down the market-making operations of its securities sales and trading unit as it restructures some mortgage-securities operations, the government-sponsored home-mortgage company said Monday.
Far and Away, a Worthy Telecom Value, income, and dividends? Chunghwa, from Taiwan, delivers them all.
Charles Schwab Cuts Online Commissions Charles Schwab Corp. on Monday said its brokerage unit will cut its base online stock-trading fee to \$19.95 from \$29.95, starting Nov. 1. The price cut could reduce revenue by 2 percent for the next 12 months 
Supreme Court upholds Do Not Call registry ZDNet #39;s survey of IT professionals in August kept Wired  amp; Wireless on top for the 18th month in a row. WASHINGTON--The US Supreme Court on Monday let stand a lower-court ruling that telemarketers #39; rights to 
RadioShack inks deal to operate Sam #39;s Club wireless kiosks RadioShack Corp. has agreed to take over the operaton of wireless kiosks in 542 Sam #39;s Club locations nationwide, RadioShack said Monday.
Interfor Bids C\$368 Million for Riverside Forest (Update4) International Forest Products Ltd., a Canadian lumber producer, agreed to buy Riverside Forest Products Ltd. for C\$368 million (\$290 million) in cash and stock, topping a hostile bid from Tolko Industries Ltd.
U.S. Researchers Win 2004 Nobel Prize (AP) AP - Two Americans won the Nobel Prize in medicine Monday for discovering how people can recognize and remember an estimated 10,000 odors, from spoiled meat to a lover's perfume.
Cisco, Fujitsu to collabrate on high end routers Fujitsu and Cisco Systems announced that they have reached a fundamental agreement to enter into a strategic alliance focusing on routers and switches that will enable service providers and enterprises to build advanced Internet Protocol (IP) networks.
SunGard to Spin Off Disaster Recovery Biz SunGard (Quote, Chart) said its board of directors has unanimously decided to spin off its disaster recovery business and take it public through a tax-free distribution of shares.
Paychex founder, CEO steps down Paychex Inc., one of the largest US payroll processors, said Monday founder Thomas Golisano has stepped down as president and chief executive and was replaced by Jonathan Judge, effective immediately.
RadioShack boosts forecast on Sam #39;s Club deal FORT WORTH, Texas RadioShack raised its 2005 sales forecast today due to the company #39;s new kiosk agreement with the Sam #39;s Club warehouse chain.
Lockheed Martin Team in Postal Pact Lockheed Martin Corp. said Monday that the Postal Service selected a team led by the company to provide managed network services across its 37,000 locations under a contract worth up to \$3 billion.
General Mills to Sell Stake in Cereals General Mills Inc. (GIS.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Monday said it will sell an \$835 million stake in its cereal business to an affiliate of Lehman Brothers Holding Inc.
IRS asks about tips at Chili #39;s Brinker International Inc., which operates the Chili #39;s restaurant chain, said Monday it received an inquiry from the Internal Revenue Service regarding the company #39;s share of taxes on \$31.
Quebec to invest \$1B in wind power QUEBEC - The Quebec government will spend a billion dollars over the next eight years to create a series of private wind-powered electrical plants, Premier Jean Charest announced today.
Jury Rules in Favor of Kodak in Dispute A federal jury has backed Eastman Kodak Co. in a high-stakes, patent-infringement dispute with Sun Microsystems Inc. over the Silicon Valley company #39;s popular Java programming language.
Ballmer Says Apple Won #39;t Dominate Digital Technology Microsoft chief executive Steve Ballmer said in London yesterday that the future of digital technology in the home will be with Microsoft, not Apple.
IE Strategy Backfires It #39;s official. Microsoft recently stated definitivelyand contrary to rumorsthat there will be no new versions of Internet Explorer for users of older versions of Windows.
Libraries Enter Digital Age Digital audio downloads save shelf space, and patrons don #39;t have to wait until a book is returned. Remember how exciting it was as a child to go into the library to fill out an application for your very own 
A flash-based iPod from Apple? Not so fast &lt;a href="http://www.theregister.co.uk/2004/10/04/flash_ipod_rumoured/"&gt;Alleged Apple Flash iPod  #39;partner #39; signs with Rio&lt;/a&gt; &lt;font size=-1 color=#6f6f6f&gt;&lt;nobr&gt;The Register&lt;/nobr&gt;
Hitachi, NEC router venture Alaxala goes live LONDON - The joint network router and switch company created by Hitachi, Ltd. and NEC Corporation, dubbed Alaxala Networks Corporation, started operating Monday (October 4th) with Hitachi offering a gigabit router initially.
Packers deal disgruntled CB McKenzie to Saints The Packers said they had acquired quarterback JT O #39;Sullivan, 25, and a second-round selection in the 2005 draft from the Saints in return for McKenzie, 28, and a future conditional draft choice.
UPDATE 1-New Barca blow as Edmilson out for six months Barcelona #39;s Brazil defender Edmilson will be sidelined for at least six months after undergoing knee surgery on Monday, club doctors said.
Wigley granted licence reprieve Southampton head coach Steve Wigley has been granted a stay of execution by the Premier League despite him not holding the necessary qualifications.
Lions prepare for Vick, Falcons The hard-hitting Atlanta Falcons defense doesn #39;t scare Joey Harrington. Eastern Michigan, on the other hand, made him a nervous wreck.
Redknapp charged after bad tackle LONDON, England -- The English Football Association have charged Tottenham captain Jamie Redknapp with serious foul play. The Spurs captain was guilty of a late challenge on Tim Cahill that resulted in the 
Pakistan Soldiers Kill Four Militants, Truce Agreed Pakistan #39;s military and al Qaeda-linked militants agreed to a 10-day truce on Monday, the day the army killed four Islamic militants including two foreigners in a tribal region near Afghanistan, officials said.
U.S. Plans Crackdown on Piracy, Counterfeiting  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The United States is cracking down  on the growing trade in counterfeit and pirated goods that  costs U.S. businesses hundreds of billions of dollar annually,  U.S. government and industry officials said on Monday.
FCC Boss Backs Cingular-ATT Wireless Deal  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Federal Communications  Commission Chairman Michael Powell plans to recommend Cingular  Wireless receive approval to purchase AT T Wireless Services  Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=AWE.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;AWE.N&lt;/A&gt; with some divestitures, sources familiar with the  matter said on Monday.
WebMethods names new CEO, chairman The company promotes from within--Chief Operating Officer David Mitchell is appointed CEO.
Sybase links back office to mobile devices Company debuts new products that let businesspeople shuttle data from databases to mobile gadgets.
SBC links e-mail, voice messages, faxes New service lets consumers access an all-in-one mailbox from anywhere with a phone or the Internet.
IBM laptop features fingerprint scanner ThinkPad T42 is equipped with biometric device designed to limit access to sensitive data.
Bush, Kerry Don't Spend Much on Online Ads-Study (Reuters) Reuters - The information superhighway has\been a one-way street in the 2004 presidential campaign,  with\President Bush and Democrat John Kerry raising money on the\Internet but spending very little to advertise online,\according to a study released on Monday.
IPO for new Saudi mobile company opens October 16 (AFP) AFP - The initial public offering (IPO) of shares in the newly established Saudi mobile phone company led by the United Arab Emirates' Etisalat will start October 16, the head of the Capital Market Authority announced.
SunGard Divides, Spins Off DR Unit (AP) AP - Software company SunGard Data Systems Inc. is dividing into two parts and spinning off its disaster-recovery technology business to shareholders, chief executive Cristobal Conde said. Its shares climbed more than 12 percent Monday.
Jury Rules in Favor of Kodak in Dispute (AP) AP - A federal jury has backed Eastman Kodak Co. in a high-stakes, patent-infringement dispute with Sun Microsystems Inc. over the Silicon Valley company's popular Java programming language.
Talk of El Nino Floods, Droughts Worries Farmers (Reuters) Reuters - After a seemingly unending string of\hurricanes and typhoons, talk that the "little boy" is stirring\in the Pacific is unwelcome news for weather-battered farmers.
U.S. Aid Official: Worst Still to Come in Darfur (Reuters) Reuters - The crisis in Sudan's Darfur region,\where more than a million people have fled their homes to\escape violence, will worsen and the death toll could hit\300,000 this year, a senior U.S. official said on Monday.
OAS Official Asked to Resign Over Scandal (AP) AP - Costa Rica's president said Monday he is asking Miguel Angel Rodriguez to resign as secretary-general of the Organization of American States because of alleged payments from a government contractor.
Vice presidential debate takes on new importance (AFP) AFP - Vice President Dick Cheney will square off with his Democratic rival John Edwards in a televised debate Tuesday that suddenly takes on importance for the Republicans after George W. Bush's tepid showing last week.
Sharon accuses Iran of sedition Israel's prime minister accuses arch foe Iran of trying to recruit Arab citizens for anti-Israeli activity.
Oracle trial tactic: Conway lied to analysts Redwood Shores-based software giant Oracle Corp. said in court that PeopleSoft Inc. CEO Craig Conway lied about the effects of Oracle #39;s \$7.
RadioShack to run Sam #39;s Club kiosks CHICAGO (CBS.MW) -- RadioShack Corp. said Monday that it is selling mobile phones at more than 500 Sam #39;s Club locations to drum up sales and stretch its lead in wireless retailing.
CMS to offer shares to public CMS Energy announced today the company intends to offer 22 million shares of common stock to the public. The underwriters will be granted an option to purchase an additional 3.3 million common 
SpaceShipOne stakes claim to \$10mn prize US rocketship SpaceShipOne has blasted into space for the second time in five days, staking claim to a \$10-million prize for the first private manned space travel and setting a new altitude record.
Microsoft Angling for Music, Movies Consumers Microsoft #39;s recently released Media Player 10 is being hailed by some reviewers as the first real challenge to Apple #39;s dominance in the online music space.
IBM laptop features fingerprint scanner IBM announced on Monday the launch of a new line of ThinkPad notebooks designed to provide an extra layer of data protection through advanced fingerprint technology.
Brother Introduces 4 New Multifunction Printers Under US\$200 Brother has introduced four new multifunction printers, all under US\$200. There are two sheet-feeder models, the MFC-3240c and MFC-3340cn, and two flatbed models, the MFC-5440cn and MFC-5840cn.
Saints Acquire Veteran Cornerback McKenzie (Reuters) Reuters - The New Orleans Saints\Monday acquired cornerback Mike McKenzie and a future\conditional draft choice from Green Bay. In exchange, the\Packers received a second-round pick in 2005 and quarterback\J.T. O'Sullivan.
As the seasons change, these tips will help you deal with wind After a season of near misses in golf #39;s major championships, Ernie Els fired back Sunday to tame the difficult Ireland conditions at the American Express World Golf Championship and quiet the critics.
Saints acquire veteran cornerback McKenzie New Orleans, LA (Sports Network) - The New Orleans Saints Monday acquired cornerback Mike McKenzie and a future conditional draft choice from Green Bay.
Owen may not partner Rooney in Wales game LONDON, 4 Oct. -- Michael Owen looks likely to miss out on partnering Wayne Rooney up front in England #39;s World Cup qualifier against Wales on Saturday.
Lions prepare for Vick, Falcons While many of his Detroit Lions teammates spent the bye weekend at home with their families, Harrington stayed in town to see his brother play college football.
Strasbourg sack coach Kombouare STRASBOURG, Oct 4 (SW) - After a winless start to the Ligue 1 season, Racing Club de Strasbourg have become the second French club to sack their coach this year, letting of manager Antoine Kombouare.
Hardest part of democracy: Creating beneficent state Few can doubt the historic importance of the peaceful and democratic passing of executive power to Indonesia #39;s first ever directly elected president later this month -- with the former general-turned-democrat, Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono as the winner.
Poland floats plan to pull out of Iraq by end-2005 Poland #39;s leaders floated the idea on Monday of withdrawing troops from Iraq by the end of next year, giving the first timetable for a planned pullout by the staunch Washington ally.
A Sea Change in Slovenia LJUBLJANA, Slovenia--After more than a decade of almost continual rule, Slovenia #39;s center-left Liberal Democrats face a spell in opposition in the wake of a surprise defeat in the parliamentary elections on 3 October.
Saints Acquire Veteran Cornerback McKenzie  NEW ORLEANS (Sports Network) - The New Orleans Saints  Monday acquired cornerback Mike McKenzie and a future  conditional draft choice from Green Bay. In exchange, the  Packers received a second-round pick in 2005 and quarterback  J.T. O'Sullivan.
Freddie Mac Shuts Bond Broker Business (Reuters) Reuters - Freddie Mac , the No. 2 U.S.\mortgage finance company, said on Monday it will no longer\serve as a broker dealer in the multi-trillion-dollar mortgage\bond market, a move some said is designed to lower risk and\placate regulators.
Economy Emerging from Soft Spot-Fed Gov  PHILADELPHIA (Reuters) - Federal Reserve Board Governor  Susan Schmidt Bies on Monday said the latest batch of U.S.  economic figures showed the economy has gotten past its  mid-year soft patch.
Stocks Rise; Siebel Boosts Tech Shares  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks rose on Monday as oil  prices eased a little and Friday's start-of-quarter buying  spree continued into the new week.
Office Depot CEO Resigns Disappointments abound across business lines. Apparently, it is time for a change.
Schwab Cuts Online Commissions, Fees Schwab is cutting online equity commissions by 33 percent, options trade commissions by 60 percent and automated phone trades by 40 percent.
Bombardier Recreational Settles Lawsuit Bombardier Recreational Products Inc. said Monday it had settled a three-year-old patent infringement lawsuit filed by Simmons Inc.
UPDATE 2-Quebec launches C\$1.9 bln in wind power projects Hydro-Quebec awarded C\$1.9 billion (\$1.5 billion) in wind-power projects to two groups on Monday in a massive push to position itself as Canada #39;s biggest buyer of the renewable energy source.
Dodge Charger image released NEW YORK (CNN/Money) - DaimlerChrysler #39;s Dodge division has released the first official sketch of the upcoming Dodge Charger. The Charger is a four-door sedan planned for the 2006 model year.
Rallying from a slow start this season, Houston clinches the NL &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Houston Astros players celebrate their NL wild-card-clinching win over the Colorado Rockies. The Astros finalized the playoff pairing by beating the Colorado Rockies 5-3 Sunday in Houston to edge the San Francisco Giants for a playoff berth.
Vibrating sex toy shuts Australian airport MACKAY, AUSTRALIA - A vibrating sex toy tossed in a garbage can shut down operations at an Australian airport for about an hour on Monday.
SunGard Data to spin off business SunGard Data Systems Inc. said Monday it will spin off its information availability services business, which helps organizations maintain access to their electronic data during everything from minor mishaps to major disasters.
US Air Realigns Sales, Delta Pushes Pilots Amid talk of a possible liquidation, bankrupt US Airways in recent weeks completed a reorganization that eliminated several corporate sales positions while emphasizing newer 
Update 2: Freddie Mac Announces Changes in Division Mortgage giant Freddie Mac announced Monday that it is shutting down some operations of its debt-securities sales division and transferring others - moves that experts said should tighten the company #39;s internal controls after an accounting scandal.
SBC, Cingular establish new IP-based integrated messaging service San Antonio-based SBC Communications Inc. (NYSE: SBC) has developed a new IP-based service Monday that will allow customers to combine their wireline and wireless voice mailboxes, e-mail accounts and faxes.
Sun loses \$1 billion lawsuit to Kodak Let #39;s say you #39;re a technology company that #39;s now struggling to cope with technological changes that threaten the very premise of your business... Waitaminute, maybe that particular hypothetical isn #39;t such 
Gates in Silicon Valley Bill Gates made three public appearances during a trip to California late last week. Some of the more interesting moments, as captured in the media coverage: San Francisco Chronicle:  quot;Gates took questions 
IBM creates management consulting service IT Management and Web Technology have been fighting neck-to-neck for the fifth spot for the last year. This month, IT Management drops a rank to #6.
Houston beats Rockies to grab final playoff spot WASHINGTON, (AFP) - Brandon Backe allowed two runs in five-plus innings, as Houston seized Major League Baseball #39;s final playoff spot with a 5-3 triumph over the Colorado Rockies.
New Indonesian presdient faces tough tasks JAKARTA, Indonesia -- Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono was declared Indonesia #39;s next president today and now faces the tough task of rebuilding a country plagued by attacks from al-Qaida-linked terrorists, separatist conflicts and an economy still reeling from 
Arab Diplomats Seek UN Condemnation of Israeli Offensive Arab diplomats at the United Nations are drafting language for a Security Council statement that could condemn Israel for its offensive in the Gaza Strip.
Cambodia Approves Tribunal for Khmer Rouge Leaders fter years of delays, the Cambodian Parliament ratified an agreement with the United Nations today to create an international tribunal to try surviving leaders of the Khmer Rouge regime for 
Stocks Rise; Siebel Boosts Tech Shares (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. stocks rose on Monday as oil\prices eased a little and Friday's start-of-quarter buying\spree continued into the new week.
Freddie Mac Announces Changes in Division Mortgage giant Freddie Mac announced Monday that it is shutting down some operations of its debt-securities sales division and transferring others - moves that experts said should tighten the company's internal controls after an accounting scandal.
Back to Books for Barnes   Noble The bookseller decides to distribute its interest in GameStop to shareholders.
PeopleSoft Says Revenue Will Beat Wall Street Forecasts At the same time, Oracle #39;s in court trying to strip PeopleSoft of its poison-pill provisions. By Antone Gonsalves, TechWeb News.
Breaking Merck #39;s Bones NEW YORK - Merck suffered a huge blow last week when it had to pull its blockbuster painkiller Vioxx from the market after a big study showed that it doubled the risk of heart attacks and strokes.
Fox joins Blu-ray group com October 4, 2004, 11:57 AM PT. Twentieth Century Fox has joined a group developing one of two formats being promoted as a next-generation DVD technology.
Cox brings VoIP service to more cities com October 4, 2004, 12:22 PM PT. ZDNet #39;s survey of IT professionals in August kept Wired  amp; Wireless on top for the 18th month in a row.
SpaceShipOne wins \$10MX Prize SpaceShipOne has completed its second suborbital flight in five days, securing the \$10 million Ansari X Prize. SpaceShipOne is the first privately built, manned vehicle to reach space.
Jury Rules for Kodak in Java Patent Dispute Eastman Kodak Co. won the first round of a Java lawsuit against Sun Microsystems Inc. that could impact Sun #39;s bottom line and possibly threaten Microsoft #39;s .
Top nuclear official briefs Majlis committee TEHRAN (IRNA) -- Iran #39;s top nuclear official went to parliament Monday to brief its National Security and Foreign Policy Committee on the process of work on the country #39;s peaceful nuclear program.
Red Hat Buys Netscape Technology Linux distributor Red Hat announced that it has reached an agreement with America Online to purchase several products derived from the Netscape Enterprise Suite, including Netscape Directory 
Soccer: Owen should be fit for Welsh clash, says Eriksson LONDON : England coach Sven-Goran Eriksson is confident Michael Owen will shrug off injury and take his place in the starting line-up to face Wales in Saturday #39;s World Cup qualifier.
Sosa, Baker blast each other on final day CHICAGO - The end of the Cubs #39; season has erupted into a war of words between Cubs right fielder Sammy Sosa and manager Dusty Baker.
World silent in face of carnage in Gaza The Zionist armys attacks on residential areas in Gaza reached a peak over the past week. So far, at least 63 defenseless people from Gaza have been martyred in Israels military operation, codenamed Days of Penitence.
Afghan security forces will need international aid for 2-3 years &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; BERLIN (AFP) - Afghan President Hamid Karzai said the international community would need to help rebuild the security forces in his war-ravaged country for at least another two years, in an interview broadcast Monday.
Singaporean flight resumes journey to New York after bomb alert A Singapore Airlines flight which wasdiverted Monday to Britain #39;s Manchester Airport following a bomb scare resumed its journey to New York three hours later after being given the all clear.
Rojo Blog Launched \\Today we launched our Rojo blog:\\"We are very pleased to announce a new company: Rojo Networks, Inc. Our mission\is to make online content more accessible and useful for information\consumers, and our free Internet service, Rojo, aims to do just that."\\"In early 2003 the founders of Rojo met for the first time in a cafe in San\Francisco. We had come from different backgrounds-Chris Alden had been a\co-founder of Red Herring Communications and so had come from a publishing\perspective while Kevin Burton had developed and was soon to release an RSS\reader called NewsMonster (see who else is involved in Rojo here)-but we\shared a passionate belief that with the revolution in online writing, ...\\
France Calls Crisis Talks Over Iraq Hostages Farce  PARIS (Reuters) - French Prime Minister Jean-Pierre  Raffarin met ministers for a crisis meeting on two French  journalists held hostage in Iraq on Monday as efforts to secure  their release threatened to turn into a fiasco.
Zambian leader sacks his deputy Zambia's Vice-President Never Mumba is sacked for making accusations about DR Congo.
Supreme Court Affirms Do-Not-Call Ruling The national do-not-call list overcame its last legal hurdle Monday when the Supreme Court let stand a lower-court ruling affirming its constitutionality.
U.S. Researchers Win 2004 Nobel Prize Two Americans won the Nobel Prize in medicine Monday for discovering how people can recognize and remember an estimated 10,000 odors, from spoiled meat to a lover's perfume.    Dr...
US Airways pilots to resume talks on pay cuts -NYT The pilots union of bankrupt airline US Airways (UAIRQ.O: Quote, Profile, Research) failed over the weekend to agree to a new round of pay cuts and will resume its deliberations on Tuesday, the New York Times reported.
Daimler #39;s Car Quest Ford (NYSE: F) may have proclaimed the 2005 model year as the  quot;Year of the Car, quot; but DaimlerChrysler (NYSE: DCX) threatens to steal its thunder in 2005 and beyond.
Microsoft hopes cash register OS adds up in sales Retail-oriented version of Windows XP Embedded will be designed to make it easier to process sales from registers, kiosks and other devices.
Navigating PCs with pictures, not words Is your hard drive the land of the lost files? An experimental software program labels files with images that can be easily remembered.
Intel, EEOC to mediate employment disputes Chipmaker becomes first Silicon Valley company to form a mediation partnership with the U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity Commission.
Siebel, PeopleSoft Trigger Sector Bounce Just three months ago, investors of technology stocks watched values plummet after some 20 software companies warned Wall Street that sales would remain lackluster in what turned out to be a brutal second quarter.
Paychex #39;s founder CEO resigns NEW YORK, October 4 (newratings.com) - Paychex #39;s (PAYX.NAS) billionaire founder, B Thomas Golisano, has stepped down from his position as President and CEO of the company.
Fox joins Blu-ray group The studio will be a significant ally for the group, which is trying to win support for its technology over the rival HD DVD format.
Cosmic explosions could precede supernovae A trio of powerful explosions emanating from three different regions in space could mean astronomers might see stars blowing up within days, scientists said on Friday.
Clijsters #39; latest injury could be serious Brussels, Belgium (Sports Network) - Former world No. 1 Kim Clijsters #39; latest wrist injury will likely end her season, but it #39;s not expected to require surgery.
Packers Trade McKenzie GREEN BAY, Wis. -- The Green Bay Packers have traded cornerback Mike McKenzie to New Orleans. Do you think the Packers made a good move trading Mike McKenzie to New Orleans?
Philippoussis makes another early exit at Japan Open Mark Philippoussis dropped his fifth straight opening match Monday, losing to Tomas Zib of the Czech Republic 6-3, 6-4 in the Japan Open #39;s first round.
Arm reveals Neon multimedia extension technology Microprocessor designer Arm Ltd. has developed a new multimedia technology called Neon that will help improve the performance of mobile electronics devices that process multiple tasks, the company said Monday.
IBM Puts Security at Your Fingertips ThinkPad T42 series notebooks now feature an embedded fingerprint reader.
Top Court Upholds Do-Not-Call Registry The US Supreme Court on Monday let stand a lower-court ruling that telemarketers #39; rights to free speech are not violated by the government #39;s nationwide do-not-call list.
Office Depot Forces Out Chairman, CEO Office Depot Inc. chairman and CEO Bruce Nelson has been forced out after four years in the job for what his interim successor said Monday were failures of execution 
Turning the Tables Using CSS Have you noticed web pages loading a bit faster than usual? You might thank Eric Meyer, an expert and author on the subject of Cascading Style Sheets (CSS)  #151; a standards-based method of coding websites to make them work more efficiently with today #146;s Internet browsers. Oct 04
SpaceDev Burns Rubber You don #39;t need to carry a light saber or speak Klingon to get excited about the doings in Mojave today. SpaceShipOne, the product of aviation visionary Burt Rutan 
IBM Puts Security at Your Fingertips Looking to lock up your notebook and its data? IBM is offering you a new choice: its already attractive Thinkpad T42 series now integrates a fingerprint reader.
 #36;1B in Federal Aid to Schools Delayed (AP) AP - More than  #36;1 billion in federal aid to help schools and libraries connect to the Internet is being delayed by a bookkeeping change that has tied up the money.
Real Madrid continues this season where it left last Real Madrid is off to its worst start to a season in 73 years, following an equally bad finish at the end of the last. At the same time, FC Barcelona has risen two points clear of champions 
IBM Puts Security at Your Fingertips (PC World) PC World - ThinkPad T42 series notebooks now feature an embedded fingerprint reader.
Two Indonesian women released in Iraq An Iraqi group has released two Indonesian women captives who were handed over to the United Arab Emirates #39; embassy in Baghdad, Arab television reported.
Red Hat Buys Netscape Technology (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - Red Hat (Nasdaq: RHAT), the U.S. Linux distributor, said it will buy a number of software assets from America Online.
Siebel Raises Forecast, Stock Up 16 Pct. (Reuters) Reuters - Business software maker Siebel\Systems Inc.  on Monday said third-quarter revenue\would beat Wall Street estimates, driven by a rebound in\licensing revenue, sending its shares up almost 16 percent.
Tenn. Seeks Help in Plant Categorization (AP) AP - State officials are calling on the public to help them count and categorize all the plants and animals in Tennessee's 54 parks.
Fed Officials See More Rate Hikes  PHILADELPHIA (Reuters) - The U.S. economy has come through  its recent soft patch and the Federal Reserve still has some  way to go to restore interest rates to more normal levels, Fed  officials said on Monday.
Siebel Raises Forecast, Stock Up 16 Pct.  LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - Business software maker Siebel  Systems Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=SEBL.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;SEBL.O&lt;/A&gt; on Monday said third-quarter revenue  would beat Wall Street estimates, driven by a rebound in  licensing revenue, sending its shares up almost 16 percent.
SpaceDev Burns Rubber Commercial space flight doesn't offer too many opportunities for investors, but there is one tiny prospect.
VERITAS: Discounted and Attractive It might be worth taking a good look at this stock, which has fallen far in the last 52 weeks.
Macromedia announces training tool The new tool automatically records all on-screen activity on a user's PC, for playback later as an interactive demonstration, among other uses.
PeopleSoft #39;s ex-CEO accepts to have misled investors NEW YORK, October 4 (newratings.com) - PeopleSoft #39;s (PSFT.NAS) former CEO, Craig Conway, has accepted to have lied when he told investors last year that Oracle #39;s \$7.
Peoplesoft Revenues To Beat Expectations PeopleSoft says its quarterly revenues will beat analyst expectations, thanks to an increase in the number of orders of more than \$1 million.
US Air pilots undecided over contract SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW) -- The 12-member pilot leadership council at US Airways Group delayed its decision Saturday on whether it will send management #39;s latest contract offer to its pilots for a vote.
Oil Giant BP Reports Increase in 3Q BP PLC reported an 11 percent increase in production for the third quarter on Monday, which may help its profit results over the same period.
Pirating Just Got Easier Sonys music unit is abandoning its CDs that use built-in technology to limit copying them, after pushing the program for two years.
Freddie Mac to Restructure Unit Government-sponsored lender Freddie Mac said Monday that it will restructure some of its mortgage securities operations, primarily by ceasing the market-making activities of its Securities 
Lockheed Martin Wins Big US Postal Service Contract Bethesda-based Lockheed Martin has been chosen by the US Postal Service to provide managed network services in a potential \$6 billion deal.
NCSA Kicks off Cyber Security Awareness Month The National Cyber Security Alliance (NCSA), a private, non-profit organization that lends its support to the Department of Homeland Security #39;s (DHS) efforts in promoting computer security, is using the month of October to reach out to the Internet 
Astros don #39;t like chokers these days Baseball can be so fickle. The line between the daring and defeatist is precariously thin, blurred by intangible factors, altered by blind providence.
McKenzie traded The Mike McKenzie saga came to a sudden end Monday when the Green Bay Packers traded the disgruntled but talented cornerback to the New Orleans Saints for a backup quarterback and second-round draft choice.
White Sox reach agreement with Politte Reliever Cliff Politte agreed Monday to a one-year, \$1 million extension through next year with the Chicago White Sox. The club will have an option for 2006 at a salary of \$1.
Sosa responds to Baker criticism Sammy Sosa has fired back at comments made by manager Dusty Baker prior to Sunday #39;s season ending win over the Atlanta Braves.
Iraqi-Italian  #39;killed by captors #39; An Iraqi man who has lived in Italy since 1980 has been killed by abductors in Iraq, his brother said Monday. Ayad Anwar Wali, a 43-year-old businessman, was kidnapped August 31 in Baghdad.
Turkey #39;s Long Road to EU Accession Turkey #39;s bid to join the EU will enter a new phase on Wednesday (6 October) when the European Commission will publish a report expected to play a decisive role in whether the country is given a starting date for accession talks.
Indonesian leader appeals for hostages #39; release as captors make &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; JAKARTA: President Megawati Sukarnoputri has appealed for the release of two Indonesian women held hostage in Iraq as their captors demanded a militant Indonesian preacher be freed in return.
The passion of the beatification The 19th century mystic nun who inspired some of the more controversial scenes of Mel Gibson #39;s hit movie, The Passion of the Christ, was beatified on Sunday by Pope John Paul II.
Vibrator shuts down Australian airport Hundreds of airline passengers suffered disruption to their travel plans when a major regional airport was shut down for an hour after a humming and vibrating adult sex toy was mistaken for a bomb.
Iraqi Kidnappers Release 2 Indonesian Women Two Indonesian women held hostage for several days by militants in Iraq have been freed. The two women were handed over to the United Arab Emirates embassy in Baghdad on Monday.
Feds Kick Off Digital TV Consumer Campaign (AP) AP - It's one of the biggest technical changes in television since color TV: the digital transition. And because many Americans remain in the dark about it, federal regulators began an education campaign Monday to enlighten them.
Russian Expects Vote on Kyoto Treaty (AP) AP - Russia's parliament is moving toward a vote this month on the Kyoto Protocol, action that could bring the international treaty on climate change into effect after years of delay, the deputy prime minister said Monday.
Death toll in Darfur region of Sudan could reach 300,000, U.S. official says (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - GENEVA (AP) - The mounting death toll in Sudan's conflict-ravaged Darfur region could rise six-fold by the end of the year, hitting 300,000, a senior U.S. aid official said Monday.
Charron, Abella sworn in as Supreme Court justices (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - OTTAWA (CP) - Rosie Abella, whose brother died in a concentration camp and whose father could not practise law when he came to Canada because he was Jewish, came near tears Monday as she was sworn in as a justice of the Supreme Court of Canada.
2 Clean Uniforms, Owners' Fates Unknown The owner of a dry cleaning shop in Oceanside, Calif., says that two military uniforms that have hung unclaimed for two years will be kept until the Iraq conflict is over.
Stocks Rise on Drop in Oil, Fed Comments NEW YORK - A drop in oil prices and reassuring words from the Federal Reserve sent stocks higher Monday, raising hopes that Wall Street would be able to extend its recent rally.    Investors were cheered by a dip in oil prices, which backed off the \$50 per barrel mark at Friday's close of trading...
Briefly: Macromedia announces training tool roundup Plus: Yahoo launches local-search engine...Sybase links back office to mobile devices...Legal expert joins open-source screening firm...Cray signs two supercomputing customers.
Private spaceship wins \$10M prize A stubby rocket plane powered its rockets and blasted through Earths atmosphere for a second time in two weeks today to capture a \$10-million prize meant to encourage space tourism.
File Deletion Flaw In Firefox Fixed The Mozilla Foundation #39;s Firefox stand-alone browser, which has been riding a wave of defectors from the security-plagued Internet Explorer, has a bug of its own, the open-source group recently announced.
Brazil to Limit Uranium Plant Access as Powell Visits (Update1) Brazil will limit United Nations #39; access to a uranium enrichment plant as US Secretary of State Colin Powell visits the country to press for unimpeded inspections, the country #39;s ambassador in Washington said.
A's Have Winter to Ponder Late Stumble (AP) AP - The Oakland Athletics are baffled by their late-season collapse. It's so completely out of character. The A's are headed home for an even longer winter this year thanks to their problematic pitching in crunch time and a sputtering offense that caused this club to miss the playoffs for the first time in five years.
Packers trade Mike McKenzie to Saints Defensive back Mike McKenzie of Green Bay was traded Monday to the New Orleans Saints. The Saints gave up a second-round pick in 2005 and third-string quarterback JT O #39;Sullivan for McKenzie and a future draft choice.
Vikings #39; Bennett to remain sidelined Eden Prairie, MN (Sports Network) - Minnesota Vikings running back Michael Bennett is expected to miss at least two more games after undergoing arthroscopic surgery on his right knee Monday.
Expos Will Always Remember Blue Monday (AP) AP - The Montreal Expos will always remember Blue Monday. One win from the World Series, the Expos were tied with the Los Angeles Dodgers in the ninth inning. Ace pitcher Steve Rogers was on the mound. Olympic Stadium was buzzing. And then, Rick Monday ruined it all.
Vikings' Bennett Has Surgery on Knee (AP) AP - Minnesota running back Michael Bennett will miss at least two more games after undergoing arthroscopic surgery Monday to repair a torn meniscus in his right knee.
Payton Reports to Celtics Training Camp (AP) AP - Gary Payton, the veteran guard the Boston Celtics acquired in an offseason trade with the Los Angeles Lakers, reported to training camp on Monday.
Consensus eludes key issues at IMF-WB meet Save for the promise of a new plan by the year-end to resolve the long-pending issue of debt relief to poor countries, the International Monetary Fund-World Bank annual meetings have ended without any consensus on critical issues.
High Court ruling opens banks to new card issuers The US Supreme Court rejected appeals by Visa and MasterCard to overturn a ruling that they violated antitrust rules by barring banks from issuing cards on rival networks.
SunGard Spins Off Data-Availability Unit SunGard Data Systems will spin-off its data recovery business as a separate company. The company #39;s software and services unit handles most trades on the Nasdaq stock exchange.
Incoming EU trade chief confident of position on Airbus subsidies BRUSSELS, Belgium The incoming European Union trade commissioner is criticizing the United States for failing to work to resolve a dispute over government aid to Boeing and Airbus.
Private Space Ship Snares X-Prize The three-person spacecraft flew higher than 62 miles for the second time in a week and captured the X-Prize, an award offered to promote private-sector development of spaceships.
PalmOne intros 256MB Tungsten T5 PDA PALMONE SAID that its \$399 Tungsten T5 personal digital assistant comes with 256MB of flash memory and can double as a portable USB drive.
Sun #39;s Java Infringes on Kodak Patents A jury in Rochester, NY, found Sun Microsystems (Quote, Chart) liable for using patented technology owned by photography company Eastman Kodak (Quote, Chart) in the Java programming language.
ThinkPad to read fingertips MARKHAM, Ont., Oct. 4 - IBM Canada has introduced a ThinkPad laptop computer with an integrated fingerprint reader, a model that delivers simplified access to password-protected personal and financial information, websites, documents and e-mail.
Xamlon #39;s Quest: Bring Devs to XAML A software tools maker is staking its future on helping developers prepare for streamlined coding for Web services (define) as well as Avalon, the graphics display component in the works for Longhorn, Microsoft #39;s next version of Windows.
Amazon expands Web services efforts com October 4, 2004, 9:13 AM PT. This fourth priority #39;s main focus has been improving or obtaining CRM and ERP software for the past year and a half.
Detecting Virus Outbreaks The Moment They Start Killing a virus attack before it becomes damaging is something of a holy grail in today #39;s security environment. That #39;s because most viruses today are distributed through attachments to e-mail 
Software Enables Wireless Push E-Mail E-mail platform vendor Visto said Monday that it has released software that enables wireless operators to provide real-time e-mail service similar to that provided by Good Technology and Research In Motion #39;s BlackBerry platform.
Search Startups Target Clustering As the major players in Web search duke it out, a growing number of startups are embracing a different way of retrieving and sorting search results.
Felix Trinidad Sets Boxing Back On Course Boxing fans have been scrambling for answers, searching for scenarios, and Saturday night the answers were found, where all sports questions are resolved, Madison Square Garden.
Real run out of gas against Deportivo Real Madrid paid the price for their midweek Champions League exertions as they slipped to a 1-0 defeat at home to Deportivo Coruna in the Primera Liga on Sunday.
Yudhoyono declared president JAKARTA - Indonesia #39;s National Elections Commission officially declared Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono president Monday after vote-counting in the country #39;s Sept 20 presidential election runoff was finalized.
Mideast slams Israeli onslaught in Gaza AMMAN: Moderate and hardline governments around the Mideast Sunday hit out at Israel #39;s massive five-day-old incursion into Gaza, as the death toll hit 66 and Palestinians pleaded for international support.
Kumaratunga calls LTTE for talks amid boycott by opposition : World News  gt; Colombo, Oct 4 : Sri Lankan President Chandrika Kumaratunga today invited Tamil Tigers to return to the negotiating table to discuss the setting up of a federal state even as the main opposition parties boycotted her latest peace initiative 
SEC May Sue AIG Over Press Releases  NEW YORK (Reuters) - American International Group Inc.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=AIG.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;AIG.N&lt;/A&gt;, which faces a possible lawsuit by U.S. securities  regulators over helping a major banking client hide bad loans,  said on Monday regulators may also sue it for what they called  "false and misleading" statements made to investors.
After the Bell-National Instruments Falls  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Shares of National Instruments Corp.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=NATI.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;NATI.O&lt;/A&gt; fell over seven percent after the close of regular  trade on Monday after it cut its third-quarter earnings per  share and revenue outlook.
The Dollar Rallies Broadly  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The dollar rallied broadly on Monday  after a statement by the Group of Seven richest nations late  Friday brought no surprises, allowing some optimism about U.S.  economic prospects to bolster the currency.
China: Efforts to Cool Economy Working The head of China #39;s central bank said on Sunday Beijing #39;s efforts to curb excessive credit growth were bearing fruit, increasing chances the country #39;s booming economy would achieve a  quot;soft landing.
Intel looks to mediation to speed discrimination suits Intel has become the first Silicon Valley company to form a mediation partnership with the US Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, an arrangement designed to speed the resolution of discrimination disputes.
Crabtree  amp; Evelyn Connects To Amazon Using Web Services Crabtree  amp; Evelyn, a leading retailer of beauty products, recently joined Amazon.com #39;s new Beauty Products category of online retail channels.
Manchester United: The richest and possibly most famous football &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Manchester United, which said on Monday it had received a takeover approach, stands as the richest and one of the most famous football club #39;s in the world, 126 years after being formed by railway workers.
Owen #39;s injury minor - Eriksson England boss Sven-Goran Eriksson is confident Michael Owen will prove his fitness for England #39;s crucial World Cup qualifier against Wales on Saturday.
Memories and memorabilia all that #39;s left as Expos set to leave &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; MONTREAL (CP) - The Expos may be history, but their demise has heated up the market for team memorabilia. Vintage 1970s and 1980s shirts are already sold out, but everything from caps, beer glasses and key-chains to dolls of mascot Youppi!
Philippoussis flops yet again Last year #39;s Wimbledon finalist Mark Philippoussis hit 11 aces against Tomas Zib of the Czech Republic but crashed out in the first round of the Japan Open tennis tournament in Tokyo overnight.
Poland should withdraw troops from Iraq by end of next year &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Poland should withdraw its troops from Iraq by the end of next year, Polish leaders said Monday, the first time the key US ally has indicated 
Zhukov: Kyoto Vote in October The State Duma is expected to vote this month on ratifying the Kyoto Protocol, the deputy prime minister said Monday. Approval would bring the international treaty on climate change into effect after years of delay.
Women hostages freed in Iraq TWO Indonesian women taken hostage by an Islamic militant group in Iraq were released unharmed and handed over to the United Arab Emirates (UAE) embassy today.
63 Killed Since Saturday in India Strife GAUHATI, India Oct. 4, 2004 - Sleeping villagers heard men outside their huts, calling them to come out. They stumbled into the early morning darkness Monday and the intruders began firing automatic weapons, killing six people and wounding seven.
An American to buy Manchester United? A bunch of people want to own the UK #39;s most famous soccer team. One of them also owns an NFL team. By Fiona Maharg-Bravo, Breaking Views.
Celtics tradition attracts Rivers Boston coach Doc Rivers was golfing with Bob Cousy and KC Jones when the two Celtics Hall of Famers started talking about Bill Russell.
Office Depot dumps chairman Office Depot Chairman and Chief Executive Bruce Nelson was ousted Monday from the world #39;s No. 2 office supplies retailer because of poor earnings and  quot;a lack of execution, quot; the Delray Beach-based company said.
SpaceShipOne Wins Ten-Million-Dollar X Prize Brian Binnie, a veteran US Navy aviator and one of four pilots trained to fly SpaceShipOne, piloted the spacecraft.  quot;Flying this vehicle is literally a rush, quot; he said after the historic flight.
Palm Tungsten T5 Features 256 MB of Memory PalmOne #39;s new Tungsten T5 ships with 256 MB of flash memory, which is retained even if the device loses its battery charge. PalmOne says the new PDA, which sells for a suggested list price of 
Melvin Fired Bob Melvin #39;s two-year reign as manager of the Seattle Mariners came to an end Monday morning, as the Mariners announced his dismissal at a press conference at Safeco Field.
Philippoussis crashes again in Japan Mark Philippoussis has suffered his 13th first round loss of the year at the Japan Open in Tokyo. Inside the top 10 in the world rankings at the start of the year after an impressive 2003 season that included 
Opposition boycotts Sri Lanka #39;s latest bid for peace COLOMBO - Sri Lanka #39;s parliamentary opposition boycotted Monday President Chandrika Kumaratunga #39;s latest initiative on the island #39;s faltering peace process, dimming prospects for national consensus.
U.S. Researchers Win 2004 Nobel Prize (AP) AP - Two Americans won the Nobel Prize in medicine Monday for discovering how people can recognize an estimated 10,000 odors, from spoiled meat to a lover's perfume.
Chechnya to Swear in New President (AP) AP - Chechnya's new president was to be sworn in on Tuesday, nearly five months after its previous leader was assassinated and a day after it was announced the republic would hold parliamentary elections in the spring.
Iran's President Khatami begins Sudan visit (AFP) AFP - Iranian President Mohammad Khatami arrived in Khartoum to start a three-day visit to Africa's biggest country whose government has come under pressure to act over what the United Nations terms a humanitarian crisis in the western region of Darfur.
Few Tough Questions at 'Town Hall' Events (AP) AP - President Bush and Sen. John Kerry talk often about the needs and ambitions of ordinary people, but neither encounters many along a campaign trail defined by the exquisitely stage-managed photo op and fortified by Secret Service agents.
Court Weighs Legal Rights of Mich. Poor (AP) AP - With backing from a fifth of all states, Michigan asked the Supreme Court on Monday whether a state can refuse to pay for appeals by indigent defendants who plead guilty to crimes.
Defying Army Offensive, Hamas Rockets Hit Israel  GAZA (Reuters) - Defiant Palestinian militants fired  rockets into an Israeli border town on Monday despite Israel's  vow to stop such attacks from the Gaza Strip with a massive  military offensive that has killed 64 Palestinians.
Sudan Says No Darfur Self-Rule, Questions Rebel Talks  KHARTOUM (Reuters) - Sudan on Monday ruled out any notion  of self-rule for Darfur and said rebels in the western region  would not secure the same concessions agreed with southern  rebels after two decades of war.
Next wave of Al Qaeda leadership As the group's Arab core is captured or killed, a new generation of Pakistanis fills the void.
Echoes of Russia's Communist past? Experts charge that the Kremlin-backed United Russia party is transforming into a monolithic state force.
UN seeks access to Italy migrants The UN demands access to hundreds of illegal migrants on Lampedusa as Italy continues to expel them by air.
US volcano belches more steam America's Mount St Helens belches more vapour, raising fears it might blow at any moment.
Canada's Rain Forest Wolves a Link to Past As they have for millennia, wolves reign supreme in the temperate rain forest that drapes the inland fjords and islands of northwest British Columbia.
Hurricane-Hit Florida Beckons Travelers With Deals Despite a record hurricane season, many Florida hot spots are relatively unscathed. And tourist bureaus, hotels, and others are pulling out all the stops to lure travelers back.
Steep rise in Haiti storm deaths Haiti's death toll from last month's floods caused by tropical storm Jeanne rises to nearly 2,000, officials say.
Rocket Wins \$10M Prize for Trip to Space MOJAVE, Calif. - A stout, star-spangled rocket plane broke through the Earth's atmosphere to the edge of space Monday for the second time in five days, capturing a \$10 million prize aimed at opening the final frontier to tourists...
Car Bombs Kill 24, Wound Over 100 in Iraq BAGHDAD, Iraq - Insurgents unleashed a pair of powerful car bombs Monday near the symbol of U.S. authority in Iraq - the Green Zone, where the U.S...
U.S. Researchers Share 2004 Nobel Prize for Medicine By MATT MOORE     STOCKHOLM, Sweden (AP) -- American researchers Dr. Richard Axel and Linda B...
Briefly: Korean software maker joins Asian Linux group roundup Plus: Macromedia announces training tool...Yahoo launches local-search engine...Sybase links back office to mobile devices...Legal expert joins open-source screening firm.
Korean software maker joins Asian Linux group South Korea's Haansoft is joining the effort to put Linux on computers in Asia.
Microsoft hears jingle of cash register software With a specialized version of Windows XP Embedded, the software maker wants to get its fingers in the till.\
Siebel looks to custom-built apps to boost bottom line OCTOBER 04, 2004 (COMPUTERWORLD) - LOS ANGELES -- Customer relationship management software maker Siebel Systems Inc. is moving to reinvent itself in a bid to revive its flagging fortunes and drive new growth.
SunGard will spin off disaster recovery unit OCTOBER 04, 2004 (IDG NEWS SERVICE) - Software and services vendor SunGard Data Systems Inc. today announced plans to split into two companies early next year, spinning off a disaster recovery services unit 
Ballmer Says Microsoft Will Crush Apple Speaking in London on Sunday, Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer said that Microsoft, not Apple, will dominate the future of digital technology in the home.
Amazon expands Web services efforts Online retailer Amazon.com broadened its Web services efforts on Monday by releasing additional guidelines and data designed for use by people and companies building links to its site.
Restoring file-sharing #39;s good name Not too many companies that were around during the dawn of the personal computer revolution are still in business. Intel, Apple Computer, Microsoft, IBM - after them, names come to mind a little more slowly.
Trinidad is back! 04.10.04 - By Ben Cohen: Felix Trinidad is back. After pulverising Ricardo Mayorga in eight of the most dramatic rounds in recent boxing history, he is now looking to revenge the sole blemish on his spectacular 
Rams Use Rejuvenated Running Game in Win (AP) AP - For at least one game, the pass-happy St. Louis Rams relied on the running game. A week after coming under heavy criticism for a game plan that featured 49 passes and just 15 runs in a 28-25 overtime loss at home against New Orleans, coach Mike Martz used the run early and often in a 24-14 win Sunday night at San Francisco, evening the Rams' record at 2-2.
Healthy Iverson Vows Changes This Season (AP) AP - Allen Iverson declared Monday that he is 100 percent and promised to be a better leader and teammate.
Els Gets Another Shot at Becoming No. 1 (AP) AP - Ernie Els is familiar with his position in the world ranking, but not the scenery. He no longer is looking up at Tiger Woods.
Supreme Court upholds do-not-call registry The U.S. Supreme Court rejected an appeal by commercial telemarketers opposed to the popular program, in which consumers can put their names on a list if they do not want to be called.
Survey: Transportation, logistics firms' privacy policies flawed More than one-third of the largest transportation and logistic firms shared customers' personal data without their permission, according to a survey by The Customer Respect Group Inc. And one-fifth of the companies didn't even have privacy policies in place.
Siebel looks to custom-built apps to boost bottom line In a bid to revive its flagging fortunes, Siebel Systems plans to create customized software packages designed to reach the 75 of the CRM market now unavailable to it.
Gibbs Needs Time As they've been for much of the past decade, the Redskins are a bad team, and it's going to take Joe Gibbs a while to reverse years of incompetence.
SunGard will spin off disaster recovery unit SunGard Data Systems Inc. plans to split into two companies: one focused on software and processing services and the other on business continuity, availability and disaster recovery services.
Gates undaunted by Linux Speaking to technologists during an appearance at the Computer History Museum, Microsoft Chairman and Chief Software Architect Bill Gates touched on a number of topics, including Linux, Web services, grid computing and digital rights management.
Microsoft eyes smaller code base for Longhorn Developing versions of the Windows operating system with only a subset of the code base would mark a major technical shift for Microsoft and could help it to better address the threat posed by Linux.
Update: Kodak wins patent lawsuit against Sun A federal jury in New York has ruled that Sun violated several patents held by Kodak when it developed its Java technology, a Kodak spokeswoman said today.
H-1B visa cap for FY '05 already reached The cap on H-1B visas granted to foreign workers, set at 65,000 for the fiscal year that began Friday, has already been reached, according to U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services.
Future Windows component could spur old-school viruses BOSTON - A planned component for Microsoft Corp.'s next version of Windows is causing consternation among antivirus experts, who say that the new module, a scripting platform called Microsoft Shell, could give birth to a whole new generation of viruses and remotely exploitable attacks.
Vendors look to tame DRM standards with Coral LONDON - Six large technology and music companies announced Monday they have banded together in an attempt to bring some interoperability to the DRM (digital rights management) systems protecting digital content such as music and movies within the next nine months.
PalmOne Introduces a Memory-Packed Organizer Handheld computer maker PalmOne Inc. unveiled Monday a new memory-packed personal digital assistant that can double as a portable data storage drive. PalmOne's new Tungsten T5 handheld has 256 megabytes of built-in flash memory.
U.S. Treasury Debt Narrowly Mixed  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. Treasury debt was narrowly mixed  on Monday as investors proved reluctant to make any major bets  ahead of key events this week including a speech from Fed  Chairman Alan Greenspan and the crucial September jobs report.
Google is Growing  An Update on Google Google is Growing  An Update on Google\\There is a lot going on at the Googleplex these days. For three different reasons, each of which is important to search marketing, Google has been in the SEO spotlight this week. For the technology wonks, Google engineers are said to be developing ...
MSN Messenger 7 Beta: Sneak Review MSN Messenger 7 Beta: Sneak Review\\Just the other day I got hold of the beta version of this much hyped up upgrade to the very popular instant messaging client MSN Messenger 7.  I downloaded it onto a test machine and found that its download size of the beta is ...
Columnists: Strike One! A New York judge did the right thing last week when he threw out a USA-PATRIOT Act provision that forced ISPs to secretly cooperate with the FBI, and gave them no obvious avenue for appeal.\
In IMF talks, US shifts toward debt-forgiveness pact WASHINGTON With public pledges and in private conversations, Britain managed over the weekend to move the United States closer to full forgiveness of the debts of the poorest countries during the annual meetings of the World Bank and the International 
Golisano Steps Down As Paychex CEO (Rochester, NY) 10/04/04 -- Tom Golisano, the Rochester man who turned Paychex into the nation #39;s largest payroll services provider, is stepping down as CEO from the company he founded.
With the dawn of space tourism, the jet jockey returns After a ride of some 50 miles straight up, SpaceShipOne paused poetically in the weightless black above the Mojave Desert.
Palace grab first win of season against 10-man Fulham Crystal Palace notched their first Premier League win of the season with a 2-0 victory on Monday over London rivals Fulham, who played for all but the first six minutes with 10 men.
US Supreme Court upholds anti-competition rulings against Visa &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; NEW YORK : The US Supreme Court upheld a ruling that the Visa and MasterCard credit card groups had engaged in anti-competitive practices by banning member banks from issuing credit cards through rival providers owned by American Express and Morgan Stanley 
Gates: Microsoft to Tackle the Spyware Problem MOUNTAIN VIEW, Calif.Microsoft chairman Bill Gates says he #39;s never had a computer virus, but that adware and malware have him ticked off enough that Microsoft plans to do something about them.
China #39;s central bank has no timetable for more flexible exchange &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; WASHINGTON : China, invited to the table of the world #39;s top financial powers for the first time, did not appear to buckle to pressure to speed up moves to adjust or end a currency peg that many say distorts global trade flows.
Update 2: Charles Schwab Cuts Online Commissions Slumping stock broker Charles Schwab Corp. is cutting its online prices for all customers, hoping to lure back bargain-minded investors alienated by the higher fees the company has imposed in recent years.
IBM Adds Fingerprint Scanning to ThinkPad Laptops The fingerprint scanner on the new IBM ThinkPads is a discreet swipe sensor built into the palm rest. It lets users log in to Windows using their fingerprint or replace the ThinkPad #39;s existing 
Amazon Web Services Adds Alexa Data Online superstore Amazon.com (Quote, Chart) has expanded its Web Services platform for developers, adding a new service for access to the Alexa database and increased access to the Amazon E-Commerce Service 4.0.
More troubles for Diebold Diebold, the much-criticized electronic voting machine company, got another black eye last week. A California district court ruled that it had violated federal law when it falsely charged two college students 
Will Fiorina Be Merger Casualty? Hewlett-Packard CEO #39;s job could be on chopping block along with 15,000 others if Compaq deal goes through. Watch  #39;Tech Live #39; Wednesday 3/20 at 9 pm Eastern for details.
Cheap Talk Five years ago, running a telephone company was an immensely profitable proposition. Since then, those profits have inexorably declined, and now that decline has taken another gut-wrenching dip.
Soccer: US overture puts Manchester United in play LONDON What excites us more, the dazzling skills that young players perform on the pitch, or the seemingly bottomless fortunes of the rich entrepreneurs apparently willing to speculate on the clubs?
Packers peddle McKenzie to Saints CBC SPORTS ONLINE - The Green Bay Packers finally managed to unload disgruntled cornerback Mike McKenzie - on the New Orleans Saints.
Major League Baseball Sets Attendance Record Helped by spectacular individual performances from Barry Bonds and Ichiro Suzuki and some pulsating division battles, Major League Baseball underlined its position as the great American pastime setting a single season attendance record 
Clippers excercise option on Wilcox LOS ANGELES (Ticker) - As expected, the Los Angeles Clippers on Monday exercised the 2005-06 contract option on forward Chris Wilcox.
A debate that avoided answering the vital questions on Iraq At least it was a wartime debate last Thursday night between President George W. Bush and John Kerry. But it didn #39;t provide much clarity about what either candidate would do as a wartime 
Car bombskill 26 in Baghdad and Mosul BAGHDAD Three powerful car bombs exploded in Baghdad and northern Iraq on Monday morning, killing at least 26 people and wounding more than 100 in a day of carnage that demonstrated the relative ease with which insurgents are striking in the hearts of 
Polish defense minister says Polish troops should leave Iraq at &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; WARSAW, Poland Poland #39;s defense minister says his country should pull its troops out of Iraq at the end of 2005. It #39;s the first official indication of when the country may leave Iraq.
India death toll rises to 63 Police in India are blaming separatist rebels for a series of bombings in the country #39;s volatile northeast that killed more than 60 people.
Boeing Probe Could Spur Rival Lawsuits  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A confession by the former No. 2 Air  Force arms buyer that she steered contracts to her future  employer, Boeing Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=BA.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;BA.N&lt;/A&gt;, could spur legal challenges to old  contract awards, legal experts said on Monday.
Court Rejects Visa, MasterCard Appeals  NEW YORK/WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Supreme Court on  Monday rejected appeals by Visa and MasterCard of a ruling that  the two credit card associations violated antitrust law by  barring banks from issuing credit cards for rival networks.
Frequent Starbursts Sterilize Center of Milky Way Life near the center of our galaxy never had a chance. Every 20 million years on average, gas pours into the galactic center and slams together, creating millions of new stars. The more massive stars soon go supernova, exploding violently and blasting the surrounding space.
Supreme Court upholds ruling against Visa The US Supreme Court, as expected, let stand a ruling against Visa and MasterCard for anti-competitive practices on Monday, handing a victory to their arch-rival American Express.
Windmill project to push Quebec past Alberta in wind energy &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; QUEBEC (CP) - A massive windmill power project unveiled by Quebec on Monday will more than double Canada #39;s output of wind energy and vault the province past Alberta as the country #39;s main producer, says an industry group.
Clippers exercise option on Wilcox Los Angeles, CA (Sports Network) - The Los Angeles Clippers Monday exercised the contract option for the 2005-06 season on forward Chris Wilcox.
Poland unexpectedly says troops may quit Iraq in 2005 BERLIN President Aleksander Kwasniewski of Poland moved quickly on Monday to end an escalating row inside his country #39;s fragile leftist government coalition, saying he hoped that 2,500 troops serving in Iraq would be withdrawn next year.
WHO urges more bird flu vaccine in wake of death TORONTO - In the wake of yet another avian influenza death in Thailand, the World Health Organization urged countries with flu vaccine production capacity and their manufacturers to speed up work on trial vaccines against the highly deadly H5N1 virus.
Helmet PC aims to score with football fans Start-up TouchDown Industries thinks a slew of rabid football fans will help its novelty PC succeed where others have failed.
IBM to expand on-demand data centers IBM plans to expand the number of on-demand data centers it has from one to 11 by the end of the year. Users at the AFCOM data center conference in Atlanta had mixed views on the prospect of adopting an outsourcing model or pay-as-you-go pricing.
US High Court Ruling A Win For Consumers NEW YORK - The US Supreme Court struck a blow for the free market and consumer choice. The Justices today denied an appeal by Visa and MasterCard that prevented most US financial institutions from doing business with competing networks such as Discover.
PeopleSoft sees quarterly revenue above estimates NEW YORK: PeopleSoft Inc, fresh from firing its chief executive amid a hostile takeover bid from Oracle Corp, said yesterday that quarterly revenue would exceed Wall Street #39;s expectations helped by an increase in customers making larger orders for its 
US gasoline pump price highest since mid-June The. nationwide average price for gasoline rose closer to \$2 a gallon the last week and diesel fuel hit a new high for a second week, the government said Monday.
US Supreme Court Refuses To Hear Appeal Of Do Not Call Registry &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The US Supreme Court has refused to hear an appeal of a lower court decision upholding the Federal Trade Commission #39;s imposition of a national do not call registry.
Private spaceship wins \$10m for breaking the final frontier?twice A stubby rocket plane touched down safely in the Mojave desert yesterday to claim a dual prize: the first private, crewed spacecraft to fly two successful missions within 
It #39;s Too Soon for Kodak to Smile and Say  #39;Cheese #39; Opinion: Despite Kodak #39;s initial victory in its Java patent dispute with Sun, the company will be hard-pressed to prove it deserves a \$1 billion settlement.
Ballmer: iPods packed with stolen tunes LONDON--Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer, speaking to a gathering of reporters here, didn #39;t pass up the opportunity to take several digs at archrival Apple Computer.
No space in space station So a few weeks ago, the two astronauts who live there tossed out some useless junk, like so many old hubcaps for the trash heap. Only this stuff floated away in space.
NetContinuum Bolsters Web-Services Security Attacks against Web-services applications are expected to increase, analysts warn, and network security managers may not be prepared.
Sun Releases 2nd NetBeans 4.0 Beta Developers of the NetBeans released the second beta iteration version 4.0 software last week, squashing more than 900 bugs found in the first beta release.
Judging Your Chances Against Cyber Threats In a new survey by the National Cyber Security Alliance (NCSA), about 30 of all respondents, and 40 of those under 25 years-old, underestimate their chances of facing a cyber threat.
United shares soar on takeover speculation Industry sources say US sports tycoon Malcolm Glazer is poised to make a 650 million pounds (\$A1.6 billion) bid for control of English superclub Manchester United.
Eriksson #39;s Owen dilemma LONDON - Even before Michael Owen suffered a leg muscle injury that could jeopardise his England starting spot on Saturday, the seeds of doubt had already been sown.
Palace off the mark and off the bottom Crystal Palace beat 10-man London rivals Fulham 2-0 to register their first win of the season on Monday and finally move off the bottom of the English Premiership.
CLUTCH IN THE CLUTCH Colts.com. Such was the formula for the Colts throughout the first month of the season, and such was the formula Sunday afternoon.
He hurt me: Carolina Panthers kickoff returner Rod Smart, aka  quot;He Hate Me, quot; sprained his left knee Sunday on a kickoff return in the second quarter against the Atlanta Falcons.
Bambang declared clear winner JAKARTA - Former general Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono yesterday said he would form the next government and formulate a 100-day programme after being declared the runaway winner of last month #39;s presidential election in Indonesia.
Howard may sweep to victory on wave of apathy It should have been a relaxing stroll in the sunshine for John Howard, a chance to press the flesh of friendly voters in Bennelong, his Sydney seat.
ShapeShipOne Wins \$10 Million X-Prize The privately-funded craft SpaceShipOne has completed a flight into space after an airborne launch above the California desert. The flight will bring the spaceship crew the \$10 million X Prize.
Rumsfeld predicts major Iraq ops Large-scale assaults like that in Samarra  could be the way forward in Iraq, the US defence secretary says.
Families attacked in northeast India; 6 die Suspected separatist rebels attacked sleeping villagers in northeastern India today, killing six in a third day of explosions and gun attacks that have left at least 63 people dead in northeast India.
Political Clashes Leave 14 Dead in Haiti Description: Days of political unrest in Haiti #39;s capital leave at least 14 people dead. In Port-au-Prince, at least 10 civilians and four police officers have been killed since Thursday, in confrontations 
Small School's Script Tries to Transform Studies As educators look for ways to move to smaller high schools, Manhattan Theater Lab is starting out with just over 100 freshmen.
US Supreme Court Backs Do Not Call Registry In upholding a lower court #39;s ruling, the Supreme Court rejected arguments that the Do Not Call list violates telemarketers #39; First Amendment rights.
Update 4: Office Depot Forces Out Chairman, CEO Office Depot Inc. chairman and CEO Bruce Nelson has resigned after four years in the job at the nation #39;s second largest office supply retailer, which has been struggling with lower sales and tough competition from Staples Inc.
SunGard to spin off its disaster business SunGard, which provides software and services to top financial companies, said Monday that it would spin off its disaster data recovery business into a separate publicly traded company through a tax-free distribution of shares.
England to go full-strength against Wales LONDON: Rio Ferdinand, Wayne Rooney and Sol Campbell returned to the England fold as coach Sven-Goran Eriksson named his squad on Sunday for World Cup qualifiers against Wales and Azerbaijan.
Eagles soar past 10-man Fulham Crystal Palace won its first game of the Premier League season, accounting for Fulham 2-0 at Selhurst Park, to move off the bottom of the table.
Israelis record tennis upsets Anna Smashnova-Pistolesi and Harel Levy each recorded upset wins and the star of the next generation of Israeli tennis stars, Shahar Pe er, qualified for her second WTA Tour event in as many weeks on an action-packed Monday.
Gas Pump Price Highest Since Mid-June The US nationwide price for gasoline rose closer to \$2 a gallon over the last week and diesel fuel hit a new record high for the second week in a row, the government said on Monday.
Dollar gains after G7 meeting offers no surprises LONDON : The dollar rose slightly against the euro and yen after the weekend #39;s meeting of Group of Seven finance ministers produced no surprises, analysts said.
Fed #39;s Santomero Expects Steady Growth  quot;I expect steady growth in consumer spending and the continued growth in business investment, quot; says Federal Reserve Bank of Philadelphia president Anthony Santomero.
-Posted by david.berlind  2:39 pm (PDT) What a strange weekend it has been for the most prolific CxO-cum-blogger in the high tech industry - Sun COO and presidentJonathan Schwartz.
Penalties, turnovers cost Panthers When the Carolina Panthers #39; coaches look at the final stats from Sunday #39;s game against the Atlanta Falcons, they will probably circle two things -- penalties and turnovers.
Wilkinson lands  #39;dream #39; role Andy Robinson yesterday installed Jonny Wilkinson as his captain for next month #39;s internationals at Twickenham and appeared to cement his own position at the same time.
Siebel releases flood of BI applications (InfoWorld) InfoWorld - Capitalizing on the current trend within the enterprise to reduce the number of applications to support, Siebel Systems on Monday unveiled a package of business analytics solutions that can be deployed by IT as both extensions to current CRM applications or as stand-alone programs.
Stocks Gain on Siebel, Oil Below \$50  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks rose on Monday as software  company Siebel Systems Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=SEBL.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;SEBL.O&lt;/A&gt; boosted technology shares  with a better-than-expected sales outlook and Friday's  start-of-quarter buying spree ran into the new week.
Xamlon looks to beat Microsoft to the punch Start-up Xamlon releases user interface tools that give early access to Microsoft's forthcoming graphics in Windows.
A second act for Siebel Systems? Siebel chief Mike Lawrie pledges better customer service, spotlights focus on a la carte software.
VIEW: The price of free trade Mustafizur Rahman Bangladeshs trouser exports suffered significantly while Chinas more than doubled after its 2001 accession to the WTO. Bangladesh imports about 80 percent of its main raw material - fabrics.
More surgery for Vikings #39; Bennett CBC SPORTS ONLINE - Minnesota Vikings running back Michael Bennett is likely sidelined two more games after undergoing arthroscopic knee surgery Monday.
Siebel releases flood of BI applications Capitalizing on the current trend within the enterprise to reduce the number of applications to support, Siebel Systems on Monday unveiled a package of business analytics solutions that can be deployed by IT as both extensions to current CRM applications or as stand-alone programs.
Tech 2004: Where the Candidates Stand We uncover the candidates' views on Internet taxes, privacy, and other tech hot buttons.
Future Tech: The Internet Reloaded In a few years, every new electronics device will likely have a network address.
Debt Ceiling Could Be Hit This Month The government should hit the national debt #39;s \$7.4 trillion ceiling this month, and the Bush administration told Congress again Monday it should raise the limit.
Charterhouse wins battle for Saga Charterhouse has beaten off competition from another private equity player to buy Saga, the company that provides services to the over-50s, for 1.
Latest Tungsten T5 Adds Power, Resolution PalmOne (Quote, Chart), maker of the lower-priced Zire handheld and the Treo smartphone, unveiled the Tungsten T5 handheld Monday, which adds heaps of memory and an Intel 416MHz XScale processor.
New Intel Tools Run on Rival Chips Intel (Quote, Chart) released a new suite of developers #39; tools it hopes will increase the amount of people using its 64-bit technology.
Bucs lose KR Murphy for season Tampa, FL (Sports Network) - Tampa Bay Buccaneers wide receiver/kick returner Frank Murphy will miss the remainder of the season after rupturing his left Achilles #39; tendon in Sunday #39;s 16-13 loss to the Denver Broncos.
Scare due to vibrating sex toy shuts down airport for an hour A scare triggered by a vibrating sex toy shut down a major Australian regional airport for almost an hour Monday, police said. The vibrating object was discovered Monday morning 
Rebel group wants Darfur region under international protection (AFP) AFP - A main rebel group in Darfur has called for the war-torn region of west Sudan to be placed under international protection, in a letter to British Prime Minister Tony Blair, a copy of which was faxed to AFP.
Choose comprehensive peace or comprehensive war: Eritrea rebels (AFP) AFP - Southern Sudanese rebels warned that the only alternative to a comprehensive peace deal is  quot;comprehensive war quot;.
Job Training Outreach Planned for Vets (AP) AP - The Labor Department announced a new program Monday to provide job training, counseling and employment services to veterans wounded in Afghanistan and Iraq who cannot return to active duty.
Rumsfeld doubts Saddam Laden link Donald Rumsfeld queries whether there were ever ties between Saddam Hussein and Osama Bin Laden.
Cuts unnecessary to delivery baby When a baby is stuck during delivery, doctors do not have to cut the woman to safely deliver the child, research shows.
Poll Results Show Race for President Is Again a Dead Heat The latest New York Times/CBS News Poll, taken after the first debate, shows that John Kerry reassured many Americans of his ability to handle an international crisis.
Apple issues Mac OS X security update Update addresses potential denial-of-service vulnerabilities as well as a flaw in QuickTime.
Temple-Inland to Cut Jobs, Sees Charge Temple-Inland Inc., which makes packaging and building materials, said Monday it will slash 1,500 jobs and take a third-quarter charge to sell its third-party mortgage servicing portfolio and reposition its mortgage origination activities.
Yankees Ready to Face Santana's Music (AP) AP - Johan Santana's left arm has become one of baseball's most prized possessions. So when he walked up to the podium Monday to discuss starting the Minnesota Twins' playoff opener against the New York Yankees, manager Ron Gardenhire warned him not to take unnecessary risks.
SpaceShipOne rockets to 5.6m prize IN THE annals of aviation, it will undoubtedly rank alongside such momentous events as the Wright brothers first powered flight in 1903 and Charles Lindberghs transatlantic crossing in 1927.
Eriksson expects Owen recovery Sven-Goran Eriksson, England #39;s head coach, said last night that he believed Michael Owen #39;s slight hamstring strain was only a  quot;minor issue quot;, and that he did  quot;expect quot; the Real Madrid striker 
Tiger Woods snorkels off Barbados coast as wedding rumours persist Tiger Woods spent Monday snorkelling off the coast of Barbados, as police and private security agents patrolled the public beach of a posh resort where islanders kept talking of an imminent wedding to Swedish model Elin 
Clijsters #39; latest injury could be serious Former world No. 1 Kim Clijsters apparently has ended her tennis season with a wrist injury. Clijsters, who will undergo tests this week, pulled out of her semifinal match in 
Pearce sent off early as Palace claim first win CRYSTAL Palace moved off the foot of the Premiership table last night with their first victory of the season, Andy Johnson and Aki Riihilahti scoring second-half goals to defeat Fulham 2-0 at Selhurst Park.
Southampton coach given time to get UEFA licence Steve Wigley is being allowed to stay as Southampton #39;s coach, although he lacks a coaching certificate required by the Premier League.
Six killed in north-east India as rebel violence continues REBELS in Indias north-east gunned down six villagers yesterday, the latest attack in a surge of indiscriminate violence against civilian targets that has claimed 69 lives since Saturday.
Glitch Still Irks Gibbs At his weekly press conference Monday, Joe Gibbs was still upset about a technical glitch that left him unable to talk to his quarterback or hear from his assistant coaches in the third quarter of Sunday's loss.
Fifty-dollar oil unlikely to last Oil #39;s days at \$50 per barrel look numbered, former Saudi oil minister Sheikh Ahmed Zaki Yamani says, predicting that prices should ease unless politics or a tough winter get in the way.
Credit card giants lose court bid A ruling that Visa and Mastercard had violated anti-trust law has been upheld by the US Supreme Court. The case stemmed from a 1998 Justice Department lawsuit challenging the credit card issuers #39; regulations.
US Airways announces pay, benefit cuts for management US Airways announced plans Tuesday to cut \$45 million a year in pay and benefits to roughly 3,700 management employees, a move the airline hopes will convince its union 
Raising \$22 million the Diligent way Startup Diligent Technologies has raised \$22 million in new equity. The financing round was led by US venture capital fund Matrix partners, which made its first investment in Israel, and Accel Partners.
Government attacked for not backing Silverstone By Christopher Hope, Business Correspondent (Filed: 05/10/2004). British motor racing legend Sir Jackie Stewart yesterday attacked the Government for not allowing a 16m fund for the motorsport industry to 
This season #39;s Lakers are Kobe #39;s team to lead  quot;This is my team to lead, quot; Bryant said Monday, a day before the Lakers open training camp in San Diego.  quot;Shaq was the focal point of the team.
POLISH TROOPS TO LEAVE IRAQ NEXT YEAR In a major disappointment for Washington, Poland says that it aims to withdraw all of its 2,500 troops from Iraq next year. The US administration sees Warsaw as one of its staunchest allies in Iraq.
Space pioneer Gordon Cooper dies Leroy Gordon Cooper, one of the nation #39;s first astronauts who once set a space endurance record by traveling more than 3.3 million miles aboard Gemini 5 in 1965, died on Monday, NASA said.
Space Specimens Saved From Wrecked Capsule cientists think useful samples of all the many types of solar particles collected by the Genesis space capsule survived its crash in the Utah desert almost four weeks ago, promising researchers 
Gigabyte GA-8I915P Duo-A Not everyone is ready to do a complete switch over to the new Intel LGA 775 platform quite yet and perhaps for good reason. Should you decided you would like to say take a peek at it without having to  quot;Sell 
Wal-Mart to Increase Space by 8 Percent  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Wal-Mart Stores Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=WMT.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;WMT.N&lt;/A&gt; on  Monday said it plans to increase its store space by 8 percent  in the fiscal year beginning in February, including 240 to 250  more Supercenters and 40 to 45 new discount stores.
CEO Exit and DOJ Decision Continue PeopleSoft Uncertainty On 1 October 2004, PeopleSoft #39;s board of directors terminated Conway as president and CEO, citing a  quot;loss of confidence quot; in his ability to lead the company.
US Airways to Cut Management Pay, Benefit US Airways announced plans Tuesday to cut \$45 million a year in pay and benefits to roughly 3,700 management employees, a move the airline hopes will convince its union employees to collectively accept \$950 million in annual cost cuts.
UPDATE 3-Temple-Inland Inc. says to cut 1,500 jobs Temple-Inland Inc. (TIN.N: Quote, Profile, Research) , a maker of packaging and building materials, on Monday said it will lay off about 1,500 employees as it repositions its mortgage 
Limit expected to be reached as early as this week WASHINGTON (CBS.MW) -- With 29 days to go before the presidential election, a group of Democrats on Capitol Hill is pressing John Snow to do more to raise the federal government #39;s mandatory debt ceiling, which is poised to be reached as soon as this week.
Lockheed Martin announces \$625 million in contracts SYRACUSE, NY -- Lockheed Martin announced Monday that its Maritime Systems  amp; Sensors unit has received contracts worth \$625 million for radar development.
IBM announces notebook computer with fingerprint reader IBM #39;s Canada Division has announced a new feature in selected models of their Thinkpad T42 series of notebook computers - a fingerprint reader for enhanced security measures.
E-voting vendor is a bully A JUDGH HAS ruled that a manufacturer of electronic voting equipment knowingly misrepresented its claims when it sent threatening letters to the ISPs of students who had posted the company #39;s internal documents online.
Startup Devises New Way to Squash Worms While the large anti-virus vendors continue to spend millions of dollars and thousands of man-hours churning out updated signature files, a Utah-based startup this week plans to unveil an entirely new e-mail security solution that needs no signatures and 
Twins shrug off  #39;David vs. Goliath #39; NEW YORK -- The David and Goliath storyline is not holding up for Game 1 of this American League Division Series. True, when the Minnesota Twins play the New York Yankees it is a one-sided match from the standpoint 
Introduction of new owner expected Mark L. Attanasio is 46 years old. He was born in the Bronx, NY, lives in Los Angeles and made a fortune in investment banking. And he is about to buy a baseball team.
Car Bombs, Shootings Rock Iraq Cities Two car bombs ripped through crowded Baghdad streets on Monday, killing at least 21 people and wounding 96, as insurgents step up their campaign to undermine the country #39;s 
Turkish hope on EU talks TURKEYS prime minister said admitting his Muslim-majority country to the European Union would contribute to  quot;reconciliation between civilisations quot;.
Microsoft, Sun Want To Hold Sway Over Wall Street (Investor's Business Daily) Investor's Business Daily - That's the lesson Microsoft and Sun Microsystems are about to learn as they take on Linux -- and each other -- in dueling efforts to woo Wall Street techies.
Gordon Cooper, NASA Mercury Pioneer, Dies (AP) AP - Gordon Cooper, who as one of the original Mercury astronauts was a pioneer in human space exploration, has died. He was 77.
Arab Nations at UN Demand Israel Stop Gaza Attacks (Reuters) Reuters - Arab nations want the U.N.\Security Council to adopt a resolution demanding Israel stop a\major offensive in the Gaza Strip, but the United States raised\objections at an emergency meeting on Monday.
Support grows for Blair to keep British troops in Iraq: poll (AFP) AFP - Support for Prime Minister Tony Blair's policy of keeping British troops in Iraq until a  quot;stable democracy quot; is ensured has increased over the past three months, according to an opinion poll published.
Australian Government Leading in Polls (AP) AP - The government of Prime Minister John Howard, a conservative and a supporter of the U.S.-led war in Iraq, appeared to hold a narrow lead in polls published less than a week before Australia's presidential election.
House OKs Humanitarian Aid for N. Koreans (AP) AP - The United States could spend up to  #36;24 million a year in humanitarian aid for North Koreans, much of it for refugees who have fled the impoverished, totalitarian state, under legislation approved by the House Monday and sent to the president for his signature.
Defying Army Offensive, Hamas Rockets Hit Israel  GAZA (Reuters) - Defiant Palestinian militants fired  rockets into an Israeli border town on Monday despite Israel's  vow to stop such attacks from the Gaza Strip with a massive  military offensive that has killed 66 Palestinians.
Poll Says Bush Still Has Edge Over Kerry WASHINGTON - More voters consider President Bush a strong leader who can do a better job combatting terrorism even though they widely agree that Democratic Sen. John Kerry won the first debate focused solely on foreign policy...
It's October and It's Time for Playoffs! Curt Schilling and Pedro Martinez are revved up. Roger Clemens and Roy Oswalt are rarin' to go...
US Airways to Cut Management Pay, Benefit ARLINGTON, Va. - US Airways announced plans Tuesday to cut \$45 million a year in pay and benefits to roughly 3,700 management employees, a move the airline hopes will convince its union employees to collectively accept \$950 million in annual cost cuts...
Rumsfeld Doesn't Expect Civil War in Iraq NEW YORK - Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld said Monday he does not expect civil war in Iraq and pointed to the recent retaking of the former insurgent stronghold of Samarra as evidence of progress in stabilizing the country before elections in January.   "I don't think it's going to happen," Rumsfeld told the Council on Foreign Relations when asked about the threat of civil war...
HP to Sun: Get the facts straight Sun execs say they're telling it like it is: HP's Unix offering is on its last legs. HP says they're flat-out wrong.
PeopleSoft calls Conway less than honest New trial reveals that the former CEO's exaggerations about the Oracle takeover bid led to his firing.
Briefly: Apple issues Mac OS X security update roundup Plus: Start-up delivers movie downloads...Korean software maker joins Asian Linux group...Macromedia announces training tool...Yahoo launches local-search engine.
First Court Hearing Set in Parmalat Case Prosecutors in the Parmalat fraud case were in court Tuesday to convince a judge to order trials for 29 people, ranging from the dairy giant #39;s founder to former company financial officers and accountants.
It's October and It's Time for Playoffs! (AP) AP - Curt Schilling and Pedro Martinez are revved up. Roger Clemens and Roy Oswalt are rarin' to go. Baseball fans are ready, too. The shadows are getting longer, the leaves are starting to turn and pumpkins are showing up. And that means just one thing: It's October, and it's playoff time!
SPACESHIPONE FLIGHT GRABS X-PRIZE The world #39;s first private spaceship has blasted into the final frontier for the second time in five days, snatching the nearly 14-million dollar prize and founding a new era of space tourism.
GPS watches Mount St. Helens Even as Mount St. Helens threatens to erupt, scientists are planning a network of Global Positioning System receivers to map the volcano #39;s movement and help predict the likelihood of an eruption.
Gigabyte warns GEAR can shorten AGP card #39;s life MOTHERBOARD COMPANY Gigabyte has included an enhanced AGP riser interface for one of its Intel-based PCI Express products, but read the small print before you plug your graphics card in and start to play.
Ravens Put 'Prime Time' on Inactive List (AP) AP - Prime Time won't be playing in prime time this time. Deion Sanders was on the inactive list and missed a chance to strut his stuff on "Monday Night Football."
Rumph likely out for season for 49ers San Francisco, CA (Sports Network) - San Francisco cornerback Mike Rumph is expected to miss the rest of the season with a broken right arm.
Red Sox counting on Schilling, Pedro against Angels Five outs -- five measly outs. That #39;s how close the Boston Red Sox came to going to the World Series last year and perhaps ending an 85-year championship drought.
Election down to the wire: PM THE federal election was as  quot;close as it gets quot;, Prime Minister John Howard said today. Commenting on the latest Newspoll, Mr Howard said he believed the October 9 poll would go down to the wire.
Pitcairn Island mass trial sees first guilty pleas in child sex &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The united front presented by the seven defendants in the Pitcairn child sex abuse trial has finally started to crumble, with Dennis Christian, a descendant of the Bounty 
US welcomes Cambodian approval of Khmer Rounge trial plan WASHINGTON : The United States welcomed the approval by Cambodian lawmakers of a plan to try surviving leaders of the ruthless Khmer Rouge regime, saying it paved the way for a UN-backed tribunal.
Sudan says no Darfur self-rule, questions rebel talks Sudan on Monday ruled out any notion of self-rule for Darfur and said rebels in the western region would not secure the same concessions agreed with southern rebels after two decades of war.
AMD sees slightly lower sales for Q3 SAN FRANCISCO - Advanced Micro Devices Inc. (AMD) expects to report slightly lower-than-expected sales for its third quarter when it announces earnings results on Thursday, the company said in a release Monday.
SurfControl fights phishing scams In response to the growing threat that phishing poses to e-mail users, SurfControl plans to upgrade its e-mail filter to catch these attacks, and flag more spam and other abuses.
Out in Japan: High-Def Home Movies Sony's first consumer HD camcorder is expected to arrive in the U.S. soon.
Japan Stocks Edge Down on Profit-Taking  TOKYO (Reuters) - Tokyo's Nikkei average edged down 0.18  percent at the opening on Tuesday as its biggest one-day rise  in four months in the previous session prompted profit-taking  on recent gainers, such as banks and brokers.
CORRECTED: Siebel Sees Sales Topping Street  LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - Business software maker Siebel  Systems Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=SEBL.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;SEBL.O&lt;/A&gt; on Monday said third-quarter revenue  would beat Wall Street estimates, driven by a rebound in  licensing revenue, sending its shares up 14 percent.
UPDATE 2-Temple-Inland Inc. says to cut 1,500 jobs Temple-Inland Inc. (TIN.N: Quote, Profile, Research) , a maker of packaging and building materials, on Monday said it will lay off about 1,500 employees as it repositions its mortgage 
Crude retreats back below \$50 mark The crude market cooled off after the benchmark contract closed above \$50 a barrel for the first time ever on Friday. November crude added 48 cents to finish the session at \$50.
Oil prices threaten recovery British Chancellor Gordon Brown believes action must be taken to protect economic growth. Photo: AP. The global economic recovery is at risk unless governments tackle growing trade imbalances 
a super-secure ThinkPad especially to the electronics industry. This is the time of year when companies begin releasing their shiniest/newest/greatest products to compete for your holiday shopping dollar.
Man Utd hopefuls face a rising challenge A successful bidder for Manchester United could have to pay more than 300p a share, City sources suggested yesterday. The stock rose 13.
Woods can #39;t quell marriage rumour WHETHER hes playing golf or not, Tiger Woods is always big news, so its no surprise to hear that the former world No1 is the talk of the Caribbean at the moment.
Wal-Mart to Increase Space by 8 Percent Wal-Mart Stores Inc. (WMT.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Monday said it plans to increase its store space by 8 percent in the fiscal year beginning in February, including 240 to 
UPDATE 1-US Treasury near debt ceiling limit The US Treasury Department will hit its legally authorized ceiling for borrowing early this month and will urge Congress to raise it, a Treasury spokesman said on Monday.
PalmOne #39;s new Tungsten T5 PDA Nearly doubling the industry #39;s current handheld storage maximum, palmOne today introduced the Tungsten(TM) T5 handheld with 256MB of flash memory.
Kodak wins Java lawsuit against Sun Kodak, one of the largest digital imaging companies, filed a lawsuit against Sun Microsystems stating that Sun has infringed on Kodak #39;s various patents, however, the case centered around three main ones.
ABS Awesome 6500 The Awesome 6500 is the first PC we #39;ve seen from ABS to be built around Intel #39;s new 925X Express chip set, which lets the 6500 use the PCI Express bus and the latest 533-MHz DDR2 dual-channel memory.
Deion not ready for prime time Baltimore, MD (Sports Network) - The Baltimore Ravens will again be without cornerback Deion Sanders for the team #39;s nationally-televised Monday night battle against the Kansas City Chiefs.
Redskins blue after loss to Browns Maybe it is time for the Redskins to hit the panic button. After all they just suffered their third straight loss and it came to the Cleveland Browns, a team that was supposed to battle for the No.
AMD Warns of Lower Sales (Reuters) Reuters - Semiconductor maker Advanced\Micro Devices Inc.  warned on Monday that its quarterly\revenue will be lower than forecast, citing softness in sales\of its memory chips used in cell phones and other devices. The\company's shares fell after the warning.
Sudan resolves Darfur issue with logic and positive action &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Sudanese President Omar El Bashir said here Monday that his government is resolving Darfur issue with logic and positive action. In an address to the Sudanese National Council 
CORRECTED: Siebel Sees Sales Topping Street (Reuters) Reuters - Business software maker Siebel\Systems Inc.  on Monday said third-quarter revenue\would beat Wall Street estimates, driven by a rebound in\licensing revenue, sending its shares up 14 percent.
Rocket Wins  #36;10M Prize for Trip to Space (AP) AP - A stout, star-spangled rocket plane broke through the Earth's atmosphere to the edge of space Monday for the second time in five days, capturing a  #36;10 million prize aimed at opening the final frontier to tourists.
Mount St. Helens Spews More Steam (AP) AP - Mount St. Helens blew off more steam Monday, shooting a billowing white plume several hundred feet above the volcano and thrilling hundreds of visitors who had gathered below the rumbling mountain.
Ex-PeopleSoft chief #39;s lie contributed to his downfall Former PeopleSoft chief executive Craig Conway has admitted that he lied to Wall Street analysts about the health of the business during his defence against the hostile bid from rival Oracle.
UPDATE 3-Siebel sees sales beating estimates, shares jump Business software maker Siebel Systems Inc. (SEBL.O: Quote, Profile, Research) on Monday said third-quarter revenue would beat Wall Street estimates, driven by a rebound in licensing 
Wasserstein fights for Lazard float A Lazard board meeting today could set in motion a \$3.2bn (1.8bn) stock market flotation of the 156-year-old investment bank. Bruce Wasserstein, the bank #39;s chief executive, has been working to win support 
eBay boss named most powerful businesswoman in US Meg Whitman of eBay has been named the most powerful woman in corporate America by Fortune magazine, toppling Carly Fiorina of Hewlett-Packard who had been at the top of the list since it began in 1998.
Wal-Mart Plans to Open as Many as 295 US Stores Next Year Wal-Mart Stores Inc., the world #39;s largest retailer, plans to open as many as 295 stores in the US in 2005. The retailer will open 40 to 45 discount stores and 240 to 250 supercenters, which 
Manned space flight No 2 clinches 5m prize The American private rocket SpaceShipOne completed another successful space flight to clinch a 5.6 million prize for the first commercial, manned craft to reach sub-orbital space twice in two weeks.
IBM announces ThinkPad with fingerprint reader IBM has unveiled its first ThinkPad notebook computer that comes equipped with a built-in fingerprint reader. Select models of the ThinkPad T42 are equipped with the integrated fingerprint reader.
Mercury Astronaut Gordon Cooper Dies at 77 Gordon Cooper, one of the Mercury Seven astronauts who helped pioneer human space exploration, piloting the last of the Mercury missions and the troubled Gemini 5 flight, died on Monday.
Next Space Station Crew Ready for Flight Two veteran astronauts are enjoying their last week on Earth before rocketing into space for a six-month stay aboard the International Space Station (ISS).
Kick-off whistle blows as Tampa Bay #39;s leprechaun makes move for &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Manchester United #39;s directors barely disguised their gritted teeth yesterday as they issued the statement the outside world has been awaiting for months: Britain #39;s richest football club has received a possible takeover offer.
Yankees Holding Out Hope That Hernndez Can Help Orlando Hernndez played catch for eight minutes yesterday, and his right arm was still attached to its socket. That was about all the Yankees needed to see to include Hernndez on their postseason roster, at the expense of Jason Giambi.
Pippen ready to retire from NBA An anonymous source close to the Chicago Bulls claimed Monday that Pippen, who combined with Michael Jordan to win six titles in an eight-year span, will announce his retirement as early as Tuesday.
US Air to Cut Some Management Jobs  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Bankrupt US Airways Group. Inc.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=UAIRQ.OB target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;UAIRQ.OB&lt;/A&gt; said on Monday it would eliminate hundreds of  management and nonunion jobs and impose wage and other cuts to  save more than \$45 million annually as it tries to overhaul its  business and survive.
Best Buy Pushes Its Insignia Brand  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Best Buy Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=BBY.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;BBY.N&lt;/A&gt; will offer  an expanded range of its own branded products -- such as LCD  televisions -- as it pushes into the growing market for  lower-priced, private-label consumer electronics, the company  said on Monday.
HP tells Sun to get its facts straight Sun execs say they're telling it like it is: HP's Unix offering is on its last legs. HP says they're flat-out wrong.
Cray begins selling new mini-supercomputers The XD1 uses Opteron processors and the Linux operating system--and sports a starting price tag of \$50,000.
Little hotel venture now takes care of millions Not long ago, a Saga holiday seemed synonymous with a coachload of ancient aunts with Thermos flasks heading for the coast. Now the company that has made a fortune out of the  quot;grey pound quot; is 
Packers trade McKenzie to Saints Mike McKenzie got his wish today when the Green Bay Packers traded the disgruntled cornerback and a future conditional draft pick to the New Orleans Saints for quarterback JT O #39;Sullivan and a second-round pick in next year #39;s draft.
Parmalat chiefs await their fate A judge in Milan will today begin the first criminal proceedings to be triggered by the Parmalat scandal when he opens a hearing to decide on calls for the indictment of 32 individuals and institutions including the group #39;s founder and former chairman 
Temple-Inland cuts 1,500 jobs Austin-based Temple-Inland Inc. (NYSE: TIN) plans to lay off about 8 percent of the company #39;s workforce, or about 1,500 employees.
Disaster recovery unit takes aim at IBM NEW YORK (CBS.MW) - When companies spin off units, it #39;s often a way to shed underperforming assets and move on. Free! Sign up here to receive our Internet Daily e-Newsletter!
Microsoft, HP, IBM safe from Kodak software patent SAN FRANCISCO - Though a Friday patent lawsuit verdict against Sun Microsystems Inc. could potentially have a wide-ranging impact on the computer industry, the ruling appears unlikely to affect three of the world's largest IT companies, who have licensed the technology in question. Hewlett-Packard Co., IBM Corp. and Microsoft Corp. are licensees of the software patents in question, the patents' owner, Eastman Kodak Co., confirmed Monday.
Longhorn Component to Spur Old-School Viruses? Microsoft says the scripting platform, called Shell, is not final.
On Italian Isle, Migrant Debate Sharpens Focus With hundreds crossing the Mediterranean, European leaders have been sparring over a plan to stem the flow of asylum seekers.
Anheuser-Busch plans to debut souped-up beer in attempt to revive &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; In an effort to revive flattening sales and attract new drinkers, Anheuser-Busch is unveiling a new concoction - a fruity-smelling beer, spiked with caffeine, guarana and ginseng.
US forces target Sadr City Sadr City slum after car bombs earlier killed at least 26 people in two Iraqi cities. immediate word on casualties and the US military said it had no information on the fighting.
Japan Stocks Edge Down on Profit-Taking (Reuters) Reuters - Tokyo's Nikkei average edged down 0.18\percent at the opening on Tuesday as its biggest one-day rise\in four months in the previous session prompted profit-taking\on recent gainers, such as banks and brokers.
Factory Orders Drop Despite Expectations (AP) AP - Orders placed with U.S. factories fell for the first time in four months, the Commerce Department said Monday, with demand dropping sharply for commercial airplanes and parts.
Office Depot, CEO Agree to Part Ways (AP) AP - Office Depot Inc. chairman and CEO Bruce Nelson has resigned after four years in the job at the nation's second largest office supply retailer, which has been struggling with lower sales and tough competition from Staples Inc. and OfficeMax.
Tourism #39;s new frontier It was a staple of 1960s science fiction that the future would involve flying cars and holidays on the moon. While the mass-production flying car hasn #39;t yet hit the showrooms, the prospects for space tourism have taken a few steps closer.
Bird played first two games with mask SEATTLE -- Storm guard Sue Bird is expected to play after having surgery Monday on her broken nose. Bird was injured during Game 2 of Seattle #39;s first-round series against Minnesota.
Chargers hope big win wasn #39;ta fluke The San Diego Chargers would like to think that their big win Sunday was the real thing and not a mirage. The Chargers beat Tennessee 38-17, getting strong performances from LaDainian Tomlinson, Drew Brees 
Guilty plea in Pitcairn sex trial Dennis Christian, a descendant of mutineer Fletcher Christian, and Pitcairn #39;s postmaster, yesterday changed his plea to guilty, and admitted sexual assaulting two girls aged 12.
Bundesbank sees German economy growing by 1.2 - 1.3 pct in 2005 (AFP) AFP - The Bundesbank is forecasting growth of 1.2 - 1.3 percent for the German economy next year, much less than the government's official forecast of 1.7 percent.
Washington Opens Digital Archives (AP) AP - Records produced by Washington state and county governments went online Monday in what is being called the first of its kind facility for electronically preserving state documents.
China's online game industry could grow seven-fold in two years (AFP) AFP - China's online game industry could grow seven-fold to become a billion-dollar business within the next two years, state media cites industry insiders as saying.
Apple Releases Mac OS X Security Patches (Ziff Davis) Ziff Davis - The update fixes about eight vulnerabilities, including an image file problem and printing and networking holes.
Air Force Looks at New Microwave Weapon (AP) AP - The Air Force expects planes will be able to fire non-lethal microwave rays at enemy ground troops with the help of a new superconducting generator system developed at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base after about 25 years of research.
Wolverine Wanders Nearly 500 Miles (AP) AP - A wolverine wearing a global positioning system collar wandered nearly 550 miles in seven weeks, including a trip from Pocatello, Idaho, to the northern reaches of Yellowstone National Park.
Israel Kills Militant in 6th Day of Mass Gaza Raid (Reuters) Reuters - Israeli forces launched the sixth day of a\massive offensive in the Gaza Strip early on Tuesday with an\air strike that killed a Palestinian militant and wounded two\others in Jabalya refugee camp.
Car Bombs Kill 24, Wound Over 100 in Iraq (AP) AP - Insurgents unleashed a pair of powerful car bombs Monday near the symbol of U.S. authority in Iraq  #151; the Green Zone, where the U.S. Embassy and key government offices are located  #151; and hotels occupied by hundreds of foreigners. Two other explosions brought the day's bombing toll to at least 24 dead and more than 100 wounded.
B.C. offers statement of regret for internment of Doukhobor children (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - VICTORIA (CP) - The B.C. government offered a statement of regret Monday for taking Doukhobor children from their parents and interning them in the 1950s, but didn't apologize.
Bush Blasts Kerry, Signs Tax Bill in Iowa (AP) AP - President Bush said Monday that rival John Kerry's foreign policy stands "are dangerous for world peace," leveling some of his harshest criticism of the campaign during a trip to an important battleground state. Bush also signed tax relief legislation for 94 million Americans and hit Kerry on that issue, too.
Kerry Promotes Expanded Stem Cell Research (AP) AP - John Kerry on Monday accused President Bush of restricting potentially lifesaving stem cell research because of "extreme right-wing ideology" and underscored his own strong support for research that polls show has widespread backing.
Report: Colorado Senate Race Costly (AP) AP - Colorado's tight Senate race between Democratic state Attorney General Ken Salazar and Republican beer executive Peter Coors is shaping up to be the most expensive political race in state history, preliminary contribution information shows.
Court Wades Into Prison Sentence Dispute (AP) AP - The Supreme Court returned for another term Monday and wasted no time getting down to business, appearing poised to alter the system used for sentencing 64,000 federal criminal defendants a year.
U.S., Afghan Forces Attack Taliban Ahead of Vote (Reuters) Reuters - Afghan guards backed by U.S. helicopter\gunships raided a Taliban safe house, killing one man and\arresting 15, to prevent attacks during this week's\presidential election, officials said on Sunday.
Israel Kills Militant in 6th Day of Mass Gaza Raid  GAZA (Reuters) - Israeli forces launched the sixth day of a  massive offensive in the Gaza Strip early on Tuesday with an  air strike that killed a Palestinian militant and wounded two  others in Jabalya refugee camp.
Ethnic Divide Risks Being Reinforced in Afghan Vote  MAZAR-I-SHARIF, Afghanistan (Reuters) - "I am going to  prove that being Hazara is no longer a crime in this country."
Japan PM Prefers Bush, Could Cope with Kerry  TOKYO (Reuters) - If Junichiro Koizumi could vote in the  November U.S. presidential election, the Japanese prime  minister would almost certainly cast his ballot for his  diplomatic soul mate, President Bush.
At Least 26 Dead as 3 Car Bombs Explode in Iraq The surge in violence has led many experts to voice serious doubts about whether legitimate elections can be held in January.
Broadway Pit Shrinks; Drummer Sent to Room As orchestra pits grow smaller to accommodate seating, musicians have been deployed to perform in remote rooms.
Office Depot Ousts Chief, Citing Need for Growth By Bloomberg News. Office Depot, which lost its place as the world #39;s No. 1 office-supplies retailer to Staples three years ago, ousted its chairman and chief executive, Bruce Nelson, yesterday.
UPDATE 2-AMD warns of lower sales, citing flash memory Semiconductor maker Advanced Micro Devices Inc. (AMD.N: Quote, Profile, Research) warned on Monday that its quarterly revenue will be lower than forecast, citing softness in 
General Mills buying back 16.5M shares General Mills Inc. said Monday it plans to buy back about 16.5 million shares of its common stock from beverage company Diageo PLC.
Chiefs Lead Ravens After First Quarter (AP) AP - Trent Green threw a 3-yard touchdown pass to Jason Dunn, and the Kansas City Chiefs held a 10-3 lead over the Baltimore Ravens after the first quarter Monday night.
Former Eagles Coach Nick Skorich Dies (AP) AP - Nick Skorich, an NFL head coach in Cleveland and Philadelphia and the offensive line coach on the Eagles' 1960 championship team, has died at the age of 83.
NetContinuum Debuts Web-Services And Web-App Firewall NetContinuum, a leading provider of application firewalls, today announced that it is integrating the leading Web-services firewall, Forum Systems #39; XWall, into its flagship Application Security Gateway product.
Kobe Takes Over As Lakers' Leader (AP) AP - Kobe Bryant is a free man  #151; and the Los Angeles Lakers are his team. Shaquille O'Neal, Derek Fisher, Gary Payton and Karl Malone are gone, leaving Bryant as Showtime's lone superstar.
Diamondbacks Face Tumultuous Offseason (AP) AP - A season that went from bad to historically awful is mercifully over, and the Arizona Diamondbacks are facing an offseason that will determine the team's course toward respectability.
AmEx win small redemption for Els If Ernie Els is to contend for major championships and remain one of the world #39;s elite golfers, he had to put the events of this summer behind him.
Falcons #39; Dunn is OK, team reports Falcons running back Warrick Dunn, who did not return to Sunday #39;s win over the Panthers after suffering a cramp in his hamstring in the third quarter, does not appear to be seriously injured.
Indians meet with Vizquel over next year The Gold Glove shortstop and his agent met with Indians general manager Mark Shapiro for an hour on Monday to discuss whether Vizquel will be with Cleveland next year.
Expect Pitched Battles To Shape the Playoffs Pitching, as usual, will play a critical role in these playoffs, positively and negatively.
Running Game Stalled Clinton Portis asserts that his problems Sunday were partially attributable to the Browns defense calling out Washington's plays before the team could run them.
Samsung ups chip production spending; \$24bn in new lines LONDON, December 6 (newratings.com) - The South Korean memory chipmaker, Samsung Electronics Company (SSUN.FSE), said today that it intends to invest approximately 25 trillion won (\$24 billion; 12.36 billion) in building new chip production lines in 
It's Shaq's Day Modeling his new Miami Heat uniform, a slimmed-down center Shaquille O'Neal promised to be a team leader during the organization's designated media day.
A New Season The Astros, Red Sox and Braves are riding hot streaks at just the right time as the Yankees limp into the playoffs.
Deal Still in Works Peter Angelos will meet with officials again with a goal toward concluding a compensation package.
Understudy Takes Stage A year has made quite a difference for Virginia defensive end Kwakou Robinson who has stepped into the void created by the absence of injured end Chris Canty.
Two for the Road Sam Maldonado and Josh Allen successfully share the rushing load for the Maryland Terrapins, mirroring the national trend in collegiate football.
Telecom Italia  #39;in TIM buyout #39; Telecom Italia will use cash for a larger-than-expected chunk of a 20 billion-euro (\$26.69 billion) buyout of mobile unit TIM it is likely to announce on Tuesday, a source close to the deal told Reuters.
ABC Gets Belmont in 2006 2006 will mark the first time in 19 years the Kentucky Derby, Preakness Stakes and Belmont Stakes will not be shown on the same network as ABC will host the Belmont.
Packers Deal McKenzie The Packers traded cornerback Mike McKenzie and a conditional draft choice to the Saints yesterday for reserve quarterback J.T. O'Sullivan and a second-round pick.
Wal-Mart to Open, Expand Up to 295 Stores (AP) AP - Wal-Mart Stores Inc. plans to open or expand 40 to 45 discount stores and 240 to 250 Supercenters in the United States next year as the world's largest retailer continues an aggressive expansion plan.
Japan Stocks Slip by Midday  TOKYO (Reuters) - The Nikkei average inched down by  midsession on Tuesday as investors took a breather from recent  speedy gains that were helped by a better result than expected  in the Bank of Japan's "tankan" survey.
Europe Worries Over Russian Gas Giant's Influence Gazprom has spun a web of control over energy supplies extending from Estonia on the Baltic Sea to Bulgaria on the Black Sea.
Sola to Be Acquired by Carl Zeiss, EQT Eyeglass lens manufacturer Sola International Inc. said Sunday that it agreed to be acquired by German optical products maker Carl Zeiss AG and Swedish private equity firm EQT for \$1.1 billion, including \$815 
Ferrari Outsources F1 Engine Design Work India #39;s top software exporter Tata Consultancy Services announced Monday it has won a multimillion dollar deal with Italian sports car maker Ferrari to design Formula 1 engines.
PeopleSoft down on testimony, forecast com October 4, 2004, 5:39 PM PT. This fourth priority #39;s main focus has been improving or obtaining CRM and ERP software for the past year and a half.
Supreme Court declines to hear free speech challenge to do not &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; SUPREME COURT The Supreme Court is refusing to hear a challenge to the federal do-not-call telephone registry. Telemarketers have been trying to invoke free-speech rights to do away with the ban on unwanted phone solicitations.
Schaefer, Ehrlich Spar Over Tax Shelter Maryland Gov. Robert L. Ehrlich Jr. is considering a plan to reopen a large corporate tax loophole the General Assembly closed over his objections this year, according to state tax officials.
Update 5: Tokyo #39;s Stocks Lower on Profit Taking Tokyo #39;s key stock index fell Tuesday morning on profit taking following hefty gains the day before. The US dollar was higher against the Japanese yen.
General Electric, Wachovia Poised to Win in US Tax Overhaul General Electric Co. and Wachovia Corp. stand to gain the most in new legislation to repeal a \$50 billion tax break for US exporters ruled illegal by the World Trade Organization.
Astronaut Gordon  #39;Gordo #39; Cooper, 1927-2004 Grant writes  quot;Leroy Gordon  #39;Gordo #39; Cooper, one of America #39;s first seven astronauts, died today in his home at the age of 77.
Manchester United: It may receive takeover offer The English Premier League team says it had received a  quot;preliminary approach quot; containing a number of significant conditions for a financial takeover.
Fernandez Racing Post-Race Notes: Toyota Indy 400 Adrian Fernandez scored his third career IRL IndyCar Series win this afternoon, claiming victory in the Toyota Indy 400 at California Speedway.
Streeter Lecka/Getty Images It #39;s happening again. The curse of the NFC championship is alive and well. By now, you know how it goes: One year you #39;re the conference champs, the next year you #39;re conference chumps.
Attanasio excited to own Brewers CBC SPORTS ONLINE - Mark L. Attanasio was introduced Monday as the incoming owner of the Milwaukee Brewers. Attanasio, 46, has completed negotiations to purchase the Brewers from the family of baseball commissioner Bud Selig.
Guilty plea on island sex abuse ONE of the seven men on trial for sexual abuse on remote Pacific island of Pitcairn has pleaded guilty to three of the four charges he faced, including indecent assault against a 12-year-old girl.
Bigley  #39;handed to another group #39; THE younger brother of Ken Bigley, the British hostage held in Iraq, said today he believed the engineer had been handed over to a  quot;more moderate gang quot; that would be more likely to free him.
Fears for rhino as hunters are allowed to kill again Big game hunters can return to Africa to shoot the black rhino after a 20-year worldwide ban on trade in the animals was lifted yesterday.
Limited rhino hunt allowed in SA, Namibia afrol News, 4 October - Hundred years of conservation efforts have lifted the southern black rhino population from about hundred to 11,000 animals.
Unsafe Products Reaching Retail Shelves Dozens of dangerous products that violate federal safety standards are finding their way onto retail shelves, while hundreds of other recalled items banned for sale in the United States are being shipped to shoppers abroad, according  Consumer Reports magazine.
Visa, MasterCard Lose Supreme Court Appeal The Supreme Court Monday cleared the way for banks to begin issuing credit cards bearing logos such as American Express and Discover while continuing to offer Visas and MasterCards.
BAE Says Profit From Saudi Contract to Fall in 2005 (Update3) BAE Systems Plc, Europe #39;s biggest weapons maker, said profit from its largest contract, the Al Yamamah arms program, will decline in 2005 as more of the work is carried out in Saudi Arabia.
Independence, Mechanics  at Odds Union leaders representing mechanics at Flyi Inc.'s Independence Air said Monday that contract negotiations have bogged down, and they raised the prospect of a strike at the 3 1/2-month-old airline.
Wrestling for the Controls in Columbia  A dispute over Columbia's last large piece of undeveloped land is shaping as up as a battle that may be less about competing plans and more about who's in control of Howard County.
Visa, MasterCard Lose Supreme Court Appeal The Supreme Court yesterday cleared the way for banks to begin issuing credit cards bearing logos such as American Express and Discover while continuing to offer Visas and MasterCards.
IBM Adds Fingerprint Sensor to ThinkPads IBM has added biometric security to its ThinkPad notebook line, claiming that the technology is now ready for prime time. IBM has added a fingerprint scanner to its T42 ThinkPad notebook chassis and will offer 
 #39;Mercury Seven #39; astronaut Cooper dead at 77 GORDON Cooper, one of the original Mercury astronauts who pioneered the US role in outer space, died Monday at his home in Ventura, California, NASA announced.
Wilkinson to lead LONDON: Flyhalf Jonny Wilkinson, who kicked the winning drop goal in last November #39;s World Cup final against Australia, was named yesterday as England captain.
BASEBALL ROUNDUP Mariners Dismiss Manager By The Associated Press. Bob Melvin is out as manager of the Mariners, a day after Seattle ended its worst season in 12 years with its 99th loss.
HOSTAGE  #39;SOLD TO LESS BRUTAL GANG #39; HOPES for Ken Bigley #39;s freedom rose yesterday after it was claimed he had been  #39;sold #39; to a less brutal gang of kidnappers.
Sharp Takes Aim at PDP Market with Biggest LCD TV (Reuters) Reuters - Japan's Sharp Corp. said on\Tuesday it had developed a 65-inch liquid crystal display (LCD)\television, the world's biggest, in a bid to break into the\large flat-panel TV market dominated by plasma display (PDP)\makers.
Legal firms agree global merger UK law firm DLA is merging with US peer Piper Rudnick to create a legal empire with the third most lawyers on board in the world. The combined firm will have 2,700 lawyers on its books situated in 49 offices across 19 countries.
Oracle Opens Legal Attack on PeopleSoft (AP) AP - PeopleSoft Inc.'s board fired Craig Conway as chief executive after hearing him explain why he deceived industry analysts about the business software maker's sale prospects while fighting rival Oracle Corp.'s  #36;7.7 billion takeover bid.
Sharp Takes Aim at PDP Market with Biggest LCD TV  MAKUHARI, Japan (Reuters) - Japan's Sharp Corp. said on  Tuesday it had developed a 65-inch liquid crystal display (LCD)  television, the world's biggest, in a bid to break into the  large flat-panel TV market dominated by plasma display (PDP)  makers.
Blair heads off to Africa on trip aimed at securing legacy (AFP) AFP - Freshly recovered from a heart operation, British Prime Minister Tony Blair was scheduled to fly to Ethiopia on a personal aid mission which he hopes will also provide a restorative boost to his own place in history.
Ganguly is suspect against short ball, says Waugh (Reuters) Reuters - Former Australia captain Steve Waugh says India skipper Saurav Ganguly is suspect against the short ball.
Newsview: Cheney-Edwards Debate Means More (AP) AP - Usually just a campaign sideshow, this year's vice presidential debate has taken on new life as a high-stakes showdown in a tightening presidential race. Dick Cheney's mission is to slow John Kerry's sudden momentum, while John Edwards' assignment is to feed doubts about President Bush's handling of Iraq and the economy.
Addicted Gamers, Losing Their Way Popular games such as the Grand Theft Auto series and online games like Socom II and EverQuest are designed to engage the player, but what actually makes them addictive? \&lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Web Snags Right Demographic The band R.E. M. releases its 13th major album, "Around the Sun" Tuesday -- but for hundreds of thousands of fans, there's no suspense. They've already listened to the entire album for free on the Internet, and with the band's label's encouragement. &lt;BR&gt;&lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Supreme Court Upholds Do-Not-Call Registry The national do-not-call list overcame its last legal hurdle Monday when the Supreme Court let stand a lower-court ruling affirming its constitutionality.&lt;BR&gt;\&lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
WebMethods Chief Resigns Phillip Merrick, the 41-year-old co-founder and chief executive of WebMethods Inc., resigned suddenly, citing heath reasons that company officials described as "stress-related."
Supreme Court OKs Calif. Gun Show Bans (AP) AP - The U.S. Supreme Court on Monday let stand a lower court's ruling that upheld a county ordinance banning gun shows on government property such as fairgrounds.
Navistar Sees Higher 4th-Quarter Earnings (Reuters) Reuters - Commercial truck maker Navistar\International Corp.  on Monday said it expects higher\fourth-quarter earnings and revenue as the recovering U.S.\economy spurs orders for its trucks and engines.
H1-B Visa Cap Met in One Day Immigration officials have a message for employers hoping to hire foreign workers through the H1-B visa program for the fiscal year that began Friday: It's too late.
Megawati 'accepts' Indonesia vote The defeated Indonesian president accepts the poll result, without formally stating she has lost.
Pitcairn man admits sex charges One of seven men facing a total of 55 charges of sex offences against young girls on the tiny island of Pitcairn changes his plea to guilty.
China's Land Grabs Raise Specter of Unrest As farmers are pitted against developers allied with local officials, peasants and other rural landowners who still make up 60 percent of China's 1.3 billion people increasingly have tried to resist.
London Ex-Policeman Sentenced for Spying A judge sentenced a former London police officer to 2 1/2 years in prison Monday for spying on Saudi dissidents and others in Britain in exchange for \$25,000 from a diplomat representing Saudi Arabia.
Municipal Elections Strengthen Party of Brazilian President In its first electoral test since taking power 21 months ago, the party of President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva emerged stronger from nationwide municipal elections but did not win in the country's biggest city, Sao Paulo.
'Che's Trail' in Bolivia Traces Guevara's Demise &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; LA PAZ, Bolivia (Reuters) - Tourists and political pilgrimscan now follow "Che's trail" in Bolivia, which traces ErnestoGuevara's fatal attempt to export the Cuban revolution to oneof Latin America's poorest countries.&lt;/p&gt;
Nets #39; Kidd Is Resigned to a Long, Long Season In his first public comments since enduring his team #39;s fire sale over the summer, the Nets #39; marquee player, Jason Kidd, offered his assessment of the situation Monday.
Bradley Is Back, and the Dodgers Think Upset After serving a five-game suspension, Milton Bradley worked out with the Dodgers as they prepared for Tuesday's opener against the St. Louis Cardinals.
Foodland gets offer for Australian unit SYDNEY Metcash Trading, Australia #39;s biggest grocery wholesaler, said Monday that it had offered 846 million Australian dollars, or \$660 million, in cash or stock for Foodland Associated #39;s Australian business, to complete a nationwide distribution network.
Rocket Ship Wins \$10 Million Prize as Private Venture for Commercial Space Flights A private rocket ship shot into space on Monday morning and won a coveted \$10 million aviation prize for its creators.
Membrane Breakthrough for Fuel Cells A California company, PolyFuel, plans to announce that it has achieved a breakthrough in fuel-cell membranes.
PeopleSoft Chief's Remarks Cited as Cause of Dismissal A director of PeopleSoft said that Craig A. Conway, the company's chief, was fired in part because he made false statements at an analysts' conference in September 2003.
Almost Here: Cellphones at 37,000 Feet For those who need to make telephone calls in flight and don't want to sell the second car to finance them, help is on the way.
Schwab to Cut Most Online Trade Commissions by One-Third The Charles Schwab Corporation said yeserday that it would reduce commissions on most online trades by a third as it strives to retain customers.
Genentech Receives Subpoena About Rituxan Marketing (Update2) Genentech Inc. said the marketing of Rituxan, a cancer drug that is the company #39;s best-selling product, is the subject of a US criminal investigation.
Rocket plane wins \$10 mln prize A privately built rocket plane has won a 10 million US dollar prize for the first commercially viable manned spacecraft. Space Ship One has touched down in a US desert after 
Triple Crown TV Breakup The Belmont Stakes is leaving NBC to return to ABC in 2006, ending a television partnership with the Kentucky Derby and the Preakness Stakes.
Boat people killed in capsize tragedy AT LEAST 22 people were killed and dozens more missing after a boat carrying would-be immigrants to Italy capsized in the Mediterranean, reports said today.
IBM puts PC business up for sale IBM, the company that invented the PC, has put its PC business up for sale, according to the New York Times, and is in discussions with China #39;s largest maker of personal computers, Lenovo Group (formerly Legend Group), and at least one other potential 
Women facing retirement poverty Pension rules need to be changed to help women avoid poverty in old age as a mix of low pay and time out for childcare is limiting their retirement savings, the TUC says.
Oracle Opens Legal Fight Oracle charged that PeopleSoft #39;s ousted chief executive, Craig A. Conway, lied to analysts in telling them that the Oracle takeover bid was no longer a factor in PeopleSoft #39;s ability to write new business.
Tax-Cut Bill Draws White House Doubts The Bush administration yesterday raised serious objections about congressional efforts to approve a corporate tax-cut bill this week, warning that the Republican-backed 
Gordon Cooper, pioneering Mercury program astronaut, dies at 77 Gordon Cooper, the youngest and perhaps cockiest member of the original Mercury astronauts whose space endurance record cleared the way for manned flight to the moon, has died.
Genetic Study of Lice Hints At Clash of Archaic Humans Scientists unraveling the genetic history of head lice have found startling evidence that early humans mingled with a clan of hairy, distant cousins as recently as 25,000 years ago in Asia -- a 
In LA, Kobe passes on slamming Shaq ... This was Kobe Bryant #39;s opportunity to respond to the verbal bashing he has taken recently from former teammate Shaquille O #39;Neal, and the Los Angeles media was out in force to record every insult.
Yahoo Joins Trend to Personalize Searches (AP) AP - Following a recent industry trend, Internet giant Yahoo Inc. is adding new search engine tools that will enable users to create personal folders and share their favorite links with others.
AT T Wireless to Offer Music Downloads (AP) AP - AT amp;T Wireless is wading into the digital music market with a new service that enables its mobile phone users to browse and purchase song downloads over the phone and then retrieve them online on a computer.
Tech Warning, Higher Oil Weigh on Asia (Reuters) Reuters - Asian share markets were trapped in\narrow ranges Tuesday as oil prices edged higher and after a\warning of lower sales from semiconductor maker Advanced Micro\Devices, which offset upbeat U.S. economic and corporate news.
Survey: U.S. to Rein in Holiday Spending (Reuters) Reuters - Most Americans are planning to curb\their holiday spending this year, making it a challenging\shopping season for U.S. retailers, according to a holiday\buying survey by The NPD Group.
Survey: U.S. to Rein in Holiday Spending  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Most Americans are planning to curb  their holiday spending this year, making it a challenging  shopping season for U.S. retailers, according to a holiday  buying survey by The NPD Group.
Big Changes Ahead For Siebel Systems CRM customers will be listening this week when Mike Lawrie takes the stage at the Siebel Systems Inc. #39;s user conference in Los Angeles for his first public appearance as CEO of the customer-relationship-management software pioneer.
Office Depot removes chief after sales drop Office Depot Inc., the world #39;s No. 2 office-supplies retailer, removed its chairman and chief executive, Bruce Nelson, after sales declined at its older stores in 14 of the past 16 quarters.
Backing for sale of AT amp;T Wireless Federal Communications Commission Chairman Michael Powell yesterday unofficially recommended that the agency approve Cingular Wireless #39; proposed \$41 billion purchase of Redmond #39;s AT amp;T Wireless.
OAS chief faces graft allegations Organization of American States head Miguel Angel Rodriguez faces a corruption probe in Costa Rica.
On Italian Isle, Migrant Plight Draws Scrutiny With hundreds crossing the Mediterranean, European leaders have been sparring over a plan to stem the flow of asylum seekers.
Anheuser-Busch to Debut Souped-Up Beer ST. LOUIS - In an effort to revive flattening sales and attract new drinkers, Anheuser-Busch is unveiling a new concoction - a fruity-smelling beer, spiked with caffeine, guarana and ginseng...
Chiefs Lead Ravens in Fourth Quarter BALTIMORE - Priest Holmes had his third 100-yard rushing game of the season and the Kansas City Chiefs held a 20-17 lead over the Baltimore Ravens after three quarters Monday night.    Trent Green led the Chiefs 60 yards in 11 plays on the tiebreaking march, with a 16-yard completion to Chris Horn on third-and-10 extending the drive...
Bush Has a 5-Point Lead In Latest Poll The president stays ahead, despite surging enthusiasm for Kerry among Democrats.