A Daily Look at U.S. Iraq Military Deaths (AP) AP - As of Wednesday, Aug. 25, 964 U.S. service members have died since the beginning of military operations in Iraq in March 2003, according to the Defense Department. Of those, 722 died as a result of hostile action and 242 died of non-hostile causes.
Jacobsen Skips Hartford to Play Tradition (AP) AP - Last year, Peter Jacobsen was too young to play in the Tradition. This year, he has already won a major on the Champions Tour as he readies for his debut in the tournament he helped bring to his home state.
Alta prison bans pedophile from socials with kids that fuel his fantasies (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - WINNIPEG (CP) - A medium-security prison in Alberta has banned a Manitoba pedophile from social functions with the children of other inmates following the man's admission that the events fuel his sexual fantasies.
Olympics: Fame But Questions for Greece's New Heroine  ATHENS (Reuters) - Fani Halkia hurtled from virtual  obscurity to become Olympic women's 400 meters hurdles champion  on Wednesday, giving Greece a new sports diva to hail but  sparking a barrage of questions over her rise to prominence.
U.S. Expresses Concern About UAL Pensions  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Bush administration expressed  fresh concern on Wednesday about the possibility bankrupt  United Airlines &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=UALAQ.OB target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;UALAQ.OB&lt;/A&gt; might scrap its employee pension  plans, which would shift the burden of paying benefits to the  government.
Nikkei Seen Firming After 11,000 Cleared  TOKYO (Reuters) - Japan's Nikkei average is expected to  extend gains on Thursday as investors keep a healthy appetite  for blue-chip exporters after a fall in oil prices boosted  confidence over the U.S. economy and lifted Wall Street stocks.
Sudan Closes Its Embassy in Washington (AP) AP - Sudan said Wednesday it had closed its embassy in Washington after being unable to find a bank that would handle its financial matters.
Sumitomo Mitsui bid for UFJ to test cost-cutting skills TOKYO: Sumitomo Mitsui Financial Group Inc #39;s US\$29bil hostile bid for UFJ Holdings Inc may hinge on its ability to convince shareholders that it can cut costs and bad loans at Japan #39;s most unprofitable bank, investors said.
EU probes Microsoft-Time Warner deal The European Commission on Wednesday opened an in-depth investigation into plans for joint takeover of ContentGuard, a US anti-piracy tech firm, by Microsoftand Time Warner.
US stocks end higher as crude oil prices continue decline Wall Street stocks traded higher Wednesday as crude oil prices, reaching above 49 dollars per barrel last week, plunged for a fourth straight session.
CORRECTED - IMF says loosening of yuan in China #39;s interest In WASHINGTON story headlined  quot;IMF says loosening of yuan in China #39;s interest quot; please read in first paragraph ... undervalued ... instead of ... overvalued ... (corrects direction). WASHINGTON, Aug 25 (Reuters 
US Fed official says economic softness  quot;fleeting quot; President of the US Federal Reserve Bank of Atlanta Jack Guynn said on Wednesday that the soft patch that the US economy hit recently was likely to be short-lived.
Alitalia Unions Threaten Strikes on Contract Demands (Update1) Alitalia SpA, Italy #39;s largest airline, faces strikes and airport blockades should Chief Executive Giancarlo Cimoli seek bankruptcy protection for the carrier, cut thousands of jobs or break up the company, union officials said.
Auckland airport profit up 13 Auckland International Airport has reported a 13 increase in annual net profit, buoyed by strong growth in passenger numbers and a 30 increase in international seat capacity.
Washington Post Managing Editor Resigns Steve Coll, The Washington Post #39;s managing editor since 1998, is stepping down to focus on writing books, the paper reported Wednesday.
Stocks: New drop in oil prices encourages Wall St. NEW YORK Stocks inched higher in quiet trading on Wednesday as a pair of government reports offered conflicting signals about the economy, and oil prices declined.
Former Enron Official Pleads Guilty To Securities Fraud WASHINGTON, Aug 25 (AFP) - A former top Enron official responsible for investor relations pleaded guilty Wednesday to securities fraud as part of a plea agreement, under which he has agreed to cooperate fully with the government #39;s ongoing criminal 
NTT DoCoMo and Motorola teams up on 3G Phones NTT DoCoMo, top mobile phone carrier in Japan, and Motorola Inc., worlds number two cell-phone maker, plans to develop third-generation cell phones that allow subscribers in Japan to use services in other parts of Asia and Europe.
Feds Bust File-Sharing Sites Law enforcement agents have raided five homes and one ISP in what the Department of Justice calls the first federal enforcement action against piracy on peer-to-peer networks.
New technique to enhance semiconductors Conventional silicon based microchips have been known to be problematic at high temperatures, often due to heat generated by the circuit within while operating at high frequencies.
Microsoft expands mainframe pitch Microsoft is expanding a plan to draw mainframe customers to Windows for high-end applications. Under a program with the internal code name Mission Critical Microsoft, the company is trying to extend its current 
Body Asymmetry Tied to Aggression If one of your ears is bigger than the other, it may be a sign you #39;re more likely to be aggressive when you get angry. So say Ohio State University researchers, who found 
Science Magazine: Asia Farmers Sucking Continent Dry Asian farmers drilling millions of pump-operated wells in an ever-deeper search for water are threatening to suck the continent #39;s underground reserves dry, a science magazine warned on Wednesday.
Jamaica to provide free Net access JAMAICA #39;S government has announced a \$US5 million program to provide free internet access in poor communities across the island.
Arsenal beat Forest #39;s record ARSENAL became the first side in English football to go 43 league matches unbeaten when they beat Blackburn 3-0 at Highbury last night to return to the top of the Premiership.
Patterson sends Brewers packing Corey Patterson smacked a two-out, two-run home run in the ninth inning Wednesday to lift the Chicago Cubs to a 4-2 victory and complete a sweep of the Milwaukee Brewers.
Russia Observes Day of Mourning for Plane Crash Victims Russians are observing a day of mourning Thursday for the 89 victims of two nearly simultaneous plane crashes Tuesday. Investigators say they have no evidence to prove whether the crashes late on Tuesday were caused by terrorism.
US reiterates support for Iraqi interim government The United States on Wednesday reiterated American support for the Iraqi interim government headed by Prime Minister Iyad Allawi. The US supports Allawi and his government #39;s 
Darfur witnesses arrested in Sudan The Sudanese government was accused yesterday of arresting people who have spoken to foreign visitors, ceasefire monitors and journalists about continuing atrocities in Darfur.
Palestinians vote for reforms; fear Arafat inaction Palestinian legislators voted yesterday to back an anti-corruption reform package, but feared nothing would come of it as President Yasser Arafat was withholding his stamp of approval.
Lawyer Advising Vets Quits Bush Campaign WASHINGTON - One of President Bush's top lawyers resigned from his campaign Wednesday, a day after disclosing that he had given legal advice to a veterans group airing TV ads challenging Democrat John Kerry's Vietnam War service. The guidance included checking ad scripts, the group said...
U.S. Expresses Concern About UAL Pensions (Reuters) Reuters - The Bush administration expressed\fresh concern on Wednesday about the possibility bankrupt\United Airlines (UALAQ.OB) might scrap its employee pension\plans, which would shift the burden of paying benefits to the\government.
Curacao Rallies to Beat Taiwan 9-8 in LLWS (AP) AP - Down four runs with only three outs left, Curacao manager Vernon Isabella thought his team's run for a championship was over. That was until Jonathan Schoop led an unlikely rally.
IBM, Vanco Land VPN Deal LONDON -- IBM has signed a 7-year 500 million deal with Lloyds TSB to enhance the Bank #39;s voice and data services in support of next-generation business solutions.
Russia Looks for Cause of 2 Plane Crashes (AP) AP - Russian investigators labored Wednesday to determine whether terrorism caused the near-simultaneous crashes of two jetliners, killing all 89 people aboard and spreading anxieties about a possible bloody escalation of the Chechen conflict.
Rice Hall Buys Growth On The Cheap (Investor's Business Daily) Investor's Business Daily - Maybe it's the sunshine, but San Diego has been a hotbed of growth-oriented mutual funds for more than two decades. Most of these growth shops buy the hottest names with the fastest growth rates. But one, Rice Hall James, takes a more cautious approach.
Chinese Game Maker Shows Winning Touch (Investor's Business Daily) Investor's Business Daily - Chinese Internet companies that lit up Wall Street last year have become fading stars. Most blame the slowdown in the wireless end of their business for their shrinking market value.
Nikkei Opens Higher on Economic Optimism  TOKYO (Reuters) - Japan's Nikkei average rose 0.73 percent  at the opening on Thursday as investors bought exporters such  as Canon Inc. after a fall in oil prices boosted confidence  over the U.S. economy and lifted Wall Street stocks.
The Olympic  Drug Problem Just eleven days into the 2004 Olympics in Athens, we have already been confronted with the seemingly common problem of drug use within sport. So much so, in fact, that it has been dubbed "The Gene Games" by chairman of the World Anti-Doping Agency's ethical issues review panel, Thomas Murray.    In a recent interview conducted by the New York Times, Murray talks about the impact of drugs in sport, and what effect they have on the athletes involved.
Microsoft releases Windows XP Tablet PC Edition 2005 Microsoft Corp. has announced the Windows XP Tablet PC Edition 2005 operating system, the successor to Windows XP Tablet PC Edition introduced in November 2002.
Microsoft releases key management software Microsoft Wednesday released the latest versions of its performance and monitoring tool, which forms a cornerstone in its plan to create a management platform for Windows.
France case over Yahoo drags on SAN JOSE, California Yahoo will likely have a tough time getting American courts to intervene in a dispute over the sale of Nazi memorabilia in France after a US appeals court ruling.
Manchester United join hunt for Rooney MANCHESTER, Aug 25 (SW) - Within the past hour, Sir Alex Ferguson, manager of Manchester United, has confirmed that the club had made a 20m bid to sign 18 year old England International Wayne Rooney from Everton.
Newisys paves way for 16-, 32-chip Opteron servers Company looks to leap past current limit of eight Opteron processors in a single server.
Winamp vulnerable to camouflaged-skin attacks Users of the music player should watch out for hacked themes; a flaw allows would-be intruders to take control of PCs.
U.S. government cracks down on P-to-P piracy U.S. law enforcement agents raided five homes and one Internet service provider on Wednesday in what the U.S. Department of Justice (DOJ) calls the first federal enforcement action against piracy on peer-to-peer (P-to-P) networks.
Publishing  amp; Broadcasting Second-Half Doubles to A\$394 Million Publishing  amp; Broadcasting Ltd. #39;s second-half profit more than doubled as advertising sales and gaming returns increased at the owner of Australia #39;s top-rating television network and the nation #39;s biggest casino.
Ferguson in bid for  #39;fabulous #39; Rooney The pursuit of Wayne Rooney became serious last night as Everton confirmed Manchester United had tabled a 20m bid for the England striker.
SI.com CHICAGO (Ticker) -- The Chicago Cubs appeared to receive a gift from first base umpire Mark Wegner leading off the bottom of the ninth.
Iraqi cleric urges march to Najaf Iraq #39;s most respected Shia cleric, Grand Ayatollah Ali al-Sistani, made a dramatic return to the country Wednesday and urged all Iraqi Muslims to join him on a march to the 
Nikkei Opens Higher on Economic Optimism (Reuters) Reuters - Japan's Nikkei average rose 0.73 percent\at the opening on Thursday as investors bought exporters such\as Canon Inc. after a fall in oil prices boosted confidence\over the U.S. economy and lifted Wall Street stocks.
Arafat Fends Off Challenge Over Reforms (AP) AP - RAMALLAH, West Bank  #151; Yasser Arafat fended off another challenge to his authority Wednesday when Palestinian lawmakers backed away from sweeping reform demands, instead approving a watered down set of recommendations.
Thatcher's Son Charged in Coup Plot (AP) AP - The son of former British Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher, an ex-race car driver whose business career has been dogged by accusations of questionable arms deals and shady ventures, was charged Wednesday with helping finance a foiled coup plot in oil-rich Equatorial Guinea.
Glance at GOP Platform (AP) AP - In developing a party platform, Republicans devoted much effort to the question of how to extend a welcome to party members who oppose the GOP's stand against abortion and gay rights.
Playing Catch-Up With Sheffield Even nearly 25 years later, Gary Sheffield still wonders how his team from Tampa, Fla., lost to Taiwan in the 1980 Little League World Series.
Digital attacks on Winamp use 'skins' for camouflage Users of the music player should watch out for hacked themes; a flaw allows would-be intruders to take control of PCs.
Microsoft faces new EC inquiry European Union regulators yesterday flexed their muscles by ordering an in-depth inquiry into plans by Microsoft and Time Warner to buy one of the world #39;s leading providers of anti-piracy software.
BAE wins anti-missile contract BAE Systems and Northrop Grumman were last night awarded contracts by the United States government to develop technology for protecting commercial aircraft from shoulder-fired missiles.
Force is with Pinewood after Star Wars deal Pinewood Shepperton yesterday reported a 32 rise in first-half profits as the film studio business reported its maiden results following a 92m flotation this year.
Under fire, CA pledges to right its ship Facing shareholder anger, top executives of Computer Associates International (CA) this week pledged to add 150 new employees to aid its channel efforts and to overcome distractions created 
Salad oil may fuel hydrogen car of future Researchers yesterday unveiled a new fuel: clean, green and also good in a salad dressing. Sunflower oil is light in taste and rich in vitamin E, and Valerie Dupont of the University of Leeds believes it could 
NASA funds extension of Mars Odyssey orbiter mission NASA has extended the mission of the Mars Odyssey orbiter which has been studying and mapping the Red Planet since early 2002 as well as serving as a relay for data from the surface rovers Spirit and Opportunity.
Arsenal sets unbeaten streak record Arsenal set the new English soccer standard Wednesday with a 3-0 win over the Blackburn Rovers at Highbury, eclipsing the old mark of 42 (21 wins, 21 ties) held by Nottingham Forest since 1978.
Bryant Prosecutors Say Some Data Tainted (AP) AP - Two days before the start of jury selection in Kobe Bryant's rape case, prosecutors charged that crucial DNA evidence the defense had hoped to use to prove the NBA star's innocence might have been contaminated.
NFL Expresses Interest in Anaheim Franchise (AP) AP - The NFL has approached Anaheim city officials about possibly building a stadium complex for an NFL franchise that could begin play as soon as 2008.
Australia planning to buy long-range stealth cruise missiles: report (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - CANBERRA, Australia (AP) - Australia will become the first country in the Southeast Asia Pacific region to be armed with long-range stealth cruise missiles in a move that could irritate its neighbours, a newspaper said Thursday.
NL Wrap: Patterson's Homer Keeps Cubs in NL Wildcard Lead  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Corey Patterson clubbed a two-run  homer in the bottom of the ninth inning to give the Chicago  Cubs a 4-2 win over the Milwaukee Brewers in the National  League (NL) Wednesday.
Gates Contributes to Stem Cell Campaign (AP) AP - Microsoft Corp. chairman Bill Gates contributed  #36;400,000 to the campaign backing a California ballot measure that would make billions of dollars available for human embryonic stem cell research and cloning projects in the state, according to campaign records.
Alien Catfish Species Found in N.J. Canal (AP) AP - An alien species of catfish has been caught in the Delaware Raritan Canal, prompting fears among environmental officials that the voracious predator could devastate native catfish, sunfish and some sturgeon populations the way it has in southeastern states.
PC users happier--especially with Apple, Dell Customer satisfaction with home computers reaches three-year peak, with highest marks for Apple and Dell, survey says.
UPDATE 3-Gambro sells US kidney clinics unit to DaVita Swedish kidney-care company Gambro AB (GAMBa.ST: Quote, Profile, Research) said on Tuesday it signed a \$3.05 billion deal to sell its US clinics 
Japan Trade Surplus Expands Again in July (AP) AP - Japan's trade surplus expanded for the 13th straight month in July due to rising exports of automobiles and high-technology products to Asia, the United States and Europe.
Japan Stocks Firm on Optimism on Oil Fall  TOKYO (Reuters) - Japan's Nikkei average rose 0.37 percent  in early trade on Thursday as investors bought exporters such  as Canon Inc. after a fall in oil prices boosted confidence  over the U.S. economy and lifted Wall Street stocks.
NASA Extends Mars Odyssey Orbiter Mission (AP) AP - NASA has extended the mission of the Mars Odyssey orbiter which has been studying and mapping the Red Planet since early 2002 as well as serving as a relay for data from the surface rovers Spirit and Opportunity.
Crude Oil Little Changed After 3.9 Plunge on Gasoline Supply Crude oil futures were little changed, after plunging 3.9 percent yesterday, the biggest decline in almost three months, as a government report showed that US gasoline supplies were higher than expected.
Profits rise as AGL flags NZ sale Australian Gas Light Company has flagged the sale of its stake in New Zealand #39;s NGC Holdings, after the Australian energy retailer today reported an 18.
Former Enron official pleads guilty to securities fraud A former top Enron official pleaded guilty Wednesday to securities fraud and agreed to cooperate fully with the ongoing criminal investigation of Enron #39;scollapse.
Pinewood studios maiden profit jumps British film studio Pinewood Shepperton, home to James Bond and Harry Potter films, has posted a 31.6 percent gain in its maiden half-year profit report and says it is confident on prospects for the full year.
Shell  #39;faces \$1.5bn Nigeria bill #39; Nigeria #39;s Senate is reportedly to ask a Shell unit to pay \$1.5bn (0.84bn) compensation to oilfield communities for environmental damage.
US Awards Airliner Antimissile Contracts Northrop Grumman Corp. (NOC.N: Quote, Profile, Research) and BAE Systems PLC (BA.L: Quote, Profile, Research) were tapped by the Bush administration on Wednesday to develop 
Overtime rules may affect 7.3M New federal rules governing overtime pay went into effect Monday. USA TODAY workplace reporter Stephanie Armour explains how the rules will affect some workers.
Reports Show a Mixed View of Economy Factory orders for costly manufactured goods in July recorded the biggest gain in four months. New-homes sales, meanwhile, slid, according to a pair of reports that offered a mixed picture of economic activity.
Boldly going where no chips have gone before Paris - One of the last frontiers of semiconductor technology - environments where electronic devices have to run at high power, in fierce heat or at lethal doses of radiation - may be about to fall.
Sinister new worm turns PCs into peeping toms An internet security company has discovered a sinister computer worm that turns people #39;s machines into peeping toms, secretly recording everything they see and hear.
Scientists Say Sunoil Could Power Cars, Homes British scientists say they have found a new, greener way to power cars and homes using sunflower oil, a commodity more commonly used for cooking fries.
Study: Americans happier with their PCs US consumers are happier with their PC purchases than they have been in the past three years, with Apple Computer and Dell pleasing them most, according to a report.
In Crocodile Evolution, the Bite Came Before the Body The creature, named Junggarsuchus sloani, was a three-foot-long one-meter-long sphenosuchianone of a class of small, slender, land-dwelling crocodilians that lived from about 230 million to 150 million years ago.
New turn in Yahoo tussle with France over Nazi items Yahoo #39;s face-off with France over Nazi paraphernalia took its latest twist Monday, with a federal appeals court reversing an earlier decision that found the First Amendment protected the Web portal from legal action over the issue in the United States.
IOC Ignores Snub, but Israel Stands Tall HE was the brown-eyed windsurfer with a gentle waviness to his thick hair, perched last night atop a medal stand, struggling to keep his tin voice on key as he sang a national anthem called  quot;The Hope.
From shock winner to dignified loser, Gardner leaves stage a true &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The man who beat the man they said was the greatest wrestler the world has ever known felt his own tug of mortality here yesterday, in a grey building on a scorching, rubbish-strewn hillside of broken-down houses and a stray goat.
Campbell throws rivals a curve ball Going into territory that Merlene Ottey, Grace Jackson and Juliet Cuthbert could never quite reach, Veronica Campbell gave Jamaica their first women #39;s sprint gold medal in last night #39;s 200 metres final.
BA directors to help staff cope with holiday rush at Heathrow Rod Eddington, the chief executive of British Airways, and 11 of his fellow directors will be working at Heathrow airport over the Bank Holiday weekend as part of a desperate 
Kuwait minister assures release of Indian hostages NEW DELHI: Kuwait is working closely with Iraqi authorities to ensure the safe and expeditious release of three Indians abducted in Iraq, Kuwaiti Foreign Minister Sheikh Mohammad al-Sabah al-Salem al Sabah said on Wednesday.
News in Brief Pope John Paul II presided at a special prayer service Wednesday for an icon he is returning to Russia, expressing his hopes that the gesture will improve relations between Roman Catholics and Russian Orthodox Christians.
Rangers lose Love match Another of Roman Abramovich #39;s football investments paid handsomely last night, unfortunately for Rangers whose plunge from fat cats of Scottish football to poor relations of the European game 
Hamm says he wouldn #39;t want to share all-around gold Olympic all-around champion Paul Hamm said Wednesday he would prefer not to share his gold medal with South Korea #39;s Yang Tae-young despite a judging mistake that ultimately cost Yang the gold.
Juninho tries on Larsson #39;s No 7 shirt For a small man, he looks as though he will wear it lightly. No sooner had Juninho completed his protracted move from Middlsbrough to Celtic - he has signed a two-year contract, subject to 
Iraq #39;s top Shiite cleric returns home as fighting rages in Najaf Hoping to end weeks of fighting in Najaf, Iraq #39;s top Shiite cleric unexpectedly returned home from Britain on Wednesday armed with a new peace initiative and a call for Iraqis across the country to march on the holy city to demand an 
Gyurcsany named as next Hungarian PM Millionaire businessman Ferenc Gyurcsany has been nominated by Hungary #39;s ruling Socialist Party as the next premier, Kossuth Radio said Wednesday.
Applying the Geneva Convention The veteran guardians of the wall, who are called at all times to rally round the hasbara flag when the enemy once again brings up the anti-Israel canard regarding the application of the 
Pope returns icon to Russia Pope John Paul, aiming to improve ties with Russia #39;s Orthodox Church and possibly pave the way for a papal trip, has sent an icon dear to Russians on its way back to Moscow after nearly a century in the West.
Jones in Long-Jump Final; Johnson Falters (AP) AP - Marion Jones made a quiet debut, drawing a smattering of applause while advancing to the long jump final. Allen Johnson attracted the eyes of the entire Olympic Stadium, for all the wrong reasons.
Oracle says its software gaining on rival SAP San Francisco, December 7: Oracle Corp on Monday said it believes its business software applications, an area that has lagged the rest of the company, are gaining ground against market leader SAP AG of Germany.
Justice Dept. Cracks Down Internet Crime (AP) AP - The FBI seized computers, software and equipment as part of an investigation into illegal sharing of copyrighted movies, music and games over an Internet "peer-to-peer" network, Attorney General John Ashcroft announced Wednesday.
Squirrel Runs Circles Around Yanks, Tribe (AP) AP - This squirrelly newcomer caused quite a stir at Jacobs Field. A brown squirrel ran onto the field in the bottom of the third inning Wednesday night and ran circles around the New York Yankees and Cleveland Indians.
Raymond Advances to Pilot Pen Quarters (AP) AP - Lisa Raymond overcame a loss in the first set and beat Nadia Petrova 3-6, 6-4, 6-4 Wednesday to advance to the quarterfinals of the Pilot Pen tournament.
NZ NGC Says Will End Merger Talks With Other Companies WELLINGTON (Dow Jones)--NGC Holdings Ltd. (NGC.NZ), a New Zealand gas distribution and metering concern, Thursday said it will end ongoing merger discussions with fellow energy companies following a decision 
Harry Potter boosts Pinewood #39;s profits The films Charlie and the Chocolate Factory and the latest Harry Potter helped take Pinewood Shepperton #39;s half-year profits to a record 6.
Shell hit by \$1.5bn oil pollution claim from Nigerian Senate Shell, the beleaguered oil giant, has been asked by Nigeria #39;s Senate to pay \$1.5bn (830m) compensation to communities affected by oil pollution in the country.
Jurassic croc had a deathly bite A rare fossil from the age of the dinosaurs is shedding light on when the modern crocodile first evolved a skull strong enough to keep hold of its prey during the dismembering  #39;death roll #39;.
Sistani to Lead Peace Mission to Embattled Iraq City Iraq #39;s top Shi #39;ite cleric was due to travel to Najaf on Thursday after making a surprise return to the country to try to end bitter fighting creeping ever closer to the city #39;s holiest shrine.
Playboy to open club in Shanghai Playboy Enterprises, the adult entertainment company, has announced plans to open a private members club in Shanghai even though the company #39;s flagship men #39;s magazine is still banned in China.
Firms chosen to build anti-missile defense Teams led by BAE Systems and Northrup Grumman were chosen Wednesday to build and test prototypes for anti-missile systems to defend US commercial planes against shoulder-fired rockets.
NASA Mars Odyssey Begins Overtime After Successfull Mission NASA #39;s Mars Odyssey orbiter begins working overtime today after completing a prime mission that discovered vast supplies of frozen water, ran a safety check for future astronauts, and mapped surface textures and minerals all over Mars, among other feats.
Greek Fani Halkia wins women #39;s 400m hurdles gold Greece #39;s Fani Halkia captured the women #39;s 400m hurdles gold medal before a boisterous home crowd at the Olympic Games in Athens on August 25.
Roundup: Gardner upset in wrestling ATHENS - After suffering a stunning 4-1 overtime loss to Kazakhstan #39;s Georgiy Tsurtsumia in the men #39;s Greco-Roman super heavyweight semifinals, defending champion Rulon Gardner came back to win the bronze medal today by defeating Sajad Barzi of Iran, 3 
SA elect to bat in third one-dayer Dambulla, Sri Lanka - South Africa captain Graeme Smith won the toss and decided to bat in the third one-dayer against Sri Lanka here on Wednesday.
Terrorist shadow over twin disasters Details of the almost simultaneous crashes of two Russian airliners began to emerge yesterday - shocking a public that has become largely inured to terrorism and prompting fears of further attacks.
U.S. Searches Computers, Trying to Disrupt Piracy Federal authorities conducted six searches Wednesday in an attempt to disrupt a network used to trade copies of movies, software, games, and music.
Europe Opens Another Inquiry Involving Microsoft The European Commission has opened an investigation into the planned acquisition of ContentGuard Holdings by Microsoft and Time Warner.
For Graphic Artists, Back to the Barricades This is a big year for protest graphics, one of the oldest art forms in the United States and one that is booming thanks in part to the Internet.
Padres Paste Slumping Mets 4-0 (AP) AP - Brian Lawrence escaped a bases-loaded jam in the first inning and allowed just four hits the rest of the way Wednesday night, pitching the San Diego Padres to a 4-0 victory over the slumping New York Mets.
Lenovo confirms talks with  #39;major #39; IT company China #39;s Lenovo Group is in talks with a major international IT company regarding an acquisition, it said in an announcement to the Hong Kong Stock Exchange on Tuesday.
Packers Sign Former Giants Defensive End (AP) AP - Unable to develop a pass-rusher opposite Kabeer Gbaja-Biamila, the Green Bay Packers signed former New York Giants defensive end Kenny Holmes on Wednesday.
Tigers Squeak by Slumping White Sox 5-4 (AP) AP - Marcus Thames drove in three runs, and Nate Robertson pitched eight strong innings in the Detroit Tigers' 5-4 victory over the slumping Chicago White Sox on Wednesday night.
SCO, BayStar Fight Appears Over (Ziff Davis) Ziff Davis - A SCO spokesman says the company has completed its arranged settlement with its former financial backer without fanfare.
N.H.L. Talks Up World Cup, Not Much Else The league and the players' association met for talks Wednesday, but tried to keep the focus on the World Cup of Hockey.
6 Employees From CACI International, Titan Referred for Prosecution Report alleges interrogators from two firms used methods that were not concurrent with military practice.
China's Revolutionary Tactic: Bailout Despite a country's commitment to marketplace logic, some firms are simply too big and too entangled to be allowed to fold.
For Mutual Funds, First the Slap. Now Comes the Pinch. A year after the mutual fund industry began to clamp down on some abuses, critics say that other questionable practices that cost investors much more remain untouched.
Dude, Where's My Resale Value? Detroits big rebates and interest-free financing deals have strengthened car sales for the last three years. But they have also eroded the resale value of many American automotive brands.
U.S. Wins \$1.9 Million in Back Pay for Janitors The Department of Labor reached a settlement with a contractor for the Target Corporation had not paid overtime to hundreds of immigrant janitors who often worked seven nights a week.
Built for America, Sold (Cheaply) to the World Billions of dollars worth of global telecommunications networks bought or built by United States investors now belong to Chinese, Indian and other non-American companies that have snapped them up for a fraction of their cost.
Update 1: Medical Device Approvals Keep Stocks Up Medical device and drug company stocks closed up Wednesday after being in the spotlight after two device companies reported Food and Drug Administration approvals for products, but shares of Cyberonics Inc.
UPDATE 2-Fed will be flexible, oil hits growth, Guynn says A recent soft spot in US growth will likely prove temporary and should not alter a Federal Reserve plan to gradually raise interest rates, Atlanta Fed Bank President Jack Guynn said on Wednesday.
Reports Show a Mixed View of Economy (AP) AP - Factory orders for costly manufactured goods in July recorded the biggest gain in four months. New-homes sales, meanwhile, slid, according to a pair of reports that offered a mixed picture of economic activity.
Mullin Confident About Warriors' Future (AP) AP - Despite losing his most dependable big man, Chris Mullin believes his offseason moves will help the Golden State Warriors end their long playoff drought.
Ortiz Powers Red Sox Past Blue Jays 11-5 (AP) AP - David Ortiz homered twice and drove in four runs, and Curt Schilling earned his 16th win in the Boston Red Sox's 11-5 victory over the Toronto Blue Jays on Wednesday night.
Clean houses 'may trigger asthma' Parents who keep a clean house may unwittingly be developing asthma in their children, research suggests.
Optus, Vodafone Australia to Share Wireless Network (Correct) SingTel Optus Ltd. and Vodafone Australia will share a high-speed wireless phone network, matching a similar alliance between their main rivals.
Australian Media Giant Posts Earnings Jump Australian media empire Publishing  amp; Broadcasting Ltd. reported Thursday a 75 percent jump in earnings for the fiscal year ending June 30, thanks to a strong economy and a rebound in advertising revenue.
US Searches Computers, Trying to Disrupt Piracy ederal authorities searched computers in six locations yesterday in an attempt to disrupt a network used to trade copies of movies, software, games and music.
Lanka claims \$5m for  #39;cable damages #39; COLOMBO: Sri Lankan authorities tried to seize an Indian ship yesterday and sought \$5 million in damages, accusing it of breaking the undersea fibre optic cable that connects the tropical island #39;s main Internet links to the rest of the world.
Google to Bloggers: Get Your Ad Share Google Inc. is making it easier for Webloggers to earn extra cash, while expanding the reach of its search-based advertising. Its Blogger service this week put out a call to bloggers to share in advertising 
Friendly Audience for Hamm aul Hamm was no longer in Athens last night but instead was on the set of  quot;Late Show With David Letterman quot; carrying his three Olympic medals.
Terror mystery haunts jet disasters Russian authorities struggled last night to explain how two passenger aircraft had apparently blown up simultaneously in midair on Tuesday night, killing all 89 people on board.
Mark Thatcher under house arrest Mark Thatcher remains under house arrest in South Africa after being accused of involvement in an alleged coup in Equatorial Guinea.
Khartoum agrees to bigger peace force The Sudanese government bowed to international pressure yesterday and agreed to allow more foreign troops in the stricken Darfur region.
Racist attacks cast shadow over French liberation celebrations Paris partied to celebrate the 60th anniversary of liberation from Nazi occupation yesterday, but its mayor warned that, faced with a recent surge in racist and anti-semitic attacks, the city needed to recover the courage it had shown in the summer of 1944 
Suspected File-Sharing 'Hubs' Raided After a months-long sting operation, FBI agents raided residences in Texas, Wisconsin and New York, bringing the Justice Department into campaign against illegal downloads. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
E.U. Firm Probes Area Firm's  Ownership A Bethesda company owned by Microsoft Corp. and Time Warner Inc. is the subject of an investigation  into whether the firm's software will give the two media giants a monopoly in copyright protection. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Magazines Use Online Ads  As Selling Point Vogue appears to be at the vanguard of a revived effort by publishers to extend the usefulness of their products online.
Venture Capital's Transparency Trouble   Among the tables, charts and bottom-line numbers in venture capital firm    Grotech Capital Group's  quarterly report to its investors is what Managing General Partner    Frank A. Adams  calls his "heart of hearts," a narrative of his gut feelings about companies that Grotech of Timonium has invested in. The essay includes Adams's candid opinions about the companies' top executives and their chance of succeeding.
Nepal talks hopes KATHMANDU: Nepal #39;s ruling coalition expressed hope yesterday for peace talks to end eight years of war as the capital returned to normal after Maoist rebels who control much of the countryside lifted a blockade.
Speculators driving up oil prices says Kuwait NEW DELHI: Kuwait #39;s foreign minister said yesterday that Middle East oil exporters are producing at maximum capacity to stabilise prices that are being driven up by speculators from outside the region.
 #39;Problems with Musharraf but US needs him #39; WASHINGTON: Highlighting the dilemma facing US policymakers, Vice Chairman of the 9/11 Commission Lee Hamilton has said while US had  quot;problems quot; with Pakistan President Musharraf on issues of terrorism, nuclear proliferation and lack of democracy, it 
Suspected File-Sharing 'Hubs' Raided (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - Federal agents yesterday took their first steps to go after individuals who illegally trade copyrighted music and videos over the Internet, seizing computers, software and related equipment at five homes around the country.
Venture by  Time Warner And Microsoft Unsettles E.U. (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - A Bethesda company owned by Microsoft Corp. and Time Warner Inc. is the subject of a European Union investigation  into whether the company's software will give the two media giants a monopoly in copyright protection.
Giants Overcome Marlins 6-5 in 10 Innings (AP) AP - Rudy Seanez intentionally walked Barry Bonds to load the bases in the 10th inning, then couldn't throw a strike when he tried. Pinch-hitter A.J. Pierzynski walked on four pitches to force in the tiebreaking run, and the San Francisco Giants beat the Florida Marlins 6-5 on Wednesday night.
Indians Squirrel Away 4-3 Win Over Yanks (AP) AP - Coco Crisp caused more commotion than a runaway squirrel, diving headfirst for a go-ahead bunt single in the eighth inning that sent Cleveland over the New York Yankees 4-3 Wednesday night, ending the Indians' nine-game losing streak.
Cards Score in Ninth to Top Reds 6-5 (AP) AP - Albert Pujols and Jim Edmonds hit two-runs homers, and pinch-runner Reggie Sanders scored the go-ahead run in the ninth inning on Joe Valentine's wild pitch to lead the St. Louis Cardinals over the Cincinnati Reds 6-5 Wednesday night.
Oldest Panda Raised in Captivity Dies (AP) AP - The oldest panda raised in captivity has died at an eastern China zoo at the age of 33, the official Xinhua News Agency reported Wednesday.
Canada Beats U.S. 3-1 in Cup Hockey (AP) AP - Vincent Lecavalier, Joe Sakic and Brad Richards scored in the second period to lead Canada to a 3-1 over the United States in a World Cup of Hockey exhibition game Wednesday night.
Asian Stocks Up on Outlook, Lower Oil  SINGAPORE (Reuters) - Asian shares vaulted ahead on  Thursday as lower oil prices and strong trade data in Japan  boosted investor confidence that global economic growth could  be sustained.
2 Companies Get Contracts to Protect Jets Teams led by BAE Systems and the Northrop Grumman Corporation were chosen Wednesday to build and test prototypes for antimissile systems to defend commercial planes against shoulder-fired rockets.
Boeing lands Singapore order Boeing regained some ground in its battle with Airbus yesterday when it won a \$7.35billion order from Singapore Airlines for 31 aircraft.
For Mutual Funds, First the Slap. Now Comes the Pinch. oxes of documents, many bearing the names of well-known mutual fund companies, line the halls of Eliot Spitzer #39;s offices in downtown Manhattan.
Australia  amp; New Zealand Don Huse, chief executive of Auckland International Airport Ltd., speaks on a teleconference from Auckland about the company #39;s fiscal full-year profit reported today.
UPDATE 1-Cirrus Logic cuts 7 percent of staff Cirrus Logic Inc. (CRUS.O: Quote, Profile, Research) , a maker of microchips for consumer electronics and other applications, on Wednesday said it had cut its work force by 
Sprint Signs Cable VoIP Partnership with Mediacom Sprint will provide an outsourced VoIP telephone service to Mediacom Communications, the eighth largest cable operator in the US serving 2.7 million homes in 23 states.
The Atlanta Journal-Constitution Athens, Greece -- Debbie Ferguson carried the blue and yellow Bahamian flag during the parade of nations in the Olympic opening ceremony, then stood proudly Wednesday night as it flew in Olympic Stadium to honor her bronze medal in the 200 meters.
Sudanese Official Asserts African Peacekeepers Aren #39;t Needed A top Sudanese official said Wednesday that his country did not need African Union peacekeepers to protect civilians in its troubled western Darfur region but 
Premier Yu makes rare stopover in Japan Premier Yu Shyi-kun yesterday made a rare stopover on Japanese soil, thanks to Typhoon Aere, prompting  quot;grave concern quot; from China over the unexpected trip #39;s diplomatic overtones.
New York bans rally against Bush New York bans a huge rally against President Bush before the Republican Convention on environmental grounds.
Abuses at Prison Tied to Officers in Intelligence A high-level Army investigation has found that military intelligence interrogators played a major role in the abuse of Iraqi prisoners.
Scandal Forces Interrogators to Explain Military and civilian interrogators in Iraq who have long relied on the element of surprise and fear of the unknown find themselves having to explain their methods.
Thatcher's Son Charged in Coup Plot The son of former British prime minister Margaret Thatcher, an ex-race car driver whose business career has been dogged by accusations of questionable arms deals and shady ventures, was charged Wednesday with helping finance a foiled coup plot in oil-rich Equatorial Guinea.
Venture by Time Warner And Microsoft Unsettles EU A Bethesda company owned by Microsoft Corp. and Time Warner Inc. is the subject of a European Union investigation into whether the company #39;s software will give the two media giants a monopoly in copyright protection.
Motorola, DoCoMo to make 3G phones for business use TOKYO: Motorola and NTT DoCoMo, Japan #39;s top mobile phone operator, said yesterday they would jointly develop third-generation (3G) handsets, giving Motorola a way into a market largely out of reach for foreign manufacturers.
Suspected File-Sharing  #39;Hubs #39; Raided Federal agents yesterday took their first steps to go after individuals who illegally trade copyrighted music and videos over the Internet, seizing computers, software and related equipment at five homes around the country.
Use of hot wafers #39; are one step closer to becoming reality One of the last frontiers of semiconductor technology -- environments where electronic devices have to run at high power, in fierce heat or at lethal doses of radiation -- may be about to fall.
Aussies to take on Dutch in hockey finals Defending champions Netherlands will meet Australia in the finals of the men #39;s hockey event at the Athens Olympic Games. While Australia beat Spain, Netherlands got the better of Germany to qualify for the finals.
McDonald #39;s salads break Olympic record US fastfood giant McDonald #39;s says that sales at its three restaurants around Olympic venues in Greece have so far exceeded its expectations, according to CRIENGLISH.
* Hopes rise for end to bloody conflict Grand Ayatollah Ali al-Sistani, the most senior Shia cleric in Iraq, unexpectedly returned to his homeland yesterday after nearly three weeks overseas during which anarchy has rapidly taken hold.
Village missing after landslide A landslide triggered by Typhoon Aere buried a mountain village in northern Taiwan yesterday, with the fate of at least 20 residents unknown, the government #39;s disaster relief center said.
New polio outbreak adds to woes of Sudanese refugees Polio, which can paralyze small children, has become the latest threat to refugees already struggling with famine and disease in the camps of Darfur.
Human gland evolved from gills The human parathyroid gland, which regulates calcium levels, probably evolved from fish gills, say researchers.
Hubble spots 'youngest galaxy' The Hubble Space Telescope has spotted what may be the youngest galaxy ever seen in the Universe.
Sky count to track orang numbers Helicopters flights are used to count endangered orang-utans in the Malaysian state of Sabah on Borneo.
89 dead in twin Russian plane crashes, terror probed (AFP) AFP - Russia observed a day of mourning for the 89 people killed when two Russian passenger jets crashed almost simultaneously hundreds of miles apart after taking off from the same Moscow airport, raising new fears of terrorist attacks.
NL Wrap: Patterson Homer Keeps Cubs in NL Wildcard Lead  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Corey Patterson clubbed a two-run  homer in the bottom of the ninth inning to give the Chicago  Cubs a 4-2 win over the Milwaukee Brewers in the National  League (NL) Wednesday.
Indians Squirrel Away 4-3 Win Over Yanks CLEVELAND - Coco Crisp caused more commotion than a runaway squirrel, diving headfirst for a go-ahead bunt single in the eighth inning that sent Cleveland over the New York Yankees 4-3 Wednesday night, ending the Indians' nine-game losing streak.    The Indians rallied for two runs in the eighth, providing an entertaining end to the 30,605 fans who spent much of the evening cheering for a squirrel...
Charges Possible for Dave Matthews Band CHICAGO - Authorities were considering criminal charges Wednesday against the Dave Matthews Band and one of its tour bus drivers for allegedly dumping human waste from a bus into the Chicago River, dousing a tour boat filled with passengers.    The announcement came a day after the state sued the band and driver Stefan Wohl, accusing them of violating state water pollution and public nuisance laws...
UPDATE 1-Potlatch to sell \$457.5 mln in assets to Ainsworth Forest products company Potlatch Corp. (PCH.N: Quote, Profile, Research) said on Wednesday it agreed to sell certain plants and assets to Canada-based Ainsworth Lumber Co.
Update 4: Tokyo Stocks Rise, Dollar Up Against Yen Tokyo stocks rose Thursday morning, following earlier gains by US shares on Wall Street. The dollar was up against the Japanese yen.
Microsoft Dismisses British Objections to Anti-Linux Ad Microsoft sources said Wednesday that a British regulatory agency #39;s objections to an anti-Linux advertisement published as part of its controversial  quot;Get the Facts quot; campaign are moot because the ad is no longer running.
COURT HEARING Abuse Judge May Give Immunity for Testimony by &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The judge in the Abu Ghraib prison abuse case said Tuesday that he might award immunity from prosecution in exchange for the testimony of several senior military 
Twins Make Short Work of Rangers (AP) AP - Minnesota didn't hit Texas starter Ryan Drese very hard, the Twins just hit him a lot in an 8-5 victory Wednesday night.
Indian state govt under cloud as deadly riots probed (AFP) AFP - Police and officials in Gujarat are slowly starting to reveal how Hindu nationalists ruling the western Indian state either turned a blind eye or deliberately inflamed deadly Hindu-Muslim riots in 2002.
Campaigning Bush plays up US diplomacy (AFP) AFP - Amid wilting election-year support for the military campaign in Iraq, US President George W. Bush is distancing himself from the go-it-alone "war president" image he once embraced with relish.
Motorcycle Bomb Wounds 23 in Southern Thailand  BANGKOK (Reuters) - A bomb hidden in a motorcycle wounded  at least 23 people in Thailand's mainly Muslim south on  Thursday, a day ahead of a visit to the restive region by Prime  Minister Thaksin Shinawatra.
Practice Makes Credit According to a Washington Post survey, nearly three dozen of the 117 Division I-A universities award academic credit to varsity athletes for participating in intercollegiate sports.
Fans Irked Over Seats The addition of 4,000 seats to the lower bowl at FedEx Field sparked a slew of complaints from ticket holders who feel they were misled.
Global  Crossing  Case May Be Ending Three former Global Crossing Ltd. officials, including former chairman Gary Winnick, have reached a tentative settlement with securities regulators over an alleged failure to disclose information about the telecommunications company's swap transactions, according to two sources briefed on the deal.
49ers Sign Peterson All-pro linebacker Julian Peterson ended his holdout Wednesday and signed a one-year contract with the San Francisco 49ers.
Eskandarian Hurts Ankle United goals-scored co-leader Alecko Eskandarian injured his left ankle in practice Wednesday and is questionable for Saturday's match at New England.
NASA Says Shuttle Is on Track for  May Flight Despite the plans, designers acknowledged "setbacks" in devising onboard techniques to repair the thermal insulation on the underside of the spacecraft.
Ex-Enron Investor Liaison Pleads Guilty Enron Corp. #39;s former investor relations chief pleaded guilty yesterday to one count of aiding and abetting securities fraud and agreed to help prosecutors with their ongoing probe of the energy company #39;s leaders.
Ainsworth Lumber to pay \$457.5 million US for three US wood panel &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; VANCOUVER (CP) - Ainsworth Lumber Co. has agreed to pay \$457.5 million US to buy three wood-panel manufacturing plants and a related power plant in Minnesota from Potlatch Corp.
Nikkei rises; exporters and banks gain TOKYO (CBS.MW) - Japanese stock indexes rose by midmorning Thursday as exporters and banks led gains following the strong performance of their US counterparts, as well as the fourth session of falling oil prices in New York.
Extreme microchips take the heat Japanese scientists say they have tackled one of the last frontiers of semiconductor technology, environments where electronic devices have to run at high power, in fierce heat or at lethal doses of radiation.
Two Russian planes crash, terrorism investigated While the near-simultaneous crash of two Russian aircraft is undoubtedly a terrible coincidence, authorities there are saying no proof has emerged yet to show this was terrorism.
Police, protesters clash in Bangladesh strike Police used batons to beat back hundreds of protesters as an opposition-led general strike brought Bangladesh to a standstill yesterday for the second day.
Karzai in touch with Taliban Afghan President Hamid Karzai said he has been in touch with a senior Taliban official ahead of crucial polls in Afghanistan and will meet him  quot;soon, quot; Pakistani newspapers reported yesterday.
Internet Gives Teenage Bullies Weapons to Wound From Afar For teenagers, online harassment has become a part of life, but many schools and parents have only just become aware of it.
Iraq's Sistani Begins Journey to Najaf-Witnesses (Reuters) Reuters - Iraq's top Shi'ite cleric headed\for Najaf on Thursday to try to get rebels inside a holy shrine\to leave and bring an end to three weeks of bloody fighting\that has killed hundreds.
Dollar Recoups Losses But Stuck in Range (Reuters) Reuters - The dollar recouped earlier losses\against the yen on Thursday, but currencies shuttled in narrow\ranges as investors awaited direction from U.S. growth data and\comments from Federal Reserve chief Alan Greenspan.
Warner to Start Against the Jets Kurt Warner will start Friday night, but both Giants quarterbacks will play on the starting offense, which is expected to play until the middle of the third quarter.
Labor Department Wins \$1.9 Million in Back Pay for Janitors A contractor for the Target Corporation had not paid overtime to hundreds of immigrants who often worked seven nights a week.
Oil Below \$45 as Gasoline Prices Slide Oil prices were dragged down today by heavy losses on U.S. gasoline as summer driving demand failed to meet expectations.
Ayatollah Calls for Rally to End Fighting in Najaf Grand Ayatollah Ali al-Sistani plans to lead a march to the shrine in Najaf that has been commandeered by rebel Mahdi fighters.
Home Depot to Pay \$5.5 Mln in Case  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Home Depot Inc., the world's largest  home improvement retailer, agreed to pay \$5.5 million to settle  discrimination claims brought by some workers at its Colorado  stores, the U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity Commission (EEOC)  said on Wednesday.
Singapore Air plans to buy 18 Boeing 777s Singapore Airlines Ltd, Asia #39;s most profitable carrier, may use new Boeing Co planes to try to win long-haul passengers from Emirates and Cathay Pacific Airways 
Burswood packs \$44.9m punch CASINO operator Burswood has posted a better than expected net profit of \$44.9 million for its final year before it is swallowed by Kerry Packer #39;s media and gaming giant Publishing  amp; Broadcasting Ltd.
Orders for durable goods sizzle in July US factories posted their biggest gain in four months on orders for costly manufactured goods, but new-homes sales slid, according to a pair of reports offering a mixed picture of economic activity in July.
Australian Gas Light to sell NZ business The Australian Gas Light Co. , the countrys biggest power retailer, reported a jump of 18.5 percent in annual profit on Thursday and announced plans to sell its US\$569 million stake in a New Zealand gas distributor to fund future growth.
Fed raid pounces on equipment for digital piracy Continuing a crackdown on digital piracy, federal agents on Wednesday raided five locations housing equipment used by elite hackers to exchange unauthorized copies of blockbuster films and popular music.
The Atlanta Journal-Constitution Athens, Greece -- Rulon Gardner unlaced his size 13 shoes, yanked them off and placed them on the mat. The big galoot, as friendly and unassuming as any Olympian could be, recalled how he would sit on the floor as a kid and pull on his sneakers.
Austrian Allen wins women #39;s triathlon gold : Olympics 2004 Athens  gt; Athens, Aug 25 : Kate Allen of Austria Wednesday pulled off an upset win in the women #39;s triathlon at the Olympic Games, reports Xinhua.
Cloud of doubt cast over Halkia #39;s feel-good win Wednesday night in the Olympic Stadium, a 25-year-old Greek woman named Fani Halkia won the gold medal in the 400-meter hurdles as more than 60,000 fans, many of them flag-waving countrymen, went wild.
Man U bid for teenage star Rooney Manchester United have made a bid for Everton #39;s star striker Wayne Rooney, the club said yesterday. United didn #39;t say how much the offer was worth, but it was believed to be around 20 million 
With Pieces in Place, the Yankees Slip Up The pieces had fallen into place perfectly for the Yankees. Orlando Hernndez, who had not only been a perfect 5-0 for the team, but also good enough that the Yankees were 
US Wins \$1.9 Million in Back Pay for Janitors he United States Department of Labor announced yesterday that it had reached a \$1.9 million settlement with a contractor for the Target Corporation after finding that the contractor had 
Michael Stores Earnings Rise, Shares Fall Michaels Stores Inc., the world #39;s largest arts and crafts retailer, on Wednesday reported second-quarter net income rose 10 percent but warned future results may not be as strong as previously expected.
Toyota Central Develop Ultra High Quality Silicon Carbide Single &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Mr. Daisuke Nakamura and colleagues in Toyota Central R amp;D Labs, Inc. developed ultrahigh-quality silicon carbide single crystals which has fewer dislocation density by two to three orders magnitude than the 
Linux 10 times more expensive? Get the facts, watchdog tells &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Microsoft recently launched a  #39;Get the Facts #39; ad campaign telling consumers Linux isn #39;t cheaper than Windows. The Advertising Standards Authority (ASA) thinks they should get the facts too - but it #39;s warned Microsoft to make sure theirs straight first.
Sprint, Mediacom Announce VOIP Deal Sprint Corp. and cable television provider Mediacom Communications Corp. announced an agreement Wednesday that will allow Sprint to offer Internet telephone service to Mediacom #39;s 2.7 million household subscribers.
Australia-Pak Match Abandoned, India Out Of Tri-Series Amstelveen (Netherlands), August 25 (NNN):Indias hopes of making it to the in the Videocon Dutch cricket tri-series final were dashed after the third and last league match between Australia and Pakistan was abandoned in Amstelveen on Wednesday without 
Sudan says rebels continuing attacks despite peace talks; Straw &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Sudan #39;s interior minister said Tuesday that a cease-fire with rebel factions in the Darfur region was violated twice on the opening day of peace talks that aim to bring an end to the crisis.
Paris Marks Liberation Mindful of Collaboration With solemn commemorations, a ceremonial flag-raising at the Eiffel Tower and columns of 1940s-era tanks and army jeeps, Parisians on Wednesday marked the 60th anniversary 
Typhoon Aere Strikes Eastern China Hundreds of thousands of people fled China #39;s eastern coast as Typhoon Aere hit the mainland after battering Taiwan. Aere came ashore in Fujian province, south of Shanghai, late Wednesday afternoon.
Old computers: An IT department liability that's costing more More and more resellers of used computer equipment are charging to erase data that may still be left on hard drives.
GAO: Legacy systems hamper Army reservists' pay The war in Iraq has pushed aging U.S. Army payroll systems past their breaking point, leading to widespread payroll problems for reservists, according to a U.S. Government Accountability Office report.
Sistani Urges Supporters to Wait at Najaf Gates (Reuters) Reuters - Iraq's top Shi'ite cleric Grand\Ayatollah Ali al-Sistani urged his supporters converging on
EC Investigates Microsoft, Time Warner Deal Time Warner and Microsoft see the acquisition of ContentGuard as a way of obtaining a stronger foothold in the increasingly important digital-rights management market.
Singapore not ready to buy 7E7 In what could prove to be a setback for The Boeing Co. #39;s expectations that it will win upwards of 200 orders this year for its 7E7, Singapore Airlines said yesterday that it is not ready to order the new super-efficient jet.
Storms, wind damage Eaton County high school A Wednesday evening storm damaged a high school near Vermontville, the National Weather Service said. No injuries were reported in the incident at Maple Valley High School.
IMF: GDP to grow 9 percent this year, 7.5 percent next year China #39;s real gross domestic product (GDP) is projected to average around 9 percent in 2004 andto slow to about 7.5 percent in 2005, the International Monetary Fund (IMF) said Wednesday.
Potlatch to sell Minnesota strand board operation SPOKANE, Wash. -- Potlatch Corp. said Wednesday it has agreed to sell its Minnesota oriented strand board plants and related assets to a British Columbia company for \$457.
Australian Gas Light: Likely Outright Buyer For NGC -2- SYDNEY (Dow Jones)--Australian Gas Light Co. (AGL.AU) said Thursday that it will most likely sell its 66 stake in New Zealand #39;s NGC Holdings Ltd.
Mediacom will offer Sprint service Mediacom customers in the Quad-Cities soon will be able to add home telephone service to the television subscription and high-speed Internet services already available from the company.
Gardner: Mat #39;s all, folks: Champ retires with a bronze Shortly after he had been declared the winner in his bout against Iran #39;s Sajad Barzi last night, Rulon Gardner returned to the mat at the Ano Liossia Olympic Hall, sat down, and quietly removed his shoes.
Israelis rejoice in golden Olympic moment GLYFADA, Greece - When the first notes of the national anthem of Israel pierced the night air, years of yearning came pouring out of Israelis at the Olympic Sailing Centre.
Kookaburras beat Spain to reach men #39;s final Australia beat Spain 6-3 this morning to win a place in the Olympic men #39;s hockey final. The Kookaburras will play the Netherlands, the defending champions, in the final on Friday.
Ode to ancient Games, nudity and all THE OLYMPICS may have returned to the land of their birth, but even as these games wind down, the stadiums in Athens remain eerily empty.
Danish players call off strike Danish footballers have suspended a week-long strike, called to protest against FIFA transfer rules, allowing next weekend #39;s games to go ahead.
Hernndez Moving Up on Yanks #39; Depth Chart In the spring, when Orlando Hernndez was signed by the Yankees after missing the 2003 season, it was an insurance policy for the already deep pitching staff.
NL Wrap: Patterson #39;s Homer Keeps Cubs in NL Wildcard Lead Corey Patterson clubbed a two-run homer in the bottom of the ninth inning to give the Chicago Cubs a 4-2 win over the Milwaukee Brewers in the National League (NL) Wednesday.
Pakistan denies blame for Afghan violence Pakistan #39;s UN ambassador fired back at allegations that his country was aiding Taliban and other elements trying to undermine neighbouring Afghanistan and its presidential election.
Landslide Kills 15 in Taiwan After Typhoon  TAIPEI (Reuters) - At least 15 people were killed when a  landslide triggered by a fierce typhoon buried a mountain  village in Taiwan, and rescue workers were digging through  rubble on Thursday to see if there were any more victims.
Top grades rising again for GCSEs GCSE results have shown the biggest increase in top grades since 1999, with girls still out-performing boys.
Crisp Sparks Indians Coco Crisp's hustling RBI bunt single in the eighth inning pushed the Indians past the Yankees, 4-3, on Wednesday night, ending Cleveland's nine-game losing streak.
FOXSports.com Posted: 3 minutes ago Could Ricky Williams be rethinking his retirement from the NFL? According to a report in the South Florida Sun-Sentinel the ex-running back has  quot;reached out quot; to Dolphins coach Dave Wannstedt and is contemplating a return to the NFL.
Srichaphan into last eight Defending champion Paradorn Srichaphan battled past Wayne Ferreira to reach the TD Waterhouse Cup quarter-finals. The duo both broke serve in the first set, which fourth seed Srichaphan won on a tie-break, and 
Microsoft Dismisses British Objections to Anti-Linux Ad (Ziff Davis) Ziff Davis - Microsoft sources claim a British regulatory agency's objections to an anti-Linux print advertisement are moot because the ad hasn't run in any UK publications since May.
TCS debuts, becomes No. 3 company in India Born in 1968, Tata Consultancy Services Ltd (TCS) finally listed on the Indian bourses on Wednesday. After the first day of trading, TCS #39;s share price closed at Rs 987.
Agencies swoop on cybercrime US enforcement agencies have arrested or charged dozens of people with crimes related to junk e-mail, identity theft and other online scams in recent weeks, according to several people involved in the actions.
Tech firms craft alternative to anti-piracy bill Internet service providers and other technology firms are proposing to soften a bill in Congress that they claim will make them targets of frivolous entertainment industry copyright lawsuits.
Israeli surfs in for historic gold Gal Fridman closed his eyes and enjoyed a sweet sound never before heard at an Olympic Games -he strains of Israel #39;s national anthem playing in honor of the winner of a gold medal.
Campbell takes gold ATHENS - Jamaican Veronica Campbell became the first Jamaican and Caribbean woman ever to win an Olympic sprint gold when she captured the 200 metres at the 2004 Athens Olympics yesterday.
Rain washes out Aussie-Pakistan match Amstelveen, The Netherlands - Rain forced the triangular series match between Australia and Pakistan to be abandoned without a ball being bowled on Wednesday.
Sistani Urges Supporters to Wait at Najaf Gates Iraq #39;s top Shi #39;ite cleric Grand Ayatollah Ali al-Sistani urged his supporters converging on Najaf on Thursday not to enter the battered holy city until he arrived, a senior aide said.
Coup Plot: Thatcher #39;s Son Charged Mark Thatcher, the son of the former United Kingdom prime minister, was arraigned in court yesterday following his arrest over an alleged coup attempt in Equatorial Guinea.
UN finds lack of progress over Darfur THE UN special envoy to Sudan said yesterday that Khartoum had made  quot;hardly any progress quot; in responding to Security Council demands on Darfur.
Oppn closes ranks in B #39;desh DHAKA: Life in Bangladesh was paralysed for the second day today follow- ing the opposition-sponsored general strike, even as the govern- ment announced an investigation into the death threat against Awami League leader Sheikh Hasina Wajed allegedly 
Gardner leaves shoes, storied career on mat When it was all over, Rulon Gardner sat on the mat and removed his size-13 Asics wrestling shoes. Wiggling his nine toes and fighting back tears, he walked away from the sport that made him an unlikely celebrity.
Report: Williams Considers Possible Return To Miami Miami, FL -- Ricky Williams, who shocked the football world when he announced his retirement at the age of 27, has made inklings to Miami Dolphins head coach Dave Wannstedt about returning to the club.
Tech Firms Seek to Soften Anti-Piracy Bill (AP) AP - Internet service providers and other technology firms are proposing to soften a bill in Congress that they claim will make them targets of frivolous entertainment industry copyright lawsuits.
1,400 dead or missing in Philippine storms Stranded passengers from the devastated towns of Real and Infanta rush to board an outrigger boat December 6. Food and water shortage forced residents to flee to other province and Manila as roads to Real and other towns destroyed by flash floods and 
Bomb explodes in north-east India At least two people are killed and more than 30 injured in a bomb explosion in the north-east Indian state of Assam.
SEC Sues JB Oxford in Fund Trading The Securities and Exchange Commission filed a lawsuit on Wednesday against the brokerage firm JB Oxford Holdings and its National Clearing Corporation unit, accusing them of improper mutual fund trading.
Tata to meet Bangla officials for projects Tata group chairman Ratan Tata today said he would visit Bangladesh next month to discuss with government representatives the groups plan to invest \$2 billion to set up steel, power and fertiliser plants in the country.
New-Home Sales Fall; Durable Goods Rise New-home sales showed signs of buckling under the weight of higher interest rates, and orders for durable goods rose more than expected in July, two government reports showed Wednesday.
Washington Post #39;s Managing Editor to Quit So He Can Write teve Coll, the managing editor of The Washington Post for the last six years and the apparent front-runner to succeed the newspaper #39;s top editor, announced abruptly yesterday that he would 
After upset, Halkia must hurdle skeptics In another era, say as far back as the pre-BALCO days, it would have been a wonderful moment. The host country #39;s new hero, a rising star, sets an Olympic 
They #39;re simply  #39;amazing #39; ARSENAL manager Arsene Wenger hailed his side #39;s record unbeaten run as  quot;amazing quot; and then demanded they never let their guard drop.
Edwards goes from worst to first at Bristol Bristol, TN (Sports Network) - Carl Edwards elected to go to the back of the field after spinning during qualifying, but it didn #39;t hurt his chances of victory as he drove all the way to the front and captured Wednesday night #39;s O #39;Reilly 200 Craftsman Truck 
Ricky Williams Contacts Dolphins (AP) AP - Retired running back Ricky Williams says he contacted the Miami Dolphins this week at the request of his agent but has no plans to rejoin the team anytime soon.
Russia Mourns Dead in Air Crash, Questions Cause (Reuters) Reuters - Russia on Thursday observed a\day of mourning for at least 89 people who died in a mysterious\double air disaster, which some fear could have been a\terrorist attack ahead of a key election in rebel Chechnya.
Australia Risks Asian Ire with Long-Range Missiles (Reuters) Reuters - Australia plans to create what it\believes will be the most lethal force of fighter jets in\Southeast Asia by equipping its aircraft with long-range\missiles in a move critics said could antagonize neighbors.
N. Korea Nukes May Not Be Resolved Soon (AP) AP - Chirping birds no longer compete for attention with speakers blaring North Korean propaganda across its border with South Korea, and the view across the verdant landscape of the Demilitarized Zone is now uninterrupted by billboards that once boasted "Our General is No. 1!"
Angels Crush Royals 21-6 (AP) AP - Jeff DaVanon became the first Angels player in 13 years to hit for the cycle and drove in four runs, leading Anaheim to a 21-6 victory Wednesday night that completed a seven-game season sweep of the Kansas City Royals.
Little-known Islamic group claims Bangladesh rally attack: newspaper (AFP) AFP - A Bangladeshi newspaper said a little known Islamic group had claimed responsibility for trying to kill party leader Sheikh Hasina Wajed in a deadly weekend grenade attack at a party rally.
Canadians Confirm Talks on Bank Deal The Toronto-Dominion Bank confirmed on Wednesday that it was negotiating to buy all or part of the Banknorth Group, which has branches in five New England states and upstate New York.
First Reserve to Buy Ingersoll-Rand Unit for \$1.2 Bln (Update1) First Reserve Corp., the largest private buyout firm specializing in energy-industry investments, agreed to buy a unit from Ingersoll-Rand Co.
UPDATE 2-Australian PaperlinX profit slides, but shares gain PaperlinX Ltd. (PPX.AX: Quote, Profile, Research) , Australia #39;s biggest paper maker, said on Thursday its annual net profit fell 18 percent, battered by weak European 
Durable-goods orders up; new-home sales down WASHINGTON - Factory orders for costly manufactured goods in July recorded the biggest gain in four months. Meanwhile, new-home sales slid, according to a pair of reports that offered a mixed picture of economic activity.
Enron tapes: High-powered hi-jinks SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW) -- Senator Maria Cantwell, D-Wash., seeking federal compensation for market manipulation during the West #39;s 2000-2001 energy crisis, released two Enron tapes Wednesday that open old wounds in the region.
IBM, HP take top spots for in Gartner report SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW) -- The latest results on the server market from research firm Gartner show IBM and Hewlett-Packard dueling for the top spots in terms of revenue and shipments.
Shareholders Let Bonuses Stand Computer Associates International #39;s shareholders defeated a proposal yesterday that could have forced senior executives to give back performance-based bonuses.
Tech Briefs The United Kingdom #39;s Advertising Standards Authority, a self-regulating agency for the advertising industry, upheld complaints alleging that a Microsoft Corp.
RealNetworks to offer paid online content NEW YORK -- RealNetworks Inc. survived the dot-com collapse and an assault from Microsoft Corp. Now it #39;s trying to remake itself into a provider of paid Internet content.
Robot rescuer for Hubble? NEW YORK The American space agency is becoming increasingly optimistic that the failing Hubble Space Telescope can be revived and rejuvenated by a robot rescuer.
Determined Jones jumps into finals The spotlight returned to Marion Jones last night, dimmer but harsher than four years ago. The warming glow is gone, the celebrity tarnished by 
Accepting the silver would make Hamm golden HE PULLED OFF an amazing feat at the Olympics last week, overcoming a stumble to become the first US man to win the gymnastics all-around gold medal.
Angels #39; Jeff DaVanon hits for the cycle Jeff DaVanon became the fourth player in Anaheim Angels history -nd first in more than 13 years  -hit for the cycle, accomplishing the feat Wednesday night against the Kansas City Royals.
Williams contacts Dolphins but says he #39;s headed for India Retired running back Ricky Williams says he contacted the Miami Dolphins this week at the request of his agent but has no plans to rejoin the team anytime soon.
Dominating Dirrell dispatches Despaigne Leon Lawson was watching over Andre Dirrell #39;s shoulder last night, literally and figuratively, as the US middleweight tried to box his way into the medal rounds at the Olympic Games.
Thatcher #39;s son denies role in coup attempt JOHANNESBURG, SOUTH AFRICA - The son of Margaret Thatcher, the former British prime minister, was arrested Wednesday by South African police and charged with illegally helping to finance a failed coup in March against Equatorial Guinea #39;s authoritarian 
Aid workers get more access to Darfur Sudan has eased access to its troubled Darfur region for relief workers and supplies but hasn #39;t disbanded the marauding militia that caused 1.5 million people to flee their homes 
Zimbabwean Opposition to boycott election The Movement for Democratic Change (MDC) is calling on the Government to introduce electoral reform. The MDC says it will not take part in Zimbabwe #39;s 2005 general election because the poll will not be free and fair.
Australia to buy long range missiles for air force The Australian government announced on Thursday a project worth 350-450 million dollars (245-315 million US dollars) to equip air force aircraft with long range missiles capable of destroying land and sea targets.
DaVanon hits for cycle On a ridiculous night of achievement for the Angels #39; offense, Jeff DaVanon somehow managed to stand out. The outfielder doubled in the third inning of Wednesday night #39;s 
Mugabe Higher Than Tsvangirai In Zimbabwe (CPOD) Aug. 26, 2004 - Adults in Zimbabwe are divided over the performance of Robert Mugabe, according to the Afrobarometer conducted by the Institute for Democracy in South Africa, Ghanas Centre for 
Abbas, Assad Pledge Consultations, Future Coordination PLO &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Palestine Liberation Organization (PLO) Chairman Mahmoud Abbas held talks with Syrian President Bashar Assad on the first official Palestinian visit to Syria since 1996 and said that inter-Palestinian dialogue has started and will continue internally 
China Hints Row with Singapore Over, Warns Japan  BEIJING (Reuters) - China signaled on Thursday its row with  Singapore over a visit by Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong to  Taiwan last month may have blown over, but warned Japan over an  unscheduled stop by Taiwan's premier blamed on a typhoon.
Eyetech Pins Its Hopes (and Shares) on New Drug An experimental eye disease drug has been a boon to Eyetech Pharmaceuticals. But as the drug nears approval, many doctors are questioning its effectiveness.
Drop in Oil Nudges Shares Higher on a Quiet Trading Day Stocks rallied in quiet trading, as oil prices fell for a fourth consecutive day and a pair of government reports gave a mixed picture of the economy.
Tabcorp Second-Half Profit Rises 28 on Jupiters Acquisition Tabcorp Holdings Ltd. #39;s second-half net profit rose 28 percent on increased betting on horse races and slot machines, and after extracting more savings from last year #39;s A\$1.
Traders who had bet on a rise are bailing out Crude oil and gasoline prices fell Wednesday as speculators seemed to lose hope that futures prices would continue ever upward. Crude oil dropped \$1.
Microsoft #39;s MOM goes out the door Microsoft #39;s main Windows server administration console is slated for release by the beginning of October and will be in a planned management suite next year.
Sound of success: Israel strikes gold For many Israelis, the Olympics evoke memories of a terrorist massacre and political boycotts, but windsurfer 
Agony and ecstasy in women #39;s triathlon There was the Aussie leading the race. There was the American with the Aussie-themed daughter named Sydney hanging tough in second.
United wait for Everton response on Rooney bid MANCHESTER United last night confirmed they have made a bid for Everton striker Wayne Rooney. The offer is believed to be 20m, which would match Newcastle #39;s bid for the 18-year-old England striker.
An American Fights, and Wins, to Make His Grandfather Happy From the center of the ring, Andre Dirrell heard voices screaming at his back, warning him to circle away from the boxer closing in.
National League Roundup: Marlins rout Giants, 9-1 The Florida Marlins started a big series against the San Francisco Giants with a big inning. Alex Gonzalez hit a three-run homer to cap a seven-run first inning, and Mike Lowell drove 
Mariners Notebook: Madritsch reaches out Bobby Madritsch never lived on a reservation, but every time he sets foot on one, it feels a bit like home. When the Mariners right-hander showed up on the Tulalip reservation yesterday to speak to children 
Indonesian cleric faces charges Indonesian police have passed on to prosecutors their investigative file on militant cleric Abu Bakar Ba #39;asyir - a first step to getting him into court.
Oil price plunges to less than \$44 US NEW YORKOil prices fell nearly \$2 (US) a barrel yesterday, dragged down by heavy losses in gasoline futures after summer driving demand in the United States failed to meet expectations.
Currency Flexibility Is in China #39;s Best Interest, IMF Says Greater flexibility in China #39;s exchange rate is in the nation #39;s best interest to help the central bank better manage the effects of inflation and should be pursued without undue delay 
Windows XP SP2 update installation not an easy ride Citadel Security Software Inc., a security management and policy enforcement solutions provider, said its automated vulnerability remediation (AVR) solution, Hercules, is designed to assist with managing the rollout of Microsofts XP Service Pack 2 update 
FBI makes file-sharing roundup WASHINGTON - The FBI seized computers, software and equipment, including items at a Houston-area home in Bellaire, as part of an investigation into illegal sharing of copyright movies, music and games over an Internet peer-to-peer network, Attorney 
Price cuts boost Real sales One week after the announcement of significant price reductions, the Real Networks is already able to show impressive results. Since they began selling music for US\$0.
Italy prepared to pull troops out of Iraq if Baghdad government asks: FM (AFP) AFP - Italy is prepared to pull its troops out of Iraq if the interim government in Baghdad requests it, Foreign Minister Franco Frattini said on the Al-Jazeera television news channel.
Japan's trade surplus jumps 44.2 percent in July on Asian demand (AFP) AFP - Japan's trade surplus in July rose a sharper-than-expected 44.2 percent on the back of record Asia-bound exports but some economists warned exports may slow later this year as China's economy cools.
Mitsubishi Motors to scale back ties with DaimlerChrysler (AFP) AFP - Troubled Japanese automaker Mitsubishi Motors Corp. has decided to reduce the scope of its business cooperation with DaimlerChrysler AG.
Parties Seek Advantage in Vietnam Debate (AP) AP - The events may be 35 years old, but the heated discussion hasn't stopped because Republicans and Democrats alike sense a political advantage in keeping the debate over John Kerry's service in Vietnam on voters' minds.
With Pieces in Place, the Yankees Slip Up Tom Gordon surrendered the tying and winning runs in the eighth, spoiling the night for Orlando Hernndez and the Yankees.
Microsoft SP2s blind date software THE SOFTWARE giant which brings nations together, Microsoft, has issued a blind date kit for those who are thinking of installing its mega patch SP2 for Windows XP.
Tunes, a Hard Drive and (Just Maybe) a Brain The "shuffle" command on music players like the iPod is supposed to be a truly random way of making your way through a vast music collection. But some owners are wondering whether the iPod has a mind of its own.
To Market, to Market, Without the Drive A preoccupied parent revisits the world of grocery shopping on the Web and finds that a lot has changed.
Computer People Reopen Art History Dispute David Hockney's controversial theory that early Renaissance painters used cameralike devices has been challenged by researchers using digital techniques.
Singtel's Optus, Vodafone Australia plan shared 3G network (AFP) AFP - Singapore Telecommunications' Australian unit Optus and Vodafone announced an agreement on rolling out a shared third-generation (3G) mobile phone network in Australia.
Northwest sues travel network Northwest Airlines filed a federal lawsuit Wednesday against Sabre Travel Network, intensifying a dispute between the airline and the nations largest provider of airline booking information to travel agents.
Business briefs, August 26 US mortgage applications fell 6.3 percent last week, the biggest decline in more than a month, as fewer people filed to buy a home or refinance.
IMF says soft landing in China not yet assured China has lowered the risk of economic overheating but a  quot;soft landing quot; is not yet assured, International Monetary Fund chiefs have warned.
Accord in Home Depot case Home Depot has agreed to pay \$5.5 million to resolve a government lawsuit accusing the retailer of fostering a hostile workplace based on gender, race and national origin at its Colorado stores.
Indian ship freed after internet cable fiasco Colombo, Aug. 26 (PTI): Sri Lanka has released a seized Indian cargo ship after it found no evidence linking the vessel to the damage caused to the island #39;s main submarine cable, the Navy said today.
Astronomers find possible rocky planet Earth-like orb spins too &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; What might be the first known  quot;Earth-like quot; planet orbiting a star like our own sun has been reported by European astronomers.
The lengths some women will go to Yelena Isinbayeva of Russia took the gold and broke the world record on Tuesday but the question on many minds was: how long was her pole?
Dirrell assured medal Flint middleweight Andre Dirrell dashed Cubas dreams of another boxing gold rush and moved into the Olympic medal round himself Wednesday.
ADB warns of increasing inequality in Asia (AFP) AFP - High economic growth helped Asia reduce poverty greatly in the past decade but the increasingly unfair distribution of income could hamper future improvement, the Asian Development Bank (ADB) warned.
Stocks Flat to Higher on Oil, Mixed Data  SINGAPORE (Reuters) - Asian shares traded flat to higher on  Thursday as investors picked through conflicting signals on  economic growth and pondered whether oil prices would fall  further after a steep slide overnight.
Rentokil rules out break-up Security-to-pest-control firm Rentokil Initial has ruled out a break-up as it reports back from a strategic review amid rumours the embattled company is in the sights of buyout firms.
Olympics: Halkia New Greek Goddess, Faces Down Questions Fani Halkia, hailed by one Greek tabloid as a  quot;Winged Goddess, quot; stormed to Olympic victory in the 400 meter hurdles, sparking nationwide jubilation and much probing of her startlingly improved form.
Bomb rocks southern Thailand on eve of PM visit, 19 wounded A bomb ripped through a food market in Thailand #39;s troubled Muslim south injuring at least 19 people, including police and soldiers, on the eve of a visit by the prime minister, said the police.
A bloody war for power leaves Nepal powerless GORKHA, Nepal : Trekking his way up one of the steep forested hills of central Nepal, schoolteacher Lumnath Lamichanne was pounced on by five men with knives and hammers who slashed his body and left him for dead.
San Jose State Faces Difficult Task (AP) AP - Fitz Hill caught a glimpse of SEC media day on television last month and got another harsh reminder of how different things are where he coaches at San Jose State.
Tom Watson Set to Defend Tradition Title (AP) AP - Tom Watson's victory in the inaugural Tradition is all the more memorable because it was his last win with the man who was by his side for some 30 years, caddie Bruce Edwards.
Singapore makes big 777 order, holds off on 7E7s Boeing #39;s happy confirmation of a \$4 billion order from Singapore Airlines for 18 777s yesterday was tempered by the disappointing news that the prestigious carrier will not be among the first customers for the all-new 7E7.
Bank confirms merger talks Maine firm seen seeking partner to aid &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Banknorth Group of Maine confirmed yesterday that it was in merger talks with TD Bank Financial Group of Canada, a move that would end Banknorth #39;s short reign as New England #39;s largest independent bank.
Northwest and Sabre may fight in court over ticket selling Northwest Airlines has sued Sabre Holdings Co., which runs the world #39;s biggest computerized reservation system, in a high-stakes dispute that could determine the future of third-party ticket portals like Galileo, Travelocity and Expedia.
Rentokil May Say Profit Declined 8; McGowan Explores Overhaul Rentokil Initial Plc, the British owner of businesses ranging from pest control to parcel delivery, tomorrow may report an 8 percent drop in first-half profit as heightening competition for contracts put pressure on prices.
Fortis earnings beat forecasts Financial group Fortis has reported a bigger-than-expected rise in earnings and says it is growing more upbeat about 2004, with both its banking and insurance units posting strong gains.
Sen. Cantwell seeks relief for utility customers Enron hindered federal attempts to ease the 2000-01 West Coast energy crisis by selling government electricity slated for California to Southwestern states, new evidence indicates.
GM ends Corvette ad after protest Complaints: A television commercial featuring a wild-driving youngster at the wheel angers auto-safety advocates. DETROIT - General Motors Corp.
Analyst sees sweetened bid for MEC Frank Stronach #39;s MI Developments Inc. will likely sweeten its \$286-million (US) bid to buy out racetrack operator Magna Entertainment Corp.
Breakthrough could provide chips with everything One of the last frontiers of semiconductor technology - environments where electronic devices have to run at high power, in fierce heat or at lethal doses of radiation - may be about to fall.
US cracks down on computer file sharing, spam WASHINGTON -- The US Justice Department yesterday shut down a network allegedly used to illegally share copyrighted music, movies, software and games and, separately, has embarked a nationwide campaign against purveyors of e-mail  quot;spam.
A Digital Divide veryone covets a piece of Apple Computer #39;s iPod. And for good reason. It essentially defines what consumers want in a digital music player: capacity, style, seamless integration with personal computers and 
US arrests dozens in  quot;spam quot; crackdown -source US law enforcers have arrested dozens in a crackdown on  quot;spam quot; e-mail, identity theft and other fraudulent online activity, a person involved in the investigation says.
Intel injects cash into WiMAX firm THE CAPITAL division of Intel has invested in a Seattle firm in bid to promote the WiMAX wireless standard. Speakeasy, based in Seattle, is a beneficiary from the Intel Communications Fund but it #39;s not clear 
S.Africa Police Say Thatcher Was Ready to Leave  CAPE TOWN (Reuters) - Former British Prime Minister  Margaret Thatcher's son was planning to leave South Africa  before his arrest on suspicion of involvement in a coup attempt  in oil-rich Equatorial Guinea, police said on Thursday.
Marion Jones advances in long jump, will run relay ATHENS, Greece  Marion Jones began her Olympics on Wednesday, the 13th day of the Games, and got two pieces of good news: She easily advanced to the long jump final and she was chosen to 
Israel mines first Olympics gold The Israeli national anthem sounded over an Olympic podium Wednesday for the first time in the Jewish state #39;s 56-year history after a young man whose father named him for the sea took the gold medal in windsurfing.
Gardner #39;s storied career ends with a thud Rulon Gardner #39;s bid for a second consecutive gold medal in Greco-Roman wrestling #39;s super heavyweight division fell to the mat with a resounding thud yesterday along with the big man himself.
Mad dash for triathlon gold Australia #39;s Loretta Harrop dominated and lost. Susan Williams, of Littleton, wasn #39;t supposed to be there but left with the bronze, the only American medal.
Everton to Respond to United #39;s Rooney Offer Everton were today expected to respond to Manchester Uniteds offer for Wayne Rooney after the Old Trafford club joined Newcastle in the bidding war for the England striker.
Walks Send Giants to a Victory in 10 udy Seanez intentionally walked Barry Bonds to load the bases in the 10th inning, then could not throw a strike when he tried. Pinch-hitter AJ Pierzynski walked on four pitches to force 
Palestinian legislators accept Arafat promise to fix government Yasser Arafat fended off another challenge to his authority yesterday when Palestinian legislators backed away from sweeping reform demands, instead approving a watered-down set of recommendations.
The wife, a stranger, the bully and a bullet Marlene Brookes is a shirt-presser, a quiet, conscientious woman who has looked after Bay Street #39;s demanding clients for more than eight years.
Opposition calls for another strike in Bangladesh Bangladesh #39;s opposition called on Thursday for another nationwide strike this weekend to protest against a deadly grenade attack on a political rally that killed 19 people and wounded over 150.
Canberra plans  #39;lethal #39; air force Australia is to spend up to A\$450m (US\$320m) on cruise missiles to give its military the  quot;most lethal capacity quot; for air combat in the region.
Decks cleared for Aziz Islamabad, Aug. 25: Chaudhry Shujaat Hussein today resigned as Prime Minister, paving the way for his successor, finance minister Shaukat Aziz, to lead the country for the next three years.
Gyurcsny set to become Hungary #39;s new prime minister A 43 year-old millionaire, the charismatic Ferenc Gyurcsny is in line to become Hungary #39;s next prime minister. This was decided at a Hungarian Socialist Party congress on 25 August, convened to find a replacement for Pter Medgyessy.
Rezazadeh wins gold Hossein Rezazadeh sets a new world record as he reclaimed his Olympic title in weightlifting's 105kg class.
Nepal seeks help to free hostages Nepal has appealed to the Iraqi government for help in securing the release of 13 Nepalese hostages.
Ex-official in Yemen implicated in Cole plot SANAA, Yemen -- Yemen's former interior minister helped the alleged mastermind of the attack on the USS Cole to pass through security checkpoints in the months before the 2000 bombing, according to a document read out in court yesterday by a lawyer for five of the accused plotters.
Scandal heats hot springs in Japan IKAHO, Japan -- For at least four centuries, the rust-colored waters that bubble out of the mountainside behind the Ikaho Shrine have been as good as gold to this little spa village. Shared by dozens of inns, the spring waters are among the most venerable in the country.
EU is urged to reach out to Turkey THE HAGUE -- An influential Dutch advisory body said yesterday that Islam was not a bar to membership in the European Union and recommended the organization open talks with Turkey, while insisting Ankara do more to meet EU human rights standards.
Russia probes 2 deadly air crashes MOSCOW -- Investigators searched through heaps of mangled bodies and metal strewn over dozens of miles of fields and birch groves in two Russian regions yesterday to try to determine why two passenger jets crashed almost simultaneously.
3 countries sign pact to disarm rebel groups KAMPALA -- Uganda, Rwanda, and the Democratic Republic of Congo agreed yesterday to immediately disarm rebel groups who threaten peace and security in Africa's Great Lakes region. The agreement was signed following US-sponsored talks in the Ugandan capital, Kampala, between delegations led by Ugandan Defense Minister Amama Mbabazi, Rwanda's Foreign Minister Charles Murigande, and his Congolese counterpart, Raymond Ramazani Baya. ...
Over half world's homes have running water, WHO report finds JOHANNESBURG -- For the first time, more than half of the world's population has water piped into their homes, according to a United Nations report released today, an accomplishment hailed as a  quot;stunning success quot; by a senior World Health Organization official.
Iraq a training ground for US 'Renaissance warriors' WASHINGTON -- On a sun-drenched morning in Sadr City, an Army officer and his patrol may first have to size up an Iraqi civilian bearing an automatic rifle: Is he friend or foe? A few hours later, the same patrol leader might shift his focus from the dangers of stealth enemies to the status of the town's new sewage project. ...
Witness says Marine hit, kicked prisoner CAMP PENDLETON, Calif. -- A Marine sergeant kicked an aging, overweight Iraqi in the chest out of anger and frustration when the handcuffed and hooded prisoner failed to follow orders, a guard at the same detention facility testified yesterday.
US card deck omits key Iraqi militants WASHINGTON -- The Ace of Spades was captured. The Ace of Clubs and Ace of Hearts were killed. Of the most-wanted Iraqis included in a deck of playing cards distributed last year by the US military, all except 10 are in custody or dead.
Mortar Shell Hits Mosque in Iraq Several people were killed and dozens were injured today in a mortar attack on the main mosque in Kufa, witnesses said.
Mortar Attack Kills 25 at Kufa Mosque NAJAF, Iraq - Iraq's top Shiite cleric unexpectedly returned to Iraq from Britain on Wednesday armed with a new peace initiative and a call for Iraqis across the country to march on the holy city to demand an end to weeks of fighting in Najaf.    But a mortar attack on the main mosque in the nearby city of Kufa killed 25 people and wounded 60 others Thursday, hospital officials and witnesses said, a blow to hopes that the crisis could be resolved peacefully...
DaVanon hits for cycle as Angels rout Royals Jeff DaVanon walked to the plate in the seventh inning, fully aware that he was a home run away from history.  quot;I #39;d be lying if I said I didn #39;t know, quot; the Anaheim Angels outfielder said.
Employees lose jobs after NJ ballpark flap Greg Maiuro and Marco Cerino, public address announcer and scoreboard operator for minor league baseball #39;s Atlantic City Surf, lost their jobs Monday for poking fun at James E. McGreevey #39;s sexual orientation.
Holocaust survivor laments Darfur UNITED NATIONSToo little has been done, too late, to end rape and killing in Sudan #39;s Darfur region, Nobel laureate and Holocaust survivor Elie Wiesel said yesterday and urged a more vigorous international response.
Five Killed as Heavy Rains Pound Philippines (Reuters) Reuters - Five people were killed and 3 were\missing in the Philippines as heavy rain whipped up by two\typhoons caused floods and landslides in Manila and neighboring\areas, disaster officials said on Thursday.
Plutonium Shipment Plan Worries Lawmakers (AP) AP - Some congressional Democrats raised security concerns Wednesday about a proposed shipment of 300 pounds of weapons-grade plutonium from the United States to France for conversion into a mixed-oxide fuel.
Kingpin bows out ATHENS -- The only People magazine-style celebrity that Greco-Roman wrestling has ever had walked to the center circle of the mat, sat down, removed his size 13 shoes, placed them in the circle, and then stood up, bowing and waving to the crowd while clutching an American flag. Rulon Gardner, age 33, was ready to find out what the world ...
Felix overmatched in 200? Not for a second ATHENS -- Allyson Felix is 18 years old, is missing a week of college classes, and is traveling with parents who are concerned about her diet. Oh, and one other thing: She won the silver medal in the 200-meter dash last night at the Olympic Games.
Sound of success: Israel strikes gold ATHENS -- For many Israelis, the Olympics evoke memories of a terrorist massacre and political boycotts, but windsurfer Gal Fridman provided his countrymen an historic and celebratory remembrance yesterday after he won the first gold medal in the Jewish state's 56-year history.
Patterson eases Cubs by Phillies Corey Patterson hit a two-out, two-run homer in the bottom of the ninth inning yesterday to give the Cubs a 4-2 win over Milwaukee, host Chicago's eighth victory in 11 games.
Angel in the outfield Jeff DaVanon became the first Angels player in 13 years to hit for the cycle and drove in four runs, leading host Anaheim to a 21-6 crushing of Kansas City last night that completed a seven-game season sweep of the Royals. Jose Molina hit his first career grand slam and Garret Anderson had five RBIs and three hits, including a ...
AL notables AL notables A brown squirrel ran onto the field in the bottom of the third inning at Jacobs Field in Cleveland and ran circles around the Yankees and Indians . After a brief delay, play continued when the squirrel ran out and settled down in center field. Several players smiled at the sight, and the squirrel was still out there ...
Crunch time next in store for Schilling TORONTO -- The next time Curt Schilling takes the ball for the Red Sox, it will be on the cusp of September, in the opener of a Fenway Park series next Tuesday against the Anaheim Angels, a team as hot as the Sox in August and one as bent as playing in October as the Olde Towne Team.
Biggio may be thrown out at home HOUSTON -- Craig Biggio doffed his cap and waved to the crowd from first base. He was nearly in tears, realizing the standing ovation may have been one of his last as an Astro.
Texas slides past North Carolina SOUTH WILLIAMSPORT, Pa. -- Texas is two steps away from a world championship. Chance Murski hit a grand slam and Randal Grichuk hit a three-run homer to lead Richmond, Texas, to the United States final with an 8-2 win over Morganton, N.C., last night at the Little League World Series.
Long story TORONTO -- If the faithful among Red Sox Nation looked to the sky late last night, they may have been convinced that it was aglow with a late-summer display of Northern Lights. Instead, it was the fireworks grand finale to a dazzling, 11-5 drubbing of the Blue Jays that had the Sox belting out four home runs and 17 hits ...
Damon deals with demons TORONTO -- There's an antiseptic quality to the word  quot;concussion quot; that tends to make it sound less ominous than it really is. Call it a bruised brain, and maybe you can appreciate a little more why Johnny Damon, 10 months after his skull-shaking collision with former Red Sox utilityman Damian Jackson during the American League playoffs, said what he did ...
Klecko positions himself FOXBOROUGH -- Nobody knows what lurks in coach Bill Belichick's mind, but it seems safe to say Dan Klecko is going to make the Patriots and get appreciative playing time. Question is, will the former collegiate defensive lineman make a push to be an eventual starter at his new primary position, linebacker?
Brady grades plan a D FOXBOROUGH -- His status as two-time Super Bowl Most Valuable Player has given Tom Brady the opportunity to endorse not only products but the strategies of his team. And while he may be speaking highly -- while being paid handsomely -- of various commercial items, the same can't be said of his remarks about a particular experiment taking place with ...
Celtics set to sign No. 2 choice The Celtics will sign second-round pick (40th overall) Justin Reed today, according to his agent, Mark Bartelstein. The sides agreed to a two-year deal worth approximately \$1 million. The first year is guaranteed and the team holds the option on the second. Director of basketball operations Danny Ainge announced last week that Boston planned to sign the 6-foot-8-inch forward from ...
In name game, Couples fills bill for most fans CROMWELL, Conn. -- If you're looking for players who are sitting high on the PGA Tour's money list, you won't find them at TPC River Highlands, where the Buick Championship gets under way today. At No. 26, Jerry Kelly (\$1,622,449) is the leading money winner in this week's stop. If you're looking for players who are sitting high on the ...
Carbone leaves a legacy behind CROMWELL, Conn. -- There were professional golfers on hand, the sunlight was pouring down, and Eddie Carbone had on a shirt and tie, so in many ways everything seemed in place yesterday.
State threatens to pull business from bank Treasurer Timothy P. Cahill yesterday threatened to pull about \$120 million of state business out of Bank of America , and the Romney administration demanded a public accounting of the bank's layoffs and other recent moves in Massachusetts.
Executive's death stuns State Street  The chief executive of State Street Global Advisors, Timothy B. Harbert, died of a heart attack on Tuesday night, the company said yesterday. He was 53.
Adams, Harkness settles  The Boston investment firm Adams, Harkness Inc. will pay \$575,000 to settle charges that it failed to disclose it was paid by investment banks to write research reports on the banks' underwriting clients, regulators said yesterday. Adams, Harkness also failed to preserve copies of internal e-mails as required by law, they said.
FBI raids homes in file-share probe  WASHINGTON -- The FBI seized computers, software, and equipment as part of an investigation into illegal sharing of copyrighted movies, music, and games over an Internet ''peer-to-peer quot; network, Attorney General John Ashcroft said yesterday.
A mixed economic bag in July  WASHINGTON -- Factory orders in July for costly manufactured goods recorded the biggest gain in four months. New home sales, meanwhile, slid, according to a pair of reports that offered a mixed picture of economic activity.
Oil prices drop for 4th day NEW YORK -- Oil prices plummeted below \$44 a barrel yesterday, sinking for the fourth consecutive day, as supply fears receded, gasoline futures plunged and profit- taking took over.
For makers of food packages, seconds count Spoons are so old school. And so slow. Harried Americans searching for ways to shave precious seconds have seized on new foods designed to keep them on the go -- no utensils needed. There's soup in heat-and-sip cups. Yogurt in squeeze tubes. Mini cookies in little cans that fit in car cup holders. Even frozen peanut butter and jelly sandwiches ...
Conventions boost Hub hotel revenue  Business got better for Boston hotels last month, as events including the Democratic National Convention and Macworld brought plenty of guests and higher rates than local hoteliers have seen in recent years, according to a study released yesterday.
Ethics commission clears Meirelles of wrongdoing BRASILIA -- A commission that monitors Brazilian government members has concluded that Central Bank president Henrique Meirelles, facing media accusations of tax evasion, has not behaved unethically.
Sprint, Mediacom join in Internet phone deal KANSAS CITY, Mo. -- Sprint Corp. and cable television provider Mediacom Communications Corp. made public an agreement yesterday that will allow Sprint to offer Internet telephone service to Mediacom's 2.7 million household subscribers.
A technology whiz strives to make life simpler John Maeda is a man with a lot on his mind. The MIT professor of media arts and sciences thinks about how to make technology simpler; he thinks about using the computer as a mode of expression rather than simply as a tool; he thinks about making digital art from Cheetos and sugar crystals.
Antiterrorism device inspired by near miss LEXINGTON -- Michael Y. Lu and Jonathan Morrone, two Boston area businessmen, planned a meeting at the World Trade Center in New York on the morning of Sept. 11, 2001. But Morrone had a last-minute scheduling change, and they both missed the appointment.
A Boom Along Mexico's Border Across Tijuana's vast industrial parks, the export assembly plants known as maquiladoras are thriving, posting giant "help wanted" signs.
First Look: Danger Sidekick II The former World Class product-of-the-year PDA gets a much-needed upgrade.
Apps to Organize Your Digital Photos  Here's an overview of three new programs that promise easier image management.
Long-Distance Sports Thanks to new high-tech gear, opponents in golf and racket sports can be across town - or across the country.
Iraqi Sadr Supporters Attacked Near Najaf-Witnesses (Reuters) Reuters - Supporters of rebel Iraqi cleric\Moqtada al-Sadr were fired on as they marched from the town of\Kufa to the city of Najaf on Thursday and several were wounded,\witnesses at the scene said.
First Look: Danger Sidekick II (PC World) PC World - The one-time World Class Product of the Year PDA gets a much-needed upgrade.
Russia Mourns Dead in Mystery Double Air Crash  UZLOVAYA, Russia (Reuters) - Russia observed a day of  mourning on Thursday for at least 89 people who died in a  mysterious double air disaster, which some fear could have been  a terrorist attack ahead of a key election in rebel Chechnya.
No Clues Announced in Russia Jet Crashes MOSCOW - A government commission searching for the cause of the near-simultaneous crashes of two airliners began work at one of the wreckage sites Thursday after workers finished combing over the shattered plane. No clues to clear up the mystery, or indicate terrorism, were immediately reported...
Mortar Attack Kills 27 at Kufa Mosque KUFA, Iraq - A mortar barrage hit the main mosque in the Iraqi city of Kufa on Thursday, killing 27 people and wounding 63 others as they prepared to march on the violence-wracked city of Najaf, hospital officials and witnesses said.    Thousands of people were crowded around the mosque at the time and dead bodies lay around the mosque compound, which is a stronghold of followers of radical Shiite cleric Muqtada al-Sadr, witnesses said...
Hilton Profit Almost Triples on UK Bettors, Hotels (Update2) Hilton Group Plc, the operator of Hilton hotels outside the US, said first-half profit almost tripled, helped by gains at the Ladbrokes betting chain and a recovery in demand for hotel rooms.
First Reserve to Buy Ingersoll-Rand Unit for \$1.2 Bln (Update2) First Reserve Corp., the largest private buyout firm specializing in energy-industry investments, agreed to buy an oil and gas equipment business of Ingersoll-Rand Co.
Oil settles below \$44 The price of oil sank for the fourth consecutive day yesterday amid profit taking and easing concerns about supply, dipping below \$44 US a week after it threatened to hit \$50 US.
Home Depot settles EEOC lawsuit Company to pay out \$5.5 million The discrimination claim was brought on behalf of Colorado employees. The chain denies misconduct.
Walking away THE GAZETTE. ATHENS, Greece - Moments after wrestler Rulon Gardner won an Olympic bronze medal Wednesday, beating an opponent 4 inches taller and 10 years younger, he had another task to perform.
Feeling relaxed not Hartley #39;s style ATHENS -- Her coach calls it  quot;Blythish. quot; Blythe Hartley says it #39;s just the way she operates. Whatever it is, it was working for the Edmonton-born diver yesterday in the preliminaries of the women #39;s three-metre springboard event.
Chen sparkles, but O #39;s drop 9th in a row, 3-0 It #39;s hard to say which was a more unlikely sight for the Orioles last night: journeyman starter Bruce Chen tossing seven shutout innings, or ace reliever BJ Ryan giving up a walk-off home run.
Healthy Hantuchova looks for another title  quot;I just try to play as well as I can this year. If I do that, the results will come, quot; Hantuchova said.  quot;I appreciate being out there.
Cleric returns to Iraq, orders march on Najaf Powerful Shiite leader says he plans to lead a mass demonstration today to end fighting.  Iraqi hostage: Militants said Wednesday they had kidnapped the brother-in-law of Iraqi Defense Minister Hazem Shaalan 
Sudan relents on presence of peacekeepers ABUJA, Nigeria -- At African Union-brokered peace talks Wednesday, a government delegate modified Sudan #39;s previous rejection of an international peacekeeping force for the nation #39;s Darfur region.
Indonesia concern on missile plan INDONESIA today expressed concern about Australia #39;s plans to acquire long-range cruise missiles which Canberra said would give it the  quot;most lethal capacity quot; for air strikes.
Smart phones to see fast growth over next five years Global smart phone shipments are set to rise dramatically over the next five years, as better devices and lower prices combine with other factors to fuel growthand meet 
Supporters of Sistani Fired Upon, 20 Dead: Witness (Reuters) Reuters - Supporters of Iraq's top Shi'ite\cleric Grand Ayatollah Ali al-Sistani were fired upon in the\town of Kufa on Thursday and 20 people were killed, a Reuters\photographer said from the scene.
Oil Higher on Iraq After Heavy Fall  SINGAPORE (Reuters) - Oil prices edged higher on Thursday  from a heavy drop the day before as renewed violence and  sabotage attacks in Iraq revived fears over supply disruptions.
Supporters of Sistani Fired Upon, 20 Dead: Witness  NAJAF, Iraq (Reuters) - Supporters of Iraq's top Shi'ite  cleric Grand Ayatollah Ali al-Sistani were fired upon in the  town of Kufa on Thursday and 20 people were killed, a Reuters  photographer said from the scene.
Determined Jones jumps into finals ATHENS -- The spotlight returned to Marion Jones last night, dimmer but harsher than four years ago. The warming glow is gone, the celebrity tarnished by innuendoes about drug use, and whatever flattering light remains comes from the same smile that lit up the Sydney Games.
Dominating Dirrell dispatches Despaigne ATHENS -- Leon Lawson was watching over Andre Dirrell's shoulder last night, literally and figuratively, as the US middleweight tried to box his way into the medal rounds at the Olympic Games.
Sports Log NAMES Connecticut assistant men's basketball coach Clyde Vaughan resigned following his arrest last week in a prostitution sting by Hartford police, the Hartford Courant and New Haven Register reported on their websites. The resignation came shortly after state officials learned that Vaughan was arrested two previous times on charges similar to the patronizing a prostitute count lodged against him Aug. ...
Ode to ancient Games, nudity and all THE OLYMPICS may have returned to the land of their birth, but even as these games wind down, the stadiums in Athens remain eerily empty. So perhaps the organizers should take some lessons from the ancient Greeks. The hosts of those original Olympics never had trouble luring spectators: the games were packed for nearly 1,200 years.
Boozer, James pay homage to former coach Osowski ATHENS -- Carlos Boozer spent two years in Cleveland. The last one, when he made himself into a player deemed worthy of Olympic stature, the coach who worked with him on a daily basis was assistant Mark Osowski. Yesterday, while getting ready for today's game vs. Spain, Boozer took time to reflect on the Leominster-reared Osowski, who died Sunday of ...
Not enough lift for Hamman Shane Hamman proved once again last night that he's the strongest man in America, adding to his legacy by breaking two of his US records.
Coach gets his chance to build on team's success  While running drills at the annual high school football conditioning camp in Woburn last week, John Fiore of Reading High School was the guy with the smile on his face, and quite possibly the little extra burden strapped on his shoulders.
FBI action over illegal file-swap The FBI has seized equipment as part of the first copyright action taken against file-sharing networks.
Riddick raises the stakes The Chronicles of Riddick is not only one of the most satisfying movie tie-ins ever, but also perhaps the best-looking game the Xbox has yet seen.
Travel agents fight NWA fees on air bookings Travel agents, their trade association and at least one reservation system are challenging Northwest Airlines Inc. #39;s plans to pass on a new fee to travel agents next week, a move that soured 
Storm may have been a tornado VERMONTVILLE -- A Wednesday evening storm ripped part of the roof off of an Eaton County high school and dropped it on the football field where the season #39;s first home game is to be played Friday.
Speakeasy gets money from Intel for WiMax Seattle Internet service provider Speakeasy has received an investment from Intel to test a new technology that could provide wireless Internet coverage to entire cities or counties.
Stronger Schilling stops Jays Curt Schilling hasn #39;t felt this good in months, and that #39;s great news for the Boston Red Sox. Schilling earned his 16th win, and David Ortiz homered twice and drove in four runs 
Oil Higher on Iraq After Heavy Fall (Reuters) Reuters - Oil prices edged higher on Thursday\from a heavy drop the day before as renewed violence and\sabotage attacks in Iraq revived fears over supply disruptions.
Australian announces cruise missile plan, raising tensions with Jakarta (AFP) AFP - Australia announced a cruise missile programme to give it the region's "most lethal" air combat capacity, a move that further strained awkward relations with Indonesia.
Africanized Bees May Have Arrived in Okla. (AP) AP - A swarm of bees that attacked a work crew earlier this month may be of the Africanized variety, which would mark the furthest north the so-called "killer" bees have traveled in the United States, scientists said.
Darfur Rebels Say Peace First, Disarming After (Reuters) Reuters - Rebels from Sudan's Darfur region on\Thursday rejected calls to disarm or garrison their fighters\before a political solution to the conflict there has been\decided and implemented.
Sudan dismisses UN Security Council ultimatum on Darfur (AFP) AFP - Sudan will ignore a UN Security Council deadline to end militia attacks in Darfur by the end of the month and instead resolve the crisis through African Union peace talks, Khartoum's chief negotiator said.
Microsoft faces new EU competition probe The European Commission (EC) has launched another investigation into Microsoft - this time over plans to take over an anti-piracy software supplier.
Stocks Are Set to Open Down a Touch US stocks are set to open down a touch Thursday, as investors take some cash off the table following recent gains. Dow Jones futures were down 7 points recently, while Nasdaq futures were 2 points lower and Standard  amp; Poor #39;s futures declined 0.10 points.
Northrop, BAE Systems win US government contract NEW YORK, August 26 (New Ratings) - The US government has reportedly selected Northrop Grumman Corporation (NOC.NYS) and BAE Systems Plc (BA) to develop systems for protecting commercial aircraft from shoulder-fired missiles.
Hilton profit soars Hotels and gaming company Hilton has reaped a 72 percent rise in first-half profit beating forecasts, but it has reiterated a cautious outlook on recovery prospects for its hotels business.
Lawsuits fly over Northwest #39;s new GDS fees As expected, the battle of the lawsuits and press releases started soon after an announcement Tuesday by Northwest Airlines that it was taking steps to align its distribution costs with those of the low-cost carriers it increasingly is competing with for 
Update 1: German Business Sentiment Dips in August German business sentiment dipped in August amid concerns over the strength of the country #39;s economic recovery, a closely watched survey showed Thursday.
But caution and fears of hard landing are the same TOKYO (CBS.MW) - When it comes to the success of China #39;s steps to slow down its booming economy, Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan and the International Monetary Fund are reading from different pages.
Darfur Rebels Say Peace First, Disarming After  CAIRO (Reuters) - Rebels from Sudan's Darfur region  Thursday rejected calls to disarm or confine their fighters to  their bases before a political solution to the conflict there  has been decided and implemented.
S.Africa Police Say Thatcher Was Ready to Leave  CAPE TOWN, South Africa (Reuters) - The son of former  British Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher was planning to leave  South Africa before his arrest on suspicion of involvement in a  coup attempt in oil-rich Equatorial Guinea, police said  Thursday.
Australia Risks Asian Ire with Long-Range Missiles  CANBERRA, Australia (Reuters) - Australia plans to create  what it believes will be the most lethal force of fighter jets  in Southeast Asia by equipping its aircraft with long-range  missiles in a move critics said could antagonize neighbors.
Russia shaken by air crash enigma Russia is in mourning for the 89 victims of a mystery double air crash, as officials refuse to rule out sabotage.
US admits 'bounty hunter' contact The US Department of Defense admits having been in contact with alleged 'bounty hunter' Jack Idema.
Water 'wake-up call' given by UN A UN report says key goals to improve clean water and sanitation by 2015 will fail  unless the world acts.
UN assesses security in Darfur A UN mission goes to Darfur to see if Sudan's government is  keeping promises to improve security.
Thatcher 'planned to leave home' Mark Thatcher planned to leave South Africa, say investigators into his alleged involvement in a coup plot.
US slams Colombia prisoner plan The US voices concern at the Colombian government's plans to reach peace deals with illegal armed groups. 
Italy tackles Libya migrant route Italian PM Silvio Berlusconi holds talks with Libya's Colonel Gaddafi on curbing illegal immigration.
Court rejects Chechnya acquittal A Russian court overturns the acquittal of four army officers accused of murdering six civilians in Chechnya.
Singapore Airlines eyes 31 Boeing aircraft SINGAPORE - Singapore Airlines (SIA) is set to outlay around US\$7.35 billion for up to 31 Boeing B777-300ER (extended range) aircraft, with 18 to be delivered between 2006 and 2010, the company said.
Before the Bell- Krispy Kreme shares drop Shares of Krispy Kreme Doughnuts Inc. (KKD.N: Quote, Profile, Research) fell more than 17 percent before the bell on Thursday after the doughnut chain posted sharply lower quarterly 
Ahold Reports Weaker-Than-Expected Profit Dutch retailer Ahold NV, recovering from a major accounting scandal, reported a lower-than-expected second-quarter net profit of euro32 million (US\$38.
Stocks Seen Lower; Starbucks Weighs US stocks were set for a slightly lower open Thursday as disappointing results from coffee shop chain Starbucks and volatile oil prices may take the steam out of yesterday #39;s rally.
Fat and Happy? Evaluating Fund Manager Incentives It #39;s a question that has bedeviled fund investors for years--how do you know if the people running the fund have your best interests at heart?
DIY firm settles sex bias lawsuit Home Depot, the US home improvement store chain, has agreed to pay \$5.5m (3m) to settle a discrimination case. Home Depot denied any wrongdoing, saying it has  quot;a zero tolerance policy quot; towards discrimination 
UPDATE: Tabcorp Profit Up, Looks Again At High Rollers MELBOURNE (Dow Jones)--Fresh from two major acquisitions, Australia #39;s biggest gambling company Tabcorp Ltd. (TAH.AU) Thursday said annual net profit rose 23 to A\$311.
India budget voted without debate India's national budget is passed by parliament amid an opposition boycott after a row with the prime minister.
Firefighters' deal averts strike Employers and unions have reached an agreement, resolving the long-running dispute over firefighters' pay.
One third of IT managers struggling with XP SP2 A third of IT managers have admitted that they have  quot;no idea what to expect quot; when deploying Microsoft #39;s Windows XP Service Pack 2, new research has claimed.
Motorola, DoCoMo teaming up to develop new phones Motorola, No. 2 maker of mobile telephones, and NTT DoCoMo, the world #39;s second-largest wireless carrier, will jointly develop handsets to attract business customers in Japan.
Server sales rocket by almost a quarter HP and Sun #39;s ongoing bitter battle for server market share is being played out against overall global sales of servers that have surged strongly to surpass \$11.
CA execs hold on to their bonuses A proposal to claw back bonuses paid to executives under the cloud of an accounting scandal has been rejected by Computer Associates #39; shareholders.
MS rapped over anti-Linux ads Microsoft has been rapped over the knuckles over an anti-Lunix advertising campaign. The Advertising Standards Association in the UK has ruled that the ad makes  quot;misleading quot; claims, and has told the company change the copy on the advertisement forthwith.
 #39;Electronic Jihad #39; fails to materialise Rumours that the Internet would witness a sustained and devastating cyber-attack by Islamic  quot;cyber-terrorists quot; today have turned out to be completely baseless.
Small telescope reveals new planet A telescope with a 4-inch diameter -- about the size that some backyard astronomers might use -- tracked the periodic dimming of light from a bright star 500 light-years away.
Intel to launch tri-mode chipset Chip giant Intel is launching a  #39;tri-mode #39; Centrino chipset that supports all three wi-fi networking standards. The new chipset will support 802.
Satisfying Sites This particular index is produced by the University of Michigan Business School, in partnership with the American Society for Quality and CFI Group, and is supported in part by ForeSee Results 
Impi Linux 2 to be launched at open source Installfest Johannesburg, 26 August 2004 - Impi Linux, a local open source software project geared towards promoting the widespread adoption of open source software in Africa, will launch Impi Linux 2 at the Open Source Installfest at Dimension Data Campus 
Jamaica to provide Internet access to poor communities Jamaica #39;s government says it plans to provide free Internet access in poor communities across the island. The e-Jamaica initiative will establish 60 Internet centres across the country by 2010, mostly in post offices.
A Motive For IT Spending SAN FRANCISCO - It #39;s been a tough recession for tech spending and a tough summer for tech stocks. But a Texas software outfit might give investors a reason to get back in the market.
Gardner not saddened Shed no tears for Rulon Gardner. Yes, that really was Gardner, the only man brave enough to not just stand up to the invincible Alexander Karelin but to beat him, nearly 
Jones into finals Not only did Jones easily advance to the final of the long jump, surpassing the automatic qualifying standard on her second attempt, but she was animated afterward, even giggling, after finally 
World #39;s strongest man strikes again Iranians are swelling with pride after weightlifter Hossein Rezazadeh confirmed his status as the world #39;s strongest man at the Athens Olympics.
Outcasts of Greece and the Games The rubble is everywhere: rusted car parts, a rickety baby carriage, a broken TV and all manner of trash. The ground is unpaved and strewn with rocks.
Walking Bonds Was Wrong Move for Marlins Walking Barry Bonds intentionally to load the bases in the 10th inning turned out to be the wrong move for Florida - because Rudy Seanez then walked pinch-hitter A.J. Pierzynski on four pitches...
Mortar Barrage Kills 27 in Kufa Mosque KUFA, Iraq - A mortar barrage slammed into a mosque filled with Iraqis preparing to march on the embattled city of Najaf, killing 27 people and wounding 63 Thursday, while the nation's top Shiite cleric arrived at the gates of the holy city in a massive convoy hoping to end three weeks of fighting.  ..
Saboteurs Attack About 20 Iraq Pipelines BASRA, Iraq - Saboteurs have attacked about 20 oil pipelines in southern Iraq, reducing exports from the key oil producing region by at least one third, a top oil official said Thursday.    The cluster of pipelines was attacked late Wednesday in Berjasiya, 20 miles southwest of the southern city of Basra, an official with the state-run South Oil Co...
Russian Flight Recorders Reveal Little MOSCOW - The recorders extracted from the wreckage of two planes that crashed nearly simultaneously have not revealed reliable information on the disasters' causes, a top Russian official was quoted as saying Thursday.    Vladimir Yakovlev, the Russian president's envoy for the southern region, where one of the planes crashed, also said that the main theory about the catastrophe "all the same remains terrorism," the ITAR-Tass news agency said...
Mortar Barrage Kills 27 in Kufa Mosque KUFA, Iraq - A mortar barrage slammed into a mosque filled with Iraqis preparing to march on the embattled city of Najaf, killing 27 people and wounding 63 Thursday, while the nation's top Shiite cleric headed to the area in a massive convoy hoping to end three weeks of fighting.    Hours later, unidentified gunmen opened fire from an Iraqi National Guard base on thousands of Shiite Muslim marchers heading to Najaf, killing at least three and wounding 46, witnesses said...
Mortar Attack Kills 27 at Kufa Mosque KUFA, Iraq - A mortar barrage slammed into a mosque filled Iraqis preparing to march on the embattled city of Najaf, killing 27 people and wounding 63 here Thursday hours before the nation's top Shiite cleric was expected to arrive in area with a peace initiative.    The attack on the main mosque in Kufa - just a few miles from Najaf - dampened renewed hopes for a rapid resolution to the three-week crisis in Najaf...
Iraq #39;s Top Cleric Arrives in Najaf to Press for Peace Iraq #39;s top Shi #39;ite cleric Grand Ayatollah Ali al-Sistani has arrived in Najaf in a bid to end to weeks of fighting between Shi #39;ite militiamen and US and Iraqi forces.
Two Bus Bombs in India Kill 4, Injure 39 GAUHATI, India Aug. 26, 2004 - A passenger bus and another carrying paramilitary soldiers and their families were blown up in separate explosions in the insurgency-wracked Assam state on Thursday, killing 
Market Bomb in Thailand Kills One, Injures at Least 24 A bomb blast at a market in Thailand #39;s troubled southern region has killed one person and injured at least 24, including 13 police officers and soldiers.
Militants Kidnap Relatives of Iraqi Minister-TV Militants have kidnapped two relatives of Iraqi Defense Minister Hazim al-Shalaan and demanded US forces leave the holy city of Najaf, Al Jazeera television reported Wednesday.
Jailed Pakistani opposition leader nominated for prime minister A Pakistani opposition alliance will field its jailed leader against a candidate backed by President Gen. Pervez Musharraf in an election for a new prime minister, an opposition spokesman said Thursday.
Hurricanes #39; LB out two months Miami freshman linebacker Willie Williams will be sidelined at least two months after having surgery Wednesday to repair a torn ligament in his right knee.
Sudan dismisses UN Security Council ultimatum on Darfur ABUJA : Sudan will ignore a UN Security Council deadline to end militia attacks in Darfur by the end of the month and instead resolve the crisis through African Union peace talks, Khartoum #39;s chief negotiator said.
Microsoft slowly rolling on Service Pack 2 updates Microsoft is starting to ramp up distribution of its massive security update for the Windows XP operating system. But analysts say they still expect the company to move at a relatively slow pace to avoid widespread glitches.
sailors settle for bronze The British sailors Simon Hiscocks and Chris Draper have been forced to settle for bronze in the 49er class. The pair had been guaranteed a medal before the 16th race and started the day only two points behind 
Russian Press Screams  #39;terror #39; After Plane Crashes The stark contrasts of Russian news reporting were out in the open Thursday: Dailies that largely remain out of state hands screamed  quot;terrorism quot; in bold front-page headlines 
Vodafone, Nokia Team Up for Simpler Mobile Software (Reuters) Reuters - Mobile phone giants Vodafone and
Walking Bonds Was Wrong Move for Marlins (AP) AP - Walking Barry Bonds intentionally to load the bases in the 10th inning turned out to be the wrong move for Florida  #151; because Rudy Seanez then walked pinch-hitter A.J. Pierzynski on four pitches. Pierzynski's walk forced home the tiebreaking run in the San Francisco Giants' 6-5 win over the Marlins on Wednesday night. It was just his 14th walk in 397 plate appearances.
Krispy Kreme Scales Back as Profit Dives (Reuters) Reuters - Krispy Kreme Doughnuts Inc. (KKD.N) on\Thursday posted sharply lower quarterly earnings, signaled that\the second half of the year would be weak and scaled back store\openings after it was battered by the low-carbohydrate diet\craze.
Smithfield Foods Profit More Than Doubles (Reuters) Reuters - Hog and pork producer Smithfield Foods\Inc. (SFD.N) on Thursday said quarterly earnings more than\doubled due to higher hog prices and the acquisition last year\of Farmland Foods.
Asian Exports Brisk But Outlook Dims (Reuters) Reuters - Fueled by strong demand from China,\three of Asia's top exporters revealed robust trade data for\July, but economists said the outlook was darkening.
Are we our DVD collections? Even if we don't watch? (USATODAY.com) USATODAY.com - For many collectors, owning DVDs is becoming more important than actually watching them.
Optus and Vodafone to share 3G network (FT.com) FT.com - Optus and Vodafone have moved to counter Telstra's head start in third generation mobile services, agreeing on Thursday to build a rival second 3G network in Australia.
Ahold Reports Weaker Second Quarter Profit (AP) AP - Dutch retailer Ahold NV, recovering from a major accounting scandal largely attributed to its U.S. food distribution business, reported a lower-than-expected profit for the second quarter that reflected weak U.S. results. Its shares fell more than 8 percent in midday trading.
Orioles Release OF Karim Garcia (AP) AP - The Baltimore Orioles released outfielder Karim Garcia after their ninth straight loss Wednesday night, and sent outfielder Darnell McDonald to Triple-A Ottawa.
UN Darfur envoy issues new warning to Sudan ahead of deadline (AFP) AFP - The situation in Sudan's war-torn western region of Darfur "has not changed much" and the United Nations wants action not words, UN envoy to Sudan Jan Pronk was quoted as saying in the Sudanese press.
Krispy Kreme Drops Before Bell  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Shares of Krispy Kreme Doughnuts Inc.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=KKD.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;KKD.N&lt;/A&gt; fell more than 17 percent before the bell on Thursday  after the doughnut chain posted sharply lower quarterly  earnings and signaled that the second half of the year would be  weak.
Krispy Kreme Scales Back as Profit Dives  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Krispy Kreme Doughnuts Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=KKD.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;KKD.N&lt;/A&gt; on  Thursday posted sharply lower quarterly earnings, signaled that  the second half of the year would be weak and scaled back store  openings after it was battered by the low-carbohydrate diet  craze.
Stocks to Watch Thursday  The doughnut chain reported sharply lower quarterly  earnings on Thursday that missed Wall Street's expectations as  it tries to overhaul operations after being battered by popular  low-carbohydrate diets. Its shares closed at \$15.36 on the New  York Stock Exchange.  
Euro Stocks, Dollar Rally as Oil Tumbles  LONDON (Reuters) - European stocks and the dollar rallied  on Thursday as tumbling oil prices relieved investor fears  about economic and earnings growth, while debt yields rose  after stronger-than-expected German economic data.
London Oil Down to \$40; Funds Take Profit  LONDON (Reuters) - London oil prices fell briefly through  \$40 on Thursday for the first time in three weeks, extending  four sessions of heavy losses made as renewed exports from Iraq  and higher-than-expected U.S. gasoline inventories encouraged  big-money funds to take profits.
DIY firm settles sex bias lawsuit US decorating store chain Home Depot agrees to pay \$5.5m to settle a lawsuit alleging sexual and racial discrimination against staff.
Growth in Asia 'cutting poverty' Asia's surging economic growth is helping to cut the region's poverty levels, but some areas are lagging behind, a report says.
UK growth forecast trimmed Higher oil prices and rising interest rates are likely to lead to a slowdown in spending on the UK High Street, business leaders predict.
Milk deal 'to help dairy farmers' Sainsbury's supermarket agrees a new milk supply deal with Robert Wiseman and Dairy Crest which the firms say could benefit hundreds of dairy farmers.
Federal online gangbusters arrest dozens Federal agents have initiated a two-pronged attack against online crime by arresting dozens for alleged cyberfraud and raiding a file-sharing network that allowed users to download copyrighted movies and music for free.
Microsoft #39;s Linux ad  #39;misleading #39; The UK watchdog upheld complaints about a magazine advert which claimed that the open-source operating system Linux was more expensive than Windows.
First  quot;Super Earth quot; planet found A super Earth planet has been discovered in a star system 50 light years away. It is the smallest world to be found outside our Solar System, and probably the first rocky planet found so far, astronomers revealed on Wednesday.
Rbot puts the eye in virus A PEEPING Tom virus that allows hackers to turn on a computer #39;s webcam and microphone and spy on users is spreading through the Internet and local computer networks.
Free Software Day Around The World depechemodem writes  quot;In a follow-up to Microsoft Leaves UN Standards Group, it appears that it may have been in reaction to the UN #39;s sponsorship of the 1st annual software Freedom Day in which its International Open Source Network (IOSN) will educate 
Free Net for some Jamaicans p2pnet.net News:- Jamaica will spend \$5 million on free Internet access for poor communities, says a VOA (Voice of America) report here.
Ukrainians' Medal Stripped The Ukrainian four-woman rowing team is stripped of its bronze medal Thursday after one member tests positive for a banned drug.
Happy 100th Birthday to the Banana Split PITTSBURGH - University of Pittsburgh alumni have won the Nobel Prize, played in the National Football League and unlocked the secrets of DNA. On Wednesday, the university celebrated a less prestigious but equally sweet accomplishment - the banana split...
Iraq's Top Cleric Arrives in Najaf NAJAF, Iraq - Iraq's top Shiite cleric made a dramatic return to Najaf at the head of a massive convoy Thursday hoping to end three weeks of fighting in the holy city, but hours earlier a mortar barrage slammed into a mosque filled with Iraqis preparing to join his march, killing 27 people.    Along with the mortar attack, another group of thousands of marchers heading into Najaf from its sister-city Kufa came under fire from an Iraqi National Guard base...
Barrichello lauds  #39;phenomenal #39; Spa Rubens Barrichello may have to say goodbye to his title aspirations in Belgium this weekend but he doubts tat will take anything away from the  quot;phenomenal sensation quot; he gets lapping the Spa circuit.
Britain wins bronze in sailing 49er class Britain #39;s Chris Draper and Simon Hiscocks have cruised to Olympic bronze in the open 49er class. Hiscocks won silver with Ian Barker four years ago when the high performance 49ers made their Olympic debut in Sydney.
Lashko in gold pole position Irina Lashko has put Australia in a strong medal position going into the finals of the Olympic 3m springboard competition in Athens.
UN begins Sudan security mission A UN envoy has arrived for a close look at the government #39;s efforts to improve security and rein in Arab militia accused of months of atrocities in Darfur, preparing an assessment that could determine whether Sudan will be slapped 
Thai motorcycle bomb kills 1, wounds 30 NARATHIWAT, Thailand - A powerful bomb hidden in a motorcycle killed one person and wounded 30 in Thailands mainly Muslim south on Thursday, a day ahead of Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatras visit to the restive region.
Selling the High Life in Iraq More than a year after Saddam's ouster, a website hawking real estate in Iraq is seeing something of a mini-bubble. Asking prices in the swankier neighborhoods of Baghdad and Najaf are surging against a backdrop of civil unrest. By Joanna Glasner.
RSS Attracts Really Serious Money Really Simple Syndication technology, which lets news junkies get instant info feeds from multiple sites, is grabbing investors' attention. The latest evidence: a multimillion-dollar funding round for RSS developer Technorati. By Daniel Terdiman.
There Turns Off Road to Nowhere After big layoffs and management turmoil, the developer of the metaverse There looked near death. But \$14 million in new funding has pumped some life into the company. By Daniel Terdiman.
Before the Bell - Taser up, Krispy Kreme down Shares of Taser International Inc. (TASR.O: Quote, Profile, Research) rose more than 4 percent before the market opened on Thursday after the stun-gun maker said it received new orders valued at \$1 million.
TN lorry owners don #39;t support strike NEW DELHI: The Tamil Nadu Lorry Owners #39; Federation has decided not to support the strike call given by All India Motor Transport Congress against levy of a 10 per cent service tax on freight booking agents.
Troubled Rentokil rules out break-up STRUGGLING pest control and security specialist Rentokil today ruled out a break-up of the company or any major disposals as it reported back following a sweeping review of the business.
Earnings at China Unicom rise 18 HONG KONG China Unicom, the smaller of the nation #39;s two mobile phone companies, said Thursday that first-half profit rose about 18 percent from a year earlier after buying networks from its parent.
Vodafone, Nokia Team Up for Simpler Mobile Software  AMSTERDAM (Reuters) - Mobile phone giants Vodafone and  Nokia teamed up on Thursday to simplify software for cell  phones written with the Java computer language that promises to  bring cheaper, smarter handsets.
Bomb blast in bus kills two JALPAIGURI: Nearly 50 passengers of an inter-state bus plying between Assam #39;s Kokrajhar district and Cooch Behar in West Bengal escaped miraculously with injuries on Thursday morning when a powerful time-bomb ripped apart the vehicle moments after they 
Consumer Protection: Spam Ask Eileen Harrington, associate director of the FTC's consumer protection bureau, questions about spam and consumer fraud on the Internet.
2 Firms Win Contracts for Missile Work BAE Systems PLC  and Northrop Grumman Corp. won \$45 million contracts yesterday to develop prototypes of anti-missile technology that could protect commercial aircraft from shoulder-fired missiles.
Tech Firms Seek to Soften Anti-Piracy Bill Internet service providers and other technology firms are proposing to soften a bill in Congress that they claim will make them targets of frivolous entertainment industry copyright lawsuits.
Game Boy Add-On Video Is Limiting A pair of new add-ons for Nintendo Co.'s Game Boy Advance turn the handheld into something considerably more than a gaming machine - a video phone and a video player. As long as you bear in mind that you're dealing with a toy, you might not be too bothered by the less than stellar quality.
Building Space Houses On Earth An ESA-designed house that uses technology designed for space could become the basis of the new German Antarctic station, Neumayer-III. The new station has to meet stringent laws set up to protect the Antarctic environment, which is where the use of space technology comes in.
Imaging Technique May Give Heart Attack Early Warning It could highlight dangerous plaque deposits in arteries    HealthDayNews -- Plaque deposits that slowly build up on artery walls can break apart, triggering heart attack or stroke. But a new imaging technology developed by Harvard University researchers uses an enzyme linked to arterial plaque to spot these cardiac 'trouble spots' early on...
Body Asymmetry Tied to Aggression Lashing out more common if one ear or finger is larger    HealthDayNews -- If one of your ears is bigger than the other, it may be a sign you're more likely to be aggressive when you get angry.    So say Ohio State University researchers, who found that the greater the asymmetry between certain body parts -- for example, if one foot, index finger, or ear is bigger than the other -- the more likely a person will show signs of aggression when provoked...
Smokers Fill Rooms With Toxins, Study Finds Airborne endotoxins hundreds of times higher in smoky environments    HealthDayNews -- Smoke-filled rooms may contain levels of endotoxins dozens or hundreds of times greater than smoke-free rooms, says a study by researchers at Lund University in Sweden.     Endotoxins are poisonous airborne substances produced by bacteria...
Taking Regular Pills May Thwart Yeast Infections By JANET McCONNAUGHEY    (AP) -- Women who get lots of painful yeast infections can safely ward them off with a weekly pill, the largest study on the subject has found. Regular, preventive doses of an antifungal drug for six months dramatically cut the number of episodes...
Microsoft preps XP push, deliberates on Longhorn In addition to a holiday-season push, the software giant says it is time to revisit its plans for its ambitious major update.
Infosys to set up second outsourcing facility in China SHANGHAI -- Indian outsourcing company Infosys Technologies Ltd. moved into its Shanghai office in February. Now, the company is running out of space and is scouting locations for a second outsourcing facility in China, a company executive said Wednesday.
Microsoft continues Windows XP SP2 distribution Continuing the roll-out of Windows XP Service Pack 2 (SP2), Microsoft Corp. on Wednesday began pushing the security-focused update to PCs running Windows XP Professional Edition, made it available on Windows Update and started taking orders for SP2 CDs.
Hall of Fame basketball player Calvin Murphy acquitted of sexual &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Hall of Fame basketball player Calvin Murphy was jubilant after a jury cleared him of all charges that he sexually abused five of his 10 daughters more than a decade ago.
Inventor Makes Car Engine that Runs Off Air MELBOURNE, Australia (AFP) -- An Australian inventor claims to have made the world's first commercially-viable motor vehicle powered by compressed air.       The vehicle is being tried out by contractors in Melbourne's parks and gardens over the next 12 months as an alternative to conventional diesel or petrol engines...
WinAmp flayed by skins attack &lt;strong&gt;In brief&lt;/strong&gt; Exploit circulating for unpatched vuln
Induce Act Draws Support, Venom Hollywood loves it. Techies hate it. And now, nine senators are signing on to help it pass. That's the latest chapter in the short history of the Induce Act, a bill aimed at cracking down on technologies that can be used to steal copyright works. By Xeni Jardin.
Where Do the Extra Embryos Go? Every year, in vitro fertilization clinics produce more embryos than they use in helping women get pregnant. A new study shows a wide discrepancy in what happens to the extras, from incineration to freezing. By Kristen Philipkoski.
Seas Seen as Viable Power Source Escalating oil prices and global warming concerns have shifted the quest for renewable energy sources into high gear. While wind and solar claim most of the attention, the dark horse in this race may be the restless energy of the sea. By Stephen Leahy.
First Rose for Texas: Bowl officials happy to have hooked Horns Although Big Ten co-champion Michigan will play in the Rose Bowl, the New Year #39;s Day game will have a Texas twist to it. After losing Pac-10 champion Southern Cal to the national championship Orange Bowl, Rose 
Weapons of Mass Mobilization A quiet couple in Berkeley, California, got sick of being ignored by the system. So they built a new one. How MoveOn.org changed the face of fund raising, brought P2P to political advertising and reinvented grass-roots activism. By Gary Wolf from Wired magazine.
Porn Law Draws Adult Sites' Ire A Justice Department proposal to require more stringent record-keeping of porn stars' identities draws fire from webmasters who run adult sites. If enacted, they say, the regs may make it tough for them to stay in business. By Xeni Jardin.
Jobless Claims Rise on Back of Hurricane (Reuters) Reuters - The ranks of Americans filling for\initial unemployment compensation swelled last week but at\least half of this increase was linked to devastation wrought\by Hurricane Charley earlier this month, the government said on\Thursday.
Jobless Claims Rise on Back of Hurricane  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The ranks of Americans filling for  initial unemployment compensation swelled last week but at  least half of this increase was linked to devastation wrought  by Hurricane Charley earlier this month, the government said on  Thursday.
Doping Weighs Heavily on Weightlifters  ATHENS (Reuters) - Staged in a grand theater in the land of  mythical strongmen Hercules and Atlas, the Athens Olympics were  supposed to herald a rebirth for the sport of weightlifting.
Darfur Rebels Say Power Deal First, Disarming Later  CAIRO (Reuters) - Rebels from Sudan's Darfur region  Thursday rejected calls to disarm or confine their fighters to  their bases before a political solution to the conflict there  has been decided and implemented.
Food Industry Helps Americans Eat Faster Spoons are so old school. And so slow. Harried Americans searching for ways to shave precious seconds from their dining routines have seized on a slew of new foods designed to keep them on the go - no utensils needed.
Grapefruit Lowers Weight, Fights Cancer A grapefruit or two a day, along with a healthy diet, could help shrink widening waistlines. It might also cut smokers' risk for cancer as it inhibits a carcinogen in tobacco smoke.
RealNetworks to Offer Paid Internet Content NEW YORK (AP) -- RealNetworks Inc. (RNWK) survived the dot-com collapse and an assault from Microsoft Corp...
Investor Weighs if Google IPO Was Worth the Time By MICHAEL J. MARTINEZ    NEW YORK (AP) -- Now that a week has passed and I've had time to digest the events surrounding Google Inc...
Microsoft Expands Windows XP Update Release By ALLISON LINN    SEATTLE (AP) -- Microsoft Corp. (MSFT) is starting to ramp up distribution of its massive security update for the Windows XP operating system, but analysts say they still expect the company to move at a relatively slow pace to avoid widespread glitches...
Stocks Set for Flat Open as Oil Seesaws US stock futures pointed to a flat market open on Thursday on volatile oil prices and as investors awaited a key economic report and comments from the Federal Reserve Bank chairman on Friday.
TD buys majority stake in Banknorth Toronto Dominion Bank will acquire 51 percent of US-based Banknorth Group Inc. in a \$3.8 billion cash and stock deal that will allow TD to expand its reach in the Northeastern United States, TD said Thursday.
3 Japanese Automakers Boost Output in July Japan #39;s top three auto makers said Thursday their global production surged in July on brisk demand in overseas markets, but Mazda Motor Corp.
German recovery remains weak Confidence at German companies worsened less than expected in August, the closely-watched Ifo survey showed on Thursday, but the institute #39;s president said a recovery was still not on solid ground.
London Oil Down to \$40; Funds Take Profit London oil prices fell briefly through \$40 on Thursday for the first time in three weeks, extending four sessions of heavy losses made as renewed exports from Iraq and higher-than-expected US gasoline inventories encouraged big-money 
Pirate hubs busted US agents busted an online network suspected of allowing the illegal trading of hundreds of movies, songs, video games and software programs over the Internet, the first such federal action taken 
Teen bullies take to cyber terror A graphic account of how bullies use the medium to harass their victims featured in The New York Times on Thursday. Eighth-grade student Amanda Marcuson reported some classmates to authorities at her new school 
Sri Lanka internet disruption said not caused by I Sri Lanka Telecom Thursday decided to withdraw its case against the Indian ship accused of severing the island #39;s main link to the internet after conclusive evidence that the vessel had nothing to do with the damage caused to submarine fibre optic cable 
Hamish Carter wins men #39;s triathlon Hamish Carter of New Zealand clinched the gold medal for men #39;s triathlon at the 2004 Athens Olympic Games here Thursday. Carter won the three-discipline event at 1 hour 51 minutes and 7.73 seconds.
IOC sanctions two more for anti-doping violations Athens, Greece (Sports Network) - The International Olympic Committee announced today that Ukraine rower Olena Olefirenko, whose team place third in the women #39;s quadruple sculls event, has tested positive for the drug Ethamivan.
Montgomerie and Donald boost Ryder Cup bids Ryder Cup wild card favourites Colin Montgomerie and Luke Donald inspired each other to challenge strongly in the first round of the BMW International Open on Thursday.
Iraq #39;s top cleric arrives in Najaf on peace mission as a mortar &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; By Abdul Hussein Al-Obeidi, Associated Press, 8/26/2004 08:16. NAJAF, Iraq (AP) Iraq #39;s top Shiite cleric made a dramatic return to Najaf at the head of a massive convoy Thursday hoping to end three weeks of 
Thatcher son was planning to flee Mark Thatcher, multi-millionaire businessman and son of former British prime minister Margaret Thatcher, had planned to flee South Africa shortly before he was arrested on charges of being involved in a coup plot to overthrow the government of the central 
German Business Confidence Dips in August (AP) AP - German business confidence dipped in August, reflecting worries about the strength of the country's economic recovery, a survey of German executives showed Thursday.
Regulator: British Broadband Prices Still Too High (Reuters) Reuters - Britain's broadband access charges are\still too high and need to be slashed further to bring them in\line with other nations, the UK's media and telecoms regulator\said Thursday.
Sprint certifies QuickTime, Xserve G5 for phone media (MacCentral) MacCentral - Telecommunications company Sprint on Thursday announced that it has certified Apple's Xserve G5 and QuickTime as mobile multimedia delivery platforms for Sprint's own PCS Vision Multimedia Services. This enables content service providers to use Xserve G5 systems and QuickTime to deliver streaming audio and video clips to Sprint customers whose phones support Sprint's new Vision Multimedia Service. The service provides content from CNN, NBC, Fox Sports, The Weather Channel, E! Entertainment, mFlix and other companies. ...
Players discuss tougher testing policy Phoenix -- Baseball #39;s union leaders, facing calls from some of its members to crack down on steroids, will discuss changing its drug-testing policy today after reports of Barry Bonds #39; and Jason Giambi #39;s explosive grand jury testimony in the BALCO case.
Jobless Claims Rise on Back of Hurricane  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The ranks of Americans filing for  initial unemployment compensation swelled last week but at  least half of this increase was linked to devastation wrought  by Hurricane Charley earlier this month, the government said on  Thursday.
Archaeologists Unearth Lost Military Camp (AP) AP - Arrowheads that turn up in the mud after a heavy rain are common here, but now archaeologists are digging up broken bits of fine china, parts of military uniforms and even charred firewood, relics of one of the biggest Army camps in the earliest days of the republic that went unnoticed for two centuries.
Krispy Kreme Profit Dives, Stock Hammered  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Krispy Kreme Doughnuts Inc.&lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=KKD.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;KKD.N&lt;/A&gt; on  Thursday reported a sharp drop in quarterly profit and signaled  that business may not recover anytime soon, sending its shares  down more than 17 percent in pre-market trading.
Russia Air Crash Flight Recorders May Not Help  MOSCOW (Reuters) - Investigators examined flight recorders  Thursday from Russia's mystery double air crash in which 89  people died, but one official doubted they would be of any use.
Treasuries Moribund, Yield Curve Flattens  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. Treasuries prices were moribund  on Thursday as a drought of major new data left the market at  the mercy of equities and oil price changes.
Brown-Forman Earnings Jump 67 Percent  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Brown-Forman Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=BFb.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;BFb.N&lt;/A&gt;, which  sells products ranging from Jack Daniels whiskey to Lenox  china, on Thursday posted a better-than-expected 67 percent  jump in earnings as aggressive marketing boosted sales of  premium spirits and new wines.
Red Bull drop A1-Ring expansion plans Red Bull Racing has dropped plans for a 700-million euro (\$940 million) revamp of Austria #39;s A1-Ring grand prix track because of environmental concerns, team owner Dietrich Mateschitz said.
Sunflower oil boost to car future UK scientists develop a process for making hydrogen from sunflower oil which may become an important future source of eco-friendly energy.
High-Intensity Training May Prevent Astronauts' Muscle Loss Squats stopped muscle wasting in simulated experiment    HealthDayNews -- High-intensity resistance training may help astronauts maintain muscle strength and size during long space voyages, according to a new study.    The study, published in the Journal of Physiology, included 12 volunteers confined to their beds for 84 consecutive days in order to mimic the effects of living in a zero-gravity environment...
TD Bank to buy New England retail bank Banknorth for \$3.8 billion &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; TORONTO (CP) - TD Bank confirmed Thursday it will buy mid-sized New England retail bank Banknorth for \$3.8 billion US in a cash-and-shares deal.
Oil falls to \$40 London Brent crude has fallen briefly through \$40 for the first time in three weeks, extending heavy losses to a fifth session as renewed exports from Iraq and higher-than-expected US gasoline inventories encourage big-money funds to 
Smithfield Foods Profit More Than Doubles Hog and pork producer Smithfield Foods Inc. (SFD.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Thursday said quarterly earnings more than doubled due to higher hog prices and the acquisition last year of Farmland Foods.
GM pulls Corvette TV ad featuring underage driver Fast and sleek, the Chevy Corvette is the sports car of many a schoolboy #39;s dreams. And, for General Motors Corp., a PR nightmare.
Sunflower oil boost to car future UK scientists have developed a process for making hydrogen from sunflower oil which could prove an important future source of eco-friendly energy.
China Telecom selects Flag Telecom for connectivity to US China Telecom has selected Reliance-owned Flag Telecom to provide international bandwidth capacity between China and US West Coast, under a multi-million dollar contract.
Intel Pentium M dual core chips? No kidding WEB SITE Digitimes, fresh from its typhoon traumas, reckons that Intel will highlight a dual core Pentium M codenamed Napa when it heralds its future directions at the Intel Developer Forum in September.
Keeping up with Jones isn #39;t hard Athens -- What a far cry this is from Sydney for Marion Jones. Comparatively speaking, these are the Olympics Lite, a few days of action and no hint of huge things.
Everton in turmoil It seemed that things couldn #39;t possibly get any worse for Evertonians after what must go down as the most embarrassing close season in the club #39;s history.
Angels score 21 runs in victory ANAHEIM -- Jeff DaVanon has taken a back seat to Vladimir Guerrero and Jose Guillen this season, but the Anaheim Angels backup outfielder etched his name in the teams record book.
Typhoon unleashes devastation on Asia Shanghai - Typhoon Aere crashed into mainland China on Thursday, unleashing torrential rains and prompting the nearly a million people to seek safety, as the death toll climbed to on 35 Thursday after a mudslide killed 15 villagers in Taiwan.
Charges are reduced for one Abu Ghraib defendant MANNHEIM, Germany Charges were reduced Wednesday against a US military policewoman accused in the Abu Ghraib prison abuse scandal.
Dream Team Pulls Away to Beat Spain 102-94 (AP) AP - The U.S. men's basketball team atoned for two preliminary-round losses with a big victory Thursday. The Americans wore down previously unbeaten Spain over the final minutes, pulling away for a 102-94 victory to advance to the semifinals.
British MPs aiming to impeach Blair over Iraq war (AFP) AFP - Eleven members of the British parliament are planning to table a motion in the House of Commons calling for the impeachment of Prime Minister Tony Blair over the way he took the nation into the Iraq war, it was reported.
Olympics: Cut It Out, Give It Back, Cool the Hype  ATHENS (Reuters) - Calls of "cut it out" and "give it back"  competed with a hot United States-vs.-China medals race  Thursday as the 28th Olympiad in Athens went into its final  days with some 80 medals still to be won.
Wall St. Seen Sliding After Jobless Data  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stock futures pointed to a  slightly lower open on Wall Street  on Thursday after a report  showed a larger-than-expected rise in claims for unemployment  benefits, a gauge of strength in the jobs market.
Clippers need 2 OTs to down Bobcats Carlos Boozer of the Utah Jazz shoots against Shandon Anderson of the Miami Heat in Miami #39;s 100-80 win Monday. Corey Maggette scored four of his 33 points in the second overtime and the Los Angeles Clippers 
Enron-Linked Securities Sparks Lawsuit  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Citigroup Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=C.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;C.N&lt;/A&gt; faces a lawsuit  from angry investors who allege they were defrauded in a  "massive scheme of deception" when they bought securities tied  to the credit-worthiness of Enron Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=ENRNQ.PK target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;ENRNQ.PK&lt;/A&gt;.
Guidant Resolves Champion Stent Issues  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Cardiovascular device maker Guidant  Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=GDT.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;GDT.N&lt;/A&gt; said on Thursday it has resolved problems with  its Champion drug-coated stent and plans to launch the heart  device in Europe in mid-2005.
US NBA stars advance by ousting Spain (AFP) AFP - Stephon Marbury scored 31 points and the United States defeated Spain 102-94 in a pressure-packed Olympic men's basketball quarter-final to keep alive their hopes of a gold medal.
Jobless Claims Rise on Back of Hurricane (Reuters) Reuters - The ranks of Americans filing for\initial unemployment compensation swelled last week but at\least half of this increase was linked to devastation wrought\by Hurricane Charley earlier this month, the government said on\Thursday.
TD Buys U.S. Retail Bank, Ups Dividend (Reuters) Reuters - Toronto Dominion Bank (TD.TO), Canada's\second-biggest by assets, said on Thursday it would acquire a\majority stake of U.S.-based Banknorth Group Inc. (BNK.N),\while also boosting its dividend and reporting a 17-percent\rise in profits.
Stocks Open Lower After Jobless Claims  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks opened lower on Thursday  after a report showed a larger-than-expected rise in claims for  unemployment benefits, a gauge of strength in the jobs market.
TD Buys U.S. Retail Bank, Ups Dividend  TORONTO (Reuters) - Toronto Dominion Bank &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=TD.TO target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;TD.TO&lt;/A&gt;, Canada's  second-biggest by assets, said on Thursday it would acquire a  majority stake of U.S.-based Banknorth Group Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=BNK.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;BNK.N&lt;/A&gt;,  while also boosting its dividend and reporting a 17-percent  rise in profits.
Smithfield Foods Profit More Than Doubles  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Smithfield Foods Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=SFD.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;SFD.N&lt;/A&gt; on  Thursday said quarterly earnings more than doubled due to  higher hog prices and the hog and pork producer's acquisition  of Farmland Foods last year.
UPDATE 4-Krispy Kreme profit plunges, stock hammered Krispy Kreme Doughnuts Inc.(KKD.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Thursday reported a sharp drop in quarterly profit and signaled that business may not recover any 
Brown-Forman Earnings Jump 67 Percent Brown-Forman Corp. (BFb.N: Quote, Profile, Research) , which sells products ranging from Jack Daniels whiskey to Lenox china, on Thursday posted a better-than-expected 67 percent jump 
Ingersoll-Rand to Sell Dresser Unit Private equity firm First Reserve Corp. continued its buying spree on Thursday by announcing its \$1.2 billion purchase of industrial equipment maker Dresser-Rand Co.
Smithfield quarterly profits beat outlook SMITHFIELD, Va. Meat processor Smithfield Foods says its income more than doubled in the most recent quarter. The company cites improved profitability in the hog production segment, combined with strong results 
Red Cross needs help with Charley aftermath The Red Cross has issued a call for help from communities across the nation in the wake of Hurricane Charley. The storm system that blew through Florida two weeks ago caused billions of dollars in damage - and 
TD Buys Banknorth, Ups Profit, Dividend  TORONTO (Reuters) - Toronto Dominion Bank &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=TD.TO target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;TD.TO&lt;/A&gt;, Canada's  second-biggest by assets, said on Thursday it would acquire a  majority stake of U.S.-based Banknorth Group Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=BNK.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;BNK.N&lt;/A&gt;,  while also boosting its dividend and reporting a 17-percent  rise in profits.
UPDATE 2-BlackRock buys State Street Research for \$375 mln BlackRock Inc. (BLK.N: Quote, Profile, Research) , one of the largest US fixed income managers, on Thursday said it will buy its far smaller competitor State Street Research  amp; Management Co.
TD Buys US Retail Bank, Ups Dividend Toronto Dominion Bank (TD.TO: Quote, Profile, Research) , Canada #39;s second-biggest by assets, said on Thursday it would acquire a majority stake of US-based Banknorth Group Inc.
Smithfield Foods Profit More Than Doubles Smithfield Foods Inc. (SFD.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Thursday said quarterly earnings more than doubled due to higher hog prices and the hog and pork producer #39;s acquisition of Farmland Foods last year.
Merck Down on Arthritis Study Merck (MRK:NYSE - news - research) shares fell early Thursday after a study sponsored by the Food and Drug Administration concluded that its Vioxx arthritis drug put users at a greater risk to heart attacks than Pfizer #39;s (PFE:NYSE - news - research 
Nokia, Vodafone Launch Java App Simplification Drive Wireless equipment vendor Nokia and wireless operator Vodafone said Thursday that they are launching an initiative to simplify standards for developing mobile Java applications.
Toshiba hikes flash memory output Capacity at Japanese plant to increase 7.5 to meet demand from digital camera, cell phone makers. TOKYO (Reuters) - Toshiba Corp.
Analysis: If It #39;s Embedded, It Better Be Good It #39;s happened many times before, most notably with dial-up modems and Ethernet interfaces: A new network technology initially appears as an add-on, but over time, the technology 
Microsoft keeps MOM with application management Microsoft yesterday released its latest Microsoft Operations Manager (MOM) 2005 and MOM 2005 Workgroup Edition (previously named MOM 2005 Express) system and application management offerings to manufacturing.
Casio updates small, thin Exilim camera range Casio Computer Co. Ltd. has taken the wraps off five new digital still cameras it will begin selling worldwide in the run-up to this year #39;s end-of-year sales season.
Rulon Gardner Says Goodbye To Olympic Wrestling Rulon Gardner, who had already left a big mark in the world of Olympic wrestling, left his shoes on the mat to signify his retirement from the ancient sport.
New Zealand dominate Men #39;s Triathlon to claim historic double ATHENS, 26 August - New Zealand triathletes created history today, after 33-year-old Hamish CARTER executed the perfect tactical race to win the Men #39;s Triathlon at Vouliagmeni, holding off teammate Bevan DOCHERTY, the fastest runner in the sport of 
IAAF launches investigation into Greek doping scandal Track #39;s governing body began investigating Thursday whether two Greek sprinters who withdrew from the Olympics had tried repeatedly to avoid doping testers.
Felix wins silver, sets record Eighteen-year-old Allyson Felix set a world junior record of 22.18 seconds while winning the silver medal in the women #39;s 200. She finished second to former University of Arkansas student Veronica Campbell 
Spain #39;s Martinez/Fernandez wins Olympic men #39;s sailing 49er gold ATHENS, Aug. 26 (Xinhuanet- Spain #39;s Iker Martinez and Xavier Fernandez won the Olympic gold medal in men #39;s sailing 49er at the Athens Olympics here on Thursday.
Bartlett to miss SA World Cup qualifier South Africa have been forced to leave striker Shaun Bartlett out of their squad for next weekend #39;s World Cup qualifier against DR Congo because of an ankle injury.
Thatcher  #39;planned to quit S Africa #39; Sir Mark Thatcher was planning to leave South Africa when he was arrested, authorities in the country said. The son of former Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher is under house arrest and facing the possibility 
Zimbabwe #39;s opposition threatens to boycott elections Zimbabwe #39;s main opposition party Movement for Democratic Change (MDC) has threatened to boycott all elections in the country until the government implements  quot;real quot; electoral 
Microsoft preps XP push, mulls Longhorn 'priorities' Software giant readies slew of new products for the holidays and revisits options for major Windows revision, News.com has learned.
Shadows hang over Jones #39; appearance By the time the competitor wearing number 3293 stepped on to the runway for her first attempt in the women #39;s long jump qualifying competition last night, the sun had long since disappeared over the roof of the Olympic Stadium.
Top Iraqi Shi #39;ite Cleric Arrives in Al-Najaf 26 August 2004 -- Iraq #39;s top Shi #39;ite cleric, Grand Ayatollah Ali al-Sistani, arrived in the city of Al-Najaf today in a bid to end a weeks-long conflict between US forces and militiamen loyal to Shi #39;ite cleric Muqtada al-Sadr.
Armenian accused gives evidence in coup case Malabo - The trial of 18 men charged with plotting to oust Equatorial Guinean President Teodoro Obiang Nguema went into a fourth day on Thursday, with an Armenian pilot accused of being a hired gun for the coup bid giving evidence.
Nokia, Vodafone push for mobile Java standards The world's largest mobile phone manufacturer and Europe's largest wireless operator have launched an initiative to simplify Java standards for mobile devices in a move aimed to help developers create software for multiple Java-enabled devices, thus providing users with a wider choice of Java-based applications.
NBA Today (AP) AP - New Jersey at Cleveland (7 p.m. EST). The Central Division-leading Cavaliers are 7-3 in their last 10 games.
Greenspan: Banks Can Stop Illegal Tying (Reuters) Reuters - Federal Reserve Chairman Alan\Greenspan said internal controls are usually enough to prevent\banks from engaging in illegal "tying," a practice in which\low-cost loans are offered to borrowers who agree to buy other\high-fee services.
After 10 Years of War, Chechens Seek Peace Abroad (Reuters) Reuters - Uma wanted nothing to do with the\Chechen war and sat out the fighting hundreds of miles from her\homeland. But the war found her anyway.
New Hybrid Disc Offers CD-DVD Combination (AP) AP - Recording companies looking to wring more profits out of music sales are hoping to sell retailers on a new hybrid disc. On one side is standard CD audio; on the other, the enhanced sound, video and other media capabilities of a DVD.
'Virtual Girlfriend' Demands Gifts (AP) AP - She needs to be coddled with sweet talk and pampered with gifts, but you'll never see her in the flesh. A Hong Kong company has developed a "virtual girlfriend" for new cell phones with video capability.
India Struggles to Revive Ailing Health Sector (Reuters) Reuters - Whenever Lalibati, a poor farmer's\wife in western India, falls sick, she heads for only one\person: the local faith healer.
Supreme Court will not hear appeal of convicted killer-rapist Larry Fisher (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - OTTAWA (CP) - The man convicted of the brutal murder and rape that kept David Milgaard wrongfully imprisoned for 23 years will not be able to appeal his case to the Supreme Court of Canada.
Brown-Forman #39;s earnings jump 67 Brown-Forman Corp., which sells products ranging from Jack Daniel #39;s whiskey to Lenox china, posted a better-than-expected 67 percent jump in earnings Thursday as aggressive marketing boosted sales of premium spirits and new wines.
Washington Post  #39;heir #39; steps down NEW YORK Steve Coll, the managing editor of The Washington Post for the past six years and the apparent front-runner to succeed the top editor, announced abruptly that he would step down at the end of the year to divide his time between writing books and 
Mitsubishi Motors, DaimlerChrysler reviewing partnership Mitsubishi Motors Corp. suggested Thursday it is in talks with DaimlerChrysler AG to review the existing partnership arrangements between them.
Gymnastics: South Koreans Still Pursuing Yang Gold  ATHENS (Reuters) - South Korea were still lobbying  gymnastics and Olympics officials over the gold medal gymnast  Yang Tae-young lost as a result of a judging mistake, the team  said Thursday.
Microsoft continues Windows XP SP2 distribution Continuing the roll-out of Windows XP Service Pack 2 (SP2), Microsoft Corp. on Wednesday began pushing the security-focused update to PCs running Windows XP Professional Edition 
Justice Department Cracks Down On SHaring The FBI seized computers and software as part of an investigation into illegal sharing of copyrighted materials over peer-to-peer networks, Attorney General John Ashcroft announced.
Nokia and Vodafone to Lead Roadmap for Mobile Java Standards LONDON, Aug. 26 /PRNewswire-FirstCall/ -- In a move that is intended to deliver benefits for the mobile industry and for mobile customers, Nokia and Vodafone today announce the formation of a mobile service architecture initiative.
Internet lets teen bullies inflict suffering from afar The fight started at school, when some teenage girls stole a pencil case filled with makeup that belonged to a new classmate, Amanda Marcuson, and she reported them.
Fourteen Times the Earth - Smallest Ever Extra-Solar Planet &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; This discovery was made possible by the unprecedented accuracy of the HARPS spectrograph on ESO #39;s 3.6-m telescope at La Silla, which allows radial velocities to be measured with a precision better than 1 m/s.
Toshiba to boost flash chip output Toshiba Corp says it plans to boost output capacity for flash memory chips at a plant in central Japan by 7.5 percent to meet robust demand from digital camera and mobile phone makers.
Embedded Wi-Fi Market Undergoing Major Shift SCOTTSDALE, Ariz. -- One of the hottest technology markets, Wireless LAN (WLAN), or Wi-Fi, is undergoing a fundamental shift, according to In-Stat/MDR (http://www.
Casio to release five new digital cameras Casio today announced five new digital cameras for the consumer market, the slim Casio Exilim Card EX-S100 has a 3.2-megapixel sensor, the Casio Exilim Pro EX-P700 is a 7.2-megapixel digital with 4x optical zoom and the Business Shot feature that provides 
Triathlon: Kiwi gets the last kick ATHENS Hamish Carter won the gold in the men #39;s triathlon on Thursday, outkicking the world champion and fellow New Zealander, Bevan Docherty, over the final 500 meters.
Jones looks to end dissonant year on golden note Controversial triple Olympic champion Marion Jones will try to claim the two titles she missed out on in 2000 when she competes in the long jump final and, hopefully, the 4x100 metres relay at the Athens Games on Friday.
Olympic Baseball Makes a Hit in Greece The team that did near the worst in Olympic baseball drew the most fans while the team among the most feared were not there. Such was the Olympic baseball competition, where 
Ukranian rower fails drugs test ATHENS - Ukrainian rower Olena Olefirenko has failed a drugs test at the Olympics and has been stripped of a bronze medal, the International Olympic Committee has announced.
Konstantinos Kenteris: Glorious past, uncertain future MITILINI, Greece Inside the pint-size community theater here, on a street hugging the Aegean Sea, the party was to begin at sundown.
Olympic Baseball Makes a Hit in Greece  ATHENS (Reuters) - The team that did near the worst in  Olympic baseball drew the most fans while the team among the  most feared were not there.
Not guilty, sir, declares David Hicks David Hicks, centre, faces the US military tribunal in Guantanamo Bay yesterday. His father Terry and stepmother Bev are seated at far left.
Zimbabwe opposition to boycott elections until system changes Zimbabwe #39;s opposition party, the Movement for Democratic Change (MDC) announced yesterday that it will boycott all future elections until President Robert Mugabe #39;s government changes its electoral system, ends state violence and repeals repressive media 
Hostage drama shatters city routine It was rush hour and a young police constable, working a pay-duty shift outside the Royal York Hotel, spotted 45-year-old Sugston Anthony Brookes just minutes before 
Paris celebrates 1944 liberation day Large crowds have lined Paris streets to witness military columns roll through marking the 60th anniversary of the citys liberation from German occupation.
Ten Sistani Supporters Killed in Iraq's Najaf  NAJAF, Iraq (Reuters) - At least 10 supporters of Iraq's  top Shi'ite cleric were shot dead in Najaf Thursday when gunmen  opened fire at police who were trying to control the crowd,  prompting the police to return fire, witnesses said.
Iraq's Sistani Arrives in Najaf; 74 Dead in Attacks  NAJAF, Iraq (Reuters) - Iraq's most revered cleric arrived  in Najaf Thursday to try to end a bloody three-week uprising as  tensions were inflamed by attacks on Shi'ite marchers that  killed at least 74 people and wounded 315.
Halkia's Win Extraordinary, Says Pittman's Coach  ATHENS (Reuters) - Fani Halkia's victory in the Olympics  women's 400 meters hurdles was extraordinary but drug-related  questions about the Greek's performance are unfair, Australian  coach Phil King said Thursday.
Top Enron official pleads guilty Enron's ex-head of investor relations pleads guilty to fraud, pays a penalty of \$1.49m and agrees to testify against his ex-bosses.
Yahoo Nazi Memorabilia Ruling Overturned A US appeals court ruled this week that a lower tribunal had no right to decide a case brought against US internet giant Yahoo by two French groups trying to halt online sales of Nazi memorabilia. Documents showed on Wednesday that the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals in San Francisco ...
Search Engine Personalization - The Fallout Search Engine Personalization - The Fallout\\There has been a lot of discussion recently about search engine personalization, with search engines such as Yahoo! and Google experimenting with factoring in profile information to adjust search results based on relevance to a specific user rather than just giving the exact same results ...
How Millionaires are Born There's hope for the next generation when teens begin investing their money.
Pakhalina Leads Diving Semifinals Australian Irina Lashko advances to the final of 3-meter springboard with the top score from Thursday's semifinals.
Dream Team Pulls Away to Beat Spain 102-94 ATHENS, Greece - Stephon Marbury set a U.S. Olympic record with 31 points, and a U.S...
Yemeni Poet Asks to Represent Himself GUANTANAMO BAY NAVAL BASE, Cuba - A Yemeni poet accused of crafting terrorist propaganda asked to represent himself Thursday before a U.S. military commission, but officers said it was not allowed...
Iraq's Top Shiite Cleric Arrives in Najaf NAJAF, Iraq - Iraq's top Shiite cleric made a dramatic return to Najaf at the head of a massive convoy Thursday hoping to end three weeks of fighting in the holy city. But hours earlier, a mortar barrage hit a mosque filled with Iraqis preparing to join his march, killing 27 people and wounding 63...
Jobless Claims Up on Impact of Charley WASHINGTON - The number of new people signing up for jobless benefits rose last week, reflecting the impact of hurricane Charley, which recently tore through Florida.    The Labor Department reported Thursday that new applications for unemployment insurance increased by a seasonally adjusted 10,000 to 343,000 for the week ending Aug...
Giants Walk to 6-5 Win Over Marlins Walking Barry Bonds intentionally to load the bases in the 10th inning turned out to be the wrong move for Florida - because Rudy Seanez then walked pinch-hitter A.J. Pierzynski on four pitches...
Canadian Stocks Fall, Led by Toronto-Dominion Bank, EnCana Canadian stocks fell, led by Toronto- Dominion Bank, after the lender said it would buy a controlling stake in Banknorth Group Inc.
Field Poll: Californians liking economy Bee Staff Writer. Californians are slowly growing more optimistic about the health of the economy, but a majority still feels the state is in bad economic times, according to a new Field Poll.
Open draw reveals potential for Serena vs. Venus in final Serena and Venus Williams drew into opposite halves yesterday of a US Open draw that created the possibility that the sisters could be finalists in the tournament for the third time.
Treasuries Tick Higher, Curve Flattens (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. Treasuries prices were a shade\firmer on Thursday, though gains were tentative at best as a\drought of major data left the market at the mercy of volatile\oil price changes.
Edward C. Baig: Personal Tech - Express takes digital music a step further, but it's no iPod (USATODAY.com) USATODAY.com - Steve Jobs is a master when it comes to figuring out ways to help the masses savor songs digitally. Now Apple's boss is counting on a new lightweight mobile base station called AirPort Express to continue to bang the drum for digital music.
Dollar General's 2Q Profits Up 18 Percent (AP) AP - Discount retailer Dollar General Corp. reported an 18 percent increase in second-quarter earnings, citing a tax benefit and improved sales.
Hormone-Charged Birds Force Out Rivals in West (Reuters) Reuters - Hormone-fueled songbirds are\steadily forcing out a rival species in North America's
Oracle sees enterprise future for Apple Apple #39;s appeal to enterprise and high-end computing grew yesterday when Oracle announced its support and use of Xserves internally.
In letters to Bush, Kerry, Cuban exiles seek firmer anti-Castro US stance (AFP) AFP - In an open letter to US President George W. Bush and his Democratic rival John Kerry, the leading Cuban-American lobby group called for tougher US policies against Cuba's communist government.
Treasuries Tick Higher, Curve Flattens  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. Treasuries prices were a shade  firmer on Thursday, though gains were tentative at best as a  drought of major data left the market at the mercy of volatile  oil price changes.
FDA to Review Eyetech, Pfizer Eye Drug  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A U.S. advisory panel on Friday will  review data on an experimental drug that is injected into the  eye to stop vision loss in elderly patients at risk of going  blind.
Stocks Near Flat as Oil Eases Further  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks were little changed on  Thursday after a report showed a larger-than-expected rise in  weekly jobless claims, but a continued drop in oil prices  boosted investor sentiment.
Greenspan: Banks Can Stop Illegal Tying  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Federal Reserve Chairman Alan  Greenspan said internal controls are usually enough to prevent  banks from engaging in illegal types of "tying," a practice in  which low-cost loans are offered to borrowers who agree to buy  other high-fee services.
IBM claims to treble chip speed with  #39;strained #39; breakthrough IBM says that it has developed a technique of using  #39;strained germanium #39; which, it claims, will triple the performance of commercial chips.
Stocks Decline Despite Slide in Oil Prices Stock prices fell in early trading today with investors collecting some profits after Wednesday's gains.
Vodafone, Nokia Team Up to Simplify Mobile Software  AMSTERDAM (Reuters) - Mobile phone giants Vodafone and  Nokia teamed up on Thursday to simplify software for cell  phones written with the Java computer language that promises to  bring cheaper, smarter handsets.
Nokia, Vodafone team up on Java effort The companies want to create more consistent platforms that can be used with any handset.
School that awarded MBA to cat sued HARRISBURG, Pa. - The Pennsylvania attorney generals office Monday sued an online university for allegedly selling bogus academic degrees - including an MBA awarded to a cat.
Microsoft DRM monopoly fears p2pnet.net News:- European Union antitrust regulators will launch an investigation into whether or not the proposed Microsoft-Time Warner joint acquisition of a US DRM company will strengthen Microsoft #39;s  quot;already leading position quot; in the DRM solutions 
Optus, Vodafone in 3G link TELCOS Optus and Vodafone Australia will combine to create a national 3G mobile network, just three weeks after rival Telstra Corp entered a similar deal.
US weekly jobless claims rise 10,000 to 343,000 WASHINGTON : The line of people filing new claims for jobless benefits grew last week, hurt by damage to businesses caused by Hurricane Charley, a US government report showed.
Penny Miss at Dollar General Dollar General (DG:NYSE - news - research) fell Thursday after reporting cost overruns that left first-quarter earnings a penny shy of Wall Street estimates.
Vivendi wins \$4.6 billion tax windfall PARIS -- Vivendi Universal SA has reached a deal with French authorities to change its tax regime in a deal that will boost its bottom line, the entertainment and telecommunications giant said Thursday.
Apollo #39;s Apple Just a couple of years ago the for-profit education centers were truly living up to their names. They were schooling the market on rich stock gains as the country retooled the workforce in the grand pursuit of higher learning.
Three Odeon Bidders May Know Winner Friday-Sources The three final bidders for Odeon could learn as early as Friday who has succeeded in buying the UK cinema chain for more than 380 million pounds (\$683 million), sources close to the auction said on Thursday.
Microsoft offers kit for XP SP2 application testing IT administrators preparing for the Windows XP SP2 juggernaut may want to catch up on their reading before deploying the service pack.
Silicon carbide: coming soon to a chip near you New Japanese research into silicon carbide growth could revolutionise the electronics industry. A team of scientists has developed a method of making near-perfect silicon carbide crystals.
Nokia, Vodafone team up on Java effort Nokia and Vodafone have positioned themselves at the forefront of further developing Java for mobile devices, with the ultimate aim being more consistent platforms for developers across various handsets.
IBM To Buy Data Management Vendor Venetica IBM continued its data management-related acquisition streak Thursday by announcing plans to buy Venetica, a maker of content integration software.
Microsoft Finalizes MOM 2005 On Wednesday Microsoft announced that it had completed the development of Microsoft Operations Manager (MOM) 2005, its next-generation operations management server product, which will ship in separate versions aimed at enterprises and mid-sized businesses 
Sri Lanka #39;s Internet down after damage to submarine cable Sri Lanka #39;s main telecommunications provider says an Indian cargo ship snapped an undersea fiber optic cable that is a key Internet link between the tropical island and the rest of the world.
 #39;Fab Five #39; search for gold in US women #39;s soccer Athens, Greece (Sports Network) - Mia Hamm, Kristine Lilly, Joy Fawcett, Brandi Chastain and Julie Foudy all played together in the groundbreaking 1991 women #39;s World Cup.
Russian jets #39; black boxes shed little light MOSCOW - Fight recorders have failed to provide reliable information about what brought down two Russian jetliners nearly simultaneously this week, killing 89 people, but that terrorism remained a leading possibility, a top official said today.
Indian violence kills 6, injures 51 Six persons, including two Border Security Force (BSF) men, were killed and 51 others injured in three blasts triggered by United Liberation Front of Asom (ULFA) militants 
Gandhi Kin Urges Palestinians to Rise Up Peacefully The grandson of slain Indian leader Mahatma Gandhi urged Palestinians on Thursday to rise up peacefully to demand an end to Israeli occupation, and said freedom was close.
BA chief signs on for Heathrow holiday duty LONDON (AFP) - British Airways chief executive Rod Eddington and other senior management will help out the ground staff at London #39;s Heathrow airport during the upcoming busy holiday weekend, after days of staff shortages and delays, the company said 
All leads open on Russian plane crashes; press says terrorism (AFP) AFP - Russian authorities said they were still pursuing all leads in their investigation of mysterious twin plane crashes that killed 89 people, while the press attributed the tragedies to terrorism.
More talks scheduled as Italy presses Libya on immigration crisis (AFP) AFP - Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi is aiming to make cooperation with Libya a model for Europe's efforts to stem a tide of illegal immigration from Africa, but further talks are still needed between Tripoli, Rome and the EU to resolve the crisis.
Japanese Music Companies Are Raided (AP) AP - Japan's anti-monopoly agency raided several top record companies Thursday on suspicion they illegally blocked other firms from offering music ringtone services to mobile phone users.
Bush Calls McCain About Anti-Kerry Ads (AP) AP - President Bush wants to work with Republican Sen. John McCain to pursue court action against political ads by "shadowy" outside groups, the White House said Thursday amid growing pressure on the president to denounce attacks on John Kerry's war record.
Nvidia and Sony to jointly develop GPU for PS3 Sony Computer Entertainment Incorporated (SCEI) and Nvidia announced today that they have been working together to develop the custom graphics processing unit (GPU) for SCEI s next-generation computer entertainment system, according to a joint press 
Scientists Say Sunoil Could Power Cars, Homes (Reuters) Reuters - British scientists say they have found a\new, greener way to power cars and homes using sunflower oil, a\commodity more commonly used for cooking fries.
Citigroup Sued Over Enron Securities  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Citigroup Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=C.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;C.N&lt;/A&gt; faces a lawsuit  from angry investors who allege they were defrauded in a  "massive scheme of deception" when they bought securities tied  to the credit-worthiness of bankrupt energy trader Enron Corp.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=ENRNQ.PK target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;ENRNQ.PK&lt;/A&gt;.
Musicians  #39;unconcerned #39; about file sharing A survey of artists and musicians in the US has revealed that a large majority have embraced the internet and consider it to be a helpful tool to their careers.
Baltimore's  quot;Free Books! quot; Charity in Dire Straits I spend anywhere from three to eight hours every week sweating along with a motley crew of local misfits, shelving, sorting, and hauling ton after ton of written matter in a rowhouse basement in Baltimore. We have no heat nor air conditioning, but still, every week, we come and work. Volunteer night is Wednesday, but many of us also work on the weekends, when we're open to the public. There are times when we're freezing and we have to wear coats and gloves inside, making handling books somewhat tricky; other times, we're all soaked with sweat, since it's 90 degrees out and the basement is thick with bodies. One learns to forget about personal space when working at The Book Thing, since you can scarcely breathe without bumping into someone, and we are all so accustomed to having to scrape by each other that most of us no longer bother to say "excuse me" unless some particularly dramatic brushing occurs. 
Apollo's Apple Learning institutions have cooled off lately, but Apollo Group remains upbeat about the future.
DoJ Cracking Down on P2P If this were a Hollywood movie, the federal lawman would be played by an A-list actor. But in the real world, the marshal displays only the familiar, everyman face of U.S. Attorney General John D. Ashcroft, while the film might be a bootleg copy swapped illegally online.  &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-washingtonpost.com&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
China confirms bird flu in pigs China confirms reports that the deadly H5N1 strain of bird flu has been found in its pig population.
IBM grabs content management company Big Blue plans to acquire Venetica to fill out its lineup of software for accessing business documents.
Fab Five Want to Go Out With Gold Medal (AP) AP - The long goodbye ends for the Fab Five on Thursday when the U.S. women's soccer team plays Brazil for the Olympic title. It will be the long-anticipated chance for Mia Hamm, Julie Foudy, Joy Fawcett, Kristine Lilly and Brandi Chastain to end their time together as world champions, a bragging right they haven't been able to claim for five years.
DoJ Cracking Down on P2P (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - If this were a Hollywood movie, the federal lawman would be played by an A-list actor. But in the real world, the marshal displays only the familiar, everyman face of U.S. Attorney General John D. Ashcroft, while the film might be a bootleg copy swapped illegally online.
Brazil Jobless Falls to 7-Month Low  RIO DE JANEIRO, Brazil (Reuters) - Brazil's unemployment  rate fell in July for the third straight month to a seven-month  low of 11.2 percent and wages rose, underscoring the  strengthening economy, official data showed on Thursday.
Getting Into Gottschalks A look at this West Coast retailer reveals a market-crushing year-to-date run.
Wine-tippling in China 9,000 years ago Wine, the elixir of the gods, may be as old as human history, and a team of archaeologists who combine their science with chemistry has found evidence that Chinese were already enjoying sips of fermented rice, honey and fruit in the late Stone Age, more 
Data loss hits Russia crash probe Russian officials remain baffled after examining the black boxes from Tuesday's mystery double air crash.
'Virtual Girlfriend' Demands Gifts HONG KONG - She needs to be coddled with sweet talk and pampered with gifts, but you'll never see her in the flesh. A Hong Kong company has developed a "virtual girlfriend" for new cell phones with video capability...
Fab Five Want to Go Out With Gold Medal ATHENS, Greece - The long goodbye ends for the Fab Five on Thursday when the U.S. women's soccer team plays Brazil for the Olympic title...
SIA, Thai splurge billions on planes BIG aircraft orders from Singapore Airlines and Thai Airways International yesterday underscored the potential for growth in the Asia-Pacific aviation industry.
Optus,Vodafone rebut 3G rivals Optus and Vodafone responded yesterday to the Telstra and Hutchison 3G infrastructure joint venture, unveiling plans to build a 3G network of their own.
Brown-Forman profits, outlook up CHICAGO (CBS.MW) -- Higher margins on the hard stuff and profits from a pair of low-carb wines launched earlier this year helped boost liquor giant Brown-Forman #39;s fiscal first-quarter profits 67 percent.
Merck falls after FDA trial casts cloud on Vioxx Shares of Merck  amp; Co. (MRK.N: Quote, Profile, Research) fell on Thursday after a US study suggested that patients taking its Vioxx arthritis drug had a 50 percent greater risk 
Fairfax, PBL reap advertising bonanza TONY JONES: To business news now and a sharp rebound in the advertising market has improved the fortunes of Australia #39;s media giants.
Bush Calls McCain About Anti-Kerry Ads LAS CRUCES, N.M. - President Bush wants to work with Republican Sen...
Yemeni Poet Says He Is al-Qaida Member GUANTANAMO BAY NAVAL BASE, Cuba - A Yemeni poet accused of crafting al-Qaida propaganda admitted he is a member of Osama bin Laden's terror network in a dramatic appearance Thursday before a U.S. military commission...
 #39;Super #39; Earth found European astronomers sighted the planet orbiting a Sun-like star, mu Arae, in a southern constellation called the Altar and which is bright enough to be seen with the naked eye.
Feds launch Internet crime crackdown Federal agents armed with search warrants conducted raids in three states Wednesday as part of a nationwide crackdown on the theft of copyrighted materials through the Internet, the Justice Department announced.
IBM grabs content management company IBM plans to acquire content-management software maker Venetica, the 18th acquisition that Big Blue #39;s Software Group has made since 2001.
Line Up for Linux On Day of Free Software ADVOCATES of open-source software will celebrate Software Freedom Day on Saturday by holding Linux installation events around the country.
Jones advances to long jump finals After enduring the indignity of having to train at a nearby college track by herself while heats of the 100 and 200 meters were being run, Marion Jones finally made her grand 
Spain #39;s Martinez and Fernandez win 49er gold Athens, Greece (Sports Network) - Spain #39;s Iker Martinez and Xavier Fernandez won gold in the 49er sailing class Thursday. Martinez and Fernandez, reigning world champions, finished seventh in the 16th race and posted 67 net points in the event.
Four Killed as Bombs Rip Through Buses A passenger bus and another carrying paramilitary soldiers and their families were blown up in separate explosions in northeastern Indias insurgency-wracked Assam state today, killing four people and wounding 39 others, officials said.
No pigs with avian flu in Chinese mainland: Ministry There are no pigs in the Chinese mainland infected with the H5N1 virus, or avian flu virus, and relevant research has reached no clear conclusion on H5N1 infecting pigs, announced 
Two Investment Banks Settle with SEC (Reuters) Reuters - Deutsche Bank Securities Inc.  and\Thomas Weisel Partners agreed to pay a combined  #36;100 million to\settle charges involving conflicts of interest between research\and investment banking, U.S. regulators said on Thursday.
Brazil Jobless Falls to 7-Month Low (Reuters) Reuters - Brazil's unemployment\rate fell in July for the third straight month to a seven-month\low of 11.2 percent and wages rose, underscoring the\strengthening economy, official data showed on Thursday.
Britain, S.Africa Renew Call for Fair Zimbabwe Polls (Reuters) Reuters - Britain and South Africa\called jointly Thursday for Zimbabwe to establish a conducive\environment for fair elections next year -- after the main\opposition party said it would boycott them.
Marbury Powers U.S. Over Spain; Coaches Square Off  ATHENS (Reuters) - Officials had to separate the U.S. and  Spanish coaches when an argument erupted at the end of the game  as the United States beat Spain 102-94 in the Olympic men's  basketball quarter-finals Thursday.
Krispy Kreme Profit Drops, Stock Hammered  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Krispy Kreme Doughnuts Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=KKD.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;KKD.N&lt;/A&gt; on  Thursday reported a sharp drop in quarterly profit and signaled  that business may not recover any time soon, sending its shares  down more than 17 percent in pre-market trading.
Two Investment Banks Settle with SEC  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Deutsche Bank Securities Inc.  and  Thomas Weisel Partners agreed to pay a combined \$100 million to  settle charges involving conflicts of interest between research  and investment banking, U.S. regulators said on Thursday.
Deal draws 3G battle lines AUSTRALIA #39;S telecommunications players have chosen sides in the pending war to win consumers to the new generation of mobile phones.
Radcliffe leave its late for 10,000 metres decision (AFP) AFP - British marathon flop Paula Radcliffe is leaving it until the last before deciding whether or not to run in the Olympic 10,000 metres.
Marbury Powers U.S. Over Spain, Coaches Square Off  ATHENS (Reuters) - Officials had to separate the U.S. and  Spanish coaches when an argument erupted at the end of the game  as the United States beat Spain 102-94 in the Olympic men's  basketball quarter-finals Thursday.
Iraq Oil Exports Cut in Half After Attack BASRA, Iraq (AP) -- A sabotage attack on a cluster of about 20 oil pipelines in southern Iraq has cut exports from the key oil producing region by half, a top oil official said Thursday.
EU Probes Microsoft-Time Warner Deal On 12 July, Microsoft and Time Warner, both US companies, sought clearance under the European Union #39;s Merger Regulation for plans to jointly acquire ContentGuard.
Glaxo Settles Paxil Suit With NY Attorney General (Update1) GlaxoSmithKline Plc, Europe #39;s largest drugmaker, said it settled a lawsuit filed by New York Attorney General Eliot Spitzer, who accused the drugmaker last June of withholding safety data on the antidepressant Paxil.
Spirits Boost Brown-Forman Profit Brown-Forman Corp. (BFb.N: Quote, Profile, Research) , which sells products ranging from Jack Daniels whiskey to Lenox china, on Thursday posted a better-than-expected 67 percent jump 
Two Investment Banks Settle with SEC Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. and Thomas Weisel Partners agreed to pay a combined \$100 million to settle charges involving conflicts of interest between research and investment banking, US regulators said on Thursday.
Datawest shares soar on bid by Open Solutions Shares of Datawest Solutions Inc. (DS.TO: Quote, Profile, Research) rose on Thursday after the Canadian maker of software for banks said it would be bought by rival Open Solutions Inc.
UPDATE 1-Argentina loan review delayed, talks continue The International Monetary Fund said on Thursday the third review of Argentina #39;s \$13 billion loan program was delayed but both sides were still talking.
Brazil Jobless Falls to 7-Month Low Brazil #39;s unemployment rate fell in July for the third straight month to a seven-month low of 11.2 percent and wages rose, underscoring the strengthening economy, official data showed on Thursday.
Microsoft Reprimanded for Misleading Linux Ad A UK advertising watchdog group has ordered Microsoft to change an ad that compares the costs of running Linux and Windows operating systems.
EDWARD C. BAIG Steve Jobs is a master when it comes to figuring out ways to help the masses savor songs digitally. Now Apple #39;s boss is counting on a new lightweight mobile base station called AirPort Express to continue to bang the drum for digital music.
Carter leads Kiwi 1-2 punch in Athens Hamish Carter and fellow Kiwi Bevan Docherty shook off the long-shot Swiss youngster, Sven Riederer, with 800 meters to go, then had a friendly duel to the line for Olympic gold on Thursday.
US Women Win Bronze Medal in Water Polo Center fielder Ellen Estes scored three goals including the decider to help the United States beat Australia 6-5 Thursday in the Olympic women #39;s water polo bronze medal game.
Boumsong support for McLeish Jean-Alain Boumsong has come out in full support of Alex McLeish following Rangers #39; exit from the Champions League on Wednesday.
Top Shiite cleric arrives in Najaf to broker peace Iraq #39;s top Shiite cleric made a dramatic return to this violence-wracked city on Thursday aiming to broker a peace deal to end more than three weeks of devastating fighting between US forces and Shiite militants.
Linux group aims for Google-like search KDE developers are crafting a search engine for the desktop, but don't look for it just yet.
News: 'Electronic Jihad' fails to materialise Rumours that the Internet would witness a sustained and devastating cyber-attack by Islamic "cyber-terrorists" today have turned out to be completely baseless.\
Weak GM, Ford Sales Spur Production Cuts?  DETROIT (Reuters) - Hurricane Charley's damaging path  through Florida and the growing ineffectiveness of sales  incentives caused U.S. car and trucks sales to slip in August,  raising the likelihood of costly cuts in vehicle production,  analysts said.
Colo. State Rep. Concedes in House Primary (AP) AP - After a 16-day delay while ballots were counted, a state representative Thursday conceded to the state's former state natural resources chief in the tight GOP primary for the 3rd Congressional District.
Russian Air Crash Flight Recorders May Not Help  MOSCOW (Reuters) - Investigators examined flight recorders  Thursday from Russia's mystery double air crash in which 89  people died, but one official doubted they would be of any use.
Darfur Rebels Say Power Deal First, Disarming Later  ABUJA, Nigeria (Reuters) - Rebels from Sudan's Darfur  region Thursday rejected calls to disarm or confine their  fighters to their bases before a political solution to the  conflict.
Prosecutors seize Yukos records Russian prosecutors seize financial documents for the last two years  from oil producer Yukos, raising fears of fresh tax demands.
Pinochet loses immunity Chile's Supreme Court strips Augusto Pinochet of immunity, paving the way for a possible trial on human rights abuses.
Ditech's Business on Speed Dial Ditech makes the cell phone experience clearer -- and makes for a happy experience for investors.
Bush, McCain Discuss Ads by Outside Groups LAS CRUCES, N.M. - President Bush wants to work with Republican Sen...
Poll: Presidential Race Movement Limited WASHINGTON - Voters are so deadlocked on their choice for president that the campaigns will need to focus on keeping the intensity of support high and turning them out on Election Day, according to pollsters who conducted a bipartisan survey.    The overall race between Democrat John Kerry and President Bush, a Republican, remains deadlocked...
Intel Gives Centrino Chip Line a Wireless Upgrade  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Intel Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=INTC.O qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;INTC.O&lt;/A&gt; on Thursday  said it has upgraded the wireless networking capabilities of  its Centrino line of notebook computer chips to allow broader  network access with improved security.
Drugs Giant to Go Public on All Clinical Trials British pharmaceuticals giant GlaxoSmithKline today agreed to make public information about all its clinical drug trials following accusations that it misled doctors about the safety of an anti-depressant for children.
US weekly jobless claims rise The US Labor Department said Thursday the number of workers filing first-time applications for unemployment benefits rose by 10,000 last week.
Merck Disagrees With Vioxx Analysis Pharmaceutical company Merck  amp; Co.  quot;strongly quot; disagreed Thursday with the conclusions of a Food and Drug Administration-funded study that said use of the company #39;s arthritis pain reliever Vioxx increased the risk of heart attack.
Deutsche Bank, Thomas Weisel settle research charges SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW) -- Deutsche Bank (DB) and Thomas Weisel Partners settled a Securities and Exchange Commission investigation into alleged conflicts of interest over the firms #39; research and investment banking activities.
Smithfield #39;s 1Q Profits Beat Outlook Pork processor Smithfield Foods Inc. said Thursday that improved profitability in the hog production segment, combined with strong results in pork, offset lower earnings in the beef segment to push first-quarter profits above revised expectations.
Argentina visit will be big test for new IMF head Rodrigo Rato visits Argentina next week in a key test for the IMF #39;s new head as strains grow with the fund #39;s third biggest borrower after the government made a risky gamble to halt its loan program.
UK  #39;Ministry of Porn #39; crackdown p2pnet.net News:- UK civil servants have been fired and  quot;disciplined quot; in a crackdown on Net porn at work, says Britain #39;s The Sun newspaper here.
Vodafone, Nokia Team Up to Simplify Mobile Software Mobile phone giants Vodafone and Nokia teamed up on Thursday to simplify software for cell phones written with the Java computer language that promises to bring cheaper, smarter handsets.
Server Shipments Defy Pessimism in the Market Global server sales rose nearly 8 percent in the second quarter, compared to the same period last year, according to new data from Gartner.
CA shareholders back management over bonuses issue AUGUST 26, 2004 (IDG NEWS SERVICE) - Computer Associates International Inc. avoided a revolt at its annual meeting yesterday, when shareholders voted down a proposal requesting that the company #39;s board adopt 
Siemens Warns Loud Phone Tune Could Damage Hearing Mobile phone tunes are considered by many to be a curse of modern life, but for users of some Siemens handsets they could be a positive hazard to health, the German engineering giant warned on Thursday.
IBM buys content integration vendor To help its customers get a handle on all the data scattered across their enterprises, IBM Thursday announced plans to acquire Venetica, a privately held company that makes content integration software.
Teenage bullies thrive in cyberspace The fight started at school, when some eighth-grade girls stole a pencil case filled with makeup that belonged to a new classmate, Amanda Marcuson, and she reported them.
Jana vows to rise from the rubble ATHENS was hit by an earthquake named Fani Halkia yesterday and Jana Pittman was left crying in the rubble of her shattered dreams.
New Zealand wins gold, silver in triathlon They battled over the final three kilometers before Carter pulled ahead for a victory by just under eight seconds. Carter covered the three-event competition in one hour, 51 minutes, 7.73 seconds.
Gardner takes his bronze and retires Rulon Gardner defeated Iran #39;s Sajad Barzi, 3-0, in overtime in the 264-pound division of Greco-Roman wrestling at Ano Liossia Olympic Hall.
Rezazadeh reigns as world #39;s strongest man The  quot;Iranian Hercules quot; Hossein Rezazadeh extended his reign as the world #39;s strongest man this morning, defending his super-heavyweight Olympic weightlifting gold medal with a jaw-dropping display of strength.
US women win bronze in water polo Athens, Greece (Sports Network) - Ellen Estes scored the game-winning goal with just 2:20 remaining, leading the United States women #39;s water polo team to a 6-5 victory over Australia in the bronze medal match Thursday.
No place for Anelka or Silvestre in Domenech #39;s squad to face &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; France coach Raymond Domenech named his 20-man squad Thursday for upcoming 2006 World Cup qualifying matches against Israel and the Faroe Islands.
IBM buys content integration developer IBM Corp. has agreed to acquire content integration software maker Venetica Corp., a move that continues IBM's pattern of snapping up its business partners to augment its software portfolio.
'Phishing' Scam Now Lures German Banking Clients (Reuters) Reuters - Two clients of Germany's Postbank\(DPBGn.DE) fell for an e-mail fraud that led them to reveal\money transfer codes to a bogus Web site -- the first case of\this scam in German, prosecutors said on Thursday.
Weak GM, Ford Sales Spur Production Cuts? (Reuters) Reuters - Hurricane Charley's damaging path\through Florida and the growing ineffectiveness of sales\incentives caused U.S. car and trucks sales to slip in August,\raising the likelihood of costly cuts in vehicle production,\analysts said.
Texans LB Bell Placed on Injured Reserve (AP) AP - The Houston Texans placed inside linebacker Marcus Bell on injured reserve Wednesday with a shoulder injury he suffered last weekend in a game at Pittsburgh.
Brent Crude Falls to \$40  LONDON (Reuters) - London Brent crude fell briefly through  \$40 on Thursday for the first time in three weeks, extending  heavy losses to a fifth session as renewed exports from Iraq  and higher-than-expected U.S. gasoline inventories encouraged  big-money funds to take profits.
Canada's TD Buys Banknorth for \$3.8 Bln  TORONTO (Reuters) - Toronto-Dominion Bank &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=TD.TO target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;TD.TO&lt;/A&gt; made a  much-anticipated push into U.S. retail banking on Thursday,  announcing it would acquire a majority stake in Banknorth Group  Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=BNK.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;BNK.N&lt;/A&gt; for \$3.8 billion.
American Hoopsters No One's Dream Anymore  ATHENS (Reuters) - The days of U.S. domination of the  Olympic basketball tournament are over and so, it appears, is  the fans' love affair with the American Dream Team.
Africa puts hope in Darfur talks as Sudan dismisses UN ultimatum (AFP) AFP - Sudan's government defiantly dismissed a UN deadline for it to disarm its proxy militia in the Darfur region, insisting it would resolve the conflict there through ongoing African Union peace talks.
Ranks of Poverty-Stricken, Uninsured Rise The number of Americans living in poverty increased by 1.3 million last year, while the ranks of the uninsured swelled by 1.4 million, the Census Bureau reported Thursday.
UK Launches Own Case Against Cleric Sought by U.S.  LONDON (Reuters) - British anti-terrorism police arrested  Thursday Muslim cleric Abu Hamza al-Masri who was already  jailed in London under a U.S. arrest warrant.
Deutsche Bank Paying \$87.5M Settlement Deutsche Bank Securities has agreed to pay \$87.5 million to settle allegations that it issued stock research that was biased by its investment-banking business, regulators announced Thursday, as part of a crackdown on conflicts of interest on Wall Street.
Fred #39;s profit down after June and July disappoint Discount retailer Fred #39;s Inc. (FRED.O: Quote, Profile, Research) on Thursday said second-quarter profit fell, hit by increased markdowns, higher diesel fuel costs and other factors, sending its shares down almost 19 percent.
Career Education falls 7 pct after news report Shares of Career Education Corp. (CECO.O: Quote, Profile, Research) fell on Thursday, after a newspaper said a grand jury probe was launched that could result in criminal charges against the company.
Update 1: Official Threatens BofA on State Funds The state treasurer has threatened to withdraw some state funds from Bank of America because of job cuts and other moves following its acquisition of Fleet Boston Financial Corp.
Target janitorial provider settles overtime claim Global Building Services Inc., a Newhall, Calif.-based company that provided janitorial services to Target stores in California, Arizona, Nevada and Texas, has agreed to pay \$1.
IBM Brings High-Performance Computing to Houston (Ziff Davis) Ziff Davis - The company's third supercomputing center will focus on the energy industry.
Motorola, DoCoMo to make 3G phones for businesses Motorola and NTT DoCoMo, Japan #39;s top mobile phone operator, plan to jointly develop third-generation handsets, giving Motorola a way into a market largely out of reach for foreign manufacturers.
Minister  #39;sickened #39; by staff web porn use The pensions minister has condemned hundreds of his staff for using the internet at work to view pornography, including images of children.
Microsoft Ordered to Pull Anti-Linux Ad The British watchdog agency charged with monitoring fairness and accuracy in advertising has ordered Microsoft to pull print ads comparing the total cost of ownership of Linux and Windows.
Intel Gives Centrino Chip Line a Wireless Upgrade Intel Corp. (INTC.O: Quote, Profile, Research) on Thursday said it has upgraded the wireless networking capabilities of its Centrino line of notebook computer chips to allow broader network access with improved security.
Everton rejects Rooney bids from Man Utd, Newcastle Everton said Thursday it has rejected Manchester United #39;s bid for star striker Wayne Rooney and Newcastle #39;s revised offer for the same player.
Andrey Moiseev: One verstatile guy Andrejus Zadneprovskis of Lithuania got the silver. Libor Capalini of the Czech Republic won the bronze. Modern pentathlon combines shooting, fencing (one duel against every other competitor 
Chile #39;s Supreme Court lifts Pinochet #39;s immunity from prosecution SANTIAGO : Chile #39;s Supreme Court lifted the immunity from prosecution of former dictator Augusto Pinochet, who faces criminal charges over the disappearance of political opponents during Operation Condor.
10:16 am: Hungary #39;s designated prime minister must wait a month &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The millionaire businessman Hungary #39;s Socialists have chosen as this country #39;s next prime minister, will have to wait a month before he can be formally 
UK Launches Own Case Against Cleric Sought by U.S.  LONDON (Reuters) - British police launched their own  terrorism case Thursday against a Muslim cleric already jailed  in London under a U.S. arrest warrant.
Chechnya Bans Masks, to Open Fire on Infringers  MOSCOW (Reuters) - Police in the Russian region of Chechnya  have new orders to open fire on anyone wearing a mask, the  local interior minister was quoted as saying Thursday.
Satellite fault shuts train doors A satellite system which automatically opens train doors has failed, leaving passengers stuck on board.
Russia: Terrorism Leading Theory on Plane Crashes A top Russian official said Thursday that flight recorders failed to provide reliable information about what brought down two jetliners just minutes apart, but for the first time a government leader conceded that terrorism was considered the leading possibility.
Briefly: Cisco reports access control server flaws roundup Plus: Toshiba tinkers with Wi-Fi for TV...Music promoter offers concert downloads...WS-I tackles Web services attachments.
Mobile hard drive carries Linux The drive, loaded with the open-source OS, can be plugged into the USB port of any computer to turn it into a Linux machine.
Cisco reports access control server flaws Hackers could exploit the vulnerabilities to launch DOS attacks and bypass user authentication on the servers.
HP to lead consumer launch with branded iPod Friday product launch to put music player at forefront of effort to make once-stodgy printer manufacturer "cool."
GlaxoSmithKline settlement with NY includes drug study info &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; A lawsuit filed by New York State Attorney General Eliot Spitzer against GlaxoSmithKline over charges that the pharmaceutical company withheld information about the safety and effectiveness of Paxil has been settled.
German business circle shows pessimism on growth German business confidence dropped in August, reflecting concerns about economic recovery in the country, a survey made by a leading economic institute showed Thursday.
Nasdaq chief comments on NYSE controversey HOUSTON -- The New York Stock Exchange could have avoided the controversy over former chief Richard Grasso #39;s \$187.5 million pay package if it had faced more competition, the head of the Nasdaq Stock Market said Wednesday.
New Windows XP update  #39;huge #39; If Microsoft Corp. possessed the panache of Apple Computer Inc., it would have named the new Windows XP operating system release after a fabulous feline, as in Jaguar or 
Balancing P2P and Copyright Infringement Internet file sharing, commonly referred to as peer-to-peer (P2P) networking, allows individuals to trade copies of their digital files over the Internet.
Vodafone and Nokia team up on software Mobile phone giants Vodafone and Nokia have teamed up to simplify software for cell phones written with the Java computer language that promises to bring cheaper, smarter handsets.
Mobile hard drive carries Linux Peripheral maker LaCie released on Thursday a mobile hard drive loaded with, MandrakeSoft #39;s version of the Linux operating system.
This isn #39;t same Lion Heart, trainer says Trainer Patrick Biancone says the Lion Heart who will try to get 1 1/4 miles in Saturday #39;s Travers is not the same Lion Heart who failed to get the same distance in the Kentucky Derby 17 weeks ago.
Kufa Shelled As Iraqi Shiite Cleric Leaves For Najaf Shiite cleric Ayatollah Ali Hussien al-Sistani has begun a trip to the city of Najaf to help bring an end to the fighting there. Once he arrives, he plans to lead a peace march.
Thatcher charged over coup plot SIR Mark Thatcher could face 15 years in jail after being charged yesterday with helping to finance a mercenary plot to topple the head of an oil-rich African state.
Iraq oil line attacks spark price rise fear THERE were fresh fears over petrol prices today after saboteurs attacked a number of pipelines in southern Iraq. The latest attacks add further pressure on petrol companies to raise prices at the pumps in order to protect their investment.
Nokia, Vodafone Collaborate on Mobile Java Nokia and Vodafone announced they will team up for a mobile service architecture initiative, with the aim of simplifying mobile Java standards.
Server shipments and revenue increase The latest Gartner figures show that both server shipments and revenue increased in Q2 as Hewlett-Packard and IBM lost market share to Sun and Dell.
25 killed in mortar attacks on Kufa mosque: World News Najaf, Aug 26 : At least 25 people were killed and over 60 wounded when mortars slammed into a mosque where thousands of supporters of radical Shia cleric Moqtada al-Sadr had gathered in the southern Iraqi town of Kufa Thursday, Xinhua reports 
Typhoon Aere kills 34; thousands evacuated from coastal areas in &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; SHANGHAI, China Typhoon Aere (EYE #39;-ray) is tearing through mainland China where nearly a (m) million people have been ordered to leave their homes.
Jets Trying to Forget Last Giants Game (AP) AP - Don't remind any of the New York Jets about their last meeting with the local rival Giants. The Jets' season pretty much fell apart that Saturday night last summer when Chad Pennington broke his right wrist.
Nasdaq Down, Dow Flat  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. technology stocks fell in light  trading on Thursday after a brokerage cut its forecast for the  semiconductor industry, while blue chips were flat as a  continued drop in oil prices eased investor worries.
Iraq's Sistani in Najaf; 74 Killed in Two Cities  NAJAF, Iraq (Reuters) - Iraq's most revered cleric arrived  in Najaf Thursday to try to end a bloody three-week uprising  but attacks on crowds of Shi'ites that killed at least 74  inflamed tensions as tens of thousands converged on the city.
Smithfield Foods Profit High on the Hogs  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Smithfield Foods Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=SFD.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;SFD.N&lt;/A&gt;, one of  the nation's largest meat producers, on Thursday said quarterly  earnings more than doubled due to higher hog prices and its  acquisition of Farmland Foods last year.
News: WinAmp flayed by skins attack A serious security flaw in NullSoft's popular WinAmp player opens the door for crackers to seize control of vulnerable systems.
Sprint Certifies Xserve and QuickTime Sprint and Apple announced that the Xserve G5 and QuickTime have been certified as mobile multimedia delivery platforms for Sprint #146;s new PCS Vision Multimedia Services. Aug 26
New Hungarian PM faces popularity test The man picked to take over as Hungary's prime minister, Ferenc Gyurcsany, will have to convince voters that joining the euro is worth making sacrifices for.
Maker of Antidepressant Drug to Release All Trial Results In a settlement that the New York State attorney general said would transform the drug industry, GlaxoSmithKline agreed today to release the results of all its drug clinical trials.
My Fund Manager Ate My Retirement! How much of your retirement savings are consumed by your mutual funds?
Judge Stops Partial-Birth Abortion Ban NEW YORK - In a highly anticipated ruling, a federal judge found the Partial-Birth Abortion Ban Act unconstitutional Thursday because it does not include a health exception.    U.S...
Video Girlfriends Demand Diamonds A Hong Kong company has developed a virtual girlfriend for cell phones with video capability. Also: RealNetworks offers paid internet content   hellip;.Vodafone, Nokia team up to simplify mobile software   hellip;. and more.
Toronto-Dominion to buy stake in Banknorth Toronto-Dominion Bank of Toronto said Thursday it agreed to acquire a 51 percent stake in New England regional bank Banknorth Group Inc.
Glaxo Settles Paxil  #39;Suicide Pill #39; Suit GlaxoSmithKline Plc (GSK.L: Quote, Profile, Research) has agreed to release all clinical studies of its drugs to settle a lawsuit that accused it of withholding negative information about the antidepressant Paxil, the New York 
Ride the Cyclical Wave Some stocks you buy and never sell. Others you bought and wish you #39;d sold. But there are those cyclical stocks that should be bought and sold repeatedly over the years as their prices move in time to the economy.
Video Girlfriends Demand Diamonds She needs to be coddled with sweet talk and pampered with gifts, but you #39;ll never see her in the flesh. A Hong Kong company has developed a  quot;virtual girlfriend quot; for new cell phones with video capability.
IBM to Buy Content Management Developer Venetica IBM on Thursday agreed to acquire Venetica Corp., a maker of content integration software that allows enterprises to access and embed unstructured data including business documents, e-mail, digital media, still images, and Web pages.
Olympics: Kenteris and Thanou to be investigated by athletics &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; ATHENS : Greek sprinters Kostadinos Kenteris and Ekaterini Thanou are to be investigated by the world governing body of athletics and face being charged with a doping offence, it was announced.
Bertuzzi pleads not guilty Vancouver Canucks star Todd Bertuzzi has pleaded not guilty to a charge of assault causing bodily harm. The plea was entered during a brief arraignment hearing Thursday morning in a Vancouver court room.
Chile Court Lifts Pinochet Immunity in Rights Case Chile #39;s Supreme Court stripped former dictator Augusto Pinochet of immunity from prosecution on Thursday in one notorious human rights case, raising hopes of victims 
Brown-Forman Earnings Jump 67 Percent Brown-Forman Corp. , which sells products ranging from Jack Daniels whiskey to Lenox china, on Thursday posted a better-than-expected 67 percent jump in earnings as aggressive marketing boosted sales of premium spirits and new wines.
Oil Falls for Fifth Session as Iraq Truce Eases Supply Concern Crude oil futures fell for a fifth session, the longest period in 10 months, as a cease-fire in Najaf eased concern that shipments from Iraq will be disrupted.
Prosecutors Again Raid Yukos Offices Russian prosecutors have again raided the offices of the country #39;s giant oil firm Yukos, seizing financial documents covering the past two years.
Germany wins bronze ATHENS, Greece - Womens World Cup champion Germany settled for bronze at the Olympics, beating Sweden 1-0 Thursday on Renate Lingors goal and a spectacular game from goalkeeper Silke Rottenberg in her 100th international appearance.
Double Russian Air Disaster  #39;A Terrorist Act #39; Suspicions grew today that terrorists were to blame for the twin airline crashes, with a top official saying terrorism was the main theory and many Russians insisting the double disaster could not be explained by mere coincidence.
Almost Half of Video Gamers Cutting TV Use --Study (Reuters) Reuters - Nearly half of video game players\watched less television last year or plan to cut their viewing\time this year, according to a report issued on Thursday that\lends credence to industry fears that young men are switching\off the tube.
Israeli, Palestinian ministers meet in Italy (AFP) AFP - Israeli Foreign Minister Silvan Shalom and his Palestinian counterpart Nabil Shaath held "extremely useful" talks in the Italian Adriatic resort city of Rimini, Italy's Foreign Minister Franco Frattini said.
US poverty rate climbs, along with number lacking health coverage (AFP) AFP - The number of Americans living in poverty or without health insurance grew last year, a government survey showed, adding potential dynamite in the battle for the White House.
Five killed, scores hurt as rebels bomb buses in India's northeast (AFP) AFP - Five people were killed and scores wounded in northeast India when militants blew up two buses, threw a grenade into a market and triggered twin blasts on a railway track, officials said.
US Sees Japan Beef Trade Unlikely in 2004  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Japan's lucrative market for U.S.  beef, ruptured by mad cow disease worries, is likely to remain  closed for the rest of this year, U.S. meat industry officials  said on Thursday.
Almost Half of Video Gamers Cutting TV Use --Study  LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - Nearly half of video game players  watched less television last year or plan to cut their viewing  time this year, according to a report issued on Thursday that  lends credence to industry fears that young men are switching  off the tube.
HP's iPod to lead consumer push Friday product launch will count on music player to deliver cool factor to once-stodgy printer maker.
GlaxoSmithKline settles with NY, will disclose drug study info A lawsuit filed by New York State Attorney General Eliot Spitzer against GlaxoSmithKline over charges that the pharmaceutical company withheld information about the safety and effectiveness of Paxil has been settled.
Work Begins on US Missile Defense for Commercial Airliners US officials are taking steps to head off fears that terrorists could use portable anti-aircraft missiles to shoot down civilian airliners.
Update 5: Oil Prices Slide, Despite Iraq Export Drop Oil prices fell for a fifth consecutive day Thursday despite a sharp drop in Iraqi exports after pipelines were sabotaged - evidence that the bull market may have lost some steam.
BlackRock Paying \$375 Million for State Street Research MetLife expects the transaction to have a positive impact to net income of between \$145 million and \$165 million. Shares of New York-based BlackRock, an investment management firm, rose \$1.
Yukos accounting division raided; Russian official warns of money &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Russian prosecutors continued their onslaught against the country #39;s largest oil producer on Thursday, raiding the accounting division of Yukos and seizing documents.
Update 2: German Business Confidence Dips in August An index of German business confidence dipped in August, reflecting worries about the strength of the country #39;s economic recovery, a survey of German executives showed Thursday.
UK fires civil servants for viewing porn The British government has fired 19 civil servants and disciplined more than 200 in an unprecedented crackdown on viewing Internet pornography at work, officials said Thursday.
Nokia, Vodafone Partner on Mobile Service Architecture Nokia and Vodafone, in conjunction with Sun Microsystems, would define the licensing framework of the initiative, while the role of creating and licensing the Technology Compatibility 
Intel expands Centrino capabilities SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW) - Intel expanded the capabilities of its Centrino chips Thursday by introducing support for an additional wireless networking standard known as 802.
Global Server Revenue Jumps in Second Quarter IBM held tight to its top ranking for server revenue, laying claim to a 30.7 percent market share in the quarter. HP -- which topped the charts in terms of units shipped -- remained in second place on the revenue list with 27.
EDS Sells Wireless Group Continuing its transformation process, EDS (Quote, Chart) sold off one of its wireless software ventures for \$57 million, officials said Thursday.
MS Pushes MOM 2005 out the Door Drowned by the hoopla surrounding SP2 for Windows XP, Microsoft announced yesterday that both versions of Microsoft Operations Manager 2005 (MOM 2005) were released for manufacturing, the final step before they become officially available.
From Dreamers to Cinderellas Write down the date, Aug. 26, and the time, 2:30 pm in Athens. Its the moment that Olympic basketball entered a new era. Itsa real basketball tournament now, almost a 
Olympics-German women beat Swedes to take bronze Germany beat Sweden 1-0 in a repeat of the 2003 World Cup final to take Olympic bronze in the women #39;s soccer tournament on Thursday.
Taiwan claims first two taekwondo golds Athens, Greece (Sports Network) - The first taekwondo medals of the Athens Games were awarded Thursday night in the men #39;s and women #39;s flyweight division, and Taiwan captured both golds.
Rangers bolster goaltending by signing Weekes Goaltender Kevin Weekes signed Thursday with the New York Rangers, who expect the unrestricted free agent to compete for the No. 1 job with Mike Dunham.
Eq. Guinea might seek Thatcher extradition Equatorial Guinea might seek the extradition of Mark Thatcher from South Africa where he is charged with bankrolling a coup attempt, The Sun said Thursday.
Saboteurs Attack About 20 Iraq Pipelines BASRA, Iraq Aug. 26, 2004 - Saboteurs have attacked about 20 oil pipelines in southern Iraq, reducing exports from the key oil producing region by at least one third, a top oil official said Thursday.
More BA flights cancelled British Airways passengers at Heathrow Airport have suffered further travel disruption with two more flights cancelled due to  quot;technical quot; problems.
Janco Partners Initiates Google with 'Sell' Rating (Reuters) Reuters - Janco Partners on Thursday\initiated coverage of Google Inc. with a "sell" rating and a\target price of  #36;76, saying while the world's No. 1 Web search\provider's fundamentals are strong, its current stock valuation\is too high.
Mountain West Changes TV Networks (AP) AP - Mountain West Conference football and basketball games will move from ESPN to College Sports Television in the fall of 2006.
Huge fire erupts at ammunition depot in eastern India; thousands evacuated (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - NEW DELHI (AP) - Firefighters and police evacuated thousands of villagers and battled a huge fire Thursday in a government ammunition depot in the eastern Indian state of Orissa, police said.
New Shuttle Tanks Should Not Shed Foam (AP) AP - NASA's redesigned space shuttle fuel tanks should no longer shed dangerous pieces of foam when launches resume next spring, officials said Thursday.
U.N. Warns of Full-Scale Locust Plague in Africa (Reuters) Reuters - Locust swarms infesting Mauritania and\other African nations could develop into a full-scale plague\without additional foreign aid, the U.N. Food and Agriculture\Organization said Thursday.
No. 1 Illinois Defeats Chicago St. 78-59 (AP) AP - Even though Illinois moved to the top of the college basketball poll for the first time in almost 16 years, the Illini were too busy preparing for Chicago State to celebrate.
Oil Prices Slide Despite Iraq Export Drop WASHINGTON (AP) -- Oil prices fell for a fifth consecutive day Thursday despite a sharp drop in Iraqi exports after pipelines were sabotaged -- evidence that the bull market may have lost some steam.
Europe's New War with America The EU says competition is bad, especially if it might produce a winner.
Business As Usual at Moscow Airport (AP) AP - From well-heeled businessmen with briefcases to mothers carting weather-beaten baggage, passengers streamed through Domodedovo Airport on Thursday  #151; business as usual at the terminal from which two doomed airliners departed.
Nokia, Vodafone join forces to simplify mobile phone software (AFP) AFP - Finnish mobile phone giant Nokia and British mobile operator Vodafone said they would collaborate to simplify mobile phone software using the Java computer language, paving the way for cheaper mobile phones in the long run.
Liberal MP has no apology for calling U.S. missile defence supporters idiots (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - OTTAWA (CP) - Prime Minister Paul Martin didn't ask Carolyn Parrish to retract her latest anti-American slur, and the maverick MP has no plans to back down, she says.
Survey: Powell, Guiliani Could Also Be VP (AP) AP - More than half the delegates to next week's Republican National Convention were willing to suggest a new running mate for President Bush if Dick Cheney leaves the ticket, an Associated Press survey found.
Olympics: Cut It Out, Give It Back, Cool the Hype  ATHENS (Reuters) - Calls of "cut it out" and "give it back"  competed with a hot United States-vs.-China medals race  Thursday as the 28th Olympiad in Athens went into its final  days with over 70 medals still to be won.
Ibrahim Wins Egypt's First Gold in 56 Years  ATHENS (Reuters) - Greco-Roman wrestler Karam Ibrahim won  Egypt's first Olympic gold medal in 56 years on Thursday,  crushing Ramaz Nozadze of Georgia in just over three minutes to  lift the 96kg title in Athens.
Stocks Down, Starbucks, Techs Fall  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks were slightly lower on  Thursday, as a broker downgrade on the semiconductor industry  rattled investors, while coffee-shop chain Starbucks &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=SBUX.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;SBUX.O&lt;/A&gt;  disappointed with slowing growth.
Vaso Active: Settles SEC Fraud Charges  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Drug maker Vaso Active Pharmaceuticals  Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=VAPH.PK target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;VAPH.PK&lt;/A&gt; on Thursday said U.S. regulators approved a  settlement with the company and its former chief executive over  allegedly misleading disclosures in public documents.
Bertuzzi Pleads Not Guilty to Assault (AP) AP - Todd Bertuzzi of the Vancouver Canucks pleaded not guilty Thursday to an assault charge stemming from a hit on Steve Moore during a game that left the Colorado Avalanche forward with a broken neck.
Vodafone Australia to share 3G network with Optus SYDNEY, AustraliaFollowing a similar announcement by rivals earlier this month, Vodafone Australia and Optus said they agreed to share third-generation network sites and infrastructure.
Glaxo settles suit over Paxil GlaxoSmithKline has agreed to disclose information on all clinical studies of its drugs to settle a lawsuit that accused it of withholding negative information about the antidepressant Paxil, the New York Attorney General #39;s office says 
Mortgage Rates Inch Higher The weekly survey from mortgage company Freddie Mac had rates on 30-year fixed-rate mortgages inching higher this week, up to an average 5.82 percent from last week #39;s 5.81 percent.
BIOTECH STOCKS LOS ANGELES (CBS.MW) -- Biotechnology and pharmaceutical stocks fell Thursday, with Merck helping drag down the sector on word its Vioxx drug could increase the risk of cardiovascular trouble.
Deutsche Bank, Weisel to Pay \$100 Mln to End Probe (Update1) Deutsche Bank AG and Thomas Weisel Partners LLC will pay a total of \$100 million to settle allegations they published misleading stock research to win investment-banking business, becoming 
S amp;P raises outlook on Ingersoll-Rand Standard  amp; Poor #39;s on Thursday raised its outlook on Ingersoll-Rand Co. to  quot;positive quot; from  quot;stable, quot; citing the proposed sale of its Dresser-Rand business unit.
State Street Research State Street Research, which isn #39;t related to State Street Corp., was founded in 1924 by investor and former Harvard University treasurer Paul Cabot in Boston.
Guidant says stent #39;s market share up Indianapolis-based Guidant Corp., which co-promotes Johnson  amp; Johnson #39;s Cypher drug-coated heart stent, says the device #39;s market share has risen by as much as half, helped by Boston Scientific Corp.
IE Flaw Affects Windows XP SP2 Systems Microsoft on Thursday flatly denied reports that one of Windows XP Service Pack 2 #39;s most touted features leaves users open to possible attacks.
Intel formally introduces tri-mode Wi-Fi chip As expected, Intel introduced its tri-mode wireless chip Thursday with several software enhancements to the product to help improve security and reliability, it said during a Webcast.
Feds Raid P2P Users, RIAA Pushes Lawsuits US Attorney General John Ashcroft said the crackdown sent a message to  quot;those who steal over the Internet, quot; with Assistant Attorney General Christopher Wray adding the crackdown represented the 
Nokia, Vodafone Push For Java Standards Mobile phone giants Nokia and Vodafone are pushing to create a universal Java standard to create a more consistent platform for developers of different handsets.
CA Shareholders Reject Compensation Recovery Plan Executives urge patience as the company continues to review payments to executives who left in the wake of an accounting scandal. By Darrell Dunn.
Fishing Just for Fun Damages Stocks, Study Finds People fishing for sport are doing far more damage to US marine fish stocks than anyone thought, accounting for nearly a quarter of the 
Russian Oil Project to Be Vetted for Whale Threat A top environmental group said on Thursday it had agreed to probe an oil and gas project led by Royal Dutch/Shell off the Russian far east coast because of fears it threatens endangered whales.
IBM Acquires Content-Managment Developer Venetica IBM has reached an agreement to purchase Venetica, a privately held developer of content-integration software. The acquisition will enable IBM to provide improved ability to integrate unstructured 
Analysts Hint at Bounce in Chip Stocks Despite the beatings chip stocks have endured during the past few months, some analysts on Thursday hinted a bounce might lurk behind a sector whose shares have been punished on concerns customer demand has withered.
Siemens 65 series defect could lead to hearing damage A defect in Siemens 65 series mobile phones could lead to failures in audio transmission, the company warned. Because of the software defect, when a phone call is cut off due to a low battery, the disconnection 
Janco Partners Initiates Google with  #39;Sell #39; Rating Janco Partners on Thursday initiated coverage of Google Inc. with a  quot;sell quot; rating and a target price of \$76, saying while the world #39;s No.
Triathlon:  #39;Shagged #39; Docherty delighted Ultra-competitive Bevan Docherty rated himself a golden chance in the Olympic men #39;s triathlon last night - but he had a satisfied smile as he fingered the silver round his neck shortly after the finish.
Russia, Japan lead team sychronized swimming; Americans march to &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Russia, Japan and the United States were 1-2-3 after the Olympic team technical event, the same places they finished in the duet competition a day earlier.
Andrejus Zadneprovskis of Lithuania grabs silver ATHENS, Greece -- Andrey Moiseev of Russia won the gold medal in the men #39;s modern pentathlon, beating out Andrejus Zadneprovskis of Lithuania.
Pinochet Stripped Of Immunity A court stripped Gen. Augusto Pinochet of his immunity from prosecution Friday, paving the way for the trial of the former Chilean dictator on human rights charges.
China Confirms Bird Flu in Pigs China has confirmed that it found a deadly strain of bird flu in pigs as early as two years ago. China #39;s Agriculture Ministry said two cases had been discovered, but it did not say exactly where the samples had been taken.
Attacks cut Iraq #39;s oil exports in half: report Oil exports from Iraq have been cut in half by a series of well-orchestrated attacks, officials said Thursday, but the news failed to have any immediate impact on oil prices.
Australian Air Force to be armed with stealth cruise missiles Australia will equip its Air Force with stealth cruise missiles to maintain military superiority over its neighbours, the Government announced yesterday.
British anti-terrorism police arrest radical cleric Abu Hamza British police Thursday arrested radical Muslim cleric Abu Hamza al-Masri under the Terrorism Act at a prison in southeast London where the cleric was already jailed under a US extradition warrant.
One million join ranks of US poor An extra 1.3 million Americans slid into poverty in 2003 while health care cover also fell, official figures show.
Fewer mortgages approved in July The number of mortgages approved for house purchases fell by more than a fifth in July, the British Bankers' Association says.
Sell Starbucks? Comparable sales growth in August was a little lighter than expected, causing a sell-off. That doesn't mean sell.
Black Eyed Peas to Produce Music for 'Urbz' Game  LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - The band that brought the  infectious grooves of "Hey Mama" and "Let's Get It Started" to  nightclubs across America has signed up to do the same for a  video game where success is measured by how cool players are.
Texas School to Offer Women's Gaming Scholarship  LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - As part of a drive to attract more  women into the male-dominated video game industry, a program  for aspiring game developers at Southern Methodist University  will offer a women-only scholarship, organizers said on  Thursday.
Black Eyed Peas to Produce Music for 'Urbz' Game (Reuters) Reuters - The band that brought the\infectious grooves of "Hey Mama" and "Let's Get It Started" to\nightclubs across America has signed up to do the same for a\video game where success is measured by how cool players are.
Calif. to Vote on  #36;3B Stem Cell Project (AP) AP - Silicon Valley tycoons, Nobel laureates and Hollywood celebrities are backing a measure on California's Nov. 2 ballot to devote  #36;3 billion to human embryonic stem cell experiments in what would be the biggest-ever state-supported scientific research program in the country.
Cool Midwest Summer Creates Bigger Spiders (AP) AP - Midwestern spiders always get big as they prepare to lay eggs, but this year they're even fatter thanks to a cool, wet summer that sustained their favorite snack  #151; insects.
New Shuttle Fuel Tanks Should Not Shed Foam By MARCIA DUNN    CAPE CANAVERAL, Fla. (AP) -- NASA's redesigned space shuttle fuel tanks should no longer shed dangerous pieces of foam when launches resume next spring, officials said Thursday...
Krispy Kreme Doughnut Reward Plan Raises Concerns Krispy Kreme has offered to reward students with a doughnut for every A on their report card - up to six per grading period - sparking concern among school officials trying to fight childhood obesity.
'Drug Train' Takes Americans to Canada for Pills VANCOUVER, British Columbia (AP) -- Carla Coco-Boutte stepped off the train for a brief Canadian excursion, but she wasn't looking for typical souvenirs such as aboriginal carvings or smoked salmon. The 51-year-old former airline employee planned to return to her home in Santa Barbara, Calif., with an armload of prescription drugs she bought at a fraction of what she would pay at home...
More Platinum Found in Women With Breast Implants By DIEDTRA HENDERSON    WASHINGTON (AP) -- Researchers have found high concentrations of platinum in women who got silicone breast implants and in the children they bore and breast-fed afterward.    The type of platinum found in the women's blood and urine was different than the traces of regular platinum not uncommon in people's bodies...
CIOs expect moderate hiring, study says IT job growth will be driven primarily by the nation's largest employers, according to new data.
Breakthrough promises hotter, tougher, faster chips Developments in silicon carbide wafers may lead to a new world of fast, robust electronics.
Intel's Centrino connects with all Wi-Fi standards New component will help next generation of Intel's wireless chip reach full audience for Wi-Fi.
Smithfield profits from protein-rich pork The flip side of low-carb dieting is high-protein eating, and that #39;s helping boost profits at Virginia #39;s Smithfield Foods, the world #39;s biggest pork producer.
Bill Gates Gives \$400,000 to California Stem-Cell Bond Measure Microsoft Corp. Chairman Bill Gates has donated \$400,000 to a campaign in California trying to win approval of a measure calling for the state to sell \$3 billion in bonds to fund stem-cell research.
Northwest #39;s Net move hits more turbulence Galileo International is cutting privileges for Northwest Airlines on its travel reservation system, after the airline said it would put an extra charge on bookings made outside its Web site.
Intel #39;s Centrino connects with all Wi-Fi standards Intel announced on Thursday a component that #39;s compatible with all Wi-Fi standards, which will let the chipmaker reach the full audience of individuals seeking to be wirelessly connected.
Sport Fishing Takes Big Bite Out of Fish Stocks Recreational fishing accounts for almost a quarter of the total take of depleted saltwater fish species in the United States, including economically important species such 
IBM buys Venetica Computer giant IBM Thursday acquired Venetica, a privately held company based in Charlotte, NC. The acquisition is expected to close in the fourth quarter.
Breakthrough promises hotter, tougher, faster chips Powerful processors that run hot but need no cooling and devices capable of withstanding extreme environments may be the result of new research reported today in Nature, the science journal.
Syniverse to acquire EDS Interoperator Syniverse Technologies in Tampa signed a purchase agreement to acquire EDS Interoperator Services North America for approximately \$57 million payable in cash.
Intel formally introduces tri-mode Wi-Fi chip As expected, Intelintroduced its tri-mode wireless chip Thursday with several software enhancements to the product to help improve security and reliability, it said during a Webcast.
US, Brazil tied 0-0 in gold medal match ATHENS, Greece - The US-Brazil soccer game for the gold has started, with a 0-0 score in the first half. This is an unexpected and interesting matchup: the US #39;s seasoned veterans face an up-and-coming, hungry 
Israel foils suicide bombing attack: radio Israeli soldiers have foiled a possible suicide bombing attack and detained a Palestinian woman, Israel Radio reported on Thursday.
Hamza held under Terrorism Act Hamza, 47, was held this morning on suspicion of involvement in the  quot;commission, preparation or instigation of acts of terrorism quot;.
New Hybrid Disc Offers CD-DVD Combination SAN DIEGO (AP) -- Recording companies looking to wring more profits out of music sales are hoping to sell retailers on a new hybrid disc. On one side is standard CD audio; on the other, the enhanced sound, video and other media capabilities of a DVD...
Tech Firms Seek to Soften Proposed Anti-Piracy Bill By ALEX VEIGA    LOS ANGELES (AP) -- Internet service providers and other technology firms are proposing to soften a bill in Congress that they claim will make them targets of frivolous entertainment industry copyright lawsuits.    The group, which includes Verizon Communications Inc., SBC Communications Inc...
Man Buys Up Domain Names in Bush Push RUTLAND, Vt. (AP) -- Type vermontdemocrats.com into your computer and you'll get a surprise: the re-election Web site of President Bush, a Republican...
Boeing in \$7.5 bn deal with SIA SIA receives offers from both Airbus (the A330-200)  amp; Boeing (the 7E7) for its regional routes. Singapore Airlines (SIA) yesterday said it would buy up to 31 long-range Boeing 777s in an order worth up to 
Deutsche Bank, Thomas Weisel Join Research Settlement Deutsche Bank (DB:NYSE - news - research) and Thomas Weisel Partners, two holdouts from last year #39;s so-called global settlement involving tainted Wall Street research, have finally reached their own deals with regulators.
Smithfield Doesn #39;t Go Whole Hog When was the last time you heard about a company more than doubling its profit from the previous year, but an error in judgment restrained that profit?
Gates, others lead California effort for stem cell research Silicon Valley tycoons, Nobel laureates and Hollywood celebrities are backing a measure on California #39;s Nov. 2 ballot to devote \$3 billion to human embryonic stem cell experiments in 
CenturyTel to offer EchoStar TV service CenturyTel Inc. (CTL.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Thursday said it would offer EchoStar Communications Corp.(DISH.O: Quote, Profile, Research) satellite television service to 
OPEC expects oil prices to fall to \$30 per barrel The Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) expects to see a fall in global oil prices to as much as US\$30 per barrel, its president Purnomo Yusgiantoro said here on Thursday.
Intel Unveils Tri-Mode Centrino Intel Thursday unveiled tri-mode Centrino technology that will enable laptops to access WLANs based on the 802.11a, b and g specifications.
Siemens warns of problem with 65-series phones Siemens has issued a statement warning users of a bug in their 65-series handsets (C65, CX65, M65, S65, SL65 as well as all provider variations such as the CV65, CT65, CXV65 and CXT65).
ATHENS OLYMPICS 2004 / US beats Spain to reach semis Stephon Marbury, concerned about his lousy shooting in Athens, used an off day to go to the gym and work on his shot. By finding his range, he saved the United States #39; hopes for a basketball gold medal.
Mystery Persists Behind Causes Of Double Plane Disaster Russia is observing a day of mourning for the 89 people killed in two plane crashes that occurred within minutes of one another late on 24 August.
Panama Pardons Four Anti-Castro Figures (AP) AP - Panama's president on Thursday pardoned four Cuban emigres accused of trying to assassinate Cuban President Fidel Castro despite Havana's threat to cut diplomatic ties over such a move.
Researchers Urge Stricter Fishing Rules (AP) AP - Millions of casual fishermen reel in a higher take of the nation's most prized saltwater fish than previously thought, researchers say, prompting them to urge improved regulation of recreational fishing.
 quot;Phishing quot; lures German banking clients Two clients of Germany #39;s Postbank have fallen for an e-mail fraud that led them to reveal money transfer codes to a bogus Web site -- the first case of this scam in German, prosecutors say.
EU launches another probe into Microsoft monopoly The European Commission has announced that it is to investigate the recent purchase by Microsoft and Time Warner of ContentGuard, a specialist in digital rights management.
Nigeria hits Shell with 840m compensation claim SHELL has been hit by an 840 million compensation claim from the Nigerian government only 24 hours after being fined in Britain and the United States.
Krispy Kreme #39;s Bad Dough This morning, Motley Fool Stock Advisor pick Krispy Kreme Doughnuts (NYSE: KKD) announced that second-quarter 2005 net income dropped by 56 from last year despite higher sales.
Mortgage rates edge higher Mortgage rates around the country crept up this week, although 30-year mortgages still were below the 6 percent level for a fourth straight week, Freddie Mac reported Thursday.
USA: Smithfield Foods reports higher Q1 earnings US meat processor Smithfield Foods has said its first-quarter earnings more than doubled from the year-ago period, boosted by higher sales.
Bill Gates contributes to stem cell campaign Microsoft Corp. chairman Bill Gates contributed \$400,000 to the campaign backing a California ballot measure that would make billions of dollars available for human embryonic 
US Weekly Jobless Claims Rise The US Labor Department said Thursday the number of workers filing first-time applications for unemployment benefits rose by 10,000 last week.
Big German banks hit by phishing attacks Two of Germany #39;s biggest banks became the latest victims of phishing attacks last week as internationally organized criminal groups roam the globe seeking new targets, according to a spokesman at Postbank.
Halkia #39;s Win Extraordinary, Says Pittman #39;s Coach Fani Halkia #39;s victory in the Olympics women #39;s 400 meters hurdles was extraordinary but drug-related questions about the Greek #39;s performance are unfair, Australian coach Phil King said Thursday.
NHL #39;s Bertuzzi Pleads Not Guilty to On-Ice Assault NHL star Todd Bertuzzi pleaded not guilty on Thursday to an assault charge for an on-ice attack that left a player with a fractured neck and shocked the sporting community.
Australia plans  #39;most lethal #39; cruise missiles SYDNEY, Aug 26 (AFP): Australia announced plans Thursday to acquire long-range cruise missiles that will give its defence force the  quot;most lethal capacity quot; for air combat in the region.
Senior Islamic Militant Wounded in Gaza Blast An explosion wounded a senior Islamic Jihad field commander in a Gaza refugee camp Thursday in what the Palestinian militant group called an Israeli assassination attempt.
American to Test Onboard Food Sales (Reuters) Reuters - American Airlines on Thursday said it\will begin testing onboard food sales to coach passengers in\September on a handful of flights, including several in the\Dallas and New York markets.
Intel Updates Wireless Chips, Software (AP) AP - Intel Corp. unveiled an update to its wireless networking technology Thursday, adding simpler software, improved security and support for a more robust, less interference-prone radio standard.
Intel Launches Tri-Mode Wi-Fi Chipset (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - Intel has unveiled a new Centrino chipset that supports three \Wi-Fi standards, along with new wireless software and improved security features.
Stocks Near Flat, Starbucks, Techs Fall  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. blue chips were near unchanged on  Thursday but technology stocks slipped, as a broker downgrade  on the semiconductor industry rattled investors, while  coffee-shop chain Starbucks &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=SBUX.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;SBUX.O&lt;/A&gt; disappointed with slowing  growth.
Kerry Challenges Bush to Weekly Debates (Reuters) Reuters - Democrat John Kerry on Thursday\challenged Republican President Bush, to weekly debates from\now until the Nov. 2 presidential election.
American to Test Onboard Food Sales  CHICAGO (Reuters) - American Airlines on Thursday said it  will begin testing onboard food sales to coach passengers in  September on a handful of flights, including several in the  Dallas and New York markets.
Charlize Theron to Be Face of Dior Perfume NEW YORK - Add Christian Dior to the list of Charlize Theron fans. The company announced Thursday that the Oscar winner will be the new face of J'adore, the designer's fragrance that debuted in 2000...
Dream Team Hits Jumpers, Downs Spain ATHENS, Greece - Larry Brown was right. The Americans did start hitting their jump shots, and suddenly they look as if they might be the team to beat at the Athens Games...
Deutsche Bank, Weisel to Pay \$100 Mln to End Probe (Update2) Deutsche Bank AG and Thomas Weisel Partners LLC will pay a total of \$100 million to settle allegations they published misleading stock research to win investment-banking business, becoming 
Shell to pay \$1.5 bn as eco-claims in Nigeria LONDON, August 26 (New Ratings) - The beleaguered global oil giant, Shell (SHE1.ETR), has been reportedly asked by the Nigerian government to pay \$1.
Beware That WinAmp Skin The popular skinning feature in Nullsoft #39;s WinAmp media player has left the door wide open for malicious attackers to hijack PCs.
U.S. call center jobs moving to Canada Research firm predicts closure of more than 3,000 U.S. centers as jobs fly north.
Nokia, Pointsec team on mobile data security Nokia has teamed with Pointsec Mobile Technologies AB on encryption technology for smart phones based on the Nokia Series 60 and Series 80 design platforms, which run on the Symbian operating system.
CA shareholders back management over bonuses issue Shareholders yesterday rejected a proposal requesting that Computer Associates' board adopt a policy of revoking executive bonuses paid based on financial results that are later revised.
Via Tunes Open-Source Media Player Xine media player takes advantage of video accelerators in Via chipsets.
Stocks Near Flat, Starbucks, Techs Fall (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. blue chips were near unchanged on\Thursday but technology stocks slipped, as a broker downgrade\on the semiconductor industry rattled investors, while\coffee-shop chain Starbucks (SBUX.O) disappointed with slowing\growth.
Russian Oil Project to Be Vetted for Whale Threat (Reuters) Reuters - A top environmental group said on\Thursday it had agreed to probe an oil and gas project led by\Royal Dutch/Shell off the Russian far east coast because of\fears it threatens endangered whales.
NASA Experts Report Drought Forecast Breakthrough (Reuters) Reuters - Climate experts at NASA believe they\have found a way of forecasting droughts and floods months in\advance, the New Scientist magazine reported on Wednesday.
Responding to McCain, Bush Plans Legal Action on Ads (Reuters) Reuters - President Bush on Thursday\sought to smooth over differences with Sen. John McCain by\promising to take legal action to stop political ads by outside\groups, including those attacking the war record of Bush's\Democratic presidential rival, John Kerry.
Equatorial Guinea Wants Thatcher Extradited --Lawyer  MALABO, Equatorial Guinea (Reuters) - Equatorial Guinea  wants Mark Thatcher, son of former British Prime Minister  Margaret Thatcher, extradited from South Africa after his  arrest on suspicion of involvement in a coup attempt, one of  the country's lawyers said Thursday.
Auditors get poor grade Big four accounting firms made several major errors last year, regulator says in first report. NEW YORK (Reuters) - The nation #39;s four biggest accounting firms didn #39;t get very good grades for auditing their 
Ingersoll-Rand to sell Dresser unit for \$1.2bn NEW YORK: Ingersoll-Rand has agreed to sell its Dresser-Rand energy equipment business to private equity firm First Reserve, which specialises in the energy industry, for \$1.
Intel updates wireless chips, software Intel Corp. unveiled an update to its wireless networking technology Thursday, adding simpler software, improved security and support for a more robust, less interference-prone radio standard.
Sport fishermen depleting some saltwater species Americans fishing for sport along coastlines or at sea are doing far more damage to US marine fish stocks than anyone thought, accounting for nearly a quarter of the catch from overfished species, researchers report in the latest issue of the journal 
IBM to Buy Software Developer Venetica International Business Machines Corp. said Thursday that it agreed to acquire Charlotte, NC-based Venetica, a privately held developer of software for organizing and accessing business documents and media.
NASA #39;s backup plan involves rescue shuttles, space station Significant technical challenges, particularly trouble encountered while developing a way to repair severe wing panel damage, have led NASA to develop an unprecedented backup plan.
 #39;It still hasn #39;t sunk in #39; - Fridman #39;s father  #39;I awoke at 2 am in a daze and couldn #39;t get back to sleep, quot; Uri Fridman says of the morning after his son earned Israel #39;s first-ever Olympic gold medal in mistral windsailing in Athens.
Al-Sistani Wants US-Led Forces to Leave Najaf (Update2) Grand Ayatollah Ali al-Sistani, Iraq #39;s foremost Shiite cleric, wants US-led military forces to leave Najaf and nearby Kufa as a condition for establishing peace with cleric Moqtada al 
Russian jets #39; crashes still mysterious MOSCOW (CP) - Russia mourned 89 victims of a double air disaster today as debate intensified over whether the two passenger liners could have plunged almost simultaneously from the sky by accident.
CenturyTel to Offer EchoStar Service (Reuters) Reuters - CenturyTel Inc. (CTL.N) will offer\EchoStar Communications Corp. (DISH.O) satellite television\service to its customers in 22 states, the rural telephone\company said on Thursday.
U.S. Says Over 100 Arrested in Internet Crime Sweep (Reuters) Reuters - More than 100 people have been\arrested in the largest global crackdown to date on identity\theft, hacking and other Internet-based crimes, Attorney\General John Ashcroft said on Thursday.
Via Tunes Open-Source Media Player (PC World) PC World - Xine media player takes advantage of video accelerators in Via chipsets.
4 killed, dozens wounded in separatist violence in India's Assam state (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - GAUHATI, India (AP) - Bombs ripped through two buses, killing four people and wounding 39 others, and a series of blasts elsewhere injured 15 more as separatist violence surged Thursday in India's northeastern Assam state, police said.
MCI Offers to Pay Part of States' Claims  NEW YORK (Reuters) - MCI Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MCIP.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;MCIP.O&lt;/A&gt; has offered to pay  states from 2 cents to 30 cents on the dollar to settle charges  it owes them as much as \$2 billion in back taxes, people  familiar with the matter said on Thursday.
Cal's Tedford Seeks Accountability in Poll (AP) AP - Jeff Tedford plans to keep California in contention for a Rose Bowl berth during each season of his new five-year contract.
Citigroup Sued Over Enron Securities  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Citigroup Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=C.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;C.N&lt;/A&gt; faces a lawsuit  from angry investors who allege they were defrauded in a  "massive scheme of deception" when they bought securities tied  to the credit-worthiness of bankrupt energy trader Enron Corp.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=ENRNQ.PK target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;ENRNQ.PK&lt;/A&gt;
Darfur Rebels Say Power Deal First, Disarming Later  ABUJA (Reuters) - Rebels from Sudan's Darfur region  Thursday rejected calls to disarm or confine their fighters to  their bases before a political solution to the conflict is  found.
Confusion as Yemeni Faces U.S. Military Tribunal A Yemeni accused of guarding Osama bin Laden with explosive belts seemed to acknowledge his Al Qaeda membership.
CenturyTel to Offer EchoStar Service  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - CenturyTel Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=CTL.N qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;CTL.N&lt;/A&gt; will offer  EchoStar Communications Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=DISH.O qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;DISH.O&lt;/A&gt; satellite television  service to its customers in 22 states, the rural telephone  company said on Thursday.
Prices climb after bombing spree LONDON: World oil prices rebounded slightly Thursday in the wake of multiple pipeline attacks in major producer Iraq, traders said.
Update 2: Gilead Sciences Stocks Rise Six Percent Biotechnology stocks were trading down marginally Thursday afternoon with the large exception of Gilead Sciences Inc., whose shares were boosted by good results for an HIV treatment.
ConocoPhillips eyes \$2B stake in LUKOIL Reuters reported Thursday that Russian officials confirmed that Houston-based oil giant ConocoPhillips is interested in taking a \$2 billion stake in Russian oil major LUKOIL.
Centrino to connect with all Wi-Fi standards Intel on Thursday announced a component that #39;s compatible with all Wi-Fi standards, which will let the chipmaker reach the full audience of individuals who want to wirelessly connect to local area networks.
Revenge Really Is Sweet, Study Shows Revenge feels sweet, and Swiss researchers said on Thursday they have the brain scans to prove it. In a study investigators said might 
How Not to Get  #39;Phished #39; With phishing attacks skyrocketing, the Federal Trade Commission (FTC) has issued a consumer alert detailing ways Web surfers can avoid being fleeced by online scammers.
Via Tunes Open-Source Media Player Via Technologies has released a version of the open-source Xine media player that is designed to take advantage of hardware digital video acceleration capabilities in two of the company #39;s PC chipsets, the CN400 and CLE266.
Practice makes Marbury near perfect No, not by hopping the next flight out of Athens, which was what all the US men #39;s basketball players no doubt felt like doing after shooting bricks and playing like strangers in their miserable first week of the Olympics.
Bangladesh to take Interpol #39;s help to solve Hasina attack Dhaka, Aug 26 (UNI) Bangladesh Foreign Minister M Morshed Khan said the government has decided to take Interpol #39;s help to investigate the August 21 grenade attack on Opposition Leader Sheikh Hasina.
S Korea sees trouble ahead on N.Korea nuclear talks South Korea is sceptical about reaching a substantive agreement at the next round of six-party talks aimed at dismantling North Korea #39;s nuclear programmes, Seoul #39;s top negotiator to the talks said today.
Centrino to connect with all Wi-Fi standards New component will help next generation of Intel's wireless chip technology reach full audience for Wi-Fi.
Intel Unveils Tri-Mode Wi-Fi Chip Centrino update supports 802.11 a, b, and g wireless, and offers improved security.
MCI Offers to Pay Part of States' Claims (Reuters) Reuters - MCI Inc. (MCIP.O) has offered to pay\states from 2 cents to 30 cents on the dollar to settle charges\it owes them as much as  #36;2 billion in back taxes, people\familiar with the matter said on Thursday.
Dozens of Internet Crime Suspects Nabbed (AP) AP - A summer-long effort targeting Internet crime has resulted in dozens of arrests and convictions on charges including use of "spam" e-mail to steal credit card numbers, computer hacking and online fraud, Justice Department officials said Thursday.
NCAA Denies Reinstatement for Williams (AP) AP - Southern California wide receiver Mike Williams has had his request to be reinstated denied Thursday by the NCAA.
Global Warming Means More Frost-Free Days - Report (Reuters) Reuters - Frost will become less and less\common across much of the world as global warming accelerates,\U.S. researchers reported on Wednesday.
Senators: Intel Chief Needs Budget Power (AP) AP - Two senators working on legislation that would overhaul U.S. intelligence agencies said Thursday a new intelligence chief should have significant and clear power over the budget.
Long Jump Gold for American Dwight Phillips  ATHENS (Reuters) - Dwight Phillips of the United States  completed a hat-trick of global long jump titles when he  crushed the field with his opening leap to take gold in  Thursday's Olympic final Thursday.
Chiron Delays Flu Vaccine Shipments  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Chiron Corp. said on Thursday it is  delaying the shipment of its flu vaccine, Fluvirin,  because it  has found a small number of lots that do not meet product  sterility standards.
Marbury Leads Dream Team Past Spain 102-94 ATHENS, Greece - Written off after their opener and branded failures back home, Stephon Marbury and the Americans are showing signs that they just might be the team to beat after all. Marbury set a U.S...
Top Russian Official: Plane Terror Likely MOSCOW - A top Russian official acknowledged on Thursday what many citizens already suspected - that terrorism was the most likely cause of two jetliners crashing minutes apart, a feeling reflected in a newspaper headline warning that "Russia now has a Sept. 11."   Just a day after officials stressed there were many possibilities besides terrorism, presidential envoy Vladimir Yakovlev told Russia's ITAR-Tass news agency that the main theory "all the same remains terrorism."   He said the planes' flight recorders had not provided any clues to the disaster...
Aide: Al-Sistani Brokers Najaf Peace Deal NAJAF, Iraq - Rebel cleric Muqtada al-Sadr agreed Thursday to a peace deal presented by top Shiite cleric Grand Ayatollah Ali Husseini al-Sistani to end three weeks of fighting in the holy city of Najaf, according to a top aide to al-Sistani.    Al-Sistani, the most influential cleric among Iraq's Shiite majority, reached the deal in direct talks with al-Sadr in the evening, only hours after making a dramatic return to Najaf...
Crawford sprints to gold Shawn Crawford leads an American 200m 1-2-3 amid extraordinary scenes in the Olympic Stadium.
Oil Slides, Najaf Peace Deal Struck Oil prices fell for the fifth day in a row on Thursday after word of a peace deal in the embattled Iraqi city of Najaf raised hopes of more reliable oil shipments from the energy-rich country and encouraged a run of profit-taking by 
Harris Corp. to add 200 DC-area jobs Melbourne, Fla.-based Harris Corp. says it will expand its Washington area work force after winning an IT support contract from the National Reconnaissance Office.
IBM Buys Venetica for Content IBM (Quote, Chart) announced Tuesday that it will acquire Venetica to manage access to its DB2 Information Integrator for Content software.
Nokia, Vodafone join forces to simplify mobile phone software HELSINKI : Finnish mobile phone giant Nokia and British mobile operator Vodafone said they would collaborate to simplify mobile phone software using the Java computer language, paving the way for cheaper mobile phones in the long run.
Finding Super-Earths A European team of astronomers has discovered a planet only 14 times more massive than the Earth. This is the smallest extra-solar planet discovered so far, and it lies at the threshold of the largest possible 
Tomlinson can #39;t rise to the challenge There was disappointment for Britain in the men #39;s long jump final this evening, after Chris Tomlinson could only manage fifth place.
Goosen leads BMW Open; Montgomerie a stroke back Two-time US Open champion Retief Goosen shot a 6-under-par 66 Thursday for the first-round lead at the BMW Open, and Colin Montgomerie was a stroke behind and bolstered his chances of making the Ryder Cup team.
Guo wins gold in 3m springborad diving China finished one-two through Guo Jingjing and Wu Minxia in the women #39;s 3m springboard diving final at the Olympic Games on Thursday.
In Crocodile Evolution, the Bite Came Before the Body A new fossil find suggests that the crocodile's crushing jaws evolved on dry land #151;and long before its water-friendly body.
Modified Mice Stay Super-Fit -- Without Exercise By altering a gene, scientists have produced "marathon mice" with more muscle, less fat, and twice the endurance of regular mice. The find could lead to new anti-obesity drugs.
Update 1: Glaxo Stocks Advance; Merck Stocks Slip Pharmaceutical stocks were trading slightly higher after news Thursday that GlaxoSmithKline Plc was going to settle with New York Attorney General Eliot Spitzer over allegations the company hid safety studies for its anti-depressant Paxil.
Krispy Kreme stock slump has investors bellyaching Some of the biggest names on Wall Street have gobbled up shares of Krispy Kreme Doughnuts Inc. (KKD.N: Quote, Profile, Research) , the doughnut store chain 
Gilead says its HIV drug combination beats drug made by &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; After a preliminary analysis of a late-stage drug trial, Gilead Sciences of Foster City said its two drugs Viread and Emtriva are better able to control levels of HIV than Combivir, a treatment made by competitor GlaxoSmithKline Plc.
Sears Canada sacks chairman-CEO Mark Cohen over  #39;strategic &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; TORONTO (CP) - Sears Canada Inc. has dismissed Mark Cohen as chairman and chief executive officer, citing  quot;strategic differences quot; between him and the board of directors.
Global Server Sales Up, Gartner Says August 26, 2004 -- (WEB HOST INDUSTRY REVIEW) -- Research and analysis firm Gartner (gartner.com) said on Wednesday that global sales of servers surpassed \$11.
Ulmer gives Carter golden advice ATHENS: A soothing pre-race pep talk with newly-crowned cycling champion Sarah Ulmer helped Hamish Carter turn a childhood dream into reality and bury his Olympic demons with a coveted triathlon gold in Athens last night.
China finishes 1-2 in springboard diving Guo Jingjing and Wu Minxia gave China gold and silver Thursday night in the Olympic women #39;s springboard diving event. China ran its diving medal total to seven.
Pahlavan Rezazadeh quot; stuns world, set new record Iran #39;s heavyweight weightlifting champion Pahlavan Hossein Rezazadeh once again won one of the olympic games #39; most precious gold medals.
Sports: Sanchez wins 400 hurdles ATHENS, Greece The Dominican Republic has its first Olympic gold medal. Felix Sanchez won the men #39;s 400 meter hurdles in 47-point-63 seconds.
Williams relieved to have resolution USC wide receiver Mike Williams told ESPN The Magazine #39;s Bruce Feldman Thursday that the NCAA has refused his request for reinstatement.
South African Police: Thatcher Preparing to Flee Before Arrest South African police say the son of former British Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher was planning to flee the country before his arrest on suspicion of involvement in a coup attempt in Equatorial Guinea.
Terry Hicks slams son #39;s treatment No-one should have to endure the conditions accused Australian Taliban fighter David Hicks has encountered in Guantanamo Bay, his father said before flying out of the US outpost.
American Air Sees  #36;1 Billion More in '04 (Reuters) Reuters - American Airlines expects soaring jet\fuel prices to push its expenses up more than  #36;1 billion in\2004 from last year's level, parent AMR Corp. (AMR.N) said on\Thursday.
U.S. Money Funds Drop to  #36;848.66 Billion (AP) AP - Assets of the nation's retail money market mutual funds fell by  #36;6.07 billion in the latest week to  #36;848.66 billion, the Investment Company Institute said Thursday.
Margaret Thatcher 'Distressed' About Son's Arrest  LONDON (Reuters) - Former British Prime Minister Margaret  Thatcher is "distressed" about her son's arrest in South Africa  on suspicion of involvement in a coup plot in oil-rich  Equatorial Guinea, a spokesman said Thursday.
London oil drops to \$40 a barrel The slide in crude oil prices takes a barrel in London down to little more than \$40, as traders realise profits after the recent surge.
Sears Canada sacks Cohen Sears Canada Inc. fired chief executive officer and chairman Mark Cohen Thursday, saying the board and Mr. Cohen had strategic differences about the future direction of the business.
Striking truckers leader arrested Police Thursday arrested a top leader of India #39;s striking truckers who are protesting new taxes, officials said. Truck union leaders say the arrest of OP Agrawal, chief of the All India Transport Welfare Association, would not affect the ongoing strike.
US Audit Body Says Big 4 Firms Missed Problems The Big Four accounting firms, misinterpreting a nine-year old rule, wrongly let corporate clients understate liabilities and distort their financial health, the regulatory 
State to Start LUKoil Bid at \$1.9Bln The government on Thursday set the date and starting price of an auction for its remaining stake in LUKoil and officially confirmed that US oil major ConocoPhillips will participate.
UPDATE 4-Citigroup sued over Enron-linked securities Citigroup Inc. (CN: Quote, Profile, Research) faces a lawsuit from angry investors who allege they were defrauded in a  quot;massive scheme of deception quot; when they 
Intel Strikes Up Tri-Band Wireless Technology For Centrino Intel, looking to maintain mind share and market share in the mobile PC space, said Thursday it will begin shipping new, tri-band wireless functionality in its Centrino platform next month and will boost software and security support.
Justice Department fights cyber crime WASHINGTON -- Moving against Internet crime, the Justice Department has launched a new crackdown on people who trade copyrighted programs over the Internet.
Recreational Fishing Puts Bite on US Fish Stocks, Study Says Researchers behind the study say fishing for fun now makes up almost a quarter of the total take of overfished populations. These include seafood favorites such as red snapper, red drum, and bocacciospecies 
China May Join \$10Bln Sakhalin-2 Russia said Thursday that China Petroleum  amp; Chemical Corp., Asia #39;s biggest oil refiner, may join Royal Dutch/Shell Group #39;s Sakhalin-2 project in the Pacific and buy liquefied natural gas from the venture #39;s offshore fields.
Lashko retires with no gold AFTER four Olympics competing for two countries, Irina Lashko ended her diving career in Athens without a gold medal. Melbourne-based Lashko, who owns two Olympic silvers and a bronze, finished seventh in 
Golden Joy for Fabulous Felix Felix Sanchez justified his status as the most fancied of all track and field favourites with a magnificent victory in tonights final of the 400metres hurdles.
German Women Grab Hockey Gold The women #39;s hockey team secured Germany #39;s tenth gold medal at Athens in a sensational surprise victory over the Netherlands.
American Dwight Phillips Captures Long Jump Gold Dwight Phillips of the United States completed a hat-trick of global long jump titles when he crushed the field with his opening leap in Thursday #39;s final to win Olympic gold.
NCAA says Williams can #39;t return to Trojans Los Angeles, CA (Sports Network) - The NCAA has rejected wide receiver Mike Williams #39; bid to once again play football at Southern California.
Panama Pardons Cuban Exiles in Castro Bomb Plot  PANAMA CITY (Reuters) - Panama's outgoing president on  Thursday pardoned four Cuban exiles jailed for plotting to kill  Cuban President Fidel Castro in 2000 and three or them flew  straight to Miami, a haven of anti-Castro groups.
Crawford is Golden as the Crowd Boos  ATHENS (Reuters) - Shawn Crawford denied fellow American  Justin Gatlin a sprint double as he set up a United States  clean sweep in the Olympic men's 200 meters Thursday.
Olympic Wrap: Crawford Wins the 200m Amid Jeers  ATHENS (Reuters) - Shawn Crawford led an American sweep of  Olympic medals in the 200 meters in Athens Thursday, ignoring  the jeers of a hostile crowd livid that their local hero was  not on the starting line after missing a doping test.
Law Banning Type of Abortion Is Unconstitutional, Judge Says A federal judge said that a Supreme Court ruling in 2000 required a clause allowing abortions if a women's health is at risk.
Wambach Lifts U.S. in Women's Soccer Final Abby Wambach scores the winning goal in overtime to lift the United States past Brazil for the women's soccer gold medal Thursday.
Sun to tout Wall Street wins in September Struggling company set to show that it's grabbed some customers in the financial community, one of Sun's three chief markets.
Sprint backs Apple tech for video streaming Cell carrier certifies QuickTime format for delivering video to handsets.
Cisco warns of flaws in ACS product Cisco Systems is warning customers about security holes in two Access Control Server products that provide user authentication and authorization services for network devices such as firewalls and routers.
Latest spam scams use Google, Olympics A rash of recent e-mail scams relies on new techniques to try to fool PC users, according to e-mail filtering vendor SurfControl.
SEC deadline delay spells Sarb-Ox relief The SEC has postponed by a year its plans to shorten the time companies have to file their annual reports -- a move expected to help firms more easily adopt Sarbanes-Oxley reporting requirements.
Financial firms compare notes on disaster recovery Executives at eight leading financial services firms met earlier this year to share their disaster recovery strategies -- and found that they all face many of the same issues.
TSA readies security systems rollout The Transportation Security Administration has announced a series of IT-based pilot programs to bolster airport security, but lawmakers and industry executives are frustrated by a lack of progress in deploying needed technologies.
Hackers target French ISP's site A hacker compromised the corporate Web site of France Telecom SA's ISP subsidiary earlier this week, causing the site to try to install a malicious software program on visitors' computers.
LG Preps Handheld Audio, Video Device Hard-drive based multimedia player will be available later this year.
Panama Pardons Cuban Exiles in Castro Bomb Plot (Reuters) Reuters - Panama's outgoing president on\Thursday pardoned four Cuban exiles jailed for plotting to kill\Cuban President Fidel Castro in 2000 and three or them flew\straight to Miami, a haven of anti-Castro groups.
Radical cleric arrested under British anti-terror law; U.S. wants extradition (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - LONDON (AP) - Police arrested a radical Muslim cleric Thursday on suspicion of preparing or instigating "acts of terrorism," a move that could delay U.S. attempts to extradite the suspect for allegedly trying to establish a terrorist training camp in Oregon and on other charges.
Darfur Displaced Angry as U.N., Govt Visit (Reuters) Reuters - Angry Darfuris who fled Arab\militias told the U.N.'s top envoy in Sudan Thursday they are\still not safe because the Janjaweed who tormented them at home\are among security forces guarding refugee camps.
Jokinen, Peltonen Combine for Four Goals (AP) AP - Olli Jokinen of the Florida Panthers scored twice and teammate Ville Peltonen added two goals and an assist, leading Finland to a 4-2 victory over Germany in a World Cup of Hockey exhibition game Thursday.
Crawford is Golden Amid a Chorus of Boos  ATHENS (Reuters) - Shawn Crawford denied fellow American  Justin Gatlin a sprint double Thursday as he set up a United  States clean sweep in a controversial Olympic men's 200 meters  final.
Swiftboat Crewman: Kerry Boat Under Fire (AP) AP - A swiftboat crewman decorated in the 1969 Vietnam incident where John Kerry won a Bronze Star says not only did they come under enemy fire but also that his own boat commander, who has challenged the official account, was too distracted to notice the gunfire.
MIT Selects Its First Female President (Reuters) Reuters - The Massachusetts Institute of\Technology on Thursday named Susan Hockfield as its first\female president, a breakthrough for the world-renowned school\that has churned out more than 50 Nobel prizewinners but which\ranks below the national average for its percentage of female\students.
Blue Chips Near Flat, Tech Stocks Fall  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. blue chips closed near the  unchanged mark on Thursday in ultra-light volume, but  technology stocks slipped lower after a broker cut its growth  forecast on the semiconductor industry.
Chiron Delays Flu Vaccine Shipments  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Chiron Corp. is delaying shipment of  its flu vaccine, Fluvirin,  because lots containing 4 million  vaccines, do not meet product sterility standards, the  pharmaceutical company said on Thursday .
Peacekeeper Shortage Hampers UN Mission in Haiti  UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - A U.N. peacekeeping mission  seeking to restore order in impoverished, unstable, Haiti has  been hampered by a shortage of promised international troops  and police, a U.N. official said on Thursday.
MTV Awards May Be Toned Down NEW YORK - In the 21-year history of MTV's Video Music Awards, viewers have been treated to some eye-popping moments - Prince's bare buttocks, Lil' Kim's sequined pasty, Britney and Madonna's steamy kiss last year.    But after the firestorm over the MTV-produced Super Bowl halftime show, in which Justin Timberlake ripped off part of Janet Jackson's costume to reveal her bare breast, might we see tamer VMAs when they air Sunday?    MTV President Van Toffler isn't promising any flesh-baring moments...
Iraqi Government, Al-Sadr OK Peace Deal NAJAF, Iraq - Iraq's top Shiite cleric, Grand Ayatollah Ali al-Sistani, made a dramatic return to Najaf on Thursday and swiftly won agreement from a rebel cleric and the government to end three weeks of fighting between his militia and U.S.-Iraqi forces.    The renegade Muqtada al-Sadr accepted the proposal in a face-to-face meeting Thursday night with the 75-year-old al-Sistani, Iraq's most influential Shiite cleric...
Flu Vaccine Is Found Tainted in Factory SAN FRANCISCO - The nation's supply of vaccine for the impending flu season took a big hit Thursday when Chiron Corp. announced it had found tainted doses in its factory...
Stocks Finish Lower on Rising Oil Prices NEW YORK - A brokerage downgrade of several semiconductor companies pressured tech shares Thursday, while the broader market was little changed as a jump in jobless claims offset investors' relief over declining oil prices.    Late summer trading is known for being thin, but with the Republican National Convention set for New York next week, Wall Street is even less crowded than usual for late August...
UPDATE 1-Chiron delays flu vaccine shipments Chiron Corp. is delaying shipment of its flu vaccine, Fluvirin, because lots containing 4 million vaccines, do not meet product sterility standards, the pharmaceutical company said on Thursday .
TiVo loss widens, subscribers grow Digital video recorder maker TiVo on Thursday reported a wider quarterly net loss as it increased spending to accelerate subscriber growth.
Still No Fix for Problem That Doomed Shuttle-NASA One year after a highly critical report urged NASA to develop the means to fix a broken space shuttle in orbit, the US space agency still cannot repair a 
Sun to tout Wall Street wins in September Struggling Sun Microsystems will try to show next month that it still has a lot of friends in the financial community. On Sept. 21, the Mountain View, Calif.
Wi-Fi Surpasses \$1B in Quarterly Revenues Researchers at In-Stat/MDR reported this week that the Wi-Fi market has experienced five years of healthy growth since 802.11b emerged as the dominant wireless standard.
Crawford leads way as US goes 1-2-3 in 200m It wasn #39;t the finish the partisan Greek crowd wanted to see, but Shawn Crawford headlined an American sweep in the 200m Thursday night at Olympic Stadium.
UPDATE 2-Everton reject Rooney bids Everton have rejected bids from Premier League rivals Manchester United and Newcastle United for England striker Wayne Rooney, the club said on Thursday.
Seoul doubts North Korea will budge until US vote SEOUL South Korea #39;s deputy foreign minister said on Thursday that progress in resolving the North Korean nuclear crisis is unlikely until after the US presidential election in November.
Whats Next For Google - ISP, Browser, Desktop Search? What's Next For Google - ISP, Browser, Desktop Search?\\Google has had a meteoric rise to stardom. I remember an article I saw in PC World Indian Edition in the year 1999 which mentioned this small startup with a funny name. I passed it on like yet another search engine which ...
Opec to raise output ceiling issue in Sept 15 meeting JAKARTA: Opec wants a faster retreat in oil prices and will discuss whether to raise its official oil output ceiling at its September 15 meeting, cartel president Purnomo Yusgiantoro said on Thursday.
Lukoil Stake to Be Sold for at Least \$1.93 Billion (Update3) The government stake in OAO Lukoil, Russia #39;s largest oil producer, will be sold for at least \$1.93 billion next month in the biggest state asset sale in the country #39;s history.
Homeland Security taps local Northrop unit The local arm of defense contractor Northrop Grumman Corp. won a \$45-million contract with the US government to complete a prototype designed to protect commercial airplanes from ground-based shoulder-fired missiles.
Smithfield #39;s Net Doubles as Pork Demand, Prices Gain (Update4) Smithfield Foods Inc., the world #39;s largest hog producer, said profit in the fiscal first quarter more than doubled as livestock prices and pork demand surged.
9/11 commissioner: Threat of airplane suicide bombing has &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; A member of the 9/11 commission told House lawmakers Wednesday that the risk of an airline passenger detonating a suicide bomb has increased as a result of security precautions to prevent hijackings.
IBM Buying Venetica IBM signed a definitive agreement to acquire Venetica, a privately held company based in Charlotte, North Carolina. The acquisition is expected to close in the fourth-quarter.
Sweet Revenge May be a Hard-Wired Reward Scientists have discovered that the sweetness of revenge may have a neurological basis. A Swiss brain imaging study shows that punishing people when they behave unfairly 
Warning: Defect in Siemens cellphones may cause hearing damage Ok, so its one thing for a cellphone to have a bug in it, it happens, but theresa defect in Siemens 65 series of cellphones (including the C65, M65, S65, SL65, CV65, CT65, CXV65, and CXT65) that could potentially result in hearing loss.
Carter  quot;bulletproof quot; snatching gold New Zealand triathlete Hamish Carter says he felt bulletproof during his gold medal winning performance at the Athens Olympics. The champion says it has been a crazy day in the aftermath of his win, which 
Smudger on Sport ALL golfers will turn their attention to the BMW Open in Munich this weekend, when the last five places in the European Ryder Cup team will be decided.
How the Brits Might Fare in Europe Todays Champions League draw in Monaco has again thrown-up some mouth-watering prospects for British clubs. Here, the Press Association assesses the chances of Arsenal, Celtic 
Schumi still looking ahead, not back Michael Schumacher has never cared much about statistics and numbers, but he wouldn #39;t mind if all the right numbers came together during this weekend #39;s Belgian Grand Prix.
Cracking under the strain Severe cracks surfaced inside the Israeli government this week as its senior law officers publicly fell out with the defence establishment and the Foreign Ministry over the country #39;s future strategy in the face of the July verdict of the International 
Frances a Fast-Growing Hurricane, Far Out at Sea (Reuters) Reuters - Hurricane Frances was born in the\Atlantic Ocean on Thursday but the rapidly growing storm was\many days from threatening any populated area.
Surging Cubs Defeat Astros 8-3 (AP) AP - Sammy Sosa and Aramis Ramirez hit consecutive homers in a five-run third inning, and the Chicago Cubs beat the Houston Astros 8-3 Thursday for their fifth straight win.
Canadians in Southeast Asia at risk from terrorist groups, report cautions (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - OTTAWA (CP) - Islamic extremists with links to Osama bin Laden's al-Qaida network pose a threat to Canadians living in Southeast Asia, warns a newly obtained intelligence report.
Apple Jumps Ahead of HP iPod, iMac Launch (Reuters) Reuters - Shares of Apple Computer Inc.\(AAPL.O) rose to an almost four-year high on Thursday ahead of\the launch of Hewlett-Packard Co.'s (HPQ.N) version of the iPod\digital music player and Apple's revamped iMac computer.
The U.S. Gives Mia Hamm a Golden Farewell  ATHENS (Reuters) - The United States gave Hall of Famer Mia  Hamm the perfect send-off Thursday, beating Brazil 2-1 to win  Olympic gold in the women's soccer tournament.
American: \$1 Bln More in '04 Fuel Expense  CHICAGO (Reuters) - American Airlines expects soaring jet  fuel prices to push its expenses up more than \$1 billion in  2004 from last year's level, parent AMR Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=AMR.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;AMR.N&lt;/A&gt; said on  Thursday.
Glaxo Settles Suit Over Paxil Studies  NEW YORK (Reuters) - GlaxoSmithKline Plc &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=GSK.L target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;GSK.L&lt;/A&gt; has agreed  to disclose information on all clinical studies of its drugs to  settle a lawsuit that accused it of withholding negative  information about the antidepressant Paxil, the New York  Attorney General's office said on Thursday.
Deadlocked NHL Labor Talks to Resume on Monday  TORONTO (Reuters) - The National Hockey League and players  union will meet again Monday after failing to make any progress  in labor talks Thursday.
Frances a Fast-Growing Hurricane, Far Out at Sea  MIAMI (Reuters) - Hurricane Frances was born in the  Atlantic Ocean on Thursday but the rapidly growing storm was  many days from threatening any populated area.
Cisco warns of flaws in ACS product BOSTON - Networking equipment maker Cisco Systems Inc. warned customers about security holes in two products that provide user authentication and authorization services for network devices such as firewalls and routers.
US Audit Firms Used Wrong Standards, Report Says (Update3) The four biggest accounting firms misapplied some standards and failed to properly maintain records of some audits, the new US auditing regulator said today in its first inspection reports.
Glaxo Settles Suit Over Paxil Studies GlaxoSmithKline Plc (GSK.L: Quote, Profile, Research) has agreed to disclose information on all clinical studies of its drugs to settle a lawsuit that accused it of withholding negative information about the antidepressant Paxil, the 
Truckers to intensify agitation further  Some AIMTC officials &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; THE striking transporters on Thursday adopted an aggressive stand after the Delhi Police arrested some of their leaders including the former President of the All India Motor Transport Congress (AIMTC), Mr OP Agarwal, here.
Study: Revenge is sweet Revenge feels sweet and Swiss researchers are saying they have brain scans to prove it. In a study investigators said might help explain how social norms arose and regulate behaviour, brain centres linked 
United States tops Brazil 2-1 in extra time to win gold medal in &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Mia Hamm and the rest of the Fab Five of women #39;s soccer from the United States had just enough left in their thirtysomething legs for one more title, beating Brazil 2-1 on Thursday in extra time to win the Olympic gold medal in their final 
Israeli wins country #39;s first Olympic gold Television and radio stations in Israel cut away from their midday programming. News Web sites were updated faster than even the nimblest of fingers could press  quot;refresh.
Ameobi the bait in race for Rooney deal Newcastle emerged as serious candidates to win the battle for Wayne Rooney last night after Everton rejected Manchester United #39;s offer of 20m for the striker #39;s services.
USC superior in almost every area The 2003 co-national champion USC Trojans, coming off a 12-1 season and a Rose Bowl victory, and the Virginia Tech Hokies, who finished last season 8-5 with an Insight Bowl loss to Cal, meet 
Olympics: Superman Sanchez delivers on his Olympic promise ATHENS : Felix Sanchez gave the Dominican Republic their first ever athletics Olympic gold medal with a devastating display in the 400 metres hurdles.
Hungary Appoints New Prime Minister after Political Crisis BUDAPEST, HUNGARY (BosNewsLife) -- Hungarians prepared for a new political era Thursday, August 26, after the country #39;s ruling Socialists appointed Ferenc Gyurcsany, a flamboyant millionaire, as the new prime minister.
Islamist group executes Italian hostage in Iraq: Al-Jazeera. (AFP) AFP - An Islamist group has executed Italian hostage Enzo Baldoni in Iraq, Arabic-language satellite news channel Al-Jazeera reported.
Cowboys Launching 24-Hour TV Network (AP) AP - The Dallas Cowboys Channel, a 24-hour cable network devoted to America's Team, will launch Sept. 8 and be available to more than 1.3 Comcast subscribers in Texas and adjoining states.
Diamondbacks' Top Pick Enrolls in College (AP) AP - Top Arizona draft pick Stephen Drew enrolled in classes at Florida State on Thursday, a move similar to the one made by older brother J.D. Drew.
Kerry Pulls Ad of McCain Smear Complaint (AP) AP - President Bush and Sen. John Kerry bowed to the wishes of popular maverick John McCain on Thursday, as the president embraced the Republican senator's legal fight against big-money special interest groups airing negative ads and the Democratic nominee scrapped a commercial that featured McCain.
Rangers Bolster Goaltending by Adding Weekes Goaltender Kevin Weekes signed Thursday with the Rangers, who expect the unrestricted free agent to compete for the No. 1 job with Mike Dunham.
Oil giant told to pay \$2bn THE Nigerian Government has ordered Anglo-Dutch oil giant Shell to pay \$2.13 billion in compensation for damage caused by nearly 60 years of exploration in the Niger Delta, a Senate paper said yesterday.
Rising fuel costs hurt AMR #39;s outlook SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW) - American Airlines parent AMR warned late Thursday that surging fuel costs would likely force it to slash its third-quarter and full-year outlook.
UPDATE 3-Guidant resolves Champion stent issues Guidant Corp. (GDT.N: Quote, Profile, Research) said on Thursday it has resolved manufacturing and design problems that caused tiny fractures in its experimental 
Session is washed out, Bill sails NEW DELHI, AUGUST 26: A voice vote was enough to complete the three-stage Budgetary exerciseand clear over Rs 500,000 crore worth of finances.
Operation Web Snare WASHINGTON, DC -- Attorney General John Ashcroft, Assistant Attorney General Christopher A. Wray, FBI Assistant Director Jana Monroe, Chief Postal Inspector Lee Heath, and Federal Trade Commission Chairman Deborah Platt Majoras today announced the arrests 
Angst over anglers: Report cites their role in fishery decline For species at risk, sport fishing accounts for one-quarter of the catch. Regulation could rise. By Peter N. Spotts  Staff writer of The Christian Science Monitor.
Venetica Buy Pushes IBM #39;s On-Demand Agenda IBM #39;s planned purchase of Venetica provides Big Blue with one more piece in its on-demand computing strategy. The challenge will be to seamlessly meld Venetica #39;s unstructured-data expertise with structured-data management.
Nokia, Vodafone Attack Java Troubles In Mobile Phones Nokia Corp. and Vodafone Group Plc on Thursday said they have launched a standards initiative to make it possible for software makers to develop Java applications that can run across cellular phones built by different manufacturers.
TiVo #39;s Loss Widens, Subscribers Grow Digital video recorder maker TiVo Inc. on Thursday reported a wider quarterly net loss as it increased spending to accelerate subscriber growth.
Marbury Powers US Over Spain, Coaches Square Off The US and Spanish coaches had to be separated when an argument erupted at the end of the game as the United States beat Spain 102-94 in the Olympic men #39;s basketball quarterfinals Thursday.
Mourinho takes new club to his old den MONACO, AUGUST 26: Defending champions Porto have been drawn to face Chelsea in Group H, meaning Chelseas new coach Jose Mourinho - who won last seasons title with Porto -ill be able to exploit familiar conditions when Chelsea play their away 
Bryant judge questions prosecution #39;s late challenge to DNA &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; On the eve of the Kobe Bryant sexual assault trial, a frustrated judge chastised prosecutors Thursday for waiting until the last minute to challenge DNA evidence the defense 
Iraqi government accepts peace deal The Iraqi government tonight accepted a peace deal brokered by Iraqs top Shiite cleric to end weeks of devastating violence in the holy city of Najaf, State Minister Qassim Dawoud said.
Kidnappers say killed Italian hostage The kidnappers of Italian journalist Enzo Baldoni, taken hostage in Iraq, say they have killed him, the Arabic language television channel Al Jazeera reports.
 #39;Something Happened Fast #39; in Crashes Flight recorders from two planes that crashed just three minutes apart Tuesday night are providing few clues to investigators but indicate  quot;something happened very fast, quot; a Kremlin representative said Thursday.
FBI cracks down on Napster-like P2P network WASHINGTON - The Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) has seized computers, software and equipment as part of a probe into the illegal sharing of copyrighted movies, music and games over an Internet  #39;peer-to-peer #39; (P2P) network, Attorney-General John 
Crowd roars for absent Kenteris THE defiant taunts cascaded down from the Olympic stadium grandstands for minutes.  quot;Hellas, Hellas, quot; followed by  quot;Kenteris, Kenteris quot; - an angry display that held up the main event of Thursday #39;s athletics program.
Al-Sadr accepts cleric #39;s plan to end Najaf uprising, aide says NAJAF, IRAQ - Militant leader Muqtada al-Sadr agreed on Thursday to a peace plan presented by Iraq #39;s most revered Shia cleric, who rode into Najaf hours earlier to try to end the bloody three-week uprising.
Death toll up as typhoons lash parts of Asia TAIPEI - Rescuers in northern Taiwan yesterday recovered the bodies of 15 people buried by a mudslide which flattened an entire village, as East Asia cleaned up and counted the cost of Typhoon Aere.
Mirant works to emerge from bankruptcy ATLANTA -- Energy supplier Mirant Corp. hopes to emerge from bankruptcy in the first half of next year, the company said Thursday as it appointed a chief restructuring officer to oversee the process.
Hamm sets sights on golden finale ATHENS: Mia Hamm is primed to end her illustrious career with an Olympic gold medal when the powerful US team take on Brazil in the womens final on Thursday (today).
Williams Goes on Bronze-Medal Victory Tour US elite triathlete Susan Williams became a media darling on Wednesday when she overcame high temperatures and a crash on the bike to win the bronze medal in the womens triathlon at the 2004 Olympic Games in the Athens municipality of Vouliagmeni.
Clerics Said to Reach Najaf Peace Deal Description: Iraq #39;s top Shiite cleric, Ayatollah Ali al-Sistani, is reportedly successful in reaching a peace to end three weeks of violence between allied US and Iraqi government troops and militiamen loyal to cleric Muqtada al-Sadr.
Bomb rocks market in violence-plagued southern Thailand A powerful bomb went off in Thailand #39;s Muslim-dominated deep south and seriously injured 20 people on Thursday morning, when the Thai Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra arrived in the violence-troubled region.
Marbury Powers U.S. Over Spain, Coaches Square Off  ATHENS (Reuters) - The U.S. and Spanish coaches had to be  separated when an argument erupted at the end of the game as  the United States beat Spain 102-94 in the Olympic men's  basketball quarterfinals Thursday.
New Zimbabwe restrictions target aid groups A proposed law would limit foreign funding of churches and AIDS programs.
French investigators probe copy-protected CDs EMI and retailer Fnac face legal challenge over antipiracy technology that blocks discs from playing on some devices.
Merchant group helps DOJ in fraud stings A group representing online merchants said it helped the U.S. Department of Justice hunt down online scam artists, in an sweep of online criminals dubbed "Operation Web Snare."
Chiron to delay flu vaccine shipments Emeryville #39;s Chiron Corp. said Thursday that it will delay shipments until early October of its flu vaccine, Fluvirin, after the company identified a small number of lots that do not meet product sterility specifications.
Mirant appoints Michele Burns to head restructuring SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW) -- Electricity merchant Mirant (MIRKQ) said Thursday it appointed Michele Burns chief restructuring officer and the company #39;s main representative as it puts together a plan to get out of bankruptcy.
You can do it too, S #39;pore If Greece, with 10m people, can pull off the Games at the 11th hour, why not? THE final weekend of the Olympics is at hand, and the reckoning is nigh.
Violence turns to hope as Sistani #39;s arrival in Najaf heralds peace &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Iraq #39;s leading Shia cleric, Grand Ayatollah Ali Husseini al-Sistani, reached an apparent agreement with the radical cleric Muqtada Sadr yesterday to end a three-week uprising by Sadr #39;s Army of Mehdi militiamen in Najaf.
Australia acquiring long-range missiles SYDNEY - Australia has announced plans to acquire long-range cruise missiles that will give its defence force the  #39;most lethal capacity #39; for air combat in the region.
Bomb injures 23 a day before Thaksin #39;s visit BANGKOK - A powerful bomb exploded in a market in southern Thailand yesterday morning, killing one person and injuring at least 23 a day ahead of a visit to the troubled region by Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra.
Update 1: OPEC Wants to See Oil Prices Fall Faster The Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries wants oil prices to fall faster to an ideal price of around US\$30 a barrel, and will discuss whether to increase production at a meeting next month, the group #39;s president said Thursday.
Sears Canada Board Fires Chair, CEO Cohen HOFFMAN ESTATES, Ill. - Sears Canada fired its top executive Thursday over what it characterized as  quot;strategic differences quot; and enlisted the chief financial officer of parent company Sears, Roebuck and Co.
American Air Sees \$1 Billion More in  #39;04 American Airlines expects soaring jet fuel prices to push its expenses up more than \$1 billion in 2004 from last year #39;s level, parent AMR Corp.
WRAPUP 4-US jobless claims rise on back of hurricane The ranks of Americans filing for initial unemployment compensation rose more than expected last week, swelled in part by the devastation wrought by Hurricane Charley, the government said on Thursday.
Merck says it  quot;strongly disagrees quot; w/ study analysis NEW YORK (CBS.MW) -- Merck (MRK) is out with a statement that  quot;strongly disagrees quot; with the findings of a new study that raised questions about the safety of its Vioxx arthritis drug.
Russia says Conoco mooting \$US2b Lukoil stake MOSCOW: Oil giant ConocoPhillips looked close to taking a \$US2 billion (\$NZ3.11b) stake in Russian major Lukoil on Thursday after Russian officials confirmed the US firm #39;s interest in the auction of a 7.6 per cent stake.
Microsoft releases SP2 update for all Windows XP users NEW YORK, August 25 (New Ratings) - Microsoft Corporation (MSFT.NAS) has released its long-awaited Windows XP Service Pack 2 (SP2) security update for its XP Professional users.
Enter your e-mail: Archos has turned up the heat in the portable entertainment arena by announcing the 20GB Gmini400, a \$400 digital audio player with a 2.2-inch color LCD screen for watching videos and viewing photographs.
Wambach #39;s goal gives US women #39;s soccer gold medal Heraklio, Greece (Sports Network) - The old faces of US women #39;s soccer bid adieu, while the new faces introduced themselves in a gold-medal winning effort at the Athens Olympics on Thursday night at Karaiskaki Stadium.
Crashes cost Aussie a medal SIMON Thompson was the feelgood story when he made the Australian Olympic triathlon team last December. Today, though, Thompson was feeling as bad as they come after believing two crashes on the bike cost 
Judge says Nemov #39;s score changed to please crowd OTTAWA - A Canadian judge, who raised his marks in an Olympics gymnastics final, said he was under intense pressure from a crowd that was out of control and an official who wanted him to do something about it.
Bomb explodes in Thai marketplace A powerful bomb has exploded in a crowded marketplace in southern Thailand, wounding at least 10 people, officials said. The province, located about 750 miles south of Bangkok, is 
WHO warns of potential pandemic over  #39;bird flu #39; virus infections &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Shanghai. (Interfax-China) -The World Health Organization (WHO) warned the of potential dangers of an outbreak of influenza H5N1 infections in pigs in China.
Kidnappers Say They Have Killed Italian Hostage --TV (Reuters) Reuters - Militants in Iraq said they have killed\Italian journalist Enzo Baldoni, who went missing after being\ambushed on the road between Baghdad and Najaf, Al Jazeera\reported Thursday.
Audit Body: Big 4 Firms Missed Problems (Reuters) Reuters - The Big Four accounting firms,\misinterpreting a nine-year old rule, wrongly let corporate\clients understate liabilities and distort their financial\health, the regulatory body for auditors said in a report on\Thursday.
Durazo's Blast Leads A's Past Orioles 9-4 (AP) AP - Erubiel Durazo hit a three-run homer and Eric Chavez also connected for the Oakland Athletics, who completed a four-game sweep of the slumping Baltimore Orioles with a 9-4 victory Thursday.
Sides Bicker in NHL Labor Fight (AP) AP - An NHL executive accused the players' association of conducting "a charade" and said the union has no interest in working out a new labor deal before a lockout would be imposed in three weeks.
The U.S. Gives Mia Hamm a Golden Farewell  ATHENS (Reuters) - The United States gave Hall of Famer Mia  Hamm the perfect send-off on Thursday, beating Brazil 2-1 to  win Olympic gold in the women's soccer tournament.
Crawford Is Golden Amid a Chorus of Boos  ATHENS (Reuters) - American Shawn Crawford won the Athens  Games 200 meters final Thursday in a race delayed five minutes  by chanting and booing from hostile sections of the crowd at  the Olympic stadium.
Kidnappers Say They Have Killed Italian Hostage --TV  DUBAI (Reuters) - Militants in Iraq said they have killed  Italian journalist Enzo Baldoni, who went missing after being  ambushed on the road between Baghdad and Najaf, Al Jazeera  reported Thursday.
SEC Settles with Two More Firms Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. and Thomas Weisel Partners agreed to pay a combined \$100 million to settle charges involving conflicts of interest between research and 
UPDATE 2-Chiron delays flu vaccine shipments Chiron Corp. is delaying shipment of its flu vaccine, Fluvirin, because lots containing 4 million vaccines, do not meet product sterility standards, the biopharmaceutical company said on Thursday .
Fuel Costs Hurt American, United Airlines American Airlines and United Airlines became the latest carriers on Thursday to say sky-high oil costs are hurting them and worsening a three-year industry downturn.
Pinochet is stripped of immunity by court The Supreme Court of Chile yesterday stripped Augusto Pinochet, the country #39;s former military dictator, of his immunity from prosecution - opening the way for him to be charged with human 
Canada rival to control Banknorth Toronto-Dominion Bank, Canada #39;s second-largest bank by assets, agreed Thursday to buy a 51 percent stake in Banknorth Group for \$3.
Krispy Kreme posts big drop in net Krispy Kreme Doughnuts stunned investors on Thursday with disappointing earnings for the second consecutive quarter, sending its shares to their lowest level in more than four years.
US regulator faults Big Four accounting firms - but gently The new regulatory body for the United States audit industry said Thursday that its initial inspections of the Big Four accounting firms had found  quot;significant audit and accounting issues quot; in audits by all of them.
GM to invest \$200 mln in Saturn plant SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW) - General Motors said late Thursday that it plans to invest \$200 million to upgrade and expand its Fairfax, Kansas manufacturing plant for production of the 2007 Saturn midsize car, which will begin in the second half of 2006.
Mirant names CFO as chief restructuring officer Mirant Corp. (MIRKQ.PK: Quote, Profile, Research) has named its chief financial officer to the additional role of chief restructuring officer, the bankrupt power producer said on Thursday.
FBI Sting Targets P2P Operation The US Department of Justice has targeted a group known as the Underground Network for its first criminal investigation into intellectual property piracy over peer-to-peer (P2P) networks.
Nokia and Vodafone seek simpler software AMSTERDAM The mobile phone giants Vodafone and Nokia teamed up on Thursday to simplify cellphone software written with the Java computer language.
CIOs Still Slow In IT Hiring A new survey indicates that CIOs are only hiring for positions that address long-term needs. By TechWeb News. Chief information officers in the US continue to take a cautious approach to increasing IT staff 
UN Backs Open Source With New Agency It #39;s called the International Open Source Network (IOSN), which is an initiative of the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP) with a primary goal to promote Free and Open Source (FOSS) software usage.
China #39;s Guo Easily Wins 3M Springboard The names may change. Not the results. China still rules the Olympic diving pool. The Chinese earned another gold medal - their fifth of the Athens Games - when Guo Jingjing 
Honor gets frown from the Kiwis New Zealand is glad three of its athletes have been crowned Olympic champions, but if they bring home their olive wreaths from Athens, the wreaths risk going up in smoke.
Hewitt coasts into quarters SECOND seed Lleyton Hewitt beat Frenchman Michael Llodra 6-1 6-4 to move into the quarter-finals of the Long Island Cup today. Fresh from his third title of the year last weekend in Washington, Hewitt will 
Zimbabwe losing faith in democracy JOHANNESBURG Zimbabweans, weary of political conflict, are increasingly losing faith in democracy and tempted to accept a one-party system, a survey released Thursday has found.
Confusion as Yemeni Faces U.S. Military Tribunal (Reuters) Reuters - A Yemeni\accused of guarding Osama bin Laden with explosive belts seemed\to acknowledge his al Qaeda membership on Thursday before a\U.S. military tribunal hearing fraught with translation\problems.
Olympic Wrap: Crawford Wins the 200m Amid Jeers (Reuters) Reuters - Shawn Crawford led an American sweep of\Olympic medals in the 200 meters in Athens Thursday, ignoring\the jeers of a hostile crowd livid that their local hero was\not on the starting line after missing a doping test.
Hewitt Cruises to Waterhouse Quarterfinals (AP) AP - Former Wimbledon and U.S. Open winner Lleyton Hewitt cruised to a 6-1, 6-4 victory over Michael Llodra on Thursday to advance to the quarterfinals of the TD Waterhouse Cup.
Audit Body: Big 4 Firms Missed Problems  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The Big Four accounting firms wrongly  let some corporate clients understate liabilities and distort  their financial health in their 2003 accounts, the regulatory  body for auditors said in a report on Thursday.
Confusion as Yemeni Faces U.S. Military Tribunal  GUANTANAMO BAY U.S. NAVAL BASE, Cuba (Reuters) - A Yemeni  accused of guarding Osama bin Laden with explosive belts seemed  to acknowledge his al Qaeda membership on Thursday before a  U.S. military tribunal hearing fraught with translation  problems.
Top Russian Official: Plane Terror Likely MOSCOW - A top Russian official acknowledged Thursday what many citizens already suspected - that terrorism was the most likely cause of two jetliners crashing minutes apart, a feeling reflected in a newspaper headline warning that "Russia now has a Sept. 11."   A day after officials stressed there were many possibilities besides terrorism, presidential envoy Vladimir Yakovlev told Russia's ITAR-Tass news agency that the main theory "all the same remains terrorism."   Yakovlev said the planes' flight recorders provide no clues to the disaster...
Oil Slide continues as peace deal struck in Najaf NEW YORK - Oil prices fell for the fifth day in a row on Thursday after word of a peace deal in the embattled Iraqi city of Najaf raised hopes of more reliable oil shipments from the energy-rich country and encouraged a run of profit-taking by big money 
Australia #39;s Suncorp-Metway FY Net A\$618M; Outlook Upbeat SYDNEY (Dow Jones)--Australian banking and insurance group Suncorp-Metway Ltd. (SUN.AU) said Friday net profit for the full year ended June 30 jumped 61 to A\$618 million from A\$384 million a year earlier, boosted 
Jobless Claims Up on Impact of Charley The number of new people signing up for jobless benefits rose last week, reflecting the impact of Hurricane Charley, which recently tore through Florida.
American Airlines fuel costs up by \$300 million FORT WORTH, Texas Soaring jet fuel prices will force American Airlines to spend an additional one (B) billion dollars for fuel this year.
Men #39;s Long Jump : PHILLIPS (USA), MOFFITT (USA) and MARTINEZ (ESP) ATHENS, 26 August - Comments from Dwight PHILLIPS (USA), John MOFFITT (USA) and Joan Lino MARTINEZ (ESP).  quot;I think I was ready to go as far as I needed to win.
Jury Selection to Begin in Kobe Bryant Rape Trial Jury selection begins in the Kobe Bryant rape case on Friday when hundreds of potential jurors fill out a questionnaire to help determine if they can sit in judgment in a trial involving race, sex and celebrity.
Hewitt cruises past Llodra Second seed Lleyton Hewitt beat Frenchman Michael Llodra 6-1 6-4 to reach the quarter-finals of the TD Waterhouse Cup on Thursday.
Rumors Rife, But Few Clues To Russia #39;s Twin Air Crash As Russia held a day of mourning Thursday for the 89 people who died when two airliners went down, speculation continued to swirl around the cause of the near-simultaneous crashes.
Dialogue of the deaf It was a stormy day, with torrential rain lashing down, but an audience splashed their way to a north London theatre to hear four leading commentators discuss Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s latest plan for his country and the Palestinians.
Oracle Extends Offer for PeopleSoft (Reuters) Reuters - Business software maker  Oracle\Corp. (ORCL.O) said on Thursday it extended again its  #36;7.7\billion hostile tender offer for PeopleSoft Inc. (PSFT.O), to\Sept. 10, as it awaits a U.S. District Court judge's ruling on\whether the takeover attempt can move forward.
Kidnappers Say They Have Killed Italian Hostage --TV  DUBAI (Reuters) - The hostage takers who grabbed Italian  journalist Enzo Baldoni on the road between Baghdad and Najaf  in Iraq have killed him, the Italian government confirmed  Thursday.
Oil Prices Drop Near \$43 Oil prices fell again Thursday as worries over supply disruptions eased. New York light sweet crude ended the day just over \$43, and OPEC president Purnomo Yusgiantoro said the cartel hoped 
Drug firm settles Seroxat research claim GlaxoSmithKline escaped with a rap over the knuckles yesterday in the latest crusade against alleged corporate wrong-doing spearheaded by the New York attorney general, Eliot Spitzer.
Vioxx Linked To Increased Cardiac Death A new study shows that the prescription drug Vioxx can drastically increase a person #39;s risk of sudden cardiac death, and that risk is greater if you take a higher dose, or if you take it for a long time.
Jaw transplant allows man to chew after nine years A man has been able to savour his first proper meal in nine years after surgeons successfully created and transplanted a jawbone for him.
TiVo Earnings Reflect Cost of Customer Acquisition TiVo #39;s Q2 earnings reflect the high cost of attracting new subscribers to its customer base. The company lost \$10.8 million, or 13 cents a share, on revenue of \$27.
Rulon #39;s Retirement the End of an Era You #39;ve surely heard by now that Wyoming wrestler Rulon Gardner is bringing home another Olympic medal. This time it #39;s a bronze.
Badgers lose RB Smith to heart disorder MADISON, Wis. -- Wisconsin running back Dwayne Smith will not play for the Badgers again because of a recently discovered heart disorder.
New jaw grown on patient's back A man has eaten his first solid meal in nine years after his face was rebuilt using a pioneering jaw-bone graft.
Be Funny Or You're Fired  I was traveling on Southwest Airlines a couple of days ago.  It  was kind of weird.  Seemingly, they have implemented a new corporate  policy. 
Earnings Not So Sweet for Krispy Kreme (Reuters) Reuters - Krispy Kreme Doughnuts Inc. (KKD.N) on\Thursday said its quarterly profit tumbled by more than half\and slashed its sales growth outlook for the rest of the year,\wiping 17 percent off the value of its stock.
Kids Found in Africa Stay in Foster Care (AP) AP - The lawyer for the adoptive mother of seven children found malnourished in a Nigerian orphanage agreed Thursday to allow the kids to remain in state foster care.
REIT Funds Take Silver On YTD Gain (Investor's Business Daily) Investor's Business Daily - In recent weeks, even when the rest of the market has lagged, REIT funds generally have outperformed.
Wild Card Upsets Loit at Forest Hills (AP) AP - Kirsten Flipkens, a wild card from Belgium, upset No. 2 seed Emilie Loit of France 6-2, 4-6, 6-2, to move into the semifinals of the Forest Hills Women's Classic at the West Side Tennis Club on Thursday.
Pavin Hits 62 to Charge Into Three-Shot Buick Lead  CROMWELL, Connecticut (Reuters) - Corey Pavin posted his  best score in 14 years, firing an eight-under-par 62 to take a  commanding three-shot lead after the first round of the  inaugural \$4.2 million Buick Championship Thursday.
Lithuania Reaches Semifinals With a different star but the same team concept, Lithuania reached the men's basketball semifinals for the fourth straight Olympics.
Bertuzzi Enters Plea Vancouver Canucks winger Todd Bertuzzi pleaded not guilty on Thursday to an on-ice assault charge stemming from a hit on Colorado Avalanche's Steve Moore that broke his neck.
US tech stocks slip In New York, US blue chips closed near the unchanged mark Thursday in ultra-light volume, but technology stocks slipped lower after a broker cut its growth forecast on the semiconductor industry.
Scans show brain hard-wired for sweet revenge WASHINGTON - Planning revenge really does feel sweet, according to a new study of brain scans. Researchers in Switzerland said the brain centres linked to enjoyment  quot;lit up quot; in young men who punished those who cheated them.
Women #39;s volleyball: Russia defeats Brazil to reach finals Russia defeated Brazil in five sets in Athens on Thursday to cruise into the final of the women #39;s volleyball in the Athens Olympics.
Iraq #39;s top cleric wins agreement from rebel and government for &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Iraq #39;s top Shiite cleric, Grand Ayatollah Ali al-Sistani, made a dramatic return to Najaf on Thursday and swiftly won agreement from a rebel cleric and the government to end three weeks of fighting between his militia and US-Iraqi forces.
Columnists: A Polluted Internet Worms and viruses that pollute the Internet aren't new. What's new is the incredible magnitude of the problem and how it's growing.
MS rapped over anti-Linux ads Microsoft has been rapped over the knuckles over an anti-Linux ad campaign. The ASA in the UK has ruled that the ad makes  quot;misleading quot; claims, and has told the company change the copy on the advertisement forthwith.
Report: Embedded Wi-Fi Market Shift Taking Place Embedded Wi-Fi products are taking off, and their popularity is likely to grow at an accelerating pace, according to In-Stat/MDR. The market for embedded Wi-Fi clients -- including mobile PCs 
Drawn and Quartered It wasn #39;t supposed to end like this for Pau Gasol and Spain. Not after the way things were going in this Olympics. The Spaniards finished group play an undefeated 5-0 
Everton admit Rooney will be sold BILL Kenwright, the Everton chairman, admitted yesterday that it was  quot;inevitable quot; Wayne Rooney would be leaving Goodison Park.
Pavin eagles his way into Buick lead Cromwell, CT (Sports Network) - Corey Pavin holed out for an eagle on the second hole, then chipped in for birdie at 18 en route to an eight-under-par 62 on Thursday and the first-round lead at the Buick Championship.
Pair of Andres hold key to US boxing medal hopes Things looked bleak for the US boxing team before a pair of Andres stepped up and saved the Americans from further Olympic embarrassment.
Six killed, 51 injured in Ulfa attacks GUWAHATI: In stepped up violence, six people, including two BSF men, were killed and 51 others injured in three blasts triggered by the Ulfa in three districts of Assam since Wednesday night.
Taiwan typhoon death toll rises The death toll from Typhoon Aere has risen to 24 in Taiwan as the bodies of 15 villagers buried in a mudslide in the island #39;s north are recovered.
SEC Settles Case Against Van Wagoner (AP) AP - The Securities and Exchange Commission settled fraud charges Thursday against Van Wagoner Capital Management Inc., whose high-profile executives allegedly lied about the values of their mutual funds and broke laws meant to protect investors.
Calling Verizon And Cingular 1 And 1A Is OK (Investor's Business Daily) Investor's Business Daily - When Cingular completes its purchase of AT amp;T Wireless, it'll leapfrog Verizon Wireless to become the nation's No. 1 mobile phone company by the most common measures -- subscribers and sales.
Earnings Not So Sweet for Krispy Kreme  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Krispy Kreme Doughnuts Inc. on  Thursday said its quarterly profit tumbled by more than half  and slashed its sales growth outlook for the rest of the year,  wiping 17 percent off the value of its stock.
Japan's Nikkei Average Edges Up 0.1 Pct  TOKYO (Reuters) - Japan's Nikkei average edged up 0.1  percent at the opening on Friday on more buying of exporters,  including Fuji Photo Film Co. Ltd., after another day of falls  in oil prices eased fears about the global economy.
Pavin Hits 62 to Charge Into Three-Shot Buick Lead  CROMWELL, Connecticut (Reuters) - Corey Pavin posted his  best score in 14 years, firing an eight-under-par 62 to take a  commanding three-shot lead after the first round of the  inaugural \$4.2 million Buick Championship on Thursday.
Iraqi Government, Al-Sadr OK Peace Deal NAJAF, Iraq - Iraq's top Shiite cleric, Grand Ayatollah Ali al-Sistani, made a dramatic return to Najaf on Thursday and swiftly won agreement from a rebel cleric and the government to end three weeks of fighting between his militia and U.S.-Iraqi forces.    The renegade Muqtada al-Sadr accepted the proposal in a face-to-face meeting Thursday night with the 75-year-old al-Sistani...
CBI demands an end to rate rises as growth cools The Bank of England should leave interest rates on hold until next year to give consumers a breathing space in the run-up to the crucial Christmas trading period, the CBI said yesterday.
Pavin hits 62 to charge into three-shot Buick lead Corey Pavin posted his best score for 14 years, firing an eight-under-par 62 to take a commanding three-shot lead after the first round of the inaugural \$4.
Daily preview: Friday, Aug. 27 Medals will be awarded in 20 events in track and field, canoe-kayak, equestrian, field hockey, modern pentathlon, mountain biking, soccer and taekwondo.
Tressel picks Zwick over Smith Justin Zwick will start at quarterback for No. 9 Ohio State in its season opener after the former heralded recruit beat out fellow sophomore Troy Smith for the job in preseason practice.
PINOCHET LOSES LEGAL IMMUNITY Chiles former President General Augusto Pinochet has been stripped of his legal immunity following a ruling by the countrys Supreme Court.
Oracle gives PeopleSoft shareholders more time Deadline extended while the software maker waits for a ruling in Justice Department's antitrust case.
NetBeans IDE beta released, tackles Java specs NetBeans.org, which oversees the NetBeans open source Java tools environment, has released a beta version of the NetBeans 4.0 IDE, featuring support for the latest Java specifications and Apache Ant-based projects.
Spitzer forces Glaxo to publish drug trials GlaxoSmithKline yesterday said it would publish all details of its clinical drug trials after being accused of concealing information that its leading antidepressant could be harmful to children.
Earnings Not So Sweet for Krispy Kreme Krispy Kreme Doughnuts Inc. on Thursday said its quarterly profit tumbled by more than half and slashed its sales growth outlook for the rest of the year, wiping 17 percent off the value of its stock.
AirTran Seeks Mediation in Union Talks The union representing AirTran Airways flight attendants said Thursday that talks with AirTran Holdings Inc. have stalled over work rules.
Industry buoyant as orders flood in Industrial orders have jumped to a six-year high this month, a survey showed yesterday as a sharp fall in mortgage approvals pointed to a slowdown in the housing market.
Rentokil rules out break-up Rentokil Initial, supplier of services ranging from security guards and pest control to conferences and exotic plants, has ruled out breaking itself up, despite tumbling profits and a swirl of takeover speculation.
Brain scan shows why revenge is sweet Revenge, reprimand and schadenfreude really do feel good, according to a brain scan study published today. As well as explaining why Dirty Harry declared  quot;Go ahead, make 
Crawford overcomes Kenteris clamour Thursday was the night every Greek had marked down in their diary weeks and months ago. It was the night Kostas Kenteris was supposed to successfully defend his 200m crown in front of his adoring public.
Another Schu in SUNDAY #39;S Belgian Grand Prix is set to provide another Michael Schumacher win in the most boring championship in the sport #39;s 54-year history.
Quinn relieved that goalie Ed Belfour #39;s back surgery was deemed a &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; TORONTO (CP) - Maple Leafs goaltender Ed Belfour is expected to make a complete recovery following back surgery Thursday, says GM John Ferguson.
Ayatollah puts life on the line AYATOLLAH Ali al-Sistanis supporters say he put principle over politics in risking his reputation - and life - by returning to his adopted home town of Najaf yesterday.
Kidnappers Say They Have Killed Italian Hostage --TV The hostage takers who grabbed Italian journalist Enzo Baldoni on the road between Baghdad and Najaf in Iraq have killed him, the Italian government confirmed Thursday.
Ben Wallace Recovering After Appendectomy (AP) AP - Detroit Pistons center Ben Wallace had an emergency appendectomy and was recovering Thursday.
Top Russian Official: Plane Terror Likely (AP) AP - A top Russian official acknowledged Thursday what many citizens already suspected  #151; that terrorism was the most likely cause of two jetliners crashing minutes apart, a feeling reflected in a newspaper headline warning that "Russia now has a Sept. 11."
NL Wrap: Sosa Hits 568th Homer, Cubs Eclipse Astros (Reuters) Reuters - Sammy Sosa grabbed his 568th career\homer and Aramis Ramirez followed up with another third-inning\blast to guide the Chicago Cubs to an 8-3 win over the Houston\Astros in the National League (NL) Thursday.
Iraqi Government, Al-Sadr OK Peace Deal (AP) AP - Iraq's top Shiite cleric, Grand Ayatollah Ali al-Sistani, made a dramatic return to Najaf on Thursday and swiftly won agreement from a rebel cleric and the government to end three weeks of fighting between his militia and U.S.-Iraqi forces.
NL Wrap: Sosa Hits 568th Homer, Cubs Eclipse Astros  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Sammy Sosa grabbed his 568th career  homer and Aramis Ramirez followed up with another third-inning  blast to guide the Chicago Cubs to an 8-3 win over the Houston  Astros in the National League (NL) Thursday.
Rangers Sign a Goaltender Glen Sather, the Rangers' president and general manager, addressed one of the team's glaring weaknesses, signing unrestricted free-agent goaltender Kevin Weekes.
Vote for Pakistan prime minister Pakistan's parliament is expected on Friday to vote for outgoing Finance Minister Shaukat Aziz as  prime minister.
Briefly: Oracle extends PeopleSoft deadline roundup Plus: Cisco reports access control server flaws...Toshiba tinkers with Wi-Fi for TV...Music promoter offers concert downloads.
Yen Recovers After Slipping on Japan Data  TOKYO (Reuters) - The yen fell against the dollar on Friday  following a surprise rise in Japan's unemployment rate, but it  quickly recovered as traders turned their attention to an  upcoming speech from the Federal Reserve chief and U.S. growth  data.
Bush Has Slight Edge Over Kerry in New Poll (Reuters) Reuters - President Bush, who is getting\higher marks for his handling of the war on terrorism, holds a\slight lead over Democratic challenger John Kerry, according to\an NBC News/Wall Street Journal poll released on Thursday.
UN Anti-Terror Measures Ineffective -- Experts  UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - U.N. measures aimed at crippling  al Qaeda have had little impact on the threat of terrorism and  need to be tightened, a panel of outside experts reported on  Thursday.
NASA Confident of New Shuttle Fuel Tanks (AP) AP - NASA's redesigned space shuttle fuel tanks should no longer shed dangerous pieces of foam when launches resume next spring, officials said Thursday.
Revenge Really Is Sweet, Study Shows (Reuters) Reuters - Revenge feels sweet, and Swiss\researchers said on Thursday they have the brain scans to prove\it.
TD posts profit rise, buys Banknorth stake TD Bank has reported  quot;solid, broad-based results quot; with a 17 per cent rise in quarterly earnings and a dividend increase - along with a \$3.
Bank of NY sues Citigroup over Enron securities _ Bank of New York has filed a lawsuit accusing Citibank and its parent company of a  quot;massive scheme of deception quot; designed to hide the failing finances of the bankrupt energy giant Enron while making billions of dollars for itself.
National Foods 2nd-Half Profit Rises 12 on Gourmet Food Sales National Foods Ltd., Australia #39;s biggest fresh milk supplier, increased second-half profit by 12 percent after selling more specialty cheeses and gourmet foods.
German man regrows jawbone in his back in surgical breakthrough PARIS (AFP) - A German man has been able to eat his first solid meal in nine years, thanks to a pioneering surgical technique in which the patient incubated a replacement jawbone in a muscle on his back.
Anglers blamed for red snapper decline US scientists have pinpointed a new set of predators responsible for dwindling fish stocks - people who fish for fun. They report online in the journal Science today that recreational fishermen catch almost 
IBM Buys Cross-Platform Content-Management Provider IBM acquires software developer Venetica to pump up the content-handling capabilities of its DB2 platform. By Paul McDougall and Rick Whiting.
Government to take over terrorist watch lists from airlines The government will take over from the airlines responsibility for checking passenger names against terrorism watch lists and will begin testing its system within two months, the 
Dutch and Aussies seek history in final ATHENS: The Netherlands and Australia flew through to the Olympic mens hockey finals on Wednesday, setting up the chance for the Dutch to win a third gold in a row and for the Aussies to win their first ever title.
Trojan Felix Sanchez Wins Olympic Gold Medal In 400-Meter Hurdle ATHENS -- Trojan hurdler Felix Sanchez of the Dominican Republic won the gold medal in the 400-meter hurdle today (Aug. 26) at the 2004 Athens Olympics.
Dim prospects for peace With public attention focused elsewhere, the Bush administration is letting Middle East peace hopes disappear. Israelis rightly complain that peace requires a partner, a role that Yasser Arafat has been pathetically incapable of filling so far.
Bombs explode in Thailand #39;s south Two explosions rocked Thailand #39;s troubled southern region Thursday, killing one person and injuring as many as two dozen others.
Bangladesh to ask Interpol to probe into grenade attack case The Bangladeshi government Thursday decided to seek help from International Criminal Police Organization (Interpol) to investigate the Aug. 21 grenade attackon opposition 
Bryant Judge Chastises Prosecutors (AP) AP - On the eve of Kobe Bryant's rape trial, a frustrated judge chastised prosecutors Thursday for waiting until the last minute to challenge DNA evidence the defense says shows the accuser had sex with someone else hours after her encounter with the NBA star.
Md. School to Hand Out Blackberry Devices (AP) AP - The University of Maryland business school plans to give Blackberry wireless devices to all full-time MBA students this fall, an effort to make students technologically savvy and aware that a key to business is being able to access people and information at all times.
AirTran: Regrets flight attendants #39; rejected labor pact SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW) -- AirTran (AAI) said late Thursday it regrets that its flight attendants rejected an agreement negotiated by a private mediator last week.
Dairy giant milks growth DAIRY company National Foods expects continuing growth after today reporting a 14 per cent rise in net profit to \$68.66 million for 2003/04.
CIOs expect moderate hiring, study says Chief information officers in the United States are still taking a  quot;measured approach to hiring, quot; according to a report released Thursday by staffing company Robert Half Technology.
SLT internet services fully restored Sri Lanka Telecom (SLT) has restored fully the internet services pertaining to its dial up internet, dedicated to internet, ADSL and e-mail services, a news release from Sri Lanka Telecom said.
Krispy Kreme Earnings Slide; Change in Strategy Is Planned Krispy Kreme, which wowed Wall Street with a hot old-economy growth story when it went public, has lost more than two-thirds of its value since it peaked a year ago.
Federal Regulators Find Problems at 4 Big Auditors The new regulatory body for the auditing industry said that its inspections of the Big Four accounting firms had found "significant audit and accounting issues."
Toronto Dominion Makes Maine Bank Deal The Toronto-Dominion Bank cautiously entered the United States consumer banking market with a \$3.8 billion deal to acquire 51 percent of the Banknorth Group of Maine.
Australia #39;s National Foods FY Earnings Table MELBOURNE (Dow Jones)--Australian dairy company National Foods Ltd. (NFD.AU) reported Friday a net profit of A\$68.7 million for the year ended June 30, up 14 from A\$60.
Australia  amp; New Zealand Allen Lew, managing director of SingTel Optus Pty #39;s mobile unit, and Andy Reeves, chief technology officer at Vodafone Group Plc #39;s Australian unit, speak on a teleconference from Sydney 
Vivendi tax credit deal amounts to jobs in France PARIS, Aug 26 (AFP) - Vivendi Universal will create 2,100 jobs over five years as part of a deal agreed with the French government allowing the French media and communications group to book tax credits under a new regime, the finance ministry said Thursday 
Sears Canada fires CEO in abrupt move Sears Canada Inc., which has struggled with declining sales over the past few years, said Thursday it fired chairman and chief executive officer Mark Cohen because of strategic differences over the future direction of the business.
Md. school to hand out Blackberry devices COLLEGE PARK, Md. -- The University of Maryland business school plans to give Blackberry wireless devices to all full-time MBA students this fall, an effort to make students technologically savvy and aware 
Yokogawa Electric Said to Hire Engineers Japan #39;s Yokogawa Electric said it planned to hire 2,000 engineers in Singapore by 2010, a newspaper report said Friday. The push will be backed by investment of US\$100 million (euro 82.
New jaw bone grown in mans back muscle A German who had his lower jaw cut out because of cancer has enjoyed his first meal in nine years - a bratwurst sandwich -fter surgeons grew a new jaw bone in his back muscle and transplanted it to his mouth in what experts call an ambitious 
TSA unveils new passenger prescreening program The Transportation Security Administration today took the wraps off the Secure Flight passenger prescreening program, which it seeks to build as a replacement for the Computer Assisted Passenger Prescreening Program that airlines use to keep suspect 
Crowd turn on sprinters over Kederis affair Konstandinos Kederis relinquished his Olympic 200m title in absentia here yesterday - but it was almost as if the stadium was filled with his angry spirit as the 70,000 crowd jeered 
Thursday #39;s Golf Capsules Corey Pavin sank seven birdies and matched his career low with an 8-under-par 62 for a three-stroke lead at the inaugural Buick Championship on Thursday.
Abramovich poser for Uefa Uefa says it will look at Chelsea owner Roman Abramovich #39;s links to CSKA Moscow after the clubs were drawn together in the Champions League.
Pass the baton of trust These are three innocent sprinters, sharing a baton and their medal hopes with Marion Jones, knowing she could take them all down with one horrific lie.
Ex-tennis star Tanner arrested FORMER US tennis star Roscoe Tanner has been arrested for allegedly failing to pay child support, an Orange County sheriff #39;s official said.
Al-Jazeera: Militants in Iraq Kill Italian Hostage The al-Jazeera television channel reports that militants in Iraq have killed their Italian hostage. The Arabic broadcaster says it received a videotape from the militant group calling itself the Islamic Army 
British police arrest radical cleric Abu Hamza British police Thursday arrested radical Muslim cleric Abu Hamza al-Masri under the Terrorism Actat a prison in southeast London where the cleric was already jailed under a US extradition warrant.
Dechy Stuns Capriati 6-4, 7-5 at Pilot Pen (AP) AP - Defending Pilot Pen champion Jennifer Capriati was upset Thursday, losing 6-4, 7-5 to eighth-seeded Nathalie Dechy.
Japan Raids Record Cos. Over Ringtones (AP) AP - Japan's anti-monopoly agency raided several top record companies Thursday on suspicion they illegally blocked other firms from offering music ringtone services to mobile phone users.
4 killed, 54 wounded in three separate attacks in India's restive Assam state (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - GAUHATI, India (AP) - Residents of northeastern India were bracing for more violence Friday, a day after bombs ripped through two buses and a grenade was hurled into a crowded market in attacks that killed four people and wounded 54.
Chicago Public Library offers free Wi-Fi Chicago Public Library Commissioner Mary Dempsey rolled out free wireless Internet connections at the main Harold Washington Library Center and 76 branches.
White House Drafts Intel Reform Orders WASHINGTON - The White House has drafted executive orders aimed at implementing the Sept. 11 commission's recommendations for a more powerful intelligence director and a new national counterterrorism center...
Indian economy suffers due to truckers strike ISLAMABAD: Indian economists are showing concern over the prolong truckers #39; countrywide strike which is causing shortage of essential commodities.
Sold! To the man at the back in the stetson Arnold Schwarzenegger, the governor of California, has devised a novel way of raising funds for the cash-strapped state - a giant car boot sale.
National Foods To Boost Product Release Fourfold -2- MELBOURNE (Dow Jones)--Australian dairy company National Foods Ltd. (NFD.AU) said Friday that it plans to launch at least 80 new products over the next 12 months, compared with the annual average of less than 20.
Egyptian Ibrahim takes wrestling men #39;s 96kg Greco-Roman gold Karam Ibrahim of Egypt clinched the gold in wrestling men #39;s Greco-Roman 96kg category at the Athens Olympics on August 26 by defeating Ramaz Nozadze of Georgia 12-1.
Coach says Khan will only get better Already the revelation of the Olympic boxing tournament, Amir Khan can only improve and might become one of the sport #39;s greatest names, the Briton #39;s coach says.
Al-Sistani Brokers Disarmament Deal For Holy City 27 August 2004 -- A deal has been reached to end three weeks of unrest in the Iraqi holy city of Al-Najaf when Iraq #39;s top Shi #39;ite cleric, Grand Ayatollah Ali al-Sistani, reached an agreement with radical cleric Muqtada al-Sadr.
Palestinian militant killed in Gaza blast: security sources GAZA CITY : An Al-Aqsa Martyrs #39; Brigades militant was killed and two other Palestinians were wounded in an explosion in Gaza City #39;s eastern Shejaya neighborhood, Palestinian security sources told AFP.
Oil production halved as pipelines sabotaged A sabotage attack on a cluster of about 20 oil pipelines in southern Iraq has cut exports from the key oil-producing region by half, a leading oil official said yesterday.
Police Shoot and Kill Hostage Taker in Toronto Toronto police shot and killed a man who was holding a woman hostage in the city #39;s business core on Wednesday, ending a standoff that brought morning rush-hour traffic to a gridlocked standstill.
Terrorist attack pumps up oil prices Oil prices rose off three-month lows yesterday, after an attack on the US consulate in Saudi Arabia and reports of an OPEC pledge to raise its minimum price target.
Surging Red Sox Tame Tigers 4-1 (AP) AP - Bronson Arroyo gave the surging Boston Red Sox another strong start, allowing six hits in 7 1-3 innings in a 4-1 win over the Detroit Tigers on Thursday night.
Dozens Convicted of Cybercrimes (PC World) PC World - DOJ announces arrests, convictions for online fraud and other Net-related crimes.
XP SP2 Gives Reasons to Switch to Linux (Ziff Davis) Ziff Davis - Opinion: With security holes to the left of us and program incompatibilities to the right, SP2 is giving corporate IT departments more reasons than ever to consider a move to Linux desktops.
Oracle Sets New PeopleSoft Buyout Deadline (Ziff Davis) Ziff Davis - The long wait for a decision in the government's antitrust trial against Oracle has prompted the company to extend the deadline yet again for its  #36;7.7 billion attempted buyout of PeopleSoft.
Debate on Kerry's Military Record Rages (AP) AP - Democrat John Kerry on Thursday lashed out at "the lie that's been put out there" about his Vietnam War service as Republicans and Democrats fiercely debated his military record, sensing a political advantage in keeping the issue alive.
Edwards Has Harsh Words for Bush, Cheney (AP) AP - Democratic vice presidential candidate John Edwards took President Bush and Vice President Dick Cheney to task Thursday on gay marriage, poverty, and other issues, using unusually harsh words at a forum that included undecided voters.
J amp;J eyes Guidant? Johnson  amp; Johnson is in advanced talks to buy cardiovascular device maker Guidant Corp. for more than \$24 billion, a newspaper report said Tuesday.
Nikkei Average Moves in Tight Range  TOKYO (Reuters) - Japan's Nikkei average moved in a tight  range until late morning trade on Friday, underpinned by solid  gains in stocks dependent on domestic business, such as Kao  Corp.
Hewitt Continues Excellent U.S. Open Build-Up  COMMACK, New York (Reuters) - Second seed Lleyton Hewitt  continued his excellent build-up to next week's U.S. Open when  a 6-1, 6-4 win over Frenchman Michael Llodra Thursday put him  in the quarter-finals of the \$380,000 Long Island Cup.
Marbury and Late Timeout Are Upsetting to Spaniards The Americans' passion and ruggedness came out of nowhere, just as Stephon Marbury's 31 points did in a 102-94 quarterfinal victory over Spain.
U.S.C.'s Star Receiver Will Not Be Reinstated Mike Williams learned Thursday that the N.C.A.A. had denied his request for reinstatement because of questions concerning his academic eligibility and amateur status.
Business School Doles Out BlackBerry Devices Blending technology and education, the University of Maryland #39;s business school will arm its MBA students with Nextel BlackBerry 7510s.
SUDAN: Darfur peace talks make sluggish progress DAKAR, 26 Aug 2004 (IRIN) - Hit by power cuts and administrative hitches, the Darfur peace talks in the Nigerian capital Abuja made slow progress on Thursday, a spokesman for the African Union (AU) which is sponsoring the negotiations said.
4 killed, 54 wounded in three separate attacks in India #39;s restive &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Residents of northeastern India were bracing for more violence Friday, a day after bombs ripped through two buses and a grenade was hurled into a crowded market in attacks that killed four people and wounded 54.
Comcast Subpoenas Elected Leaders In Montgomery Who Favored Union Two Montgomery County Council members who supported a campaign by employees of Comcast Cable Communications to form a union have been subpoenaed by company attorneys in a federal labor relations case involving a Rockville man who says he was illegally fired by the firm.
Dozens Convicted of Cybercrimes DOJ announces arrests, convictions for online fraud and other Net-related crimes.
Optus, Vodafone to share wireless network Singapore Telecommunications Ltd and Vodafone Group Plc have agreed to build a high-speed wireless phone network in Australia through their local 
PCAOB Releases Big Four Findings WASHINGTON, Aug. 28, 2004 (SmartPros) The Public Company Accounting Oversight Board on Thursday revealed findings from a six-month investigation of the nation #39;s Big Four accounting firms.
Oracle Sets New PeopleSoft Buyout Deadline Oracle extended its \$7.7 billion tender offer for all outstanding shares of PeopleSoft yet again on Thursday, as it waits for US District Court Judge Vaughn Walker to issue a decision in an antitrust lawsuit that aims to permanently block the buyout.
Intel Adds Tri-mode (802.11a,b,g) Wireless Module Intel announced a new tri-mode wireless module (supporting IEEE standards 802.11a, b and g) for notebooks based on Intel Centrino mobile technology.
Apple AirPort Express Some wireless gadgets pump music from a computer to a stereo or TV. Others take a broadband connection and make it available to any PC within range.
Defending champion Capriati ousted by Dechy in New Haven Jennifer Capriati #39;s preparations for next week #39;s US Open were dealt a body blow when she lost 6-4 7-5 to eighth seed Nathalie Dechy of France in the quarter-finals of the \$585,000 New Haven Open on Thursday.
Leaders call for a peaceful intifada The Palestinian leadership has announced a three-point programme of non-violent resistance in an attempt to wrest the diplomatic initiative from Israel.
Chile makes final ruling: Pinochet can stand trial The former Chilean dictator Augusto Pinochet yesterday lost what could be the final round in his tortuous struggle to avoid prosecution for human rights abuses.
Jones, Boxers Get Shots at Gold Medals (AP) AP - ATHENS, Greece  #151; For two weeks in Greece, they were mostly missing in action: Marion Jones and the U.S. boxing team.
WTO Delays Decision On E.U.'s Biotech Ban (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - BRUSSELS, Aug. 26 -- The United States will have to wait until next year to see its fight with the European Union over biotech foods resolved, as the World Trade Organization agreed to an E.U. request to bring scientists into the debate, officials said Thursday.
Passports taken from three Sydney terror suspects (AFP) AFP - Australian authorities have cancelled the passports of three Sydney men who allegedly underwent guerrilla training with a radical Islamic group linked to Al-Qaeda.
Three Share First-Round Lead at Tradition (AP) AP - Jose Maria Canizares birdied his last hole to complete a 5-under-par 67 and share the first-round lead with Bruce Summerhays and Vicente Fernandez at the Tradition on Thursday.
Accounting Board Finds Violations at Big Four Initial reviews of the nation's largest accounting firms have turned up numerous rule violations and shoddy recordkeeping practices, as regulators embarked on a new effort to regularly examine auditors' work.
Wal-Mart #39;s Vice Chairman retires LONDON, December 7 (newratings.com) - Wal-Mart Stores (WMT.NYS) announced yesterday that its Vice Chairman, Thomas Coughlin, would retire on January 24, 2005, after having served the company for 25 years.
Ahold Sees U.S. Retail Profits Fall Dutch food retailer Royal Ahold NV said income from its U.S. retail operations plunged 30 percent in the second quarter, blaming sluggish performance at Giant Food and Stop   Shop Stores, its two biggest American chains.
Examiners Asked to Wait Before Taking Bank Jobs The nation's top bank regulator asked examiners to avoid going to work for banks they supervise for at least a year after leaving the government, but acknowledged he lacks the authority to make such a restriction mandatory.
SPH, MediaCorp Lay Off Over 200 State-owned broadcaster MediaCorp and Singapore Press Holdings Ltd. said Tuesday that they will shut down an English language channel and lay off more than 200 employees ahead of a merger of their mass market TV and free newspaper operations.
Paxil Maker Will Post Its Unfavorable Test Results NEW YORK, Aug. 26 -- Drugmaker GlaxoSmithKline agreed Thursday to settle charges that it hid and misrepresented unfavorable data about the effectiveness and safety of its top-selling anti-depressant Paxil for children and adolescents, agreeing to post all clinical trial data on its drugs by the end of 2005.
Research Settlement Completed NEW YORK, Aug. 26 -- Wall Street passed a significant milestone on Thursday, as two investment banks agreed to pay a combined \$100 million to settle charges that they published overly bullish research reports on questionable companies to win their investment banking business.
Comcast Subpoenas Elected Leaders In Montgomery Who Favored Union  Two Montgomery County Council members who supported a campaign by employees of Comcast Cable Communications to form a union have been subpoenaed by company attorneys in a federal labor relations case involving a Rockville man who says he was illegally fired by the firm.
Britain Arrests Radical Cleric Al-Masri (AP) AP - Police arrested a radical Muslim cleric Thursday on suspicion of preparing or instigating "acts of terrorism," a move that could delay U.S. attempts to extradite the suspect for allegedly trying to establish a terrorist training camp in Oregon and on other charges.
Nikkei Up as Economic Optimism Grows  TOKYO (Reuters) - Japan's Nikkei average rose 0.39 percent  by midsession on Friday, bolstered by solid gains in stocks  dependent on domestic business such as Kao Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=4452.T target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;4452.T&lt;/A&gt;.
White Sox Down Fading Indians 14-9 (AP) AP - Carl Everett homered and drove in four runs, leading the Chicago White Sox to a 14-9 victory over the fading Cleveland Indians on Thursday night.
Tentative Accord Reached in Najaf to End Fighting The deal calls for the withdrawal of Moktada al-Sadr's fighters from the Imam Ali shrine and a pullback of U.S. forces.
Crude prices fall despite attacks on Iraq pipeline LONDON: World oil prices fell strongly yesterday for the second day running as worries over supply disruptions eased with traders claiming overnight pipeline attacks in major producer Iraq were unlikely to affect the country #39;s crude exports.
India approves \$104bn budget NEW DELHI: India #39;s parliament passed the annual budget yesterday as opposition lawmakers boycotted the vote, accusing the country #39;s premier of insulting them after they refused to debate the spending bill.
Accounting Board Finds Violations Initial reviews of the nation #39;s largest accounting firms have turned up numerous rule violations and shoddy recordkeeping practices, as regulators embarked on a new effort to regularly examine auditors #39; work.
Paxil Maker Will Post Its Unfavorable Test Results Drugmaker GlaxoSmithKline agreed Thursday to settle charges that it hid and misrepresented unfavorable data about the effectiveness and safety of its top-selling anti 
OPEC To Try To Curb Oil Prices The Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) expects to find a solution with non-OPEC members and oil companies to jointly stabilize oil prices at their meeting next month, OPEC president Purnomo Yusgiantoro said.
Oracle Extends Offer for PeopleSoft Business software maker Oracle Corp. (ORCL.O: Quote, Profile, Research) said on Thursday it is extending again its hostile tender offer for all of the common stock of PeopleSoft Inc.
Ashcroft launches actions against P2P users Ashcroft takes federal enforcement action taken against criminal copyright piracy on peer-to-peer networks. Attorney General John Ashcroft, Assistant Attorney General Christopher A. Wray, and US Attorney for 
Relaxed Buildup For Carter A relaxed buildup, out of the spotlight, has been the key to Hamish Carter #39;s Olympic success. Carter led home a New Zealand gold and silver finish in the men #39;s triathlon on Thursday night, beating home teammate Bevan Docherty.
O #39;Malley bounces back after injury Peter O #39;Malley is determined to take advantage of the distraction of the Ryder Cup after posting a five under par 67 on the first day of the BMW International Open in Munich.
Schumacher on favourite stage MICHAEL SCHUMACHER is back at his favourite race to claim a title demoralised opponents conceded to him months ago, an unprecedented seventh F1 crown.
Yankees 7, Blue Jays 4 Alex Rodriguez finally came through in the clutch, hitting a go-ahead single in the ninth inning to help the New York Yankees rally past the Toronto Blue Jays 7-4 Thursday night.
Tentative Accord Reached in Najaf to End Fighting Aides to the country #39;s most powerful Shiite leader said they had reached a tentative agreement on Thursday to end the three-week siege in this holy 
Al Jazeera Reports Journalist Executed The Iraqi kidnappers of Italian journalist Enzo Baldoni killed him because Italy refused to heed their earlier deadline to withdraw troops from Iraq, says Al Jazeera television.
Pipeline Attack Slows Iraq #39;s Oil Production Insurgents attacked eight oil pipelines in southern Iraq late Wednesday, temporarily slowing production of the country #39;s most important export on Thursday, according to 
Record Level of Americans Not Insured on Health The number of people without health insurance rose by 1.4 million, to a record 45 million last year, amid rising costs for coverage.
Lenovo, IBM may soon reveal PC unit deal Hong Kong, December 7: China #39;s largest personal computer maker, Lenovo Group Ltd, could announce as early as Tuesday that it is buying control of IBM #39;s PC-making business for up to US\$2 billion, a source familiar with the situation said.
Smithfield #39;s profit more than doubles SMITHFIELD Pork processor Smithfield Foods Inc. said yesterday that net income in the first quarter more than doubled as improved profitability in hog production and strong results in pork offset lower beef earnings.
Mortgage Rates Increase Mortgage rates rose this week, although 30-year mortgages were still below the 6 percent level for a fourth week, Freddie Mac said Thursday.
Study Cites Sport Fishermen #39;s Impact on Species Fishermen are famed for overstating the size of their catches, but science has found an instance in which anglers have apparently underestimated their prowess.
Doctors graft new jaw on man #39;s back Doctors in Germany have rebuilt a man #39;s face after growing a new jaw on his back, it has been revealed. By the fourth week after receiving the pioneering transplant, the patient was able to enjoy his first solid meal for nine years.
Mattos: Venetica Buy Makes IBM King of Content IBM #39;s intent to purchase Venetica Corp., which it announced on Thursday, is the latest gambit to prove that the Armonk, NY, company is dead serious about ruling the content integration market.
TiVo-like Application for XM Radio Under Fire The Fine Print: The following comments are owned by whoever posted them. We are not responsible for them in any way. by Anonymous Coward on Thursday August 26, 10:48PM (#10084803).
Paul Hamm:  #39;I competed my heart out #39; Gymnast Paul Hamm became the first-ever American to win the men #39;s all-around title in one of the closest-ever Olympic competitions.
Asia Stocks Near Flat on Economic Data  SINGAPORE (Reuters) - Asian shares struggled to break above  the flat line on Friday as dour economic reports in Japan and  South Korea followed lackluster trading in U.S. markets to cap  gains.
Bryant Trial Begins After months of legal wrangling, the case of &lt;em&gt;People v. Kobe Bean Bryant&lt;/em&gt; commences on Friday in Eagle, Colo., with testimony set to begin next month.
No Mistaking Identity LaVar Arrington, Washington D.C.'s most popular athlete, has endeared himself to the area with a hard-hitting style of linebacking and a soft touch with the fans.
Weeks Strong at Safety U-Va.'s fifth-year senior safety Marquis Weeks drives the Cavaliers defense confidently from his strong safety position.
White House Proposes Intelligence Changes WASHINGTON - The White House has drafted executive orders aimed at implementing the Sept. 11 commission's recommendations for a more powerful intelligence director and a new national counterterrorism center...
Terps Tab Statham Ralph Friedgen yesterday named Joel Statham his starting quarterback to open the season but conceded that all of Maryland's quarterbacks are struggling.
NHLPA 'Not Negotiating' The NHL blasted the NHLPA on Thursday for turning the last two days of contract negotiations into a "charade" as the sides try to reach a labor agreement with a Sept. 15 deadline looming.
Strong start benefits Pavin A second hole eagle allowed Corey Pavin to card an eight-under-par first round of 62 in the PGA Buick Championship and open up a three shot lead.
NCAA denies reinstatement request for Mike Williams The NCAA refused to reinstate Southern California All-American Mike Williams on Thursday, leaving the star receiver unable to rejoin the top-ranked Trojans after being shut out of the NFL draft by the courts.
A-Rods late delivery The way Alex Rodriguez jumped out of the batter #39;s box in the ninth inning last night, he looked as happy as a little leaguer after his first big hit.
U.S. Tally in Online-Crime Sweep: 150 Charged The cases, involving credit card fraud, corporate espionage and other offenses, are part of what the Justice Department calls Operation Web Snare.
Oracle Extends Hostile Offer for PeopleSoft Oracle said that it had extended its hostile tender offer for PeopleSoft to Sept. 10, as it awaits a ruling on whether the takeover attempt can proceed.
Tech Shares Pushed Lower, but Market Barely Budges A downgrading of several semiconductor companies by a brokerage firm put technology shares under pressure on Thursday.
18 Holes on 2 Wheels Is the Segway  a futuristic, two-wheeled, self-balancing "human transporter"  headed for the golf course?
World Bank unveils 12 billion dollar plan to cut poverty in India (AFP) AFP - The World Bank unveiled plans to lend up to 12 billion dollars to India under a fresh four-year program beginning in 2005 to alleviate poverty in the world's second most populous nation.
Sure, It's Pragmatic. But Stylish? The Minivan Is Getting a Makeover Making the minivan hip would be an Olympian feat, but the pragmatic advantage of vans was underscored in statistics that showed them to be safer than cars.
Coyotes Juggle Centers The Phoenix Coyotes signed free-agent center Petr Nedved and traded center Daymond Langkow to the Calgary Flames for two players on Thursday.
STOCKS TO WATCH SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW) - Among the companies whose shares are likely to see active trading on Friday are Hewlett-Packard (HPQ: news, chart, profile) and Delta (DAL: news, chart, profile).
National Foods posts increased net profit Australia #39;s biggest supplier of fresh milk, National Foods, has posted a net profit of \$68.7 million, an increase of 14 per cent on last financial year.
US Tally in Online-Crime Sweep: 150 Charged The Justice Department announced Thursday that more than 150 people had been arrested, charged or convicted in the last three months in a wide-ranging sweep of criminal activity on the Internet.
NASA Notes Some Progress in Making Shuttles Safer A year after investigators concluded that the space shuttle Columbia was lost because of a damaged wing and a flawed approach to safety at NASA, agency officials said 
Security overkill in Athens means more empty seats It was splashed on the front page of Greece #39;s mass-circulation To Vima, a left-leaning daily newspaper:  quot;Muslim blessing for the Athens Games.
NHL exec says union engaging in a  #39;charade #39; Ottawa, ON (Sports Network) - The negotiations to save the National Hockey League from a work stoppage seemed to take a turn for the worse on Thursday.
Shujaat says Aziz will make Pakistan an economic power ISLAMABAD: Chaudhry Shujaat Hussain, former prime minister and president of the Pakistan Muslim League, on Thursday said optimistically that after becoming the countrys prime minister Shaukat Aziz would turn Pakistan into a robust economic power.
HP Set to Launch Latest Push Into Consumer Markets (Reuters) Reuters - Hewlett-Packard Co. (HPQ.N) on\Friday will unveil a range of products including its version of\the iPod digital music player that raises the stakes in a war\between PC and electronics makers for a spot in increasingly\digitized living rooms.
Crews Search for Asia Typhoon Victims (AP) AP - Bulldozers and rescue crews on Friday scraped away at the dirt and boulders that officials said buried as many as 15 people in a northern Taiwanese village ravaged by Typhoon Aere before it spun toward China.
Iraqis flock to shrine after deal Thousands of Iraqis walk through Najaf to the city's great shrine as a peace deal takes effect.
Asia Stocks Near Flat on Economic Data (Reuters) Reuters - Asian shares struggled to break above\the flat line on Friday as dour economic reports in Japan and\South Korea followed lackluster trading in U.S. markets to cap\gains.
Yen Firms Ahead of Greenspan, U.S. GDP (Reuters) Reuters - The yen firmed against the dollar on\Friday, after dipping on a surprise rise in Japan's\unemployment rate, as investors grew cautious ahead of U.S.\growth data and a speech by the Federal Reserve chief.
Iraqi Holy City  Left Broken by Urban Warfare U.S. troops' pinpoint fire and munitions restrictions have ensured that Najaf's Imam Ali shrine remains all but unscathed. But the core of the city around it, dear to millions of Shiite Muslims, has been mauled by combat.
U.S. Denies Role in Cuban Exiles' Pardon Bush administration officials denied any role Thursday in the pardon of four Cuban exiles by Panama. Three of the exiles -- convicted in a plot to assassinate Fidel Castro -- were immediately flown to Miami.
Banknorth deal good for consumers, analyst says Canadian control of Banknorth Group Inc. is likely to be good for consumers on this side of the border, an analyst said yesterday after confirmation that TD Bank Financial Group is to become majority shareholder in Banknorth Group Inc.
Hole in Krispy Kreme strategy gro It #39;s barely a year since Krispy Kreme Doughnuts came to the Hub, vowing to glaze the town. But last night Chief Executive Scott Livengood was instead eating liberal helpings of fresh-baked 
Vodafone Plans Joint Australia 3G Rollout Vodafone, which has some 330,000 customers in Queensland or about 10 of the state #39;s mobile market, hopes the promotion will add 150,000 new customers or nearly 1 of Australia #39;s 16 million mobile telephone users.
Vivendi to enjoy new tax status Vivendi Universal SA, owner of the world #39;s largest record company, said the French Government approved a change to its tax status allowing the company to save 
Study: Recreational fishers have more impact on counts TALLAHASSEE - Long considered of negligible impact, US recreational fishers may be responsible for landing nearly 25 percent of overfished salt water species, a Florida State University study released Thursday suggests.
Music Industry Sues 744 More for File Sharing The trade group representing the US music industry has filed a new round of lawsuits against 744 people it alleges used online file-sharing networks to illegally trade in copyrighted materials, it said on Wednesday.
Guo takes second gold in women #39;s 3m springboard Reigning synchronized 3m springboard Olympic champion Guo Jingjing breezed to the individual title for her second Olympic gold here Thursday in the diving pool.
Spa is  #39;magic #39; track - Schumacher It #39;s no F1 secret, but Spa-Francorchamps - not far from Michael Schumacher #39;s German birthplace - is his favourite track. Ferrari #39;s champion won last time out in Belgium (2002) and will probably wrap-up title number seven in the Ardennes on Sunday.
Players refuse to let CBA talks become a distraction Don #39;t mention the NHL #39;s collective bargaining agreement in the Team Canada dressing room. The 26 players are polite when asked about the subject, but they #39;re not going to get into any heavy discussions regarding 
American League Game Summary - New York at Toronto Hudson #39;s homer was 10th of the season...The Blue Jays are 31-32 as the host this season, while the Yankees are 36-30 as the visitor...Toronto starter David Bush worked the first 5 2/3 innings, allowing three runs on seven hits.
Iraqi abductors kill Italian journalist Iraqi militants have killed the abducted Italian journalist, Enzo Baldoni, after his country refused to withdraw its troops from the war torn country, Arabic television channel Al Jazeera reports.
Suspect admits al-Qaida membership A man accused of being the chief propagandist for Osama bin Laden admitted yesterday at a military trial that he was a member of the al-Qaida terrorist 
Britain arrests radical cleric London - British Police arrested radical cleric Abu Hamza al-Masri on suspicion of terrorism links Thursday, a move suggesting that Britain intends to charge him, which could delay US attempts to extradite him.
HP Set to Launch Latest Push Into Consumer Markets Hewlett-Packard Co. HPQ.N on Friday will unveil a range of products including its version of the iPod digital music player that raises the stakes in a war between 
Court reinstates Sav-on suit - report The California Supreme Court on Thursday reinstated a class-action lawsuit by as many as 1, 400 Sav-on Drug Stores managers and assistant managers who claim they 
Arnie #39;s new role is cleaning out the attic Arnold Schwarzenegger, the actor-turned-governor, is seeking to maximise revenue in the cash-strapped state of California to keep his pledge of no new taxes.
Monty #39;s last Ryder Cup stand Colin Montgomerie enhanced his prospects of picking up a Ryder Cup wildcard with a sparkling 5-under par 67 in the first round of the German Open on Thursday.
Schumacher returns to his favorite stage SPA-FRANCORCHAMPS, Belgium - Michael Schumacher is back at his favorite race, looking to claim a title demoralized opponents conceded to him months ago: an unprecedented seventh Formula One drivers championship.
NHL Official Says Players  #39;Are Not Negotiating #39; The NHL #39;s chief legal officer blasted the players #39; association yesterday for turning the last two days of contract negotiations in Ottawa into a  quot;charade quot; as the sides try to reach a labor agreement with a Sept.
Philip Terzian: UN offers no hope for Darfur The National Islamic Front, the ruling Khartoum cabal that overthrew the elected leadership in 1989, has carried out a policy of genocide against Sudans African peoples since the early 1990s.
Bogota Bomb Blast Kills 2 Police Officers (AP) AP - A bomb exploded in front of a beauty salon in Colombia's capital Thursday night as a police car drove by, killing two officers and wounding two other people, authorities said.
A Windfall for a Student Loan Program The student loan industry is collecting a record amount of the old subsidies Congress thought it had retired.
HP Set to Launch Latest Push Into Consumer Markets  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Hewlett-Packard Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=HPQ.N qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;HPQ.N&lt;/A&gt; on  Friday will unveil a range of products including its version of  the iPod digital music player that raises the stakes in a war  between PC and electronics makers for a spot in increasingly  digitized living rooms.
Server sales sag in the middle Cheap servers and expensive ones are looking fit, says IDC, but midrange models need to hit the StairMaster.
US drugmakers accused of violating antitrust law A San Francisco law firm filed an antitrust lawsuit Thursday in state court against 15 of the biggest drugmakers, alleging they have conspired to charge  quot;artificially higher prices 
Replacement jawbone grown on patient #39;s back A German man, whose jaw was removed because of cancer, has been able to eat his first solid meal in nine years thanks to a replacement jawbone which was incubated in a muscle on his back.
Sweeping giants: US dominates 200 A disruptive Greek chorus of whistles, chanting, and catcalls could not derail a crowd-silencing American sweep in the men #39;s 200-meter dash at the Olympic Games last night.
Second Olympic gold for Chinese Taipei : Olympics 2004 Athens  gt; Athens, Aug 26 : Chu Mu Yen Thursday collected the second Olympic gold for Chinese Taipei in the men #39;s 58-kg taekwondo final, minutes after Chen Shih Hsin had won the historic gold in the women #39;s 49-kg, reports Xinhua.
Lack of progress on labor results in frustration OTTAWA (Ticker) -- While the dialogue at the latest NHL labor meeting Thursday resulted in little progress on a new collective bargaining agreement, it did generate harsh words from a league official.
Newman hopes to right the ship at Bristol track BRISTOL, Tenn. - Ryan Newman cant afford any more missteps, which is a pretty tough row to hoe when the next race on the schedule is at Bristol Motor Speedway.
Camarillo lifts Mexico over Panama Alan Camarillo had a special night. One that no baseball player would ever forget. His game-winning three-run home run in the top of the 10th gave 
U.S. Searches Computers, Trying to Disrupt Piracy Federal authorities conducted six searches Wednesday in an attempt to disrupt a network used to trade copies of movies, software, games and music.
Sprint, SBC Announce Wi-Fi Roaming Pact (AP) AP - Customers of Sprint Corp. and SBC Communications Inc. will be able to use both companies' wireless Internet connections with less hassle under a reciprocal deal announced Friday.
HP Moves Deeper Into Consumer Electronics (AP) AP - Personal computer giant Hewlett-Packard Co. is stepping deeper than ever into the consumer electronics arena with its fall product lineup  #151; so don't be surprised if you hear about "HP TV" along with "HDTV" when shopping for your next television.
Rangers Park Twins Chan Ho Park pitches six strong innings in his return from the disabled list and Texas equals its win total from last year by easily defeating Minnesota 8-3.
Pinochet Loses Immunity in Chile   Chile's Supreme Court yesterday stripped former dictator Augusto Pinochet of immunity from prosecution, paving the way for possible trials of the 88-year-old general on charges of human rights abuses during his 17-year rule.
In support of free speech  quot;I don #39;t think we ought to have 527s, quot; President Bush said the other day, referring to the political fund-raising and advocacy organizations that have sprouted in the wake of his signing the anti-free speech McCain-Feingold campaign-finance  quot;reform quot; law 
Airport Screening System Touted as Improvement For months, homeland security officials have privately debated how to blunt criticism of their planned aviation screening system that passengers and airlines complained was overly intrusive.
Nationwide Web-crime sweep rounds up scores The Justice Department announced yesterday that more than 150 people had been arrested, charged or convicted in the last three months in a wide-ranging sweep of criminal activity on the Internet.
NASA aims to launch shuttle nine-day window in March CAPE CANAVERAL-- NASA aims to launch its first post-Columbia shuttle mission during a shortened nine-day window March, and failure to do so likely would delay a planned return to flight until at least May.
China #39;s Consumer Electronics Market Grows China #39;s consumer electronics market will grow by almost 90 percent to \$94 billion by 2007 as manufacturers shift to high-end digital products and away from more basic items like toys and watches, an industry publication forecasts.
UK standards authority tells MS to drop  #39;misleading #39; Linux ads An ad running in the UK that implied running a Linux operating system is ten times more expensive than running a Windows operating system has been oficially condemned as misleading by the UK #39;s Advertising Standards Authority (ASA), after public complaints 
Manchester United confirms Rooney bid Manchester, England (Sports Network) - Manchester United confirmed on its website Wednesday that is has made an offer to Everton for young striker Wayne Rooney.
Cubs Team Report Manager Dusty Baker took RF Sammy Sosa up on his offer to bat fifth, marking the first time Sosa hit in that slot since 1994. Of the 56 players with at least 100 at-bats in the cleanup spot, Sosa was second-to-last in batting average.
Listen to the show Former Chilean dictator General Augusto Pinochet has lost his immunity by order of the countrys Supreme Court. Pinochet overthrew democratically elected socialist President Salvadore Allende and ruled Chile from 1973 to 1990.
Still no fix for US space shuttle a large hole, quot; said Parsons.  quot;Our expectation is that we #39;ll fix the tank and there won #39;t be anything like that we #39;ll have to deal with.
Verizon #39;s Wireless Wonder The phone giant #39;s mobile unit is not just a great telecom operation. It may be one of the best companies in the world. Verizon Communications (VZ ) Chief Executive Ivan Seidenberg is a fan of management guru 
WORLD IN BRIEF GAZA CITY -- An explosion wounded a senior Islamic Jihad field commander, Mohammed Khalil, in a Gaza refugee camp Thursday in what the Palestinian militant group said was an assassination attempt by Israel.
Taiwan Rescuers Dig Out 7 Bodies Buried in Landslide (Reuters) Reuters - Taiwan rescue workers dug out seven\bodies from mud and rock in a mountain village that was hit by\a devastating landslide triggered by Typhoon Aere, but eight\still remained buried, officials said on Friday.
Live: Olympics day 14 Britain's Tim Brabants is set to go for gold in the men's K1 kayak final at 0630 BST.
LATEST FUTURES NEWS US oil prices rose on Friday, stemming five days of losses, but dealers expected a further slide towards \$40 a barrel as worries of potential supply disruptions ease.
HP unveils 25 fresh consumer electronics products Hewlett-Packard on Friday will launch 25 consumer products, part of its push toward digital entertainment as some of its other units struggle.
Union leader held, truckers threaten to intensify stir The crisis caused by the truckers strike deepened today after the Delhi Police arrested OP Agarwal, the chairman of the All India Transporters Welfare Association (AITWA).
National Foods 2nd-Half Net Rises 12 on Milk Sales (Update2) National Foods Ltd. increased second- half profit by 12 percent as Australia #39;s biggest fresh milk supplier expanded its range of gourmet foods and sold more Pura Classic and other flavored milk drinks in convenience stores.
A big night for American track _ five medals and a countryman wins &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; What a night for US athletes in Olympic track and field. Even in the event that went to another country, an American won. Shawn Crawford, Bernard Williams and Justin Gatlin swept the 200.
NCAA Denies Reinstatement of USC Star The NCAA yesterday denied the University of Southern California #39;s request to restore the college football eligibility of all-American wide receiver Mike Williams.
Kidnappers Claim to Kill Journalist DUBAI, United Arab Emirates, Aug. 26 -- The kidnappers of Italian journalist Enzo Baldoni, taken hostage in Iraq, said they had killed him, al-Jazeera television reported Thursday.
Australian cruise missile plan slammed SYDNEY: Australia announced on Thursday a cruise missile programme to acquire the regions  quot;most lethal quot; air combat capacity, but critics quickly denounced the plan as a foolish provocation to its neighbours.
PML, allies hail Shujaat ISLAMABAD: Parliamentary party of the Pakistan Muslim League and its allies on Thursday lauded the political wisdom and acumen of Chaudhry Shujaat Hussain during his short tenure as the prime minister.
EU opens in-depth investigation into Microsoft/Time Warner &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The European Commission has decided to open an in-depth investigation into the proposed joint acquisition by Microsoft and Time Warner of a US company called ContentGuard.
Drug firm agrees to disclose all data ALBANY, NYGlaxoSmithKline PLC agreed yesterday to release negative data on the safety and effectiveness of its drugs to settle a lawsuit by New York #39;s attorney general that accused the pharmaceutical maker of misrepresenting data on prescribing its 
TiVo puts a brave face on subscription numbers Digital video recorder pioneer TiVo sent mixed signals Thursday about the progress of its ambitious effort to win new subscribers and become profitable.
Boeing wins Air Force contract to launch satellites WASHINGTON -- The Boeing Co., the second-biggest US defense contractor, won a \$54 million contract to launch four navigation satellites for the Air Force in the second exception to a ban imposed on the company last year.
NASA making recovery following shuttle disaster A year after a scathing report on the shuttle Columbia tragedy criticized NASA #39;s safety and management culture, a consultant hired to make changes said Thursday the space agency is showing signs of recovery.
Go ahead, make my day: Revenge feels, oh, so good It #39;s a scenario only too familiar to those of us who drive the mean streets and main thoroughfares of this city - except that, in this case, it #39;s the start of an editorial by Stanford University psychology professor Brian Knutson published today in 
Women #39;s Soccer:  quot;Fab Five quot; capture Olympic gold ATHENS, Greece - When the first whistle chirped, US women #39;s soccer icon Mia Hamm thought it was merely a foul call. She wondered when the endless, harrowing gold medal match against Brazil would finally end.
8/27/2004 LETTER: No guilt required Once again the elitist left-wing media is attempting to make Americans feel guilty for achieving excellence. Paul Hamm followed the rules, performed a brilliant high-bar routine and won the gold medal fair and square.
Election of the new Prime Minister takes place today afternoon ISLAMABAD: The National Assembly will meet in a special session at the Parliament House in Islamabad Friday at 4:00 pm (PST) to ascertain the new leader of the house.
South Korea Plays Down Talk of North Summit A North-South summit could provide a breakthrough in the crisis over Pyongyang #39;s nuclear ambitions, South Korea #39;s prime minister was quoted as saying on Friday, but the 
Howard tipped to finally call Australian elections this weekend (AFP) AFP - Australian Prime Minister John Howard is widely expected to announce an election date this weekend, setting off a tight race between his conservative coalition and a resurgent Labor Party.
South Korea Plays Down Talk of North Summit  SEOUL (Reuters) - A North-South summit could provide a  breakthrough in the crisis over Pyongyang's nuclear ambitions,  South Korea's prime minister was quoted as saying on Friday,  but the government made clear no such meeting was planned for  now.
Brabants takes fifth spot Britain's Tim Brabants finishes fifth in the final of the men's K1 1000m singles.
HP Moves Deeper Into Consumer Electronics SAN JOSE, Calif. - Personal computer giant Hewlett-Packard Co. is stepping deeper than ever into the consumer electronics arena with its fall product lineup - so don #39;t be surprised if you hear about  quot;HP TV 
Government to Begin Passenger Screening Officials from the Department of Homeland Security formalized plans on Thursday to begin screening airline passengers against a list of potential terror suspects 
Cyber crime #39;s worth? 215 million dollars! The US Justice Department #39;s crackdown on cyber crime has brought to light illegal activities, including credit-card fraud, to the tune of over US \$215 million and resulted in dozens of arrests, a senior official said in Washington.
Gold medal sendoff for US soccer veterans As television cameras gathered in front of the US women #39;s soccer team after it defeated Brazil 2-1 in overtime for the gold medal yesterday, the woman who scored the game 
UK Launches Own Case Against Cleric Sought by US British police launched their own terrorism case Thursday against radical Muslim cleric Abu Hamza al-Masri, already jailed in London under a US arrest warrant.
Stem cells used to grow man a new jaw A German whose lower jaw was cut out because of cancer has eaten his first solid meal in nine years - bratwurst sandwich  -er surgeons grew a new jaw bone in his back muscle 
Italy maintains commitment to Iraq despite killing of hostage Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi says he is determined to keep up Italy #39;s efforts in Iraq despite the execution of an Italian hostage.
Around The Region Fort Worth-based American Airlines said its cost for jet fuel will be \$1 billion higher than last year because of rising prices. Fuel costs will rise 43 percent from the previous estimate for \$700 million in additional expenses.
Around The Nation WASHINGTON - Deutsche Bank Securities has agreed to pay \$87.5 million to settle allegations that it issued stock research that was biased by its investment banking business, regulators announced Thursday as part of a crackdown on conflicts of interest on 
Marion Jones Seeks 2 Golds, US Plays Argentina in Basketball Five-time Olympic medalist Marion Jones goes for gold medals in the long jump and 400-meter relay at the Athens Games, while the US basketball team plays Argentina for a spot in the men #39;s basketball final.
Anti-terror police arrest Abu Hamza Radical Muslim cleric Abu Hamza is being questioned at Paddington Green police station in London after being arrested over alleged terrorism offences.
News: FBI busts alleged DDoS Mafia A corporate executive goes on the lam after being charged with paying hackers to virtually rub out the competition.  
Militant Group Says It Downed Russian Jets (AP) AP - A claim of responsibility for the downing of two Russian planes appeared on a Web site known for militant Muslim comment Friday.
Royals Clobber Mariners 7-3 (AP) AP - Ichiro Suzuki homered for his 200th hit of the season, but Abraham Nunez hit his second grand slam in two weeks to lead the Kansas City Royals over the Seattle Mariners 7-3 Thursday night.
Gritty return for Prince of Persia The dashing Prince of Persia is back in Warrior Within, and in a more bellicose mood than last time.
Olympics: Unforgiving Greeks Boo as Games Turn Ugly  ATHENS (Reuters) - The Olympics turned ugly when  unforgiving Greeks, incensed that fallen hero Costas Kenteris  was missing from the 200 meters, delayed the final by booing  and chanting for five minutes.
U.S. Takes Action Against 2 Foreign Banks (AP) AP - The Treasury Department took action Tuesday against two foreign banks it suspects of money laundering, including one it accused of helping Saddam Hussein use funds from the United Nations' oil-for-food program.
Huge Crowds at Najaf Shrine, Some Rebels Hand in Arms  NAJAF, Iraq (Reuters) - Tens of thousands of chanting Iraqi  Shi'ites converged on a holy shrine in Najaf on Friday, where  some rebels began handing in weapons after a peace deal was  reached overnight to end a three-week uprising.
Business briefs - BHP Billiton forms Japanese joint venture Anglo-Australian mining giant BHP Billiton was forming a joint venture with Japanese steel maker JFE that would underpin iron ore sales worth \$3.
Capitol unwilling to pay bill on bridge Bay Area lawmakers reject &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Sacramento -- The Schwarzenegger administration offered a counterproposal on how to pay for the Bay Bridge #39;s \$2.3 billion cost overruns Thursday, but local lawmakers immediately rejected the plan as time was running out for a solution.
Dynamic duo grab double glory Athens: New Zealand doubled its Olympic medal tally in sensational style yesterday as Hamish Carter and Bevan Docherty blitzed the men #39;s triathlon to plunder gold and silver on the Athens waterfront.
Russia wins grueling, endangered pentathlon ATHENS Andrei Moiseev of Russia won the men #39;s modern pentathlon on Thursday, finishing so far ahead of his rivals that he was able to stop and collect a flag from a spectator before crossing the line.
Soccer veterans grab gold in finale ATHENS, Greece -- The decisive move in the Olympic women #39;s soccer tournament was soaring toward the head of Abby Wambach when the ball and a thought arrived at her noggin about the same time.
TRACK AND FIELD Disgruntled Crowd Sees a US Sweep For eight minutes, 56,000 Greek fans protested the absence of their disgraced champion sprinter and hurled their resentment at three United States sprinters when their names 
The first to go THE wheels of the managerial merry-go-around have been well and truly greased with the swift sacking of Paul Sturrock at Southampton.
Grand ayatollah brokers deal The senior Shiite cleric #39;s spokesman says that Muqtada al-Sadr #39;s army will abandon the Imam Ali shrine today. BY HANNAH ALLAM.
Texans, Broncos Looking for Answers (AP) AP - The Denver Broncos have struggled through three preseason games, unable to get much going on offense.
Gagne Pitches in Montreal One Last Time (AP) AP - Even with a big lead, Eric Gagne wanted to pitch in front of his hometown fans one last time.
Yen Hits 1-Wk High Vs Dollar, Shuns Data  TOKYO (Reuters) - The yen hit a one-week high against the  dollar on Friday as traders took their cue from a rise in  Japanese shares on weak oil prices and shrugged off a surprise  rise in Japan's unemployment rate.
Republicans Might Be Yankees of Politics (AP) AP - Republicans hold their convention next week in New York, home to the GOP-like Yankees. The Democrats chose Boston, whose Red Sox resemble that party.
Sears fires chief TORONTO -- Sears Canada Inc. has dismissed Mark Cohen as chair and chief executive, citing  quot;strategic differences quot; between him and the board of directors.
Stocks off slightly despite oil news A brokerage firm #39;s negative outlook for the semiconductor industry pushed down tech shares yesterday, while the broader market was little changed as a jump in jobless claims offset investors #39; relief over declining oil prices.
BT told to cut cost of lines to rivals Telecoms watchdog Ofcom yesterday tried to relax BT #39;s hold on the nation #39;s network of phone lines by ordering a reduction of more than 70 in the price the company can charge its rivals to use them.
Brown becomes ugly American Larry Brown couldn #39;t help himself, or the reputation of his country. He could have watched the clock wind down, accept the victory, but instead he had to be so very American.
Olympics 2004: Canoeing: Veraas Larsen ready for K-1 500m finals Eirik Veraas Larsen had no problem winning his heat in the K-1 500m semifinals on Thursday morning, and is now favourite to win the Saturday final.
NCAA ruling makes Mike Williams a football star without a team Mike Williams is a terrific wide receiver -- an All-American at Southern California last season who will probably be a star in the NFL someday.
Italy to Stay in Iraq After Reporter Murdered, Berlusconi Says Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi called the killing of an Italian journalist by his Iraqi captors barbaric #39; #39; and said he #39;ll keep his nation #39;s 3,000 soldiers in the Middle Eastern country.
2 more US brokers fined for hyping stock Two big US brokers have agreed to pay fines of USD100m to the market #39;s watchdog for hyping stock. They have agreed the fines with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) for  quot;inappropriate analysis of stocks quot;.
Lukoil stake on sale for \$1.9bn Russian officials handling the sale of a stake in oil giant Lukoil have set a opening price of \$1.9bn (1bn) for 7.6 of the company.
Cybercrime crackdown has nabbed 150 in USA A summerlong crackdown on cybercrime has resulted in arrests or convictions of more than 150 individuals, Attorney General John Ashcroft announced Thursday.
IBM to acquire content management firm Venetica New York, August 27: International Business Machines Corp. on Thursday said it will acquire Venetica, whose software allows users to view and process files in a variety of software formats.
US beats Brazil for Olympic gold in womens football ATHENS, Greece -- American superstar Mia Hamm was given the perfect sendoff as the United States rode their luck to beat Brazil in extra-time and win the Olympic women #39;s football gold medal for the second time in eight years.
Pavin in Buick driver #39;s seat Corey Pavin finished with a flourish for one of the best rounds of his career and a three-stroke lead at the inaugural Buick Championship on Thursday at Cromwell, Conn.
Horror at execution of Italian journalist Enzo Baldoni Reporters Without Borders expressed revulsion today at the  quot;barbaric quot; death of Italian freelance journalist Enzo Baldoni, 56, who was executed in Iraq last night by his kidnappers, according to the pan-Arab TV news station Al-Jazeera and the Italian news 
 #39;Black boxes failed before planes went down #39; Moscow - Recorders from the two planes that crashed nearly simultaneously in Russia have not yielded reliable information, a top official says.
Opel plans to reintroduce 40-hour week (AFP) AFP - Troubled German car maker Opel, a unit of General Motors, is planning to extend the working week for employees from 35 to 40 hours without any corresponding rise in pay, the mass-circulation daily Bild reported.
Europe backs digital TV lifestyle A European project aims to change how people receive their digital entertainment in the future.
Japan July jobless rate 4.9 percent, analysts see no economic stumble (AFP) AFP - Japan's jobless rate rose to a worse-than-expected 4.9 percent in July but the government said the uptick in unemployment was mainly caused by young people leaving positions to search for new jobs.
Kerry Promises Protection for Consumers (AP) AP - With promises to curb credit card fees and protect home buyers and military families from unfair lending practices, Democratic candidate John Kerry is making a pitch aimed squarely at voters' checkbooks.
Expedition Seeks Record of Earth Climate (AP) AP - Scientists believe a 50-million-year record of the Earth's climate lies in an underwater mountain chain in the ice-clogged waters near the North Pole.
O Romeo, art thou a good Republican? Romance follows the party line in US (AFP) AFP - She was pretty and smart; he was educated and charmingly polite. They could have been headed for "happily ever after" if it had not been for ... the faith-based initiative.
Astronauts Practice Survival Skills (AP) AP - Astronauts spend years training before they can lift off into space. They learn to operate shuttles, perform experiments in zero-gravity, and eat bugs if they must.
New autumn Bank Holiday favoured UK workers' top choice for a new Bank Holiday would be a Monday in late October, an online survey finds.
'Brainwave' cap controls computer US researchers show that a computer can be controlled by the brain without the need for implants.
White House Proposes Intelligence Changes WASHINGTON - Amid a heated election-year debate on intelligence reform, the White House is expected to move soon on executive orders aimed at implementing a more powerful intelligence director and a new national counterterrorism center.    Bush administration and congressional officials said Thursday drafts of executive orders are circulating among relevant agencies for approval...
Thousands March to Holy Shrine in Najaf NAJAF, Iraq - Radical Shiite cleric Muqtada al-Sadr ordered his fighters to lay down their arms and leave the area as thousands of Iraqis thronged the revered Imam Ali shrine Friday after he and the Iraqi government agreed to a peace proposal by Iraq's top Shiite cleric to end three weeks of fighting in Najaf.    Al-Sadr issued the order in a statement to his Mahdi Army militia from his office in Najaf that also was broadcast through loudspeakers at the shrine, which militants have used as a stronghold and refuge throughout their standoff with a combined U.S.-Iraqi force...
HP Unveils Cavalcade of Consumer Products First TVs, new printers, long-lasting inks, and projectors are targeted at living room and office.
First Look: HP's Hot New DV1000 Notebook Well-designed notebook lets you play movies and music sans Windows.
Bush shuns Hollywood, opts for "wholesome" country acts at convention (AFP) AFP - US President George W. Bush goes into the Republican convention next week mocking Democrat John Kerry's glamorous Hollywood support base and pitching instead to America's rural heartland.
Free Agent: Where the Geeks Are Taking Us (PC World) PC World - LinuxWorld Expo came to San Francisco, and our columnist managed to ignore most of the show. Read on to see what did catch his eye.
S.Africa Says No Extradition Request for Thatcher  CAPE TOWN (Reuters) - South Africa has not received an  official request from Equatorial Guinea for the extradition of  Mark Thatcher, who is suspected of involvement in a coup bid in  the oil-rich country, officials said on Friday.
Russia finds air crash explosive Russian officials say traces of explosive have been found in the debris of one of two crashed airliners.
Progress of Rule Reviews Difficult to Track Three years ago, the regulatory overseers at the new Bush administration's    Office of Management and Budget  invited suggestions on which federal rules needed some work -- a tuneup, elimination, or maybe a new rule altogether. The effort was directed by Congress, which wanted the OMB to report to it annually on the costs and benefits of regulation and send along an inventory of ineffective or inefficient rules that should be reformed or killed.
Big Four rapped for auditing errors THE Big Four accounting firms - Ernst  amp; Young, PricewaterhouseCoopers, KPMG and Deloitte - made repeated mistakes in their auditing of US companies, a new watchdog has reported.
FTSE extends jump The FTSE 100 share index has pushed to its highest level for eight weeks as its longest winning streak since January is extended by strong major drugs and oils stocks.
Initial jobless claims up 10,000 in a week WASHINGTON - Initial unemployment claims rose last week for the first time in four weeks, boosted by more filings related to Hurricane Charley, a government report showed yesterday.
Business Topics by Industry  gt;Citigroup Inc. was sued by a group of institutional investors who contend the bank defrauded them in selling \$2.4 billion of notes linked to the creditworthiness of Enron Corp.
Teck Cominco asks US court to dismiss lawsuit Canadian mining company Teck Cominco Ltd. asked a US court yesterday to dismiss a lawsuit filed against it by a US native group whose land borders Lake Roosevelt, just over the border in Washington state.
State Street Research acquired A historic name in mutual funds will soon vanish from Boston #39;s investing scene, with BlackRock Inc. #39;s agreement yesterday to acquire State Street Research  amp; Management 
Tweak Windows XP SP2 Security to Your Advantage Windows XP is a safe and secure operating system. Really, it is--as long as you don #39;t connect it to the Internet. To be fair, other operating systems, including Linux and Mac OS X, are vulnerable to online attacks, too.
Nokia, Vodafone tie up for Java apps This step towards easy portability of software from one Java-enabled mobile device to another, which is currently not the case because there is no standard specification, would ultimately provide mobile customers with a wide choice of feature rich Java 
Sport fishing a threat to saltwater species? New research indicates that sport fishermen are taking an unexpectedly big toll on saltwater fish populations, in some cases landing more fish than their commercial counterparts.
NASA says foam peril removed from shuttle NASA #39;s redesigned space-shuttle fuel tanks no longer should shed dangerous pieces of foam when launches resume next spring, officials said yesterday.
Tri-Mode Wi-Fi Module from Intel Its short for wireless fidelity, and it is used to describe products that follow the 802.11 set of standards developed by the Institute of Electrical and Electronic Engineers (IEEE).
UK broadband charges  #39;still too high #39; Broadband access charges are still too high and need to be slashed further to bring them in line with other nations, the UK #39;s media and telecoms regulator says.
Why Are Killer Bees So Slow? The dreaded Africanized honey beebetter known as the  quot;killer bee quot;may be buzzing slightly northward. Entomologists believe that an Africanized swarm was responsible for an attack in Tipton, Okla.
Blogs may be good for business If you #39;re the tech-savvy sort, you may already know about blogs. If not, blog is short for Web log, a sort of online journal. They #39;re the hottest thing to hit the Internet since Anna Kournikova.
Even in victory, US loses face ATHENS - The US might have found its shooting touch in time to retain gold in Olympic basketball, but American attempts at diplomacy continue to miss badly.
Jeers turn to cheers Shrugging off the boos and jeers that delayed the start, Shawn Crawford led an American sweep of the medals in the men #39;s 200-metre race yesterday at the Summer Games.
New Zealand goes 1-2 in triathlon Hamish Carter knew what he was up against when he and Bevan Docherty ran down the stretch together in the Olympic triathlon in Athens.
Felix Sanchez of Dominican Republic wins men #39;s 400m hurdles gold Twice world champion Felix Sanchez of Dominican Republic won the men #39;s 400m hurdles gold medal at the Olympic Games here on Thursday.
It #39;s back to the future for Mourinho and Larsson The Champions League group stages will take two of European football #39;s biggest personalities - Jose Mourinho and Henrik Larsson - back to their old stomping grounds quicker than either might have expected.
Hamm judges self as worthy American gymnast Paul Hamm has a message for all his detractors: Don #39;t disparage his gold. Speaking at Chelsea Piers yesterday, Hamm remained defiant against growing criticism over his controversial gold medal 
NCAA #39;s decision on Southern Cal receiver draws criticism Thursday #39;s decision by the NCAA not to reinstate Southern California star wide receiver Mike Williams drew particularly strident and pointed criticism from a high-ranking school 
Williams contacts Dolphins; no desire to rejoin team Retired running back Ricky Williams says he contacted the Miami Dolphins this week at the request of his agent but has no plans to rejoin the team anytime soon.
Berlusconi condemns reported killing of Italian hostage in Iraq Premier Silvio Berlusconi vowed Italian troops would not leave Iraq even and condemned the reported killing of an Italian hostage as an act 
Sudan criticised over Janjaweed Sudan is allowing armed pro-government groups to operate at least 16 militia camps in the western region of Darfur, a human rights group claims.
Chile: Pinochet stripped of immunity This has revived the hopes of his foes who want him to stand trial on charges of human rights abuses for atrocities under his 1973-1990 regime.
Assam bombings designed to  #39;trigger panic #39; A spate of bombings that has killed six people and injured scores in the past two days is aimed at triggering panic in the revolt-hit Indian state of Assam, an official says.
Typhoon #39;s death toll at 35; nearly 1 million evacuated SHANGHAI, China -- The death toll from Typhoon Aere climbed to 35 on Thursday after a mudslide killed 15 villagers in Taiwan, while nearly a million people were evacuated as the storm thrashed mainland China.
Australia  #39;Lethal #39; Missile Plans Ruffle Feathers Australia is moving toward having the region #39;s most advanced missile strike capability, but the plan has prompted concerns in a region where the country 
Why we enjoy telling people off Telling people off activates a part of the brain linked to enjoyment and satisfaction, say scientists.
Boom times ahead for smartphones The popularity of mobiles packed with features is set to explode as they get better and cheaper, say analysts.
A Gandhi preaches peace in Mideast RAMALLAH, West Bank -- A grandson of Mohandas Gandhi took the Indian leader's doctrine of nonviolent resistance yesterday to Yasser Arafat's bullet-riddled headquarters in the heart of the Israeli-Palestinian conflict.
Explosives Found in Russian Jet Wreckage MOSCOW - Traces of explosives have been found in the wreckage of one of two airliners that crashed nearly simultaneously earlier this week, the Federal Security Service said Friday, a day after a top official acknowledged that terrorism was the most likely cause of the crashes.    A duty officer at the agency, the main successor to the Soviet-era KGB, confirmed reports on Russian news agencies that cited agency spokesman Sergei Ignatchenko as saying that "preliminary analysis indicates it was hexogen."   The announcement came several hours after a Web site known for militant Muslim published a claim of responsibility for the twin crashes, connecting the action to Russia's fight against separatists in Chechnya...
S.Africa Says No Extradition Request for Thatcher (Reuters) Reuters - South Africa has not received an\official request from Equatorial Guinea for the extradition of\Mark Thatcher, who is suspected of involvement in a coup bid in\the oil-rich country, officials said on Friday.
Dollar Eases Before GDP Data, Greenspan  LONDON (Reuters) - The dollar turned tail from recent  three-week highs against the euro and Swiss franc on Friday as  investors grew cautious ahead of U.S. growth data and a speech  by Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan.
Old glory ATHENS -- There was an elegant symmetry to it -- from Athens to Athens, from glory back to glory. The US women's soccer team won its first Olympic gold medal eight years ago in Athens, Ga., beginning its four-year reign on top of the world. Last night, after a mighty struggle, the Americans returned there, holding off relentless Brazil, 2-1, ...
NL notables Chicago's Sammy Sosa was in a 14-for-75 slump when he connected. He needs one homer to reach 30 for a 10th straight season. Houston's Carlos Beltran homered for the fourth straight game, giving him 33, 18 since being acquired from Kansas City June 24. Astro Jeff Bagwell's homer was his first in 12 days. He needs one homer to reach ...
By homing in, Arroyo gets the fans' support Wondering just how much it meant to Bronson Arroyo when a standing ovation from a soldout Fenway Park punctuated his winning effort last night? Perhaps, more than you can imagine.
Yankees top Toronto Alex Rodriguez finally came through in the clutch, hitting a go-ahead single in the ninth inning to help the New York Yankees rally past the Blue Jays, 7-4, last night in Toronto. After the Yankees came back from a 4-0 deficit to tie it, Derek Jeter drew a leadoff walk from Jason Frasor (4-4) in the ninth. Gary Sheffield doubled ...
AL notables Baltimore's Miguel Tejada was hitless in three straight games for the first time all season. He'd gone without a hit in back-to-back games six times. The Yankees' Alex Rodriguez entered his final at-bat hitting just .197 (23 for 117) with runners in scoring position. He grounded into an inning-ending double play with the bases loaded in the fifth, falling to ...
Homestretch for Pena Carlos Pena was all hellos, handshakes, and hugs before facing the Red Sox last night at Fenway Park. Leaning over the waist-high wall by the visitors' dugout, he greeted friends and family members. All the early arrivals seemed to have some connection to the Detroit Tigers' first baseman through either his hometown of Haverhill or his alma mater, Northeastern.
Nixon is back in the swing Forget September call-ups. The Red Sox may tap their minor league system for an extra player or two when the rules allow them to expand their 25-man roster Wednesday, but any help from the farm is likely to pale against the abundance of talent they gain from the return of numerous players, including Trot Nixon , from the disabled list.
California, Mexico advance to next level SOUTH WILLIAMSPORT, Pa. -- Looking ahead to the US championship game almost cost Conejo Valley in the semifinals of the Little League World Series.
Gill breaks foot in US loss Defenseman Hal Gill is the latest veteran to drop off the Bruins roster after breaking his left foot during the US team's 3-1 World Cup of Hockey exhibition loss to Canada in Ottawa Wednesday night.
NU coach's credentials rock-solid The people at Northeastern did their homework when they named Rocky Hager the 10th head coach in school history March 10. He takes over a program that has known both success and frustration -- and both during the last year. Hager was one of the cornerstones of a North Dakota State powerhouse that won four national championships from 1985-90 -- ...
This year, the computers can be outvoted It's over. For now. At least that's the hope of the people who have tried to make the Bowl Championship Series run the right way the past few years. Six BCS title games have been played, and three times they matched up the wrong teams. Last season was the ultimate fiasco when Southern Cal, ranked No. 1 in both the ...
Sky's the limit for Falcons This season will likely be the most successful yet for the Northeast-10 Conference, thanks to a change in the Division 2 playoff format.The NCAA tournament expands from 16 to 24 teams, adding two to each of the four regionals. Even better for the NE-10, the Great Lakes Intercollegiate Conference -- home of last year's Division 2 national champion, Grand Valley ...
Harvard boasts big-time talent Clifton Dawson had been on the Harvard campus exactly one day before preseason practice began for the 2003 season. There was little time to introduce himself to his teammates.  quot;I wondered what was expected of me and I felt I had something to prove, quot; said Dawson, who had withdrawn from Northwestern -- where he was on a football scholarship -- ...
He's in position to help UMass AMHERST -- University of Massachusetts wide receiver Nathanael Hasselbeck did his best to make the high-degree-of-difficulty catch, but the ball slipped from his hands and fell to the grass. For the next few moments of practice, the Boston College transfer gave himself a harsh tongue-lashing that continued even as teammates patted him on the back. You wouldn't think this was ...
Sweeping giants: US dominates 200 ATHENS -- A disruptive Greek chorus of whistles, chanting, and catcalls could not derail a crowd-silencing American sweep in the men's 200-meter dash at the Olympic Games last night.
Champs will take their show on the road ROCHESTER, N.Y. -- The US women's soccer team will begin its 10-game Olympic gold medal celebration tour Sept. 25 at Frontier Field against Ireland.
Semi heat breeze for Jones, US ATHENS -- Marion Jones returned to the Olympic track last night to do what she does best -- sprint.
Cayard's hopes stalled; Tornado duo eyes medal ATHENS -- A disappointed Paul Cayard embraced the Star Class gold medalist, Brazil's Torben Grael, yesterday as they came off the water and assessed his own chances to leave Athens with a medal.
Numbers of poor, uninsured rise The US poverty rate rose, incomes stagnated, and more Americans went without health insurance last year, even though economic growth surged, according to Census Bureau data released yesterday.
Greeks under fire for drug policing ATHENS -- On the day the world track federation (IAAF) opened an investigation into alleged drug violations by two Greek sprinters and their coach, IAAF Doping Commission chairman Arne Ljungqvist said the organization had long been unhappy with Greece's approach to anti-doping rules.
Bank of America details Conn. jobs  Connecticut's attorney general, Richard Blumenthal, said yesterday that Bank of America Corp. told him it would cut 100 jobs in Connecticut but add about the same number, marking the first time the bank has given any state an account of how many employees would be affected by its merger with FleetBoston Financial Corp.
Not enough room  Despite a new study indicating nearly 16,000 dormitory beds have been created over the past 14 years, Boston Mayor Thomas M. Menino said yesterday that colleges and universities will have to consider freezing enrollments to avoid adding to Boston's housing shortage.
N.Y. nervous? Fugedaboutit  NEW YORK -- In a city where terror attacks and a massive blackout have come, gone, and failed to stop business as usual, a few thousand Republicans are unlikely to slow things down.
A far cry from smoke-filled reporters' havens of past Reporters who tire of searching for real news at New York's Republican National Convention next week -- or who just want a safe haven from their editors -- can look forward to some downtime in a private hideaway just for them.
Guo tucks away gold for China China's Guo Jingjing easily won the women's 3-meter springboard last night, and Wu Minxia made it a 1-2 finish for the world's diving superpower, taking the silver.
Fleet's turn Back in the days when Fleet Financial was riding high, rolling up the New England banking industry, Michael Zucchini was the man CEO Terry Murray turned to right after he was done with his latest press conference regarding his latest acquisition.
Cypher market share climbs Guidant Corp. said yesterday that the Cypher cardiac stent regained some market share after rival Boston Scientific Corp. conducted three recalls of its competing device.
Problems found in auditing industry  WASHINGTON -- The first inspections of the Big Four accounting firms by the board overseeing the industry turned up significant problems in their audits of companies' books and quality control, but the findings don't constitute a  quot;broad negative assessment, quot; an official said yesterday. .
State Street Research acquired A historic name in mutual funds will soon vanish from Boston's investing scene, with BlackRock Inc.'s agreement yesterday to acquire State Street Research  amp; Management Co., an 80-year-old money manager with Brahmin roots, for \$375 million.
US success will hinge on philosophy change ATHENS -- Unfortunately for the United States, the Olympic boxing tournament has gone just about as expected.
Club titles on the line in Newton Don't expect to see Lance Armstong or Tyler Hamilton at Wells Avenue in Newton Sunday; just expect to see a lot of cyclists who aspire to be like the Tour de France veterans.
TD acquires Banknorth stake Banknorth branches across New England will become TD Banknorth under an agreement yesterday that gives Canada's TD Bank Financial Group a controlling stake in New England's largest independent bank.
Quite a stable SARATOGA SPRINGS, N.Y. -- Trainer Nick Zito has hit the trifecta before tomorrow's Travers Stakes at Saratoga is even run. The personable conditioner has such a deep team of 3-year-olds that he will send out three of the seven competitors in the \$1 million event, led by Belmont Stakes winner Birdstone.
Kuwait kidnap firm to leave Iraq A Kuwaiti company bows to demands of kidnappers in Iraq holding seven of its employees, saying it will halt operations there.
Torre's filly packs a Punch' in win Sugar Punch, a 3-year-old filly owned in part by New York Yankees manager Joe Torre, held off Beautiful America by a neck yesterday afternoon to win the inaugural running of the \$66,500 Union Avenue for New York-bred fillies and mares at 6 furlongs.
There's no beating three of a kind ATHENS -- Hey, world, BALCO this . There were, shall we say, somewhat lowered expectations for the US in the sprints, were there not? Guess again. Justin Gatlin won the 100-meter dash Sunday, but that was just the appetizer for last night's main course, when America went 1-2-3 in the 200.
Kobe Trial Begins EAGLE, Colo. (CBS) Justice, a woman #39;s honor, and an NBA superstar #39;s career and freedom. There is much at stake as jury selection begins Friday in the rape trial of Kobe Bryant.
Council apology over phone mast Sheffield City Council apologises to residents after giving permission for a mobile phone mast by mistake.
Rebel cleric orders his men to lay down arms Guns were largely silent in Najaf today for the first time in weeks, after Iraq #39;s top Shiite cleric made a dramatic return to the holy city and swiftly won agreement from a rebel cleric and the government to end three weeks of fighting between his militia 
Ghost towns bear witness to Sudanese violence Ahmed Arajah can #39;t help coming down from the hills to his crumbled house to rummage through its charred remains, the cracked plates, the girls #39; shoes and broken oil 
ConAgra Recalls Chicken Breast Strips Across US ConAgra Foods Inc. is recalling voluntarily 85,600 pounds of chicken breast strips that may contain pieces of metal, the US Food Safety and Inspection Service said on Thursday.
Feds snare 103 in Internet crime fight WASHINGTON - A summerlong effort targeting Internet crime has resulted in 103 arrests and 53 convictions on charges including use of  quot;spam quot; e-mail to steal credit card numbers, computer hacking and online fraud, Justice Department officials said Thursday.
Big Blue Absorbs Venetica in Move To Strengthen Information &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; CHARLOTTE - In a move it says will strengthen its bid to dominate information integration markets, IBM announced Thursday that it was acquiring Venetica, a Charlotte-based developer of database integration tools.
Shearer: Toon have to go out and sign Rooney ALAN SHEARER last night stepped into the ward of words between Craig Bellamy and Newcastle over Wayne Rooney by saying,  quot;Let #39;s go out and sign him.
DAVE BARRY: Thanks, Athens, for great Games I #39;m leaving the Olympics and heading home, assuming the plane can lift me. This is a concern because I #39;ve gained many kilometers of mass from eating Greek food, especially  quot;baklava 
Kobe Bryant Jury Selection Begins Today About 500 prospective jurors will be in an Eagle, Colorado, courtroom Friday, answering an 82-item questionnaire in preparation for the Kobe Bryant sexual assault trial.
Car bomb blasts near US convoy in Mosul A car bomb blasted near a US military convoy in the Iraqi city of Mosul on Friday, wounding at least 10 civilians, Qatar-based al-Jazeera television reported.
Why we enjoy telling people off Telling people off activates a part of the brain linked to enjoyment and satisfaction, researchers report in Science magazine.
Free Agent: Where the Geeks Are Taking Us LinuxWorld Expo came to San Francisco, and our columnist managed to ignore most of the show. Read on to see what did catch his eye.
HP moving deeper into consumer electronics arena Personal computer giant Hewlett-Packard is stepping deeper than ever into the consumer electronics arena with its fall product lineup -o don #39;t be surprised if you hear 
Howell maintains Cup bid Ryder Cup hopeful David Howell picked up where he left off when the BMW International Open - the final qualifying event for Europes side -esumed in Munich today.
Everton stand firm over striker bids EVERTON showed they would not be bullied into selling Wayne Rooney last night by rejecting a 23.5million bid from Newcastle - as Manchester United gamble on Goodison #39;s resolve to keep the striker.
ROCHELLE RILEY: Whining is worst call at the Olympics You know the line. If you saw  quot;A League of Their Own, quot; the film about the first women #39;s baseball league, you can still hear Tom Hanks saying it.
Baseball Today * Abraham Nunez, Royals, hit his second grand slam in two weeks to lead Kansas City over Seattle 7-3. * Aaron Harang, Reds, limited St.
A peace deal is reached in Najaf NAJAF, Iraq -- Iraq #39;s top Shi #39;ite cleric, Ayatollah Ali al-Husseini al-Sistani, made a dramatic return to Najaf on Thursday and won agreement from a rebel cleric and the government to end three weeks of fighting between his militia and US-Iraqi forces.
NASA Notes Some Progress in Making Shuttles Safer NASA officials said Thursday that they had made significant progress in making shuttles safer and changing the way they do business.
M.I.T. Makes Yale Provost First Woman to Be Its Chief Susan Hockfield, a 53-year-old neuroscientist, is the first woman and the first person from the life sciences to achieve the presidency.
Sport Anglers Said to Catch More Fish Than Thought Casual fishermen reel in nearly a quarter of the catch of overfished saltwater species, a much higher share than previously thought, researchers report in a new study.
U.S. Report Turns Focus to Greenhouse Gases Previously, the Bush administration stressed uncertainties in understanding the causes and consequences of global warming.
Oil Losses Ease on Iraq Pipeline Attack  LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices rose on Friday, stemming five  days of heavy losses as fresh sabotage attacks on Iraqi oil  infrastructure renewed concern over the country's supplies,  despite a peace deal in Najaf
Russia Prices Its Lukoil Stake; Conoco Is Expected Top Bidder The Russian government set a starting price of \$1.93 billion (1.6 billion euros) for its 7.6 stake in oil giant OAO Lukoil at an auction set for next month at which ConocoPhillips Corp.
Industry report Bridgestone Firestone North American Tire launched a voluntary safety campaign Thursday to replace 27,000 tires, the same model as those involved in accidents that injured more than a dozen people and killed one.
Ofcom publishes proposals for local loop unbundling Converged communications watchdog Ofcom is proposing BT more than halve its prices for making its last-mile copper telephone network available to competing broadband providers.
Spanish coach bitter after team #39;s only loss ATHENS -- Spain did not go quietly in basketball. At least, its basketball coach, Mario Pesquera, did not. Pesquera was upset and outspoken following the 102-94 loss to the Americans that took the previously 
Sports briefs for August 26, 2004 Arsenal beat Blackburn 3-0 for its 43rd consecutive English Premiership match without a loss, breaking a record for England #39;s top soccer league set in 1978 by Nottingham Forest, which went without a loss from November 1977 to December the following year.
Chile court strips Pinochet of immunity The Supreme Court of Chile stripped former dictator Augusto Pinochet of his immunity from prosecution yesterday, a landmark ruling in the decades-long effort by human-rights activists to bring him to justice for the killing of civilians during his rule.
BA boss to work in departures as airline battles staff shortages Rod Eddington, the head of British Airways, and his boardroom colleagues will work alongside terminal employees at Heathrow this weekend as the airline pulls out all the stops to cope with a chronic shortage of ground staff.
Feds launches new offensive against Internet crime More than 100 people have been arrested following the US law enforcement agencies #39; latest offensive against Internet related crime.
American Phillips wins men #39;s long jump gold (with results) Dwight Phillips of the United States proved he is the best long jumper in the world this year, winning the men #39;s final tonight with a massive first leap of 8.59 meters at the Olympic Games here on Thursday.
All That Secrecy Is Expensive Not only is the U.S. government keeping too many secrets, it's spending too much money to do it. That's the conclusion of a government watchdog group, which estimates more than \$6.5 billion was spent last year keeping data under wraps. By Noah Shachtman.
New Nukes at U.S. Border U.S. agents next week will start scanning trucks crossing the Mexico border with a device that shoots neutrons to detect what exactly is hidden in the cargo. By Ryan Singel.
Tech and Art Mix at RNC Protest Artist Natalie Jeremijenko is unleashing a series of unique works at the Republican National Convention that combine art, engineering and old-fashioned protesting. Noah Shachtman reports from New York.
Exhibit Features Viruses as Art Computer viruses aren't just for wreaking havoc on global networks. They're also an art form. That's the take of an upcoming exhibit that focuses on malicious scripts, hacker films and the aesthetic charms of programming code. By Michelle Delio.
Loser Delivers Laughs Don't be fooled by the title. Dear Valued Customer, You Are a Loser is not just hilarious. The book also brings up an interesting question about the relationship between humans and technology. A review by Amit Asaravala.
The Dean Machine Marches On The doctor is out, but his tactics drive campaigns from Florida to Alaska. By Samantha M. Shapiro from Wired magazine.
Feds Wrap Up Online-Crime Dragnet The Department of Justice says dozens of people have been arrested or convicted for online crimes this summer, as part of its effort to show that the internet is not 'off-base for law enforcement,' according to Attorney General John Ashcroft.
'Secure Flight' Replaces CAPPS II The Transportation Security Administration shifts responsibility for screening travelers from the airlines to the government. The new system, dubbed Secure Flight, seeks to target fewer people and to do so more accurately.
Baseball Today (AP) AP - San Francisco at Atlanta (7:35 p.m. EDT). Kirk Rueter faces Jaret Wright and the Braves.
U.S., Militants Battle in Central Baghdad (AP) AP - A gunbattle between U.S. forces and militants erupted in central Baghdad on Friday, witnesses said.
Donkeys and satellite phones pave the way for Afghan elections (AFP) AFP - Organising the first presidential election in Afghanistan, a country largely without power, roads or literacy, has required a leap of imagination that has encompassed everything from donkeys to satellite phones.
Oil Steadies, Investors Wary Ahead of GDP  LONDON (Reuters) - European equities clung to three-week  highs on Friday as oil steadied around the \$43 a barrel mark.
'Distressed' Thatcher flies home Baroness Thatcher returns home as it emerges her son Sir Mark could face extradition proceedings.
Bank Holiday Pledge as BA Cancels More Flights British Airways had to cancel six more flights today but promised to cope with the Bank Holiday rush over the weekend. The airline, which has suffered with plane 
Dairy creams off Tesco milk deal East Kilbride-based dairy group Robert Wiseman is celebrating its second major milk contract after sealing a new deal with supermarket giant Tesco.
GUS seeks partial Lewis IPO Retailer GUS will float part of its South African business, the Lewis Group, it says, against a backdrop of investor pressure to release more cash through demergers.
Sears Canada fires top exec -- parent #39;s CFO takes over as chair Sears Canada fired its top executive Thursday over what it characterized as  #39; #39;strategic differences #39; #39; and enlisted the chief financial officer of parent company Sears, Roebuck Co.
HP iPod launches today The announcement will be made at a news conference led by company CEO Carly Fiorina in Miami. The company will also unveil a range of products aimed at the consumer markets, including a 42-inch 
China #39;s consumer electronic industry to hit \$94 billion HONG KONG - China #39;s consumer electronics industry is projected to reach \$49.6 billion in sales this year, growing by more than 20 percent annually to reach \$94 billion in 2007, according to a report from Global Sources Ltd.
Marbury #39;s groove puts Americans on track ATHENS, Greece -- It took one innocent 30-second comment from Stephon Marbury to sum up the American basketball problem and show how easy it would be to fix it.
Radcliffe confirms bid for 10,000m World marathon record holder Paula Radcliffe will run in Friday evening #39;s women #39;s 10,000 meters final. British athletics team spokeswoman Emily Lewis said Radcliffe had confirmed 
Down To Business For Kobe Case You are going to hear a lot over the next few days from jury consultants who are going to opine about what sort of jurors each side wants to select in the Kobe Bryant rape case.
NHL blasts players #39; union for contract talks stalemate OTTAWAThe NHL turned up the heat in its ongoing stalemate with its players #39; association counterparts here yesterday. And as the two parties - two solitudes, actually -xited the latest round of inertia 
Supreme Court confirms decision to strip Pinochet of immunity The Chilean Supreme Court yesterday confirmed the decision taken last May by the Appeal Court to strip Augusto Pinochet of his immunity from prosecution.
Oil Losses Ease on Iraq Pipeline Attack (Reuters) Reuters - Oil prices rose on Friday, stemming five\days of heavy losses as fresh sabotage attacks on Iraqi oil\infrastructure renewed concern over the country's supplies,\despite a peace deal in Najaf
Mass grave unearthed in DR Congo A grave containing "numerous" bodies is found in north-eastern DR Congo, UN peacekeepers say.
Tarantino to star in Muppets film Kill Bill director Quentin Tarantino is to appear in a Muppets film based on The Wizard of Oz.
Investors in Google search for strategy (USATODAY.com) USATODAY.com - Google's stock has now traded for its first full week, inviting stock jocks to start handicapping whether or not it will hold onto its early gains or get the goo knocked out of it.
TiVo puts a brave face on subscription numbers (USATODAY.com) USATODAY.com - Digital video recorder pioneer TiVo sent mixed signals Thursday about the progress of its ambitious effort to win new subscribers and become profitable.
Does your tech stuff need extra protection? (USATODAY.com) USATODAY.com - Every day, consumers plunk down millions of dollars for cell phones, computers and high-end electronics that are supposed to make their lives better. And every night, they lie awake worrying that their new PCs or plasma TVs will spontaneously combust the day their warranty expires.
Kuwaiti firm bows to kidnappers' demands, stops work in Iraq (AFP) AFP - The Kuwaiti firm which has seven truck drivers held hostage in Iraq has decided to halt operations in the troubled country, bowing to the kidnappers' condition for their release, it said.
Oil Rebounds After Iraq Pipeline Attack  LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices rose on Friday, stemming five  days of heavy losses as fresh sabotage attacks on Iraqi oil  infrastructure despite a peace deal in Najaf renewed concern  over the country's supplies.
Croatia Removes Nazi-Era Leaders' Plaques  ZAGREB (Reuters) - Under heavy police security, Croatia  removed two plaques commemorating Nazi-era officials on Friday  in the first such action since independence in 1991.
Director pay deals 'surge 12.8' UK director pay rose 12.8 to an average of almost 600,000 during 2003 - three times faster than average staff earnings, a survey says.
US Presley festival under threat Poor ticket sales are threatening the future of the annual Elvis Presley Festival in the late star's home town.
Players prepare for Half-Life 2 Gamers are getting their hands on encrypted copies of the eagerly awaited Half-Life 2 game.
Contractors and the Law Details of the role civilian contractors played in the abuses at Abu Ghraib prison in Iraq sparked fresh debate yesterday about the effectiveness of laws and rules meant to govern workers hired to support the military. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
U.S. Technologies Stock Delisted After Fraud U.S. Technologies Inc., a once high-flying Washington firm, ceased to exist as a publicly traded company when its stock was de-registered yesterday, four months after chief executive C. Gregory Earls was convicted of defrauding investors of \$13.8 million. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Glaxo settles fraud suit The pharmaceutical giant GlaxoSmithKline has agreed to settle consumer fraud charges by posting online both negative and positive results from its clinical drug trials, a practice that New York Attorney General Eliot Spitzer said should have been made 
Update 1: Interbrew Shareholders Back Ambev Linkup Shareholders of Belgian brewer Interbrew SA gave unanimous backing Friday to the linkup of their family company with Brazil #39;s Ambev to form the world #39;s largest brewer by volume.
AA passengers can chew on this offer Got the munchies at 30,000 feet but don #39;t care for the typical  quot;complimentary quot; airline food? You don #39;t need to bail out on the eats much longer - more and more airlines are grounding such chow.
Asian Stock Markets Close Mostly Higher Asian stock markets closed mostly higher Friday, with the key indexes edging higher both in Tokyo and Hong Kong. Tokyo #39;s Nikkei Stock Average of 225 issues rose 80.
Agencies crack down on cyberfraud Hoping to clean up the Internet #39;s reputation as a haven for scam artists, federal officials unveiled a series of arrests, indictments and convictions Thursday involving a range of cyberfraud.
Everything You Need to Know About Microsoft #39;s OS Update The service pack is notable mostly for a variety of new security features, including fixes to many known problems, a new version of the Windows Firewall that is turned on by default, and a new security center.
Intel and Linksys deliver  quot;simpler quot; Wi-Fi software Intel Corp. and Linksys, a division of Cisco Systems Inc., yesterday announced the delivery of software that the companies hope will simplify the deployment of Wi-Fi networks for residential and small business users.
Ofcom acts tough on Local Loop Unbundling The communications watchdog is looking to create an independent pricing structure for broadband operators to offer connections directly to customers through Local Loop Unbundling (LLU), instead of renting them from major network owner BT.
IBM buys content integration provider IBM Corp. #39;s software division notched up its 18th acquisition in three years yesterday, announcing the purchase of content integration specialist Venetica Corp.
Aussie PM caught in spam row THE AUSTRALIAM Prime Minister, a man called John Howard, is at the centre of a spam row. When Howards party steered through an anti-spam law late last year it came with a couple of loopholes that were opposed by the opposition.
Government fires workers over Web porn The government has fired 19 civil servants and disciplined more than 200 in an unprecedented crackdown on viewing Internet porn at work, officials say.
VeriSign to fight on after ICANN suit dismissed A US federal judge yesterday tossed a crucial lawsuit between VeriSign Inc. and the Internet Corp. for Assigned Names and Numbers, but VeriSign vowed to continue the legal battle in a different jurisdiction.
Canon CP-330 Compact Photo Printer The combination of the size (2.2 by 6.7 by 4.8 inches, HWD), weight (2.5 pounds with the battery), and battery lets you bring the printer and a PictBridge camera anywhere and print photos on the spot.
Phishing lures first German victims Two clients of Germany #39;s Postbank have fallen for an email fraud that led them to reveal money transfer codes to a bogus Web site -- the first case of this scam in German, prosecutors say.
Virtual Girl For guys who have been striking out in the love department, a Hong Kong company has developed a virtual girlfriend for new cell phones with video screens.
MIKE WENDLAND: Instant-messaging trend spreads among adults Instant messaging has become a key way in which Americans communicate. And Detroit-area residents are right up there with IMers anywhere, with 58 percent of all Internet users in southeastern Michigan using IM regularly.
Olympics: Radcliffe to run 10,000 metres after Olympic marathon &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; ATHENS : British marathon flop Paula Radcliffe will run the Olympic 10,000 metres final, British athletics team officials said.  quot;Paula has decided to run the 10,000 metres, quot; a British athletics team spokeswoman said.
China soars in springboard, takes 3-meter gold for 5th straight &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Athens -- They might as well paint the diving board red. The gold medal for women #39;s 3-meter springboard diving went to the Chinese -- for the fifth Olympics in a row.
Athletics: Aarrett 29th in 50km walk Craig Barrett couldn #39;t improve on his efforts of four years ago as he ended more than four hours of hot toil with a 29th placing in the Olympic Games 50km walk here today.
GILL ON ROONEY  quot;All I can tell you is to reiterate what we put out to the stock exchange this morning. We confirmed, following media speculation, that we had made a bid for Wayne.
Schumacher tipped to win seventh championship SPA-FRANCORCHAMPS - Although Michael Schumacher could still see his Ferrari teammate Rubens Barrichello take the world title from him, few doubt that he will finalise his seventh championship at the Belgian Grand Prix on Sunday.
49er #39;s last race A royal reception awaited the new 49er Olympic Champions as Iker Martinez and Xabier Fernandez stepped ashore after the last race of the regatta yestrday.
Najaf Peace Accord Reported (CBS/AP) Iraq #39;s interim government and rebel cleric Muqtada al-Sadr have both agreed to a peace deal presented by top Shiite cleric Grand Ayatollah Ali Husseini al-Sistani to end three weeks of fighting in the holy city of Najaf.
Mother of Kim Jong-il #39;s Sons Reported Dead South Korean officials say they have been unable to confirm news reports that the wife of North Korean leader Kim Jong-il has died after a long illness.
Thai Prime Minister continues with visit to the South despite bomb &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Thai Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra says that his visit to the South will not be deterred by yesterdays bomb blasts. Mr Thaksin arrived in the Pattani province today, as part of his scheduled trip to Southern Thailand.
Car Bomb Explodes Near US Convoy in Mosul MOSUL, Iraq, Aug 27 - A car bomb exploded near a US military convoy in the Iraqi city of Mosul on Friday, wounding at least 10 civilians, police and hospital officials said.
Boardroom fight snags RedEnvelope (SiliconValley.com) SiliconValley.com - RedEnvelope, a San Francisco online retailer that survived the Internet downturn to become a public company last year, is caught in the middle of a boardroom fight between dissident shareholders and one of Silicon Valley's most successful venture capitalists.
Bangladesh calls in Interpol over bombing of political rally (AFP) AFP - Bangladesh has called in Interpol to assist investigations into the August 21 grenade attack on an opposition rally which killed 20 people, a senior police officer said.
Stocks to Watch Friday  U.S. oil major ConocoPhillips is seeking to buy up to 25  percent in Russian oil giant LUKOIL &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=LKOH.RTS target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;LKOH.RTS&lt;/A&gt;, booking  billions of barrels of new reserves, an industry source  familiar with the matter said on Friday. ConocoPhillips shares  closed at \$72.70 on the New York Stock Exchange.  
Investigators Find Explosives in Russia Plane Wreck  MOSCOW (Reuters) - Explosive of a kind used by Chechen  rebels has been found in one of two airliners that crashed  simultaneously, Russian investigators said, making it look ever  likelier that the disaster was a political attack.
Managers Move Some Funds to Europe, Asia (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. fund managers seem inclined not\to make any big shifts in allocations among the major asset\classes, but a new Reuters poll shows money moving into Europe\outside of the Eurozone and into non-Japan Asia.
Census: Poverty up in 2003 WASHINGTON -- The number of Americans in poverty and those without health insurance each rose by more than 1 million in 2003, the Census Bureau reported Thursday.
Canadian group gets Banknorth foothold Banknorth Group Inc. of Portland and TD Bank Financial Group of Toronto announced a merger Thursday that gives Banknorth money to expand while setting the stage 
Tesco drops Dairy Crest Shares in dairy giant Dairy Crest Group have fallen more than 18 percent after supermarket chain Tesco said it no longer wants its fresh milk.
July profit of \$6 million disappoints, United says United Airlines said in a bankruptcy-court filing yesterday that it eked out a \$6 million net profit last month during the middle of the busy summer travel season.
Operation Web Snare targets online crime The action, dubbed Operation Web Snare, entailed more than 160 investigations over a three month period between June and August. Investigators say they have identified more than 150,000 victims with estimated losses of more than \$215 million.
Science calls for anglers to cut line All those recreational anglers who dangle bait off US coasts are catching a much bigger share of fish -- especially some threatened species -- than commonly thought, researchers report in a new study.
Oracle extends offer for PeopleSoft again Oracle #39;s hostile bid to acquire rival enterprise software maker PeopleSoft for \$7.7bn (4.3bn) is set to continue for a bit longer.
Korzeniowski retains men #39;s 50km walk gold Poland #39;s Robert Korzeniowski retained his 50km walk title at the Olympic Games here on Friday. The 36-year-old, who swept both walk gold medals in the Sydney Olympics four years 
Russian and China Reach Women #39;s Volleyball Final esilient Russia is going to another gold-medal game in women #39;s volleyball, and it will take on China, which ended Cuba #39;s streak of three straight Olympic championships.
Bryant Rape Trial to Begin Today On one point, both sides agree: The sexual encounter in Kobe Bryant #39;s hotel suite was over in a matter of minutes. But that episode on a summer night in the Colorado mountains 
Investigators Find Explosives in Russia Plane Wreck Explosive of a kind used by Chechen rebels has been found in one of two airliners that crashed simultaneously, Russian investigators said, making it look ever likelier that the disaster was a political attack.
Tearing up the road map In 2002, President Bush laid down a  quot;road map for peace quot; between Israel and the Palestinians. That road map, to which Israel agreed, called flatly for Israelis to immediately freeze all settlement activity on the occupied West Bank.
Can Khartoum disarm the janjaweed militia? DARFUR, Sudan: Khadijah Mohammed Ali Ardamatta, a resident of the Ardamatta camp in West Darfur, removed her shawl to show a deep wound in her chest sustained when Arab militias attacked her in February in her village of Noury.
Oil Losses Ease on Iraq Pipeline Attack US crude climbed 40 cents to \$43.50 a barrel, around \$6 below a record peak struck last Friday at \$49.40. London #39;s Brent crude gained 42 cents to \$40.
Mother of North Korean President #39;s Sons Reported Dead South Korean officials are trying to confirm reports that the most influential woman in North Korea has died. Ko Young Hee, is sometimes referred to as the wife of North Korean leader Kim Jong Il.
UN Report: Effect of Sanctions On Terrorist Groups Unclear A United Nations (UN) report states that although the assets of the terrorist organization Al-Qaeda have been frozen, it is hard to tell what this means.
Cypriot govt condemns bomb attack on church The Cypriot government on Friday denounced a bomb attack that rattled the Church of Agios Mamas Friday morning in the town of Morphou in Turkey-controlled northern Cyprus.
Before-the-Bell: Chiron Shares Stumble  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Shares of Chiron Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=CHIR.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;CHIR.O&lt;/A&gt; fell 7  percent before the market open on Friday, a day after the  biopharmaceutical company said it is delaying shipment of its  flu vaccine, Fluvirin, because lots containing 4 million  vaccines do not meet product sterility standards.
Mia Hamm Happy to Be Retiring Unhurt  ATHENS (Reuters) - On the first day of the rest of her  life, American Mia Hamm said she was relieved to be retiring  unhurt after being the dominant women's soccer player of her  generation.
Karzai sworn in before Cheney and Rumsfeld Hamid Karzai warned world leaders of the threat from terrorism and drugs after being sworn as Afghanistans first popularly-elected president today.
Caution: Angry Artists at Work Political fervor stemming from the Republican National Convention is being translated into art in mediums that range from painting and sculpture to Web art to political ephemera.
Jury Selection Begins in Kobe Bryant Case EAGLE, Colo. - After 14 months of sordid headlines and days of hearings that left unanswered questions, Kobe Bryant's sexual assault trial was to begin with hundreds of people scheduled to arrive for the first wave of jury selection...
Explosives Found in Russian Plane Wreckage Russian investigators said Friday that they found traces of explosives in the wreckage of one of the two planes that crashed almost simultaneously earlier this week killing 89 people. It was the strongest indication yet that terrorists were behind the twin tragedies.
Dozens of Internet Crime Suspects Nabbed A summer-long effort targeting Internet crime has resulted in dozens of arrests and convictions on charges including use of "spam" e-mail to steal credit card numbers, computer hacking and online fraud, Justice Department officials said Thursday. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-AP&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Screening System Touted as Improvement For months, homeland security officials have privately debated how to blunt criticism of their planned aviation screening system that passengers and airlines complained was overly intrusive.&lt;br&gt;&lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Apple Jumps Ahead of HP iPod, iMac Launch &lt;p&gt;\&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Shares of Apple Computer Inc.\&lt;AAPL.O&gt; rose to an almost four-year high on Thursday ahead of\the launch of Hewlett-Packard Co.'s &lt;HPQ.N&gt; version of the iPod\digital music player and Apple's revamped iMac computer.&lt;/p&gt;
FUTURES MOVERS Crude-oil futures stabilized Friday, moving narrowly higher as traders digested developments out of Najaf, Iraq, and assessed what the possibility of restoring peace 
No Shortage Of Poverty The increase seems small enough: two-fifths of 1 percent. The percentage of Americans living in poverty rose to 12.5 percent in 2003, up from 12.
Hobbyist anglers take big catch Millions of casual US anglers are having are larger than appreciated impact on sea fish stocks, scientists claim.
Germany expels Jordanian allegedly linked to Zarqawi group (AFP) AFP - Germany has expelled a Jordanian suspected of links to a terrorist group run by Abu Musab al-Zarqawi, who is wanted for launching several attacks in Iraq, the Bavarian state interior ministry said.
Sharp jump in hepatitis E cases in Darfur: WHO (AFP) AFP - A deadly outbreak of hepatitis E in Sudan's Darfur region has spread rapidly, with the number of cases almost tripling in less than a month, the World Health Organization said.
Oracle again extends offer for PeopleSoft Oracle Corp.'s hostile bid to acquire rival enterprise software maker PeopleSoft Inc. for \$7.7 billion is set to continue for a bit longer.
U.N.: N. Korean Environment in Poor Shape (AP) AP - North Korea's forests are depleted, its rivers and streams are filled with runoff from factories and a reliance on coal energy has created severe urban air pollution, the United Nations said Friday in its first report on the communist nation's environment.
Agriculture Dept. Offers Grouse Funding (AP) AP - The Agriculture Department offered  #36;2 million Thursday to help private land owners in four Western states protect the habitat of the sage grouse.
Iraq Rebels Leave Najaf Shrine, Hand in Weapons  NAJAF, Iraq (Reuters) - Shi'ite fighters left the holiest  shrine in the Iraqi city of Najaf Friday and began turning in  their weapons, after tens of thousands of pilgrims celebrated a  peace agreement that ended a bloody rebellion.
Dollar Indecisive Ahead of U.S. Data  LONDON (Reuters) - The dollar erased earlier losses to  stand steady near recent three-week highs against the euro on  Friday as investors became reluctant to take big bets ahead of  U.S. data and a speech by Federal Reserve chief Alan Greenspan.
'Mercenary leader' found guilty Former British SAS officer Simon Mann is convicted of attempting to buy arms for an alleged Equatorial Guinea coup plot.
Tentative Accord Reached in Najaf to Halt Fighting Thousands of Shiites marched in celebration of an accord reached to end fighting between U.S. forces and a rebel cleric's militia.
Banks settle in conflict probe Bee Staff Writer. In the latest crackdown on conflicts of interest on Wall Street, federal and state regulators said Thursday that they #39;ve obtained a \$100 million settlement from two investment 
Vivendi in line for 2.5bn tax savings VIVENDI, whose Universal Music arm is the worlds biggest music group, has been given the go-ahead by the French government to file returns under a new tax regime that will save it roughly 2.
Hobbyist anglers take big catch Amateur anglers have a significant and possibly damaging impact on certain sea-fish populations, scientists claim. The Science magazine study says the US #39;s 10 million saltwater recreational anglers may need better regulation.
Slash UK broadband costs, says watchdog BROADBAND access prices in Britain are still too high and need to be cut further to bring the country into line with other nations, according to Ofcom, Britains media and telecoms regulator.
Crunchtime Arrives for Oracle and PeopleSoft The Wall Street rumor mill is working overtime, spinning off speculation about how soon a decision will be announced in the US government lawsuit aimed at blocking Oracle #39;s (ORCL:Nasdaq - news - research) proposed takeover of PeopleSoft (PSFT:Nasdaq 
Mia Hamm Happy to Be Retiring Unhurt On the first day of the rest of her life, American Mia Hamm said she was relieved to be retiring unhurt after being the dominant women #39;s soccer player of her generation.
UPDATE 1-Everton #39;s Rooney hands in transfer request Everton #39;s teenage England striker Wayne Rooney has handed in a transfer request, the Premier League club announced on Friday. Everton have turned down two bids estimated at 20 million 
Davidson steals limelight Briton Anthony Davidson enhanced his claims for a place in the BAR team next season by going fastest in free practice for Sunday #39;s Belgian GP.
UN: Effort to cripple al-Qaeda not working UN report says threat from Al-Qaeda related terrorism remains as great as ever, UN-led sanctions are not working. By Marc Carnegie - UNITED NATIONS.
Six Injured in Bomb Blasts at Two Indian Mosques Unidentified men threw crude bombs at two mosques as worshippers ended Friday prayers in the western Indian state of Maharashtra, wounding at least six people, police said.
Small Asteroid Gives Earth its Closest Shave Yet PARIS (AFP) -- A rock measuring less than 10 metres (33 feet) across zipped past the Earth at the closest distance ever detected, but it would not have posed any threat if it had struck our planet, astronomers said.      The "very small" asteroid missed the Earth on March 31 by the wafer-thin gap of 6,500 kilometers (4,000 miles), according to an email circulated by the international network NEO News (NEO stands for Near-Earth Object)...
Canada #39;s TD to buy Banknorth for 3.8 billion dollars NEW YORK : Toronto-Dominion Bank said it would pay 3.8 billion dollars for a controlling stake in Maine-based Banknorth Group as the Canadian lender moved to take its first foothold in US branch banking.
Nothing like a perfect finish for Mia ATHENS, Greece -- She had bruises on her legs, scars on her arms and the weary look of a future soccer mom. Mia Hamm ached more Thursday night than even her husband, the shortstop with the perpetual nagging pains.
Andres the giants of US boxing team ATHENS - Calling all Andres. Maybe that #39;s what #39;s wrong with the US boxing team. Not enough Andres. Only two US boxers reached today #39;s medal round, middleweight Andre Dirrell and light heavyweight Andre Ward.
India take seventh place in Olympic hockey (Reuters) Reuters - Former hockey force Pakistan finished the Olympics in fifth place on Friday while Egypt slumped out of the tournament 12th.
Oil Rebounds After Iraq Pipeline Attack  LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices rose on Friday as a sabotage  attack on Iraqi oil infrastructure reignited concern about the  reliability of crude exports from the country despite a peace  deal to end an uprising in Najaf.
Tampa Radar Failed Before Charley Hit (AP) AP - As Hurricane Charley bore down on Florida this month, the principal radar covering the landfall area went down due to mechanical failure  #151; and wasn't restored until 14 hours before the storm smashed into the state, according to documents and officials.
Interbrew Wins Shareholder OK for AmBev  BRUSSELS (Reuters) - Belgium's Interbrew won approval from  shareholders on Friday to buy Brazil's AmBev in a deal valued  at about 8 billion euros (\$9.7 billion), surpassing  Anheuser-Busch as the world's biggest brewer.
Iraq Cleric Urges Fighters to Drop Arms NAJAF, Iraq - Thousands of pilgrims streamed into the Imam Ali Shrine on Friday and filed out mixed with militants who had been holed up inside, leaving the holy site nearly empty after Iraq's top Shiite cleric brokered a peace deal to end three weeks of fighting in this holy city.    Hours earlier, firebrand Shiite cleric Muqtada al-Sadr issued a statement broadcast over the shrine's loudspeakers, ordering his fighters to lay down their arms and leave Najaf and neighboring Kufa...
U.S. Men Play Argentina for Shot at Gold ATHENS, Greece - The United States and Argentina will go after each other again in the Olympic men's basketball semifinals, and if their latest performances carry over, it'll be difficult for the South American rivals to win.    The game is scheduled for a 1 p.m...
Poverty grips more in nation WASHINGTON -- The number of poor Americans grew by 1.3 million last year, according to a sobering and politically sensitive Census Bureau report issued Thursday.
Gus plans float for Lewis Group GREAT Universal Stores, the owner of Argos, revealed today that it was seeking a partial flotation of its South African business the Lewis Group.
Scottish  amp; Southern, Talisman Plan Offshore Wind Farm (Update1) Scottish  amp; Southern Energy Plc, the UK #39;s fourth-largest energy supplier, and Canada #39;s Talisman Energy Inc. plan a wind farm 25 kilometres (16 miles) off the coast of Scotland to test deepwater windmills.
Nokia and Vodafone link on mobile Java standards Nokia and Vodafone have begun a mobile service architecture initiative to help define the next generation of mobile Java standards.
Oracle again extends offer for PeopleSoft Oracle Corp. #39;s hostile bid to acquire rival enterprise software maker PeopleSoft Inc. for \$7.7 billion is set to continue for a bit longer.
Verisign loses legal battle with ICANN, again Verisign has lost the latest round of its legal battle against the Internet #39;s technical regulator ICANN. Judge Howard Matz of the District Court in Central California threw out Verisign #39;s allegations that 
Ooohs follow boos This was supposed to be a night to remember. For Greeks all over, this was going to be the highlight of the Olympics in Athens. Because this would have been the night that belonged to Kostas Kenteris.
Schumacher takes second best in opening session World champion Michael Schumacher had to take second best to Anthony Davidson when Formula One returned to his favourite track on Friday in practice for the Belgian Grand Prix.
HP tips its hand on new iPod Hewlett-Packard reveals the pricing and storage capacity for its clone of Apple's music player.
Crude oil price declines for fifth session Crude oil futures declined for a fifth session Thursday as a cease-fire in Najaf eased concern that shipments from Iraq would be disrupted.
Interbrew Wins Shareholder OK for AmBev Belgium #39;s Interbrew won approval from shareholders on Friday to buy Brazil #39;s AmBev in a deal valued at about 8 billion euros (\$9.
Airbus gets 8 orders PARIS - Thai Airways has ordered six of Airbus #39; new 555-seater A380 jumbo jets and two smaller A340 wide-bodied jets, the European aircraft maker said Friday.
Union ratifies new BF Goodrich contract PITTSBURGH The United Steelworkers of America say about 34-hundred workers at BF Goodrich plants in Indiana and Alabama have approved a new contract.
GSK to go public on trials BRITISH drugs company GlaxoSmithKline has agreed to make public information about its clinical drug trials following accusations it misled doctors about the safety of an anti-depressant for children.
Conoco may seek stake in Lukoil US oil company is looking to buy up to 25 stake in the Russian oil giant, source says. MOSCOW (Reuters) - US oil major ConocoPhillips is seeking to buy up to 25 percent in Russian oil giant Lukoil, booking 
Schrager eyes London hotels sale Ian Schrager, known for his luxury boutique hotels, has hung for sale signs over two of his London hotels, the St Martins Lane and the Sanderson.
N. Korea killing forests, waterways, UN finds SEOUL, South Korea - North Koreas forests are depleted, its rivers and streams are filled with runoff from factories and a reliance on coal energy has created severe urban air pollution, the United Nations said Friday in its first report on the 
Amid hostilities, Americans take over The noise was deafening and potentially unsettling in the minutes before the start of the men #39;s Olympic 200-meter final. The Olympic Stadium crowd chanted  quot;Hellas!
Iraqi Cleric Sadr Renounces Control Of Shrine Stronghold Rebel cleric Moqtada Sadr on Friday renounced control of his shrine stronghold to Iraq #39;s top Shiite cleric following a deal with Grand Ayatollah Ali al-Sistani to end three weeks of fighting in Najaf.
Italy shocked by hostage killing, but won #39;t bow to Iraq  #39; &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; ROME : Italy was in shock at the killing of a kidnapped journalist in Iraq, described by Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi as a return  quot;to the dark times of barbarism, quot; but he pledged Italian troops would stay.
Online Extra: "I Give So They Can Give Back" (BusinessWeek Online) BusinessWeek Online - Chris Aque, a 17-year-old high school senior in Chicago, is big on the new band Tilly and the Wall. Tilly is the first group to be signed by new indie label Team Love, which was co-founded by Conor Oberst of the band Bright Eyes and Nate Krenkel, and offers free downloads as a way to promote its bands. Aque loves music and talking about the bands he likes with other music fans online at sites including the social networking service LiveJournal.
Second-Quarter GDP Is Downgraded  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. economy grew more slowly in  the second quarter than first thought amid shrinking corporate  profits and higher imports, the government said on Friday in a  report that confirmed momentum faltered in the spring.
Economy Grows at 2.8 Rate in the Spring The U.S. economy, struggling under the weight of a bloated trade deficit, grew at a relatively modest 2.8 percent annual rate in the second quarter, a slower pace of expansion than previously thought.
Eritreans in plane hijack drama  \Hijackers force a plane carrying at least 70 Eritreans to land in the Sudanese capital, the UN says.
Oracle Extends Offer for PeopleSoft &lt;p&gt;\&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Business software maker  Oracle\Corp. &lt;ORCL.O&gt; said on Thursday it extended again its \$7.7\billion hostile tender offer for PeopleSoft Inc. &lt;PSFT.O&gt;, to\Sept. 10, as it awaits a U.S. District Court judge's ruling on\whether the takeover attempt can move forward.&lt;/p&gt;
Mission Fantastic to Mars (Part 3) At times during the Mars rover mission, the tension was palpable even as far away as NASA headquarters in Washington, D.C. This was especially true about 18 months before launch, when the airbags and parachutes that cushioned the landers began tearing apart during testing. This is part 3 in our series.
Health Care Costs Continue to Rise By ADAM GELLER    NEW YORK (AP) -- Employers are facing continued double-digit increases in health care costs in 2005 and likely will require their workers to pay an even greater share of the bill, according to a new survey of more than 900 firms.    The survey, released Thursday by Mercer Human Resource Consulting, found that employers expect health care costs to rise 12.9 percent on average next year if they leave benefits unchanged...
California to Vote on \$3 Billion Stem Cell Project By PAUL ELIAS     SAN FRANCISCO (AP) -- Silicon Valley tycoons, Nobel laureates and Hollywood celebrities are backing a measure on California's Nov. 2 ballot to devote \$3 billion to human embryonic stem cell experiments in what would be the biggest-ever state-supported scientific research program in the country...
HP cues up its iPod early Tech giant posts details of its music player to its Web site, upstaging Friday's "big bang" product unveilings.
Treasuries Trim Gains After GDP Data (Reuters) Reuters - Treasury debt prices trimmed early\gains on Friday after U.S. economic data proved to be not quite\as weak as some bulls had been betting.
Treasuries Trim Gains After GDP Data  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Treasury debt prices trimmed early  gains on Friday after U.S. economic data proved to be not quite  as weak as some bulls had been betting.
Stock Futures Near Unchanged After GDP  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Stock futures were little changed on  Friday after the Commerce Department released preliminary  figures showing gross domestic product rose 2.8 percent in the  second quarter, which was in line with Wall Street  expectations.
Before-the-Bell: Decode Genetics Falls  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Shares of Decode Genetics Inc.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=DCGN.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;DCGN.O&lt;/A&gt; fell 19 percent before the market open on Friday, a  day after the company said PriceWaterhouseCoopers resigned as  its accounting firm.
Barr Wins Tentative OK for Generic Zofran  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Barr Pharmaceuticals Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=BRL.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;BRL.N&lt;/A&gt; on  Friday said U.S. regulators had granted tentative approval to  the company's quickly-dissolving generic form of  GlaxoSmithKline Plc's &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=GSK.L target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;GSK.L&lt;/A&gt; Zofran antinausea tablet.
Jaguar to Cut Output Amid Slack Demand  FRANKFURT (Reuters) - British carmaker Jaguar will cut  production by some 15,000 units over the rest of 2004 amid  slack demand, a Jaguar spokesman said on Friday.
U.S. Women Opens Up 51-44 Lead on Russia (AP) AP - Shannon Johnson's mid-range jumper in the closing seconds of the third quarter helped the United States open up a 51-44 lead over Russia in the semifinals of the Olympic women's basketball tournament Friday.
U.S. Second-Quarter GDP Downgraded  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. economy grew more slowly in  the second quarter than first thought amid shrinking corporate  profits and higher imports, the government said on Friday in a  report that confirmed momentum faltered in the spring.
Stocks Set to Open Flat, GDP Data in Line  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks are seen opening flat on  Friday after a government report showed that the U.S. economy  grew more slowly in the second quarter but at a rate that  matched economists' forecasts.
Hewlett-Packard debuts 'Apple iPod from HP' (MacCentral) MacCentral - Hewlett-Packard's online store, HPshopping.com, on Friday introduced "Apple iPod from HP," the company's long-awaited version of the iPod. HP is selling 20GB and 40GB versions of the iPod for US #36;299.99 and  #36;399.99 respectively, the same price as Apple. HP's Web site indicates the device will begin shipping on September 15.
US Economy Grew at a 2.8 Rate in Second Quarter (Update1) The US economy grew at a 2.8 percent annual rate from April through June, slower than the government estimated last month as higher oil prices limited consumer spending and the trade deficit widened to a record.
Interbrew, AmBev Complete Combination to Create InBev (Update2) Interbrew SA, the maker of Beck #39;s and Stella Artois beer, and Brazil #39;s Cia. de Bebidas das Americas completed their combination today after winning joint shareholder approval.
Henry Schein to Ship Flu Vaccine in Oct. Henry Schein Inc. (HSIC.O: Quote, Profile, Research) on Friday said it expects to begin shipping a flu vaccine on time in early October and reaffirmed its forecast for 2004.
ConocoPhillips seeks 25 stake in Russia #39;s Lukoil NEW YORK, August 27 (New Ratings) - ConocoPhillips (COP.NYS) is reportedly seeking to buy up to a 25 stake in the Russian oil company, Lukoil, which contributes 19 each to the country #39;s crude oil output and reserves.
KPMG reveals US critiques of itself One of the biggest US accounting firms has disclosed voluntarily a possible violation of conflict-of-interest rules. KPMG, one of the four largest US accounting firms, said 
Intel improves Centrino wireless security CHIP FIRM Intel said it had released support for 802.11a, b and g in the same Calexico wireless chipset. It said it has also built fresh software for its Pro Wireless 2915 ABG connection, which includes a 
Mesh cage in shoulder blade used to grow new jaw bone A German whose lower jaw was cut out because of cancer has enjoyed his first meal in nine years - bratwurst sandwich  -er surgeons grew a new jaw bone in his back muscle and 
UK regulator pushing for more, cheaper broadband access LONDON - The UK took another step towards greater competition in and cheaper access to broadband technology as telecoms regulator Ofcom published its final proposals for local loop unbundling and ordered BT Group to cut the wholesale prices it charges 
Distrusted systems THE NEWS this week that the European Commission is investigating Microsoft #39;s and Time-Warner #39;s April acquisition of ContentGuard is not trivial, and it #39;s not just another case of  quot;Oh, let #39;s Get Microsoft quot;.
VeriSign dealt another legal blow in ICANN suit VeriSign Inc. lost another round in its battle against the Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers (ICANN) on Thursday when a US federal judge dismissed the 
Siemens warns of ear damage from mobile phone tunes After last year #39;s reports of exploding batteries in Nokia Corp. phones and amid growing concern about electromagnetic radiation from wireless devices in general, Siemens AG warned 
Research Firms Can #39;t Get Enough Of AAPL While shares of Apple have climbed more than 10 percent this week, reaching 52-week highs, two research firms told investors Friday they continue to remain highly bullish about the stock.
Moyes Wants Right Price for Rooney David Moyes insists he will block a transfer for Wayne Rooney before the deadline if he does not get the valuation he wants. The Everton boss was reacting in the wake of Rooneys 
Radcliffe #39;s ultimate test She has the chance to banish the ghosts of last weekend #39;s marathon failure and finally claim the Olympic medal she has sought for so long.
Polish walker earns fourth Olympic gold Robert Korzeniowski of Poland added to his record collection of gold medals in race walking with his unprecedented third consecutive Olympic victory Friday in the 50-kilometer walk.
Alternative Athens All eyes will be on Paula Radcliffe and her possible tilt at the women #39;s 10,000m title. The  #39;will she, won #39;t she #39; saga could be drawn out until the race is due to start.
Dirrell tattoos Cuban for medal Andre Dirrell already honored his grandfather by getting a tattoo of his face on his back. Pretty soon he #39;ll be able to share an Olympic medal with him, too.
Italy reacts with horror at hostage killing in Iraq ROME - Italy reacted with horror Friday at the killing of an Italian hostage in Iraq, while the Italian government insisted it would stay the course in the Middle Eastern country.
Pakistan elects new prime minister Pakistan #39;s National Assembly elected Shaukat Aziz as the nation #39;s new prime minister Friday. Aziz won 191 votes to none for rival candidate Javed Hashmi.
Al-Qaida spending little on terror attacks: Report The Al-Qaida terror network spent less than 44,600 on each of its major attacks except the September 11 suicide hijackings and one of its hallmarks is using readily-available items like mobile phones and knives as weapons, a new United Nations report 
Madrid attack cost only \$14,000 THE al-Qaeda terror network spent less than \$US50,000 (\$71,000) on each of its main attacks except the September 11 suicide hijackings, a UN report says.
Polish walker wins fourth Olympic gold Robert Korzeniowski of Poland added to his record collection of gold medals in race walking with his unprecedented third consecutive Olympic victory Friday in the 50-kilometer walk.
Canoeing champ looking to Beijing German canoeist Birgit Fischer at 42, is on the verge of becoming one of the greatest Olympians of all time - and she has not rule out competing again at Beijing.
Dirrell loses bout, settles for bronze Athens, Greece (Sports Network) - American middleweight Andre Dirrell lost his semifinal bout to Kazakhstan #39;s Gennadiy Golovkin on Friday, missing an opportunity to advance to the gold medal match.
Militants Free Relative of Iraqi Minister-Jazeera  DUBAI (Reuters) - Militants who had kidnapped two relatives  of Iraqi Defense Minister Hazim al-Shalaan have released one of  them, Al Jazeera television reported Friday.
Israelis defend missile failure Israeli military officials defend a new anti-missile system they are developing with the US, despite its failure in tests.
Militants Turn Over Keys to Najaf Shrine NAJAF, Iraq - Thousands of pilgrims streamed into the Imam Ali Shrine on Friday, and militants who had been holed up in the site left it, handing the keys to Shiite religious authorities after Iraq's top Shiite cleric brokered a peace deal to end three weeks of fighting in this holy city.    Dozens of militants piled Kalashnikov rifles in front of the offices of their leader, radical Shiite cleric Muqtada al-Sadr...
U.S. Women Top Russia to Make Hoops Final ATHENS, Greece - Frustrated by fouls, turnovers and a feisty opponent, the United States desperately looked for help.    Then along came Sheryl Swoopes to set things right...
Spike Lee Wins Cybersquatting Case Vs. Porn Site (Reuters) Reuters - Movie director Spike Lee has won his\cybersquatting case against a Philippines-based operator who\misused the domain name, spikelee.com, to redirect surfers to a\pornographic Web site, arbitrators ruled Friday.
Siemens warns fourth-quarter earnings to be hit by mobile phone fault (AFP) AFP - German electronics giant Siemens said that financial burdens connected with a technical fault in its new mobile phone handsets were likely to reduce earnings in the final quarter of its business year ending in September.
2 Area Students Win National Science Competition WASHINGTON -- Two area high school students who have discovered a new way to detect breast cancer have won a national science competition.
Motive Tools Trio Troubleshoots App Performance Problems (Ziff Davis) Ziff Davis - Motive has introduced three application management and configuration products designed to automate and speed up the process of fixing software performance glitches.
Zimbabwe court finds Mann guilty over coup plot arms deal, absolves others (AFP) AFP - A Zimbabwean court found Briton Simon Mann guilty of attempting to illegally buy arms for an alleged coup plot in oil-rich Equatorial Guinea but absolved 66 other suspected mercenaries.
Major Tokyo Quake Expected Within 50 Years (AP) AP - Japan's capital has a 90 percent chance of being devastated by a major earthquake some time in the next 50 years, according to a study by a government panel.
3,000-Year-Old Bodies Studied in Australia (AP) AP - Headless bodies buried 3,000 years ago in the oldest cemetery in the Pacific could reveal much about the earliest settlers of Vanuatu, Fiji and Polynesia, Australian archeologists said on Friday.
Lycos Europe  #39;spam #39; screensaver offline Lycos Europe #39;s Make Love Not Spam screensaver was unavailable Saturday following a string of bad publicity, Cnet News.com reported.
U.S. Women Edge Russia, Advance to Basketball Final  ATHENS (Reuters) - Olympic champions the United States  narrowly edged Russia 66-62 to reach the final of the women's  Olympic basketball Friday.
US Consumer Index Up from Early August  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. consumer sentiment picked up  above expectations in late August after declining earlier in  the month as oil prices eased from record highs and security  fears abated, according to sources who saw a survey on Friday.
Sour Grapes as Another U.S. Boxer Bites the Dust  ATHENS (Reuters) - The U.S. boxing team sucked on sour  grapes after being left with just one gold medal prospect in  the Olympic boxing tournament Friday.
U.S. Stocks Flat After GDP Data in Line  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks opened flat on Friday  after a government report showed that the U.S. economy grew  more slowly in the second quarter but at a rate that matched  economists' forecasts.
Olympic Wrap: Golden Oldies Take Center Stage  ATHENS (Reuters) - Golden oldies struck gold at the  Olympics Friday with German canoeist Birgit Fischer and Polish  walker Robert Korzeniowski showing a clean pair of heels to  younger rivals.
U.S. Sees Possible Attacks in Uzbekistan (Reuters) Reuters - The State Department said on Tuesday\it had information that "terrorists may be planning to launch\new attacks" in Uzbekistan around the time of Uzbek\Independence Day celebrations in early September.
Americans Practice Accidental Tourism at Olympics  ATHENS (Reuters) - They scoff down Big Macs, drink Cokes,  call home on their cell phones and crowd around the open-air  set of American television's biggest morning show being  broadcast live just a stone's throw from the Olympic stadium.
U.S. Economy Grows at Slower Pace Than Expected Struggling under the weight of a bloated trade deficit, the U.S. economy grew at a relatively modest 2.8 percent annual rate in the second quarter.
Put Me in, Coach! Coach joins the S P 500, and others stand to benefit from the leather in the weather.
Bananas could power homes Australian engineers generate electricity from  rotting bananas and now plan a full scale power station.
Big shuttle repairs not possible Space shuttle astronauts will fly next year without the ability to repair in orbit the type of damage that destroyed the Columbia vehicle in 2003. 
Fuel costs may not rise during holiday Falling crude oil prices this week suggest that Americans might dodge the surge in gasoline prices that experts had predicted for the weeks leading up to the Labor Day weekend.
US economy slows US economic growth was slower than first thought in the second quarter, hit by a widening trade deficit. For the quarter, the world #39;s biggest economy grew at an annual rate of 2.8 per cent, down 
Airbus says Thai to buy planes European planemaker Airbus says that Thai Airways International plans to buy six of its double-decker A380 planes as part of a deal worth more than \$2 billion (1 billion pounds) at list prices.
US GDP growth cut NEW YORK (CNN/Money) - The pace of economic growth was slower in the second quarter than originally estimated, the government said Friday, as the latest reading on gross domestic product came roughly in line with economists #39; forecasts.
Drug Company Settles NY Fraud Charge for \$2.5 Million A major pharmaceutical company accused by Attorney General Eliot Spitzer of concealing negative information about an antidepressant agreed yesterday to publicly disclose clinical study data.
Sprint, SBC Set Hot Spot Pact Sprint (FON:NYSE - news - research) and SBC Communications (SBC:NYSE - news - research) set a plan that will give their customers access to both companies #39; Wi-Fi Internet service hot spots.
Krispy Kreme #39;s hot streak cools The niche doughnuts that rose quickly in popularity are feeling the weight of the low-carb craze and mass marketing. By Deb Kollars and Edie Lau -- Bee Staff Writers.
Internet crackdown leads to over 100 arrests In what is being called the largest global crackdown ever conducted, the US Department of Justice #39;s  quot;Operation Web Snare quot; has led to over 100 arrests.
Hackers go Phishing for Online Bankers That email from your bank may be more than a friendly enquiry. It could be the hook of a Phisher, the new breed of Internet fraudster intent on stealing money by tricking customers into divulging online account details.
Athens gay scene out for the Games In the international party atmosphere of the Olympic Games, the Greek gay scene is finally coming out of the closet. After decades in the shadows of a macho society, the 
UN Envoy Begins Final Mission to Darfur, Sudan Before Security &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The senior United Nations envoy to Sudan today began his last mission to the war-torn Darfur region ahead of next week #39;s meeting of the Security Council, which will decide whether the Government is making good on commitments to restore security and disarm 
UN: Most Terror Attacks Cost Under \$50G The al-Qaida (website - news) terror network spent less than \$50,000 on each of its major attacks except the Sept. 11 suicide hijackings and one of its hallmarks is using readily available 
Revenge Is Indeed Sweet Dirty Harry had it right: Brain scans show revenge really might make your day. Planning revenge sparks enough satisfaction to motivate getting even - and the amount of satisfaction actually predicts who will go to greater lengths to do so, report Swiss researchers who monitored people's brain activity during an elaborate game of double-cross.
Sprint and SBC announce Wi-Fi roaming pact Customers of Sprint and SBC Communications will be able to use both companies #39; wireless Internet connections with less hassle under a reciprocal deal announced Friday.
US cracks down on cybercrime WASHINGTON The Justice Department has announced that more than 150 people have been arrested, charged or convicted in the past three months in a crackdown on criminal activity on the Internet.
 #39;A jaw grown in the shoulder #39; A man who lost his jawbone to cancer has enjoyed his first solid meal in nine years after having a new bone grown under his shoulder blade and then transplanted to his face, reports The Times, London.
Friday Olympic Preview: How will Marion do? Daily diversions: Birgit Fischer won her first Olympic gold medal in flat-water kayaking as a teenager in 1980 for East Germany. In Athens, at 42 and the single mother of two teenagers, she goes for her eighth gold medal.
Stunning comeback puts Russians into volleyball final Russia came back from two sets down and saved seven match points against Brazil in the semi-finals of the women #39;s volleyball on Thursday for a spectacular win that put them into their second straight Olympic final.
Focus: Crisis in Darfur The situation continues to deteriorate in western Sudan more than 18-months after a rebel uprising provoked a harsh government response.
Siemens warns of ear damage from mobile phone tunes DSSELDORF, GERMANY - Careful -- some mobile phone tunes could be hazardous to your health.
VeriSign dealt another legal blow in ICANN suit VeriSign Inc. lost another round in its battle against the Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers (ICANN) on Thursday when a U.S. federal judge dismissed the company's antitrust claims, filed in an amended complaint.
Credit Bureaus Shun Popular Identity Theft Weapon Little by little, a weapon against identity theft is gaining currency - but few people in the United States know about it. It's called the security freeze, and it lets individuals block access to their credit reports.
'Virtual Girlfriend' Demands Sweet Talk and Gifts HONG KONG (AP) -- She needs to be coddled with sweet talk and pampered with gifts, but you'll never see her in the flesh. A Hong Kong company has developed a "virtual girlfriend" for new cell phones with video capability...
Record Companies Raided Over Mobile Ringtones TOKYO (AP) -- Japan's anti-monopoly agency raided several top record companies Thursday on suspicion they illegally blocked other firms from offering music ringtone services to mobile phone users.    Fair Trade Commission official Toshihiko Oizumi said investigators suspect more than 10 companies violated Japan's fair trade laws by preventing the Japanese mobile phone operators from offering the service...
University to Hand Out Blackberry Devices COLLEGE PARK, Md. (AP) -- The University of Maryland business school plans to give Blackberry wireless devices to all full-time MBA students this fall, an effort to make students technologically savvy and aware that a key to business is being able to access people and information at all times...
Linux Desktop KDE Plans Google Style Search Linux Desktop KDE Plans Google Style Search\\Open-source Linux desktop environment KDE developers have announced plans to make searching for files on the KDE desktop more simple by adding a Google-style search feature. CNet reports that the next version of KDE, which will either be called 3.4 or 4, and is ...
RocketInfo Partners with Canadian Press, Helps Nascar RocketInfo Partners with Canadian Press, Helps Nascar\\Rocketinfo Inc., news search engine announced yesterday that it has formed a key reseller alliance with the Canadian Press (CP), one of the top-rated multimedia news agencies in the world. CP plans to expand their media monitoring services by offering clients access to the ...
Oil Rebounds After Iraq Pipeline Attack Oil prices rose on Friday as a sabotage attack on Iraqi oil infrastructure reignited concern about the reliability of crude exports from the country despite a peace deal to end an uprising in Najaf.
US Second-Quarter GDP Downgraded The US economy grew more slowly in the second quarter than first thought amid shrinking corporate profits and higher imports, the government said on Friday in a report 
Deutsche Bank Arm in Multi-Million Dollar Payout The brokerage unit of Deutsche Bank has voluntarily agreed to pay almost \$90 million in compensation to settle allegations of misconduct, US regulators announced Friday.
Stocks Open Higher on Economic News Stock prices are slightly higher after the latest reading on economic growth. The Dow Jones Industrial Average is up 1 point in today #39;s early going.
Sprint, SBC join forces on Wi-Fi Sprint said on Friday it has made a deal that will let it nearly double the number of places it offers short-range wireless Internet connections.
ECONOMY WEEKAHEAD-All Eyes on US Jobs Report US jobs data will be the biggest show in town next week as speculation mounts as to whether the Federal Reserve will raise interest rates in September.
UN sees dire pollution in North Korea SEOUL The forests in North Korea are depleted, its rivers and streams are filled with runoff from factories and the country #39;s reliance on coal energy has created severe urban air pollution, the United Nations said on Friday in its first report on the 
Rogge says no to duplicate golds International Olympic Committee president Jacques Rogge said on Friday that the IOC had rejected South Korean requests for the awarding of duplicate gold medal to South Korean Yang Tae-Yong, who lost the men #39;s all-around gymnastics gold to American Paul 
Athletics: Greek celebration is not meant to be ATHENS As the sprinters walked out for the final of the men #39;s 200 meters, the crowd in the packed Olympic Stadium began to boo.
Athletics: Korzeniowski takes final walk into record books ATHENS Robert Korzeniowski #39;s long road came to an end on Friday with an unprecedented third consecutive Olympic 50-kilometer race walk title.
Italy voices outrage at execution of hostage ROME Italy expressed disgust and outrage on Friday after an Italian journalist held hostage by a radical Islamic group in Iraq was executed.
RealNetworks Gets in Content Business RealNetworks survived the dot-com collapse and an assault from Microsoft. Now it's trying to remake itself into a provider of paid Internet content.
US Consumer Index Up from Early August (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. consumer sentiment surpassed\expectations in late August after declining earlier in the\month as oil prices eased from record highs and security fears\abated, according to sources who saw a survey on Friday.
Treasuries Slide as GDP Slows, Not Slumps (Reuters) Reuters - Treasuries prices shed early gains on\Friday after U.S. data confirmed the economy slowed markedly\last quarter, but overall the numbers were not quite as weak as\bulls had been betting on.
Sprint, SBC in Short-Range Wireless Roaming Deal (Reuters) Reuters - Sprint Corp. (FON.N) said on  Friday\it made a deal that will let it nearly double the number of\places it offers short-range wireless Internet connections.
Bush Seeks  #36;2 Billion in Hurricane Aid (AP) AP - President Bush will ask Congress for  #36;2 billion to help victims of Hurricane Charley, the White House said Friday.
Polls show Bush slighly ahead of Kerry (AFP) AFP - Three US opinion surveys show President George W. Bush pulling slightly ahead of John Kerry, his Democratic contender in the November 2 election, but by a small enough margin that both men are still locked in a statistical dead heat.
Track Chiefs Scold Local Fans Over Jeers  ATHENS (Reuters) - The governing body of world athletics  Friday condemned the behavior of local fans who delayed the  start of the men's 200 meters final with deafening boos and  whistles.
Greenspan-Aged Population to Hit Finances  JACKSON HOLE, Wyo (Reuters) - Rising pressure on U.S.  finances from an aging population make it vital quickly fix the  social safety net with such steps as raising the age for full  retirement benefits, Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan  said on Friday.
Interbrew Ambev Buy Wins Shareholder OK  BRUSSELS/SAO PAULO (Reuters) - Shareholders gave their  blessing on Friday for Belgium's Interbrew &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=INTB.BR target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;INTB.BR&lt;/A&gt; to buy  Brazil's AmBev &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=AMBV4.SA target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;AMBV4.SA&lt;/A&gt; &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=ABV.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;ABV.N&lt;/A&gt; in a deal valued at about 8  billion euros (\$9.7 billion) that will create the world's  largest brewer.
Zimbabwe Convicts Alleged 'Mercenary' Leader  HARARE, Zimbabwe (Reuters) - A court in Zimbabwe Friday  convicted the British leader of an alleged coup plot against  the government of oil-rich Equatorial Guinea on weapons  charges, but acquitted most of the 69 other men held with him.
Greenspan Urges Pension Benefit Cuts Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan said Friday that the country will face "abrupt and painful" choices if Congress does not move quickly to trim the Social Security and Medicare benefits that have been promised to the baby boom generation.
Howard in election 'spamming' row Australia's PM John Howard faces criticism over using unsolicited e-mails for his election campaign.
Belgian Grand Prix, Friday With rain forecast for Saturday, Friday needed to be a solid, hard-working opening day at Spa; Fernando finished ninth fastest, with Jarno sixteenth.
Belgian GP: A race with lots at stake For the Renault F1 Team, the objective of the weekend is to strengthen second place in the championship, while Michael Schumacher will be looking to win the title.
Paris Hilton to Publish 198-Page Memoir NEW YORK - Paris Hilton is trying on a new outfit: a hard cover. The model-reality TV star is publishing a 198-page memoir, "Confessions of an Heiress: A Tongue-in-Chic Peek Behind the Pose," (Fireside)...
Russia Blames Terrorism for Downed Jet MOSCOW - One of two Russian airliners that crashed nearly simultaneously was brought down by a terrorist act, officials said Friday, after finding traces of explosives in the plane's wreckage. A Web site connected to Islamic militants claimed the action was connected to Russia's fight against Chechen separatists...
Greenspan Warns on Baby Boomer Benefits JACKSON, Wyo. - Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan said Friday that the country will face "abrupt and painful" choices if Congress does not move quickly to trim the Social Security and Medicare benefits that have been promised to the baby boom generation...
UK's famous immigrants go online The National Archives puts the official records of some of Britain's most famous immigrants on its website.
Ashcroft heralds success in Net crime crackdown In what was billed as the biggest federal crackdown ever on Internet crime, the Justice Department announced Thursday it arrested or convicted more than 150 people across the country.
Intel gives Centrino chip a Wi-Fi boost The upgrade enables the chip to also connect to less common 802.11a and 802.11i versions of Wi-Fi. SAN FRANCISCO: Intel Corp. said it has upgraded the wireless networking capabilities of its Centrino line 
Big shuttle repairs not possible Space shuttle astronauts will fly next year without the ability to repair in orbit the type of damage that destroyed the Columbia vehicle in February 2003.
Fischer paddling for a record ninth gold and 24 years #39; domination Australian kayaker Kate Barclay can #39;t recall the first of eight Olympic gold medals won by German rival Birgit Fischer, whom she raced in the K4 500 final on Friday.
Deakes to assess his technique Nathan Deakes #39;s coach says the Olympian #39;s technique will be reassessed following his disqualification from the 50-kilometre walk in Athens.
Aziz elected Pak PM amid boycott by Oppn President Pervez Musharraf #39;s loyalist Shaukat Aziz was elected as Pakistan #39;s Prime Minister in a National Assembly vote boycotted by the opposition in protest of the speaker #39; decision not to permit their jailed candidate Javed Hashmi to take part in the 
Greenspan Warns on Baby Boomer Benefits Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan said Friday that the country will face  quot;abrupt and painful quot; choices if Congress does not move quickly to trim the Social Security and Medicare benefits that have been promised to the baby boom generation.
Update 1: United Steelworkers OK BF Goodrich Pact About 3,400 union workers at three BF Goodrich Tire Manufacturing plants in Indiana and Alabama have approved a new contract after working about 15 months without one.
Colleges approach Windows service pack warily College students returning to school this fall will find that many of their information systems departments - like business operations - are taking a go-slow approach to Microsoft #39;s big anti-hacker upgrade, Windows Service Pack 2.
Intel unveils tri-mode Wi-Fi for Centrino Intel launched its  #39;Callexico 2 #39; tri-mode Wi-Fi adaptor for notebook PCs yesterday, as anticipated. The part, which will ship as the ProWireless 2915ABG, adds 802.
Oracle extends offer for PeopleSoft again Oracle yesterday extended its controversial bid for enterprise resource software provider PeopleSoft, while both companies await the final judge #39;s ruling in the Department of Justice (DoJ) anti-competition case.
IBM to acquire content mgmt firm Venetica IBM aims to gain more gain insight and information in this arena, as many companies have implemented numerous content management systems.
Bananas could power Aussie homes Australian engineers have created an electricity generator fuelled by decomposing bananas, and hope to build a full size fruit-fired power station.
Will Paula be her own worst enemy? The biggest challenge facing Paula Radcliffe as she prepares for the 10,000m may be dealing with the pressure she puts on herself.
Protest Planned in Athens for Powell #39;s Arrival The Greek government on Friday urged protestors planning demonstrations against the arrival here of United States Secretary of State Colin Powell not to mar the hitherto 
AS Roma coach resigns to be near sick wife As Roma #39;s new coach Cesare Prandelli has resigned, just two weeks before the start of league play, citing the need to be near his sick wife, the team announced Friday.
Terrorism blamed for one Russian plane crash, Islamic group claims &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; MOSCOW : Russia said terrorists were behind a passenger jet crash as an Islamic group proclaiming support for rebels in Chechnya claimed responsibility for the downing of that and another plane.
Greenspan-Aged Population to Hit Finances (Reuters) Reuters - Rising pressure on U.S.\finances from an aging population make it vital quickly fix the\social safety net with such steps as raising the age for full\retirement benefits, Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan\said on Friday.
U.S. Furious as Hamm Asked to Give Back Gold Medal  ATHENS (Reuters) - U.S. Olympic chiefs accused world  gymnastics officials of putting "outrageous and improper  pressure" on gold medallist Paul Hamm to give his medal to a  South Korean rival.
U.S. Stocks Flat After GDP, Consumer Data  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Stocks were flat on Friday after  reports showed U.S. economic growth in the second quarter  matched economists' forecasts and consumer sentiment picked up  above expectations in late August.
Stocks Open Higher After Economic Growth Report Stock prices opened slightly higher today after the latest reading on U.S. gross domestic product.
Crude Oil Rises for First Session in Six on Iraq Supply Concern Crude oil futures rose for the first time in six sessions on concern that a cease-fire in Najaf, Iraq, won #39;t eliminate attacks on oil facilities in the Middle East #39;s fifth-biggest oil producer.
Eyetech Awaits FDA Panel Vote Eyetech (EYET:Nasdaq - news - research) did not open for trading Friday because a Food and Drug Administration advisory committee is meeting to review the small New York-based biotech #39;s experimental eye disease drug.
NatFoods looks at opportunities in new products National Foods is using a strategy of new product releases to reinvigorate a stagnating dairy sector. Picture:Michele Mossop. National Foods, fresh from posting a 14 per cent rise in profit 
The man who grew a new jaw on his back after doctors rebuilt his jaw by growing another one on his back. Four weeks after the pioneering operation, the man was able to tuck in to a sausage sandwich .
IDC: Server Market Continues Overall Growth The worldwide server market continued to expand in the second quarter, analyst firm IDC said in a report Friday that mirrored findings by Gartner Inc.
Rooney requests Everton transfer The striker is currently at the centre of a bidding war between Manchester United and Newcastle, after scoring four goals for England in Euro 2004.
Heartbreak for Deakes Sloping off: Nathan Deakes walks with one foot off the ground after his disqualification from the men #39;s 50km walk. Photo: AP Picture:MARK BAKER.
Phillips leads US winners In winning the Olympic title on his first jump Thursday with the fifth-longest in 108-year Olympic history, Phillips took himself and American long jumping out from the lengthy shadow of four-time long jump gold medalist Carl Lewis and world record holder 
Sour Grapes as Another US Boxer Bites the Dust The US boxing team sucked on sour grapes after being left with just one gold medal prospect in the Olympic boxing tournament Friday.
Group claims responsibility for air crashes A rescuer carries the recorder found in the wreckage of a Russian Tupolev Tu-154, one of two planes to crash after taking off from the same airport 40 minutes apart.
Age to strain US finances-Greenspan Fed chief says quick fix for social safety net programs vital to avoid more painful steps later. JACKSON HOLE, Wyo. (Reuters) - Rising pressure on US finances from an aging population make it vital to quickly 
Canadians bike, row to medals Mountain biker Marie-Helene Premont of Chateau-Richer, Que. captured the silver on a tough and sun-baked course in the suburbs of Athens today, finishing behind winner Gunn-Rita Dahle of Norway.
Jaguar to Cut Output Amid Slack Demand British carmaker Jaguar will cut production by some 15,000 units over the rest of 2004 amid slack demand, a Jaguar spokesman said on Friday.
United Steelworkers OK BF Goodrich pact About 3,400 union workers at three BF Goodrich Tire Manuafacturing plants in Indiana and Alabama have approved a new contract after working nearly 15 months without one.
Thomson Corp. to buy e-learning company KnowledgeNet The Thomson Corp. of Stamford, Conn., will acquire KnowledgeNet Inc., a privately held live e-learning company, and merge it with its enterprise learning business, Thomson NETg.
BlackRock Gets a Piece of Met In the asset management industry, the corporate structures can get confusing -- and the numbers huge. BlackRock (NYSE: BLK), for example, is a large asset management firm with \$314 billion under management.
FDA to Review Eyetech, Pfizer Eye Drug A US advisory panel on Friday will review data on an experimental drug that is injected into the eye to stop vision loss in elderly patients at risk of going blind.
Sportfishing bad for stocks Despite a long-held belief that recreational fishing does not have a serious impact on fish stocks, a paper published this week in Science suggests otherwise.
Windows update harbors AMD conflict A problem in the Service Pack 2 update for Windows XP may keep owners of AMD-based computers from using the long-awaited security package, according to Microsoft.
UN: N. Korean Environment in Poor Shape SEOUL, South Korea - North Korea #39;s forests are depleted, its rivers and streams are filled with runoff from factories and a reliance on coal energy has created severe urban air pollution, the United Nations said Friday in its first report on the communist 
Sun claims Opteron sales outpace Itanium SEQUENTIAL server revenue at Sun Microsystems has grown faster than the overall market, the firm claimed today. Citing a Gartner Dataquest report, Sun claimed that in the second calendar quarter of this year 
Siemens 65 Series Bug could cause Hearing Damage Siemens mobile has warned users about a software-related defect in its 65 product series, the C65, CX65, M65, S65 and SL65 may cause an extremely loud melody when the battery is run down causing your connection to be lost.
Hamm #39;s legacy should be for Olympic ideal Even though he has fled the perceived hostile atmosphere of Athens and the Olympic village for more friendly terrain in the United States, there is still time for Paul Hamm to do what #39;s right.
Rooney demands transfer from Everton Wayne Rooney, the Everton striker, has submitted a transfer request to the club, prompting a fight among major Premiership teams to sign the teenager.
Routine day for Michael Schumacher Ferrari may have ended the opening day of the Belgian Grand Prix with the third and eighth fastest times, but there is no panic at the Italian team as the day was routine setup work ahead of Sunday #39;s 44-lap Grand Prix.
African Taekwondo Athlete Hospitalized ATHENS, Greece - A taekwondo competitor from the Central African Republic was hospitalized for precautionary tests Friday after being knocked out during a preliminary bout.
Court ruling tightens net on Pinochet FORMER Chilean dictator Augusto Pinochet is a step closer to being tried for atrocities committed under his 1973-1990 regime after a court stripped him of immunity from prosecution.
Opposition slams Pakistan PM vote ISLAMABAD, Pakistan -- The appointment of a close ally of Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf as the country #39;s new prime minister has been criticized as showing the  quot;rule of oppression.
TV: Iraq Group to Free 7 Employees of Kuwait Firm Iraqi kidnappers of seven employees of a Kuwaiti company said in a video statement on Thursday they would release the captives once their employer halted operations in Iraq, Al Arabiya television reported.
Art for effluent society? Rubbish LONDON: A bag of rubbish was thrown away at London #39;s Tate gallery after a cleaner assumed it was just that -- a bag of rubbish.
London judge seeks explanation after Indian deported despite court order (AFP) AFP - A High Court judge in London demanded an explanation from the Home Office as to how a failed asylum-seeker was deported from Britain despite a court order preventing the move.
Survey: Consumers Cautious on U.S. Economy (AP) AP - Consumers became a bit more optimistic toward the end of the August but still felt more cautious on the U.S. economy than they did a month ago, according to survey by the University of Michigan.
Hewlett-Packard's new iPod highlights new product offerings (AFP) AFP - Tech giant Hewlett-Packard unveiled its own branded iPod music player as in introduced a revamped lineup of ditigal consumer products.
McCain Joins Bush to Rein In Groups (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - President Bush and Sen. John McCain (R-Ariz.) joined forces yesterday to seek legal action to reduce the influence of "527" political organizations, but the two remained in disagreement over whether Bush should condemn a television ad by the group Swift Boat Veterans for Truth attacking John F. Kerry's Vietnam service.
FBI Helps Probe of Blast at Stem-Cell Lab (Reuters) Reuters - FBI agents are helping investigate an\explosion at a Boston-area laboratory specializing in stem-cell\research, and a newspaper said on Friday the blast was caused\by a pipe bomb.
Treasuries Tick Down on Economic Data  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Treasuries prices ticked lower in thin  trade on Friday as the latest U.S. economic data proved to be  not as poor as bond bulls were betting on.
Jaguar confirms cut in production The Ford-owned carmaker is to cut production at its three UK plants by 11 because of poor sales in the US.
U.S. Women Top Russia to Make Hoops Final ATHENS, Greece - Sheryl Swoopes made three big plays at the end - two baskets and another on defense - to help the United States squeeze out a 66-62 semifinal victory over Russia on Friday. Now, only one game stands between the U.S...
Russia Blames Terrorism for Downed Jet MOSCOW - One of two Russian airliners that crashed nearly simultaneously was brought down by a terrorist act, officials said Friday, after finding traces of explosives in the plane's wreckage. An Islamic militant group claimed responsibility for the attack in a Web statement...
Stocks Climb on Positive GDP Figure News NEW YORK - A sluggish gross domestic product reading was nonetheless better than expected, prompting investors to send stocks slightly higher Friday on hopes that the economic slowdown would not be as bad as first thought.    The 2.8 percent GDP growth in the second quarter, a revision from the 3 percent preliminary figure reported in July, is a far cry from the 4.5 percent growth in the first quarter...
Technology Key to RNC's Protective Net The Republican National Convention kicks off on Monday in the Big Apple and while politics is the main focus, technology will play an important role in securing the event. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-washingtonpost.com&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Microsoft to show off team-development tools Ultimately, the package will compete with collaborative-development tools from IBM's Rational unit.
Windows update harbors AMD conflict Microsoft says SP2 may not work on computers powered by chipmaker's 64-bit processors.
Microsoft wrestles with SP2, looks to the future With Windows XP Service Pack 2 out the door, Microsoft turns its sights to the next operating system.
U.K.'s NHS licenses Sun's Java Desktop System LONDON -- The U.K.'s National Health Service (NHS) said this week that it purchased 5,000 licenses for Sun Microsystems Inc.'s Java Desktop System (JDS) as an alternative to Windows, in a move that could potentially open the door for greater use of the open-source software by the health agency.
Greenspan urges reforms to keep pension system solvent (AFP) AFP - Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan called for prompt action to keep the US retirement system solvent in the face of strains from the aging population.
Stocks Up in Light Volume Ahead of Convention  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks gained on Friday after  reports showed U.S. economic growth in the second quarter  matched economists' forecasts and consumer sentiment picked up  above expectations in late August, but volume was feather light  ahead of the upcoming Republican convention in New York City.
HP unveils cavalcade of consumer products (MacCentral) MacCentral - Hewlett-Packard Co. is unveiling a broad new line of consumer electronics products and peripherals, including its first plasma and LCD TVs, new inks that purportedly print long-lasting photos, new paper, a clutch of printers and multifunction devices, and a home theater projector with an integrated DVD player.
U.S. Furious at Proposal That Hamm Return His Gold  ATHENS (Reuters) - U.S. Olympic chiefs reacted furiously  Friday to a suggestion gold medallist Paul Hamm should give his  medal to a South Korean rival under a plan floated by world  gymnastics officials.
Shaukat Aziz elected as Pakistani prime minister despite boycott (AFP) AFP - Pakistan's parliament rubber-stamped the president's choice of prime minister, Shaukat Aziz, despite an opposition boycott and angry protests.
Survey: Consumers Cautious on US Economy NEW YORK Aug. 27, 2004 - Consumers became a bit more optimistic toward the end of the August but still felt more cautious on the US economy than they did a month ago, according to survey by the University of Michigan.
Conoco Looking at Lukoil ConocoPhillips (COP:NYSE - news - research) will seek to buy up to a quarter of Russian oil giant Lukoil, Reuters reported Friday, citing an industry source familiar with the matter.
Greenspan Floats Higher Retirement Age An aging population will put significant stresses on the budget deficit over the next three decades, a problem that could be solved by raising the retirement age, Federal Reserve Chief Alan Greenspan said in a speech Friday.
HP Debuts Its Own IPod Hewlett-Packard #39;s online store, HPshopping.com, this week introduced the  quot;Apple IPod from HP, quot; the company #39;s long-awaited version of the IPod.
Oracle Extends Offer for PeopleSoft - Again The Department of Justice took Oracle to court in May, claiming that its acquisition of PeopleSoft would create a duopoly between it and market leader SAP in the enterprise applications market.
ICANN STILL CAN, SAYS COURT A US District Court Judge has dismissed the anti-trust and conspiracy claims made by the .com and .net registry, VeriSign, against the Internet Corporation for Assigned Names  amp; Numbers (ICANN).
Novell presses RP to begin shifting to Linux Novell Asia has urged the Philippine government to take a closer look at Linux, citing that adopting the open source operating system would be crucial to safeguarding the security and integrity of its computer networks.
RealNetworks Promotion Sells 1 Million Songs RealNetworks could lose \$2 million from below-cost sales -- but will give its service a huge boost, quot; says Forrester Research analyst Rebecca Jennings.
Microsoft to show off team-development tools Microsoft next month plans to distribute an updated beta version of its Visual Studio 2005 development tool that includes the first fruits of the company #39;s ambitious initiative for team development.
Paul Hamm, In Keeping Medal, Misses Opportunity The moment when Paul Hamm hit his high bar routine was one of the most electrifying sports moments Ive ever seen. I cant recall seeing something that I immediately felt was so outstanding 
NOW SILVER - McFarlane wins third medal for Ja The Dominican Republic #39;s Felix Sanchez hugs Jamaica #39;s Danny McFarlane (right) after the men #39;s 400 metres hurdles final at the Athens 2004 Olympic Games yesterday.
Stealing great art not all it #39;s painted to be The works can be almost impossible to sell, they can end up dumped in the strangest places, you can #39;t trust anyone. It #39;s enough to make a thief scream, writes Sarah Lyall.
Bryant Trial Begins After months of legal wrangling, potential jurors for the Kobe Bryant trial began arriving at the Eagle, Colo. courthouse Friday.
O's Lose 10th Straight The A's use home runs by Erubiel Durazo and Eric Chavez to finish a four-game sweep of the crumbling Orioles, 9-4, on Thursday.
Preston Heads Home Preston, Md. ended its run through the Little League World Series with a 3-1 loss to Thousand Oaks, Calif., in a U.S. semifinal game Thursday.
Harland surges to bronze Georgina Harland comes from 14th place on the final run to win a bronze in the women's modern pentathlon.
Check Fridays and Mondays for weekly team updates and match &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt;  quot; I admit it, most of my notes for this game considered of  quot;IY Shannon quot; and  quot;Mr. and Mrs. Dan Boxx. quot; Oh, and looking up the United States all-time record for Olympic finals played in cities called  quot;Athens... quot;. by Dan Loney. There #39;s only one story this week 
Buzz on USC keeps forgetting football The No. 1 Trojans look to change the subject away from eligibility rulings and rape allegations. The preseason buzz out of USC has had little to do with football.
Greenspan-Aged Population to Hit Finances  JACKSON HOLE, Wyo. (Reuters) - An aging U.S. population  will strain public finances and hurt the economy without swift  fixes to the social safety net, such as raising the age for  full retirement benefits, Federal Reserve Chairman Alan  Greenspan said on Friday.
Olympics Wrap: Another Doping Controversy Surfaces  ATHENS (Reuters) - Olympic chiefs ordered Hungarian hammer  gold medallist Adrian Annus Friday to submit another doping  sample or risk losing his medal, while another of his  compatriots was stripped of a medal for failing a test.
African Union Force Seen as Main Hope for Darfur  UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - Days before a U.N. deadline for  Sudan to disarm and prosecute those responsible for violence in  the country's Darfur region, nations are looking to the African  Union rather than any U.N. sanctions to curb further killing.
U.S. Economy Grew at Slower Pace Than Expected The economy struggled under an increasing trade deficit and a slowdown in consumer spending, the Commerce Department said today.
Spa, Free Practice 1  2: F1 ducks the shower With heavy skies weighing over the Ardennes forest, action was the order of the day on track, with Davidson then Raikkonen going fastest. Renault is also optimistic.
Group protests naming center for Moreno A new Catholic migrant outreach center named for former Diocese of Tucson Bishop Manuel D. Moreno is drawing protests from a support group for victims of clergy abuse.
Traces of Explosives Found in Wreckage of Russian Jet An Islamic extremist group claimed its fighters had hijacked the planes to avenge the deaths of Muslims in Chechnya.
UPDATE 2-Greenspan-Aging US population to strain finances An aging US population will strain public finances and hurt the economy without swift fixes to the social safety net, such as raising the age for 
Ford to Cut Jaguar Car Production by 15,000 Units (Update1) Ford Motor Co., the world #39;s second- biggest carmaker, plans to cut production of Jaguar cars by 15,000 units this year to trim losses at its European luxury-vehicle unit.
Interbrew, Ambev Complete Combination BRUSSELS, Belgium Aug. 27, 2004 - Belgium #39;s Interbrew SA and Brazil #39;s Ambev completed their planned \$11.4 billion combination Friday after shareholders of both companies approved the deal that creates the world #39;s largest brewer by volume.
Microsoft overhauls Longhorn plans just in In order to get the next update of its operating system out on time, Microsoft will delay some planned feature improvements, sources close to the company said Friday.
FBI Helps Probe of Blast at US Stem-Cell Lab FBI agents are helping investigate an explosion at a Boston-area laboratory specializing in stem-cell research, and a newspaper said on Friday the blast was caused by a pipe bomb.
Brief: Siemens warns of ear damage from loud mobile tune AUGUST 27, 2004 (IDG NEWS SERVICE) - DUSSELDORF, Germany -- Siemens AG warned yesterday of a software defect in a range of mobile phones that could cause hearing damage.
Lewis a no-show, but enters not guilty plea Baltimore Ravens running back Jamal Lewis did not appear at his arraignment Friday, but his lawyers entered a not guilty plea on charges in an expanded drug conspiracy indictment.
Explosives find confirms terror link EXPLOSIVES have been found in the wreckage of one of the two Russian airliners that crashed near-simultaneously this week. The confirmation that at least one of the aircraft was brought down by a terrorist 
Art museums balance access against security By Christopher Andreae  Correspondent of The Christian Science Monitor. Since  quot;The Scream quot; by Norwegian angst-artist Edvard Munch was stolen by armed robbers last Sunday, the media have been asking every art expert in sight, Why does this keep happening?
Gun-toting Rwandans invade Whitsundays RWANDAN President Paul Kagame has created a diplomatic storm in north Queensland after bringing his own team of armed guards to an international business conference.
Microsoft overhauls Longhorn plans To get next version of Windows out on time, company to delay some planned features, sources say.
Gateway delivers its first BTX motherboard PC Gateway Inc. released the specifications Friday for a retail desktop PC based on a new motherboard design that should help cool high-end processors and graphics cards.
CAO seeking help from CNPC for oil crisis China Aviation Oil or CAO has appealed to China National Petroleum Corporation or CNPC to prevent the aviation oil supply shortage in the 100 airports it serves.
Industry groups propose alternative to copyright bill WASHINGTON -- A group of 17 companies and organizations this week offered an alternative to a U.S. Senate bill that would allow artists and entertainment companies to sue firms that market products that "induce" copyright violations.
Aziz elected Pakistani premier Former finance minister Shaukat Aziz has been elected as Pakistan #39;s prime minister in a rubber-stamp parliamentary vote boycotted by the entire opposition.
French anti-Jewish violence jumps, reasons unclear The number of anti-Semitic attacks in France has more than doubled over the past year, with most of them committed for vague reasons rather than ideology, France #39;s interior minister said in an interview published on Friday.
News: Japanese banks deploy biometric palm scanners Japanese banks are turning to a new biometric identification system, based on the unique nature of the patterns of veins in our palms.\
News: Filipino mobe users scammed over virus scare Unscrupulous Filipino phone shops are cashing on recent stories about mobile phone viruses to flog worried punters services they don't need.
Mercedes A-Class Hits European Target (AP) AP - DaimlerChrysler AG Friday said it has orders for more than 50,000 of its new Mercedes A-Class models in western Europe, meaning it has already reached the sales target for 2004.
Jackson Visits Darfur to Resolve Crisis (AP) AP - American civil rights activist the Rev. Jesse Jackson visited the conflict-torn region of Darfur on Friday, urging the Sudanese government and African rebels to end the crisis that has killed thousands of villagers and driven more than a million from their homes.
Hewlett-Packard Unveils iPod Clone (AP) AP - Hewlett-Packard Co. unveiled its own version of the iPod portable music player Friday, showing the fruits of a groundbreaking partnership it had previously announced with Apple Computer Inc.
Siemens Cites Problem With New Phones (AP) AP - Siemens AG said Friday it anticipates unspecified additional costs from a software problem with new mobile phones that has led retailers to suspend sales.
Pakistan Parliament Elects New PM (AP) AP - Pakistan's parliament elected Shaukat Aziz, the former finance minister and a close ally of President Gen. Pervez Musharraf, as prime minister on Friday. The opposition boycotted the vote.
Stolen Egyptian Artifact Returned Home (AP) AP - An artifact stolen from an Egyptian temple in 1990 and held by Christie's auction house in New York for the last two years arrived in Egypt on Friday, an airport official said.
Procter   Gamble CEO Gets \$3.5 Mln Bonus  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Procter   Gamble Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=PG.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;PG.N&lt;/A&gt;, the maker  of Tide laundry detergent and Pampers diapers, on Friday said  its top executive earned a base salary of \$1.7 million this  year and received other compensation including a \$3.5 million  bonus based on the company's strong performance.
Dollar Extends Gains After Economic Data  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The dollar strengthened against major  European currencies in largely technical trading on Friday  after two U.S. economic reports matched or beat market  expectations.
Greenspan warns on ageing threat Federal Reserve chairman Alan Greenspan warns that prompt action is needed to fund pensions for the ageing US population.
Paul Hamm Asked to Give Up Gold Medal ATHENS, Greece - World gymnastics officials asked Paul Hamm to give up his gold medal as the ultimate show of sportsmanship, but the U.S. Olympic Committee told them to take responsibility for their own mistakes and refused even to deliver the request...
Greenspan Cautions on Baby Boomer Benefits JACKSON, Wyo. - Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan said Friday that the country will face "abrupt and painful" choices if Congress does not move quickly to trim the Social Security and Medicare benefits that have been promised to the baby boom generation...
Wambach has Midas touch in final PIRAEUS, Greece -- It was a good two hours after FIFA president Sepp Blatter put an Olympic gold medal around the neck of US forward Abby Wambach and the significance of winning the final hadn #39;t truly sunk in yet.
African Union Force Seen as Main Hope for Darfur Days before a UN deadline for Sudan to disarm and prosecute those responsible for violence in the country #39;s Darfur region, nations are looking to the African Union 
Pak. parliament elects Aziz as new PM : Opposition lawmakers boycotted a parliamentary vote on Friday that unanimously elected Shaukat Aziz as Pakistan #39;s new prime minister after their candidate, a jailed opposition leader, was barred from attending the proceedings.
Moro rebels welcome dropping of charges vs Murad et al. The Moro Islamic Liberation Front (MILF) commended the government Friday for dropping the charges against its accused members in connection with the twin deadly bombings in Davao City airport and wharf last year.
OSI shares tumble after disappointing forecast Shares of OSI Systems Inc. (OSIS.O: Quote, Profile, Research) tumbled more than 18 percent on Friday, the day after the security screening company reported higher fourth-quarter 
US Govt investigating cyber crimes worth \$215 mn The US Justice Department #39;s crackdown on cyber crime has brought to light illegal activities, including credit-card fraud, to the tune of over \$215 million and resulted in dozens of arrests, a senior official said.
Nokia, Vodafone push for mobile Java standards The world #39;s largest mobile phone manufacturer and Europe #39;s largest wireless operator have launched an initiative to simplify Java standards for mobile devices in a move aimed 
UN: N. Korean Environment in Poor Shape North Korea (news - web sites) #39;s forests are depleted, its rivers and streams are filled with runoff from factories and a reliance on coal energy 
Police Say Pipe Bomb Damaged Building WATERTOWN, Mass. -- Watertown police say it was a pipe bomb that broke windows at the offices of a biological research company in Watertown early Thursday morning.
Rebel leader claims responsibility for attacks in India #39;s restive &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; A rebel leader claimed responsibility for two bombings in India #39;s restive northeastern state of Assam, as authorities tightened security Friday -a day after a string of attacks killed four people and left scores wounded.
Timeline of Case Against Kobe Bryant (AP) AP - Timeline of the sexual assault case against Los Angeles Lakers star Kobe Bryant:
U.S. Warplane Drops Bombs on Fallujah (AP) AP - A U.S. warplane bombed the restive city of Fallujah on Friday, witnesses said.
Stocks Up in Light Trade  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks rose on Friday after  reports showed U.S. economic growth in the second quarter  matched economists' forecasts and consumer sentiment picked up  above expectations in late August, but volume was feather light  ahead of the upcoming Republican convention in New York City.
VW Management's Pay Freeze Offer Spurned  FRANKFURT (Reuters) - Volkswagen management has offered to  freeze its own pay for two years in a bid to gain workers'  support for an austerity drive, but union mediators dismissed  the move as a "distraction tactic."
Modern Pentathlon: Voros Wins Women's Gold  ATHENS (Reuters) - Hungary's Zsuzsanna Voros won the gold  medal in the women's modern pentathlon in Athens Friday to add  the Olympic title to her three world championships.
N Korean leader's lover 'dead' The favourite consort of North Korean leader Kim Jong-il is rumoured to have died, according to media reports.
Another iPod, This One From HP The company rolls out many new products, including its version of the iPod. Also: Sprint and SBC let customers use both companies' wi-fi connections   hellip;. Regulators approve a generic form of an antinausea drug   hellip;. and more.
Microsoft to show off Team tools Ultimately, a Visual Studio package will compete with products from IBM's Rational unit. Coders will get a peek next month.
Sun, Dell Lead Server Sales Low-cost Linux and Windows servers are outselling Unix models, Gartner analysts say.
Update 2: United Steelworkers OK BF Goodrich Pact More than 3,000 union workers at three BF Goodrich Tire Manufacturing plants in Indiana and Alabama have approved a new contract after working about 15 months without one.
Westmoreland to buy rest of Roanoake Valley project Westmoreland Coal Co. (WLB.A: Quote, Profile, Research) said on Friday it will buy the 50 percent stake it does not already own of the Roanoke Valley Power Project, or ROVA, in 
Bush Administration Cracks Down on Internet-Related Crimes The government calls it  quot;Operation Web Snare quot;, catching criminals who do business online. They #39;ve been working since June and today announced dozens of arrests for crimes that cost victims millions of dollars.
ISPs slam Ofcom broadband ruling UK internet service providers (ISPs) have reacted with dismay to the publication of a direction statement from telecoms regulator Ofcom, which they say leaves BT free to levy high charges on the wholesale digital subscriber line services it leases to them 
Oracle Extends Bid for PeopleSoft Oracle has extended its \$21-per-share tender offer to PeopleSoft #39;s shareholders, which was due to expire this week. The new deadline is September 10th.
Online Travel #39;s Narrowing Horizons After some four months of waiting for both the Google (GOOG ; ranked hold; recent price: \$108) IPO and our subsequent initiation of coverage on the shares to be completed, I, like many Americans this time of year, am thinking about one thing -- travel.
Rooney signing could influence title race - Wenger Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger believes Manchester United #39;s title challenge would be strengthened by the signing of England striker Wayne Rooney.
Modern Pentathlon: Voros Wins Women #39;s Gold Hungary #39;s Zsuzsanna Voros won the gold medal in the women #39;s modern pentathlon in Athens Friday to add the Olympic title to her three world championships.
Islamic group claims Russian plane crashes An Islamic group has claimed that it hijacked two Russian planes that crashed earlier this week, killing at least 89 people. The statement was posted on a website which usually carries Islamic militant statements.
Palestinians swear by Mahatma ABU DIS, West Bank: Palestinians and Israelis rallied under the shadows of the West Bank barrier on Friday, vowing to follow in the footsteps of Mahatma Gandhi by pursuing a peaceful resolution to the Middle East conflict.
Regulating hate speech on the internet remains difficult, experts say (AFP) AFP - As the court case between US Internet giant Yahoo and a French group trying to halt the online sales of Nazi memorabilia entered a new phase this week, experts gathered here stressed how difficult it was to regulate hate speech on the Internet.
Sun, Dell Lead Server Sales (PC World) PC World - Low-cost Linux and Windows servers are outselling Unix models, Gartner analysts say.
Powell Praises Najaf Peace Agreement (AP) AP - Secretary of State Colin Powell on Friday praised the peace deal that ended fighting in Iraq's holy city of Najaf and said the presence of U.S. forces in the area helped make it possible.
Jacobson Lifts Ryder Cup Hopes with Sparkling 65  MUNICH (Reuters) - Sweden's Fredrik Jacobson made his bid  for a last-gasp Ryder Cup debut with a spectacular  seven-under-par 65 in the BMW International Open second round  on Friday.
Guantanamo hearing postponed A hearing at Guantanamo Bay for a man accused of being an al-Qaeda paymaster is postponed.
Presidential Campaign to Nov. 2, 2004 (Reuters) Reuters - The following diary of events\leading up to the presidential election on Nov. 2.
Update 2: Interbrew Shareholders Back Ambev Move Shareholders of Belgian brewer Interbrew SA on Friday backed the planned \$11.4 billion combination of their family company with Brazil #39;s Ambev in a deal that would form the world #39;s largest brewer by volume.
HP Strikes Up its iPod Hewlett-Packard (HPQ:NYSE - news - research) unveiled a new line-up of consumer products Friday aimed at the back-to-school and holiday shopping season, including its own branded version of Apple #39;s (AAPL:Nasdaq - news - research) iPod digital music player 
Drug Giant to Release Trial Results on Web GlaxoSmithKline agreed on Thursday to post the results of all clinical trials of its drugs, both positive and negative, on the Internet.
Ashcroft Heralds Success in Net Crime Crackdown  quot;America #39;s justice community is dedicated to stopping economic crimes before they spread through the online community, quot; Attorney General John Ashcroft said as he announced the results of  quot;Operation Web Snare quot; at a Washington news conference.
Oracle Re-extends PeopleSoft Bid. Oracle again extended its tender offer for PeopleSoft to Friday, Sept. 10 at midnight, Eastern Standard Time. Oracle is offering \$21 per share or about \$7.
SBC, Sprint deal doubles Wi-Fi customers #39; hot spot access Through a deal with rival SBC Communications Inc., Sprint Corp. will almost double the number of places subscribers can wirelessly log on to the Internet at high speeds, according to a report from the Kansas City Business Journal.
Gateway PC keeps it cool Gateway on Friday unveiled a PC designed to stay cool even when handling applications that use a lot of power. The 700GR computer features Intel #39;s balanced technology extended, or BTX, architecture, in which 
HP Enters Consumer-Electronics Market Hewlett-Packard blasted into the consumer-electronic market on Friday with its most significant product launch of the year, unveiling new televisions, digital cameras, photo printers, notebooks and desktop PCs.
USOC upset over FIG #39;s attempt to pressure Hamm The United States Olympic Committee (USOC) has rejected a request by FIG, the international gymnastics federation, to deliver a letter to all-around champion Paul 
Raikkonen Posts Fastest Time at Belgian Grand Prix Practice Finnish Formula One driver Kimi Raikkonen has posted the fastest time on the first day of practice for this week #39;s Belgian Grand Prix, where Michael Schumacher can capture the drivers #39; title for the year.
Iraq refuse to wear black armbands in bronze medal match Iraq #39;s footballers have refused to join their Olympic bronze medal opponents Italy in donning black armbands as a mark of respect for murdered Italian journalist Enzo Baldoni.
Price hike for business broadband Small net firms warn they could be hit hard by BT's decision to raise prices for business broadband.
Bush Acknowledges Iraq 'Miscalculation' WASHINGTON - President Bush, undertaking a heavy campaign schedule in key states in the run-up to the Republican National Convention, acknowledges a "miscalculation" about what the United States would encounter in post-war Iraq after the fall of Saddam Hussein's regime.    In an interview with The New York Times, Bush said for the first time that he made a "miscalculation of what the conditions would be" after U.S...
Stocks Up Despite Sluggish GDP Reading NEW YORK - A sluggish gross domestic product reading was nonetheless better than expected, prompting investors to send stocks slightly higher Friday on hopes that the economic slowdown would not be as bad as first thought.    The 2.8 percent GDP growth in the second quarter, a revision from the 3 percent preliminary figure reported in July, is a far cry from the 4.5 percent growth in the first quarter...
Construction accident in Detroit kills one, critically injures &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; One worker was killed and three critically injured on Friday when a platform fell as they attempted to repair a highway overpass, police said.
Americans Block Hamm Letter The United States Olympic Committee have refused to pass on an official letter to all-round gymnastic champion Paul Hamm requesting him to return his gold medal.
Rough patches for XP update Microsoft's security-minded SP2 update to Windows XP finally makes it out the door, but not without stumbling.
Ravens' Running Back Lewis Pleads Not Guilty (Reuters) Reuters - Baltimore Ravens star running\back Jamal Lewis was not in the court room for his arraignment\on Friday, but pleaded not guilty through his lawyers on drug\charges.
Free Online Legal Service Launched (AP) AP - A nonprofit that helps the poor with legal services launched a free Web site Friday to help people navigate the state and federal courts in California.
Chirac hits out at international community's inaction in Middle East (AFP) AFP - French President Jacques Chirac sharply criticized the international community's failure to help put an end to the Israeli-Palestinian conflict, saying the world should "impose" peace talks.
Peru Photo Exhibit a Powerful Reminder (AP) AP - The walk through the decaying seaside mansion is a grim reminder of the political carnage that wracked Peru over two decades and killed nearly 70,000 people. The photos stare from peeling walls in a stark chronicle of the bloodbath.
HP to tempt holiday shoppers with sights and sounds PC giant unveils consumer electronics strategy, including iPod music player, high-definition TVs and PCs that record TV shows. \
Ravens' Running Back Lewis Pleads Not Guilty  ATLANTA (Sports Network) - Baltimore Ravens star running  back Jamal Lewis was not in the court room for his arraignment  on Friday, but pleaded not guilty through his lawyers on drug  charges.
Novelty mice chase after kids Logitech releases computer mice in ladybug and football models that are sized for smaller hands.
Gateway PC keeps it cool Game-friendly desktop PC uses fans and a wind tunnel to bring down the temperature and the noise.
S.Africa Says Eq. Guinea Wants to Quiz Thatcher  CAPE TOWN, South Africa (Reuters) - Equatorial Guinea has  asked South Africa for permission to interview Mark Thatcher,  arrested this week on suspicion of involvement in a coup plot  against the leader of the oil-rich country, officials said  Friday.
Former financier Armstrong pleads innocent to fraud Former investment adviser Martin Armstrong pleaded innocent Friday to new charges that he bilked investors out of nearly \$3 billion.
PM Pledges Russia Will Meet Oil Goals Russian Prime Minister Mikhail Fradkov pledged Friday that Russia would keep meeting its oil export commitments to China, an apparent reference to fears that a cut in production at the beleaguered Yukos oil company could harm Beijing.
Jaguar puts brake on production LUXURY carmaker Jaguar is slashing production levels for the rest of this year by 11 to make up for a shortfall in sales. The Ford-owned car marque is bringing in the cuts - a reduction of 15,000 cars - as 
Fannie Mae to expand securities disclosures US mortgage finance company Fannie Mae on Friday said it would make public information about some securities it issues to comply with new Securities and Exchange Information rules.
Westmoreland agrees to NC deal Colorado Springs-based Westmoreland Coal Co. (AMEX: WLB) will buy LG amp;E Energy #39;s 50 percent stake in a North Carolina power project for \$125 million.
Chico #39;s: A Retailing Steamroller Shopping at women #39;s clothing stores is an acquired taste. The way I see it, you either embrace the experience and help your significant other shop till she drops or you mope around 
Supermarket workers in Pierce County approve pact SEATTLE - Members of the United Food and Commercial Workers Local 376 in Pierce County approved a three-year contract Wednesday night that will affect 4,500 people who work for Albertsons, Safeway and Kroger-owned QFC and Fred Meyer.
Sprint, SBC In Hotspot Roaming Deal Sprint and SBC Communications Friday announced a two-way roaming deal that will enable the customers of each vendor to access the hotspots run by the other.
UK Broadband Pricing Adjustment: Competition or Crisis? With reports of more than a quarter increase in the price to provide broadband services, the smaller ISPs reportedly claim that the Ofcom moves will create a noncompetitive market, benefiting 
Gateway Rolls Out Cool but Quiet Desktop Gateway Inc. is rolling out a new desktop computer aimed specifically at the retail market featuring the new BTX design that improves cooling and noise reduction capabilities.
 #39;iPods r us #39; claims HP Hoping to make a big bang in consumer electronics, Hewlett-Packard is to unveil its long-awaited HP-branded iPod, along with its first televisions, an entertainment hub and the usual array of new printers and cameras, sources said.
Dahle takes Olympic gold in mountain bike Athens, Greece (Sports Network) - Gunn-Rita Dahle of Norway captured the gold medal on Friday in the women #39;s mountain bike competition at the Summer Olympics in Athens.
Abramovich faces UEFA inquiry over CSKA links UEFA is to investigate the links Roman Abramovich has to CSKA Moscow after the Russian club was drawn in the same Champions League group as Chelsea.
Jury Selection in Kobe Bryant Trial DENVER - Potential jurors in the rape trial of NBA star Kobe Bryant are filing into the Eagle County Courthouse in Colorado today, ready to fill out questionnaires that could determine if they become a part of this high profile trial.
NYC Mayor Says Hotels Full During Convention Time (Reuters) Reuters - New York City's hotels are full for\the last week of August, Mayor Michael Bloomberg said on\Friday, boosting his claim that next week's Republican National\Convention will provide an economic boom to the city.
Fire Retardant Found in Puget Sound Orcas (AP) AP - Fire retardants used worldwide in manufacturing vehicle parts and computers have been found in Puget Sound orcas, raising new concerns about the long-term health of the region's killer whales, a new Canadian study shows.
GOP Delegates to See One Version of NYC (AP) AP - Among the cultural attractions recommended by city tourism officials for Republican National Convention delegates are the popular Museum of Modern Art, the iconic Guggenheim museum and the stately Whitney.
NYC Mayor Says Hotels Full During Convention Time  NEW YORK (Reuters) - New York City's hotels are full for  the last week of August, Mayor Michael Bloomberg said on  Friday, boosting his claim that next week's Republican National  Convention will provide an economic boom to the city.
Treasuries Inch Up on Slower Growth  CHICAGO (Reuters) - U.S. Treasury prices inched up on  Friday as improved consumer sentiment failed to overshadow  slower second-quarter growth, while flight-to-safety buying  emerged before next week's Republican convention in New York.
Chico's: A Retailing Steamroller The women's clothing and accessories retailer continues to produce impressive results.
Only names have changed in BCS scam of a system a monopoly turning a tidy profit by cleaning up messes without dithering over who gets hurt along the way. This season #39;s victims were Auburn and California.
Kroger Workers OK New 3-Year Contract Grocery store chain Kroger Co. said Friday that its grocery and meat employees in the Seattle area approved a new three-year labor contract.
Harland sprints in for bronze Trailing in 14th position before the final discipline - a three kilometre run - Harland, world No.1, made up 49 seconds on her nearest rival to snatch the bronze medal in dramatic circumstances.
Huggins back at Cincinnati Bob Huggins was reinstated as men #39;s basketball coach at the University of Cincinnati. Huggins, 50, was suspended with pay in June after he was arrested for driving under the influence.
Teacher sentenced for slapping Schroeder An unemployed teacher has been given a four-month suspended sentence and ordered to perform community service for slapping German Chancellor Gerhard Schroeder in the face at a Social Democrat party event in May.
HP cues iPod Hewlett-Packard brands its own version of Apple's music player and introduces a line of consumer products.
Credit Issuers Shares Dented by Kerry Plan Financial companies were under scrutiny Friday after Sen. John Kerry vowed to push for legislation that would curb credit card fees and protect homebuyers from unfair lending practices.
Oracle extends PeopleSoft takeover bid Oracle Corp. has extended its \$7.7 billion hostile takeover bid for Pleasanton #39;s PeopleSoft Inc. until Sept. 10. Redwood City-based Oracle #39;s previous offer would have expired at 9 pm Friday.
Nokia, Vodafone Join Forces To Simplify Mobile Phone Software Finnish mobile phone giant Nokia Corp and British mobile operator Vodafone Group PLC said they would collaborate to simplify mobile phone software using the Java computer language, paving 
Scott Knaster Releases New Book,  quot;Hacking iPod  iTunes quot; Scott Knaster, author of 11 books about computers and technology, has released his newest book, Hacking iPod  iTunes. The book explores tips and tricks relating 
McGinley keeps Ryder Cup rivals at bay Paul McGinley #39;s BMW International Open second round four-under-par 68 on Friday left him sharing 11th place four strokes away from leader Miguel Angel Jimenez and 
Radcliffe #39;s Day of Destiny Paula Radcliffe arrived at the Olympic Stadium tonight determined to bury the ghost of Sundays marathon by winning a medal in the 10,000metres final.
Archer linked to coup plot It has become known as the  quot;Wonga List quot;, an incendiary document said to disclose the identities of the rich and influential public figures who bankrolled the alleged coup attempt in Equatorial Guinea.
Al-Qaeda-related terrorism still poses as great a threat as ever 27 August 2004 - Despite international efforts, the threat from al-Qaeda-related terrorism remains as great as ever but the nature of that threat has changed, according to the first report from the monitoring team dealing with United Nations sanctions 
PM Pledges Russia Will Meet Oil Goals (AP) AP - Russian Prime Minister Mikhail Fradkov pledged Friday that Russia would keep meeting its oil export commitments to China, an apparent reference to fears that a cut in production at the beleaguered Yukos oil company could harm Beijing.
Hargrove calls on NDP to leave Quebec to Bloc, form leftist alliance (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - MONTREAL (CP) - The New Democratic Party should leave Quebec to the Bloc Quebecois and work with the sovereigntist party in the House of Commons in a leftist alliance, the head of the Canadian Auto Workers said Friday.
Bush on top ahead of Republican convention, despite Iraq, economic woes (AFP) AFP - US President George W. Bush campaigned in Florida ahead of his party's convention, on top in the polls but battered by negative economic news and a situation in Iraq he admits he miscalculated.
Steroid rage Swift, decisive action can save baseballs image New York Yankee Jason Giambi was outted as a cheat last week by the San Francisco Chronicle. The paper obtained federal grand jury testimony that Giambi admitted what most people already believed: hed taken 
HP rolls out new consumer electronics Hewlett-Packard Co., one of the top private employers in Greater Sacramento, on Friday rolled out an array of new products to expand into consumer digital-entertainment and digital-photography categories, including a home theater computer and its own 
Former Financier Pleads Not Guilty to New Charges Former financier Martin Armstrong pleaded not guilty to expanded charges of fraud on Friday, just days after he challenged a contempt order that has kept him imprisoned for more than four years.
Bonds trade flat, dollar mixed Treasury prices trim early gains as GDP fails to surprise; greenback gains against the euro. NEW YORK (CNN/Money) - Bond prices trimmed earlier gains and traded mostly flat Friday after US economic data proved 
Stocks Up Despite Sluggish GDP Reading A sluggish gross domestic product reading was nonetheless better than expected, prompting investors to send stocks slightly higher Friday on hopes that the economic slowdown would not be as bad as first thought.
NASA: Space Shuttle Fixed Last year a chunk of the foam damaged a wing of the Columbia, leading to the breakup of the shuttle high over Texas. NASA is aiming for three shuttle flights in 2005.
Abdallah wins first US women #39;s taekwondo medal Athens, Greece (Sports Network) - Nia Abdallah won the first United States medal ever in women #39;s taekwondo Friday, fighting her way through three rounds before falling in the under-57kg gold medal match and earning a silver.
Sport Fishing Puts Bite on U.S. Fish Stocks, Study Says Catches of dwindling U.S. marine fish stocks by recreational anglers now rival those of commercial fisheries, claims a new report.
Drug-Discovery Plan to Tap, and Help, Africa Forests An ambitious drug-research project in Madagascar aims to tap the botanical knowledge of traditional healers while helping to protect the country's rain forests.
US economic growth brakes to 2.8 percent pace in second quarter (AFP) AFP - The US economy braked harder than first thought in the second quarter, skidding to a 2.8 percent annual growth rate as consumers gripped their purses, a government report showed.
NBA boss vows future US teams to work more on global rules (AFP) AFP - Future United States Olympic teams of National Basketball Association stars will have more training with international rules before arriving at the Games, NBA commissioner David Stern said.
Cheney's Plane Avoids Collision (AP) AP - A military plane carrying Vice President Dick Cheney came within almost half a mile of a small private plane over Bridgeport, Conn., last month, forcing the pilot to take evasive action, the Federal Aviation Administration said Friday.
New aviation system makes flying safer, pollution free: Technology India: Washington, Dec 7 : Scientists are now developing a new aircraft scheduling system using computer models which, would not only make air travel safer but would also curb the pollution.
Avalon faces axe as Microsoft dismembers Longhorn &lt;strong&gt;Exclusive&lt;/strong&gt; WinFS, new GUI face 'decoupling'
New Printers, TVs, iPod at Core of HP Digital Push Mike McGuire, an analyst with Gartner G2, said HP #39;s moves are born both out of innovation and market necessity, and that the company still faces stiff competition from the likes of consumer electronics giant Sony.
Economic growth stalls in US THE US economy braked harder than first thought in the second quarter, skidding to a 2.8 per cent annual growth rate as consumers gripped their purses, new figures showed overnight.
DOJ Accuses Six With Crippling Rivals #39; Web Sites Among the more than 150 cybercrime arrests and convictions announced Thursday by the Department of Justice was an original: the nation #39;s first case alleging denial of service attacks against competitors to knock them offline.
Microsoft revamps its plans for Longhorn update In order to get the next update of its Windows operating system out the door, Microsoft will delay some of the key improvements that had been planned.
VeriSign antitrust claim against ICANN rebuffed VeriSign has suffered a legal setback in its courtroom battles with Internet governing body ICANN over its controversial Site Finder service.
UK Broadband Pricing Adjustment: Competition or Crisis? A mandated price cut in so-called local loop unbundling in the UK, a requirement for UK providers to offer broadband service, and an allowed price increase for wholesale broadband products has 
IGF ask US #39;s Hamm to Give up the Gold ATHENS, Greece - The controversy over American Olympian Paul Hamm #39;s gold medal in the all-round men #39;s gymnastics has headed back into headlines as the International Gymnastics Federation (IGF) has asked Hamm to  quot;voluntarily quot; give back the medal.
ATHENS OLYMPICS 2004 / Crawford leads US sweep in 200 Each time the runners approached the starting blocks, the chants would begin again, a defiant show of support for their fallen hero.
Towns Celebrate and Hope Amir Can Strike Gold Amir Khans victory sparked scenes of celebration tonight in the two towns where the boxing sensation lives and trains. Family and friends in Bolton and Bury heaped praise on the 
National defence top priority: Shaukat Aziz ISLAMABAD: The Newly elected Prime Minister Shaukat Aziz Friday vowed to ensure good governance in the country which would give priority to merit and ability in all fields.
British Airways cancels additional flights LONDON, August 27 (New Ratings) - British Airways (BAI1.FSE) announced its plans today to cancel 24 additional flights in the next few days.
 #39;Assam blasts aimed at sparking panic #39; A spate of bombings which killed six people and injured scores in the past two days is aimed at triggering panic in the revolt-hit Indian state of Assam, an official said yesterday.
Chirac hits out at international community #39;s inaction in Middle &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; PARIS : French President Jacques Chirac sharply criticized the international community #39;s failure to help put an end to the Israeli-Palestinian conflict, saying the world should  quot;impose quot; peace talks.
Briefly: OSDL hires lawyer, opens China office roundup Plus: Oracle gives PeopleSoft shareholders more time...Cisco reports access control server flaws...Toshiba tinkers with Wi-Fi for TV.
Microsoft revamps its plans for Longhorn update To get next version of Windows out on time, company says it will delay some planned features.
OSDL hires lawyer, opens China office The lab home of Linux founder Linus Torvalds hires an intellectual-property attorney and says hello to Beijing.
Ex-Palm CEO Yankowski to head Majesco Carl Yankowski replaces Jesse Sutton as CEO of the game publisher.
Jury Selection Begins in Kobe Bryant Rape Case (Reuters) Reuters - Hundreds of prospective jurors in\the high-profile Kobe Bryant rape case turned up on Friday for\jury selection in a trial of the star athlete that lawyers said\is shaping up to be full of rancor.
U.S. Tribunal Charges Suspected Al Qaeda Accountant (Reuters) Reuters - A\Sudanese man described as an al Qaeda paymaster was formally\charged on Friday with conspiring to commit terrorism.
'Dream Team' Out of Gold Race After Loss to Argentina  ATHENS (Reuters) - Argentina upset three-times defending  champions the United States 89-81 in their semi-final at the  men's Olympic basketball Friday.
Jury Selection Begins in Kobe Bryant Rape Case  EAGLE, Colo. (Reuters) - Hundreds of prospective jurors in  the high-profile Kobe Bryant rape case turned up on Friday for  jury selection in a trial of the star athlete that lawyers said  is shaping up to be full of rancor.
Update 1: PM Pledges Russia Will Meet Oil Goals Russian Prime Minister Mikhail Fradkov pledged Friday that Russia would keep meeting its oil export commitments to China, an apparent reference to fears that a cut in production at the beleaguered Yukos oil company could harm Beijing.
Mercury continues product offensive with new mid-size car called &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Ford Motor Co. #39;s Mercury brand, in the midst of launching six new vehicles over the next four years, will call its new entry-level sedan the Milan and try to use the car to attract a younger buyer.
HP #39;s iPod Leads Product Rush With its enterprise division still reeling from its financial woes, HP (Quote, Chart) announced today 25 new consumer products it hopes will reinvigorate its brand.
UN: N. Korean Environment in Poor Shape Aug. 27, 2004 - NAIROBI, Kenya Urgent investment is needed in North Korea to deal with severe environmental problems that have depleted the country #39;s forests, contaminated water supplies and polluted the 
Brain Study Shows Why Revenge is Sweet  quot;A person who has been cheated is left in a bad situationwith bad feelings, quot; said study co-author Ernst Fehr, director of the Institute for Empirical Research in Economics at the University of Zurich in Switzerland.
Toxins Accumulate in Arctic Peoples, Animals, Study Says For several decades researchers have studied toxin levels in Arctic peoples and wildlife and tracked pollution sources. Peter Ross is a marine mammal toxicologist with the Canadian Department of Fisheries and Oceans in Sidney, British Columbia.
Deakes agony as curse strikes JANE Saville was the first person to reach fellow Australian heartbreak walker Nathan Deakes when he was disqualified with a medal in sight in the Olympic 50km race yesterday.
Chelsea denies conflict of interest in Champions League grouping Chelsea has denied there is any conflict of interest in its being grouped with Russian side CSKA Moscow in the Champions League. The two sides were drawn Thursday in Group H, along with titleholder Porto and Paris Saint-Germain.
Men #39;s Triathlon Hamish Carter pulled away from Bevan Docherty on the final lap of the triathlon, giving New Zealand a 1-2 finish in the endurance race.
Khan fights his way to boxing final Britain #39;s teenage boxing sensation Amir Khan tonight won his semi-final fight in Athens and guaranteed himself at least a silver Olympic medal.
Najaf Calm as Peace Deal Implemented Calm reigned in Najaf Friday, as Shi #39;ite militants abandoned the holy Imam Ali shrine in accordance with a peace deal brokered by Iraq #39;s top Shi #39;ite cleric Ayatollah Ali al-Sistani.
Greenspan on America #39;s Age Wave The only things you can count on in life, or so the saying goes, are death and taxes. But when it comes to economics and government budgets, perhaps the only thing that #39;s for sure is demographics.
Greenspan: Change social safety net JACKSON HOLE, Wyo. (CNNfn) - The US government must not promise benefits to aging baby boomers that it cannot afford, because that could mean painful future adjustments to taxes and spending, according to Federal Reserve chairman Alan Greenspan.
Microsoft Sees  #39;06 Launch of  #39;Longhorn #39; Windows Upgrade Microsoft (MSFT:Nasdaq - news - research) on Friday made official its plans to release its next Windows upgrade in 2006, although the software will be missing one of its key features.
Thursday #39;s round-up It was another great night for the US track and field team as it upped its medal count to 18, just two short of the Sydney Games. The highlight was the sweep in the 200 meters.
Mourinho #39;s Chelsea Faces Porto in Champions League (Update1) Chelsea, soccer #39;s biggest-spending team, will play defending champion Porto in the group stage of European soccer #39;s Champions League, pitting Blues coach Jose Mourinho against the team he took to last year #39;s final.
Teenager Khan is through to final ATHENS, Greece -- Britain #39;s Amir Khan is now only one bout away from becoming the youngest Olympic boxing champion since Floyd Patterson won gold in 1952, after defeating Serik Yeleuov of Kazakhstan in the semifinals.
Bryant Trial Opens With Jury Selection EAGLE, Colo. Aug. 27, 2004 - Some 500 potential jurors began arriving at the courthouse here Friday, the first step toward choosing 12 people who will decide whether NBA star Kobe Bryant is guilty of sexually assaulting a resort worker last summer.
Sadr gives up Najaf shrine SHIITE militia leader Moqtada Sadr has ceded control of his shrine stronghold to representatives of the religious leadership following a deal with Grand Ayatollah Ali al-Sistani to end weeks of deadly fighting that has devastated the Iraqi city of Najaf.
Italians wear black armbands to honor slain journalist killed in &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Italian soccer players wore black armbands on their uniforms during the Olympic bronze-medal game against Iraq on Friday in honor of an Italian journalist killed by Iraqi militants.
Hamza quizzed over terrorism Radical Muslim cleric Abu Hamza, 47, of north London, is being questioned over allegations he supported terrorism. Detectives will explore whether he gave aid to terrorists, either through recruitment, finance or logistics.
350 security prisoners end two-week hunger strike Some 350 security prisoners at Shikma jail have ended their two-week hunger strike, Prisons Authority spokesman Ofer Lefler said Friday, as the United Nations expressed its concern 
Argentina Completes Dream Team's Downfall (AP) AP - Bronze is the best the American men's basketball team can do, and the reason is simple: They were beaten by a better team, Argentina. Manu Ginobili scored 29 points to lead his nation to another victory over the country that used to dominate the sport, an 89-81 win in the Olympic semifinals Friday night.
VeriSign Suit Against ICANN Dismissed (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - A federal judge on Thursday dismissed an antitrust lawsuit brought by Internet registry firm VeriSign (Nasdaq: VRSN) against the Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers (ICANN), handing VeriSign a second defeat in its dispute over the company's controversial SiteFinder service.
Sprint, SBC in Wi-Fi Deal (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - U.S. telecom carriers Sprint (NYSE: FON) and SBC Communications (NYSE: SBC) have announced a reciprocal deal, under which their customers will be able to use both companies' wireless Internet connections more easily.
Home Users Most Vulnerable to SP2 Flaw (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - One of the first flaws found in Windows XP SP2 -- which leaves a PC vulnerable through a drag-and-drop hole in Internet Explorer -- could be used by hackers for even greater mischief.
Oracle Extends Bid for PeopleSoft (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - While a U.S. District Court continues to weigh the legality of \Oracle's (Nasdaq: ORCL) attempted takeover of \PeopleSoft (Nasdaq: PSFT), Oracle has taken the necessary steps to ensure the offer does not die on the vine with PeopleSoft's shareholders.
Convention Protesters Eager to Begin (AP) AP - Jason Flores-Williams may despise President Bush, but he can't wait for him and his party to get here.
Democrats Come to Observe Convention (AP) AP - The Democrats have come to town to prick rhetorical balloons at the Republican National Convention.
Croatia erases 'fascist' tributes Croatian authorities take down two monuments honouring officials from the country's Nazi era.
Stocks Climb on GDP Reading in 2Q NEW YORK - A sluggish gross domestic product reading was nonetheless better than expected, prompting investors to send stocks moderately higher Friday on hopes that the economic slowdown would not be as bad as first thought.    The 2.8 percent GDP growth in the second quarter, a revision from the 3 percent preliminary figure reported in July, is a far cry from the 4.5 percent growth in the first quarter...
Argentina Completes Dream Team's Downfall ATHENS, Greece - Bronze is the best the American men's basketball team can do, and the reason is simple: They were beaten by a better team, Argentina. Manu Ginobili scored 29 points to lead his nation to another victory over the country that used to dominate the sport, an 89-81 win in the Olympic semifinals Friday night...
SABMiller to build China brewery; Interbrew, AmBev complete merger After losing out on a bid to buy China #39;s Harbin Brewery Group Ltd. to rival Anheuser-Busch Cos. Inc., Miller Brewing Co. #39;s owner SABMiller plc is planning to build an \$82.
HP to tempt shoppers with digital lifestyle PC giant unveils consumer electronics strategy, including iPod music player, high-definition TVs and PCs that record television shows. \
Hewlett-Packard #39;s new iPod highlights new product offerings MIAMI : Tech giant Hewlett-Packard unveiled its own branded iPod music player as in introduced a revamped lineup of digital consumer products.
Federal Court Dismisses VeriSign Claim Against ICANN  quot;The US federal court #39;s decision serves as another important affirmation of ICANN #39;s multistakeholder participatory model, and reaffirms the ICANN structure, quot; stated John Jeffrey, ICANN #39;s General Counsel.
OSDL hires lawyer, opens China office Open Source Development Labs, a Beaverton, Ore.-based consortium devoted to improving Linux, has hired an attorney to handle intellectual-property matters and has opened a branch office in Beijing, the group said this week.
Dream Team Beaten by Argentina 89-81 ATHENS, Greece Aug. 27, 2004 - The US men #39;s basketball team will go home from the Olympics without a gold medal for the first time since it began using NBA players after the Americans were beaten soundly by Argentina 89-81 in the semifinals Friday.
Annus horribilis Hungary #39;s hammer throw gold medallist, Adrian Annus, is embroiled in a drugs dispute with the IOC demanding that he give a fresh urine sample or lose his gold medal.
Irans Saei adds Athens gold to Sydney bronze TEHRAN (MNA) - Sydney bronze medalist Hadi Saei from Iran won the coveted gold of -68kg taekwondo tournament of 2004 Athens Olympic Games Friday.
DECOURCY: Rededicated Huggins back at Cincy CINCINNATI - His workday began Friday at 12:01 am ET. Bob Huggins made a couple of recruiting calls, one to a point guard who interests the Cincinnati Bearcats, another to a power forward.
Ayatollah Sistanis pivotal role in resolving Najaf crisis Grand Ayatollah Seyyed Ali Sistani, the great Shia marja taqlid (source of emulation) based in Najaf, returned to the city last Thursday in order to resume his pivotal role in resolving the Najaf crisis.
Al-Qaeda sanctions  #39;ineffective #39; UNITED NATIONS (BBC) -- A UN committee has found that sanctions imposed against al-Qaeda and the former Taleban have had little impact on the groups #39; operations.
Explosions kill four, wound 54 in India Two bus bombings and a series of other blasts yesterday killed four people and wounded 54 in a surge of violence that police blamed on separatist rebels in Indias insurgency-wracked Assam state.
Lebanon urged to hold free elections The United States, Germany and France called Friday for presidential elections in Lebanon to be free, based on the constitution and staged without foreign intervention, a 
Will GMail change the way email marketing is done? Will GMail change the way email marketing is done?\\I read this great article online sometime back which made big sense in current scenario. A lot of people I know have started to use GMail as their primary mail service. And most of them do not move due to the much ...
Hewlett-Packard to Launch Latest Push Into Consumer Markets The company will unveil a range of products today including its version of the iPod digital music player that raises the stakes in a war between PC and electronics makers.
Vuitton Loses Dooney-Bourke Trademark Bid (Reuters) Reuters - Louis Vuitton on Friday lost a bag\battle to stop competitors from imitating its famous "LV" logo\style when a U.S. judge refused to order Dooney   Bourke to\stop marketing a line with its "DB" monogram.
Microsoft sets 2006 release for "Longhorn" operating system (AFP) AFP - Microsoft said it plans to broadly release the long-awaited update to its flagship Windows operating system, dubbed "Longhorn," in 2006.
Treasuries Slip in Thin Trade  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. Treasury debt prices were a  sliver lower on Friday, but trading was thin as many investors  took off for an early weekend before next week's Republican  convention.
Microsoft Scales Back Longhorn Plans Key feature of the upcoming OS will be cut so it will ship in 2006.
Oil Obsession Wanes on Wall Street Oil is now down almost 15 in a week. Isn #39;t this what people were complaining about two weeks ago when oil was marching toward \$50 a barrel?
Explosion investigated at Watertown biotech company Police were searching for suspects Friday after a pipe bomb exploded in the offices of a biotech company developing treatments for diabetes and liver disease.
Mobile makers get the message Mobile phones get smaller and lighter all the time. With the part count for the average mobile going down by 20-30 per cent every year, a phone bought five years ago now looks as old-fashioned as a 1950s wireless.
 #39;Dream Team #39; Out of Gold Race After Loss to Argentina The US men #39;s basketball team was beaten by Argentina Friday, denying it an Olympic gold medal for the first time since 1992 when NBA players started competing.
US Olympic Officials Condemn New Assault on Hamm #39;s Gold Medal The US Olympic Committee says  quot;outrageous and improper quot; pressure is being put on gymnast Paul Hamm to give up his gold medal to a South Korean rival.
Running battles on Athens streets POLICE used tear gas today to disperse hundreds of demonstrators who lit fires, smashed windows and beat up journalists as they marched through Athens to protest a visit by US Secretary of State Colin Powell.
Liu Xiang makes history The 21-year-old Chinese claimed the gold medal of the showcase men #39;s 110m hurdles before a capacity crowd of 70,000 at the Olympic Stadium in the 28th Olympic Games here on Friday.
Italy firm on Iraq after  #39;barbaric #39; hostage murder Italy insisted Friday the killing of an Italian journalist in Iraq by Islamic kidnappers would not shake its resolve to keep troops in Iraq.
African Union Force Seen as Main Hope for Darfur (Reuters) Reuters - Days before a U.N. deadline for\Sudan to disarm and prosecute those responsible for violence in\the country's Darfur region, nations are looking to the African\Union rather than any U.N. sanctions to curb further killing.
Eritreans being deported from Libya hijack plane to Sudan (AFP) AFP - Four Eritreans among a group being forcibly returned home from Libya hijacked their aircraft and forced it to land in Khartoum amid warnings from a human rights watchdog that Eritrean deportees face imprisonment or even torture.
Fumbled Baton Leaves Jones 0-For-Athens (AP) AP - A failed baton handoff doomed the U.S. 400-meter relay team, terminating Marion Jones' last chance for a medal at the Athens Games. An hour after she finished fifth in the long jump, Jones was unable to make the handoff to 100-meter silver medalist Lauryn Williams midway through the relay.
Zimbabwe Convicts Accused 'Mercenary' for Weapons  HARARE (Reuters) - A Zimbabwe court Friday convicted a  British man accused of leading a coup plot against the  government of oil-rich Equatorial Guinea on weapons charges,  but acquitted most of the 69 other men held with him.
Sudanese Militiamen Disarm, Say They Not Janjaweed (Reuters) Reuters - Five hundred Sudanese militiamen\in government service disarmed in western Darfur Friday at a\ceremony attended by U.N. envoy Jan Pronk, but denied they were\Arab Janjaweed irregulars blamed for killing, raping and\looting in Darfur aimed at African villagers.
Vatican returns Russian icon venerated by Pope John Paul to Moscow (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - ROME (AP) - The Vatican returned a Russian icon venerated by Pope John Paul to Moscow on Friday in a gesture aimed at improving strained relations with the Russian Orthodox Church and possibly clearing the way for a visit by the ailing pontiff.
'Dream Team' Out of Gold Race After Loss to Argentina  ATHENS (Reuters) - The U.S. men's basketball team was  beaten by Argentina and booed off the court by the crowd on  Friday as it was denied an Olympic gold medal for the first  time since 1992 when NBA players started competing.
Now It #39;s Official: US Growth Slowed US economic growth slowed more sharply in the second quarter than first thought as oil prices rose and the trade gap swelled, the government said on Friday in a report 
Ashcroft Heralds Cybercrime Crackdown US Attorney General John Ashcroft heralded the success of Operation Web Snare, a multi-agency crackdown on cybercrime that led to the arrrest or conviction of more than 150 people for a variety 
Microsoft lightens Longhorn Microsoft will indeed be trimming some things out of the initial release of the Longhorn client, the next version of the Windows desktop operating system.
HP Launches Ad Push for CE Products Looking to push its brand beyond the PC, Hewlett-Packard today launched a major product effort into consumer electronics, including the much-anticipated rollout of its HP-branded iPod music 
Microsoft sets 2006 release for  quot;Longhorn quot; operating system WASHINGTON : Microsoft said it plans to broadly release the long-awaited update to its flagship Windows operating system, dubbed  quot;Longhorn, quot; in 2006.
Oracle Won #39;t Quit Last night, database maker Oracle (Nasdaq: ORCL) once again extended its \$7.7 billion offer for business software provider PeopleSoft (Nasdaq: PSFT).
Lebedeva makes amends in long jump Tatyana Lebedeva led a Russian 1-2-3 in the Olympic women #39;s long jump final as Marion Jones of the United States missed out on a medal.
Notable quotes Friday at the Athens Olympics  quot;I respect totally Paul Hamm and all the decisions he makes. If he says give back the medal, I respect it. Don #39;t give back the medal, I respect the decision.
Liu wins hurdles gold, equals world record Liu Xiang of China took the Olympic men #39;s 110 metres hurdles gold medal in a world record-equalling time of 12.91 seconds on Friday.
Olympics Wrap: Another Doping Controversy Surfaces Olympic chiefs ordered Hungarian hammer gold medallist Adrian Annus Friday to submit another doping sample or risk losing his medal, while another of his compatriots was stripped of a medal for failing a test.
Women #39;s 10,000m : XING wins gold for China ATHENS, 27 August - China #39;s Huina XING produced a sprint over the final 100m to destroy Ethiopia #39;s hopes of a medal sweep and claim her nation #39;s second Olympic gold medal of the night.
STREETWISE: Art? Nobody told the cleaner Paintings and other valuable works of art are stolen almost every day from galleries around the world, the most recent of course being Edvard Munch #39;s famous  quot;The Scream quot;.
US to Syria: Don #39;t interfere in Lebanese election BEIRUT: In the first such statement since President Emile Lahoud said he would stand for re-election as president earlier this week, the White House on Friday asked Syria 
Treasury secretary expects Michigan to remain a manufacturing &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; US Treasury Secretary John Snow said he believes Michigan -hich has lost about 190,000 factory jobs during the past five years  -l continue to be a global manufacturing leader.
Update 1: Alitalia: July Revenues Below Expectations Struggling carrier Alitalia said Thursday that revenues were below expectations in July and August as domestic market share fell to 45 percent from about 50 percent last year.
Apple iPod from HP HP is to unveil a range of products including its version of the iPod digital music player. The company will roll out a 42-inch high-definition plasma television, a DVD home theater projector, new Photosmart printers and an entertainment notebook PC.
HP unveils its iPod, entertainment media center Hewlett-Packard (HP) is hot about what it considers a consumer revolution in digital media, and on Friday the company #39;s Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
Sprint, SBC Forge Wi-Fi Pact Two telecom providers have come together in the name of Wi-Fi. Sprint and SBC Communications have signed a bi-lateral roaming agreement that will enable their customers more wireless access while on the go.
Russians sweep long jump medals, Marion Jones fifth Tatyana Lebedeva led a Russian medal sweep in the long jump, relegating Marion Jones to fifth place in her only individual event of the Athens Games.
Men #39;s Light (60kg) :Semifinals ATHENS, 27 August - Amir KHAN (GBR) faced his toughest test in the Olympic Games boxing tournament, when he faced and defeated Kazakhstani boxer Serik YELEUOV to reach the Light Weight (60kg) category final.
Islamist group may have downed Russian planes Dubai - An Islamist group has claimed that it hijacked two Russian planes that crashed this week, killing at least 89 people, and threatened more attacks, according to an Internet statement posted on Friday.
US Treasury #39;s Snow says health costs impede growth US Treasury Secretary John Snow on Friday is expected to renew his call for Capitol Hill action on President George W. Bush #39;s health care ideas 
Abdallah falls in taekwondo final Nia Abdallah #39;s lack of international experience turned out to be her biggest asset in the Olympic taekwondo tournament.  quot;I don #39;t think anybody expected me to do anything here, quot; she said.
Second seed Dementieva hammered by Bovina in New Haven Second seed Elena Dementieva saw her hopes of a first title of 2004 end in double-quick time on Friday when she was hammered 6-1 6-1 by fellow Russian Elena Bovina in the semi-finals of the New Haven Cup.
Reactions Mixed to Federal Fraud Sweep Federal law enforcement may be heralding Operation Web Snare as the largest cyber-crime crackdown of its kind, but it is receiving mixed reviews on whether it will stymie the rise in Internet fraud.
Microsoft Scales Back Longhorn Plans Microsoft this week said it will sacrifice some key advances it had planned for Longhorn so it can deliver the successor to Windows XP in 2006.
Panthers, Pats Meet in Super Bowl Rematch (AP) AP - The last time the Carolina Panthers played the New England Patriots the Super Bowl was on the line. On Saturday night, they meet again with absolutely nothing at stake.
Editorial Pages Fight 'AstroTurf' With Listserv (Editor and Publisher) Editor and Publisher - NEW YORK For years, editorial page editors at newspapers across the country have battled "AstroTurf" -- form letters to the editor generated on political Web sites and by other means, then passed off as original submissions. The AstroTurf moniker came because the letters are considered fake grassroots initiatives. But The National Conference of Editorial Writers (NCEW) is taking the issue seriously.
Cubs, Astros Benches Clear After Dispute (AP) AP - Both benches cleared briefly in the second inning of Friday's game between the Houston Astros and the Chicago Cubs when Cubs catcher Michael Barrett began jawing with Astros' pitcher Roy Oswalt, five days after Oswalt hit him in the back with a pitch.
U.S. Furious at Proposal That Hamm Return His Gold  ATHENS (Reuters) - U.S. Olympic chiefs reacted furiously  Friday to a suggestion all-round champion Paul Hamm should give  his gold medal to a South Korean rival under a plan floated by  the governing body of world gymnastics.
Stocks Gain; Techs Ahead But Volume Thin  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks rose on Friday, helped by  reassuring consumer confidence data and a bounce in technology  stocks, but volume was extremely thin before next week's  Republican convention in New York City.
Oil Edges Up on Iraq, Gold Closes Lower  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Oil prices closed higher on Friday for  the first time in a week as worries lingered about  supply  disruptions from Iraq even after Thursday's deal between  Shi'ite religious dealers seeking peace in the city of Najaf.
Marketing Isn't for Problem Gamblers Harrah's, "the leader in responsible gaming," gets fined for mailing marketing materials to known problem gamblers.
Oracle launches business intelligence tools Oracle has launched a new set of business intelligence (BI) tools for its grid-enabled database technology. The BI 10g product has been separated out of Oracle #39;s existing application server software.
Oracle Won't Quit The database king extends its offer for PeopleSoft for the 10th time. Is there any profit left for investors?
HP Launches Latest Push Into Consumer Markets  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Hewlett-Packard Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=HPQ.N qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;HPQ.N&lt;/A&gt; on  Friday unveiled a range of products including its version of  the iPod digital music player that raises the stakes in a war  between PC and electronics makers for a spot in increasingly  digitized living rooms.
Russia Blames Terrorism for Downed Jet MOSCOW - Russian officials accused terrorists Friday after the wreckage of one of two crashed jetliners revealed traces of an explosive used in earlier attacks blamed on Chechen rebels, while an Islamic group claimed its suicide attackers brought down both planes.    At least one crash was "the result of a terrorist act," a spokesman for the Federal Security Service, Sergei Ignatchenko, told the ITAR-Tass news agency...
Gates: Longhorn changed to make deadlines Microsoft founder Bill Gates says things had to be removed to make the deadline. Also, employees in the search department fired up to take on Google. \
Allchin explains Longhorn's haircut A clear roadmap for Longhorn was more important than inclusion of an advanced file system, Jim Allchin tells CNET News.com.\
CSFB name may disappear: CEO LONDON (CBS.MW) -- Credit Suisse #39;s (CSR) CEO, Oswald Gruebel, said the Credit Suisse First Boston name may be scrapped but not immediately, AFX News reported.
Apple fans abuzz over new iMac Company maintains its famous veil of secrecy as faithful speculate about possible designs.
Microsoft cuts advances for 2006 Longhorn release Microsoft Corp. on Friday said it will sacrifice some key advances it had planned for Longhorn so it can deliver the successor to Windows XP in 2006.
HP unveils its iPod, entertainment media center MIAMI BEACH - Hewlett-Packard (HP) is hot about what it considers a consumer revolution in digital media, and on Friday the company's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Carly Fiorina selected a chic club here in Miami Beach to unveil a raft of consumer electronic devices, including HP's version of Apple Computer Inc.'s iPod, and pledge her company's commitment to this market.
Alternative Copy Controls Bill Pitched Industry groups are looking for a way around controversial copyright proposal.
Gates: Longhorn changed to make deadlines Microsoft on Friday set late 2006 as the deadline when it will ship Longhorn, the next major version of Windows. But to make that date, it had to delay the full implementation WinFS, an ambitious file system 
Microsoft to release next version of Windows in 2006 Microsoft Corp. said it plans to release the next version of its Windows operating system as expected in 2006, but it will not include much-touted new technology for organizing and storing data.
Oracle Refreshes PeopleSoft Offer While it waits for a federal court to rule on its hostile bid for PeopleSoft, Oracle (Quote, Chart) is keeping the deal in play. The database giant extended its previously announced tender offer of \$21 for 
VeriSign Loses Round Against ICANN VeriSign (Quote, Chart) has come out on the losing end in its breach of contract and antitrust lawsuit against the Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers (ICANN).
Nokia, Vodafone to Drive Mobile Java Wireless players Nokia (Quote, Chart) and Vodafone (Quote, Chart) are teaming up to write the next chapter (of code) in the mobile Java story.
Radcliffe drops out again GREAT Britain #39;s Paula Radcliffe #39;s dropped out of the Olympic Games women #39;s 10,000m with eight laps still to go this morning having made a late decision to compete.
Bob Huggins makes fast start upon return Cincinnati basketball coach Bob Huggins was contrite and sporting a new crew cut as he returned to work Friday after university officials suspended him following his drunken driving conviction in June and told him to rehabilitate 
Italy shocked, outraged by hostage #39;s murder ROME: Italy was in shock Friday at the execution of a kidnapped journalist in Iraq, which Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi slammed as a return  quot;to the dark times of barbarism, quot; but he pledged Italian troops would stay.
Zimbabwe Convicts Accused  #39;Mercenary #39; for Weapons A Zimbabwe court Friday convicted a British man accused of leading a coup plot against the government of oil-rich Equatorial Guinea on weapons charges, but acquitted most of the 69 other men held with him.
Mauritania, Burkina row over suspected coup plot Mauritania blasted fellow West African country Burkina Faso as  quot;evil quot; on Friday for allegedly plotting to destabilise the potentially oil-rich Islamic republic.
Workgroup Cluster for Bioinformatics Video See why scientists are adopting Apple technology when they need the power of high-perfomrance computing. Aug 27
Stocks End Up; Techs Gain on Light Volume (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. blue-chips closed at six-week\highs on Friday, helped by reassuring consumer confidence data\and a bounce in technology stocks, but volume was extremely\thin before next week's Republican convention in New York City.
Review panel pleased with Supreme Court choices; Tories criticize procedure (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - OTTAWA (CP) - The first-ever parliamentary panel to review Supreme Court appointments declared Friday it was pleased with the two justices chosen by Prime Minister Paul Martin.
Stocks End Up; Techs Gain on Light Volume  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. blue-chips closed at six-week  highs on Friday, helped by reassuring consumer confidence data  and a bounce in technology stocks, but volume was extremely  thin before next week's Republican convention in New York City.
Delta Suffers Setback with Debt Committee  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Delta Air Lines Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=DAL.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;DAL.N&lt;/A&gt; suffered  a setback this week when a committee of creditors scotched one  of the company's early debt renegotiation efforts, but the  struggling airline still has a chance of restructuring its debt  without filing for bankruptcy, analysts said on Friday.
Dream Team surrender title The US men's basketball team are ousted in the semi-finals by Argentina, beaten 89-81.
Oil price steadies WORLD oil prices firmed overnight after a five-session drop amid renewed concerns over unrest in Iraq despite a ceasefire in its holy city of Najaf.
Delta Suffers Setback with Debt Committee Delta Air Lines Inc. (DAL.N: Quote, Profile, Research) suffered a setback this week when a committee of creditors scotched one of the company #39;s early debt renegotiation 
California pharmacies sue drug giants A lawsuit filed by San Francisco attorney Joseph Alioto on behalf of 19 California pharmacies accuses 15 major drug companies of conspiracing to inflate drug prices.
Ryder Cup berths on the line at BMW, Jimenez leads Miguel Angel Jimenez #39;s 66 gave the Spaniard a one-shot lead Friday at the BMW International Open, where European players are in a last-minute scramble to make the Ryder Cup team.
Australia win first men #39;s hockey gold Australia won the Olympic men #39;s hockey tournament for the first time in history on Friday, beating the Netherlands 2-1 with a golden goal.
Olympics-Athletics-Invincible Sanchez storms to gold Red-hot favourite Felix Sanchez made history for the Dominican Republic when he streaked to victory in the men #39;s Olympic 400 metres hurdles final.
Russia downplays terror crash revelations President Vladimir Putin #39;s government has played down revelations of terrorist involvement in the crash of two airliners, apparently not wanting to highlight an embarrassing security 
Eritrean Asylum Seekers Force Plane to Land in Sudan A group of 76 Eritreans on a repatriation flight from Libya Friday forced their plane to change course and land in the Sudanese capital, Khartoum, where they 
Aziz elected Pak PM amid oppn boycott ISLAMABAD: President Musharraf #39;s loyalist Shaukat Aziz was on Friday elected as Pakistan #39;s PM in a national assembly vote boycotted by the opposition in protest of the Speaker #39; decision not to permit their jailed candidate Javed Hashmi to take part in the 
Allchin: Don't call it "Shorthorn" Despite the removal of an advanced file system, Longhorn will not be short on features, Jim Allchin tells CNET News.com.
U.K.'s NHS licenses Sun's Java Desktop System Britain's National Health Service bought 5,000 licenses for Sun Microsystems Inc.'s Java Desktop System as an alternative to Windows, in a move that could open the door for greater use of the open-source software by the health agency.
Brief: Siemens warns of ear damage from loud mobile tune Siemens warned customers of a software defect in a range of mobile phones that could cause hearing damage.
Oracle again extends offer for PeopleSoft Oracle extended its offer to acquire PeopleSoft for \$7.7 billion from today to Sept. 10 -- the 10th time is has made an extension since launching the takeover campaign in June 2003.
VeriSign is dealt another legal blow in ICANN suit A federal judge dismissed VeriSign's antitrust claims against the Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers, dealing another setback to the company in its ongoing legal battle against the Internet's technical coordinating body.
DOJ announces online fraud convictions A huge sweep for online fraud and other Internet-related crimes netted 53 convictions and another 103 arrests, the Justice Department announced.
Xing stuns Ethiopians in 10,000m China #39;s unheralded Xing Huina caused a major shock as she turned the tables on the Ethiopians to storm to gold in the women #39;s Olympic 10,000 metres on Friday.
UEFA Cup champ takes Super Cup with 2-1 victory over Porto UEFA Cup holders Valencia beat European champion Porto 2-1 to win the Super Cup at Monaco #39;s Stade Louis II on Friday. Midfielder Vicente laid on both Valencia goals with Ruben Baraja heading 
China Grabs 1st Men's Olympic Gold in Track and Field (Reuters) Reuters - China grabbed its first-ever men's\Olympic gold in track and field on Friday, but it was a night\of misery for Americans, who saw any chance of a fourth\consecutive gold in basketball crushed.
Oil Halts Slide on Iraqi Pipeline Attacks (Reuters) Reuters - Oil prices stopped a five-day slide on\Friday on renewed supply concerns after fresh Iraqi pipeline\attacks outweighed an end to a three-week uprising in the city\of Najaf.
Gateway Debuts Cool New PC (PC World) PC World - Desktop features BTX motherboard for improved airflow.
Tenn. Polynesians Standing Out on Field (AP) AP - Tennessee's Albert Toeaina is one of the most recognizable players on the team, and that's before he puts on a skirt.
Microsoft to Release New Windows in '06 (AP) AP - Microsoft Corp. will drop a much-touted new technology for organizing and storing data when it releases the next version of its Windows operating system as expected in 2006.
Sky count to track orang numbers Using helicopters to count endangered orang-utans gives very accurate estimates of the great apes' numbers, researchers report in Plos Biology.
Most Air Passengers Not Screened for Bombs (AP) AP - Even with all the security gains since the Sept. 11 attacks, most airline passengers in the United States aren't screened for explosives before boarding a plane.
Olympics Wrap: China Grabs 1st Men's Gold in Track  ATHENS (Reuters) - China grabbed its first-ever men's  Olympic gold in track and field on Friday, but it was a night  of misery for Americans, who saw any chance of a fourth  consecutive gold in basketball crushed.
HP introduces home electronics in fall product lineup HP, the world #39;s second largest computer maker, on Friday introduced a number of consumer products including TVs in unveiling its fall product lineup for the Christmas season.
There #39;s a Catch: Recreation takes toll on marine fish Sportfishing isn #39;t just a tiny, harmless nibble on saltwater-fish populations, according to a new analysis of federal data. FISH COUNT.
As software world awaits ruling, Oracle extends offer With the future of its \$7.7 billion takeover attempt of PeopleSoft Inc. resting in the hands of a federal judge, Oracle Corp. is once again extending its tender offer for investors to tender their shares.
Sprint, SBC in Wi-Fi Deal Sprint and SBC Communications have reached an agreement under which their Wi-Fi customers will be able to use both companies #39; wireless hot spots.
Gateway Debuts Cool New PC Gateway released the specifications this week for a retail desktop PC based on a new motherboard design that should help cool high-end processors and graphics cards.
Linksys and Intel Team On Smart Wireless Solutions Intel Smart Wireless Solutions is being delivered in conjunction with Intel #39;s new Wi-Fi client software, Intel PROSet/Wireless version 9.0, also announced today, and will work with new Intel Centrino mobile technology notebooks and select Linksys wireless 
Ericsson pulls Bluetooth division One of the key developers of Bluetooth is shutting down the division that helped foster the personal area networking technology. Ericsson has already started to shut down its 125-worker Technology Licensing 
Greek anti-war activists protest visit by Powell Greek anti-war organizations and trade unions staged a big demonstration in downtown Athens Friday night to protest the planned visit to Greece by US Secretary of State 
Mack pulls off a last-gasp victory ATHENS, Greece -- American pole vaulter Timothy Mack pulled off a last-gasp clearance at an Olympic record height of 5.95 meters to take the title in Athens.
Najaf ultras surrender shrine NAJAF, Aug. 27. - Militants filed out of the revered Imam Ali Shrine and turned its keys over to representatives of Iraqs top Shiite cleric today following a peace agreement to end three weeks of fighting in this holy city.
Russia finds evidence of blast on jet MOSCOW -- One of the two planes that crashed almost simultaneously in the Russian countryside this week fell apart in midair just moments after sending a distress signal, a senior official said yesterday, adding that the plane might have been destroyed by 
Hopes renew as KGL responds to abductors #39; demand Amidst fresh hopes of release of three Indian hostages, their Kuwaiti employer company KGL today declared it had  quot;no presence quot; in Iraq and expected early end to the over month-long crisis as efforts were moving in a  quot;promising  quot;direction quot;.
Ericsson pulls Bluetooth division The mobile developer disbands the unit that developed the short-range wireless technology used in some cell phones and notebook PCs.
Microsoft readies beta for application life cycle management Microsoft is refreshing the beta release of its Visual Studio 2005 developer tool platform to feature the full range of technologies planned for the companys Team System application life cycle management system, Microsoft representatives acknowledged on Friday.
Owner of Tavarez Cap Says It's Legal (AP) AP - Julian Tavarez's baseball cap is dirty and grimy  #151; but not illegal, according to the man who now owns it.
Microsoft Targets 2006 for Next Windows (Reuters) Reuters - The next version of the Windows\operating system, Microsoft Corp.'s (MSFT.O) flagship product,\will ship in 2006, the world's largest software maker said on\Friday.
E-Mail Voting Prompts Security Concerns (AP) AP - Missouri will allow members of the military stationed overseas to return absentee ballots via e-mail, raising concerns from Internet security experts about fraud and ballot secrecy.
British police granted more time to quiz radical cleric Abu Hamza (AFP) AFP - British police were granted more time to quiz radical Islamic cleric Abu Hamza al-Masri, who was arrested the day before on suspicion of committing or preparing acts of terrorism.
Central America Said on Alert for Attack (AP) AP - All of Central America is on alert for a possible al-Qaida attack against El Salvador for its support of the U.S.-led mission in Iraq, the head of the Nicaraguan army said Friday.
Anglers Have Big Impact on Fish Numbers -- Study (Reuters) Reuters - Recreational anglers may be\responsible for landing nearly 25 percent of over-fished salt\water species caught off U.S. coasts, a study released on\Thursday suggests.
American Champion Tim Mack Wins Pole Vault Gold  ATHENS (Reuters) - American champion Tim Mack won the  Olympic pole vault title on Friday with a Games record 5.95  meters after an engrossing duel with teammate Toby Stevenson.
Police get cleric quiz extension Police have been granted more time to question radical cleric Abu Hamza al-Masri under the Terrorism Act.
Microsoft Targets 2006 for Next Windows  SEATTLE (Reuters) - The next version of the Windows  operating system, Microsoft Corp.'s &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MSFT.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;MSFT.O&lt;/A&gt; flagship product,  will ship in 2006, the world's largest software maker said on  Friday.
Microsoft Targets 2006 for Next Windows  SEATTLE (Reuters) - The next version of the Windows  operating system, Microsoft Corp.'s &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=MSFT.O qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;MSFT.O&lt;/A&gt; flagship product,  will ship in 2006, the world's largest software maker said on  Friday.
Aceh governor arrested over graft \\Indonesian authorities arrest the governor of Aceh province for alleged involvement in a corrupt helicopter purchase.
Russian PM assures China on oil exports Russia #39;s prime minister pledged Friday his country would meet its oil export obligations to China, the Interfax news service said.
Global server market continues to grow Factory revenue in the worldwide server market grew at 6.9 percent year over year to 11.5 billion US dollars in the second quarter of 2004, according to a report released Friday by IDC.
Microsoft Scales Back Longhorn Microsoft Corp. on Friday said it has scaled back the next major release of the Windows operating system, code-named Longhorn, opting to drop the next-generation file system, so it can ship the OS in 2006.
US Call Centers Declining The number of US call centers is expected to decline through 2008, with Canada getting many of the jobs the US will lose, a research firm said Friday.
Athens brings out best in Anju AUGUST 27: Say sorry to everybody, she said. No, we wont. Anju Bobby George owes India no apologies. On a night of magic but not quite miracle, Anju broke her own Indian long jump record by 
Golden farewell for footballs Famous Five ATHENS: Over the past 13 years, they talked about the team, about being teammates. The members of the US womens soccer team talked about little kids who needed strong female role models - women athletes to look up to, emulate.
Harland #39;s brave display Modern pentathlon was devised by the founder of the modern Games, Baron Pierre de Coubertin, as the ultimate test of the  quot;ideal, complete athlete quot;.
Chavez celebrates referendum win Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez and throngs of his supporters jammed avenues in downtown Caracas on Friday to celebrate the president #39;s defeat of an August 15 recall referendum.
Allchin: Don't call it 'Shorthorn' Despite the removal of an advanced file system, Longhorn will not be short on features, Jim Allchin tells CNET News.com.
Will changes detract from Longhorn's success? Glitches are nothing new to Microsoft, but could delays and confusion surrounding Longhorn be detrimental to the software giant?
Oil prices up but remain below \$44 Oil prices edged higher in Asian trading Friday but remained below the \$44 level following a ceasefire in the battle-torn Iraqi city of Najaf, dealers said.
ECost.com Prices IPO One Week Late PC Mall Inc. spin-off eCost.com Inc. priced its initial public offering at \$5.80 and expects to begin trading on the Nasdaq on Friday, making its debut during a lull for IPOs that is scheduled to last through mid-September.
Server sales sag in the middle According to a report slated to be released Friday by research firm IDC, the worldwide server market hit \$11.5 billion in the second quarter, up 6.9 percent from the same period in 2003.
SEC eases rules on independent board directors After spending the past few years mounting a strong corporate governance campaign, the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) announced Friday that it would start easing its rules 
Gateway Rolls Out Cooler, Quieter BTX PC Gateway on Friday announced a new desktop, the 700GR, the first machine to use Intel #39;s BTX architecture, which aligns key components in a wind tunnel-like design for cooler and quieter operation.
Olympics: Ireland #39;s O #39;Connor claims Olympic show jumping gold ATHENS : Ireland #39;s Cian O #39;Connor, riding Waterford Crystal, won the Olympic individual show jumping title at the Markopoulo equestrian centre.
Athens police fire pepper spray at Powell protesters ATHENS - Greek police on Friday used pepper spray on a crowd of demonstrators protesting against the weekend visit of US Secretary of State Colin Powell.
Ferrari - Belgian Grand Prix  Spa-Francorchamps : Practice &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Jean Todt: It is a pleasure to be back at this circuit, which is probably the most interesting on the current Formula 1 calendar.
Pakistan Parliament Elects Prime Minister Pakistan #39;s parliament elected former finance minister Shaukat Aziz, a close ally of President Gen. Pervez Musharraf, as prime minister on Friday after the opposition 
Hostage crisis: KGL halts work in Iraq Dubai: The Kuwaiti firm which has seven truck drivers held hostage in Iraq has decided to halt operations in the troubled country, bowing to the kidnappers #39; condition for their release, it said Friday.
Key warlords join Somali cabinet Powerful warlord Hussein Aideed is named as Somalia's deputy prime minister to complete the cabinet line-up.
Microsoft won't ship WinFS with Longhorn Microsoft today announced a significant change in plans for the next major release of Windows, code-named Longhorn. The new WinFS storage subsystem will not be part of it, as had been previously planned.
QLT #39;s stock falls as US.panel reviews rival drug Shares of QLT Inc. (QLT.TO: Quote, Profile, Research) (QLTI.O: Quote, Profile, Research) dropped 8 percent on Friday as investors waited for the outcome of a review of a rival drug 
Markets Cap Winning Week With More Gains All the major stock indexes were up Friday as investors continue to react favorably to a drop in oil prices and better-than-expected economic index reports.
HP Releases its Version of the iPod HP today announced that it will be taking pre-orders for the company #39;s branded version of Apple #39;s uber-popular iPod digital music player.
Microsoft Commits to 2006 Target for Next Windows The next version of the Windows operating system, Microsoft Corp. #39;s (MSFT.O: Quote, Profile, Research) flagship product, will ship in 2006, the world #39;s largest software maker said on Friday.
O #39;Connor #39;s first gold for Ireland Cian O #39;Connor has claimed Ireland #39;s first ever equestrian Olympic medal by winning the individual show jumping gold in Athens as rivals ahead of him faltered.
Harland salvages medal from wreckage Britain #39;S Georgina Harland salvaged a precious bronze from the wreckage of a terrible start in the modern pentathlon here yesterday.
Eritrean Deportees Surrender After Hijacking, Diverting Plane To &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; A group of Eritreans being deported from Libya hijacked their aircraft and diverted it to Sudan earlier Friday, before surrendering to authorities.
Dead bodies found in Najaf court At least 25 charred and bloated bodies were discovered today in the basement of a religious court set up by rebel cleric Moqtada al-Sadr in Najaf, but confusion reigns over how they died and why.
News: Website offers Caller I.D. falsification service Not just for phone hackers anymore, a California entrepreneur hopes to sell bill collectors and private investigators on the virtues of spoofing.\
Iraqi Rebels Leave Najaf Shrine, Hand in Weapons  NAJAF, Iraq (Reuters) - Shi'ite fighters left the Imam Ali  Mosque in Najaf Friday and began turning in their weapons,  after tens of thousands of pilgrims celebrated a peace  agreement that ended a bloody rebellion.
Boeing Gets \$891 Mln Air Force C-17 Deal  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Boeing Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=BA.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;BA.N&lt;/A&gt; has been awarded  an \$891.6 million U.S. Air Force contract modification for  continued maintenance of the C-17 Globemaster III transport  fleet, the Pentagon said Friday.
NYSE Seat Prices Hit 8-Year Low  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The price of a seat on the New York  Stock Exchange fell to its lowest level since 1996, the latest  sign that a shift toward electronic trading and possible  regulatory change is undermining investors' confidence in the  exchange's open-auction system of trade.
Battling Paradorn Reaches Long Island Semifinals  COMMACK, New York (Reuters) - Defending champion Paradorn  Srichaphan withstood a barrage of huge hitting to beat Swede  Joachim Johansson 3-6, 7-6, 6-3 and reach the semifinals of the  Long Island Cup Friday.
Kashmir women's bill voted out Indian-administered Kashmir's state assembly rejects a bill affecting Kashmiri women who marry non-Kashmiri men.
Struggling Rams on Deck Patrick Ramsey will start tonight when the Redskins face the Rams, a team looking to rebound from a 24-7 loss Monday at Kansas City.
Botched Relay Leaves Jones 0-For-Athens ATHENS, Greece - A botched relay handoff doomed Marion Jones' chances of winning even a single medal at the Athens Olympics, a disastrous ending to her summer of turmoil and disappointment. Hoping to win a pair of golds Friday, Jones was shut out instead...
Actor Stewart Recovers From Angioplasty LOS ANGELES - "X-Men" star Patrick Stewart is recovering at home after undergoing an angioplasty procedure earlier this week to widen an artery, his publicist said Friday.    Angioplasty involves the use of catheters to place a small balloon in a narrowed blood channel...
GOP Want Bush to Turn Attention From Iraq NEW YORK - Nervous Republicans are urging President Bush to unveil a robust second-term agenda at his convention next week to shift voters' focus from the unpopular war in Iraq and other issues that are a distraction to his re-election drive. Some contend the party should ditch the GOP-fueled controversy over rival John Kerry's combat record in Vietnam...
Microsoft Commits to 2006 Target for Next Windows  SEATTLE (Reuters) - The next version of the Windows  operating system, Microsoft Corp.'s &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=MSFT.O qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;MSFT.O&lt;/A&gt; flagship product,  will ship in 2006, the world's largest software maker said on  Friday.
TiVo 2nd-Qtr Loss Widens, Subscribers Up Digital video recorder maker TiVo Inc. on Thursday said it recorded a wider fiscal second-quarter net loss despite a sharp growth in subscribers, as it increased spending in hopes of accelerating the growth.
Will Russia #39;s oil help fuel Asia #39;s economies? AS OIL prices hovered near record levels, United States President George W. Bush welcomed a personal assurance this week from his Russian counterpart Vladimir Putin that Russia would 
Pharmacies claim conspiracy on prices Nineteen California pharmacies filed a lawsuit in state court yesterday accusing the world #39;s largest pharmaceutical companies of conspiring to inflate US drug prices.
US Furious at Proposal That Hamm Return His Gold US Olympic chiefs reacted furiously Friday to a suggestion gold medallist Paul Hamm should give his medal to a South Korean rival under a plan floated by world gymnastics officials.
Iraq #39;s loss overshadowed by Italy #39;s IRAQ #39;S dreams of winning only its second Olympic medal were shattered this morning when Italy beat them in the men #39;s football bronze medal play-off, overshadowed by the killing of an Italian hostage yesterday.
OLYMPICS: Former USC athlete takes silver in Men #39;s 100-meter &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Liu Xiang of China tied the 100-meter hurdles world record and set a new Olympic mark Friday, winning the gold medal in 12.91 seconds.
Auteur Zhang ready for Athens surprise show  quot;The world gave me eight minutes, and I will give the world a surprise, quot; said Chinese director Zhang Yimou, who is gearing up for a show at the closing ceremony of the Athens Olympics.
The five points of the Najaf peace agreement NAJAF: Rebel cleric Moqtada Sadr and his Mehdi Army were preparing to hand over the keys to the Imam Ali shrine on Friday after Sadr agreed a peace initiative by Iraqs top Shiite cleric, Grand Ayatollah Ali al-Sistani, to end fierce fighting in the 
Musharraf ally elected as new Pakistan PM ISLAMABAD - Pakistan #39;s Parliament elected former Finance Minister Shaukat Aziz as Prime Minister yesterday amid an opposition boycott of the vote.
Developers react to Longhorn delay It's a mixed bag, with some welcoming the early arrival of key features and others unhappy with the fragmenting of Windows.
Intel #39;s  #39;BTX #39; Motherboard Debuts on Gateway #39;s PC Intel #39;s (Quote, Chart) next-generation motherboard design has made its debut in a new Gateway (Quote, Chart) desktop, the company said today.
Experts Welcome, But Doubt, Bush Climate Softening Environmental experts Friday welcomed a hint of a softening in US skepticism about global warming but saw little chance President Bush might 
Gold in a flash DID you see Felix Sanchez blinking like a Christmas tree as he efficiently paced himself round the track to win the 400 metres hurdles at the Olympic Games yesterday morning?
Seventh heaven in Spa for Schumi? Victory in tomorrow #39;s Belgium #39;s Grand Prix would not only seal a seventh world title, it would also be his seventh win at Spa in Ferrari #39;s 700th race.
U.S. Urges Venezuela to Ease Rhetoric (AP) AP - The State Department's second-ranking official said Friday the future of U.S. relations with Venezuela could hinge on whether that country tones down its anti-American rhetoric.
Ottawa has money for national drug program, provincial finance ministers say (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - TORONTO (CP) - Ottawa has the money to set up and pay for a national pharmacare program despite its insistence to the contrary, provincial finance ministers said Friday.
Gymnastics Group Asks Hamm to Give Up Gold Gymnastics officials asked Paul Hamm to give up his gold medal as the ultimate show of sportsmanship, but the U.S.O.C. told them to take responsibility for their own mistakes.
Smarty Jones Casts Shadow Over Field Smarty Jones has been retired to stud in Kentucky, but his presence is felt among the other top 3-year-old thoroughbreds still racing.
IDC: Server market hits \$11.5 billion Fuelled by strong sales of Windows and Linux systems, the worldwide server market grew to \$11.5 billion during the second quarter of 2004, according to numbers released Friday by industry research company IDC. Server shipment revenue was up 6.9 percent from last year's second quarter, and the total number of servers shipped jumped 21 percent during that same period, IDC said.
NYSE Seat Prices Hit 8-Year Low The price of a seat on the New York Stock Exchange fell to its lowest level since 1996, the latest sign that a shift toward electronic trading and possible regulatory change 
Quick results unlikely from mad cow meeting but Ottawa hints at &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; OTTAWA (CP) - Manhattan and mad cow may seem an unlikely combination but Agriculture Minister Andy Mitchell will be mixing the two Saturday when he travels to New York City to meet his American counterpart to lobby for an end to the costly mad cow crisis.
Developers react to Longhorn delay Developers had mixed reactions to Microsoft #39;s revamped Longhorn plans Friday, with some unhappy to see the Windows update split into pieces but others pleased with what they see as a more pragmatic approach.
What a nightmare: US men fall to Argentina Athens, Greece (Sports Network) - Argentina snapped a 58-game winning streak by the United States two years ago at the World Championships.
Congressman says he may hold hearings on Hamm case WASHINGTON - The chairman of the House Judiciary Committee said Friday he may hold hearings on how US and international gymnastic officials handled the case of Paul Hamm #39;s Olympic gold medal.
Clean heels, clean sweep in 200m THE Americans have done it again. Just two days after making a clean medal sweep in the men #39;s 400 metres, Shawn Crawford, Bernard Williams and Justin Gatlin clinched 1-2-3 placings in the 200m.
Hockey: Australia win first men #39;s gold ATHENS - Australia won the Olympic men #39;s hockey title for the first time in history on Friday, beating defending champions the Netherlands 2-1 with a golden goal.
Annus asked to give sample or lose gold Hungarian Olympic hammer gold medallist Adrian Annus must give a fresh urine sample to the IOC by 1400 GMT on Friday or lose his gold medal, a report said.
New Pakistani PM elected despite boycott Pakistan #39;s Parliament has rubber-stamped the President #39;s choice of Prime Minister, Shaukat Aziz, despite an opposition boycott and angry protests.
'Dream Team' Out of Gold Race After Loss to Argentina  ATHENS (Reuters) - United States failed to reach the men's  basketball final for the first time in 16 years and Italy  shocked previously unbeaten Lithuania Friday to set up an  Olympic gold medal game that nobody expected.
FBI Suspects Israel Has Spy in Pentagon -- CBS News  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The FBI believes there is an Israeli  spy at the very highest level of the Pentagon, CBS News  reported on Friday. The Israeli embassy immediately denied the  report.
Microsoft lays out Windows timing Microsoft vows to release the next version of Windows by the end of 2006 - but  without some key components.
Dollar Tumbles to Record Low Against Euro  LONDON (Reuters) - The dollar tumbled to a record low  against the euro on Tuesday after a warning by euro zone  officials on the euro's rise fell on deaf ears, with investors  determined to dump the U.S. currency.
Oil Price Down 8 for Week; Decline Seen in Speculation The price of crude oil dropped almost 8 percent this week, its biggest weekly decline since April 2003.
Harrah's, Caesars: FTC Asks for More Info  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Federal regulators have asked for  more information about casino operator Harrah's Entertainment  Inc.'s &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=HET.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;HET.N&lt;/A&gt; proposed \$5 billion acquisition of Caesars  Entertainment Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=CZR.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;CZR.N&lt;/A&gt;, the two companies said on Friday.
Cable Veterans to Bid in Adelphia Auction  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Several cable industry pioneers may  bid for parts of bankrupt cable operator Adelphia  Communications Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=ADELQ.PK target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;ADELQ.PK&lt;/A&gt;, joining a list of competitors  that could include Time Warner Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=TWX.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;TWX.N&lt;/A&gt; and Comcast Corp.   &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=CMCSA.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;CMCSA.O&lt;/A&gt;, sources close to the situation said on Friday.
Group of Cities, Counties Sues Microsoft  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - A group of California cities and  counties on Friday filed a class action lawsuit against  Microsoft Corp.&lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MSFT.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;MSFT.O&lt;/A&gt;, saying that the world's largest  software maker overcharged government agencies for software.
US economic growth cools to 2.8 percent pace in second quarter WASHINGTON : The US economy braked harder than first thought in the second quarter, posting a tepid 2.8 percent annual growth rate as consumers gripped their purses, a government report showed.
Conoco leads race for 25 in Lukoil MOSCOW: Us oil major ConocoPhillips is seeking to buy up to 25 in Russian oil giant Lukoil to add billions of barrels of reserves to its books, an industry source familiar with the matter said on Friday.
Travelzoo Breaks Out Like a loose tiger, shares of Travelzoo (TZOO:Nasdaq - news - research), an online travel service with 7 million subscribers, are running amok.
Microsoft #39;s One-Two Punch: Longhorn in 2006, WinFS Later Microsoft promises -- in 2006. The market expected the new desktop operating system in 2004, but the company was distracted with security concerns as it marshaled its forces to finish the Windows XP Service Pack 2.
SBC, Sprint Strike Roaming Accord SBC Communications Inc. and Sprint Corp. today announced a roaming agreement that will provide Sprints customers access to approximately 2,300 wireless Internet hotspots at airports, hotels and other venues operated by SBC.
Repairs to shuttle hole not possible in orbit: NASA CAPE CANAVERAL, FLA. - Astronauts in space will not be able to repair a hole the size of the one that doomed the space shuttle Columbia, NASA officials say.
Cell Phone Defect Could Cause Hearing Damage Siemens on Thursday warned users of its 65 series cell phones that a bug in the devices #39; software could cause hearing damage. The problem affects Siemens #39; C65, CX65, M65, S65, and SL65 as well the CV65, CT65, CXV65, and CXT65, the company said.
Greek protestors rally against Powell at Games ATHENS : Nearly 700 demonstrators rallied in central Athens to protest at the arrival of US Secretary of State Colin Powell, who is due to attend the Olympic Games #39; closing ceremony at the weekend.
Weightlifter and runner fail tests The Hungarian weightlifter Ferenc Gyurkovics has failed a drugs test and risks losing his Olympic silver medal, a national Olympic committee spokesman said yesterday, while the Russian 400m 
One American left as Ward boxes into final round  quot;I wanted him to stay outside, quot; US boxing coach Basheer Abdullah would say later,  quot;and use his speed. quot;. But when it mattered most Friday night - in the closing seconds of the Olympic light-heavyweight 
Terrorists suspected of destroying Russian planes Russian officials are checking the identity of two female passengers in their investigiation into almost simultaneous plane crashes earlier this week.
Musharraf #39;s choice elected as new PM Pakistan #39;s parliament elected Shaukat Aziz as its new Prime Minister yesterday. President General Pervez Musharraf named Mr Aziz as his choice as head of government, after his relationship 
Radcliffe to run in 10,000 final Paula Radcliffe will run in tonight #39;s 10,000 metres final at the Olympic games in Athens. The decision was announced at 11:30am in Athens, barely 10 hours before the race which begins at 9:50pm (7:50pm Irish time).
Montgomerie makes case for Ryder Cup with 67 Two-time US Open champion Retief Goosen grabbed the first-round lead in the BMW Open at 6-under-par 66, and Colin Montgomerie boosted his Ryder Cup chances by finishing a stroke back on Thursday.
Mack sets Olympic record in 1-2 US finish Pole vaulters are an odd bunch -- friends and fierce competitors who perform gymnastics atop a pole 19 feet above the ground. Right now, no one is doing it better than Americans Tim 
Court Tosses VeriSign Suit Vs. Overseers (AP) AP - A federal judge on Friday dismissed an antitrust complaint against a key Internet oversight group brought by a company that controls directories for guiding Internet users worldwide.
California Cities, Counties Sue Microsoft (AP) AP - Several California cities and counties, including San Francisco and Los Angeles, sued Microsoft Corp. on Friday, accusing the software giant of illegally charging inflated prices for its products because of monopoly control of the personal computer operating system market.
Group of Cities, Counties Sues Microsoft (Reuters) Reuters - A group of California cities and\counties on Friday filed a class action lawsuit against\Microsoft Corp.(MSFT.O), saying that the world's largest\software maker overcharged government agencies for software.
Hurricane Frances Grows Quickly in Atlantic (Reuters) Reuters - Hurricane Frances gained strength and\became a major hurricane with 115 mph winds in the Atlantic on\Friday as it took a path that should carry it north of the\vulnerable northeastern Caribbean islands early next week.
Rookie Johnson Joins Funk in Buick Lead  CROMWELL, Connecticut (Reuters) - Rookie Zach Johnson  produced the day's joint best score, a five-under-par 65, to  join Fred Funk at the top of the leaderboard after the second  round of the \$4.2 million Buick Championship Friday.
Bush Signs Orders to Reform Intelligence WASHINGTON - President Bush on Friday signed executive orders designed to strengthen the CIA director's power over the nation's intelligence agencies and create a national counterterrorism center, responding to election-year pressures to enact changes called for by the Sept. 11 commission...
Oil prices firm after week of decline World oil prices have firmed after a five-session drop after a tentative cease-fire took hold in the Iraqi city of Najaf. New York #39;s main contract, light sweet crude for October delivery, rose eight cents to \$US43.
US Airways #39; Pilots Union to Resume Talks With Airline S Airways #39; pilots union said tonight that it would resume talks with the struggling airline, which is urging its unions to grant \$800 million in cuts to save it from another bankruptcy filing.
Sprint, SBC sign Wi-Fi roaming pact OVERLAND PARK, Kan.Sprint Corp. and SBC Communications Inc. announced they have entered a reciprocal Wi-Fi roaming agreement. Through the partnerships, the carriers customers will be able to access each 
Gateway Launches First  #39;BTX #39; Desktop PC Employing the latest in PC technology, the Gateway 700GR is designed on Intel #39;s highly anticipated BTX architecture, which aligns key components in a central wind tunnel.
Police Confirm Pipe Bomb Blast at Stem-Cell Lab An explosion that blew out a number of windows at a Boston-area laboratory specializing in stem-cell research was caused by a pipe bomb, local police said on Friday.
Regulator: British Broadband Prices Still Too High Britain #39;s broadband access charges are still too high and need to be slashed further to bring them in line with other nations, the UK #39;s media and telecoms regulator said Thursday.
Ryder Cup hopefuls boost chances Munich: Ryder Cup wild card favourites Colin Montgomerie and Luke Donald inspired each other to challenge strongly in the first round of the BMW International Open yesterday.
Coup plot conviction increases the pressure on Mark Thatcher A ZIMBABWE court yesterday convicted Briton Simon Mann, a former SAS and Scots Guards officer, of attempting to buy weapons for an attempted coup in the oil-rich West African state of Equatorial Guinea.
Suicide bombs and rebel attacks as disillusioned Chechnya votes THEIR previous leader was assassinated in a bomb blast, scores of their fellow countrymen have been killed this month and yesterday it was confirmed that terrorist explosives were responsible for downing a civilian aircraft last week.
Eighteen hurt in twin blasts in Maharashtra At least eighteen people were injured today in two separate bomb blasts in quick succession at places of worship of minority community in Jalna and Poorna towns in Maharashtra, prompting the authorities to clamp curfew in Jalna.
NASA and Boeing Push for Flying Cars It's a frustrated commuter's escapist fantasy: literally lifting your car out of a clogged highway and soaring through the skies, landing just in time to motor into your driveway. NASA and Boeing are planning to make this fantasy a reality.
Panel Says Americans Need To Eat More Fiber Not just any bread will do: Americans need more fiber, and whole wheat is better than white bread for getting it, a panel of scientists and doctors said Friday. The federal advisory panel was offering its final recommendations for making the government's food pyramid a better guide to proper eating.
Cooler Summers Create Bigger Spiders By LISA SCHENCKER     CHICAGO (AP) -- Midwestern spiders always get big as they prepare to lay eggs, but this year they're even fatter thanks to a cool, wet summer that sustained their favorite snack - insects.    "Right now they're eating like kings," said Field Museum entomologist Petra Sierwald...
Catastrophic Tokyo Quake Expected Within 50 Years By KOZO MIZOGUCHI    TOKYO (AP) -- Japan's capital has a 90 percent chance of being devastated by a major earthquake some time in the next 50 years, according to a study by a government panel.    The study, released earlier this week, marked the latest attempt by scientists to address one of this quake-prone country's most pressing concerns: when the next "Big One" would level one of the world's most densely populated cities...
Briefly: Phone defect could affect hearing roundup Plus: OSDL hires lawyer, opens China office...Ex-Palm CEO Yankowski to head Majesco...Oracle gives PeopleSoft shareholders more time.
California sues Microsoft for antitrust...again Five California counties and two cities sue the software giant under state antitrust laws, for taking advantage of government buyers.
California considers open-source shift Proposed changes in state procurement policies would favor Linux and its offshoots.\
Phone defect could affect hearing Blaring disconnection melody in some Siemens phones could potentially cause ear damage.
Technology Playing Role in Republican Convention Protests Activists are using the Internet to arrange housing for out-of-towners during the Republican National Convention in NYC, organize a mass-flash of underwear emblazoned with anti-Bush messages and tell protesters what to say if they're arrested ("I am going to remain silent. I would like to speak with a lawyer.").
Microsoft to Release Next Version of Windows in 2006 By ALLISON LINN    SEATTLE (AP) -- Microsoft Corp. (MSFT) will drop a much-touted new technology for organizing and storing data when it releases the next version of its Windows operating system as expected in 2006...
Court Tosses VeriSign Suit Vs. Internet Overseers LOS ANGELES (AP) -- A federal judge on Friday dismissed an antitrust complaint against a key Internet oversight group brought by a company that controls directories for guiding Internet users worldwide.    U.S...
E-Mail Voting Prompts Security Concerns By KELLY WIESE    JEFFERSON CITY, Mo. (AP) -- Missouri will allow members of the military stationed overseas to return absentee ballots via e-mail, raising concerns from Internet security experts about fraud and ballot secrecy...
HP Moves Deeper Into Consumer Electronics Business By MAY WONG    SAN JOSE, Calif. (AP) -- Personal computer giant Hewlett-Packard Co...
Funk, Johnson Lead Buick Championship (AP) AP - Fred Funk and tour rookie Zach Johnson had near perfect outings Friday to share a one-stroke lead in the Buick Championship after two rounds.
US Air, Pilots to Reopen Concession Talks  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - US Airways Group Inc.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=UAIR.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;UAIR.O&lt;/A&gt; and  its pilots union agreed late on Friday to reopen concession  talks after leaders of the labor group declined to endorse a  plan proposed by management for nearly \$300 million in  givebacks, both sides said.
Oracle and IBM move BPEL to the BPI forefront Breaking down business processes into Web services components was the easy part. Weaving them together into manageable, useful services has proved more ambitious.
Virtual offices will reverse years of isolation IT is undergoing the kind of cultural evolution that companies endured when they first pushed computing technology out to the bulk of their workforces.
US Air, Pilots to Reopen Concession Talks US Airways (UAIR.O: Quote, Profile, Research) and its pilots union agreed to reopen concession talks late on Friday after leaders of the labor group declined to endorse a plan proposed by management for nearly \$300 million in 
DOJ Gets Tough on Cybercrime US Department of Justice said law-enforcement agencies have arrested or convicted more than 150 individuals in a broad initiative against cybercrime.
Clearing The Path For Longhorn Microsoft (Quote, Chart) had little choice but to cut features from Longhorn, its next-generation operating system, analysts and developers say.
Hewlett Packard gets new mp3 players...iPod style One of the biggest talked about items around the consumer electronics world was an announcement earlier this year that computer giant Hewlett Packard would be partnering with Apple to put out an HP-branded iPod.
Radcliffe breaks down again This one lacked the pathos of Sunday #39;s marathon but it was another sad and bewildering early departure for Paula Radcliffe, who managed only 16 circuits in the 25-lap women #39;s 10,000 metres 
Ward represents US boxing team #39;s lone chance for gold The underperforming US boxing team lost one of its two Andres Friday when middleweight Dirrell lost his semifinal bout to Kazakhstan #39;s Gennadiy Golovkin, falling out on points, 23-18.
Flying start for Raikkonen McLaren ace the fastest in practice SPA-FRANCORCHAMPS (Belgium): McLaren #39;s Kimi Raikkonen and BAR-Honda #39;s Jenson Button upstaged Michael Schumacher in yesterdays practice for the Belgian Grand Prix.
Jury lines up for Kobe Bryant rape trial More than a year after allegations of rape levelled at basketball star Kobe Bryant shocked the world of sport and set in motion a circus of claim and counterclaim, the first wave of jury selection began yesterday.
Roma coach steps down, Voller eyes job ROME: Cesare Prandelli has stepped down as coach of Italian top flight side AS Roma, according to reports here yesterday which also said that former Germany coach Rudi Voller is ready to step in.
Defending champ Srichaphan advances Two-time defending champion Paradorn Srichaphan rallied for a 3-6, 7-6 (3), 6-3 victory over Joachim Johansson Friday to reach the semifinals of the TD Waterhouse Cup.
Mann faces 10 years jail over coup attempt linked to Mark Thatcher Simon Mann, the leader of the failed Equatorial Guinea coup attempt that led to the arrest of Sir Mark Thatcher, was last night facing up to 10 years in jail after being found guilty of attempting to possess dangerous weapons by a court in Zimbabwe.
Paris reiterates its support for Turkey #39;s entry into EU French President Jacques Chirac reiterated Friday its support for Turkish membership for the European Union (EU). Chirac noted that  quot;in any case, we should take all the necessary 
California sues Microsoft for antitrust--again Five California counties and two cities sue the software giant under state antitrust laws, for taking advantage of government buyers.
HP cues iPod in big product push Hewlett-Packard brands its own version of Apple's music player and introduces a line of consumer products.
Study finds Korean students best at solving problems Korean students topped a problem-solving literacy among 40 countries, breaking a traditional image that they focus on memorizing and lack reasoning capabilities, a major international survey released yesterday showed.
Fed chief warns of  #39;painful #39; decisions WASHINGTON - The nation will face  quot;abrupt and painful quot; consequences unless the government moves quickly to fix the finances of Social Security and Medicare, Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan said Friday.
Arkansas Could Receive \$337,500 in Securities Settlement The state #39;s securities commissioner says a settlement between securities regulators and two firms likely means \$337,500 for Arkansas.
BELGIUM/BRAZIL:  #39;InBev #39; gets shareholder support Shareholders of Interbrew and AmBev today voted in favour of the two companies merger. AmBevs shareholders also voted in favour of a capital increase and the incorporation of Canadian brewer Labatt at 
HP to start selling its iPod Hewlett-Packard said Friday that it would start selling its version of the iPod digital music player next month and would unveil flat-panel televisions, media-enhanced computers and photo printers.
UN report on N.Korea environment says outlook tough North Korea #39;s environment faces a stark future unless urgent action is taken, the United Nations said on Friday in a first report on the communist state #39;s environment compiled with unprecedented help from Pyongyang.
Thousands of Call Center Jobs To Go Overseas Once thriving, call centers now are shrinking, a trend that could threaten thousands of jobs. Because of lower wages overseas, technological advances and new do-not-call regulations, call 
Men #39;s Tennis: 4 Seeded Players Advance at TD Waterhouse Cup &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Four seeded players came out winners as first round play continued at the TD Waterhouse Cup men #39;s tennis tournament in New York Tuesday.
Argentina Completes Dream Team's Downfall (AP) AP - Bronze is the best the American men can do in basketball, and the reason is simple: A hastily assembled assortment of NBA stars couldn't beat a better team  #151; Argentina. Manu Ginobili scored 29 points to lead his nation to another victory over the country that used to dominate the sport, an 89-81 win in the Olympic semifinals Friday night.
Microsoft Sets 2006 Target for Next Windows Version (Reuters) Reuters - Microsoft Corp. (MSFT.O) said on Friday\it will ship the next version of Windows in 2006, but  scaled\back plans to include a new system for finding and storing\information in its flagship operating system.
FBI Suspects Israeli Spy at Pentagon -- Govt Sources (Reuters) Reuters - The FBI is investigating whether\Israel had a spy at the highest level at the Pentagon who\obtained classified documents about Iran for the Jewish state,\U.S. government sources told Reuters on Friday.
Russia Blames Terrorism for Downed Plane (AP) AP - Russian officials said Friday they detected traces of a high explosive in the wreckage of one of two crashed jetliners, branding it the work of terrorists, while an Islamic group claimed its suicide attackers brought down both planes because of the war in Chechnya.
Palmeiro Not Bitter Back in Texas (AP) AP - Rafael Palmeiro didn't return to Texas a bitter man. There are too many good memories at the place he called home the past five seasons, and where he hit his 500th homer last year.
Iraq Militants Leave Shrine in Peace Deal (AP) AP - Militants filed out of the Imam Ali Shrine, closed the doors behind them and turned over the keys to Iraq's top Shiite cleric Friday, symbolizing their acceptance of a peace deal to end three weeks of devastating fighting in this holy city.
Serena Says She's 90 to 95 Percent Back (AP) AP - The first thing you notice is the scar. It's a jagged 2-inch line running just above Serena Williams' left knee, a reminder of the surgery that sidelined her for the last half of 2003 and the start of this season.
Troops capture 34 Iraqis; three Iraqi Guardsmen killed by roadside &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; US troops have captured 34 Iraqis, including 10 wanted for making explosive devices to attack coalition forces, the military said Tuesday.
GOP Wants Bush to Draw Attention Off Iraq NEW YORK - Nervous Republicans are urging President Bush to unveil a robust second-term agenda at his convention next week to shift voters' focus from the unpopular war in Iraq and other issues that are a distraction to his re-election drive. Some contend the party should ditch the GOP-fueled controversy over rival John Kerry's combat record in Vietnam...
Microsoft Sets 2006 Target for Next Windows Version  SEATTLE (Reuters) - Microsoft Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=MSFT.O qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;MSFT.O&lt;/A&gt; said on Friday  it will ship the next version of Windows in 2006, but  scaled  back plans to include a new system for finding and storing  information in its flagship operating system.
Northwest charges for in-person, phone ticket bookings CHICAGO : Controversial new Northwest Airlines fees for tickets booked by telephone or in person at airport counters went into force.
Also from this section When four years ago Ian Schrager opened the Sanderson, his latest venture in ultra-hip hotels with chic interiors, eye-watering prices and a clientele to match, he declared:  quot;London is hot right now.
Sounds Like (Real) Desperation It #39;s hard to have sympathy for RealNetworks (Quote, Chart), and believe me, as a paying customer, I #39;m really trying. The company is spending -- and losing -- a lot of money to spruce up its image with consumers.
HP brand to inject new life into ink Hewlett-Packard #39;s new  quot;Vivera quot; brand name for ink products could make a good impression in customers #39; minds, according to analysts.
Explosives found in Russian crash MOSCOW Russia #39;s security service announced Friday that investigators had found traces of explosives in the wreckage of one of the two passenger airliners that crashed almost simultaneously on Tuesday, and declared its downing a terrorist act.
Spotlight fails to focus on Palestine hunger strike BETHLEHEM Several thousand Palestinian prisoners in Israeli jails were on their 13th day of a hunger strike on Friday, but the Israeli government has provided few concessions and there has been relatively little interest from the outside world.
Singapore #39;s moment Singapore is rich, but seldom envied. Outsiders have long viewed the gleaming city-state that attained its independence in 1965 as a tidy but soulless place, the nanny state that banned chewing gum.
Microsoft tackles AMD conflict in SP2 Microsoft says SP2 may not work on computers powered by chipmaker's 64-bit processors under certain circumstances.
Trilog eases Domino to Java transition Trilog Group this week rolled out an integrated J2EE  development framework designed to let IBM Lotus Notes developers use their existing skills for J2EE development projects.
US Air, Pilots to Reopen Concession Talks US Airways Group Inc. (UAIR.O: Quote, Profile, Research) and its pilots union agreed late on Friday to reopen concession talks after leaders of the labor group declined 
Panel Supportive of Pfizer, Eyetech Eye Drug An experimental drug developed by Eyetech Pharmaceuticals Inc. and Pfizer Inc. for preserving vision in the elderly received a generally positive review from a US advisory panel on Friday.
A dynasty shattered ATHENS Larry Brown, the US coach, leaned back against the scorer #39;s table, searching for support on a sinking ship. His best player, Tim Duncan, had just fouled out, and the options for an American team that 
Harland leaves 11 rivals trailing to clinch bronze medal There is no sport like modern pentathlon for encouraging speculative hindsight. What might have happened if Georgina Harland had shot a little more accurately?
Italy Hostage Death in Iraq Stuns Nation (AP) AP - Recalling the horror the nation felt when its first hostage was killed in Iraq, word that a second Italian hostage was slain brought condemnation from the pope Friday and fueled debate over Italy's role in the war-torn country.
Pakistan Parliament Elects Prime Minister (AP) AP - Pakistan's parliament elected former finance minister Shaukat Aziz, a close ally of President Gen. Pervez Musharraf, as prime minister on Friday after the opposition boycotted the vote, saying it was undemocratic.
Montreal stepfather charged with sexually assaulting 10-year-old girl (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - MONTREAL (CP) - A 37-year-old man was formally charged Friday with sexually assaulting his new wife's 10-year-old daughter.
Jones Fails to Win Medal in Long Jump or Relay ATHENS, Greece (AP) -- A botched relay handoff doomed Marion Jones' chances of winning even a single medal at the Athens Olympics, a disastrous ending to her summer of turmoil and disappointment. Hoping to win a pair of golds Friday, Jones was shut out instead. An hour after she finished fifth in the long jump, Jones was unable to make the handoff in the 400-meter relay when Lauryn Williams left too early.
Potential Bryant Jurors Arrive at Trial (AP) AP - Kobe Bryant's trial began Friday with 300 prospective jurors arriving at the county courthouse to fill out questionnaires, the first step toward choosing 12 people who will decide whether the NBA star is guilty of rape.
Microsoft to Release Next Windows in '06 (AP) AP - Microsoft Corp. will drop a much-touted new technology for organizing and storing data when it releases the next version of its Windows operating system as expected in 2006.
Mets Sign Cuban Defector Alay Soler (AP) AP - The New York Mets signed Cuban defector Alay Soler on Friday, giving the pitcher a three-year deal worth  #36;2.8 million.
Calif. Revives Marine Sanctuary Proposal (AP) AP - State wildlife officials announced plans Friday to revive a program to create marine reserves along California's 1,100-mile coast.
Scientists: Salmon Hatchery Policy Flawed (AP) AP - The proposed new federal policy for salmon hatcheries is based on a flawed reading of the Endangered Species Act, hindering efforts to restore wild salmon runs with hatchery fish, scientists say.
A Shorter Longhorn for Microsoft The signs of trouble surrounding Microsoft #39;s massive Longhorn development project have been building for months. But on Aug. 27 the software giant bowed to the inevitable.
Just let it drop You know your sport #39;s federation has some problems when it makes figure skating look fair and impartial. The International Federation of Gymnastics (FIG), unable to recognize 
Prandelli Cedes Roma Reins Cesare Prandelli has become the second manager to leave a major European side this summer without coaching a single competitive match, quitting his new AS Roma post to care for his ailing wife.
McGill breaks records in Kutztown Kutztown, PA (Sports Network) - Jill McGill fired an eight-under 64 on Friday to post a 14-under-par 130 and take a four-shot lead midway through the Wachovia LPGA Classic.
HP iPod clone: out today p2pnet.net News:- In the ludicrous war for a share of the insignificant corporate online music business, HP is firmly in the Apple trenches.
Kenteris was disrespectful to athletes Thursday night #39;s 200 metres final started with a disgraceful display by some of the Greek fans in the stadium in response to the absence of their local favourite and defending champion, Kostas Kenteris.
Sharapova signals intent for US Open If Maria Sharapova wins the US Open, which starts at Flushing Meadows on Monday, she will at least be assured of having a mobile phone that works.
Friday #39;s Golf Capsules Fred Funk and tour rookie Zach Johnson had near perfect outings Friday to share a one-stroke lead in the Buick Championship after two rounds.
Economy More Sluggish Than First Thought (AP) AP - Weighed down by high energy prices, the economy was even more sluggish than initially believed during the second quarter. But Federal Reserve policy-makers believe the pace will pick up in coming months, something President Bush is counting on as the election approaches.
Gwynn's No. 19 to Be Retired by Padres (AP) AP - Tony Gwynn will have his number retired by the San Diego Padres on Sept. 4.
HP-Apple Partnership Yields New IPod (AP) AP - Hewlett-Packard Co. unveiled its own version of the iPod portable music player Friday, showing the fruits of a groundbreaking partnership it had previously announced with Apple Computer Inc.
Employers Kicking In More To 401(k)s (Investor's Business Daily) Investor's Business Daily - Fueled by the ongoing economic rally, businesses are boosting their contributions to 401(k) plans.
Olympics Wrap: Bad Day for U.S., New Dawn for China  ATHENS (Reuters) - The United States suffered their worst  day of the Athens Olympics on Friday when a tearful Marion  Jones flopped, their basketball "Dream Team" were humiliated  and they captured only one of the 20 golds on offer.
Sponsors to Return to Masters Next Year Augusta National Golf Club will restore commercials to the Masters next year, lifting the ban on advertising it imposed in 2003.
Oil prices climb as fears over Iraq turmoil loom LONDON: World oil prices rose yesterday on concerns over the possibility of further unrest in major producer Iraq despite a ceasefire in Najaf, where fighting has raged for weeks, traders said.
No gold for US after 89-81 loss to Argentina This would be the loss to finally confirm -fter considerable evidence had strongly suggested it  -t the best American players just can #39;t cut it worldwide on their ability to dunk anymore.
Focus brings US vaulters gold and silver  quot;When I vault, I don #39;t think about winning and I don #39;t think about losing, quot; Mack said.  quot;I just think about two things: the bar and using my arms.
McGill takes 4-shot lead in Wachovia Jill McGill fired an eight-under 64 Friday for a tournament record 14-under 130 and a four-shot lead midway through the Wachovia LPGA Classic.
Payments for retirees  #39;will strain US economy #39; WASHINGTON: An ageing US population will strain public finances and hurt the economy without swift fixes to the social safety net, such as raising the age for full retirement benefits, Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan said yesterday.
Longhorn Due in 2006 - It #39;s Official Microsoft has set 2006 for the official launch of its Longhorn operating system, which will debut without several of the features originally planned.
Group of Cities, Counties Sues Microsoft A group of California cities and counties on Friday filed a class action lawsuit against Microsoft Corp.(MSFT.O: Quote, Profile, Research) , saying that the world #39;s largest software maker overcharged government agencies for 
Hewitt in form ahead of US Open LONG ISLAND, New York -- Lleyton Hewitt continued his US Open preparations with a 6-1 6-4 win over Michael Llodra en route to the quarterfinals of the ATP Long Island Cup.
MLB: Houston 15, Chicago Cubs 7 Carlos Beltran hit a pair of homers and drove in four to lead Houston to an easy 15-7 win over the Chicago Cubs in a slugfest Friday.
Powell warning WASHINGTON: Militia fighters loyal to radical Shi #39;ite Moqtada Al Sadr have left the Imam Ali shrine and the United States does not want them to recover their strength, US Secretary of State Colin Powell said last night.
Siemens Says Cellphone Flaw May Hurt Users and Its Profit Siemens, the world's fourth-largest maker of mobile phones, said that a flaw that can create a piercing ring in its newest phone models might hurt earnings.
Bush Signs Orders for Intelligence Reform (AP) AP - President Bush on Friday signed executive orders designed to strengthen the CIA director's power over the nation's intelligence agencies and create a national counterterrorism center, responding to election-year pressures to enact changes called for by the Sept. 11 commission.
Warning Anew About Retiree Expectations The chairman of the Federal Reserve Board, Alan Greenspan, warned that the government might have to scale back programs like Social Security and Medicare.
U.S. Growth Pace for 2nd Quarter Is Revised Downward, to 2.8 The economy grew at a 2.8 percent annual rate from April through June, as oil prices limited consumer spending and contributed to a record trade deficit.
Consumers fuel growth The country #39;s economy has accelerated, carried by strong household and government spending, to reach its fastest annual pace in nearly four years, official figures show.
Piercing tone may dent Siemens sales FRANKFURT: German phone maker Siemens could see a dent in its mobile handset sales and may post a loss in the unit after it halted sales of faulty models that have a sharp ringtone sparking fears of hearing damage, it said yesterday.
Truckers decide to withdraw strike New Delhi: The truck operators tonight decided to call off their seven-day-old strike from Saturday after reaching an agreement with the government on the vexed service tax issue.
Next Version of Windows for PC #39;s to Ship in 2006 icrosoft laid out its plan yesterday for shipping the next version of its Windows operating system for personal computers in 2006, but to meet its timetable the company has scaled back its technological ambitions for the product.
MOTOR RACING: I #39;LL BE SIMPLY SECOND BEST JENSON BUTTON last night admitted he #39;d give up chasing personal glory in tomorrow #39;s Belgian Grand Prix for the sake of his team.
Hewitt, Paradorn reach Long Island second round Lleyton Hewitt has defeated Olivier Mutis at the \$US380,000 ATP Long Island event to move within one victory of reaching 50 match wins for the fourth time in five years.
Ratings Win Gold for NBC BC should be FedExing thank you notes to Michael Phelps, Carly Patterson, Natalie Coughlin, Paul Hamm and other American Olympians who have lifted it to the type of strong prime-time ratings 
Sudan accused of sharing bases with militia A human rights group yesterday published a detailed list of the locations of what it claimed were 16 bases in Sudan being used by the Janjaweed militia that is largely responsible for the Darfur crisis.
Hamza police granted more time Detectives have been granted more time to question cleric Abu Hamza on suspicion of being involved in terrorist offences. The Muslim cleric was arrested at Belmarsh prison under the Terrorism Act 2000 on suspicion 
Court Tosses VeriSign Suit Vs. Overseers (AP) AP - A federal judge dismissed an antitrust complaint against a key Internet oversight group brought by a company that controls directories for guiding Internet users worldwide.
Survey: Linux Has Long Way to Go in Retail (Ziff Davis) Ziff Davis - A new study by VDC finds Linux in barely 2 percent of retailers' point-of-sale systems; it also indicates more strength for bar-code systems and more stumbling blocks for RFID.
Group of Cities, Counties Sues Microsoft (Reuters) Reuters - A group of California cities and\counties on Friday filed a class action lawsuit against\Microsoft Corp. (MSFT.O), saying the world's largest software\maker overcharged them for software.
Bovina, Dechy to Meet in Pilot Pen Finals (AP) AP - Nathalie Dechy advanced to the final of the Pilot Pen tournament, using quick, accurate play to beat Lisa Raymond 6-4, 6-0 Friday.
Second Seed Dementieva Hammered in New Haven  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Second seed Elena Dementieva's hopes  of a first title in 2004 ended in double-quick time when she  was hammered 6-1, 6-1 by fellow Russian Elena Bovina in the  semi-finals of the \$585,000 New Haven Open on Friday.
Suit by Cities Says Microsoft Overcharged icrosoft, which has agreed to pay \$1.8 billion to settle consumer antitrust suits, has been sued by California munciplaties, including Los Angeles and San Francisco, over claims that the company overcharged them for its Windows software.
Red Sox Trip Tigers 5-3 (AP) AP - Manny Ramirez singled and scored before leaving with a bruised knee, and the streaking Boston Red Sox beat the Detroit Tigers 5-3 Friday night for their 10th victory in 11 games.
Mets Thump Dodgers 9-2 (AP) AP - Gerald Williams singled twice in a six-run first inning and the New York Mets broke out of their offensive funk in a big way, beating the Los Angeles Dodgers 9-2 Friday night to end a five-game losing streak.
Greenspan Cautions on Baby Boomer Benefits (AP) AP - Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan said Friday the country will face "abrupt and painful" choices unless Congress acts quickly to trim Social Security and Medicare benefits for the baby boom generation. He said the government has promised more than it can deliver.
US Airways Pilots' Union Decides to Resume Talks The US Airways pilots' union said it would resume talks with the airline, which is urging its unions to grant \$800 million in cuts to save it from a bankruptcy filing.
Insurgents Quit Mosque in Najaf After Peace Deal Guerrillas loyal to Moktada al-Sadr ceded control of the holy site to the Grand Ayatollah Ali al-Sistani, but did not give up their guns.
Bush to tout economic trend in NYC WASHINGTON (CBS.MW) -- Through thick and thin, President Bush has consistently extolled the virtues of lowering taxes to make the economy stronger.
US Needs Pro Boxers for Fighting Chance He was showered again with boos as he approached the ring for his semifinal light-heavyweight bout. Once inside the ropes, he was tossed around by Utkirbek Haydarov of Uzbekistan.
Venezuela Withdraws Ambassador From Panama (AP) AP - Venezuela withdrew its ambassador from Panama on Friday to protest outgoing President Mireya Moscoso's argument that she pardoned four Cuban emigres for fear they might be sent to Venezuela and executed.
Team USA Beats Russia 2-0 in Exhibition (AP) AP - Now that the preliminaries are over, Team USA appears ready for the World Cup of Hockey.
Airplanes Vulnerable to Bombers, Experts Say Despite urgings from Congress and the Sept. 11 commission, U.S. commercial jets remain vulnerable to suicide bombers, aviation security experts said.
Winners With Wallets Economic size wields major influence over how well a nation does at the Olympics.
Federation Requests Hamm Give Up Gold The letter from the International Gymnastics Federation arrived hand-delivered on Thursday night, more than a week after Paul Hamm won the men #39;s all-around gymnastics event 
TRACK AND FIELD A Bungled Pass Costs US in Relay The ending was so sudden on the crowded back curve, so unexpectedly futile, that it seemed only fitting to Marion Jones after the year she has had.
Bullpen keeps up good work With all the firepower the Red Sox have been displaying lately, its good to know the pitching staff isnt taking anything for granted.
Streaking Braves Stop Giants 5-3 (AP) AP - Barry Bonds hit a three-run shot for his 694th homer, but Chipper Jones' two-run drive helped the Atlanta Braves beat the San Francisco Giants 5-3 Friday night for their fifth straight victory.
N. Korean Leader's Mistress Reported Dead (AP) AP - A mistress of North Korean leader Kim Jong Il  #151; whose son with him is considered a possible successor  #151; has died of an illness, according to media reports.
Mets Thump Dodgers Gerald Williams singled twice in a six-run first inning and the Mets broke out of their offensive funk in a big way.
Avoid anti-US talk, Chavez told Venezuela's president can improve ties by avoiding inflammatory remarks, the US State Department says.
Greenspan Urges Look at Senior Benefit Costs Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan on Friday urged Washington policymakers to consider reducing future Social Security and Medicare benefits, saying that 
AT amp;T Uses Its Long Past to Promote Its Near Future T amp;T may be your grandma #39;s phone company, but it is also trying to be the company of the future with its Internet phones. Even as it is getting out of the business of providing traditional phone 
Black-and-blue Sox win again Thanks to a variety of unforeseen circumstances over the past few days, Red Sox manager Terry Francona has gone from mere lineup crafter to juggler.
Deja vu as Yankees beat Blue Jays 8-7 Derek Jeter, Hideki Matsui and Bernie Williams each hit home runs as the New York Yankees beat the Toronto Blue Jays 8-7 on Friday.
Jobs, tax cuts key issues for Bush President Bush says himself there #39;s still work to be done to keep the economy growing. But when the Republicans gather next week in New York for their national convention, much of 
Detroit Fights California Bid to Open Car Pool Lanes to Fuel &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Larry David tools around in one on his HBO series. Cameron Diaz drives one in Los Angeles. So do Leonardo DiCaprio and Rob Reiner.
White House report says people cause global warming People are responsible for the spike in global warming in the last 30 years, says a new US government report. The verdict, long accepted by most scientists, has encountered resistance from the Bush administration 
Russia Confirms Plane Crash Terror Link A widely-suspected terrorist connection became an official claim when Russian authorities said they found traces of explosives in the wreckage of one of two passenger jets that crashed almost simultaneously, killing all 90 people on board.
Bibby out as coach at USC Henry Bibby was fired Monday as the men #39;s basketball coach at Southern California. The move came four games into his ninth season, and assistant Jim Saia was appointed the Trojans #39; interim coach for the rest of the season.
Indians Hold Off White Sox 6-3 (AP) AP - C.C. Sabathia struck out 11 in six innings and Ronnie Belliard hit a three-run homer to lead the Cleveland Indians over the Chicago White Sox 6-3 Friday night.
'Cachirulo,' of Mexico Theater, Dies at 79 (AP) AP - Enrique Alonso "Cachirulo," an actor, writer and producer whose long-running television show made his name practically synonymous with children's theater in Mexico, died Friday. He was 79.
NYC Police Arrest 250 in Bicycle Protest (AP) AP - Nearly 250 bicyclists were arrested during a mass protest that passed Madison Square Garden Friday night, the first major police crackdown on demonstrators just days before a wave of activists were expected to descend for the Republican National Convention.
Bangladesh Shuts for Another Strike Over Attack  DHAKA (Reuters) - Offices, schools, shops and businesses  across Bangladesh shut down Saturday for the second strike in  less than a week called by the main opposition party to protest  against a grenade attack that nearly killed its leader.
Rams Roll Past Redskins 28-3 (AP) AP - Torry Holt and the St. Louis Rams finally had something to celebrate.
Scobee Kicks Jaguars Past Packers 9-7 (AP) AP - Josh Scobee's confidence grew with every kick. So did his chances of becoming the Jacksonville Jaguars' kicker.
Rangers Beat Staggering Orioles 6-4 (AP) AP - John Wasdin pitched six strong innings in his return from the minors, and the Texas Rangers handed Baltimore its 11th consecutive loss by beating the Orioles 6-4 Friday night.
Thai goes for giant Airbus THE already healthy order book of Airbus in Broughton has been given a further boost with an order for A380 superjumbos from Thailand.
SEC Looks Into Van Eck he Van Eck Associates Corporation, a manager of the Van Eck mutual funds, has said the Securities and Exchange Commission may seek civil penalties against it and two executives in connection with improper trading.
AL Capsules Derek Jeter, Hideki Matsui and Bernie Williams each homered and the New York Yankees held on for an 8-7 victory over the Toronto Blue Jays on Friday night.
Ramirez injured as Red Sox beat Tigers 5-3 for 10th win in 11 &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Manny Ramirez banged a ball off his knee. Keith Foulke had a stiff back. Neither was available at the end of the game, and yet the Boston Red Sox keep winning.
Bonds #39; 694th homer not enough Barry Bonds continued to edge closer to the magic 700 home run mark Friday night, blasting a three-run homer -- the 694th of his career -- in the San Francisco Giants #39; 5-3 loss to the Atlanta Braves at Turner Field.
Thatcher was trying to flee #39; South Africa before arrest Mark Thatcher was preparing to flee South Africa when he was arrested over his alleged involvement in a botched coup attempt, police in Cape Town alleged Thursday.
Vikings Give 49ers Third Straight Loss (AP) AP - With their starters playing into the second half, the Minnesota Vikings looked as if they would easily overmatch the depleted San Francisco 49ers.
Responding to Howe, Mets Decide Not to Go Quietly Although the Mets' manager is not an orator, he apparently gave his team a reason to keep playing Friday night.
Venezuela envoy quits Panama Venezuela withdraws its ambassador from Panama, in an on-going row about a pardon for four Cuban exiles.
In Palm Beach, Results of 2000 Still Stir a Fight Although Democrats hold a solid majority in Palm Beach County, Fla., it is so big that even a small shift among its 700,000 voters could make a difference in November.
Let baseball solve its own problems Ever vigilant for new frontiers of American life where Congress can dictate the rules of behavior, elected officials in the nation #39;s capital have cast their eye on Major League Baseball.
Rams Stomp Redskins The St. Louis Rams' offense, led by receiver Torry Holt and rookie running back Steven Jackson, riddled the Redskins from all sides and gained a 28-3 victory on Friday.
Eskandarian Out D.C. United forward Alecko Eskandarian will miss Saturday's match at New England because of a sprained left ankle, but the injury is not severe.
Terror Suspected in Crash The Russian government abruptly shifted gears Friday and concluded that at least one of the two planes that fell out of the sky almost simultaneously this week was blown up by terrorists.
Killing of Hostage Confounds Self-Image of Italians   ROME, Aug. 27 -- By all accounts here, Enzo Baldoni, the latest victim in Iraq of a videotaped killing at unknown hands, was a kind, light-hearted man.
Russia Reports Evidence of Terror Attack The Russian government abruptly shifted gears Friday and concluded that at least one of the two planes that fell out of the sky almost simultaneously this week was blown up 
Bangladesh Shuts for Another Strike Over Attack Offices, schools, shops and businesses across Bangladesh shut down Saturday for the second strike in less than a week called by the main opposition party to protest against a grenade attack that nearly killed its leader.
Indian hostages maybe released soon Hopes for the release of Indian hostages, being held in Iraq, rose after the KGL said that it has met the demands of the kidnappers.
Saints Hold Off Bears 17-13 in Preseason (AP) AP - Third-team quarterback J.T. O'Sullivan set up his own go-ahead touchdown run with a long pass Friday night and the New Orleans Saints beat the Chicago Bears 17-13.
Typhoon Chaba approaches southwestern Japan (AFP) AFP - Typhoon Chaba was approaching Japan and was expected to bring heavy rain and high winds to large areas in southwestern regions over the weekend, officials said.
Bush Asks McCain to Help the Fight Against Political Ads President Bush says he wants to join Republican Senator John McCain in the fight against political ads by outside groups. The announcement comes just weeks after McCain called for Bush to condemn an anti-John 
Firm Guilty Of Declaring False Shelter A federal judge ruled yesterday that Long Term Capital Management, the giant investment fund that nearly imploded in 1998 and received a \$3.
New Windows Planned for 2006 Microsoft Corp. announced yesterday that it will leave out some planned features from its next major operating system to meet a goal of rolling out a new version of Windows in the second half of 2006.
Microsoft denies flaw in XP upgrade Microsoft Corp. is flatly denying what it calls  quot;misguided reports quot; of a flaw in its new Windows XP Service Pack 2 upgrade that exposes security information to hackers.
Home raided for clues in biotech b Investigators raided a Framingham house in search of evidence in the bombing of a Watertown biotech lab yesterday, rifling through the house but making no arrests as federal agents continued an intensive probe, authorities said.
Jury Selection Begins in Bryant Rape Case Three hundred residents of Eagle County, some in Porsches and some in battered pickups, arrived at the small rural courthouse in this mountain village 
Killing of Hostage Confounds Self-Image of Italians By all accounts here, Enzo Baldoni, the latest victim in Iraq of a videotaped killing at unknown hands, was a kind, light-hearted man.
Aziz elected as opposition boycotts vote: Premier-elect outlines &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; ISLAMABAD, Aug 27: Amid opposition protests and boycott, the ruling coalition in the National Assembly on Friday elected former finance minister Shaukat Aziz as prime minister, who vowed to give the country a competent government.
Typhoon Chaba nears Japan TYPHOON Chaba is expected to bring heavy rain and high winds to large areas in south-western Japan over the weekend. At noon (1pm AEST), the typhoon was located at 290km west of Minami-Daitojima island, with 
The billion dollar election Last year some election watchers made a bold prediction that this presidential election would set a record: the first half billion dollar campaign in hard money alone.
Ping-Pong politicking in Hong Kong HONG KONG More than three decades after China used Ping-Pong diplomacy to start resuming ties with the United States, Beijing is trying it again - this time in an attempt to influence elections in Hong Kong.
Union leaders urge one more try Leaders of the pilots #39; union at US Airways said on Friday that they had directed their negotiating team to resume talking with the company over \$295 million in labor concessions.
Changes to Longhorn Big changes are afoot for the next version of Microsoft Windows, code-named Longhorn. Microsoft announced on Friday that it is now targeting 2006 for broad availability of Longhorn.
Researchers: Fishermen need more restrictions Millions of casual fishermen reel in more of the nation #39;s most prized saltwater fish than previously thought, researchers say, prompting them to urge tougher regulation of recreational fishing.
IRAQ, FASSINO: NO TURNING POINT, WE STILL OPPOSE MISSION (AGI) - Rome, Italy, Aug.27 - According to Fassino, Baldoni #39;s killing  quot;is the umpteenth proof that the situation in Iraq is fragile, unsafe and still critical, unlike many people said quot;.
France to receive Iraqi president Jacques Chirac announced France would receive the Iraqi President, Ghazi al-Yawar, in early September. French President Jacques Chirac announced the decision during a major 
Plummer Guides Broncos Past Texans 31-17 (AP) AP - The Denver Broncos were hoping to find some kind of offensive rhythm headed into the regular season.
Ninety years on, only faint echoes remain of Samoa's German past (AFP) AFP - Ninety years after imperial Germany was chased out of the South Pacific few signs remain in Samoa that this was once Berlin's colonial pearl.
Singh No. 1, Daly comeback kid There was no debate that Vijay Singh was No. 1 in golf this year, but John Daly grabbed his share of the spotlight with his resurgence in play and popularity.
Warner Sharp in Giants' Loss to Jets After two preseason games in which they played to a virtual draw, Kurt Warner edged ahead of Eli Manning in the Giants' quarterback competition.
100 Cyclists Are Arrested as Thousands Ride in Protest Thousands of cyclists rode through the streets of Manhattan in a Republican-bashing, environment-promoting display of bike power that resulted in more than 100 arrests.
2-Run Homers Lift Angels Over Twins 9-6 ANAHEIM, Calif. - Adam Kennedy and Garret Anderson each hit a two-run homer, and the Anaheim Angels beat the Minnesota Twins 9-6 Friday night for their ninth straight victory...
Drug to Help Avert Blindness Moves Closer to Approval yetech Pharmaceuticals #39; drug to treat the leading cause of blindness in the elderly appeared to move closer to a broad government approval yesterday after an advisory panel to the Food and Drug Administration spoke favorably about it.
US Air pilots ready to resume talks SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW) - US Airways #39; pilots union said late Friday it was ready to resume contract talks with company management, a step crucial to the airline #39;s future.
Truckers call off strike following agreement with Govt NEW DELHI: The All India Motor Transport Congress on Saturday called off their seven-day old  #39;indefinite #39; truckers strike after it reached on an agreement with Government on the contentious issue of service tax and various other demands.
Microsoft To Release New Windows OS In 2006 Microsoft will broadly release its long-awaited new Windows operating system code-named  quot;Longhorn quot; in 2006, according to a company statement.
Hamm Should Hold Onto Gold Athletes are marinated in preparation for years, and grilled in harsh evaluation or simply bask in recognition for decades. And during competition, each competitor can handle no more than the prescribed circumstances.
Olympics: Jones can #39;t hang on to success Marion Jones, who left Sydney four years ago with a record five medals, will depart Athens with none after a disastrous night at the Olympic Stadium.
Rooney hands in transfer request EVERTON manager David Moyes will steadfastly block Wayne Rooneys transfer from Goodison Park if he does not get the valuation he wants for the England striker before Tuesdays transfer deadline.
Raikkonen looks to add consistency Kimi Raikkonen completed the formalities with his now customary Friday flourish. Just as he did in Hungary, Raikkonen ended the first day of practice at the top of the 
US team #39;s class clown grip-and-rips #39; his way to a pole vault &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; He #39;s a California surfer dude, an air guitar virtuoso -- and the US Olympic team #39;s resident class clown. Toby Stevenson also happens to be very good at what he does: the pole vault.
Jury Selection Begins in Kobe Bryant Rape Case Hundreds of prospective jurors in the high-profile Kobe Bryant rape case turned up on Friday for jury selection in a trial of the star athlete that lawyers said is shaping up to be full of rancor.
Mariners 7, Royals 5 Bret Boone hit a go-ahead two-run homer in the eighth inning and the Seattle Mariners #39; had a season-high six home runs in a 7-5 victory over the Kansas City Royals Friday night.
Tech faces talented So. Cal as an 18-point underdog Were so young, Trojans coach Pete Carroll said. Half our team has only been here for two semesters.. Of the 48 players on Techs two-deep roster, 17 are freshmen or sophomores.
PREVIEW-Open-Agassi ready for one final flourish When Andre Agassi withdrew from Wimbledon with a hip injury earlier this year, it seemed as if the career of one of the most charismatic players in the history of the game was nearing its end.
Editorial: End of Siege It is the Iraqi people who come best out of the end of the Najaf siege. This has been a triumph for the moderate majority who until yesterday felt themselves powerless to influence the wretched course of events in their own country.
Chinese Pottery Yields Leftovers of Stone Age Happy Hour Imagine the long centuries of the Stone Age, when life was, by definition, hard and there was not a tipple to be had. People in the Middle East came to find a pleasing remedy in the marvel 
Athletics Rally to Beat Devil Rays 8-7 (AP) AP - Erubiel Durazo hit a two-run homer, Eric Chavez also connected and the Oakland Athletics rallied from a four-run deficit to beat the Tampa Bay Devil Rays 8-7 Friday night.
Truck operators call of week-long strike Truck operators today called off their week-long strike after an agreement with the Government to form a committee to study the vexed service tax issue.
Microsoft sets 2006 Longhorn release LOS ANGELES (CBS.MW) -- Microsoft said Friday that it plans to broadly distribute the next version of its Windows operating system -- dubbed  quot;Longhorn quot; -- in 2006, but conceded that it had to pare down a much-anticipated search feature to move ahead with 
Derek makes Tigers topple like dominoes: Red-hot Sox continue &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; At times like this, it is important to remember a simple truth: No matter how much they have improved, no matter how much promise they may show at times, there is something they have yet to escape.
Brunell Fits Gibbs Best Patrick Ramsey's struggles have made Joe Gibbs's starting quarterback decision an easy one.
J. Gordon Nabs Pole Jeff Gordon wins the pole for the Sharpie 500, his sixth of the season, at Bristol (Tenn.) Motor Speedway with a speed of 128.520 mph.
Braves Feeling Chipper Chipper Jones' two-run homer helps the Atlanta Braves beat the San Francisco Giants 5-3 Friday night for their fifth straight victory.
Bringing the Funk Tour veteran Fred Funk shares the lead with rookie Zach Johnson as each enters the weekend at 8-under in the Buick Championship.
Preview: Day 15 The penultimate day of the Olympics will see Kelly Holmes aiming for success in the 1500m.
New calm in revolt-wracked Najaf Inhabitants of the Iraqi city of Najaf enjoy their first night of peace in several weeks after a ceasefire deal.
Typhoon Chaba approaches southwestern Japan TOKYO : Typhoon Chaba was approaching Japan and was expected to bring heavy rain and high winds to large areas in southwestern regions over the weekend, officials said.
Mixed media: Justice for all INTERNATIONAL NEWS AGENCY: Pre-trial hearings at the Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, of prisoners taken in the US  quot;war on terrorism quot; are  quot;designed to convict quot;, says one expert.
Re-Fighting Vietnam The most contentious issue of the upcoming presidential election so far is history. Whoever expected that wed be re-fighting thirty and forty year old arguments about the Vietnam War?
Weisel settles charges San Francisco investment bank Thomas Weisel Partners on Thursday agreed to pay \$12.5 million to settle allegations that some of the stock research the bank published during the Internet boom was tainted by conflicts of interest.
US Open tennis: Tough draw for Agassi, Roddick Andre Agassi will have to get through top-seeded Roger Federer if he wants to make the semifinals. Venus Williams will have to get through No.
Iraqi rebels leave Najaf shrine left. The fighters had defied US military firepower and the interim Iraqi government for three weeks. accept a peace deal to halt the fighting, after a day of violence in which 110 Iraqis were killed and 501 wounded.
Former Sun, BEA executives forge grid venture DECEMBER 06, 2004 (INFOWORLD) - Former executives from companies including Sun Microsystems Inc., BEA Systems Inc. and Oracle Corp.
Soft money, hard politics Much of the nation #39;s media makes it seem as if soft-money spending on campaign ads by the so-called  quot;shadow parties quot; is a Republican thing.
Personal, corporate bankruptcies take dip Bankruptcies, dominated by personal filings, fell by about 1 percent in the year that ended June 30, with business bankruptcies falling almost 4 percent, the Administrative Office of the US Courts said Friday.
Keep track of hometown heroes: ATHENS, GREECE - The United States Olympic Committee pumped renewed fury into the Paul Hamm gymnastics saga on Friday, slamming the International Gymnastics Federation (FIG) for asking Hamm to return his gold medal.
Boxers take more hits as Dirrell gets bronze Or maybe he simply is unfamiliar with the preferred code of behavior following a boxing match: you lose, you whine. Dirrell would be no good at it, however.
Marathon elite face a 35-year course record in Athens race Runners who finish Sunday #39;s Olympic marathon will be watched over by a 63-year-old white-haired Englishman who established the still-unbroken course record 35 years ago.
US horse hurt while winning jumping bronze; Ireland takes gold American rider Chris Kappler won bronze in show jumping Friday, but his accomplishment was bittersweet. Kappler #39;s horse, Royal Kaliber, broke down on course in a timed jumpoff and was taken from the Olympic 
Likud voters want Sharon to pursue coalition: poll JERUSALEM: Most members of Israel #39;s ruling Likud party want Prime Minister Ariel Sharon to press on with talks to widen his coalition despite a vote by the Likud executive barring any such move, a poll showed on Friday.
Twelve bodies found in post-storm search At least 12 people have been confirmed killed by Typhoon Aere, 17 remain unaccounted for, and 86 others were injured as it swept across northern Taiwan earlier this week, according to a post-typhoon damage control report by the Interior Ministry yesterday 
Typhoon bears down on Japan Powerful typhoon Chaba is slowly bearing down on Japan, threatening to unleash strong wind and heavy rain throughout southern and western parts of the country over the weekend.
Jets Befuddle Giants' Manning in 17-10 Win (AP) AP - After weeks of wowing the New York Giants with his passing, poise and promise, Eli Manning showed that even the No. 1 pick in the NFL draft can have his rookie moments.
Short Jump, Bad Handoff End Jones' Games (AP) AP - For Marion Jones, Sydney must seem far more than half a world away. Those Olympics were some dreamland where she ruled track and field with a golden touch and a sweet smile, winning five medals that turned her into an international superstar.
Virginia Tech Seeks Luster Against USC (AP) AP - Three straight late-season stumbles have taken the luster off Virginia Tech. Now the Hokies are looking to get it back, and there's no better way to do that than to knock off No. 1 Southern California.
Truck maker delays report Truck maker Navistar International Corp. on Monday delayed its quarterly earnings report because of an anticipated restatement, although the company said the restatement was not expected to be material and gave an encouraging forecast.
Continental takes part in upstart ticket network Feeling continued pressure from the low-cost carriers, Continental Airlines is joining six other airlines in a ticket distribution network that will save them money.
Microsoft cuts key Longhorn feature By scaling back, company hopes to hit a 2006 release. Microsoft Corp. is dropping a highly touted new feature from its plans for the next generation of Windows -- scaling back ambitions for its biggest product 
Message to Kerry: Investment income is income, too. Lets see how many weeks it takes before John Kerry and Co. stop repeating the now discredited statement that American households are not keeping pace with inflation.
SI.com ANAHEIM, California (Ticker) -- Shannon Stewart  #39;s mental error provided the spark for the red-hot Anaheim Angels . Stewart #39;s blunder led to a five-run sixth inning as the Angels extended their winning streak 
Homer-happy Mariners end skid A four-pitch sequence in the fifth inning Friday night produced something the Mariners hadn #39;t done in nearly eight years. Miguel Olivo hit a home run to left-center field.
AI welcomes revoking of Pinochet #39;s immunity MADRID: Amnesty International applauded on Friday the decision by Chile #39;s Supreme Court to revoke the immunity from prosecution of former Chilean dictator Augusto Pinochet, calling it  quot;a first step toward justice.
U.S. Tops Russia 2-0 at Hockey Exhibition (AP) AP - Forget all that talk about Team USA having goalie problems. Robert Esche and Rick DiPietro combined on a shutout, and John-Michael Liles arrived just in time to score a goal to lead the defending champion Americans to a 2-0 victory over Russia on Friday night in their final World Cup exhibition game.
U.S., Afghan Soldiers Arrest 10 Suspects (AP) AP - U.S. and Afghan soldiers conducting a sweep in southern Zabul province arrested 10 suspected Taliban after a firefight in a forbidding mountain area, the governor said Saturday.
McGill Takes Lead at Wachovia Classic (AP) AP - In-N-Out Burger was looking mighty tempting to Jill McGill.
Republican National Convention Donors (AP) AP - A local committee helping the Republican National Committee hold its New York convention raised roughly  #36;60 million to  #36;70 million in private money for the event. Corporate donors include:
BA Directors Join Workforce in Bid to Avoid More Chaos British Airways top directors, including chief executive Rod Eddington, will be helping out at Heathrow airport today as the airline strives to avoid the flight cancellation chaos of the last few days.
STOCKS  amp; BONDS Markets Rise a Bit Despite Sluggish Growth of the &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; sluggish gross domestic product reading was nonetheless better than expected, prompting investors to send stocks slightly higher yesterday.
Argentina topples NBA stars ATHENS -- Bronze is the best the American men can do in basketball and the reason is simple: A hastily assembled assortment of NBA stars couldn #39;t beat a better team -- Argentina.
Jones loses last chance for medal at Athens ATHENS -- American Marion Jones is going home without a medal. Jones, who won five medals and arguably was the biggest star of the Sydney Games four years ago, finished fifth in yesterday #39;s long jump and -- barely 
Activists enter Acropolis to protest Powell visit Greek activists have hoisted a massive banner on the Acropolis against the scheduled visit of US Secretary of State Colin Powell, due in Athens for the Olympics this weekend.
Button driven on by lure of second place JENSON Button will settle for second best in tomorrows Belgian Grand Prix at Spa- Francorchamps. The Englishman concedes Ferrari are out of reach and has set his sights on helping BAR overhaul Renault for 
Unranked Hokies look for fast start LANDOVER, MD. - It #39;s been awhile since Virginia Tech entered a season unranked, with modest expectations. A win over No. 1 Southern California would change perceptions of this year #39;s Hokies in a hurry.
ELI #39;S TIME COMING, BUT KURT #39;S IS HERE August 28, 2004 -- When the Giants #39; reg ular season starts September 12 in Philadelphia, Tom Coughlin should start Kurt Warner over Eli Manning.
Russian Air Disaster Was Suicide Attack, According to US Sources Traces of explosives found in one of two downed Tupolev planes match explosives used in the 1999 bombing attacks of Moscow apartments by Chechen separatists, according to two US government sources.
Police Continue Questioning Abu Hamza Hook-handed cleric Abu Hamza faces yet more questions today after police were given more time to hold him on suspicion of being involved in terrorist offences.
Venezuela ratifies referendum vote Venezuela #39;s electoral authorities Friday ratified the results of a recent referendum that kept President Hugo Chavez in power.
France ready to help more in Iraq - Chirac PARIS - France is ready to play a greater role in rebuilding Iraq and has invited Iraqi President Ghazi Yawar for talks in Paris next month, President Jacques Chirac said in a speech on Friday.
Bodies of 2 Turkish hostages found The bodies of two Turkish hostages have been found in the northern Iraqi town of Baiji. Qatar-based al-Jazeera satellite TV reported that the two Turkish captives had apparently been killed by gunfire.
FBI Probes if Official Spied for Israel WASHINGTON - In a spy investigation that could strain U.S.-Israeli relations and muddy the Bush administration's Middle East policy, the FBI is investigating whether a Pentagon analyst fed to Israel secret materials about White House deliberations on Iran.    No arrests have been made, said two federal law enforcement officials, speaking on condition of anonymity because of the continuing investigation...
Protest banner unfurled before Powell visit Hours before Secretary of State Colin Powell was to arrive in Athens, Greece #39;s communist party draped a large banner protesting his visit over a side of the ancient Acropolis hill near the Parthenon.
Jimenez leads German Open SPAIN #39;S 40-year-old Miguel Angel Jimenez was leading the German Golf Open following today #39;s second round as Europe #39;s elite chased points to get on the Ryder Cup team.
Bryant trial opens with questionnaires for prospective jurors Kobe Bryants trial began Friday with 300 prospective jurors arriving at the county courthouse to fill out questionnaires, the first step toward choosing 
Russia Blames Terrorism for Downed Plane MOSCOW Aug. 28, 2004 - The discovery of traces of explosives in the wreckage of one of two airliners that crashed almost simultaneously this week have confirmed a widely suspected terrorist connection and 
Indian truckers call off strike (AFP) AFP - An Indian transport union spearheading a truckers' strike called off its week-long agitation after reaching an agreement with the government to form a panel to study a controversial tax, an official said.
Second Term Opposed for Lebanese President (AP) AP - The State Department urged Lebanon on Wednesday to stand by a constitutional provision forbidding a president seeking election to a second term.
Powell cancels trip to Olympics US Secretary of State Colin Powell calls off a planned trip to the Olympic Games amid anti-war protests in Athens.
Below a dimming light, city glows Tomorrow night, after the closing ceremonies of the 2004 Summer Games, Mitch Benoff of Boston will turn off his  quot;Athens Olympic Meteor.
Climbing to a dream On a clear day, you can see the Chateau Frontenac in Quebec City from her home in Chateau-Richer. But one day, nine years ago, a young volunteer working at a World Cup 
Funk, Johnson share lead at Hartford Zach Johnson, a rookie on the PGA Tour, and Fred Funk share the lead after Friday #39;s second round at the \$4.2-million PGA event.
Popular discontent stirs political awakening in Hong Kong It #39;s often been said that Hong Kong people are interested in money, not politics, but upcoming legislative elections may bury that notion for good as angry residents turn out to send their leaders a message.
Infiltration bid foiled along LOC in J  amp; K Jammu, Aug. 28 (PTI): The army today foiled a major infiltration bid along the line of control in Rajouri sector of Jammu and Kashmir, official sources said.
Latest iMac on the way, iPod growth behind forecasts SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW) -- As Apple Computer shares trade near their highest levels in a year, industry analysts are assessing the chances for significant company announcements at the company #39;s European trade show in Paris next week.
Dow Up 22, Nasdaq Gains 9 on GDP Reading Investors sent stocks modestly higher Friday, embracing a sluggish gross domestic product reading that was nonetheless better than expected, hoping that falling oil prices would help spur the economy.
Weak US operations squeeze RBC #39;s results Royal Bank of Canada reported a 5-per-cent drop in third-quarter profit yesterday mainly because of continued weakness in its US operations.
New Windows version in 2006 Microsoft Corp. will drop a much-touted new technology for organising and storing data when it releases the next version of its Windows operating system as expected in 2006.
Newest Planet Found With Small Telescopes Astronomers have found the latest planet in another solar system -r  quot;exoplanet quot;  -ng telescopes no bigger than those you might find at a garage sale.
Dream officially shattered Actually, the funeral took place a while ago. What happened Friday night merely was the posting of the official death notice. Honestly, were you shocked, shocked, shocked, to see Argentina knock the golden gloss off Team USA?
Jones ends up short in relay, long jump In the precious milliseconds it took to miss the exchange of an aluminum relay baton, American Marion Jones #39; brave smile gave way to a flood of tears.
Jury pool is queried Three hundred Eagle County residents who showed up for jury duty Friday for the Kobe Bryant rape case were asked to describe their feelings on 
Funk gets out of his funk CROMWELL, Conn. -- While three other members of this years Ryder Cup team pulled out of the Buick Championship, Fred Funk chose to keep his commitment.
U.S. Battles Militants in Baghdad Slum (AP) AP - U.S. and Iraqi forces clashed with militants loyal to rebel Shiite cleric Muqtada al-Sadr in Iraq's capital on Saturday, officials and witnesses said.
Australia says claim troops in covert actions in Iraq "incorrect" (AFP) AFP - A report claiming that specially trained Australian soldiers are taking part in US-led covert jobs in Iraq, including kidnapping, was "factually incorrect and misleading," the government said.
UN drive to boost free software The UN is holding events across Asia to encourage the region to adopt free and open source software.
Powell Cancels Greece Visit Amid Protests ATHENS, Greece - Secretary of State Colin Powell on Saturday canceled a weekend visit to attend the closing ceremony of the Olympics just hours after demonstrators staged a protest march in central Athens.    Greece's foreign ministry said that Powell informed his Greek counterpart, Petros Moliviatis, that "urgent responsibilities" prevented him from carrying out the visit - which was to include meetings with Premier Costas Caramanlis and U.S...
Quest for holy grail of game controllers The quest for a wireless, robust video game controller is a hit and miss task, says columnist Daniel Etherington.
Is Sears firing a prelude to buyout? The firing of Mark Cohen as chairman and chief executive officer of Sears Canada Inc. may be a prelude to its US parent scooping up the minority stake of the Canadian division that it doesn #39;t already own, an analyst says.
Cellphones could cause hearing loss Siemens issued a warning yesterday that some of its cellphones may emit a loud noise, possibly causing hearing loss for the phone user.
US pros lose their golden glow The Argentines did not even wait for the final buzzer to sound before beginning their celebration. Luis Scola #39;s dunk with 4.5 seconds remaining prompted Pepe Sanchez to rip off his jersey as his teammates flooded the court.
Powell cancels plans to visit Athens US Secretary of State Colin Powell canceled plans to attend the Olympics closing ceremonies in Greece because of the  quot;press of business quot; including crises in Iraq and Sudan, US officials said Saturday.
Head of Boeing #39;s defense unit tied to Druyun hiring One day after former Boeing Chief Financial Officer Mike Sears made an illegal job offer to a Pentagon official in October 2002, the leader of Boeing #39;s defense unit received an e-mail from Sears detailing the deal, sources confirmed yesterday.
Yahoo pares Google stake, sells \$191 mn in stock New York, August 28: Yahoo Inc said on Saturday it sold \$191 million in Google Inc stock in that company #39;s Initial Public Offering, cashing out some of the 2.7 million shares Google gave Yahoo this month to settle two disputes.
Microsoft sets 2006 timetable for next version of Windows In a move to reassure major customers and software developers, Microsoft yesterday answered one of the big questions looming over the PC industry: When will it finish the next version of Windows?
HP digital push aims for living room SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW) -- Hewlett-Packard moved Friday to erase memories of its recent disappointing quarterly results with a new push into consumer electronics that includes digital televisions, printers and the long-awaited debut of its version of 
Soaring oil prices largely falling flat as campaign issue Alan Goldstein pulled his silver BMW Z3 up to a Crown gas station here and filled the tank for \$22.40 -- nearly twice what he paid a few years ago.
Google options end first day with robust volume Chicago, August 28: Options on Google Inc, one of the year #39;s hottest new stocks, ended their first day of dealings among Friday #39;s most actively traded issues.
World finds joy in defeats suffered by Americans ATHENS - The sound you hear is the sound of the world gloating. It was a very bad day for los Americanos. The sound you hear is the sound of Italians crying for joy.
Giving up medal isn #39;t the answer  Roy Jones Jr. receives the gold medal stolen from him by crooked judges in Seoul, South Korea.  The Dallas Stars agree to forfeit their Stanley Cup from 1999 because, yes, Brett Hull #39;s skate was in the crease.
Supporting Birdstone Smarty Jones has been retired to stud in Kentucky, but his presence is felt among the other top 3-year-old thoroughbreds still racing.
Two pieces of jewelry in vault From soaring heights to missed opportunities, the feel-good ride of the United States track and field team hit a couple of potholes last night even 
Newman not happy with lackluster year The expression on Ryan Newmans face wasnt that of somebody who had qualified fourth for tonights Sharpie 500 at Bristol Motor Speedway.
Najaf truce takes hold NAJAF, Iraq - Militiamen loyal to Shiite cleric Muqtada al-Sadr surrendered the sacred shrine of Imam Ali on Friday and then surrendered weapons as well, bringing a largely peaceful end to a ferocious three-week battle with US forces that challenged the 
Yemeni Militants Convicted of Terrorism (AP) AP - A court on Saturday convicted 15 Yemeni militants on terrorism charges, including the 2002 bombing of a French oil tanker and a plot to kill the U.S. ambassador. One man was sentenced to death for killing a Yemeni police officer and seven received 10-year prison terms.
Musharraf-ally sworn in as Pakistan prime minister (Reuters) Reuters - Pakistan's new prime minister, Shaukat Aziz, a technocrat and trusted ally of military leader President Pervez Musharraf, was sworn on Saturday.
FreeCRM.com Offers Free Data Migration (TechWeb) TechWeb - The vendor is offering free data migration to SalesForce.com and Siebel customers and a 1-gigabyte storage upgrade for paying customers.
Golden bust ATHENS -- Their best player didn't even last 20 minutes. The shooting eye that had surfaced against Spain -- and only Spain -- was never there. The uphill quest for Olympic gold by the United States came to an abrupt end last night, as Uncle Sam's lads were sliced, diced, dissected, filleted, and ultimately spanked by Argentina, 89-81.
Two pieces of jewelry in vault ATHENS -- From soaring heights to missed opportunities, the feel-good ride of the United States track and field team hit a couple of potholes last night even as another gold medal was added to its 2004 Olympic collection.
No fun in these Games for Jones ATHENS -- So this is how this strange and sour saga ends, with the Queen of Sydney playing Blind Woman's Bluff in the middle of the sprint relay. A blown baton exchange with Lauryn Williams, a fifth place in the long jump, and Marion Jones's trip to Olympus was over. Just like that. A record five medals in 2000, none ...
Federation asks Hamm to give up gold medal ATHENS -- In a move that only served to escalate the controversy surrounding American Paul Hamm's all-around gold medal, the International Gymnastics Federation yesterday asked the Olympic champion to give the medal to Korean rival Yang Tae Young as a gesture of fair play.
Tavarez's cap is plain dirty Baseball Julian Tavarez's baseball cap is dirty and grimy -- but not illegal, according to the man who now owns it. Gene McNary , who bought the cap for \$140 from the fan who caught it when Tavarez was ejected and tossed it into the stands, took the cap to St. Louis Testing Laboratories, where substances on it were analyzed. ...
Yankees hold off Blue Jays Derek Jeter, Hideki Matsui, and Bernie Williams each homered and the New York Yankees held on for an 8-7 victory over the Blue Jays last night in Toronto. Esteban Loaiza failed to make it out of the fifth inning in another poor start since being acquired from the Chicago White Sox in a July 31 trade for Jose Contreras.
AL notables The Mariners and Royals combined for nine homers to match the most ever hit in a game at Safeco Field, which opened July 15, 1999. Cleveland and Seattle accomplished the feat on July 16, with the Indians hitting eight in an 18-6 win.
Sinkerballer is rising When the Tigers wasted little time taking a 1-0 lead off Derek Lowe in the first inning, Terry Francona surmised if Lowe's shaky start had come in the first half of the season, Lowe might have let the game slip away.
Varitek had catching up to do Having served a four-game suspension stemming from a July 24 ejection against the Yankees, Jason Varitek returned to work. It would have been an understatement to say the Red Sox catcher was happy to be back in his familiar spot, crouched behind the plate at Fenway Park, for last night's 5-3 victory over the Tigers.
Jets befuddle young Manning Eli Manning got his first dose of real NFL defensive schemes and it had to taste awful. The top choice in the NFL Draft in April, the Giants' quarterback struggled against the New York Jets in a 17-10 loss last night in East Rutherford, N.J. It was the Jets' ninth straight win in the annual preseason series.
Hype aside, Patriots hope to rebound FOXBOROUGH -- The game has been hyped on national television for a week. It will be played in a stadium full of fans wearing T-shirts made for that night. One player has dubbed the contest,  quot;Super Bowl No. 2, Round 2. quot;
Gordon has No. 6 in mind BRISTOL, Tenn. -- Jeff Gordon counted out the five wins he has this season, then his five poles. It was an hour before qualifying, and Gordon set a goal for himself.
Daly is added to the long list There's never been a question they can hit it far, but John Daly and Hank Kuehne are doing their best to prove there's more substance to their golf. Playing in different parts of the world this weekend, Daly (tied for sixth at the BMW Open in Germany) and Kuehne (third at the Buick Championship in Cromwell, Conn.) have reached the ...
Italy mourns hostage slain by captors ROME -- Recalling the horror the nation felt when its first hostage was killed in Iraq, word that a second Italian hostage was slain brought condemnation from the pope yesterday and fueled debate over Italy's role in the war-torn country.
Hundreds of militia disarm in Sudan  GENEINA, Sudan -- Five hundred Sudanese militiamen in government service disarmed yesterday at a ceremony attended by UN envoy Jan Pronk, but denied they were Arab Janjaweed irregulars who killed, raped, and looted in Darfur.
Clashes erupt between Philippine troops, Muslim rebels (AFP) AFP - Clashes erupted between soldiers and Muslim separatist rebels in the southern Philippines, with both sides accusing the other of violating a truce ahead of peace talks.
Yemenis sentenced over bombing A Yemeni court sentences 15 men on terror charges, including the 2002 bombing of the French Limburg tanker.
US lowers growth rate in second quarter WASHINGTON - Weighed down by high energy prices, the US economy grew slower than the government estimated in the April-June quarter, as higher oil prices limited consumer spending and contributed to a record trade deficit.
Stocks Are Seen in a Contemplative Mood NEW YORK - US stocks are seen in a contemplative mood Friday with the revised second-quarter gross domestic product reading likely to have a large bearing on sentiment and overall direction.
BF Goodrich contract gets union #39;s OK Workers at three tire plants, including one in Indiana, had been without deal for 15 months. PITTSBURGH -- More than 3,000 union workers at three BF Goodrich tire manufacturing plants in Indiana and Alabama 
Yahoo sells \$191 millions in Google stock : Yahoo Inc. said today it sold \$191 millions in Google Inc. stock in that company #39;s initial public offering, cashing out some of the 2.7 million shares Google gave Yahoo this month to settle two disputes.
Microsoft pushes back release of its next version of Windows SEATTLE - Microsoft Corp., whose software runs about 95 percent of personal computers worldwide, has delayed the next version of its Windows PC operating system until late 2006 because engineers took time away from the project to improve the security of 
Group of Cities, Counties Sues Microsoft A group of California cities and counties on Friday filed a class action lawsuit against Microsoft Corp. , saying the world #39;s largest software maker overcharged them for software.
Focusing on the nanorealm EDMONTONThe pragmatic visionaries of NINT could be forgiven a quiet groan at yet another prediction that research into the very, very small will soon yield very, very big payoffs.
Thousands protest Iraq war, Powell visit In the first major public demonstration since the start of the Olympics, thousands of protesters clashed with police who stopped them from marching 
China #39;s Xing Huina wins Olympic women #39;s 10,000m gold China #39;s Xing Huina came from nowhere to win the Olympic gold medal in women #39;s 10,000m race in Athens on Friday. The 20-year-old Xing, making her first Olympic appearance, clocked a winning time of 30 minutes 24.
Monty looking good Colin Montgomerie, Luke Donald and Paul McGinley are looking good. While Europe #39;s Ryder Cup captain was settling his 
After 68 weeks, inflation returns to HK HONG KONG, AUGUST 25 : After years of steadily falling prices that dragged down salaries and destroyed the value of many apartments, inflation has finally returned here, government statisticians announced early this week.
Shot at gold is an airball ATHENS, Greece, There it was, the almost incomprehensible. Manu Ginobili and 11 Argentines you never heard of running out the clock on NBA stars in the Olympics.
US Gymnast Hamm Asked to Give Up Gold Description: The International Gymnastics Federation asks US gymnast Paul Hamm to give his Olympic all-around gold medal to South Korea #39;s Yang Tae-young.
Up-and-down night in the ring Throughout these Olympic Games, United States boxing coach Basheer Abdullah has lamented that his young fighters weren #39;t listening to him.
Soccer: The Iraqi dream ends as Italians win bronze THESSALONIKI, Greece Italy extinguished Iraq #39;s dream of an Olympic medal in the men #39;s soccer tournament with a 1-0 victory on Friday in their bronze medal match.
Paradorn edges out Johansson to reach the last four in Long Island Defending champion Paradorn Srichaphan overpowered Swede Joachim Johansson 3-6 7-6 6-3 to reach the final four of the Long Island Cup in Commack of New Yorkon Friday.
Some Palestinian Prisoners Suspend Hunger Strike  RAMALLAH, West Bank (Reuters) - About 800 Palestinian  prisoners have suspended their hunger strike after winning  concessions from Israeli authorities, a spokesman for the men  said Saturday.
Powell Scraps Plan to Attend Olympics Ceremonies  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Secretary of State Colin Powell  abruptly canceled plans to attend the Olympics closing  ceremonies in Athens Sunday in part because of events in Iraq  and Sudan, the State Department said.
Fidelity discloses its proxy votes Fidelity Investments' largest funds voted to oust Michael D. Eisner from the chairman's post at Walt Disney Co., in one of last year's biggest proxy battles, according to voting records the nation's largest mutual-fund firm has made public for the first time.
Soaring oil prices largely falling flat as campaign issue SILVER SPRING, Md. -- Alan Goldstein pulled his silver BMW Z3 up to a Crown gas station here and filled the tank for \$22.40 -- nearly twice what he paid a few years ago.
Exports to China give Bay State firms boost Massachusetts exports to China have nearly doubled from just two years ago, making China one of the state's biggest foreign markets.
Radcliffe run defended GB athletics chief Max Jones defends Paula Radcliffe after she pulls out of the 10,000m final.
Update 13: Greenspan Sounds Alert on Social Security Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan has done it again. For at least the fourth time this year, he has touched the electrified third rail of American politics - Social Security.
Profits a Royal pain The Royal Bank of Canada, the country #39;s biggest bank, said yesterday it suffered a 5 drop in third-quarter profit, displaying weakness in its US operations and citing tight interest-rate spreads and rising expenses.
Flying car pet project It #39;s a frustrated commuter #39;s fantasy: Literally lifting your car out of a clogged highway and soaring through the skies. Researchers say an affordable, easy-to-use vehicle that could allow 
Industry rebound could be two years away SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW) -- US airlines, hammered by soaring oil prices, will spend a staggering \$5 billion more on fuel this year than they did in 2003 or even a greater sum, draining already thin cash reserves.
UPDATE 2-Hewitt, Paradorn head for Long Island showdown Former world number one Lleyton Hewitt and defending champion Paradorn Srichaphan moved a step closer to a showdown at the \$380,000 Long Island Cup after coming through tough quarter-finals on Friday.
Shaukat Aziz takes oath as Pakistan #39;s new PM ISLAMABAD : Shaukat Aziz, former finance minister and a key ally to President Pervez Musharraf, has been sworn in the country #39;s new prime minister.
Chechnya prepares to hold election to replace assassinated &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; MOSCOW Police in Chechnya have orders to shoot anyone wearing a mask on sight ahead of Sunday #39;s presidential election. Thousands of Russian soldiers and Chechen police are on 24-hour patrol ahead of the vote 
Curfew relaxed in Jalna; sitation peaceful in Poorna Mumbai, Aug 28 - The situation in both Jalna and Poorna towns in Central Maharashtra, that witnessed violence in the aftermath of explosions at places of worship leaving 18 persons injured, was peaceful and under control today, police said.
Most terror attacks cost al-Qaida little, report finds The al-Qaida terrorist network spent less than \$50,000 on each of its major attacks except for the Sept. 11, 2001, suicide hijackings, and one of its hallmarks is using 
US prosecutors probing Boeing defense chief NEW YORK - US prosecutors are looking into possible improper employment-related contacts between the head of Boeing Co.s defense unit and a high-ranking Air Force official, the Wall Street Journal said on Friday, citing unnamed people familiar with the 
Personal bankruptcy trend turns downward WASHINGTON -- Personal bankruptcies appear to have broken the upward trend of recent years, slipping 0.8 percent in the 12 months ending June 30, figures released Friday show.
Wings on the wheels It #39;s a frustrated commuter #39;s fantasy: lifting your car off a clogged highway and soaring through the skies, landing just in time to motor into your driveway.
HP tips its hand on new iPod Hewlett-Packard turned on the music a little early Friday morning, revealing on the Web the details of its new HP-branded Apple iPod music player clone.
SRICHAPHAN GETS HIS REVENGE Paradorn Srichaphan of Thailand could not beat Swede Joachim Johansson in Athens, but he got the job done in Long Island. Srichaphan, who lost in straight sets to Johansson in the first round of the Olympics 
Vaulters win 2 more precious medals for US ATHENS - Tim Mack of Knoxville, Tenn., grabbed a pole, flew down the runway and set an Olympic record in the pole vault. When Mack landed yesterday, he not only had earned the day #39;s only gold medal for the 
Bomb traces found in Russian plane wreck Investigators say they have found traces of explosive in the wreckage of one of the two passenger planes that crashed earlier this week in southern Russia.
Palestinian prisoners suspend hunger strike Some 800 Palestinian detainees in Israel #39;s Ashkelon prison have suspended their 13-day-old hunger strike until Monday after some of their demands were met.
15 Yemeni militants convicted SANAA, Yemen -- A Yemeni court has convicted 15 al Qaeda-linked militants on terror charges, news agencies report. The charges include the 2002 bombing of French oil tanker Limburg and a plot to kill the US ambassador to Yemen.
Turkish hostages killed: report THE Turkish embassy in Baghdad was investigating a television report that two Turkish hostages had been killed in Iraq, but no confirmation was available so far, a senior Turkish diplomat said today.
Jumping for joy over bronze American rider Chris Kappler won a bronze medal in show jumping yesterday in Athens, and was even happier when he learned his horse wasn't seriously hurt following a breakdown during a timed jumpoff.
New kids off blocks ATHENS -- The People's Republic of China struck gold twice last night on the track, giving the world a taste of what the country hopes will be a medal bonanza in four years at the Beijing Games.
'Flag' storms to victory SARATOGA SPRINGS, N.Y. -- Storm Flag Flying relished the 1 1/4 miles of the \$400,000 Personal Ensign Handicap yesterday, taking advantage of the distance to wear down odds-on favorite Azeri in the stretch and capture the Grade I race at Saratoga.
Italy ends inspired Iraqi run THESSALONIKI, Greece -- Iraq's surprising Olympic soccer run came up short with a 1-0 loss to Italy in a bronze medal game that couldn't escape reminders of violence in the war-torn country.
Thousands protest Iraq war, Powell visit ATHENS -- In the first major public demonstration since the start of the Olympics, thousands of protesters clashed with police who stopped them from marching on the United States Embassy to protest the war in Iraq and Secretary of State Colin Powell's scheduled visit to Greece.
Long shadow hard to eclipse SARATOGA SPRINGS, N.Y. -- Seven of the best 3-year-olds in the nation will race in today's 135th Travers Stakes at Saratoga, but one horse who is not here, Smarty Jones, has cast a long shadow over the \$1 million event.
US passes Russian test ATHENS -- They wanted each other. They got each other. One more time. The United States women's basketball team survived a grind-a-thon against Russia yesterday and will go for the gold today against Australia. It's a rematch of the gold medal game from the 2000 Olympics in Sydney, which the US won, 76-54, in a game also remembered for Aussie ...
Long-shot Italians advance ATHENS -- Italy used incredible 3-point shooting to advance to the gold medal men's basketball game for just the second time at the Olympics.
Elimination perfectly executed ATHENS -- I have not come to bury the Americans. I have come to praise the Argentines.
Darfur peace talks set to restart Negotiations between the Sudanese government and rebel groups in the troubled Darfur region are to resume.
Crude prices to go up with upsurge int #39;l demand LONDON, August 28 (IranMania) - Iran #39;s OPEC governor said Friday that the high oil prices will continue to go up if the situation in Iraq deteriorates, stressing that the Iraqi crisis has coincided with an upsurge in the global demand for crude.
Ariz. flu shots to arrive late Brace yourself for delays and potentially long lines to get a flu shot in Arizona this year. One of the nation #39;s two largest flu manufacturers is delaying shipments after finding tainted doses of its vaccine.
California city and counties sue Microsoft for antitrust Several California cities and counties, including San Francisco and Los Angeles, have sued Microsoft Corporation, accusing the software giant of illegally charging inflated prices for its products because of monopoly control of the personal computer 
Hungarian Weight Lifter and Hammer Champ Face Loss of Medals record-setting Hungarian weight lifter was in danger of losing his silver medal yesterday because he failed a drug test, a national Olympic committee spokesman said.
Monty adds to confusion Miguel Angel Jimenez leads the BMW International at the halfway point on 134 with David Lynn and Retief Goosen jointly second a stroke behind, but these are two of very few facets of this tournament that are clear and incontrovertible.
Clerics agree Najaf peace deal Shiite cleric Muqtada al-Sadr has reached an agreement with the Grand Ayatollah Ali al-Sistani that grants his freedom from murder charges and secures peace in war-torn Najaf, al-Sistani aides said on Thursday.
Renegade warlord arrested and brought to the capital following &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; A renegade Afghan warlord has been arrested and brought to the capital by the central government, just weeks after his troops clashed 
Wal-Mart Rejects Proposed D.C. Location Wal-Mart Stores Inc. said it would scrap plans to build its first District store after senior executives visited the proposed site in the Brentwood, NE neighborhood and found it did not meet their requirements.
Royal Bank serves up disappointing quarter TORONTO - Royal Bank of Canada has reported a drop in third-quarter profit --the first year-over-year decline in three years -- because of lower earnings at its US division, increased costs and a higher Canadian dollar.
Minister cautious about mad cow relief Manhattan and mad cow may seem an unlikely combination, but Agriculture Minister Andy Mitchell will be mixing the two today when he travels to New York City to meet his American counterpart to lobby for an end to the costly mad cow crisis.
ROONEY RACE HOTS UP Manchester United and Newcastle are expected to increase their bids for Wayne Rooney this weekend as the battle to sign the England striker before Tuesday #39;s transfer deadline intensifies.
Dechy dodges back woes, stops Raymond There have been times during the Pilot Pen Tennis tournament when Nathalie Dechy has made it look easy. During Friday nights semifinal, however, she appeared to have hit a bump in the road.
Terror attack downed plane: Russia MOSCOWA terrorist attack brought down at least one of the two planes in this week #39;s near-simultaneous crashes in Russia, authorities said yesterday after investigators sifting through the wreckage found traces of an explosive at one of the crash sites.
Storm lashes east China TAIPEI, Taiwan -- A fierce storm that lashed Taiwan has battered China #39;s east Fujian province, prompting the evacuation of half a million people.
Japan Airlines Cancels Flights as Typhoon Heads to Main Islands Japan Airlines Corp., the country #39;s largest carrier, has canceled flights between the southern islands of Okinawa and Daito as Typhoon Chaba slowly proceeds west to Japan #39;s main islands.
BA directors rally terminal staff BA chief executive Rod Eddington and 11 other directors are visiting Heathrow this weekend to boost morale at the crisis-hit airline.
Agriculture Minister to lobby US on BSE Ottawa -- Agriculture Minister Andy Mitchell is meeting with his US counterpart today in New York to lobby for an end to the costly mad-cow crisis, which began 15 months ago with the discovery of single case of bovine spongiform encephalopathy on a ranch 
Digital ways to have fun including an HP-branded version of Apple #39;s iPod - designed with an eye toward pleasure, not business. At an event in Miami Beach, the 
Asian farmers sucking the continent dry The world is on the verge of a water crisis as people fight over ever dwindling supplies, experts told the Stockholm Water Symposium.
It #39;s not easy to step up after wallowing in NBA Our valiant little men #39;s national basketball team fought its big, beating heart out last night and came up just shy of a chance for the Olympic enchilada.
THE GAMES NOTEBOOK Thessaloniki, Greece. Iraq #39;s quest for its first Olympic medal since 1960 came up short yesterday when its surprising soccer team lost 1-0 to Italy in the bronze-medal game.
Italy win Bronze Italy have managed to win the Bronze medal in the Olympic Football tournament by defeating Iraq 1-0 in an emotional play-off match.
Prmont finds silver atop mountain course Canada #39;s newest Olympic star is a house painter who prepared for the heat of Athens by riding her bike in a sauna. That #39;s right, in a sauna.
Srichaphan wins again at his Hamlet  #39;home #39; Paradorn Srichaphan was pumped. At the end of an exhausting, three-set match against Joachim Johansson, Srichaphan had enough energy left for a series of arm pumps and a few shouts of joy.
Overnight rain delays start Though the day of the final dawned bright and sunny, the six inches of rain that drenched this part of the world over the last week made parts of the ground too soggy for a timely start.
Selection of jurors first step in trial EAGLE, COLO. -- Kobe Bryant #39;s trial began yesterday with 300 prospective jurors arriving at the county courthouse to fill out questionnaires, the first step toward choosing 12 people who will decide whether 
Joyous pilgrims mark end of Najaf standoff Thousands of pilgrims streamed into the Imam Ali Shrine in Najaf yesterday as militants left, handing the keys to religious authorities after Iraq #39;s top Shia cleric 
Bangladesh won #39;t rule out foreign hand in blast Dhaka -- Bangladesh has not ruled out foreign involvement in a grenade attack on an opposition rally last week that killed 19 people and wounded more than 150.
Oil pipeline ablaze A DOMESTIC oil pipeline east of the Iraqi capital was ablaze today amid a wave of attacks against oil infrastructure in this volatile country, witnesses said.
Uma happy and in high spirits: Sushma Swaraj Dharwad, Aug. 28 (PTI): Senior BJP leader Sushma Swaraj, today said former Madhya Pradesh Chief Minister Uma Bharti, was  quot;happy, in very high spirits and is determined to remain in jail as long as the State Government wants her to be quot;.
Five die as river festival begins Five devotees were killed as tens of thousands of Hindus Saturday took a dip in the Krishna river in Andhra Pradesh to mark a major festival.
F1: Barrichello fastest in rain Ferrari's Rubens Barrichello sets the pace in Saturday's truncated practice at the Belgian Grand Prix.
Ramirez OK After Fouling Ball Off Knee The most satisfying images from the Boston Red Sox's latest win are the X-rays of Manny Ramirez's knee. The Boston slugger fouled a ball off his knee in the fourth inning of the Red Sox's 5-3 home victory over the Detroit Tigers on Friday night...
FCC Cuts Public Line To Phone Outage Data The Federal Communications Commission, citing concerns about national security, has abandoned a 10-year-old policy and will no longer give the public access to information about past telephone network outages. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
New Windows Planned for 2006 Microsoft Corp. announced yesterday that it will leave out some planned features from its next major operating system to meet a goal of rolling out a new version of Windows in the second half of 2006. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Winners and Losers - Videocon Cup The Videocon Cup tournament was hailed as a firecracker competition between three ICC Champions Trophy favourites; India, Pakistan and Australia.
Iraqi Rebels Leave Najaf Shrine, Hand in Weapons (Reuters) Reuters - Shi'ite fighters left the Imam Ali\Mosque in Najaf Friday and began turning in their weapons,\after tens of thousands of pilgrims celebrated a peace\agreement that ended a bloody rebellion.
Boat Capsizes in Vietnam, Killing 16 (AP) AP - A boat capsized in heavy winds on a river in northern Vietnam, killing 16 people, an official said Saturday.
Broadcast Treaty Battle Rages On Negotiation is nearing its final stage for an international treaty that would give broadcasters control over who records or transmits their signal. Broadcasters back the treaty, but digital rights advocates worry it could set an ominous precedent. By Wendy Grossman.
Swing and a Miss for Asteroid Telescopes spy the closest asteroid flyby ever recorded. Also: European astronomers find a 'super Earth' 300 trillion light years away.... and did DOS trickery foil the Spirit rover? By Amit Asaravala.
Secure Flight Gets Wary Welcome Air travelers face a new screening process before they step on a plane, Secure Flight. Civil liberties advocates say it's better than CAPPS II, but aren't completely sold yet. By Ryan Singel.
Gold turns to dust ATHENS, Greece -- It #39;s over. The US men #39;s basketball team #39;s run in the Olympics. The US dominance in the sport at all.
Birgit Fischer wins second medal in kayak Birgit Fischer settled for silver, leaving the 42-year-old Olympian with two medals in two days against decidedly younger competition.
Sane people won #39;t miss it Yes, Greece, you did good. Defied the doomsayers. Put on a good show. Blabbedy blah blah blah. But after three weeks here, most of them spent on the shuttle bus from the volleyball to taekwondo 
McDOWELL #39;S CUP CLAIMS FADE There appeared to be another faller in the Ryder Cup chase today when Ulsterman Graeme McDowell failed to make the dramatic move he needed in the third round of the BMW International Open in Munich.
For Jets, it was a coming-out party for revamped defense The coming-out party began in the tunnel before the game when Jets defensive coordinator Donnie Henderson bumped into owner Woody Johnson.
Silver surprise for US #39;s Abdallah In the weeks leading up to these Olympic Games, American Nia Abdallah wasn #39;t even on the radar screen of international taekwondo.
Calif. Cities, Counties Sue Microsoft (AP) AP - Several California cities and counties have sued Microsoft Corp., accusing the software giant of illegally charging inflated prices for its products because of monopoly control of the personal computer operating systems market.
Moyes rallying call to Everton faithful DAVID MOYES will attempt to rid Everton of Wayne Rooney hysteria and focus on keeping the momentum going after last weekend #39;s win at promoted Crystal Palace.
Analysts give thumbs-up to TD-Banknorth deal Analysts gave a broad thumbs-up on Friday to Toronto-Dominion Bank #39;s (TD.TO: Quote, Profile, Research) \$3.8 billion acquisition of a majority stake in Banknorth Group Inc.
Nokia  amp; Vodafone help define Java - yawn TALK ABOUT HAVING a finger in every pie, Vodafone has come up with another software initiative to make mobile phones more advanced and cheaper to make for the business user.
Powell Cancels Athens Visit for Closing Ceremony After Protest US Secretary of State Colin Powell canceled a visit to Athens to attend the closing ceremony of the Summer Olympic Games because of what the State Department said was more pressing business in Washington.
Iraq #39;s top Shiite clerics meet in Najaf, academic shot dead in &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; NAJAF, Iraq : Iraq #39;s top Shiite Muslim clerics, back in control of Najaf #39;s Imam Ali shrine after a four-month militia occupation, met amid the ruins of the city as life spluttered back to normality.
Bomb Blasts in Maharashtra IN a shocking incident over eighteen people were injured today in two separate bomb blasts in Jalna and Poorna towns of Maharashtra yesterday.
Special Interests Woo Powerful at RNC (AP) AP - It's party time for trade associations, companies and interest groups at the GOP convention in New York, and each is trying to outdo the next in gimmicks to lure in movers and shakers.
New Wave of Violence in Iraq Kills Five NAJAF, Iraq - War-weary Iraqis returned to devastated offices and shops in the holy city of Najaf on Saturday after three weeks of clashes as U.S. forces monitored a fragile cease-fire, but violence persisted in Baghdad, killing at least five people...
Fischer aiming for No. 9 ATHENS -- She won her first Olympic gold medal in kayaking when she was 18, the youngest paddler to do so in Games history. Yesterday, at 42, Germany #39;s golden girl Birgit Fischer won her eighth Olympic gold in the four-woman 500-metre kayak race.
Gold has nice ring to it Andre Ward was the last man standing for the US Olympics boxing team Friday night. Booed by a hostile crowd, confused about the score, running on fumes in the 
Hungary in second gold row Adrian Annus faces the threat of becoming the second Hungarian athlete to be stripped of a gold medal after he failed to show up for a drugs test yesterday.
RedEnvelope fends off dissident challenge (SiliconValley.com) SiliconValley.com - RedEnvelope, the San Francisco online gift retailer, on Friday fended off a challenge by dissident shareholders unhappy with the its performance -- but has still left some questions unanswered.
Russia Boosts Security After Twin Air Crashes  MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russia toughened security measures  Saturday and vowed to prevent any recurrence of twin air  crashes in which investigators were pursuing leads linked to  terrorism ahead of elections in volatile Chechnya.
HP iPod nearly same as Apple #39;s Hewlett-Packard on Friday unveiled its much-anticipated HP-branded iPod, a deal that instantly gives the company a popular product and greatly extends the retail reach of its partner, Apple Computer.
US BASKETBALL OUT OF GOLD MEDAL GAME Long, long, long after the Argentineans were still on the floor -- shirts off, tears replacing the sweat on their bodies, celebrating in a manner the hated Americans would have 
Argentina Wins First Olympic Gold for 52 Years As the Olympic Games headed into the home straight, Argentina won their first Olympic gold medal in more than half a century when their soccer team beat Paraguay Saturday.
England rule out Rooney England coach Sven-Goran Eriksson has confirmed in-demand striker Wayne Rooney will not figure in his squad for September #39;s World Cup qualifiers.
Janics claims Kayak double gold for Hungary to deny Fischer ATHENS : Natasa Janics of Hungary captured the women #39;s K1 500m kayak gold medal, then teamed up with Katalin Kovacs to win the K2 500m and deny Birgit Fischer a record-equalling ninth career Olympic gold.
Veteran, rookie enjoy sizzling rounds Fred Funk and PGA Tour rookie Zach Johnson had nearly perfect rounds yesterday and shared a one-stroke lead in the Buick Championship.
Two killed in Baghdad attacks Two civilians have been killed in the Iraqi capital as violence flares in different parts of Baghdad. Guerrillas fired mortars into eastern Baghdad on Saturday, killing the two civilians, an Interior Ministry spokesman said.
Australia bat in final Australia win the toss and bat first in the tri-series final against Pakistan.
Calif. Cities, Counties Sue Microsoft Several California cities and counties have sued Microsoft Corp., accusing the software giant of illegally charging inflated prices for its products because of monopoly control of the personal computer operating systems market.
Disappointing US loses to Argentina Argentina, with almost the same roster that made history in 2002 by becoming the first team to defeat a US squad of NBA players, will compete for the gold medal against Italy, which defeated Lithuania 100-91.
 #39;Mutilated bodies found in Najaf #39; - report Reporters have been led to see 15 bodies in a basement in Najaf claimed by Iraqi police to have been used as a religious court by supporters of rebel cleric Moqtada al-Sadr.
Pakistan Security Forces Come Under Attack (AP) AP - Suspected Islamic militants fired rockets at Pakistani paramilitary bases in tribal regions near Afghanistan, intelligence officials said Saturday. No one was reported injured.
The Pathway Less Traveled It's hard enough staying the right weight here on Earth. In space, it might be even harder. According to NASA-supported researchers, altered gravity somehow disrupts the natural ability \\of animals to maintain the appropriate weight. 
Rival to Boeing says A380 orders ahead of schedule LONDON (CBS.MW) -- Airbus on Friday said it received an order from Thai Airways International for six superjumbo A380 planes. Free!
Curtain rises on new HP line Hewlett-Packard CEO Carly Fiorina, using MTV #39;s Video Music Awards as a backdrop, launched HP #39;s model of Apple Computer #39;s popular iPod portable music player during a presentation in Miami Beach on Friday.
400 relay disaster completes Jones #39; tumble from heights A botched relay handoff followed her failure to medal in the long jump yesterday evening, making the Athens experience a wipeout for a woman who won five medals at the Games four years ago.
Powell Cancels Athens Trip The US State Department says Secretary Colin Powell has canceled a trip to Athens to attend the Olympics closing ceremony because of urgent business in Washington.
U.S., Australia Women to Face Off Again (AP) AP - At first glance, it would seem to be the perfect matchup  #151; a dream draw, if you will. All the United States has to do to claim a third straight gold medal in women's basketball on Saturday is beat Australia, which is 0-12 against U.S. teams in the Olympics and world championships.
Iran Ready to Provide Nuke 'Guarantees' (AP) AP - Iran is ready to provide "guarantees" it won't seek nuclear weapons and warned the United States that success in stabilizing Iraq and Afghanistan was impossible without Iranian support, the president said Saturday.
China OKs Measure to Boost Online Commerce (AP) AP - China's parliament on Saturday passed a law legalizing electronic signatures in an effort to boost its small but growing online commerce industry.
U.S. Study Links Human Activity to Global Warming (Reuters) Reuters - Warmer temperatures in North America\since 1950 were probably caused in part by human activity, the\Bush administration said in a report that appeared to\contradict the White House position there was no clear\scientific proof on the causes of global warming.
Dazed Residents of Iraq's Najaf Survey the Damage  NAJAF, Iraq (Reuters) - Hotel employee Rafaat Maher dreamed  the postwar reconstruction of Iraq would lure throngs of  customers to enjoy the view of sacred Najaf.
GDP growth slower in revision The US economy grew more slowly in the second quarter than previously stated, as it struggled under an increasing trade deficit and a slowdown in consumer spending, the Commerce Department said Friday.
NBA Commissioner Defends US Team Amid Criticism When Michael Jordan led the first NBA-studded  quot;Dream Team quot; into the Olympics in 1992, the hope was that their dazzling displays of basketball would inspire others to play better and bridge the gap with the Americans.
Hammer winner still missing THE International Olympic Committee (IOC) said today it was still trying to find Hungarian Olympic hammer champion Adrian Annus, who is suspected of having tampered with his Athens Games doping sample.
Russia to Tighten Passenger Requirements MOSCOW Aug. 28, 2004 - Russian airlines will be required to document passengers more thoroughly following this week #39;s twin plane crashes, a news agency reported Saturday, as the discovery of explosives stoked 
New strike action hits Bangladesh Bangladeshi businesses, schools and shops are closed, as a second general strike in a week takes place. The strike is in protest at a grenade attack a week ago on a rally addressed by the opposition Awami 
Jet crash was terrorist act, Russia says MOSCOW -- The downing of one of two Russian passenger jets that crashed nearly simultaneously earlier this week was an act of terrorism, investigators said yesterday after finding traces of explosives amid the wreckage of one of the airliners.
Musharraf ally wins prime minister vote Pakistan's parliament elected former finance minister Shaukat Aziz, a close ally of President Pervez Musharraf, as prime minister yesterday after the opposition boycotted the vote, saying it was undemocratic. Aziz, 55, worked 30 years as a Citibank executive before becoming finance minister when Musharraf took power in a bloodless military coup in 1999. Suave, articulate, and media-savvy, Aziz is credited ...
N. Korea environment in danger, UN warns NAIROBI, Kenya -- Urgent investment is needed in North Korea to deal with severe environmental problems that have depleted the country's forests, contaminated water supplies, and polluted the air, the head of the UN Environment Program said yesterday.
Powell Cancels Athens Visit US Secretary of State Colin Powell has dropped plans to visit Athens and attend the closing ceremony of the Olympics following anti-American protests in the Greek capital.
Despatie second after semi-finals Athens - Canadian diver Alexandre Despatie was second in the semi-final round of the men #39;s 10-metre tower at the Olympic Games on Saturday.
Becks: Fergie right man for Roon Everton this week rejected bids from Manchester United and Newcastle for the England international, only for the 18-year-old to hand in a transfer request on Friday.
Greenspan Sounds Alert on Social Security (AP) AP - For at least the fourth time this year, Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan has touched the electrified third rail of American politics  #151; Social Security.
Yemeni sentenced to death, others jailed over Limburg bombing (AFP) AFP - A Yemeni was sentenced to death and 14 others to jail over the 2002 bombing of the French supertanker Limburg and for other terror attacks, in controversial verdicts promptly appealed by both the defense and prosecution.
USOC rejects call for Hamm to return gold US Olympic officials Friday rejected as deplorable a suggestion by the International Gymnastics Federation that mens all-around individual champion Paul Hamm 
Ponting opts to bat first AUSTRALIA captain Ricky Ponting won the toss and elected to bat in the triangular series final against Pakistan at the VRA Ground in the Netherlands.
Hedge Fund Is Censured and Ordered to Pay Taxes federal judge ruled yesterday against Long-Term Capital Management, the mammoth hedge fund whose collapse in 1998 roiled world markets, finding that the fund acted 
Microsoft to release Longhorn in  #39;06 The Microsoft Corp. has decided to advance the timetable on its much-anticipated overhaul of Windows, the Financial Times reported Saturday.
Don #39;t cry ATHENS T he game was over. The gold was over. And here was Tim Duncan, who fouled out for the fourth time in seven games, sitting on the pavement outside the Olympic Indoor Hall, between a pair of giant plastic 
McDowell accepts dream is over McDowell was the rank outsider of all those still in with a chance of qualifying for Europes team because he had to win the final counting event - and even then he knew it might not be enough.
Funk loses sole lead after bogey ZACH JOHNSON, a rookie on the PGA Tour, and Fred Funk share the lead after the second round. Johnson is tied with Funk atop the leaderboard when Funk bogeyed the par-4 18th hole.
China Refuses Entry to Hong Kong Politician Chinese authorities have refused to let a pro-democracy politician from Hong Kong visit Shanghai. The incident occurs just two weeks before an election that is being seen as a test of support for the city #39;s democracy movement.
Gunmen shot dead female university lecturer in Iraq #39;s Mosul Unidentified gunmen shot and killed a female university lecturer as she was driving to work in Iraq #39;s main northern city of Mosul on Saturday, local police said.
Explosive Found in Wreckage of Second Russian Jet  MOSCOW (Reuters) - Explosives have been found in the  wreckage of the second of two jets which crashed almost  simultaneously this week, Russia's FSB security service said on  Saturday.
Competition leads to Kimberly-Clark cuts DALLAS - Kimberly-Clark, maker of Huggies diapers and Kleenex tissues, said Monday that it aims to cut costs by \$400 million to \$500 million over the next three years and will repurchase \$1 billion in stock during 2005.
U.N.: Sudan Agrees to Process Eritrean Asylum Seekers  CAIRO (Reuters) - Sudan has agreed to consider the asylum  claims of 76 Eritreans who forced a Libyan plane to land in  Sudan because they feared returning home, a U.N. official said  Saturday.  Libya had denied the Eritreans refugee status.
Hedge Fund Is Censured and Ordered to Pay Taxes A federal judge ruled Friday against Long-Term Capital Management, finding that the fund acted in bad faith when it took \$106 million in tax deductions.
Ward still standing for US Score tied. One round to go. A shot at an Olympic boxing gold medal at stake. Apparently only US coach Basheer Abdullah didn #39;t know his 178-pound fighter, Andre Ward, was even with 
Hammer Champion Facing Ioc Hearing Hammer gold medallist Adrian Annus will return to Athens to testify before an International Olympic Committee disciplinary hearing tomorrow, according to a Hungarian official.
Icon revered by pope is returned to Russian Orthodox Church MOSCOW A Russian icon is back home after hanging for years in Pope John Paul #39;s private chapel. The Vatican is returning the 18th century replica of the Mother of God of Kazan icon to the Russian Orthodox Church 
Israel Denies Spying on American Allies  JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israel denied Saturday spying on its  main ally, the United States, responding to suspicions a  Pentagon analyst passed secret papers to the Jewish state about  one of its most bitter enemies, Iran.
Explosives in second Russian jet Traces of explosive are found in the wreckage of a second crashed airliner, say Russian officials.
Calif. cities, counties sue Microsoft Six California counties and cities, including Los Angeles and San Francisco, are suing Microsoft for allegedly overcharging them. The lawsuit seeks to recover some of the 
Rooney would put United up with 1999 side - Ferguson Manchester United would be as strong as their 1999 European Cup-winning side if they captured England teenager Wayne Rooney, manager Alex Ferguson said.
Official: Puerto Rican failed drug test Puerto Rican wrestler Mabel Fonseca tested positive for a steroid in an initial doping test, a wrestling official said Saturday. Michel Dusson, secretary general of the International 
Unlikely duo advances to Pilot Pen championship No. 7 seed Elena Bovina and No. 8 seed Nathalie Dechy advance to today #39;s final following their respective semifinal wins Friday on Stadium Court at the Connecticut Tennis Center.
Final plunge for 10m platform There was nothing much to choose between the top four of world silver medallist Helm, Canada #39;s double Commonwealth champion Despatie and 2000 Olympic gold and silver medallists Tian and Hu after Saturday #39;s semi-final round.
Schumacher singing in the rain Michael Schumacher again proved his supremacy in the rain by splashing his way through to the fastest time in the pre-qualifying session for the Belgian Grand Prix at Spa-Francorchamps.
IMPRESSIVE SRI LANKA MAKE IT FOUR OUT OF FOUR Sri Lanka moved a step closer to a series whitewash over South Africa after comfortably clinching the fourth one-day international in Dambulla.
Iran Says U.S. Lacks Options on Its Atomic Program (Reuters) Reuters - Washington has hit a dead-end over\Iran's nuclear dossier, lacking enough proof to demand U.N.\sanctions and too bogged down in Iraq for a military strike,\President Mohammad Khatami said Saturday.
Depleted Sri Lanka too strong for South Africa (AFP) AFP - Kumar Sangakkara and Avishka Gunawardene slammed impressive half-centuries to help an under-strength Sri Lanka crush South Africa by seven wickets in the fourth one-day international here.
Credit Suisse to integrate CSFB Swiss bank Credit Suisse is to integrate its private investment bank Credit Suisse First Boston (CSFB) with the rest of its banking business.
Pope returns rare icon to Russia A Vatican cardinal returns a precious Russian icon to the  Orthodox Church in Moscow as a gift from the Pope.
It #39;s a nightmare, admits captain Smith Dambulla, Sri Lanka - Kumar Sangakkara and Avishka Gunawardene slammed impressive half-centuries to help an under-strength Sri Lanka crush South Africa by seven wickets in the fourth one-day international here on Saturday.
Yemen court sentences terror suspects A Yemen court has sentenced 15 men on terror charges, including the bombing of a French oil tanker and a plan to kill the US ambassador to Yemen.
Aussie PM steps up phoney election campaign Australia #39;s prime minister stepped up a phoney election campaign on Saturday amid speculation he could soon call for October polls and renewed claims he lied to voters before his 2001 re-election.
Lenovo to carve up IBM PC empire Healthy or unhealthy, this national dependence on the web has happened in the 10 short years since IBM targeted the domestic consumer with PCs powerful enough to connect with the web.
Homegrown Satellite Radio Software Draws XM Fire (Reuters) Reuters - Catching Blondie's reunion tour\broadcast at 4 a.m. wasn't an option for XM satellite radio\subscriber and single father Scott MacLean.
Lost? Your Phone Knows a Way Out (Reuters) Reuters - Back when everyone\believed the world was flat, people thought these rocky shores\on Spain's windswept "coast of death" were the end of the\world. In today's world, you only need a mobile phone to get\there ... and back.
HP to sell version of Apple's iPod (SiliconValley.com) SiliconValley.com - Hewlett-Packard on Friday unveiled its own version of Apple's iPod music player, part of its alliance with Apple Computer as well as HP's own foray into consumer electronics.
NYC Police Arrest 250 in Bicycle Protest (AP) AP - In the first major clash between police and demonstrators converging for the Republican National Convention, more than 250 bicyclists were arrested during a protest ride that snaked through the city and passed by Madison Square Garden.
Russia Finds Explosive Traces on 2nd Plane MOSCOW - Officials said Saturday they had found traces of an explosive on the wreckage of the second of two Russian airliners that crashed just minutes apart earlier this week. That would indicate terrorists caused both aviation tragedies...
Kilborn Stays Up 'Late' for Last Time LOS ANGELES - Craig Kilborn bid farewell to viewers of CBS' "Late Late Show" on Friday, concluding five seasons as its host despite the program's expanding audience.    Since announcing two weeks ago that he was leaving, the 42-year-old Kilborn has had difficulty explaining why he is walking away from a show that has seen its audience grow by more than a third during his tenure...
Homegrown Satellite Radio Software Draws XM Fire  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Catching Blondie's reunion tour  broadcast at 4 a.m. wasn't an option for XM satellite radio  subscriber and single father Scott MacLean.
British divers face platform final at Games Peter Waterfield and Leon Taylor, who collected Britain #39;s first Olympic diving medals in 44 years with silver in the synchronised platform event, have both made the 12-man 
Buick Championship remains wide open As evidenced by the leader board midway through the Buick Championship, it #39;s one of those rare golf courses that gives everyone a chance, from crafty finesse players like Fred Funk and Corey Pavin 
Yankees #39; home runs jolt Jays TORONTO - Home runs by Derek Jeter, Hideki Matsui and Bernie Williams were enough to lead the New York Yankees to another victory, despite the struggles of Esteban Loaiza.
Explosives  #39;in 2nd Russian crash #39; MOSCOW, Russia -- Explosives have been found in the wreckage of the second of two jets which crashed almost simultaneously this week, Russia #39;s FSB security service says.
Hundreds of rescuers airlifted to Taiwan village hit by huge &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; CHUPEI, Taiwan : Bulldozers and hundreds of rescuers were airlifted to a remote mountain village in Taiwan, where at least 19 people are feared dead after a typhoon triggered a massive landslide.
Eritrean hijackers seek political asylum in Sudan KHARTOUM, Sudan, Aug 28, 2004 (PANA) -- A group of 84 Eritrean deportees who on Friday forced a Libyan plane to land in Khartoum instead of Asmara, their country #39;s capital, has requested for political asylum in Sudan.
Russian Orthodox Patriarch Alexy II Blasts Vatican  #39;proselytism #39; ROME, Aug 27 (AFP) - Russian Patriarch Alexy II blasted the Roman Catholic and Protestant Churches Friday for proselytising in traditionally Orthodox areas of the former Soviet Union, even as the Vatican handed over a precious icon to his Orthodox Church.
British Airways chief admits company  #39;got it wrong #39; over staff &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; British Airways #39; (BA) chief executive Rod Eddington has admitted that the company  quot;got it wrong quot; after staff shortages led to three days of travel chaos for passengers.
The day on Wall Street: As oil price drops, Dow advances for third &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Oil prices went down and stock prices went up, pushing blue chip stocks to their third straight weekly gain. All the major stock market indexes moved up, although it was one of the lightest trading weeks of 
Scottsdale e-learning company acquired One of the Valley #39;s top venture-capital-backed companies said Friday that it is being acquired by database publishing giant Thomson Corp.
Chechnya  #39;Black Widows #39; linked to sabotage of Russian jets Russian officials investigating the crashes of two passenger planes have discovered the remains of two Chechen women thought to be  quot;Black Widows quot; - suicide bombers given that name 
Learn the Basics of Mutual Funds  PORTLAND, Maine (Reuters) - Some 93 million Americans own  shares of mutual funds, but many of these people have only  vague ideas of how they work. Here are some common questions  and the answers to them.
Investors Take a Holiday  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Investors may pack up and leave next  week as the Republican National Convention comes to New York  and many on Wall Street take a vacation, draining U.S. markets  of volume and leaving stocks flopping around with little  direction.
Mergers Up But Not Hot This Summer  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Corporate deal makers started the  summer hoping an improved economy would make this merger season  a hot one. As the bullish stock market and other  merger-friendly conditions fizzled, however, so did their  hopes.
Calpine Accounts Questioned  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Calpine Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=CPN.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;CPN.N&lt;/A&gt; has been  struggling badly ever since the Enron Corp. collapse in 2001  exposed the weaknesses of its power generation and trading  business, but a recent study of its accounts suggests worse may  still be to come.
Howard ire over Bush rift report The Tory leader reacts angrily to reports that he has been told his stance on the war means he cannot meet President Bush.
Microsoft says Longhorn to ship in 2006 without WinFS Microsoft is targeting late 2006 for the release of Longhorn, the long-awaited and ambitious successor to Windows XP. A server version is slated for 2007.
Big Business Is Not Immune The announcement yesterday by Attorney General John Ashcroft that the Justice Department had executed search warrants on five homes and one ISP in connection with alleged illegal copying and sharing of music and movie files didnt necessarily send 
UPDATE 2-Trulli takes pole at rainy Spa Renault #39;s Jarno Trulli claimed pole position for Sunday #39;s Belgian Grand Prix as weather conditions played into his hands in qualifying on Saturday.
Militia leaves Najaf shrine : Shia fighters left the holiest shrine in Najaf today and began turning in their weapons, after tens of thousands of pilgrims celebrated a peace agreement that ended a bloody rebellion.
Yemeni militants convicted on terror charges The charges include the 2002 bombing of a French oil tanker and plotting to kill the United States ambassador. One man was sentenced to death for killing a Yemeni police officer and seven received 10 year prison terms.
Russian Orthodox Church Takes Possession Of Kazan Icon 28 August 2004 -- The Russian Orthodox Church has taken possession of a religious icon that hung for years in the private chapel of Pope John Paul II.
Strategic games of atomic significance in Iran Iranian Foreign Minister Kamal Kharrazi is deeply involved in the most critical chess game of his career. His country faces allegations it is secretly building a nuclear weapons arsenal under 
Letting Israel Self-Destruct Take a run down the four-mile stretch of road that leads from Jerusalem to Maleh Adumim, which, with its 31,000 residents, is the West Bank #39;s largest settlement.
British Airways bosses help with check-ins LONDON -- The head of British Airways and top managers helped with passenger check-in Saturday as the airline sought recover from a week of chaos that stranded thousands of passengers.
USOC: No way Hamm drops gold US Olympic Committee officials angrily denounced gymnastics international federation for sending a letter to Olympic gold medalist Paul Hamm asking him 
Powell Cancels Visit to Athens Citing Busy Schedule Secretary of State Colin Powell has canceled a visit to Greece to attend the closing ceremonies of the Athens Olympics. Greek and US officials say anti-American demonstrations in the Greek capital hours before 
Birgit Fischer Wins Second Medal in Kayak Birgit Fischer settled for silver, leaving the 42-year-old Olympian with two medals in two days against decidedly younger competition.
UN Report: Anti-Terror War Still Losing The worldwide war on terror is still on the lose-side, as al-Qaeda is still posing as big a threat as ever, according to an alarming United Nations report.
Hundreds Held in New York Anti-Bush Bike Protest (Reuters) Reuters - Thousands of cyclists snarled traffic\in New York on Friday night and police said they arrested more\than 250 people and confiscated their bicycles in the first\significant protest against President Bush before the\Republican convention.
Iran Ready to Provide Nuke 'Guarantees' TEHRAN, Iran - Iran is ready to provide "guarantees" it won't seek nuclear weapons, President Mohammad Khatami said Saturday, urging the United Nations' nuclear watchdog agency to close its investigation into the country's program when it meets next month.    The United States, which says Iran is trying to develop weapons, is pushing the International Atomic Energy Agency to refer Tehran to the U.N...
Californians have fresh antitrust crack at Microsoft MICROSOFT IS facing a fresh onslaught over alleged antitrust activities, with authorities in San Francisco and Los Angeles claiming that its products have adversely affected civil servants and local government functionaries.
USA has the stuff bad dreams are made of The United States basketball team didn #39;t just lose to Argentina and, with it, a chance to play for the Olympic gold medal. The high-priced roster of NBA players might have lost something even more precious than that: the world #39;s respect.
 #39;Gamble #39; pays off for Trulli and Alonso Jarno Trulli grabbed his second pole position of the season at Spa on Saturday after taking a gamble and qualifying on intermediate tyres.
Two golds for Germany and Hungary on final day of canoe/kayak Schinias, Greece (Sports Network) - Germany and Hungary each claimed a pair of gold medals on the final day of the canoe/kayak program at the 2004 Olympics.
Saboteurs set pipeline ablaze inside southern Iraqi oilfield Rebels blew up a pipeline inside an oilfield in southern Iraq in the latest in a series of attacks on the country #39;s oil infrastructure that 
Sudan Rules Out Talk of African Troops (AP) AP - Sudan's government on Saturday ruled out discussion of an African Union proposal to send peacekeepers into the conflict-ridden Darfur region during the latest peace talks with rebels.
Capel Taken Off U.S. Relay After Positive Pot Test  ATHENS (Reuters) - World 200 meters champion John Capel did  not run on the United States 4x100 meters relay team in  Friday's Olympic semi-finals because of a positive test for  marijuana, U.S. head men's coach George Williams said on  Saturday.
Spurred by Soaring x86 Server Sales, Western European Server &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; LONDON -- According to data from IDC #39;s Western European Quarterly Server Tracker, server sales rose for the fourth consecutive quarter in the second quarter of 2004 with 10.
Gold or Nothing How You Play the Game? At the Olympics, Some Think It Is Whether You Win or Lose. By David Marash. ATHENS, Aug. 28, 2004 - There was literally a field house full of great performances as the world #39;s greatest 
Between fear and hope Howard or Latham? It depends on what kind of election it turns out to be, says Alistair Mant. John Howard will probably win an S-type election and Mark Latham an A-type election.
Russia Added to Central Asian Bloc (AP) AP - Four Central Asian nations on Saturday formally approved Russia's membership to their economic bloc, providing Moscow the opportunity to restore its influence in the strategic, energy-rich region.
Hungarian weightlifter stripped of silver, Puerto Rican wrestler &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Hungarian weightlifter Ferenc Gyurkovics was stripped of his silver medal and kicked out of the Olympics on Saturday for using steroids.
Amir Khan V Mario Kindelan Head-to-Head Bolton student Amir Khan steps into the ring tomorrow for the biggest fight of his young life. Facing him will be Cuban veteran Mario Kindelan, the 33-year-old defending Olympic lightweight champion.
Peace returns to Najaf Amid the twisted metal and rubble of downtown storefronts and homes, in the side streets where residents tentatively ventured out, and even among the rebels in retreat, the word 
Pope returns icon to Russia A Vatican delegation has returned a centuries-old Russian Orthodox icon to Russia #39;s Orthodox patriarch in a special ceremony. The Icon of Our Lady of Kazan, which has spent the last 
Investment urged in polluted North Korea Urgent investment is needed in North Korea to deal with serious environmental problems that have depleted the countrys forests, contaminated water supplies and polluted the air, the United Nations top environmental official has said.
Storm aid in high gear People in Polk and other counties declared disaster areas because of Hurricane Charley are getting federal and state help faster than any other emergency in history.
Relay debacle ends Jones #39; jinxed games HERE in the land of myth, that familiar god of sports -- karma -- threw a bolt of lightning into the Olympic stadium yesterday. Marion Jones lunged desperately with her baton in the 4 x 100m relay final, but couldn #39;t reach her target.
50 Hurt During Opposition Strike in Bangladesh Capital In Bangladesh, at least 50 people have been injured in clashes with authorities during a general strike called by the main opposition party.
Gunmen kill  #39;collaborator #39; A SUSPECTED Palestinian collaborator with Israel was executed late today by two gunmen outside a mosque in the West Bank city of Ramallah, Palestinian security sources said.
Fifteen rescued from doomed boat AN Australian navy frigate has plucked 15 people to safety from a burning and sinking Indonesian boat. The dramatic rescue was made 200 nautical miles east of Singapore.
Darfur Rebels Boycott Talks for 24 Hours (Reuters) Reuters - Sudan's two Darfur rebel groups\walked out of peace talks in Nigeria for 24 hours Saturday,\saying they needed to mourn 75 civilians killed by Sudanese\government forces and Arab Janjaweed militia in the last three\days.
Chechen capital empties ahead of election to replace slain leader (AFP) AFP - Chechnya's capital Grozny emptied as residents fearing rebel raids fled a day before an election to replace their slain pro-Moscow leader.
Turkish Truck Driver, Iraqi Found Dead (AP) AP - Police found the bodies of a slain Turkish truck driver and an Iraqi man on a highway in northern Iraq, a Turkish diplomat said Saturday.
U.S. Women Win Third Consecutive Basketball Gold  ATHENS (Reuters) - The U.S. women took their third  consecutive gold medal in Olympic basketball Saturday, breaking  open a close game in the fourth quarter to beat Australia  74-63.
Darfur Rebels Boycott Talks for 24 Hours  ABUJA, Nigeria (Reuters) - Sudan's two Darfur rebel groups  walked out of peace talks in Nigeria for 24 hours Saturday,  saying they needed to mourn 75 civilians killed by Sudanese  government forces and Arab Janjaweed militia in the last three  days.
Spa: Renault on pole position! Jarno Trulli made the most of the conditions in qualifying to claim pole ahead of Michael Schumacher, while Fernando finished third.
Hungarian Weightlifter Stripped of Silver Hungarian weightlifter Ferenc Gyurkovics was stripped of his silver medal and kicked out of the Olympics on Saturday for using steroids. Puerto Rican wrestler Mabel Fonseca was also expelled for a positive drug test.
U.S. Wins Third Gold BULLETIN&lt;br&gt;BC-OLY--Women's Final BKW,0040&lt;br&gt;BULLETIN&lt;br&gt;    ATHENS, Greece (AP)  --  The United States won the gold medal Saturday in women's basketball, beating Australia 74-63.
Sinn Fein Offers  #39;Huge Prize to All #39; Unionist and nationalist politicians in Northern Ireland have the prize of an end to militant republicanism within their grasp, a senior Sinn Fein figure stressed today.
Lebanese Cabinet Votes to Extend President #39;s Term in Office Lebanon #39;s Cabinet voted Saturday to amend the country #39;s constitution to permit President Emile Lahoud to stay in office for three more years after his present term ends.
Asian group welcomes Russia A CENTRAL Asian economic group today formally approved Russia #39;s membership bid, giving Moscow a chance to restore its influence in this strategic, energy-rich region.
Abortion levels hit record high in England and Wales (AFP) AFP - Doctors performed a record number of abortions in England and Wales in 2003, with almost two percent of women aged 15 to 44 choosing to end a pregnancy, according to health ministry figures published in the British press.
Lahoud to Stay in Office Three More Years (AP) AP - Pro-Syrian President Emile Lahoud's bid to stay in office three more years was assured in a dramatic about-face Saturday when political rival Prime Minister Rafik Hariri bowed to Syrian pressure and proposed a constitutional amendment allowing the head of state to extend his term.
U.S. Women Win Third Consecutive Basketball Gold  ATHENS (Reuters) - The U.S. women took their third  consecutive gold medal in Olympic basketball on Saturday,  breaking open a close game in the fourth quarter to beat  Australia 74-63.
Democrat Urges Better Reservist Benefits (AP) AP - National Guard and Reserve soldiers deserve better health care and other benefits from the federal government, said North Dakota Democrat Rep. Earl Pomeroy.
Federal judge rejects tax shelter used by Nobel winners NEW HAVEN, CONN. - A partnership that includes Nobel Prize-winning economists is not eligible for \$106 million in tax deductions it claimed from a tax shelter, a federal judge ruled Friday in a case that has 
Thai Airways To Finance 14 New Planes Mainly By Borrowing BANGKOK (Dow Jones)--Thai Airways International PCL (THAI.TH) plans to fund the planned purchase of 14 new aircraft, worth a total of 96.
Powell #39;s Athens trip off amid protests The US State Department has announced the cancellation of Secretary of State Colin Powell #39;s planned lightning visit to Athens to attend the Olympics closing ceremony on Sunday.
Moutain bike gold to France FRANCE finally struck cycling gold when Julien Absalon won the mountain bike cross country title today in the last cycling race of the Games.
A little competition for Schumacher SPA-FRANCORCHAMPS, Belgium - Jarno Trulli is the only driver to beat Michael Schumacher this season. On Saturday, the Renault driver claimed another victory.
Toronto Blue Jays Team Report - August 28 (Sports Network) - The Toronto Blue Jays look to rebound from a tough loss as they host the New York Yankees for the third of a four-game set at SkyDome.
Moscow admit to finding explosives on both Russian jets The FSB (Russia #39;s security service and ex KGB) have confirmed that explosives have been located on the second crashed Russian jet.
Tehran seeking role in Mid-East Iranian President Mohammad Khatami has warned that peace cannot come to the Middle East without the help of Iran. Mr Khatami was responding to questions from reporters about American policies in the region.
Chechnya prepares to go to polls MAKHACHKALA, Russia -- Chechens this weekend are choosing a replacement for their assassinated president -- the Kremlin hoping the vote will bring some stability to a region racked by a decade of violence.
Investors Take a Holiday (Reuters) Reuters - Investors may pack up and leave next\week as the Republican National Convention comes to New York\and many on Wall Street take a vacation, draining U.S. markets\of volume and leaving stocks flopping around with little\direction.
Duke Welcomes Freshmen With New IPods (AP) AP - Newly arrived Duke University freshmen got something considerably snazzier than the usual Blue Devils T-shirts and ball caps: Their goodie bags included a free iPod digital music player engraved with the school's crest and the words "Class of 2008."
Argentina Wins First Olympic Gold in 52 Years  ATHENS (Reuters) - Argentina won its first Olympic gold  medal in 52 years in the soccer final Saturday, while the U.S.  women's basketball team atoned for their men's failure by  storming to victory.
Tehran seeking role in Mid-East Iranian President Mohammad Khatami warns that peace cannot come to the Middle East without the help of Iran.
Smith saves Man United from defeat at Blackburn Manchester United needed a controversial equaliser from striker Alan Smith in the fourth minute of stoppage time to snatch a 1-1 at Blackburn Rovers on Saturday.
34 Gold Medals Up for Grabs on 15th Day of Olympics The sailing and canoe-kayak events have closed at the Athens Olympics while athletics, wrestling, and basketball will give fans plenty to cheer at the Athens Olympics.
'Friendly' Killer Whale Damaging Boats (AP) AP - A "playful" killer whale who likes to frolic alongside fishermen has damaged three boats in separate incidents in recent weeks.
BoSox Beat Tigers, Keep Pace With Yankees The most satisfying images from the Boston Red Sox's latest win are the X-rays of Manny Ramirez's knee. The Boston slugger fouled a ball off his knee in the fourth inning of the Red Sox's 5-3 home victory over the Detroit Tigers on Friday night...
The Coming Week: Street Fight With the Republican National Convention kicking off on Monday and a slew of economic reports due out in the week ahead, investors could be in for some rough sledding.
Biz Supports Federal Anti-Piracy Program The record industry #39;s anti-piracy czar has given a thumbs-up to the Department of Justice #39;s Operation Digital Gridlock. The program is the federal government #39;s attempt 
EU Probes Microsoft-Time Warner Deal BRUSSELS, Belgium Aug. 25, 2004 - Risking another trans-Atlantic tussle over Microsoft Corp., European Union antitrust regulators said Wednesday they were investigating whether the software giant #39;s deal with media conglomerate Time Warner Inc.
The Olympics Are Ending: Now Athens Pays for a Nice Party The very pleasant Games most people experienced, superimposed on one of the world #39;s historic cities. The very expensive Games that Greeks will have to underwrite for decades.
Musharraf Ally Sworn in As Pakistan PM Pakistan #39;s economic czar Shaukat Aziz was sworn in as prime minister Saturday and said his government #39;s greatest challenge would be combatting terrorism and maintaining law and order.
Move to bolster Lebanon president Lebanon #39;s cabinet has approved a bill to amend the constitution and allow the president, Emile Lahoud, to stay in power for another three years.
Dhaka Seeks Interpol Help in Blasts Probe DHAKA, 28 August 2004 - Bangladesh has called in Interpol to assist investigations into the Aug. 21 grenade attack on an Awami League rally which killed 20 people and wounded 300, a senior police officer said yesterday.
British Airways bosses help out as airline claims problems &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; LONDON Yes, that was the head of the British Airways helping out at London #39;s Heathrow Airport today, as the airline scrambles to recover from a week of chaos.
Hamm rebuffs FIG request ATHENS - American gymnast Paul Hamm apparently has no intention of voluntarily giving up his Olympic gold medal in the men #39;s all-around competition.
Chelsea march on as United falter (AFP) AFP - Chelsea recovered from the shock of going a goal down after only 12 seconds to beat Southampton 2-1 and extend their winning start to the season to four matches.
Cal is skeptical of voting It #39;s Tuesday morning in college football, California still isn #39;t going to the Rose Bowl and, frankly, people want answers.
Hoddle lands manager #39;s job with Wolves WOLVERHAMPTON, Dec 7 (SW) - Former Tottenham Hotspur boss Glenn Hoddle has been named the new manager of Wolverhampton Wanderers, succeeding Dave Jones, who was sacked in November.
Injured Athlete Released An athlete from the Central African Republic is released from the hospital Saturday, one day after he was briefly knocked unconscious in an Olympic taekwondo bout.
Branca and Berbatov help Leverkusen crush Bayern Two goals each from Brazilian forward Branca and Bulgarian Dimitar Berbatov gave Bayer Leverkusen a decisive 4-1 victory over Bayern Munich on Saturday.
Traces of explosive found on second plane in Russia Moscow - Officials said Saturday they had found traces of an explosive in the wreckage of the second of two Russian airliners that crashed just minutes apart last Tuesday.
Thatcher to go it alone MARK Thatcher #39;s wife, Diane, is planning to begin a new life in the US and leave her husband to face the coup scandal alone in South Africa.
No backdown on uranium: Iran THE UN nuclear watchdog must accept Iran #39;s right to enrich uranium as part of its civil nuclear program, Iranian President Mohammad Khatami said today.
Turkey #39;s Embassy In Baghdad Investigating Reports On Killing Of &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; ANKARA - Officials of Turkey #39;s Embassy in Baghdad are investigating press reports of the al-Jazeera television saying that two Turkish hostages were found dead in the north of Iraq.
Eagles Have T.O., but Also Need Some TLC (AP) AP - Terrell Owens and Jevon Kearse arrived in Philadelphia this spring as the top receiver and pass rusher who can elevate the hopes of a team that has lost three straight NFC title games. But as the 2004 NFL season starts, the Eagles are battered, a reminder that injuries are the great equalizer that can neutralize any big-money, big-name offseason moves.
Zimbabwe court says Mann guilty in 'coup plot' arms deal (AFP) AFP - A court in Zimbabwe found Briton Simon Mann guilty of attempting to illegally buy arms to stage a putsch in oil-rich Equatorial Guinea but acquitted 66 other defendants of involvement in the alleged coup.
Ohio GOP in Midst of Money Scandal (AP) AP - On the eve of the GOP National Convention, Republicans in battleground Ohio are in the midst of a fund-raising scandal and fighting in the ranks that have played out through name calling, anonymous allegations and reports of document thefts.
Kerry War Debate Hinges on Fickle Memories (AP) AP - You'd think the details would be scorched into a veteran's memory like a cattle brand: ducking gunfire, seeing someone die in battle, bracing against a blast's concussion. Who could forget?
To Be Picture-Perfect, a Choice of 3 Bruce Goodman is shopping for a new plasma television. He #39;s been doing that for a while -- about six months.  quot;It #39;s much more work than it ought to be, quot; he said of his research.
SEC to make qualifications of independent directors harder The Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) will amend its rules on the qualification of independent directors to make it in line with global standards.
MacCentral Week in Review Both under the hood and above it, the Apple iPod from HP looks just like the Apple iPod from Apple. It has the same Click Wheel, backlit black and white LCD screen and chrome and white case design.
Monty tipped for wildcard Ryder Cup qualifiers Thomas Levet and Miguel Angel Jimenez moved two shots clear at 15-under with one round of the BMW International in Munich remaining.
2 Arrested in Alleged NYC Subway Bomb Plot NEW YORK - Two men have been arrested in connection with an alleged plot to bomb a subway station in midtown Manhattan, sources said early Saturday.    At least one of the men may have an affiliation with a terrorist organization, according to two law enforcement sources, who spoke on condition of anonymity...
To Be Picture-Perfect, a Choice of 3 Digital, high-definition television can be a complex enough business in its own right. But the shift from analog to digital now also means a shift from fat to flat. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Longhorn to be Released in 2006, Sans WinFS skillio writes  quot;Everyone #39;s favorite OS maven, Bill Gates, announced a release date for Longhorn on Friday. He confirms what many had suspected - Microsoft will attempt to complete this release in calendar year 2006.
India battles the red river dragon India #39;s fear of a downstream deluge in the Sutlej River in the northwestern state of Himachal Pradesh, should a blockage on the Peerechu river in Tibet burst, highlights the 
Chinas here! Dragon fire scorches track Liu Xiang became the first man from China to win an Olympic athletics gold medal here Friday after scorching to victory in the mens 110 metres hurdles with a world record-equalling time.
Kookas enjoy last laugh HAVING finally wrapped their hands around the holy grail - an Olympic gold medal -ustralia #39;s men #39;s hockey players retired to their dressingrooms to perform a victory ritual immortalised by a national team familiar with success.
Men #39;s Tennis: Srichaphan, Hewitt Advance to Long Island Cup &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Two-time defending champion Paradorn Srichaphan of Thailand and former world number one Lleyton Hewitt of Australia have advanced to Saturday #39;s semifinals of the Long Island Cup men #39;s tennis tournament in New York.
Premiership roundup LONDON - Chelsea claimed its fourth straight win of the season by beating Southampton 2-1 on Saturday while Alan Smith scored a controversial late equalizer for Manchester United to draw 1-1 at Blackburn.
BSU #39;s MBA program thriving as others struggle MUNCIE, Ind. -- Ball State University officials said the college is bucking a nationwide trend toward declining enrollment in MBA degree programs.
Getting a search engine ranking In the final article in a series on building a website, Michael Herman explains how Google ranks webpages and what you can do to improve your ranking.
Va. Tech Gets Big Chance With No. 1 USC (AP) AP - Three straight late-season stumbles have taken the luster off Virginia Tech. Now the Hokies are looking to get it back, and there's no better way to do that than to knock off No. 1 Southern California. The Hokies and Trojans open the season Saturday night in the Black Coaches Association Classic at FedEx Field, home of the Washington Redskins. The game begins at 7:45 p.m.
Protesters March Across Brooklyn Bridge (AP) AP - Thousands of abortion-rights activists marched across the Brooklyn Bridge on Saturday, the latest in a growing procession of protests leading up to the Republican National Convention.
And keep on visiting our sponsors! It all counts. Thanks.) p2pnet.net News:- By the time Microsoft finally un-corrals Longhorn, a significant portion of its potential customer base will be long gone.
Uniform Snafu Delays US Bronze Medal Basketball Game The men #39;s Olympic bronze medal basketball game on Saturday between the United States and Lithuania was delayed after both teams showed up at the Olympic Indoor Hall wearing their home white uniforms, officials said.
With protesters waiting, Powell cancels trip to Olympics Secretary of State Colin Powell canceled his trip to Greece at the last minute partly because of concern his presence -- expected to be met with anti-war protests -- might have disrupted the closing ceremony at the Olympics, State Department officials 
Governing Body Stands by Hamm All of us in the USA Gymnastics family were surprised and saddened to read the comments Paul Hamm made in an article by Juliet Macur,  quot;Hamm Set to Put Ordeal in the Past quot; (Aug. 25), concerning the support 
Manchester United makes second bid for Wayne Rooney, Everton says Manchester United has made a second bid for Wayne Rooney, the 18-year-old striker #39;s club Everton said Saturday. The bid was higher than the unsuccessful 23.
Radcliffe agony  #39;seen by 12.8m #39; Almost 13 million UK viewers tuned in to watch Paula Radcliffe attempt to run the Olympic 10,000 metres on Friday. Radcliffe dropped out of the race with 12 of the 25 laps to go, just five days after quitting the marathon in tears.
Darfur rebels boycott talks for 24 hours over attacks ABUJA : Darfur #39;s two rebel groups said they would boycott African Union-led peace talks with Sudanese officials for one day in protest at alleged recent attacks on civilians by government forces.
New Pakistani PM takes oath Pakistan #39;s new prime minister, Shaukat Aziz, took his oath of office Saturday, becoming Pakistan #39;s 21st prime minister in 57 years.
Bonds Passes on Day Off, Stays in Lineup (AP) AP - Barry Bonds decided against taking a day off and was in the lineup Saturday against the Atlanta Braves. The Giants slugger often skips day games that follow night games, and he originally was scheduled to sit out Saturday.
Uniform Foul-Up Delays Lithuania-U.S. (AP) AP - The United States and Lithuania both arrived wearing white uniforms to the bronze-medal basketball game Saturday, delaying the start for 48 minutes.
Police Patrol Najaf, Workers Clear Rubble (AP) AP - The crash of explosions and crackle of gunfire that have torn through Najaf for weeks gave way Saturday to the clangs of shovels clearing the destruction and the wail of police sirens announcing the return of government control to the devastated holy city.
Golden double for Holmes Britain's Kelly Holmes makes Olympic history by adding 1500m gold to her 800m title.
Fernando lauds fantastic qualifying result The Spaniard will start tomorrows race from third position, and expects to run a strong race.
Bush Takes On Direct Role in Shaping Election Tactics Mixed in with daily updates on security, the president receives a quick campaign overview from Karl Rove.
Nature Outings Reduce ADHD Symptoms 'Green' treatments could provide cheap, healthy therapy for children, study says    HealthDayNews -- The great outdoors provides great benefits to children with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder.    So says a University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign study in the September issue of the American Journal of Public Health...
U.S. Eateries Push for Obesity Lawsuit Protection By IRA DREYFUSS    WASHINGTON (AP) -- Bills to protect restaurants and food companies against lawsuits by people who claim the meals or snacks made them fat are moving ahead in the states like hamburgers passed out a drive-thru window.    Measures known as "cheeseburger bills" bar people from seeking damages in court from food companies for weight gain and associated medical conditions, including heart disease and diabetes...
California Cities and Counties Sue Microsoft By PAUL ELIAS    SAN FRANCISCO (AP) -- Several California cities and counties, including San Francisco and Los Angeles, sued Microsoft Corp. (MSFT) on Friday, accusing the software giant of illegally charging inflated prices for its products because of monopoly control of the personal computer operating system market...
Bush Acknowledges  #39;Time of Change #39; for Workers President Bush on Saturday acknowledged US manufacturing workers have seen a  quot;time of change quot; in the economy but said his private sector-based policies were the way to boost growth.
U.N. Fears Child Mercenaries Being Hired in Liberia (Reuters) Reuters - Child soldiers who fought during\Liberia's 14-year civil war may be being recruited to fight\again as mercenaries in neighboring Guinea, a senior U.N.\official said.
Pakistani, US national arrested in New York bomb plot (AFP) AFP - A Pakistani national and a US citizen were arrested over an alleged plot to blow up a subway station in New York, city police commissioner Raymond Kelly said.
2 Arrested in Alleged NYC Subway Bomb Plot NEW YORK - A U.S. citizen and a Pakistani national were arrested in an alleged plot to bomb a subway station in midtown Manhattan, and possibly other locations around the city, police said Saturday...
Moyes praises Everton fans David Moyes praised the Everton fans on Saturday - after they booed Wayne Rooney - for supporting the team  #39;superbly #39;. Leon Osman scored twice as the Toffees beat West Bromwich Albion 2-1 at Goodison Park, but 
Levet, Jimenez Share Lead at BMW Open (AP) AP - Thomas Levet shot a 9-under-par 63 Saturday and shared the third-round lead with Miguel Angel Jimenez at the BMW International Open, where a half-dozen players are vying for European Ryder Cup berths.
Bush ahead in latest Time voter poll (AFP) AFP - Republican President George W. Bush leads Democrat John Kerry by two point margin, according to a Time magazine poll out -- well within the poll's margin for error and similar to surveys released earlier.
Halftime: US leads Lithuania in bronze medal game Athens, Greece (Sports Network) - The United States has grabbed a 49-44 lead over Lithuania at the half of their bronze medal game at the Olympics.
ATHENS OLYMPIC 2004 / 2 star athletes face tragic endings By Ken &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Marion Jones and Paula Radcliffe came up empty-handed when their Olympics ended before their races did. Tragic endings in their final events at the Athens Olympics left the two biggest female stars with no 
El Guerrouj golden again Athens, Greece (Sports Network) - Hicham El Guerrouj of Morocco came into these Olympics without a gold medal, but now he has two after winning the men #39;s 5000 meters Saturday night.
Activists pleased by latest Pinochet ruling Human rights campaigners have reacted with delight to news that Chile #39;s former military dictator General Augusto Pinochet could finally stand trial.
'Butterfly Ballot' Creator Fights for Job (AP) AP - The creator of the infamous "butterfly ballot" used in the 2000 presidential election is fighting for her job as Palm Beach County's elections chief.
Iraq Group Takes 2 French Citizens Hostage  DUBAI (Reuters) - An Iraqi militant group has kidnapped two  French citizens and is demanding the French government end a  ban on Muslim headscarves to free them, Arabic television  station Al Jazeera said Saturday.
El Guerrouj hits gold again Hicham El Guerrouj shocks world record holder Kenenisa Bekele to win the 5,000m.
Indian Truckers Call Off Strike Indian truckers have called off their weeklong strike to protest a service tax after reaching an agreement with the government, the finance ministry said Saturday.
RIAA SUES 744 MUSIC PIRATES The recording industry continued its onslaught of lawsuits against illegal filesharers yesterday, filing suit against hundreds of computer users who allegedly make music available online.
Grokster Ruling Fuels P2P Battle The battle against Internet piracy could shift in earnest to Capitol Hill and further into the homes of individual consumers as the recording industry 
Borzakovskiy becomes first Russian to win men #39;s 800 ATHENS : Yuriy Borzakovskiy became the first Russian runner to win the Olympic Games men #39;s 800 metres here. Lying at the back of the eight-man field at the bell, Borzakovskiy unleashed his trademark sizzling 
With 98 Medals, U.S. Tops Sydney Total (AP) AP - With the women's 1,600-meter relay team winning gold Saturday night, the United States picked up its 98th medal, topping the total won four years ago in Sydney. Next up: the goal of 100 set by the U.S. Olympic Committee. There was a chance of hitting it late Saturday through one more relay, the men's javelin and men's basketball. If not, it could be tight on Sunday.
Away on Business: Friends Behind Bars  NEW YORK (Reuters) - By profession, they are Hong Kong  lawyers, military analysts, U.N. diplomats and surgeons, but in  the mental dossiers of good bartenders these out-of-town  customers are also parents, golfers, cancer patients and  broken-hearted lovers.
Britain Edges U.S. for 400M Relay Gold ATHENS, Greece - Stymied by a sloppy handoff in the middle of the race, the United States lost to Great Britain by a hundredth of a second Saturday night in the 400-meter relay - a race the American men usually dominate.    U.S...
British Quartet Stuns US in Sprint Relay Britain took a shock gold in the men #39;s Olympic 4x100 meters relay Saturday, pipping favorite the United States by one hundredth of a second.
Sports: Holmes added 15-hundred to 800 title ATHENS, Greece Britain #39;s Kelly Holmes has a rare middle-distance double at the Olympics. She came from behind to win the women #39;s 15-hundred today in Athens.
US Economy Grew at Slower Pace Than Expected he United States economy grew more slowly in the second quarter than previously stated, as it struggled under an increasing trade deficit and a slowdown in consumer spending, the Commerce Department said in a report today.
Server Market Share Research has lately shown that enterprises are going to spend a lot of money on IT hardware and infrastructure during the rest of the year, and both Gartner and IDC have new numbers tracking ongoing growth in the server market.
Athletics: Rare distance doubles for El Guerrouj and Holmes ATHENS Hicham El Guerrouj became the first man in 80 years to win the 1,500 and the 5,000 races at the same Olympics, joining Finnish great Paavo Nurmi in the history books Saturday.
Joe Davidson: Access to Info in Kobe Bryant Trial Description: Jury selection got underway Friday in the Kobe Bryant sexual assault trial in Eagle, Colo. News organizations have argued that limits on media access inside the courtroom does not let them fully cover the story.
US NBA stars beat Lithuania to win Olympic men's basketball bronze (AFP) AFP - The United States defeated Lithuania 104-96 here to win the Olympic men's basketball bronze medal game.
Protesters at Home of Swift Boat Backer (AP) AP - Nearly 40 protesters gathered Saturday at the home of the chief financial backer of the Swift Boat Veterans for Truth, whose ads criticize Democrat John Kerry's military record.
El Guerrouj Completes Rare Distance Double Hicham El Guerrouj became the first man in 80 years to win the 1,500 and 5,000 meters at one Olympics, holding up two fingers in triumph Saturday after outsprinting the world 
Holmes completes double by winning 1,500 Kelly Holmes of Britain completed a rare double when she captured the Olympic gold medal in the 1,500-meter race Saturday to go with her win in the 800.
Bovina captures Pilot Pen title New Haven, CT (Sports Network) - Seventh-seeded Elena Bovina defeated eighth- seeded Nathalie Dechy of France in three sets Saturday to win the championship at the \$585,000 Pilot Pen Tennis event -- a final US Open tune-up.
Analysis: Can Shaukat Aziz deliver? The reins of power have once again been handed over in Pakistan. And once again, it #39;s a man hand-picked by the country #39;s military ruler, Gen Pervez Musharraf.
American Men Salvage Bronze in Basketball (AP) AP - The U.S. men's basketball team can console itself with two things: third place and the highest point total of the Olympic tournament. The Americans took the bronze-medal game seriously Saturday night and earned some revenge in a 104-96 victory over Lithuania. But that wasn't what they came to Athens for.
Traces of explosive found on 2nd plane in Russian aviation disaster (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - MOSCOW (AP) - Russian investigators found explosive residue on the wreckage of the second of two airliners that crashed minutes apart, a security spokesman said Saturday, adding to evidence that terrorists breached security at one of the country's most up-to-date airports.
Hawaii's Chang Eyes Career Passing Mark (AP) AP - Hawaii football coach June Jones knew something special was in store four years ago when a lanky, baby-faced teenager stepped onto the practice field and completed eight straight passes.
Commercials Return to Masters Telecast (AP) AP - Television advertising is back at the Masters. Martha Burk and her campaign against the all-male membership at Augusta National might not be too far behind.
United States Retains Both 4x400 Titles  ATHENS (Reuters) - The United States retained both Olympic  4x400 meters relay titles Saturday with individual champion  Jeremy Wariner running the third leg for the men's team.
Cael Sanderson Wins Freestyle Wrestling Gold Medal  ATHENS (Reuters) - Cael Sanderson turned into the United  States' new wrestling hero Saturday after he won the Olympics  84kg freestyle gold medal on an evening where four countries  shared the honors.
U.S. Men's Basketball Team Takes Bronze Medal  ATHENS (Reuters) - The U.S. men's basketball team salvaged  some pride Saturday, beating Lithuania 104-96 to take the  Olympic bronze medal.
Hewitt in Long Island Final After Tursunov Injury  COMMACK, New York (Reuters) - Second seed Lleyton Hewitt  enjoyed a comfortable passage into the final of the Long Island  Cup Saturday when Russian Dmitry Tursunov retired from their  semi-final match because of a back injury.
Impressive Russian Bovina Clinches New Haven Title  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Elena Bovina added her name to the  list of Russians to watch at next week's U.S. Open when she  beat Nathalie Dechy to win the New Haven Open Saturday.
UPDATE 1-Bush touts tax cuts, aide acknowledges  #39;soft patch #39; US President George W. Bush said on Saturday his tax cuts were working to lift growth but a senior aide acknowledged that the economy hit a  quot;soft patch quot; over the last six or eight weeks.
City manager says she #39;ll meet with opponents SAN ANTONIO - City Manager Terry Brechtel shunned demands for her resignation Thursday and vowed to fight for her job by meeting with the elected officials who want to oust her.
Arsenal extends record unbeaten run Arsenal extended its record league unbeaten streak to 44 games with a 4-1 victory Saturday at Norwich, and 18-year-old American defender Jonathan Spector made his Premier 
The other November elections In November 2004, Lebanese President Emil Lahoud will complete his six-year term. Parliament, according to the constitution, has to elect the new president (from the Maronite Christian community).
Bush Defends Record as Protesters Hit NY Streets (Reuters) Reuters - President Bush, on the road to next\week's Republican convention, defended his economic record in\hard-hit Ohio on Saturday as abortion-rights activists marched\through New York City on the front edge of a wave of anti-Bush\protests.
End Headscarf Ban, Iraq Hostage Takers Warn France  DUBAI (Reuters) - An Iraqi militant group has kidnapped two  Frenchmen and given the French government 48 hours to end a ban  on Muslim headscarves, Arabic television station Al Jazeera  said Saturday.
Dream Team Puts U.S. at Goal of 100 Medals ATHENS, Greece - While the U.S. men's basketball team fell short of its gold-medal goal, the bronze it won Saturday night helped the American delegation reach a bigger goal - it was the 100th U.S...
Gunners roll; United struggles to tie LONDON -- Arsenal extended its record unbeaten run with a 4-1 win at Norwich City and Chelsea topped Southampton 2-1 Saturday, but Manchester United needed a stoppage-time equalizer to draw 1-1 with 10-man Blackburn Rovers.
Canadian Despatie leads heading into 10-metre tower final at &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; ATHENS (CP) - Canadian diver Alexandre Despatie lost his bid for a second medal in Athens after finishing fourth Saturday in the men #39;s 10-metre tower.
British Stun US in Sprint Relay Britain took a shock gold in the men #39;s Olympic 4x100 meters relay Saturday, pipping favorites the United States by one hundredth of a second.
US Welcomes End of Najaf Standoff, Criticizes Syria #39;s Role in &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; US Deputy Secretary of State Richard Armitage is welcoming Friday #39;s end of the three-week occupation of the Imam Ali Shrine in Najaf by Shi #39;ite militiamen as a great victory for Iraq #39;s interim government.
Hu Jia crowned in men #39;s 10m platform in Athens Hu Jia, Sydney silver medallist from China, was crowned in the men #39;s 10m platform final here on Saturday, finishing the competition with 748.
After 3 Weeks of Fighting in Najaf, 1 Riddle: Who Won? In a single moment last week, all the mystery and contradiction surrounding Moktada al-Sadr, Iraq #39;s rebel cleric, came into focus.
Rebels boycott Sudan peace talks Rebel groups walked away from peace talks with the Sudanese government in the Nigerian capital of Abuja on Saturday in protest of alleged attacks by the government-supported Janjaweed militia in the embattled Darfur region, a 
Yemen sentences 15 militants on terror charges SANAA, YEMEN - A court in Yemen has sentenced one man to death and 14 others to prison terms of up to 10 years for a series of attacks on foreign targets.
Iraq group captures French journalists Aljazeera has aired a video tape showing two French journalists captured in Iraq by an armed group. The video on Saturday showed the two men standing in front of a banner bearing the name of the  quot;Islamic Army in Iraq quot;.
Yankees Remove Loaiza From Rotation (AP) AP - After five mediocre starts, Esteban Loaiza lost his job in the New York Yankees' rotation on Saturday and was sent to the bullpen. Loaiza failed to make it out of the fifth inning in Friday's 8-7 victory over Toronto.
Bush Readies Second-Term Proposals for RNC (AP) AP - Abortion-rights protesters and the first Republican delegates descended on President Bush's heavily fortified convention city Saturday as campaign officials said their boss would use the nomination spotlight to defend his hawkish foreign polices and offer a second-term agenda for health care, education and job training.
Smarter Mobile Java Framework on Tap for 2005 A new push is on for a smarter, less finicky Java mobile architecture -- with the goal of making it easier for Java/J2ME architects and devs to design, deploy, develop and manage mobile apps.
China wins eighth and ninth diving medals Athens, Greece (Sports Network) - The Olympic diving competition came to a close Saturday night with the men #39;s 10-meter platform final, and China increased its medal take to nine with a gold and bronze medal.
El Guerrouj Completes Rare Distance Double ATHENS, Greece - Hicham El Guerrouj became the first man in 80 years to sweep the 1,500 and 5,000 meters at an Olympics, holding up two fingers in triumph after winning the 5,000 Saturday night in an all-out sprint down the final straightaway.
Azeri Protest Spoils US, China Taekwondo Gold The taekwondo Olympic competition degenerated into chaos Saturday when irate Azerbaijan coaching staff stormed the fighting area in ugly scenes which overshadowed US and Chinese gold medals.
CVN Fog of War Glance (AP) AP - Claims and counter-claims by Vietnam veterans about John Kerry's military record:
End Headscarf Ban, Iraq Hostage Takers Warn France  DUBAI (Reuters) - An Iraqi militant group has kidnapped two  French journalists and given the French government 48 hours to  end its ban on Muslim headscarves in school, Arabic television  station Al Jazeera said Saturday.
Row over 'political' Cash tribute Fans plan to protest at a tribute to Johnny Cash at next week's Republican convention in New York.
Angry Kick Puts Cubs' Farnsworth on DL (AP) AP - Chicago Cubs reliever Kyle Farnsworth took out his frustrations by kicking an electric fan. Now he's expected to miss at least three weeks. Farnsworth was placed on the 15-day disabled list with a sprained and bruised right knee Saturday, one day after he gave up six runs in the ninth inning to the Houston Astros.
With 9/11 as G.O.P. Backdrop, Families Express Raw Emotions A survey by The New York Times shows that those who lost a loved one in the 9/11 attacks differ from the public at large on some political and national issues.
U.S. Men Salvage Some Pride with Basketball Bronze  ATHENS (Reuters) - It is not the color they bargained on,  but the U.S. men's basketball team were happy on Saturday to  take any medal they could get their hands on.
U.S. Salvages Bronze Defeating one of three teams that beat them earlier in the tournament, the U.S. men's basketball team tops Lithuania, 104-96.
US basketball loses to Argentina It didn #39;t need any dramatic comeback. No amazing flurry of three-pointers. No tough defensive stand. No bogus referee #39;s call in the closing seconds.
Guerrouj Captures Gold in the 5,000 Hicham el-Guerrouj of Morocco and Kelly Holmes of Britain completed Olympic doubles on Saturday, the last day of track and field competition.
Russians Find Explosives on 2nd Plane Investigators found traces of explosives on the second of two passenger airliners that crashed simultaneously in Russia, security officials announced Saturday, confirming 
2 Arrested in Alleged NYC Subway Bomb Plot NEW YORK - A U.S. citizen and a Pakistani national were arrested in an alleged plot to bomb a subway station in midtown Manhattan and possibly other locations around the city, police said Saturday...
U.S.  Lose 400 Relay A sloppy handoff contributes to the United States losing to Britain by a hundredth of a second Saturday in the 400-meter relay. The U.S. men and women sweep the 1,600 relay.
Bush Readies Second-Term Proposals for RNC NEW YORK - Abortion-rights protesters and the first Republican delegates descended on President Bush's heavily fortified convention city Saturday as campaign officials said their boss would use the nomination spotlight to defend his hawkish foreign polices and offer a second-term agenda for health care, education and job training.   "He believes it's important for a candidate to talk about what he's done and, most important, where he wants to lead," said adviser Karen Hughes, aboard Bush's campaign bus in Ohio...
Israel Denies U.S. Official Gave Secrets WASHINGTON - The FBI is investigating whether a Pentagon analyst fed to Israel secret materials about White House deliberations on Iran. The investigation could strain U.S.-Israeli relations and muddy the Bush administration's Middle East policy...
US NBA stars beat Lithuania to win Olympic men #39;s basketball bronze ATHENS : The United States defeated Lithuania 104-96 here to win the Olympic men #39;s basketball bronze medal game. The US team of National Basketball Association stars had been seeking a fourth consecutive gold 
Trulli upsets M. Schumacher for F1 pole Jarno Trulli took the pole Saturday for Sunday #39;s Belgium Grand Prix after fighting off the rain as well as the other 19 drivers.
Olympic Wrap: Momentous Doubles for El Guerrouj, Holmes Morocco #39;s Hicham El Guerrouj and Briton Kelly Holmes completed historic doubles on the Olympic athletics track on Saturday as the penultimate day of the Athens Games brought two of its greatest moments.
Manmohan pays tributes to RN Goenka Prime Minister Manmohan Singh has described media baron Ram Nath Goenka as  quot;one of the pillars of the freedom movement quot;.
Titans' Brown Ready for George Comparisons (AP) AP - Chris Brown has resigned himself to the thought that comparisons to Eddie George will never end. That's OK with the Tennessee Titans' new starting running back.
Kerry Debate Shows Fickleness of Memories (AP) AP - Past presidential candidates and their critics have been known to shade the truth for political purposes. But to memory researchers, it doesn't take intentional falsifying to understand the discrepancies in the retelling of Sen. John Kerry's war experiences.
Bush Record Suggests Two Presidencies (AP) AP - When he steps up to accept his party's nomination for a second time, President Bush will present the record of not one but two presidencies: one before and another after Sept. 11, 2001.
Men's Basketball: Argentina Beats Italy, Takes Gold  ATHENS (Reuters) - Argentina beat Italy 84-69 to win the  men's Olympic basketball gold Saturday, the country's first  medal in the sport.
With Drug-Tainted Past, Few Track Records Fall Suspicion of performance-enhancing drug use circles the sport now, but the evidence of past doping remains in black and white.
A Family of Coaches Has Followed Its Leader Nearly 16 years after Ron Stoops's death, his four football-coaching sons have seen to it that his legacy reverberates throughout Youngstown and college football.
As Rosters Expand, Yanks Look for Pitching General Manager Brian Cashman said the Yankees' front office was considering recalling the pitchers Juan Padilla, Bret Prinz and Felix Heredia.
BA launches inquiry The chief executive of British Airways, Rod Eddington, says he will carry out an investigation into the staff shortages that caused flight cancellations this week.
Kidnappers give French 48 hours MILITANTS have reportedly set a 48-hour deadline after taking two French journalists hostage in Iraq and demanding the rescinding of a ban on the Islamic headscarf in French schools.
Bangladesh gripped by third strike after deadly grenade attack DHAKA : Bangladesh was brought to a standstill by the third general strike in a week called by the main opposition Awami League to protest against a deadly attack on a rally, police and witnesses said.
Election waiting game continues Opposition Leader Mark Latham says he is ready for an election campaign if the Prime Minister calls one. Mr Howard flew into Canberra from Launceston yesterday and reportedly spent the afternoon locked in talks with senior advisers.
Bomb in Spain after ETA warning A small bomb exploded Saturday in northwestern Spain, causing no injuries, after a warning call was made in the name of the Basque separatist group 
Bleak outlook for Cambodian gem diggers as mining firms move in (AFP) AFP - In the search for riches beyond the dreams of most Cambodians, hundreds of gem diggers plunge daily down dangerous hand-built shafts hunting for amethysts and zircons.
Will It Be Trash or Tribute? Bottle Stands on the Edge Tillie, the clown face that graced the front of Palace Amusements in Asbury Park for nearly 50 years, was preserved in June before the rest of the building was torn down.
Hu wins China #39;s record sixth Olympic diving gold medal Chinese divers dominated again at these Olympics, winning a record six gold medals, so it was fitting that in the last event they were left to compete against themselves.
Slesarenko Strikes Gold Yelena Slesarenko upset red-hot favourite Hestrie Cloete in the high jump as the Russian added Olympic gold to her World Indoor title.
Losing run is becoming a  quot;nightmare quot; - Smith South Africa captain Graeme Smith says his team #39;s losing run is reaching  quot;nightmare quot; proportions following their ninth successive defeat.
US Women's NBA stars solve Aussie test to win third gold in a row (AFP) AFP - Veterans Lisa Leslie and Dawn Staley refused to let the United States Olympic women's basketball dynasty suffer the same ignoble fate as that of the American men.
Surging oil prices lighten already-meagre African pocketbooks (AFP) AFP - While the surge in world oil prices has been a godsend for African exporters, it has placed an extra burden on other economies on the world's poorest continent, whose governments have passed on the cost increase to petrol pump users.
Philippines' Little Vietnam dwindles as refugees move out (AFP) AFP - For years, Viet-Ville, a small community of Vietnamese refugees in the western Philippine island of Palawan, has stood as a symbol of local hospitality and tolerance.
Medal mania: Canada picks up gold, silver and bronze on the water at the Games (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - ATHENS (CP) - Canada had its biggest one-day medal haul at the Athens Olympics on Saturday, picking up a medal of every colour on the eve of the Games finale.
American Men Salvage Bronze in Basketball The U.S. men's basketball team can console itself with two things: third place and the highest point total of the Olympic tournament.
Delegates, Protesters Descend on New York NEW YORK - Abortion-rights protesters and the first Republican delegates descended on President Bush's heavily fortified convention city Saturday as campaign officials said their boss would use the nomination spotlight to defend his hawkish foreign polices and offer a second-term agenda for health care, education and job training.   "He believes it's important for a candidate to talk about what he's done and, most important, where he wants to lead," said adviser Karen Hughes, aboard Bush's campaign bus in Ohio...
Alleged Leak to Israel Probed for a Year WASHINGTON - The FBI has spent more than a year covertly investigating, including with the use of electronic surveillance, whether a Pentagon analyst funneled highly classified material to Israel, officials said Saturday. Prosecutors were still weighing whether to bring the most serious charge of espionage...
U.S., Shiites Fight in Baghdad; 5 Killed BAGHDAD, Iraq - Shiite militants and U.S. forces battled throughout the Baghdad slum of Sadr City, and a mortar barrage slammed into a busy neighborhood in the capital in a new wave of violence Saturday that killed at least five people and wounded dozens of others...
New MOM to ease Microsoft management Microsoft in the fall will launch the latest version of its performance management product, offering it up as a key link in its ambitious DSI (Dynamic Systems Initiative) plan to reduce IT complexity by improving software and hardware manageability.
Asian-angrez Khan is  #39;Best of British #39; If Amir Khan gets an Olympic boxing gold on Sunday, will our Britain-based Indian cousins be willing to call themselves Asian once again?
FRIEDEL: SAHA HANDLED FOR GOAL Blackburn goalkeeper Brad Friedel criticised referee Alan Wiley after he granted Manchester United a controversial late Alan Smith equaliser in a 1-1 draw at Ewood Park.
Slesarenko wins high jump Slesarenko cleared 2.04m at the first attempt which none of her rivals could match and she went on to set a new Olympic record of 2.06.
GOVERNANCE: A momentous change in Islamabad Ravian The challenge is clear and the opportunity is there. It is now up to our new prime minister to show that the modern corporate mind can deliver on the national public policy objectives of a poor country.
Bangladeshi leaders under pressure DHAKA: Bangladeshs prime minister and her main rival are under pressure to set aside years of bitter feuding after a grenade attack on an opposition rally killed 20 people and triggered a week of violent protests nationwide.
Elephants, bulls and bears, oh my! Elephants on parade, bulls on the beach, bears on the bench. It #39;s going to be quite a week on Wall Street. Although how many Wall Streeters will be around is up in the air.
Fleet #39;s turn Back in the days when Fleet Financial was riding high, rolling up the New England banking industry, Michael Zucchini was the man CEO Terry Murray turned to right after he was done with his latest press conference regarding his latest acquisition.
Can US salvage a bronze? The game was concocted by a physical education instructor in Massachusetts and dominated by the United States at the Olympics for most of the 20th century.
DNA evidence in Kobe Bryant case may have been contaminated The prosecution said it had found contamination in DNA  quot;control quot; samples intended to guarantee that testing was accurate.
Indian PM to convene APC ahead of Kasuris visit NEW DELHI: Despite the standoff with the opposition, Indian Prime Minister Dr Manmohan Singh plans to convene an all-party meeting ahead of Ambassador at Large Khurshid Kasuris visit to New Delhi next week.
Credit Suisse to integrate CSFB The Swiss banking giant announces it is to integrate its private investment unit CSFB and float its Winterthur insurance wing.
Nokia launches enterprise security initiatives Setting its sights on the Microsoft mobile camp, Nokia has kicked off two standards initiatives intended to strengthen its appeal to enterprise IT.
Athletics: El Guerrouj wins historic double over Bekele ATHENS - Hicham El Guerrouj completed the first Olympic 1500-5000 double since Finn Paavo Nurmi 80 years ago on the penultimate day of the Athens Games on Saturday.
Everton has rejected three bids already LONDON -- Manchester United has made a second bid for England striker Wayne Rooney in excess of 23.5 million pounds (\$42.23 million), the teenager #39;s club, Everton, said Saturday.
Hewitt reaches final on Long Island Second-seeded Lleyton Hewitt reached Sunday #39;s final at the Waterhouse Cup where he will play either Paradorn Srichaphan or Peruvian Luis Horna.
Annus to appear at IOC disciplinary hearing Sunday ATHENS - Adrian Annus of Hungary, the Athens Olympic men #39;s hammer throw champion embroiled in a doping scandal, will appear at a hearing of the International Olympic Committee #39;s disciplinary commission on Sunday to explain his case, IOC officials said 
Saved at the death JUST like ESPN Star Sports v StarHub, Manchester United left it until the very last moment to appease their followers last night. As thousands of Singapore fans waited right up to programme time for the live 
Rain plays into Trulli #39;s hands JARNO Trulli claimed his second career pole position yesterday after a gamble on the weather kept him ahead of Michael Schumacher in qualifying for the Belgian Grand Prix.
US, Afghan Soldiers Arrest 10 Suspects US and Afghan troops detained 22 suspected Taliban fighters during a major search operation after a gunbattle in a southern Afghan mountain range, officials said Saturday.
Phillies' Wade Says Bowa to Finish Season (AP) AP - Larry Bowa will retain his job through the end of the season, but Philadelphia general manager Ed Wade wouldn't address whether the Phillies manager will return in 2005.
Damaged Wire Delays Trains En Route to RNC (AP) AP - Train service to Penn Station in New York halted Saturday afternoon, creating delays and forcing NJ Transit customers to take PATH trains into the city, officials said.
El Guerrouj, Holmes Stride Into Olympic History  ATHENS (Reuters) - Morocco's Hicham El Guerrouj and Briton  Kelly Holmes gave the Athens Games two of its greatest moments  Saturday by surging to victory on the athletics track and claim  historic Olympic doubles.
Funk Takes One Shot Lead at Buick Championship  CROMWELL, Connecticut (Reuters) - Fred Funk shot a  one-under-par 69 Saturday to take a one-shot lead after the  third round of the Buick Championship.
US commercial property loans rise in 2nd quarter Lenders issued \$33.2 billion in new loans for commercial properties in the second quarter, up 17.4 percent from the same quarter in 2003, the Mortgage Bankers Association said on Friday.
Also from this section A question. Is putting an inveterate gambler in charge of the world #39;s biggest bookmaker not dissimilar to handing Wayne Rooney the keys to the brothel?
United back in for Rooney with 25m bid Manchester United last night appeared to move a step closer to successfully completing the signing of Wayne Rooney when they lodged an increased 25 million bid for the England striker.
Rebel groups boycott Dardur talks Rebel groups walked out of peace talks with the Sudanese government in Abuja, Nigeria, Saturday in protest of alleged attacks in the Darfur region.
Militants Claim Kidnapping Of French Journalists; Demand France &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; _ Islamic militants released a brief tape showing two French journalists kidnapped recently in Iraq and said they were holding the men to protest a French law banning headscarves in schools, according to footage aired Saturday by an Arab 
Manning's Performance Raises Questions for Giants Everyone knew what Eli Manning could do. But what happens when this prized quarterback is not playing well? Can he recover?
7 airlines to sell tickets on new electronic system Seven big US airlines have signed up to sell tickets through a new low-cost electronic distribution network. The announcement Wednesday of the network, Trueconnect, is the latest in the big airlines #39; assault on high ticketing costs.
Truckers call off week-long strike  Joint panel to look into &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; THE All-India Motor Transport Congress (AIMTC) on Saturday called off its seven-day strike after finalising an agreement with the Government on the contentious issue of service tax and the various demands including tax deducted at source (TDS), scrapping 
No rescue for Alitalia warns Italy Italy #39;s government renewed its threat to let Alitalia die unless unions agree to a cost-cutting deal by September 15, saying the days of bailing out the loss-making airline were over.
The day #39;s milestones MOROCCO #39;s Hicham El Guerrouj completes an historic 1500-5000m double, emulating the achievement of Paavo Nurmi in 1924. BRITAIN #39;s Kelly Holmes becomes only the third woman in Olympic history to complete the 800m-1500m double.
NO REGRETS FOR RADCLIFFE Paula Radcliffe will be awaiting the results of fresh tests on her battered body on Saturday - but the reality is that she already knows the answer.
A Very African Coup The plot: Sir Mark Thatcher had it all; cars, cash, kudos and a Cape Town paradise to call home. Today hes under house arrest and the outcome could yet be a tragic one.
Jacobsen Leads Mariners Past Royals 9-7 (AP) AP - Bucky Jacobsen drove in three runs with a home run and a double to lead the Seattle Mariners past the Kansas City Royals 9-7 Saturday in the first game of a doubleheader.
Bush barnstorms battleground state ahead of party convention (AFP) AFP - US President George W. Bush rolled across this battleground state, rallying supporters ahead of next week's Republican National Convention, where he will formally be nominated for another four-year term.
NL Wrap: 5-Hit Beltre Leads Dodgers to Win Over Mets  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Adrian Beltre pounded out five hits,  including his major league-leading 42nd home run of the season,  to guide the Los Angeles Dodgers to a 4-2 win over the host New  York Mets in the National League Saturday.
Dyke accuses Blair over Iraq war Former BBC boss Greg Dyke attacks the prime minister over the Iraq war and his treatment of the BBC.
Olympians in pursuit of marketing gold NEW YORK -- For millions of Americans, gymnast Paul Hamm #39;s fame began only when the broad-shouldered Olympian shrugged off a fall in the vaulting competition last week and made an inspired comeback to win gold.
Powell calls off Athens visit after protests Colin Powell, the US Secretary of State, cancelled a weekend visit to attend the closing ceremony of the Olympics, prompting Greek Communists to claim it as a victory for anti-American protests.
Borzakovskiy snatches 800 metres gold Mulaudzi out-dipped Kipketer to win silver in 1:44.61 to add to the world indoor title he won in March. Kipketer, the world record-holder and a three-time former world champion, had to be content with bronze in 1:44.
Hunger Striking  quot;Palestinian quot; Prisoners Get No Special Treatment Hunger-striking Arab  quot;Palestinian quot; prisoners who fall ill will not be treated in Israel #39;s hospitals.  quot;I am not prepared for the lives of patients and medical teams in our hospitals to be endangered by admitting 
Astros Hang on to Beat Cubs 7-6 (AP) AP - Roger Clemens pitched six innings for his 324th victory and the Houston Astros made the most of three Chicago errors Saturday, hanging on to beat the Cubs 7-6.
Eurostar traffic not affected by workers' strike (AFP) AFP - Eurostar operations were unaffected by a 24-hour strike over pay by members of the Rail Maritime and Transport (RMT) union, a company spokesman said.
Multicar Teams Could Gang Up on Others (AP) AP - The race for the Nextel Cup championship is down to the wire and the points leader is running away from the field. Suddenly, a slower car gets in his way, holding him up until the other contenders catch up. It just so happens, the slower car is a teammate of one of the contenders. Impossible? Think again.
BBC shake-up to mean job losses Thousands of jobs will go as BBC boss Mark Thompson announces a radical shake-up of the corporation.
Russia Finds Trace Explosives on 2nd Plane MOSCOW - Russian investigators found explosive residue on the wreckage of the second of two airliners that crashed minutes apart, a security spokesman said Saturday, adding to evidence that terrorists breached security at one of the country's most up-to-date airports.    The high explosive hexogen was found on the Tu-134 airliner that went down Tuesday south of Moscow, said Sergei Ignatchenko, spokesman for the Federal Security Service, or FSB, Russia's domestic security agency...
Plug and Play The Montreal Expos look to be a nicely stocked expansion package, choked full of appealing players both in the majors and minors with little club debt baggage.
Google, Shmoogle. The Biggest I.P.O.'s Went Unnoticed. The media frenzy over the Google I.P.O. is a perfect example of the disproportionate amount of attention the technology sector receives.
Acceptance Letters Type design was once the province of skilled artisans. With the help of new computer programs, neophytes have flooded the Internet with their creations.
Building a Better Soundtrap After centuries of guesswork, architects have a high-tech way to hear the acoustics of buildings they haven't yet built.
Debate opens on 'honour killings' International delegates meet in Sweden to explore ways of combating so-called "honour killings".
Ferguson: it #39;s Monday at Earliest for Rooney Deal Manchester United manager Sir Alex Ferguson has indicated that he does not expect any movement on the Wayne Rooney transfer saga before tomorrow.
Testing Positive Olympics: Despite doubts and fears that the facilities would not be ready in time and drugs scandals before the Games had even started, we have witnessed a memorable Olympics for all the right reasons.
Khan unfazed by mind games An old-timer is trying to play mind games with the 17-year-old who has gone from Bolton Lads #39; and Girls #39; Club to today #39;s lightweight Olympic boxing final.
Monty could get nod despite loss of form Colin Montgomerie has been walking around like a man who has already received the nod over his selection for the Ryder Cup team. The players all say that they want him in the team.
Park uses late rally to take lead at Wachovia Classic Grace Park closed with an eagle and two birdies for a 7-under-par 65 and a two-stroke lead after three rounds of the Wachovia LPGA Classic on Saturday.
Moroccan bus crash kills 29 At least 29 people have been killed and 30 injured, when a bus crashed into a truck and a taxi cab on a highway linking two of Morocco #39;s popular tourist destinations.
Clark Homers 3 Times in Yankees' Rout (AP) AP - With the New York Yankees' starting rotation struggling, the team's offense matched its biggest performance of the season. Tony Clark homered three times, Ruben Sierra hit his 300th career homer, and Gary Sheffield and Alex Rodriguez also connected to lead the Yankees over the Toronto Blue Jays 18-6 Sunday.
Martin Is Determined to Remain Competitive Mark Martin, who with 533 consecutive starts trails only two active drivers, is proud to say he is not just sticking around to pick up lucrative checks with lackluster performances.
Is the Food Industry the Problem or the Solution? Diet trends aren't just for adults anymore. A new obsession of America's food, beverage and restaurant companies is thwarting childhood obesity.
Don't Run From That Portfolio. Tweak It. If 2003 was the year for investors to live dangerously, 2004 is fast becoming the year to duck and cover.
Jimenez leads the pack as Ryder Cup race hots up MUNICH: Spain #39;s 40-year-old Miguel Angel Jimenez was leading the BMW InternationalOpen following Friday #39;s second round as Europe #39;s elite were chasing points to get on the Ryder Cup team.
Park opens up one shot lead A seven-under-par third round of 65 saw Korea #39;s Grace Park open up a one-shot lead going into the final round of the Wachovia Classic in Berkleigh.
Trulli claims pole at Spa SPA-FRANCORCHAMPS (Belgium): Renault #39;s Jarno Trulli claimed pole position for today #39;s Belgian Grand Prix as weather conditions played into his hands in qualifying yesterday.
 #39;She won #39;t give up on him as long as she draws breath #39; It was a  quot;distressed quot; Baroness Thatcher who spoke to her troubled son on Friday. Anticipating the media scrum outside her Belgravia home, the former prime minister was surrounded by no fewer 
Parliament should sit if election not called: Latham Opposition Leader Mark Latham today urged Prime Minister John Howard to either call an election and dissolve parliament or allow this week #39;s parliament sitting to proceed.
Aluminum Beer Bottles May Render Koozies Obsolete PITTSBURGH -- A Pennsylvania brewery is betting beer drinkers are willing to pay an extra dollar to keep their drinks cold nearly an hour longer.
Argentina wins first basketball gold com. Hours after its men #39;s soccer team beat Paraguay for the country #39;s first Olympic gold medal in any sport since 1952, the Argentine men #39;s basketball team made it a double 
No hitches for hero Hicham HICHAM El Guerrouj wrote his name large in the annals of Olympic history last night when he bestrode athletics middle and long-distance disciplines by completing a 1500m and 5,000m double gold.
The awesome foursome THROUGHOUT these Olympics it was feared that the only thing British sprinters would live up to was the negative predictions of those who said they would never mount a challenge to the all-conquering USA representatives.
Radcliffe #39;s shot at redemption backfires WHEN history repeats itself, no-one minds if the experience was enjoyable in the first instance, but watching Paula Radcliffe on Friday night was as harrowing as being made to sit through your least favourite movie, this time without the popcorn and only 
Coy Howard in call to arms ON the eve of possibly calling a federal election, Prime Minister John Howard chose his words carefully when delivering the key speech at the Tasmanian Liberal State Council yesterday.
Dream Team Salvages Bronze, Dignity (AP) AP - Bronze is better than nothing. That's one Olympic lesson the U.S. men's basketball team was able to understand. The Americans took the third-place game seriously Saturday night, earning some revenge and salvaging some self-respect in a 104-96 victory over Lithuania. Although they didn't get what they wanted in Athens, they didn't embarrass themselves in their finale, either.
Another Bad Handoff Dooms U.S. Relay Team (AP) AP - Maurice Greene grabbed the baton and accelerated toward the finish, blowing past a Nigerian and reeling in Britain's Mark Lewis-Francis. But even the self-proclaimed greatest sprinter of all time could not make up for a sloppy handoff earlier in the race Saturday, and his chest crossed the line just a hair behind the Brit's. The Americans were forced to settle for silver by an excruciating hundredth of a second.
Grace Park Takes Lead at Wachovia Classic (AP) AP - Grace Park closed with an eagle and two birdies for a 7-under-par 65 and a one-stroke lead after three rounds of the Wachovia LPGA Classic on Saturday.
Ex-BBC Journalist Blasts Government Over Hutton  EDINBURGH (Reuters) - Former BBC journalist Andrew Gilligan  had harsh words for Tony Blair's government and the BBC's board  of governors Saturday in his first public appearance since  resigning in the wake of the Hutton report.
Pope Returns  quot;rare icon quot; to Russia #39;s Orthodox Church MOSCOW, RUSSIA (ANS/BosNewsLife) -- A Vatican cardinal has handed a rare icon back to the Russian Orthodox Church in Moscow as a personal gift from Pope John Paul II, the British Broadcasting Corporation (BBC) reported Saturday, August 28.
Dutch Arrest Saddam's Suspected Nerve Gas Supplier  AMSTERDAM (Reuters) - Police have arrested a Dutch national  suspected of supplying thousands of tons of ingredients for  mustard gas and nerve gas to Iraq under toppled leader Saddam  Hussein, prosecutors said Tuesday.
Iran Ready to Provide Nuke 'Guarantees' (AP) AP - Iran said Saturday it would continue its nuclear program but provide "guarantees" not to build atomic weapons, and warned Washington it cannot stabilize neighboring Iraq and Afghanistan without Tehran's help.
Fox fires police chief over mob attacks In addition to relieving Mexico City #39;s top cop Marcelo Ebrard of his duties, the president also let go Jos Luis Figueroa, director of the Federal Preventative Police.
Mrs A could mean far more to London than Mrs B Many said these Games would be a shambles, but they turned out to be sensational. Sensational not just because of the virtual dope-of-the-day revelations but in their ancient concept and their modern execution.
Radcliffe #39;s real test goes far beyond the pain It was the morning after the night before, and Paula Radcliffe was pondering the big decision -  quot;probably the biggest decision she will have to make in her running life quot;, the Independent on Sunday described it at the time.
Portugal bars abortion ship Portugal has warned that a floating Dutch abortion clinic will not be allowed to enter its waters. The clinic offers the abortion pill in international waters to women in countries where it is illegal or restricted.
NL Wrap: 5-Hit Beltre Leads Dodgers to Win Over Mets (Reuters) Reuters - Adrian Beltre pounded out five hits,\including his major league-leading 42nd home run of the season,\to guide the Los Angeles Dodgers to a 4-2 win over the host New\York Mets in the National League Saturday.
Brown Struggles Early, but Yankees End It Fast Kevin Brown flirted with danger in the early innings, allowing the Blue Jays to take a 4-0 edge before the Yankees finally solved the Toronto lefthander Ted Lilly.
Soldier, Militant Die in Resurgence of Gaza Fighting An Israeli soldier and a Palestinian militant were killed in Gaza Tuesday in a resurgence of violence that could threaten efforts to instil calm for a Palestinian election for a successor to Yasser Arafat.
Siew Ai fails to make the cut KUTZTOWN (Pennsylvania): Lim Siew Ai failed to make the cut for the US\$1mil Wachovia Classic when she shot a one-over 73 on the second day of competition at the Berkleigh Country Club on Friday.
Schumacher stays on course Jarno Trulli benefited from changeable weather conditions to take pole position for today #39;s Belgian Grand Prix after an inspired tyre choice gave him the edge.
Regions and territories: Chechnya The southern Russian Republic of Chechnya is surrounded on nearly all sides by Russian territory but also shares with neighbouring Georgia a remote border high in the Caucasus mountains.
 quot;Lion of Herat quot; offered way out of west Afghan crisis Afghanistan #39;s government has asked the country #39;s most powerful mujahideen commander to give up rule over the western province of Herat in order to escape attacks 
Twins Snap Angels' Winning Streak, 7-1 (AP) AP - Johan Santana won his eighth straight decision, Jacque Jones and Augie Ojeda homered and the Minnesota Twins ended the Anaheim Angels' nine-game winning streak, 7-1 Saturday.
Kerry Says He's in a 'Fighting Mood' (AP) AP - Democratic Sen. John Kerry said Saturday he's in a "fighting mood" with two months to go to the presidential election as his allies defended him from questions about his valor in Vietnam.
Birdstone Shows Belmont Was No Fluke Birdstone won the Travers Stakes on Saturday and solidified his credentials as the top 3-year-old in training.
Does a NY Supreme Court judge say that the Central Park lawn is more important than free speech? Here is the coverage in The New York Times and the New York Law Journal about the denial of United for Peace and Justice's Sunday rally in Central Park (United for Peace and Justice v. Bloomberg, 111893/04), and here is what NY Supreme Court1 Justice Silbermann said:      ... the evidence established that the department's determination was based on entirely content-neutral factors, to wit: that the Great Lawn2 was not an appropriate venue for a demonstration of this magnitude.     ...  The Parks Department appropriately applied content-neutral regulations while leaving plaintiff with a reasonable alternate site.  
Maligned Team USA settles for Bronze For much of the bronze-medal game against Lithuania, several of the younger players on Team USA were having themselves a good time.
AL Wrap: Blue Jays Blitzed by 6 Homers from Yankees Tony Clark whacked three consecutive home runs as the New York Yankees reeled off six homers and nine ninth-inning runs to bulldoze their way past the Toronto Blue Jays 18-6 in the American League Saturday.
Yemeni Militants Convicted of Terrorism (AP) AP - A chaotic three-month trial ended Saturday with 15 militants convicted for roles in terror attacks on a French oil tanker and a helicopter carrying U.S. oil workers, as well as plots to kill the American ambassador and Yemeni security officials.
Australian PM to Call Oct. 9 Election - Media (Reuters) Reuters - Conservative Australian Prime Minister\John Howard is about to call an Oct. 9 election to seek a\fourth consecutive term in office, local media said on Sunday.
Kerry Debate May Show Fickleness of Memory (AP) AP - Past presidential candidates and their critics have been known to shade the truth for political purposes. But to memory researchers, it doesn't take intentional falsifying to understand the discrepancies in the retelling of Sen. John Kerry's war experiences.
Explorer Overshadowed by Lewis and Clark (AP) AP - Two centuries ago, before Lewis and Clark went in search of a passage to the Pacific Ocean, David Thompson paddled the Columbia River, worked to establish a trading alliance with Mandan Indians and made maps of North America that ultimately became the guide for explorers who followed him.
Alaska Brown Bears Gather for Salmon Feast (AP) AP - Each summer, the falls at McNeil River turn into a mosh pit of bears. Instead of thumping music, it's the sound of salmon slapping their way up the falls at the McNeil River State Game Sanctuary that sends the bears into a fishing frenzy.
Aggression Pays Off for Buick Leader Funk  CROMWELL, Connecticut (Reuters) - PGA Tour veteran Fred  Funk's positive approach paid dividends when he carded a  one-under-par 69 to move one stroke clear of the field after  the third round of the \$4.2 million Buick Championship  Saturday.
No Lie, the Moment of Truth Grows Near We're down to what seems like weekly visits from Major League Baseball's Relocation Committee, dueling polls in Washington and sniping news conferences between competing D.C. and Virginia agencies. All for the privilege of obtaining the Montreal Expos, 55-73 through Friday, and to give them a place to play next year, a new stadium in the near future and a community to love them.
China offended by Nike advertisement China has voiced its anger over a Nike advertisement in which a US basketball star fights off a series of ancient Chinese characters.
Wolves appoint Hoddle Former England boss Glenn Hoddle has been appointed manager of Wolverhampton Wanderers, the club says. Hoddle, who has been out of management since being sacked by Tottenham Hotspur in September 
Rivers Hot, Then Cold San Diego Chargers quarterback began the night with three straight completions. Unfortunately, after seven more attempts, he still had only three, plus two interceptions vs. Seattle on Friday.
PARK #39;S STRONG FINISH Korean Grace Park shot five under par over her final five holes to set a course record and snatch the third-round lead away from Jill McGill at the Wachovia LPGA Classic.
Trulli and Alonso profit from Renault #39;s compromise Racing at Spa is tricky enough in the dry but every conceivable obstacle was put in the way of the teams yesterday as drizzle and the occasional bout of rain visited this corner of the Ardennes during qualifying for today #39;s Belgian Grand Prix.
Vatican returns artifact to Russian church A Vatican cardinal returned Saturday a precious icon to the Russian Orthodox Church in Moscow as a gift from Pope John Paul II. The Virgin of Kazan icon is an 18th-Century 
US Says Over 100 Arrested in Internet Crime Sweep More than 100 people have been arrested in the largest global crackdown to date on identity theft, hacking and other Internet-based crimes, US Attorney General John Ashcroft said on Thursday.
Encarnacion Leads Marlins Over Rockies 4-3 (AP) AP - Juan Encarnacion hit a two-run single in the first inning and a go-ahead, two-run homer in the eighth, leading the Marlins over Colorado 4-3 Saturday night and extending the Rockies' losing streak to six.
Funk Regains Buick Lead With Late Rally (AP) AP - Fred Funk needed a late rally on a sticky, steamy Saturday to take a one-stroke lead into the final round of the Buick Championship.
Sides talk drug tests Bud Selig might get his wish, and last week #39;s ugly public disclosures might produce an upside. Gene Orza, chief operating officer of the major league baseball players #39; union, said yesterday 
There are pledges and then there are real pledges Like introductory credit card rates and superior customer service, some promises just aren #39;t built to last. And so it is that Bank of America - mere months after its pledge to preserve 
Klezmer #39;s Final Frontier ON a hill a few miles outside this historic city, the Ettersburg Palace sits in ramshackle splendor, thickly enshrouded by the German past.
Microsoft sets 2006 target for next Windows version Microsoft Corp will ship the next version of Windows in 2006. To get  #39;Longhorn #39; shipped on time, Microsoft had to sacrifice a key component of the system, called WinFS, reported China Radio International Saturday.
For Duncan, No Fun In Games Tim Duncan wore a haggard look as he emerged from a locker room of bronze medalists. Hardly an emotional guy, he mumbled that his international basketball career is  quot;95 percent quot; over and that, oh yeah,  quot;FIBA stinks.
Chechnya to hold presidential election Russia #39;s restive republic of Chechnya will elect a president to replace Akhmad Kadyrov, the pro-Moscow leader killed last May, the BBC reported Sunday.
Iran vows to develop peaceful nuclear technology Iranian President Mohammad Khatami reiterated on Saturday that Iran would never seek nuclear weapons but was determined to develop peaceful nuclear technology, the official IRNA news agency reported.
Chechens to Elect New Leader in Shadow of Violence (Reuters) Reuters - Chechens elect a new\president Sunday, but few expect peace to follow from a\Kremlin-sponsored contest overshadowed by fighting and twin\plane crashes some have linked to rebels in the region.
Iraqi Militants Hold 2 French Journalists (AP) AP - Islamic militants released a brief tape showing two French journalists kidnapped recently in Iraq and said they were holding the men to protest a French law banning headscarves in schools, according to footage aired Saturday by an Arab TV station.
Horna Ends Paradorn Bid for Long Island History  COMMACK, New York (Reuters) - Paradorn Srichaphan's bid to  become only the second man to win the \$380,000 Long Island Cup  in three successive years ended when he lost 1-6, 6-4, 7-6 to  Luis Horna of Peru in a dramatic semifinal Saturday.
Chechens to Elect New Leader in Shadow of Violence  PROKHLADNY, Russia (Reuters) - Chechens elect a new  president Sunday, but few expect peace to follow from a  Kremlin-sponsored contest overshadowed by fighting and twin  plane crashes some have linked to rebels in the region.
Chinese, Indian Troops Hold Mountain Exercise  BEIJING (Reuters) - Chinese and Indian border troops have  held their first-ever joint mountaineering exercise as part of  a program to improve understanding along the historically tense  border between the world's two most populous countries.
In Visits, Janey Charts Reforms More than two weeks remain before Clifford B. Janey takes over the District #39;s public schools, but there he was on a recent evening, sitting before a group of residents who were complaining about 
Hostage takers say end headscarf ban Jazeera identified the hostages as reporters George Malbrunot and Christian Chesnot. Last week, the French Foreign Ministry. said the two men had gone missing in Iraq.
Taiwan Rescuers Dig Out 7 Bodies Buried in Landslide Taiwan rescue workers dug out seven bodies from mud and rock in a mountain village that was hit by a devastating landslide triggered by Typhoon Aere, but eight still remained buried, officials said on Friday.
Buccaneers Defeat Dolphins 17-10 (AP) AP - Chris Simms tightened his grip on Tampa Bay's backup quarterback job, and Ryan Nece returned a fourth-quarter interception 55 yards for a touchdown to give the Buccaneers a 17-10 victory over the Miami Dolphins on Saturday night.
Nevin Drives in Three As Padres Beat Expos (AP) AP - Jake Peavy won his sixth straight decision, and Phil Nevin homered and drove in three runs in the San Diego Padres' 5-2 victory over the Montreal Expos on Saturday night.
Likhovtseva Wins Forest Hills Title (AP) AP - Top-seeded Elena Likhovtseva of Russia won the Forest Hills Classic on Saturday, defeating fourth-seeded Iveta Benesova of the Czech Republic 6-2, 6-2.
Indian, Chinese troops hold mountain exercise (Reuters) Reuters - Chinese and Indian border troops have held their first-ever joint mountaineering exercise as part of a programme to improve understanding along the historically tense border between the world's two most populous countries.
'Gloria' Singer Laura Branigan Dies at 47 EAST QUOGUE, N.Y. - Laura Branigan, a Grammy-nominated pop singer best known for her 1982 platinum hit "Gloria," has died...
The Bush-Kerry Tax Duel It may be of great interest to voters whether Sen. John F. Kerry was or was not a war hero. That certainly seems to be the issue of the day.
Guerrouj makes history in middle-distance running in second-last &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; ATHENS (CP) - Hicham El Guerrouj passed Kenenisa Bekele of Ethiopia with about 50 metres remaining in the 5,000-metre race Saturday, making the Morocco runner the first man in eight decades to sweep the middle-distance races at the Summer Olympics.
Day 15: China totals 31 after volleyball gold Zhang Yuehong #39;s winner spike capped China #39;s brilliant comeback in the women #39;s volleyball final on Saturday, winning the country #39;s first Olympic volleyball gold medal in 20 years.
Yemeni court convicts 15 SAN #39;A, Yemen - A chaotic three-month trial ended yesterday with 15 militants convicted for roles in terror attacks on a French oil tanker and a helicopter carrying US oil workers.
Hearings Open With Challenge to Tribunals The historic opening last week of US military commissions that have not been used since World War II was marked by twists and turns and a carefully crafted defense strategy 
State treasurer threatens to withdraw some funds from Bank of &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The state treasurer of Massachusetts has threatened to withdraw some state funds from Bank of America because of job cuts and other moves following its acquisition of Fleet Boston Financial Corp.
Bovina stuns Dementieva in semis Second seed Elena Dementieva #39;s hopes of a first title in 2004 ended in double-quick time when she was hammered 6-1 6-1 by fellow Russian Elena Bovina in the semifinals of the WTA New Haven Open.
Rooney #39;s private life no concern to Sven Sven-Goran Eriksson insists the off-field distractions in Wayne Rooney #39;s private life will not hinder his England career. And while he was unwilling to enter the debate over Rooney #39;s future on the pitch amid 
China emulate  #39;84 success TWENTY years after China won their only women #39;s volleyball gold, the team did it again today, winning a hard-fought battle with Russia today.
France wins 1st cycling gold at Athens Olympics France won the first cycling gold in the last-day cycling match at the Athens Olympics on Saturday as Olympic debutant Julien Absalon clocked 2:15:02 in the mountain bike cross country.
Militants kidnap two Frenchmen CAIRO: Iraqi militants last night kidnapped two Frenchmen to protest France #39;s ban on students wearing Islamic head scarves in schools, according to a tape aired by Al Jazeera TV.
Sikh millions gather for historic jubilee Sikhs from all over the world have begun arriving in the holy city of Amritsar, northern India, to commemorate the 400th year of the Sikh holy book, the Guru Granth Sahib, on 1 September.
Phillies Rally to Beat Brewers 4-3 (AP) AP - Placido Polanco homered off Mike Adams with one out in the ninth inning, giving the Philadelphia Phillies a 4-3 win Saturday night that extended the Milwaukee Brewers' losing streak to 10.
Canada Ties Slovakia in Hockey World Cup (AP) AP - Jarome Iginla scored midway through the third period to give Canada a 2-2 tie with Slovakia in a World Cup of Hockey exhibition game Saturday night.
Cutdown Day Arrives The Redskins blowout loss to the Rams will add a poignant sting to the first round of roster cuts in which 14 players must be jettisoned Sunday.
Santana Keeps Cruising Twins starter Johan Santana won his eighth straight decision Saturday to lead the AL Central front-runners to a 7-1 triumph, ending the Anaheim Angels' nine-game winning streak.
Jones should  quot;lose all medals if guilty quot; World Anti-Doping Agency (WADA) chief Dick Pound says that if US sprinter Marion Jones has taken banned substances she should be stripped of all her medals regardless of when she won them.
Next Windows Is Losing Data-Storage Tool (AP) AP - Microsoft Corp. will drop a much-touted new technology for organizing and storing data when it releases the next version of its Windows operating system as expected in 2006.
Duke Welcomes Freshmen With New iPods (AP) AP - Newly arrived Duke University freshmen got something considerably snazzier than the usual Blue Devils T-shirts and ball caps: Their goodie bags included a free iPod digital music player engraved with the school's crest and the words "Class of 2008."
Bills Backup QB Carted Off With Hurt Knee (AP) AP - Buffalo lost backup quarterback Travis Brown late in the third quarter with what appeared to be a left knee injury.
Johnson Has Two Goals, Burn Beat Fire 4-1 (AP) AP - Eddie Johnson had two goals and Ronnie O'Brien added a goal and two assists to lead the Dallas Burn to a 4-1 victory over the Chicago Fire on Saturday night.
Earnhardt Ends Slump With Bristol Win (AP) AP - Dale Earnhardt Jr. found the perfect cure for his struggling team's ills: Winning. Earnhardt broke out of a six-week slump Saturday night with a convincing victory in the Sharpie 500, giving him a weekend sweep at Bristol Motor Speedway that will certainly give him momentum for the upcoming championship chase.
NL Wrap: Baseball-Five-Hit Beltre Leads Dodgers to Win  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Adrian Beltre pounded out five hits,  including his major league-leading 42nd home run of the season,  to guide the Los Angeles Dodgers to a 4-2 win over the host New  York Mets in the National League Saturday.
Analysts: Putin Has Squandered Influence (AP) AP - Russian President Vladimir Putin has dented his prestige and squandered influence by backing the wrong side in political clashes in Ukraine and in the breakaway Georgian province of Abkhazia, analysts say.
Illegal immigrants avoid Charley relief Angel Lopez examined a blue flier that read in English and Spanish,  quot;Disaster Assistance is Available Now, quot; but discarded it as soon as FEMA workers moved on to another house in this neighborhood of migrant farmworkers.
Argentina takes basketball gold, US settles for bronze ATHENS--Argentina was crowned Olympic men #39;s basketball king Saturday night as it eased to a 84-69 victory over Italy in the gold medal game at Olympic Indoor Hall.
Rooney on his way to Old Trafford as United raise bid Wayne Rooney looks set to become a Manchester United player this week after Everton confirmed they had received a second improved bid for the England striker from Old Trafford.
France scrambles to free kidnapped journalists France says it has stepped up its efforts to free two French journalists being held hostage by Iraqi militants who are demanding an end to a ban on Islamic headscarves in French schools.
Taylor Scores 2 TDs As Ravens Beat Lions (AP) AP - Chester Taylor ran for 117 yards and two touchdowns, and the Baltimore Ravens got a solid performance from their depleted defense in a 17-6 preseason victory over the Detroit Lions on Saturday night.
Blair's office like Nixon White House: ousted BBC chief (AFP) AFP - Greg Dyke, the former BBC director general ousted over the broadcaster's coverage of the Iraq conflict, unleashed a scorching attack on the government of Prime Minister Tony Blair, blaming it for trying to bully the BBC into submission.
Security software targets Windows-based phones and PDAs Trend Micro is offering free trials of its new security software for mobile phones and PDAs. Trend Micro #39;s Mobile Security suite offers antivirus and anti-spam defence for the more sophisticated phones and 
PGA Changes Dates of Grand Slam of Golf (AP) AP - The Grand Slam of Golf, which brings together the PGA Tour's four major champions, has been switched to Thanksgiving week.
Protesters March Across Brooklyn Bridge (AP) AP - Thousands of abortion-rights activists marched across the Brooklyn Bridge and demonstrators rang handbells at the World Trade Center site Saturday, the latest in a growing procession of protests leading up to the Republican National Convention.
Australians to vote on 9 October Australian leader John Howard calls a general election for 9 October, seeking a fourth term.
USOC sends International Gymnastics Greetings Thursday night, the United States Olympic Committee (USOC) received a letter from Mr. Bruno Grandi, President of the Federation Internationale De Gymnastique (FIG).
Plane Crashes Won #39;t Hurt Putin In Chechen Vote His government had just suffered one of Russia #39;s worst terrorist attacks, apparently stemming from a war he has neither won nor ended.
Khatami says IAEA must accept Iran #39;s right to enrich uranium The UN atomic watchdog must accept Iran #39;s right to enrich uranium, Iranian President Mohammad Khatami said Saturday in a fresh rebuttal of efforts to limit the Islamic republic #39;s nuclear programme.
Era of Dream Team terminated in Athens Twelve years after Michael Jordan, Magic Johnson and Larry Bird led the American senior basketball team to conquer the world, the era of the US Dream Team was terminated in the summer of 2004 at Athens.
United raise stakes for Rooney Everton has confirmed it has received an improved bid for Wayne Rooney, understood to be worth 25 million (A\$63.7 million). Newcastle has also been chasing the England striker, but is yet to counter the offer.
China wins first women #39;s volleyball Olympic gold in 20 years China embraced its first volleyball Olympic title in 20 years, beating Russia 3-2 in the women #39;s final in Athens on Saturday. After trailing two sets down, China came from behind to trounce Russia 28-30, 25-27, 25-20, 25-23 and 15-12 to claim the title.
Australian PM Howard calls general election on October 9 (AFP) AFP - Australian Prime Minister John Howard called a general election for October 9 with his conservative government trailing well behind the opposition Labor Party in opinion polls.
Dutch Arrest Saddam's Suspected Nerve Gas Supplier (Reuters) Reuters - Police have arrested a Dutch national\suspected of supplying thousands of tons of ingredients for\mustard gas and nerve gas to Iraq under toppled leader Saddam\Hussein, prosecutors said Tuesday.
USC Edges Va. Tech The Matt Leinart-to-Reggie Bush connection accounts for all three Trojan touchdowns as No. 1 USC escapes with a 24-13 win over Va. Tech at FedEx Field on Saturday.
From War-Torn to Wonderland Honduras and other Central American countries once embroiled in war have become hot markets for affordable beachfront property.
Rebels in Sudan Region Say No Letup in Attacks  EL FASHER, Sudan, Aug. 28 -- Rebels in the Darfur region of Sudan said Saturday that government forces and Arab militiamen have continued to bomb and torch villages and kill civilians -- with attacks on six villages in the past three days, including one that killed 64 people.
Plane Crashes Won't Hurt Putin In Chechen Vote   MOSCOW, Aug. 28 -- His government had just suffered one of Russia's worst terrorist attacks, apparently stemming from a war he has  neither won nor ended. Then he attempted what critics considered a clumsy coverup  before a key election.
At Last, Microsoft Starts the Music Never shy about entering a market late, Microsoft Corp. is planning to open the virtual doors of its long-planned Internet music store next week. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-Leslie Walker&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Consultants Deliver Politics To Voters' Inboxes, at a Price  Millions of Americans who are already trying to fight off unwanted electronic mail from direct marketers are about to get deluged by another source: politicians and lobbying groups.
Ceasefire in Najaf helps to steady global oil prices World oil prices firmed on Friday after a five-session drop amid renewed concerns over unrest in Iraq despite a ceasefire in its holy city of Najaf.
Marion Jones bombs out of Athens Winner of five medals and arguably the biggest star of the Sydney Games four years ago, the American finished fifth in Friday #39;s long jump and -- barely one hour later -- went out with the US 4x100m relay team.
Moscow faithful hail return of cherished icon The religious faithful in Moscow are flocking to a Kremlin cathedral for a homecoming of sorts -- the return of a beloved icon, or holy picture.
Manmohan hopes peace process to continue: New PM greeted NEW DELHI, Aug 28: Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on Saturday greeted Prime Minister Shaukat Aziz on his taking office and said he sincerely hoped that the peace dialogue between the two countries would succeed.
ECB to intervene in euro market The European Central Bank and European finance ministers are unhappy with the Euro #39;s surge. To this end, they vowed to closely monitoring exchange rate swings.
Nigerian troops to leave for AU mission in Darfur on Monday A 150-strong company of Nigerian troops will set off for the western Sudanese region of Darfur on Monday to join an African Union force protecting ceasefire monitors, Nigerian and AU officials said Saturday.
New version of Windows planned for 2006 Microsoft Corp., world #39;s largest software maker, announced yesterday that it will release the next version of Windows operating system, code-named Longhorn, in the second half of 2006.
Rooney unhappy with Everton Everton striker Wayne Rooney says he is  quot;disappointed quot; with the way the club have handled his transfer request. Newcastle and Manchester United want to sign the 18-year-old who requested a transfer on Friday 
Yemeni sentenced to death, others jailed over Limburg bombing SANAA Aug 28 - A Yemeni was sentenced to death and 14 others to jail on Saturday over the 2002 bombing of the French supertanker Limburg and for other attacks, an AFP correspondent said.
Powerful Typhoon Poised to Strike Southern Japan (Reuters) Reuters - A powerful typhoon loomed off\southwestern Japan Sunday, threatening large areas of the\country with fierce wind and rain.
AL Wrap: Blue Jays Blitzed by Six Homers from Yankees  TORONTO (Reuters) - Tony Clark whacked three consecutive  home runs as the New York Yankees reeled off six homers and  nine ninth-inning runs to bulldoze their way past the Toronto  Blue Jays 18-6 in the American League Saturday.
Give Teachers a Break Our government can give tax breaks to revenue-rich corporations, but seems to have a hard time giving a puny \$250 tax break for teachers who spend their own money to buy classroom supplies.
A Glut of New and Used Cars The dramatic rise in leasing in the past decade, along with the alluring financing plans available, has made getting in a new car every two or four years easier and more tempting.
Earnhardt Jr. Snags Win More than a month after sustaining burns in a wreck, Dale Earnhardt Jr. broke out of a six-week slump with a win in the Sharpie 500 in Bristol.
Science sidelined ONCE AGAIN a Bush administration scientific report blames emissions of carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gases for global warming, and once again the reaction of the Bush White House is to say the evidence does not warrant action.
Crisis in Darfur Those who organized and attended a vigil in downtown Winston-Salem Wednesday were right to try to raise awareness of the atrocities that continue in the Darfur region of Sudan.
French journalists kidnapped in Iraq over headscarf ban An Iraqi militant group has kidnapped two Frenchmen and given the French government 48 hours to end a ban on Muslim headscarves. Arabic television station Al Jazeera has shown a brief video showing two men 
Mariners Sweep Royals in Doubleheader (AP) AP - Randy Winn hit a two-run homer in the 12th inning to lead the Seattle Mariners to a 5-3 victory Saturday night, completing a doubleheader sweep of the Kansas City Royals.
U.S.C. Finds Its Footing, and a Star, Just in Time The speedy sophomore tailback Reggie Bush spearheaded U.S.C.'s victory over unranked Virginia Tech, catching three touchdown passes.
The problem with M. Night Shyamalan Since his breakthrough film 'The Sixth Sense', director M. Night Shyamalan has made three more films culminating in the recently released 'The Village'. This is a look at what keeps the director from greatness via a discussion of the twists and plot devices he has become known for. Be warned, in discussing them, I pretty much give away every twist he's ever done. **SPOILERS ABOUND**
Clashes Break Out in Baghdad For one commander in the militia loyal to Shiite cleric Moqtada Sadr, the trip home to Baghdad after a cease-fire was reached in Najaf was just a pit stop.
Izenberg: American style of basketball can #39;t cut it on foreign &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; They were lucky to get the bronze. They came with one of the finest big men in all of basketball -- but with nobody to back him up.
Powerful Typhoon Poised to Strike Southern Japan A powerful typhoon loomed off southwestern Japan Sunday, threatening large areas of the country with fierce wind and rain. The storm, which is expected to hit Kyushu island early on Monday 
Rapids Play Earthquakes to 0-0 Tie (AP) AP - Joe Cannon made two key saves on shots by former teammate Landon Donovan to help the Colorado Rapids tie the San Jose Earthquakes 0-0 Saturday night.
Samford Tops West Alabama 34-20 in Opener (AP) AP - Ray Nelson threw for 321 yards and five touchdowns and Samford defeated West Alabama 34-20 on Saturday night in the season opener for both teams.
Mahatma Gandhi inspires new Canadian rights museum (AFP) AFP - Mahatma Gandhi's long walk through history has paused in an unlikely spot -- the central Canadian prairie city of Winnipeg.
Google options lure heavy volume CHICAGO (CBS.MW) -- The highly anticipated launch of Google options drew more volume on the inaugural trading day Friday than traders had anticipated, a nod to the fanfare given the high-profile IPO and stock listing.
Those who have are spending it CHICAGO (CBS.MW) -- At least for now, the slowdown in consumer spending is a bottoms-up affair. Free! Sign up here to receive our Before the Bell e-Newsletter!
Rock-Tenn to Close Minn. Plant Rock-Tenn Co. on Friday said it will shutter its St. Paul, Minn., folding carton plant in December, which will eliminate jobs and result in financial charges.
City Dining Is Still Expensive but It Has a Different Accent A CARAVELLE, La Cte Basque and Lutce are gone, as are any last lingering traces of the belief that fine dining really should be French and formal.
Scott Simon Essay: Paul Hamm #39;s Medal Description: NPR #39;s Scott Simon offers his thoughts on Paul Hamm, the US Olympic gymnast plagued by scoring scandals. Hamm has been asked -- indirectly -- to give up his gold medal in the men #39;s all-around competition.
Iran ready to guarantee it wont make nukes: Khatami TEHRAN: Iran said on Saturday it will continue its nuclear program but provide  quot;guarantees quot; not to seek atomic weapons, and warned Washington it cant stabilise Iraq and Afghanistan without Tehrans help.
Administration Shifts On Global Warming A Bush administration report suggests that evidence of global warming has begun to affect animal and plant populations in visible ways, and that rising temperatures in North America are due in part to human activity.
New world, more on horizon European astronomers reported Thursday the discovery of a rocky  quot;super Earth-like object quot; orbiting a nearby star much like our own sun.
29 killed in Moroccan bus collision Twenty-nine people were killed and 30 others injured when a bus crashed into a truck and a taxi in Morocco on Saturday, the state news agency MAP reported.
Australians to Go to the Polls on Oct. 9  CANBERRA, Australia (Reuters) - Australians will vote on  Oct. 9 in a cliff-hanger election pitting the conservative  government against center-left Labor, with national security  and the economy key issues, Prime Minister John Howard said  Sunday.
Bush says Kerry was 'more heroic' George W Bush says his rival for the presidency, John Kerry, was the "more heroic" for having served in Vietnam.
Birdstone Proves Worth Belmont Stakes winner Birdstone established himself as the nation's leader among 3-year-olds Saturday with a victory in the Travers Stakes.
Peete Completes Rally Rodney Peete found Walter Young for an 18-yard touchdown pass with 1:48 to play, rallying the Panthers past the Patriots, 20-17, Saturday.
Khan sets sights on gold Britain's Amir Khan will bid to become boxing's youngest Olympic gold medallist since 1952 on Sunday.
India Steps Away from the Old Song and Dance The Indian film represents a milestone of sorts. By all accounts, the mostly (but not entirely) songless "Phir Milenge," which opened across the country Friday, is the first mainstream Bollywood offering that deals directly with HIV and the stigma surrounding the virus as major themes.
Drug labels to reflect suicide link WASHINGTON - The Food and Drug Administration plans to update antidepressant labels to reflect studies that suggest a link between the drugs and suicide in youths.
When home means vulnerability Joan Marie Gilbert and her 15-year-old daughter moved into a mobile home because they couldn #39;t afford anything else. James and Jean Burns bought one because it was the 
How an accountant made poker a draw again A few years ago, casinos across the United States were closing their poker rooms to make space for more popular and lucrative slot machines.
Microsoft timing is late for schools Microsoft #39;s decision to release a major upgrade for its flagship operating system in the same month that hundreds of thousands of students are reporting to college campuses across the nation is causing a major headache for some universities.
Explosive traces found in 2nd Russian wreckage Residue of the same type of explosive found in the wreckage of one of two Russian airliners that crashed last week has been found in the second, authorities said Saturday.
Disgusted voters say decision was made in Moscow The woman in the market hurriedly packed away the shampoo and perfume she usually sells. The stalls were almost abandoned. She was in a rush to escape the capital #39;s brooding air.
Yemen sentences one to death, 14 to jail on terror charges A Yemeni court on Saturday sentenced one militant to death and 14 others to prison terms of three to 10 years on terror charges, according to local reports.
Iran will provide nuke guarantees, declares Khatami Iran said yesterday it is ready to provide  quot;guarantees quot; it won #39;t seek nuclear weapons, and warned the United States that success in stabilizing Iraq and Afghanistan was impossible without Iranian support.
Chechens Vote to Replace President (AP) AP - Against a backdrop of war and squalor, Chechens voted Sunday for a replacement for their assassinated president, in a vote the Kremlin hopes will bring some stability to a region wracked by a decade of violence.
Agriculture minister argues case for opening US border to live &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; NEW YORK (CP) - Agriculture Minister Andy Mitchell came away empty-handed Saturday after arguing the case for reopening the Canada-US border to live cattle exports in a meeting with his American counterpart.
Russia Finds Trace Explosives on 2nd Plane (AP) AP - Russian investigators found explosive residue on the wreckage of the second of two airliners that crashed minutes apart, a security spokesman said Saturday, adding to evidence that terrorists breached security at one of the country's most up-to-date airports.
U.S. Men Salvage Some Pride with Basketball Bronze  ATHENS (Reuters) - Their character questioned and  commitment belittled, the U.S. men's Olympic basketball team  responded to their critics by taking the bronze with a gold  medal effort.
Clark Homers 3 Times in Yankees' Rout TORONTO - Tony Clark homered three times for the first time in his career, Ruben Sierra hit a grand slam for his 300th homer, and Gary Sheffield and Alex Rodriguez also connected to lead the New York Yankees over the Toronto Blue Jays 18-6 on Saturday.    New York, which overcame a 4-0 deficit for the second time in the series, had nine runs and 10 hits in the ninth inning, both season highs...
Hitting the wall Last week, Wal-Mart sent tremors through the US economy when it slashed its August sales forecast, predicting only flat to 2 per cent growth for the period.
Teenage Khan goes for gold Teenage boxing sensation Amir Khan believes he can go all the way to gold, even if it takes a knockout, in today #39;s Olympic lightweight final.
Iran to continue nuclear program TEHRAN, Iran -- Iran said Saturday that it would continue its nuclear program but provide  quot;guarantees quot; not to build atomic weapons, and warned Washington that the United States cannot stabilize neighboring Iraq and Afghanistan without Tehran #39;s help.
Despatie least likely disappointment Another notch on the Canadian medal chart of expectations ended with the least likely of fourth place finishes at the Olympic Games.
Gambro Sells U.S. Kidney Clinics Unit  STOCKHOLM (Reuters) - Swedish kidney-care company Gambro AB  said on Tuesday it signed a \$3.05 billion deal to sell its U.S.  clinics business, making buyer DaVita the biggest dialysis  services firm in the United States.
Service pack installation could be confusing The long awaited Service Pack 2 for Windows XP has finally been released, not without problems though. If youve got a good bit of computer experience, then installing 
Few easy Ryders on European squad Today we #39;ll find out just who the powerful Yanks will meet in the Ryder Cup at Oakland Hills in three weeks. As the golf world gears up for what is sure to be a great spectacle, the 
Dhaka to announce reward for disclosing grenade attacker #39;s &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The Bangladeshi government may announce a reward of 10 million taka (166,000 US dollars) to anyone disclosing the names of the persons or groups responsible for the Aug.
Typhoon pounds southern Japan Typhoon Chaba pounded the southern Japanese island of Amami-Oshima on Sunday with heavy rain and strong winds, cutting off electricity to some 5,800 households, officials said.
One country, two systems #39; model a barrier to democracy, speakers &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Political reforms have been sacrificed in China as leaders in Beijing trumpet their  quot;stability above all quot; policy, President Chen Shui-bian () said in a statement yesterday.
A Greener Globe, Maybe With all the hand-wringing about the economic perils of falling populations, there could be one beneficiary: the environment.
When Bats and Humans Were One and the Same Scientists have used computer analysis to read evolution backward and reconstruct a large part of the genome of an 80-million-year-old mammal.
Siberian cubs get radio collars A third generation of Siberian tigers are the youngest to be tracked with transmitters by conservationists.
Chechens Look to Election With Fear and Resignation The date of Chechnya's elections has assumed a local significance the Kremlin would no doubt prefer to avoid: a masquerade of democracy, and a dangerous one.
FACTBOX-How the Australian election process works Australia will go to the polls on October 9, Prime Minister John Howard has announced. Prime Minister John Howard #39;s conservative government, which was elected in 1996, is seeking a fourth 
Here's the Nobel. Now Explain It to Your Grandmother. Life, and how it functions, is at the center of Dr. Gnter Blobel's research.
JB Oxford sued for improper trading The Securities and Exchange Commission has sued JB Oxford Holdings Inc., a small brokerage and clearing company, and three of its executives for allegedly 
White House cites human role in global warming Warmer temperatures in North America since 1950 were probably caused in part by human activity, the Bush administration said in a report that appeared to contradict the White House position there was no clear scientific proof on 
Aussie will face Srichaphan or Horna COMMACK, NY -- Second-seeded Lleyton Hewitt reached the final of TD Waterhouse Cup sooner than expected Saturday when Russian Dmitry Tursunov retired from their semifinal match because of injury.
War crimes hearings may take years The United States will need years to finish the war crimes tribunals of al-Qaeda and Taliban detainees it started this week, according to US officials.
Macau's leader wins second term Macau's Edmund Ho wins approval from the Chinese enclave's elite to rule for a second term.
Shootout Kills 2 Ariz. Officers, Wounds 1 PHOENIX - Two Phoenix police officers were killed and a third wounded Saturday night during a shootout at an apartment complex, authorities said.    The man believed to have shot the officers was found dead following a two-hour stand off with police...
New Remedies for a Frustrating Illness. But Do They Work? Two drugs approved for the treatment of irritable bowel syndrome may or may not work for the 45 million Americans who suffer from I.B.S.
America #39;s divide on stark display When Americans go to the polls on Nov. 2, Osama bin Laden may still be plotting new 9/11 terror attacks, mocking President George W. Bush #39;s pledge - now three years old -o bring him to justice.
Venture Capitalists Studying Google IPO for Ideas While Google Inc. #39;s auction-based initial public offering may not spur a wave of copycats, venture capitalists are sorting through the IPO to see what can be learned for future deals.
The Gas Misers Richard Pearce has turned out his old love, a 1989 Dodge pickup truck. In 2002 the 50-year-old retired soldier and his wife decided to bring a Toyota Prius hybrid back to their Virginia home.
All Business: Corporate pension crisis still looming NEW YORK - The corporate pension crisis seems to be going from bad to worse. First, companies struggled to come up with the money to cover their benefit obligations, and now they want to ditch their plans altogether.
Judge not, lest ye be judged Athens, Greece - In response to two scoring controversies that overshadowed the best US gymnastics performance in Olympic history, an official with the sport #39;s international governing body says it will review judging procedures and the rule book that 
Federer aims to put out New York #39;s Bush fires For once, when the US Open kicks off in New York tomorrow it won #39;t be the biggest show in town. The Republican convention, with its threatened attendant demonstrations 
Explosives residue found in wreckage of other Russian jet; new &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Russian investigators found residue of an explosive substance on the wreckage of the second of two airliners that crashed minutes apart Tuesday night, a security spokesman said yesterday 
Macau #39;s leader wins second term Macau #39;s leader Edmund Ho has won the approval of the Chinese enclave #39;s elite to rule for a second five-year term. Mr Ho won 296 out of 300 possible votes from the Beijing-approved committee of politicians and businessmen.
Philippine Floods and Landslides Killed 32 People, AFP Says Philippine floods and landslides killed 32 people and left more than 100 towns under water or buried, Agence France-Presse reported, citing civil defense officials.
Joys of summer Signs of a fun-loving team on a rapturous roll: Derek Lowe paying a goofy tribute to Red Sox starter Pedro Martinez by donning a Dominican flag do-rag, wrapping David Ortiz's long chain around his neck, and waving Martinez's toy red bat as the substitute cheerleader; Johnny Damon mimicking the injured Manny Ramirez by triumphantly pointing both index fingers to celebrate ...
US finishes on right side of track ATHENS -- When the last on-track event of the XXVIII Olympiad ended last night with an American rout in the men's 4 x 400-meter relay, the symbolism seemed appropriate. There was 20-year-old Jeremy Wariner, already a gold medal winner here, handing off to anchor Darold Williamson, Wariner's 21-year-old teammate from Baylor University.
Manager's image is sharper He was the dumbest guy in New England. Terry Fran-coma. Gomer Pyle in the dugout. Chewing that giant wad of stuff, making it look like he had a golf ball in his cheek. Not bunting. Not playing smallball. And taking the blame for every mistake his players made.
Beijing ahead of Games for '08 ATHENS -- The countdown clock for 2008 will be installed in Tiananmen Square next month. Not that Beijing has been lollygagging since the Lords of the Rings awarded the Summer Games to the city three years ago. Beijing is bristling with cranes and steamshovels and jackhammers providing a staccato beat, with 30 sports venues in various stages of construction, including ...
Transactions BASEBALL Chicago (NL): Placed P Kyle Farnsworth on 15-day disabled list; recalled P Todd Wellemeyer from Iowa (PCL). Houston (NL): Designated P David Weathers for assignment. Milwaukee (NL): Activated INF Keith Ginter from the 15-day DL; optioned INF Trent Durrington to Indianapolis (IL). New York (NL): Recalled P Jae Seo from Norfolk (IL). St. Louis (NL): Placed P Steve Kline ...
Table hockey is too limited Of all the great things about being a hockey fan, reading stories about NHL management-labor strife is not one of them. But, rest assured, there is worse. To wit: reporting and writing stories about NHL management-labor strife (you can send notes of sympathy to the e-mail posted at the bottom of this report).
Pointing out alternatives It sounds as if Celtics director of basketball operations Danny Ainge has been listening to one of those self-improvement tapes that repeat positive mantras. The message?  quot;I am happy with my roster. I am happy with my roster. quot; It's clear he will go to great lengths (or is that great pains?) to convince fans and reporters that he is comfortable ...
Trojans pull rank on Virginia Tech -- barely LANDOVER, Md. -- It was a test of character not many people expected top-ranked Southern California would face so early in the season.
Woods is still the one -- but Singh is closing NORTON -- When things were going so well and the major championships were piling up and the records were falling into his possession, Tiger Woods was as close to invincible as golf has ever seen. He was so far and away the No. 1 player in the world that he couldn't see No. 2 with a telescope.
Leading role for Hamm ATHENS -- Mia Hamm will carry the flag for the US in tonight's closing ceremonies after being chosen in a vote of team members.
Emergency talks on Iraq hostages The French Prime Minister calls a crisis meeting to discuss the kidnapping of two French journalists in Iraq.
Resignation and fear pervade today #39;s elections in Chechnya Among the insurgents fighting in Chechnya #39;s long-running war for independence, Musost Khutiyev is known as a  quot;national traitor.
22 held after Afghan gun battle; renegade clan leader seized US and Afghan soldiers detained 22 suspected Taliban members in a major search operation after a gun-fight in a southern Afghan mountain range, officials said yesterday.
Sometimes, Doctors Find Answers Far Off the Charts Sometimes, it is only when the patient is halfway out the door that important information spills out.
High-risk danger for Commerce Early in 2002, Commerce Insurance of Webster placed a nearly \$23,000 bet on the gubernatorial candidacy of Democrat Shannon O'Brien.
With ads easier to dodge, companies eye new ways to get out the message It's a brave new world for advertisers. With digital recorders like TiVo , video-on-demand services from cable providers, and the nation's biggest cable company, Comcast , introducing cable boxes with built-in TiVo-style recorders, people can watch whatever they want whenever they want, gleefully fast-forwarding through every commercial break.
Locking in the price of heating oil is no safe bet Heating oil prices are unusually high right now, so high that some analysts are wondering whether it's worthwhile for homeowners to try to lock in a price at these levels for the winter.
Comcast to market new video recorder Starting tomorrow, Comcast Corp. will begin marketing an enhanced cable box to New Englanders that will accelerate a revolution that is changing television-watching habits, and the television industry itself. The Motorola box, which includes a TiVo -style digital video recorder, will allow millions of subscribers to watch shows on their own schedule and skip through the advertisements.
In one man's view, leaders shortchange strategy In the 1990s, as their European rival Airbus Industrie gobbled up market share, senior executives at aircraft builder Boeing Co. -- aviation engineers, financial analysts, retired military brass -- spent hours at team meetings reviewing the Boeing advertising campaign.
An insider's take on revamping US health policy Dr. Jerry Avorn brings convincing data and sharp analysis to ''Powerful Medicines, quot; his timely, challenging appraisal of health policy.
Banks didn't merge to create more jobs To all who have been fired or laid off: This is life. Get over it (''Hundreds laid off at Fleet offices, quot; Aug. 19). Free markets allow for such things and when this merger happened, not a soul outside of the public relations people for the bank thought that this merger would take place without the loss of many positions. After ...
Users hope eBay's stake won't ruin Craigslist WASHINGTON -- Ernie Miller, 38, offers a telling clue as to how www.craigslist.org became the Internet's go-to place to solve life's vexing problems.
Fund newsletter parts Fool and his money In the late 1990s, Tom and David Gardner -- the brothers behind The Motley Fool online investment community -- regularly ridiculed mutual funds and the people who bought them.
Wineries in South Africa give a boost to blacks ELGIN VALLEY, South Africa -- When South Africa held its first fully democratic elections in 1994, Patrick Kraukamp, a day laborer, was just starting a job as a forklift driver at the Paul Cluver wine estate in this lush mountain valley.
Damage at Shi #146;ite cemetery stirs up complex feelings in Najaf  NAJAF, Iraq -- Throughout the battle that smashed crypts, splintered memorial plaques, and scattered unexploded bombs across the Valley of Peace cemetery in Najaf, US troops painted the decision of the Mahdi Army rebels to fight among the graves as a sign of disrespect for the religion they say they defend.
Lawmaker says he #146;s been barred A top Hong Kong opposition lawmaker said he was barred from entering China yesterday, an incident that may fuel anti-Beijing sentiment in upcoming legislative elections. Law Chi-kwong of the Democratic Party said the mainland government assured him he could visit for six days, in what seemed to be a conciliatory gesture by the authorities, who have branded pro-democracy figures here ...
Distrust hurts effort to end polio in India GAYA, India -- Gearing up for the final push to wipe out polio, India has run into a hurdle in an eastern state, where poor, conservative communities are refusing to give polio drops to children because they distrust the medicine and its distributors.
Once-sacred spaces go condo in Montreal  MONTREAL -- On a recent night, the Trimarchi men stood outside their favorite Italian restaurant, at the edge of this city's Little Italy section, and gazed disapprovingly at the cathedral-like structure across the street.
End to N. Korean crisis sought  BEIJING -- China renewed a diplomatic push to try to solve the North Korean nuclear crisis with top-level visits yesterday Pyongyang and Seoul.
Dark chocolate found to aid blood flow MUNICH -- Good news for chocoholics: Eating dark chocolate improves healthy blood flow, according to research published today.
Holmes given Olympic honour Double gold medallist Kelly Holmes will carry GB flag at Athens closing ceremony.
WHAT THE PAPERS SAY Furious Wayne Rooney has begged Everton not to wreck his dream move to Old Trafford after Manchester United increased their offer for the wonderkid.
Format Helps Top Teams Stay on Top en teams spend more than \$1 billion every season to compete in Formula One, but only one has won the championship in half a decade.
Nokia and Vodafone Team Up on Mobile Java Standards The Java language is an object-oriented programming language created by James Gosling and other engineers at Sun Microsystems. It was developed in 1991, as part of the Green Project, and officially announced 
Russian captures Pilot Pen for her third WTA title If one had any doubts about the invasion of teenage Russian tennis players impacting the WTA Tour, doubt no more. Anna Kournikova might be on an extended tennis hiatus but there #39;s 
UA graduate places 19th on mountain bike ATHENS - Todd Wells, a graduate from the University of Arizona who still trains in Tucson during the winter, equaled the best performance by an American man in Olympic mountain biking Saturday.
Funk shakes off slow start Fred Funk needed a late rally yesterday on a sticky, steamy day to take a one-stroke lead into the final round of the Buick Championship.
Source: Colombian Cyclist Fails Drug Test (AP) AP - Colombian cyclist Maria Luisa Calle Williams has tested positive for a stimulant and could lose her bronze medal, Olympic officials said on Sunday.
Raw Eggs? Hair of the Dog? New Options for the Besotted Despite a barrage of new ideas, the hangover itself is imperfectly understood and a true cure remains elusive.
String Theory, at 20, Explains It All (or Not) String theorists agree that it has been a long, strange trip, but they still have faith that they will complete the journey.
Jobs of British Airways Directors Under Threat, Telegraph Says Three senior directors at British Airways Plc face pressure as Chief Executive Rod Eddington starts an investigation into last week #39;s flight delays, the Sunday Telegraph said, citing an unidentified executive at the airline.
Now this is fantastic The journey had ended. All the years, all the games, all the moments were complete. They were girls again, Lisa and Dawn, and for a moment, everything else faded into the background.
McGill tames nerves, Berkleigh Jill McGill has dragged a knotted stomach around the LPGA Tour for nine years, turning every double bogey into reason for self-immolation.
Tape Shows Missing French Journalists CAIRO, Aug. 28 -- Islamic militants released a brief videotape showing two French journalists kidnapped recently in Iraq, saying they were holding the men to protest a French law banning head scarves in schools 
Opposition groups boycott Prime Minister confidence vote ISLAMABAD: Opposition groups on Saturday boycotted the parliament session, convened for the vote of confidence of the new Prime Minister Shaukat Aziz.
Dream in the tank ATHENSIt was like a funeral. One by one they came to pay their respects to Alexandre Despatie, widower of an Olympic dream to which he #39;d been married since childhood.
Silver lining navigated on high seas ATHENS -- US sailors needed a big day to bring home gold and bronze medals from the sailing finale here yesterday. But rolling the dice on windshifts and starting tactics backfired both in Star and Tornado classes, and the Americans had to settle for a single silver medal.
Focal point Mary Joe Fernandez was always known as a thoughtful, deliberate tennis player. And one of her most intelligent moves, she'll agree, came in 1999, toward the end of her decade-long career, when she was training at the Nick Bollettieri Tennis Academy in Florida and was asked to play a practice set against a 12-year-old upstart Russian named Maria Sharapova.  quot;I ...
Lopez adds to trophy chest with ease ATHENS -- In the 2000 Games, the US taekwondo team brought four athletes to Sydney and won one medal, Steve Lopez taking the gold in the 150-pound division.
Earnhardt takes Sharpie 500 Dale Earnhardt Jr. broke out of a six-week slump last night with a convincing victory in the Sharpie 500, giving him a weekend sweep at Bristol (Tenn.) Motor Speedway and momentum for the upcoming championship chase.
Beltre, Dodgers belt Mets Adrian Beltre went 5 for 5 with his major league-leading 42d home run, and the Los Angeles Dodgers got a pair of big pinch hits yesterday in a 4-2 victory over the Mets in New York.
Legendary double for El Guerrouj ATHENS -- In a historic 5,000-meter race, Hicham El Guerrouj of Morocco, who won gold at 1,500 meters last week, outkicked Ken enisa Bekele of Ethiopia in the final straightaway to record the first such double victory since the great Paavo Nurmi of Finland, El Guerrouj's hero, accomplished the feat 80 years ago at the 1924 Paris Olympics.
Dashing performances ATHENS -- We'll have to wait until the lab reports come back. This is the modern era of track and field after all, when it can take four years for Olympic results to become final (right, Jerome Young?). But when the last baton crossed the line here last night, the US team had turned in a heck of a meet, ...
Cuban influence benefits Thai ATHENS -- Yudel Johnson lost the gold medal to a shadow last night. The Cuban light welterweight was slickly outpointed by Thailand's Manus Boonjumnong at Peristeri Boxing Hall, 17-11, but what really beat him was Cuba's exporting of its coaches to a host of other countries.
Yankees destroy Jays With the New York Yankees' starting rotation struggling, the team's offense matched its biggest performance of the season.
Birdstone reigns during storm at the Travers SARATOGA SPRINGS, N.Y. -- Birdstone did it once, winning the Belmont Stakes, but he had to do it again to prove his class, and he accomplished the mission by capturing the 135th running of the \$1 million Travers Stakes at Saratoga yesterday. Now, the retired Smarty Jones, defeated by Birdstone in the Belmont, has company atop the 3-year-old division.
Ramirez sits as injuries continue to bug The way Manny Ramirez knelt and grimaced in agony Friday night after he drilled a pitch off his knee, the possibility of him returning soon to the Red Sox lineup seemed remote. The contusion of Ramirez's left knee was serious enough to force him out of action last night, though the Sox hoped he could return today for the series ...
Notables The Yankees have won 10 of 12 this year against Toronto, which has lost five straight and 18 of 24.
Strike not called off, only deferred: Truckers A truckers #39; union on Sunday said its strike against a proposed service tax on the industry had not been called off, but temporarily deferred until contentious issues were sorted out.
Move to block health deal The California Department of Insurance reaffirmed its opposition to the proposed WellPoint Inc. merger with fellow health care giant Anthem Inc.
NK Faces Severe Environmental Problems: UN Pollution and deforestation in North Korea are exacerbating its serious food shortage problems, according to a UN report released Friday that outlines a range of environmental challenges facing Pyongyang.
Everything changed for Roddick after Open In cargo pants and a gray T-shirt, flanked by a couple of friends, Andy Roddick could have been a frat boy on the way to the movies.
IRAQ: Gripped by an uprising the US can #39;t defeat The smell of burnt flesh filled the air and blood smeared the deserted streets of Najaf #39;s Old City after heavy US air strikes on Shiite militia positions around Iraq #39;s revered Imam Ali shrine, reported Agence France-Presse on August 25.
Israeli troops kill armed Palestinian infiltrator : Israeli troops killed an armed Palestinian man early today as he tried to sneak into Southern Israel, the army said. Military sources, speaking on condition of anonymity, said troops 
Rocket kills one Pakistani paramilitary scout A rocket attack killed one Pakistani paramilitary soldier and wounded eight more, three of them seriously, in the western tribal region where troops are hunting al Qaeda-linked militants, officials said on Sunday.
Clashes Break Out in Lebanon Refugee Camp (AP) AP - Armed clashes broke out Sunday between Palestinian supporters of Yasser Arafat and Islamic extremists in Lebanon's largest refugee camp, and officials said two people were killed, including a teenage girl on a balcony outside the camp who was hit by a stray bullet.
Australian PM Announces Oct. 9 Election (AP) AP - Prime Minister John Howard on Sunday called a national election for Oct. 9 which is likely to serve as a referendum on Australia's troop deployment in Iraq.
Bovina beats heat, Dechy in Pilot Pen final Bovina sweats out a victory: Elena Bovina of Russia withstood on-court heat of 100 degrees yesterday and beat Nathalie Dechy of France 6-2, 2-6, 7-5 to win the Pilot Pen tournament in New Haven, Conn.
China rallies to v-ball win Ping Zhang had 25 points yesterday as China came from two sets down to beat Russia for the gold medal in Olympic women #39;s volleyball.
Man dies in blast as Chechens go to polls OISKHARA, Russia - A man tried to bring a suspicious package into a polling station in Chechnya on Sunday, then died in an explosion as he ran away, the head of the Chechen election commission said on Russian television.
French PM calls emergency meeting over journalist hostage in Iraq French Prime Minister Jean-Pierre Raffarin called an emergency ministerial meeting Sunday to discuss the kidnapping of two French journalists in Iraq, local media reported.
South Korea Files Petition on Scoring Error With CAS After 10 days of deliberation, the South Korean delegation to the Athens Olympics finally filed a petition on the case of Yang Tae-young, bronze medallist in the mens gymnastics individual 
 #39;Suspect Package #39; Man Dies in Polling Day Blast A man who tried to bring a suspicious package into a polling station in Chechnya today was killed in an explosion as he ran away, election officials said.
Howard, Latham battle for Oct 9 poll Prime Minister John Howard has ended the phoney election campaign, naming October 9 as the day he hopes to cement his place in history by winning a fourth consecutive term.
IDF kills gunman crawling toward security fence Early Sunday morning IDF soldiers shot at three Palestinian men who they spotted crawling two hundred meters from the security fence north of the Karni crossing in the Gaza Strip.
Blast Kills Man Near Chechen Voting Area OISKHARA, Russia - A man tried to bring a suspicious package to a polling station in Chechnya on Sunday during a presidential election, then died in an explosion as he ran away, the head of the Chechen election commision said on Russian television.    The Chechens voted for a president to replace the Kremlin-backed leader who was killed in a bomb blast in May...
July market commentary  Financial markets had a very tough month, characterised both low trading volumes and fears that the global economic recovery has slowed down.
US Call Centers To Continue Migration Overseas - Report NEW YORK (Dow Jones)--Call centers and agent positions in the US, a hot-button sector in the jobs outsourcing debate, will continue to migrate in the next few years 
US troops battle in Shia slums BAGHDAD, Iraq - Shia militants and US forces battled in the Sadr City slums yesterday, and a mortar barrage slammed into a busy neighborhood in the capital in new violence that killed at least five Iraqis and wounded dozens of others.
India Test Fires Nuclear-Capable Missile NEW DELHI Aug. 29, 2004 - India test-launched a surface-to-surface missile capable of carrying nuclear weapons Sunday, a defense ministry spokesman said.
Composer reiterates anti-Jewish comments Greek composer Mikis Theodorakis, who outraged Jews in November by calling them  quot;the root of evil, quot; is at it again, this time saying Jews control the worlds banks and the mass media.
What #39;s that sound? Bose is tinkering with the suspension Dr. Amar Bose is fascinated by drivers: those that make noise when wired to an electrical current, and those who pilot fast cars. And Bose, whose familiar name is embossed on elaborate automobile audio systems 
Real dream team nails three-peat Maybe this is the end of an era. Dawn Staley has called it quits as an Olympic player. Lisa Leslie and Sheryl Swoopes can #39;t imagine playing without her.
Time out for Acuff Amy Acuff won #39;t leave the Olympics with a medal, but she will leave with thoughts of what could have been. The Calallen High School graduate settled for fourth, but 
French Hostage Crisis Adds Tension to Headscarf Ban The kidnapping of two French journalists in Iraq has injected new tension into France #39;s debate over banning Islamic headscarves in schools just as Paris was hoping for a smooth start to the school year this week.
Lewinsky and Loos dish on kiss-and-tell after Clinton and Beckham (AFP) AFP - Kiss-and-tell queens Monica Lewinsky and Rebecca Loos, in a debate on media payments for interviews, came clean about dishing the dirt on Bill Clinton and David Beckham, but the former White House intern claimed her sex story sat on higher moral ground.
Bush has grand health plans; some are skeptical If Congress enacted President Bush #39;s entire health care agenda, campaign aides have asserted, as many as 10 million people who lack health 
Bush comes up big for top-ranked Trojans Running back Reggie Bush came out of the backfield to give Southern California a new big-play receiver. Bush caught three touchdown passes to help the top-ranked Trojans beat 
Chechnya goes to polls; man blows himself up in Grozny Moscow, Aug. 29 (PTI): An unidentified man blew himself up today outside a polling station in Grozny during presidential elections in war-torn Caucasian province of Chechnya.
Australian leaders prepare for October poll Australia #39;s Prime Minister and the country #39;s main opposition leader say  quot;trust quot; will be a key issue when voters go to the polls on October the ninth.
Three Dead, Several Wounded in Lebanon Camp Clash  AIN EL-HILWEH, Lebanon (Reuters) - Three people were killed  and several others wounded Sunday when unknown gunmen attacked  members of a Palestinian faction in Lebanon's largest  Palestinian refugee camp, witnesses said.
Hang Up on This Stock Tip Last Friday, the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC to you and me) announced a warning against an investment scam that has caught several hundred people already.
Athletics: A satisfying double distance twist ATHENS Nawal el-Moutawakel, the first Moroccan to win an Olympic gold medal, was in the mixed zone, avoiding interviews as deftly as she used to avoid hurdles, but then tonight el-Moutawakel was a fan instead of a star.
It #39;s a US women #39;s world When it comes to US Olympic basketball, men are from Mars and women are from Venus. And Venus is a much happier planet right now. On a day when the US men #39;s team settled 
Gold for GB sprint four Britain #39;s Mark Lewis-Francis held off the USA #39;s Maurice Greene on the last leg to win a stunning gold medal in the men #39;s 4x100m relay.
India Test Fires Nuclear-Capable Missile (Reuters) Reuters - India successfully test fired\a long-range nuclear-capable Agni II missile off its eastern\coast of Orissa Sunday, a defense ministry spokesman said.
BA heads to roll over flights chaos ENIOR British Airways executives face the sack after the staff shortage fiasco that crippled the airline #39;s operations at Heathrow last week and threatens to do the same this bank holiday weekend.
A tax shelter factory bared in KPMG memos KPMG, the accounting firm under scrutiny for promoting tax shelters that were found to be abusive, discussed selling a new shelter highly similar to a banned version more than two years after the US Internal Revenue Service outlawed the original one and 
India Test Fires Nuclear-Capable Missile India successfully test fired a long-range nuclear-capable Agni II missile off its eastern coast of Orissa Sunday, a defense ministry spokesman said.
Internet free speech laws, Chapter Whatever (SiliconValley.com) SiliconValley.com - Maybe you were out of town last week, or maybe you just weren't paying attention. That's OK. Here's a quick rundown of what you missed, culled from reports by our staff and wire services.
India test fires nuclear capable missile (Reuters) Reuters - India successfully test fired a long-range nuclear-capable Agni II missile off its eastern coast of Orissa on Sunday, a defence ministry spokesman said.
BCS situation is enough to give anyone a headache Actually, I just finished looking at the final BCS standings and could use a boost. More to the point, I could use an aspirin. So let me get this straight: Pittsburgh loses to Nebraska and Connecticut, narrowly 
Quest for holy grail of game controllers The quest for a wireless, robust video game controller is a hit and miss task.
Florida recovers from Hurricane Charley Two weeks after it was hit by Hurricane Charley, Florida is open for business and welcoming visitors. The organisation Visit Florida, which offers advice to holidaymakers 
Sun, Dell Lead Server Sales Server shipments and revenue increased in the second quarter, as Sun Microsystems and Dell gained market share at the expense of Hewlett-Packard and IBM, according to research recently released by Gartner.
Roddick aiming for back-to-back Opens The US Open is really all that #39;s left for defending champion Andy Roddick this year. He #39;s coming in ranked No. 2 without a big title run since he won Miami in March and although he #39;s been in the mix at nearly 
40 injured in French motorway pileup Bordeaux, France - Seven people were killed and 40 injured in a pileup involving a Spanish coach and 10 cars early on Sunday. The accident took place on the Bayonne-Bordeaux highway in southwest France, the Gironde prefect #39;s office said.
India Test Fires Nuclear Capable Missile  NEW DELHI, India (Reuters) - India successfully test fired  a long-range nuclear-capable Agni II missile off its eastern  coast of Orissa Sunday, a defense ministry spokesman said.
Pipeline Explodes in Iraq's South Rumaila Field  BASRA, Iraq (Reuters) - A pipeline exploded in Iraq's south  Rumaila oil field on Sunday, days after several pipelines in  the same area were sabotaged, a Reuters witness said.
Agassi tries to work major magic at age 34 Can Serena and Venus Williams, who missed the 2003 Open with injuries, re-emerge as the best in the women #39;s game? Venus hasn #39;t won a major in three years, Serena in 14 months.
BROADSHEET/ COMPACT VIEWS Norwegian police trying to track down The Scream could do worse than check out the Blackburn Rovers technical area. Graeme Souness was on his feet and incandescent with rage for much of this game, and with good reason.
Presidential Vote Under Way in Chechnya Amid Fears of Violence Voting is under way in Russia #39;s breakaway region of Chechnya to select a replacement for a president who was killed in a bomb attack.
France Seeks Return of Reporters in Iraq Amid Headscarf Threat The French government demanded the release of two journalists kidnapped in Iraq by a group demanding that France rescind a ban on Islamic headscarves in the nation #39;s schools within 48 hours.
Fischer Delivers Strong Message in Syria German Foreign Minister Fischer focused on economic ties between Syria and the EU as well as concerns over human rights and weapons of mass destruction in Syria during a visit to Damascus Saturday.
Israel central to Intel #39;s future research A WEB SITE quotes Intel #39;s chief technology officer, Pat Gelsinger, emphasising the importance of Israel to the firm #39;s future research and development.
Russia Beats U.S. Men for Volleyball Bronze  ATHENS (Reuters) - Russia, silver medallists in Sydney, won  the Olympic bronze medal in the men's volleyball competition on  Sunday, beating the United States in straight sets.
Experts Welcome, But Doubt, Bush Climate Softening (Reuters) Reuters - Environmental experts Friday\welcomed a hint of a softening in U.S. skepticism about global\warming but saw little chance President Bush might rejoin\international efforts to cap greenhouse gases.
Chechens Vote for New Leader; 'Bomber' Kills Self  ZNAMENSKOYE, Russia (Reuters) - Chechens voted on Sunday  for a new president in a tense election, but many doubted the  Moscow-backed police officer who was set to win would manage to  stamp out rebellion in the turbulent region.
Singer Laura Branigan dies at 47 US singer Laura Branigan, who had hits with Gloria and Self Control in the 1980s, dies unexpectedly in her sleep.
Behind Enemy Lines: Advice From a Partisan A Republican on how to survive in a Democratic town: This really is the greatest city in the world, but you are now behind enemy lines.
Rogge: IOC accepts human error not manipulation in judging International Olympic Committee president Jacques Rogge said here on Saturday that they accept thehuman error in judging or refereeing but never tolerate any manipulation.
Live: Khan v Kindelan All the action as Great Britain #39;s Amir Khan takes on Cuban Mario Kindelan in the Olympic lightweight final. (1241 BST). 1200 BST: Anticipation builds as 17-year-old Amir Khan from Bolton bids to become the 
Interpol experts at Dhaka to help probe into AL rally blasts An advance team of Interpol flew in Dhaka today (Sunday) at the request of the government to investigate the August 21 grenade attack on opposition leader Sheikh Hasinas rally at Bangabandhu Avenue.
Republicans, protesters mass in New York (AFP) AFP - Republicans descended on New York for their national convention to rally President George W. Bush back to the White House, as anti-Bush demonstrators planned a massive, noisy protest in the streets.
China Launches Mapping and Surveying Satellite China Sunday launched a satellite that will carry out land surveys and mapping for several days before returning to earth, the Xinhua news agency said.
Intel Offers Three-Way Wi-Fi Support Intel on Thursday introduced tri-mode Wi-Fi support for its Centrino mobile-processor platform, as well as software to make it easier for businesses to set up a wireless connection to any available network at maximum speed.
Golds All Round for Athens from IOC Chief Olympic supremo Jacques Rogge Sunday offered gold medals all round to Athens for organizing a superb Olympics after years of doom and gloom leading up to the opening.
Backley scrapes Edward praises Khan for taking acclaim in his &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; TEAM GB boxing coach Terry Edwards has described teenage sensation Amir Khan as one of the most talented British boxers to emerge so far this decade - and one of the most relaxed.
Horna to face Hewitt in finals COMMACK - Luis Horna ended the unbeaten Long Island reign of two-time champion Paradorn Srichaphan, outlasting him 1-6, 6-4, 7-6 (5) to advance to the final of the \$380,000 ATP event on Saturday.
Explosives Found In Wreckage Of Both Russian Planes 29 August 2004 -- Russian investigators are continuing their probe into the near simultaneous crashes of two airliners on 24 August after finding traces of explosives at both wreckage sites.
US, UK Knew of Equatorial Guinea Plot, Sunday Times Says The US and UK knew of the possibility of a coup against the government of Equatorial Guinea, the Sunday Times reported, citing unidentified officials at the Pentagon and UK government.
PM advised complete rest today New Delhi, Aug. 29 (UNI): Prime Minister Manmohan Singh, who was indisposed yesterday, due to viral fever, is taking complete rest today, a PM #39;s aide said.
Eight dead, 46 injured in French motorway pileup (AFP) AFP - Eight people were killed and 46 injured, most of them Portuguese coach passengers, in a pile-up of five vehicles on a motorway in southwest France, authorities said.
China launches science satellite China on Sunday launched a recoverable science experimental satellite into a preset orbit, atop a Long March 2C carrier rocket from a launch center in northwest China.
EU insists on WMD clause in accord with Syria The European Union wants to sign a trade and aid pact to ease Syria #39;s diplomatic isolation, but only on condition it agrees to renounce weapons of mass destruction, German Foreign Minister Joschka Fischer said yesterday.
It #39;s best to keep firewalls from competing Q: I understand that Microsoft #39;s Service Pack 2 for Windows XP, a new update, includes improved firewall protection. I currently use Norton Personal Firewall; will any incompatibility result when both firewalls are installed?
At Buick, Funk Is One Round From First Victory in 6 Years Fred Funk needed a late rally on a sticky, steamy day to take a one-stroke lead into the final round of the Buick Championship in Cromwell, Conn.
Najaf Battle.. Sistani Wins Big The dramatic return from abroad, call on his followers to head for Najaf and the swift ending to a three-week long fierce battle 
FRENCH HOSTAGES TALKS French Prime Minister Jean-Pierre Raffarin has cancelled a trip to the south of France to hold an urgent meeting with three top ministers on the fate of two French journalists kidnapped in Iraq.
Explosion kills eight in southeast Afghanistan Eight school children were killed and 15 others injured as a blast rocked a school in Paktia province in southeast Afghanistan on Saturday, the provincial governor said Sunday.
BA to Investigate Staff Shortage Crisis British Airways today pledged to carry out an investigation into a staff shortage that sparked travel chaos at Heathrow Airport last week.
Typhoon hits southern Japan Chaba, one of this year #39;s strongest, had sustained winds of 162kph, and was churning over the tiny southern islands of Amami Oshima and Tanegashima in Kagoshima prefecture (state), the Meteorological Agency said.
Online Statement Denies Vatican As Target (AP) AP - An online statement posted Sunday in the name of an al-Qaida-linked group pledged that the Vatican would be spared, but repeated threats to "turn Rome into hell."
Three Pakistani soldiers killed near Afghan border (AFP) AFP - At least three Pakistani soldiers have been killed and seven injured in two separate attacks in the rugged tribal region near Afghan border, officials said.
Israelis Fear Fallout from Pentagon Spy Probe  JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israel's image in the United States  may be tarnished and relations with its main ally suffer even  if suspicions a Pentagon analyst gave secrets to the Jewish  state prove false, Israeli officials said Sunday.
U.S. Women Show Dream Team How It's Done ATHENS, Greece - Three teammates, three Olympics, three gold medals. Dawn Staley, Lisa Leslie, Sheryl Swoopes...
S.C. Residents Brace for Gaston CHARLESTON, S.C. - Rain doused the South Carolina coast early Sunday as Tropical Storm Gaston, just under hurricane strength, picked up speed and pushed ashore...
Kindelan stops Khan #39;s run to gold Cuba #39;s Mario Kindelan has stopped the amazing run of British teenager Amir Khan by outpointing him in the lightweight final of the Olympic boxing tournament.
Langers picks could define new Ryder era When Hal Sutton made his two captains selections for the US Ryder Cup team, he really chose from only about five serious candidates.
Twins End Angels' Nine-Game Winning Streak (AP) AP - Johan Santana won his eighth straight decision Saturday, Jacque Jones and Augie Ojeda homered, and the Minnesota Twins kept rolling toward a third straight AL Central title wit ha 7-1 victory that ended the Anaheim Angels' nine-game winning streak.
Israeli Army Kills Gunman in Gaza Strip  JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israeli soldiers shot dead a  Palestinian gunman in the Gaza Strip Sunday as he approached  the border fence with Israel, the army said.
India Test Fires Nuclear-Capable Missile  NEW DELHI (Reuters) - India successfully test fired a  long-range nuclear-capable Agni II missile off its eastern  coast Sunday, a defense ministry spokesman said.
Oil Higher on Iraq After Heavy Fall Oil prices edged higher on Thursday from a heavy drop the day before as renewed violence and sabotage attacks in Iraq revived fears over supply disruptions.
China rallies for gold in women #39;s volleyball Athens, Greece (Sports Network) - China dropped the first two sets, but rallied for a victory over Russia in the women #39;s volleyball gold medal match.
What we learned USC: Reggie Bush is all that. It #39;s fitting that The President, as he #39;s nicknamed, chose the nation #39;s capital as the venue for his national coming-out party.
Kremlin candidate favourite as Chechens vote amid fears of &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; GROZNY, Russia : Chechens voted in an election expected to crown a Kremlin-backed candidate as the strife-torn republic #39;s new leader, with thousands of security personnel patrolling its streets against the threat of rebel attacks.
Footprints on the Moon The Moon offers a unique preserved laboratory free from the weathering that ages the record of how life arose on Earth. Studying radiation and polar craters may be targets for the next human or robotic missions.
Alaska Brown Bears Gather for Annual Salmon Feast Each summer, the falls at McNeil River turn into a mosh pit of bears. Instead of thumping music, it's the sound of salmon slapping their way up the falls at the McNeil River State Game Sanctuary that sends the bears into a fishing frenzy.
El Guerrouj is doubly good Distance king, Great Britain #39;s Holmes &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt;  quot;We are the World #39; #39; was the theme of the track and field competition on the last full day of activity at the 2004 Olympic Games as 14 countries other than the United States won medals at Olympic Stadium.
Master Kindelan stops pupil Khan #39;s great run Nearly twice Khan #39;s age at 33, the defending champion relied on his greater experience to counter-punch methodically and win a 30-22 decision.
Roon: Its time to leave Everton Wayne Rooney believes the time has come for him to leave Everton as he is  #39;disappointed #39; by the way the club has been dealing with his transfer request.
US troops clash with assailants in northern Iraq, killing two &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; MOSUL, Iraq US troops have clashed with insurgents firing rocket-propelled grenades from a mosque in northern Iraq. The US military says two attackers were killed and 34 civilians hurt.
Duke University Welcomes Freshmen With New iPods Newly arrived Duke University freshmen got something considerably snazzier than the usual Blue Devils T-shirts and ball caps: Their goodie bags included a free iPod digital music player engraved with the school's crest and the words "Class of 2008."
Israeli Army Kills Gunman in Gaza Strip (Reuters) Reuters - Israeli soldiers shot dead a\Palestinian gunman in the Gaza Strip Sunday as he approached\the border fence with Israel, the army said.
Shelley #39;s career is a study in contradictions He #39;s a crusader for campaign finance reform embroiled in a scandal over political donations; a defender of workers #39; rights who allegedly subjected his own employees to humiliating dressings-down and inappropriate workplace demands.
Golds all round for Athens from IOC chief ATHENS, Greece -- Olympic supremo Jacques Rogge today offered gold medals all round to Athens for organising a superb Olympics after years of doom and gloom leading up to the opening.
Silver boxing medal for teenager Khan British teenager Amir Khan has failed to win a gold medal in the Athens Olympics after losing his lightweight division boxing final.
Sikh community celebrates 400 years of installation of holy &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; SINGAPORE : Singapore #39;s Sikh community on Sunday celebrated the 400th anniversary of the first installation of its holy book - the Sri Guru Granth Sahib Ji.
Silver medal for Amir Khan Bolton teenager Amir Khan has lost the final of the Olympic lightweight boxing competition to defending champion Mario Kindelan. The 17-year-old claims the silver medal for Great Britain but his Cuban opponent #39;s experience showed.
Ten dead in bomb blast TEN people, most of them youths, were killed and an unknown number were injured when a bomb went off overnight in a religious school in Afghanistan, the US military said today.
Saboteurs blow up Iraq oil pipeline Saboteurs blew up an export pipeline in southern Iraq today in the latest in a series of attacks targeting the volatile countrys crucial oil industry.
Rocket, bomb kill two Pakistani soldiers (Reuters) Reuters - A rocket attack and a remote control bomb killed two Pakistani paramilitary soldiers and wounded 11 in the western tribal regions where troops are hunting al Qaeda-linked militants, officials said on Sunday.
Blast Kills Man at Chechen Polling Station OISKHARA, Russia - Against a backdrop of war and squalor, Chechens voted Sunday for a replacement for their assassinated president in a vote the Kremlin hopes will bring some stability to the violence-torn region. A man was killed when he attempted to blow up a polling station...
Coaching likely in Staley #39;s Olympic future With a gold medal dangling from her neck, Dawn Staley said Saturday that she won #39;t play basketball in the Olympics again. She sure would like to coach in one, though.
German FM Joschka Fischer arriving Monday. German Foreign Minister Joschka Fischer warned Sunday that an Iranian nuclear arms buildup would be a  quot;nightmare, quot; saying Europe is looking to head off any dangerous confrontation with Tehran.
Week ahead: Apple #39;s Paris buzz Following are some of the notable technology-related events scheduled for the week of Aug. 15. Apple Computer fans are dishing the scuttlebutt this week.
S Korea lodge appeal in Hamm medal row South Korea have appealed to sport #39;s supreme legal body in an attempt to award Yang Tae-young the Olympic gymnastics all-round gold medal after a scoring error robbed him of the title in Athens.
Blair tried to bully BBC over Iraq coverage London: Former BBC chief has accused British Prime Minister Tony Blair of attempting to force the corporation to change its tone of coverage of the Iraq war and the issue of weapons of mass destruction.
Iran Hosts Iraqi Official, Eyes Better Relations (Reuters) Reuters - Iraqi deputy Prime Minister Barham Salih\said Sunday he brought a message of friendship to Iran, which\has been angered by charges it is stirring up tension in Iraq,\the official IRNA news agency said.
Slovaks Commemorate Start of Revolt (AP) AP - Military jets thundered overhead, and hundreds of people, including veterans and top officials, gathered in Sunday to commemorate the 60th anniversary of the 1944 Slovak uprising against Nazi rule.
Big Explosion Rocks Afghan Capital (AP) AP - A big explosion rocked the center of the Afghan capital on Sunday, but there was no immediate word on the cause, the extent of damage or casualties.
Largest Protest of Week Expected in NYC (AP) AP - New York braced Sunday for tens of thousands of demonstrators in the largest scheduled protest of the week against the Bush administration, as Republican delegates descended on a heavily fortified convention city.
BA staff to get cut-price flights British Airways says it is rewarding ground staff with cheap flights after a chaotic week of cancelled flights.
RPT-Blast in Kabul Kills Several People-Witnesses (Reuters) Reuters - Several people were killed on Sunday by a\powerful blast in the Afghan capital, witnesses said.
Palestinian PM Qorei set for talks in Egypt (AFP) AFP - Palestinian premier Ahmed Qorei is to hold talks with senior officials in Egypt this week over Israel's planned pullout from the Gaza Strip and the possibility of a new truce by armed factions.
Bangladesh opposition calls for Monday strike (Reuters) Reuters - Bangladesh's main opposition party called for a fourth strike day in a week on Monday to protest against a deadly grenade attack on a political rally.
Florida Hopes to Get It Right in Primary Ballot (Reuters) Reuters - Florida, which held up the results of the\2000 presidential election by more than a month, holds a\primary this week that many regard as a test of the state's\readiness to avoid another fiasco in November.
BA staff to get cut-price flights British Airways has said it plans to give 17,500 staff two extra discounted flights as a reward for coping with stress and disruption in the last week.
German FM: Iranian nuclear arms buildup would be a  #39;nightmare #39; Fischer says an Iranian nuclear challenge only adds to Middle East problems that include bringing security and stability to postwar Iraq.
Ex-head of BBC says Tony Blair lied The former chief of the BBC has accused Britain #39;s Prime Minister Tony Blair of being incompetent or lying to Parliament about the war in Iraq, the BBC said.
Welcome to New York. Now Go Hail a Cab. You saw the movie, you memorized the song, so let's skip the bit about the Bronx being up and the Battery down. What you need to know is the best way to get around.
South Korean gymnast goes to sport court to get gold medal The South Korean gymnast who lost the all-around title to Paul Hamm because of a scoring error filed an appeal Sunday with a sports arbitration panel, asking it to help him get the gold medal.
British Airways to Conduct Internal Probe Into Canceled Flights British Airways Plc, Europe #39;s second- biggest airline, said it will conduct an internal investigation into a labor shortage that led it to cancel more than 100 flights in the past week, leaving thousands of passengers stranded.
UN Publishes Environmental Report on North Korea The first report on environmental conditions in North Korea such as the quality of water, air, forest, soil, and diversity of wildlife has been published.
Rooney hovers between Manchester United and Newcastle That England #39;s Euro 2004 wonder boy Wayne Rooney will leave Everton is virtually certain, following an increased offer by Manchester United and the teenager #39;s determination to move on.
Ten dead in Afghanistan bomb blast: US military KABUL : Ten people, most of them youths, were killed and an unknown number were injured when a bomb went off overnight in a religious school in Afghanistan, the US military said.
Investors Take a Holiday (Reuters) Reuters - Investors may pack up and leave town\this week as the Republican National Convention begins in New\York and many on Wall Street take vacation -- draining U.S.\markets of volume and leaving stocks with little direction.
Intel Clouded by Back-To-School Fears  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Intel Corp.'s &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=INTC.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;INTC.O&lt;/A&gt; upcoming  mid-quarter report will be closely watched for signs of weak  back-to-school computer sales, though recent market share gains  in memory chips could help offset any softness in computer  microprocessor demand.
Investors Take a Holiday  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Investors may pack up and leave town  this week as the Republican National Convention begins in New  York and many on Wall Street take vacation -- draining U.S.  markets of volume and leaving stocks with little direction.
Largest Protest of Week Expected in NYC NEW YORK - New York braced Sunday for tens of thousands of demonstrators in the largest scheduled protest of the week against the Bush administration, as Republican delegates descended on a heavily fortified convention city.    Marchers planned to chart a circular course through the city to the convention site at Madison Square Garden and then back south again...
Deadly Blast Mars Chechen Voting OISKHARA, Russia - Against a backdrop of war and squalor, Chechens voted Sunday for a replacement for their assassinated president in a vote the Kremlin hopes will bring some stability to the violence-torn region. A man was killed when he attempted to blow up a polling station...
Canadian Banks Target US as Springboard to Success Frustrated in a domestic market that offers them little chance to grow, many a Canadian bank has ventured south to the US market in a hunt for the prize asset that will vault them into the Big Time.
Air J pilots pay bill poses danger to airline, says official Government officials, already concerned that Air Jamaica is buckling under the weight of record high fuel prices, are growing increasingly uneasy with the costs to the national carrier of its pilots.
Brown-Forman to make first move in 300m Glenmorangie bid battle BROWN-FORMAN, the drinks group behind Jack Daniels, will launch a formal bid for Glenmorangie, the Scotch whisky producer which was put up for sale last week.
Intel Clouded by Back-To-School Fears Intel Corp. #39;s (INTC.O: Quote, Profile, Research) upcoming mid-quarter report will be closely watched for signs of weak back-to-school computer sales, though recent 
Korean Olympic Team Files Petition with CAS Koreas Olympic delegation filed a petition on Saturday, appealing for a correction of a scoring error committed during Yang Tae-youngs performance in mens gymnastics with the Court of Arbitration for Sport (CAS), Shin Bak-je, the headperson of 
Intel Clouded by Back-To-School Fears Intel Corp. #39;s upcoming mid-quarter report will be closely watched for signs of weak back-to-school computer sales, though recent market share gains in memory chips could help offset any softness in computer microprocessor demand.
Korean Challenges Hamm Gold South Koreas Tae Young Yang has filed an appeal to the Court of Arbitration for Sport challenging the result of the mens all-round gymnastics final.
Militants Holding French Journalists Demand End to Ban on Scarves A militant Iraqi Islamic group holding two French journalists has demanded that France annul a new law banning Muslim head scarves in public schools, adding an ominous new 
Celtic in seventh heaven as Thompson strike clinches win against Gers (AFP) AFP - Celtic clinched their seventh consecutive win against Rangers with a 1-0 win at Parkhead courtesy of a late Alan Thompson strike.
One Dead in Afghanistan Explosion (AP) AP - A big explosion badly damaged a house in downtown Kabul Sunday, killing at least one man. The building was in flames.
Kremlin Man Heads for Win in Tense Chechnya Poll  GROZNY, Russia (Reuters) - A Moscow-backed policeman was  set to become rebel Chechnya's new president in a fraught  election Sunday marked by a bomb blast in which only the  attacker was killed.
Three Americans, Two Afghans Killed in Kabul Blast  KABUL (Reuters) - At least three American nationals  involved in the training of Afghanistan's new police force were  killed Sunday in a powerful blast in Kabul that also killed at  least two Afghans, a defense ministry official told Reuters.
China squashes little grasshopper #39;s shoes As a wise, old, bearded Buddhist monk might say, LeBron James is still but a little grasshopper. Ah, but the grasshopper sure can jump - and not just on the basketball court, so says John Petkovic of The (Cleveland) Plain Dealer.
Somalia forms central government After years of anarchy, Somalia is poised to set up a new parliament which will elect a president.
Belgian GP, Race Jarno ninth and retirement for Fernando in an extremely disappointing result for the team in Belgium.
Investors Take a Holiday Investors may pack up and leave town this week as the Republican National Convention begins in New York and many on Wall Street take vacation -- draining US markets of volume and leaving stocks with little direction.
Van Wagoner barred from mutual fund industry roles The Securities and Exchange Commission said Thursday it filed settled fraud charges against San Francisco-based Van Wagoner Capital Management Inc.
Schumacher finishes second at Spa but still claims seventh season &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Michael Schumacher clinched an unprecedented seventh Formula One drivers #39; title at the Belgian Grand Prix on Sunday, despite not winning for just the second time in 14 races this season.
Sistani #39;s Initiative Fortunately, it ended as such. The major massacre did not occur, but small ones did. The shrines and the holy places were not destroyed, although some walls were hit.
Three Americans, Two Afghans Killed in Kabul Blast At least three American nationals involved in the training of Afghanistan #39;s new police force were killed Sunday in a powerful blast in Kabul that also killed at least two Afghans, a defense ministry official told Reuters.
Bush: Kerry's Vietnam Tour 'More Heroic' (AP) AP - President Bush said opponent John Kerry's service was "more heroic" than his during Vietnam, in an interview shown Saturday on NBC News.
Effort Intensifies to Secure Penn Station (AP) AP - Trash cans are welded shut, armed guards are watching rail yards and thousands of cops are patrolling Penn Station. North America's busiest train station is the epicenter of the city's largest police deployment in memory.
Quenching a big thirst THE world #39;s biggest beer company was formed at the weekend after Belgium brewer Interbrew and Brazilian drinks group AmBev merged.
Younger players will lead next run for basketball gold Staley #39;s generation set the tone for America #39;s dominance of women #39;s basketball. She was hoisted off her feet by a player who represents the future of the sport, a generation that will be charged with keeping the gold medals coming.
Stale memories of Athens There will be many lingering memories from these Athens Olympics, not least of which will be every detail of the in-venue catering, a tawdry little collection of the stewed, the strange and 
Jimenez wins BMW International Open by two shots Spaniard Miguel Angel Jimenez won his fourth European Tour title of the year with a two-shot victory at the BMW International Open on Sunday, with the European Ryder Cup team to be finalised later in the day.
Serving up a Slam to savour SOMEWHERE along the road that each year begins in Melbourne and stretches to Paris and London before ending in New York, tennis has become interesting again.
Tribal Leaders Meet US, Iraqi Officials For Al-Sadr City Talks Shi #39;a tribal leaders in Baghdad #39;s Al-Sadr City district met today with Iraqi police and US Army officials for talks on how to restore calm amid almost daily clashes that have killed and injured many people.
French ministers meet over kidnapping French ministers have been holding emergency meetings to discuss how to respond to the kidnapping of two French journalists in Iraq.
Birdstone Shows Belmont Was No Fluke The downpour that engulfed Saratoga somehow held off until just after Birdstone won the Travers Stakes on Saturday and solidified his credentials as the top 3-year-old in training.
Hammer Gold Medallist Annus Loses Medal  ATHENS (Reuters) - Olympic men's hammer champion Adrian  Annus has been stripped of his gold medal after failing to take  a drugs test, the International Olympic Committee said Sunday.
Two Afghan Blasts Kill at Least 15 People  KABUL (Reuters) - At least 15 people have been killed in  explosions in an upscale district of the Afghan capital Kabul  and at a school in a southeastern province, officials said  Sunday.
This Jersey wears on star Jason Kidd performed a few of the old dance steps last night at the Meadowlands, but his new partners kept stepping on his feet, and on their own toes.
Big Anti-Bush Protests Expected in NYC NEW YORK - Demonstrators took to the streets on Sunday to protest President Bush's foreign and domestic policies as Republican delegates gathered to nominate the president for a second term.    A day ahead of the start of the Republican National Convention, up to 250,000 demonstrators were expected to march up Seventh Ave...
U.S. Wrestlers Shut Out Daniel Cormier and Joe Williams of the United States each lose in Olympic freestyle wrestling, leaving America without a finalist in the three gold medal matches.
Gymnast Goes to Court The South Korean gymnast who lost the all-around title to Paul Hamm because of a scoring error files an appeal Sunday with a sports arbitration panel asking it to help him get a gold medal.
France demands release of hostages France #39;s interior minister demanded Sunday the release of two French journalists believed kidnapped by Islamic militants in Iraq.
Afghan School Explosion Kills 10 29 August 2004 -- The US military says an explosion near a school in southeastern Afghanistan has killed 10 people. US military spokeswoman Master Sergeant Ann Bennett says the people killed by the explosion 
Damascus feels Beirut #39;s ripple effect HE is jowly, uninspiring and favours shiny, wide-knotted ties. He has served for six quiet years as President, yet his modest proposal last week that he be re-elected was enough to unleash a constitutional and political crisis.
Mugabe claims Blair trying to oust him Zimbabwean President Robert Mugabe has vowed he will never retreat in the face of what he calls British and US government attempts to oust him.
El Guerrouj, Holmes complete doubles; Americans yield ATHENS, Greece - Hicham El Guerrouj became the first man in 80 years to win the 1,500 and the 5,000 races at one Olympics, joining Finnish great Paavo Nurmi in the history books on Saturday.
Athletics: Clumsy US relay teams hand foes gold ATHENS No one had run faster than the US 100-meter sprinters - at least without a baton. But put the stick in an unpracticed American #39;s hand on the track in these Olympics, and it transforms talent into tumult.
Casey, Howell lock up Ryder Cup berths MUNICH, Germany - Paul Casey, David Howell and Ian Poulter of Britain and Paul McGinley of Ireland cemented their places in the European Ryder Cup team with top-25 finishes at the BMW International Open on Sunday.
Four Secure European Ryder Cup Spots (AP) AP - England's Ian Poulter, Paul Casey and David Howell, and Irishman Paul McGinley secured spots on Europe's Ryder Cup team at the BMW International on Sunday.
Middlesbrough 3 Manchester City 2 WHILST Nicolas Anelka appears to play his own version of I #39;mA Celebrity Get Me Out of Here, #39; the rest of the City squad are getting on with making a decent fist of life in the Premiership jungle.
G.I. Says Prisoner Humiliation Encouraged (AP) AP - Staff Sgt. Ivan "Chip" Frederick, who last week agreed to plead guilty to some charges in the Abu Ghraib abuse scandal, said in an interview published Sunday that "secret services" operating in the jail encouraged the humilation of prisoners.
Equatorial Guinea coup plotters deserve firing squad: president (AFP) AFP - The alleged plotters of a coup in Equatorial Guinea are "blood-thirsty pirates" who deserve the firing squad, the country's President Teodoro Obiang Nguema said.
Personal wealth column The panels, each with a capacity of 190 watts, can provide 36 kilowatts of pollution-free electricity, enough to power as many as a dozen typical homes.
Rampaging elephants trample bulls THE bulls and the bears are on holiday, leaving the Republican Elephants free to roam in Wall Street #39;s backyard. Although the three most watched market indices closed higher on Friday, only 848 million shares changed hands on the New York Stock Exchange.
California Cities, Counties Sue Microsoft Microsoft (MSFT:Nasdaq - news - research) is being sued by several California cities and counties, which accuse the company of charging inflated prices due to its alleged monopoly control of the PC operating system market.
Warner to Start at QB for Giants (AP) AP - Two-time MVP Kurt Warner beat out Eli Manning for the job of starting quarterback of the New York Giants. Coach Tom Coughlin announced the decision Sunday, a day after indicating he would not decide until after this week's final exhibition game. The Giants open the regular sesaon Sept. 12 at Philadelphia.
Jimenez Wins BMW Open; 4 Claim Ryder Spots (AP) AP - Spain's Miguel Angel Jimenez won his fourth title on the European tour this season, and four others claimed Ryder Cup berths Sunday at the BMW Open. The event was dominated by competition for Europe's Ryder Cup team. Englishmen Paul Casey finished third to secure one of four guaranteed spots and was joined by countrymen David Howell and Ian Poulter and Irishman Paul McGinley.
Muslim Leaders Condemn Kidnappings (AP) AP - Muslim leaders in France on Sunday condemned the kidnapping of two French journalists in Iraq and said the government should not capitulate to militant demands to revoke a law that bans the wearing of Islamic head scarves in schools.
Singh shows us a side we didn #39;t know he had Tears did not flow, the voice did not crack, the lower lip did not quiver. But if the year in golf taught us anything, it is that Vijay Singh cannot be judged by anyone else #39;s standards.
Alonso thinks of what might have been The young Spaniard was leading when he spun into retirement on lap 12 of the Belgian Grand Prix. He talks about his race
Giants to Start Warner The New York Giants announce that two-time MVP Kurt Warner beats out Eli Manning for the starting quarterback job.
ARMCHAIR MBA Buffing the Image of the Chief Executive N the wake of the corporate governance scandals of the last several years, chief executives must make changes to rebuild their stature as leaders, says Andrea Redmond, co-leader of the 
Australia #39;s Howard to Campaign on Record, Latham Pledges Change Australians will go to the polls on Oct. 9, with Prime Minister John Howard campaigning for a fourth term on his record of economic management, low interest rates and national security.
Microsoft sets date for Longhorn Microsoft has announced that start shipping its next version of its Windows operating system in 2006. However to meet the new tight deadline a number of technical innovations will have to be dropped from the OS.
Sensational Saytiev wrestles back to the top Russia #39;s Buvaysa Saytiev has confirmed his status as an all-time wrestling great by winning a second Olympic gold medal, eight years after his first victory in Atlanta.
UK #39;s Blair Liar or Incompetent, Says Former BBC Director Dyke UK Prime Minister Tony Blair has been accused of either lies or incompetence in his handling of the Iraq war, by Greg Dyke, former director-general of the British Broadcasting Corporation.
8 Dead, 54 Injured in French Auto Pileup At least eight people have been killed and at least 54 others injured in a road accident in southwestern France. Authorities say a Spanish bus, a minivan, and at least two cars were involved in the pre-dawn 
Gandhi's Grandson Urges Palestinians to March Home (Reuters) Reuters - The grandson of Mahatma\Gandhi urged Palestinian refugees Sunday to march home from\Jordan en masse, even if the Israelis "kill 200 people," to\shock the world into taking notice.
Two Afghan Blasts Kill at Least 15; Taliban Claims 1  KABUL (Reuters) - At least 15 people have been killed in  explosions in an upscale district of the Afghan capital Kabul  and at a school in a southeastern province where nine children  died, officials said Sunday.
Gandhi's Grandson Urges Palestinians to March Home  RAMALLAH, West Bank (Reuters) - The grandson of Mahatma  Gandhi urged Palestinian refugees Sunday to march home from  Jordan en masse, even if the Israelis "kill 200 people," to  shock the world into taking notice.
China to modernise rail routes Three overseas firms win contracts to improve speeds on China's intercity rail routes to ease freight bottlenecks.
Six Dead in Afghanistan Explosion KABUL, Afghanistan - An explosion tore through the office of an American defense contractor in the heart of the Afghan capital Sunday, killing as many as six people and seriously injuring several more, officials and residents said. The victims included several apparent U.S...
Iraqi Leaders Meet in Peace Effort BAGHDAD, Iraq - The U.S. military and Iraqi Shiite and tribal leaders held talks Sunday aimed a reducing tensions in the Baghdad's Sadr City slum, where 10 people died in fighting a day earlier between Shiite militiamen and U.S...
75,000 Without Power As Storm Slams S.C. MOUNT PLEASANT, S.C. - Tropical Storm Gaston sloshed ashore in South Carolina Sunday, spinning sheets of rain and near hurricane-force wind as it uprooted trees, flooded roads and knocked out power to at least 75,000 homes...
Kerry hits Bush on economy Standing before a crowd of about 15,000 at the Tacoma Dome on Saturday, Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry ticked off a list of domestic problems he said President 
No winners in Powerball, Hoosier Lotto INDIANAPOLIS -- None of the tickets sold for the latest Hoosier Lotto game matched all six numbers drawn, so the jackpot grows to an estimated \$7 million for Wednesday #39;s drawing.
Coughlin taps QB ahead of schedule Coach Tom Coughlin announced the decision Sunday, a day after indicating he would not decide until after this week #39;s final preseason game.
Marlon hails sprint revival Gold medal-winning Marlon Devonish says the men #39;s 4x100m Olympic relay triumph puts British sprinting back on the map. Devonish, Darren Campbell, Jason Gardener and Mark Lewis-Francis edged out the American 
Evidence on second plane backs terror fear RUSSIAN investigators have found explosive residue on the wreckage of the second of two airliners which crashed at almost the same time, a security spokesman said yesterday.
Olympic Games were good investment, says Greek economy minister (AFP) AFP - Greek Economy Minister Yiorgos Alogoskoufis said the Olympic Games had been a good investment for his country, despite earlier misgivings about spiralling costs.
Rogge wages war on drugs cheats IOC president Jacques Rogge has vowed that a record number of doping tests will be carried out at the Beijing Olympics in an effort to fight the war he admits will never be won.
Monty, Donald in Ryder Cup European Ryder Cup captain Bernhard Langer named Colin Montgomerie and Luke Donald as his wildcard picks for the side to face the USA in September.
Wayne rooney disappointed in Everton LIVERPOOL, Aug 29 (SW) - Everton and England striker Wayne Rooney has said he is  quot;disappointed quot; with the way his club and their fans have responded to his transfer request.
Giants tab Warner as starter East Rutherford, NJ (Sports Network) - The New York Giants put an end to any possible quarterback controversy as Kurt Warner was named the starter over rookie Eli Manning for the season opener.
Jays left stranded vs. Yanks com. Just when the Blue Jays seemed to be making it a game on Saturday, the Yankees sprinted away with a three-homer barrage. New York scored nine times in the ninth inning, cashing in an 18-6 win over Toronto.
Internet Turns 35, Still Work in Progress (AP) AP - Thirty-five years after computer scientists at UCLA linked two bulky computers using a 15-foot gray cable, testing a new way for exchanging data over networks, what would ultimately become the Internet remains a work in progress.
France's Testud Pulls Out of U.S. Open (AP) AP - Sandrine Testud of France pulled out of the U.S. Open on Sunday because of an injured right foot.
Marathon Leader Pushed Off Road by Protester  ATHENS (Reuters) - Vanderlei de Lima of Brazil was pushed  off the road by a lone protester while leading the men's  Olympic marathon on Sunday.
AP Survey: Terror Fight Is RNC Priority (AP) AP - First and foremost, delegates to the Republican National Convention want their next president  #151; whoever that may be  #151; to focus on fighting terrorism, an Associated Press survey found.
Iran Hosts Iraqi Official, Eyes Better Relations  TEHRAN (Reuters) - Iraqi Deputy Prime Minister Barham Salih  said Sunday he brought a message of friendship to Iran which  has been angered by charges it is stirring up tension in Iraq,  the official IRNA news agency said.
Anti-Bush activists on the march Opponents of President Bush take to the streets of New York for a protest march ahead of the Republican convention.
NASA Says Shuttle Is On Track for May Flight NASA engineers said yesterday that plans to send the space shuttle aloft next May appear to be proceeding smoothly, but designers acknowledged  quot;setbacks quot; in devising onboard techniques to 
WEEKAHEAD-Emerging debt trade seen thin ahead of US jobs data Emerging market sovereign spreads are expected to move in narrow ranges and thin volume this week but trade is seen likely to pick up once traders assess US August jobs data to be released on Friday.
Nursing homes no haven Hurricane Charley exposed glaring weaknesses in the emergency plans that were supposed to protect hundreds of Charlotte County #39;s most vulnerable residents, the people living in nursing homes.
France Pleas for Release of Journalists The French government and Muslim community in France requested the release of two French journalists being held hostage in Iraq. Al-Jazeera TV broadcast video of the hostages and disclosed the names of the 
Open-Roddick can #39;t wait for  #39;electric #39; atmosphere Andy Roddick hopes to use home advantage to the maximum as he begins the defence of his US Open crown next week. Roddick, who opens this year against American 
Kremlin Candidate Favourite As Chechnya Votes Amid Violence A Kremlin-backed career police officer was set to be crowned leader of Chechnya in a vote Sunday that Moscow hopes will show progress towards peace in the embattled 
Bangladesh #39;s Opposition Party Calls for Another Strike The main opposition party in Bangladesh has called for another nationwide strike to protest a deadly grenade attack at a party rally in the capital, Dhaka, eight days ago.
Baldini Wins Marathon Italy's Stefano Baldini wins the marathon in 2 hours, 10 minutes, 54 seconds. Mebrahtom Keflezighi of the United States takes silver.
Iraqi Leaders Meet in Peace Effort BAGHDAD, Iraq - The U.S. military and Iraqi Shiite and tribal leaders held talks Sunday aimed at reducing tensions in the Baghdad's Sadr City slum, where 10 people died in fighting a day earlier between Shiite militiamen and U.S...
China Launches Satellite New China News Agency reported that the satellite was set into orbit by a  #39;Long Walking- 2C #39; rocket. The satellite was launched at 15:50 local time (10:50 in Turkey) from the Jiuquan Satellite Launching Center in Gansu province in northwestern China.
Basketball: US coach right behind team Their character questioned and commitment belittled, the United States men #39;s team responded to their critics by taking the bronze with a gold-medal effort.
Rogge gives top marks to Athens Olympic supremo Jacques Rogge on Sunday gave top marks to Athens for organising a superb Games.  quot;I am an extremely happy President of the IOC, quot; he told reporters on the day the Games wrap up.
Athletics: It #39;s Britain by a vest thickness ATHENS - Britain took a shock gold in the men #39;s 4x100m relay, pipping favourites the United States by 100th of a second. Mark Lewis-Francis held off 2000 Olympic 100m champion Maurice Greene in a blistering last leg to clinch the gold in 38.
Diving: Hu steps up to take diving gold ATHENS - Hu Jia, Olympic silver medallist in 2000, went one better to win the men #39;s platform crown and bring China six of the eight diving titles.
Athletics: Russian flies high for gold ATHENS - Russian Yelena Slesarenko deprived Hestrie Cloete of the high jump gold medal by soaring to the title with a display bordering on perfection.
Judge Bars R.I. Man From Sending 'Spam' (AP) AP - A judge granted Verizon Wireless a permanent injunction against a Rhode Island man accused of sending millions of unsolicited text-message advertisements to cell phone customers in four states.
AU Probes Darfur Allegations, Peace Talks Resume (Reuters) Reuters - Peace talks between Darfur\rebels and the Sudanese government resumed Sunday evening after\a 24 hour boycott by rebels who accused Khartoum Saturday of\violating a cease-fire by killing 75 civilians in six villages.
Montgomerie Gets Spot on Ryder Cup Team (AP) AP - Colin Montgomerie will play in his seventh Ryder Cup, added to the European team Sunday as one of two wild-card selections by captain Bernhard Langer. Langer also chose 26-year-old Luke Donald, giving England five players on a team that will try to retain the Ryder Cup against the United States on Sept. 17-19 at Oakland Hills outside Detroit.
Crude oil futures start heading down NEW YORK - Crude oil futures in New York have plunged 7.6 per cent in their biggest weekly decline in a year, because of reduced concerns about supply disruptions in Iraq.
Monty #39;s in; Langer adds Montgomerie and Donald Munich, Germany (Sports Network) - European Ryder Cup captain Bernhard Langer finalized his team on Sunday when he added six-time Ryder Cup veteran Colin Montgomerie and rookie Luke Donald.
Tae-young goes to court The South Korean gymnast who lost the all-around title to Paul Hamm because of a scoring error filed an appeal Sunday with a sports arbitration panel asking it to help him get a gold medal.
Standoff bolstered Sadr #39;s support Interviews with Iraqi Shiite clerics reveal that moderates are increasingly supporting Sadr #39;s anti-US campaign. By Scott Baldauf  Staff writer of The Christian Science Monitor.
Explosion Kills 7 at US Firm in Kabul KABUL, Afghanistan Aug. 29, 2004 - An explosion tore through the office of an American security contractor in the heart of the Afghan capital Sunday, killing seven people, including two Americans, officials and witnesses said.
Italian Wins Bizarre Men's Marathon (AP) AP - Stafano Baldini of Italy took the lead two miles from the finish to win the gold medal and American Meb Keflezighi took a stunning silver Sunday in an Olympic marathon disrupted by a costumed intruder who grabbed the race leader with about three miles to go.
Two Turkish Hostages Freed in Iraq (AP) AP - Two Turkish hostages were freed by Iraqi militants Sunday, a Turkish Foreign Ministry official said, less than a week after the men's employers said they were ending operations in Iraq to save the lives of their employees.
Sudanese peace talks restart after one-day rebel boycott (AFP) AFP - The African Union's peace talks on the crisis in Darfur restarted at the end of a one-day boycott called by two rebel groups in protest over alleged government attacks on civilians.
Iraq Shadows Bush Presidency, Campaign (AP) AP - War is hell on a presidency. And it plays havoc with presidential campaigns.
Greece set for Games finale Athens prepares to bid farewell to the 2004 Olympic Games at Sunday's closing ceremony.
Veterans lead way for US women Sue Bird, the No. 1 pick in the 2002 WNBA draft, didn #39;t get many minutes at the Athens Games. By Jack Gruber, USA TODAY. In the gold medal game, a 74-63 victory against Australia, she played just one.
Italian first, American surprising second in bizarre marathon Stafano Baldini of Italy took the lead two miles from the finish to win the gold medal and American Meb Keflezighi took a stunning silver Sunday in an Olympic marathon disrupted by a costumed intruder who grabbed the race leader with about three miles to 
Chirac sends foreign minister to Middle East to negotiate on Iraq hostages (AFP) AFP - French President Jacques Chirac said that he would immediately dispatch his foreign minister to the Middle East to help negotiate the release of two French journalists kidnapped in Iraq.
Farmers' Almanac Predicts a Wild Winter (AP) AP - Gas up the snowblower but don't put away your umbrella: The Farmers' Almanac is predicting a wild winter with heavy precipitation and dramatic temperature swings in the Northeast.
Two Afghan Blasts Kill at Least 17; Taliban Claims 1  KABUL (Reuters) - At least 17 people including children  died in two explosions within 24 hours in Kabul on Sunday and  overnight at a religious school in a southeastern province of  Afghanistan, officials said Sunday.
MTV Turns Up Celeb Heat in Sizzling Miami MIAMI - An already broiling Miami prepared for even more sizzle on Sunday as MTV brought the annual party known as the Video Music Awards to the city for the first time in the awards' 21-year history.    The change of scenery for the awards, typically held in New York or Los Angeles, helped raise the decadence level at the already raucous, celebrity-soaked affair...
Tax Cuts Still Cornerstone of Bush Economic Plan President Bush #39;s speech on Thursday to the Republican convention offers him a chance to seize the initiative in an economic debate that polls show is being won by his Democratic rival, John Kerry.
Doping cases hit record With a record 24 athletes ousted for drug-related violations, perhaps the biggest upset of the Olympics was no US team member flunked a doping test.
Triumphant Olympics End With Pride, Relief (AP) AP - Efharisto! A nervous world learned the Greek word for thank you and repeated it endlessly at an astonishingly successful Athens Olympics that quelled fears, surprised skeptics and greatly honored the birthplace of the games.
African Union Probes Cease-Fire Violation (AP) AP - This small village of mud and straw huts lay ruined and abandoned Sunday, the ground charred, after residents said Sudanese soldiers attacked with a warplane and helicopters, driving farmers from their homes days before a U.N. deadline to end the violence in the ravaged Darfur region.
Tiger Woods Opens Calif. Education Center (AP) AP - Tiger Woods says the primary goal of his youth education center is to help students improve their grades, not master their golf strokes.
Two turns of a screw lay behind Sea King crash on destroyer deck - report (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - HALIFAX (CP) - Two turns of a screw caused the spectacular crash of a Sea King helicopter onto the deck of a Canadian destroyer at sea last year.
Kremlin's Man Wins, Early Results in Chechnya Show  MOSCOW (Reuters) - Preliminary results gave victory to Alu  Alkhanov in Chechnya's presidential election Sunday, with the  Moscow-backed policeman winning more than 50 percent of the  vote, the region's acting president was quoted as saying.
Lanka may withdraw \$5 million SCI suit Sri Lanka Telecom will shortly withdraw its \$5 million suit filed against Shipping Corp. of India Ltd (SCI) for allegedly damaging the islands main submarine telecommunications cable, Sudhir S Rangnekar, director, liner, SCI, said on Friday.
Marathon leader attacked, but result stands Brazilian Vanderlei de Lima was tonight involved in the first high-profile security breach of the Olympic Games as a spectator watching the mens marathon accosted the long-time race leader.
Athens closes 2004 Olympic Summer Games with pride and relief ATHENS (CP) - With pride and relief, Athens bid farewell to its guests from 201 countries at the close of the 2004 Olympic Games on Sunday.
Ferguson bemoans finishing Manchester United boss Sir Alex Ferguson agreed it was handball by Louis Saha that led to their equaliser - but felt his side deserved to win.
Afghan children killed in blast At least seven children have been killed and 15 wounded when a blast ripped through a school in the southeastern Afghan province of Paktia.
Sudanese peace talks restart after rebel boycott as UN deadline expires (AFP) AFP - Sudanese peace talks restarted here at the end of a one-day boycott called by rebel groups in protest at alleged government attacks on civilians, and as a UN deadline for action on the Darfur crisis expired.
Baldini Triumph in Marathon Marred by Intruder  ATHENS (Reuters) - Italian Stefano Baldini won the Olympic  men's marathon Sunday after an intruder dashed on to the course  late in the race and bundled the then leader Vanderlei de Lima  into the crowd.
Anti-Kerry Ads Not Unfair, Laura Bush Says (Reuters) Reuters - First lady Laura Bush said on Sunday\that campaign advertisements accusing Democratic presidential\candidate John Kerry of lying about his Vietnam War record were\fair.
Ward Wins Gold Andre Ward beats Magomed Aripgadjiev of Belarus for gold in the light heavyweight division.
No entry for spam AFTER a couple of days #39; leave, one gets back to work, opens the e-mail and starts swearing. You know the reason: Spam. Except for tech-savvy Internet users who have installed tools such as spam filtering software 
Cut n #39; paste and colour codes My system configuration is as follows: Pentium IV - 1.60 GH, 128 MB RAM, Windows XP Pro OS, OXP. NAV2003 updated upto August 09, 2004.
Schumacher Wins Seventh F-1 Title After Second Place in Belgium Ferrari #39;s Michael Schumacher secured a record-extending seventh Formula One driving title by finishing second to McLaren #39;s Kimi Raikkonen at the Belgium Grand Prix.
Somalia inaugurates transitional gov #39;t Somalia inaugurated a transitional parliament Sunday, taking an important first step toward forming a new government for the devastated country even as rivalries continue 
United Parent Reports \$6M Profit in July United Airlines #39; parent company said in a bankruptcy-court filing Thursday that it eked out a \$6 million net profit last month during the middle of the busy summer travel season.
Turning the corner SASKEN Communications, which provides embedded software to the telecom industry, has seen its fortunes change for the better the last year.
Baldini Triumph in Marathon Marred by Intruder Italian Stefano Baldini won the Olympic men #39;s marathon Sunday after an intruder dashed on to the course late in the race and bundled the then leader Vanderlei de Lima into the crowd.
Car Bomb Kills 2 Americans in Kabul A powerful car bomb exploded at dusk Sunday outside the downtown office of an American security contracting firm and an adjacent building used to train Afghan police.
US, Afghan soldiers arrest 22 suspected Taliban Afghanistan KABUL, August 30 (Online): US and Afghan soldiers conducting a large sweep arrested 22 suspected Taliban after a firefight in a forbidding mountain region of Zabul province, Afghan and US military officials said .
Soaring traffic fines, insurance rates have more Canadians fighting tickets (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - FREDERICTON (CP) - When a 23-year-old university student from New Brunswick decided to go to court to fight a  #36;400 speeding ticket, she knew it was a long shot.
125,000 Without Power As Storm Slams S.C. MOUNT PLEASANT, S.C. - Tropical Storm Gaston sloshed ashore in South Carolina Sunday with near hurricane-force wind, spinning sheets of rain that flooded roads as the storm knocked out power to thousands of people...
Triumphant Olympics End With Pride, Relief ATHENS, Greece - Efharisto! A nervous world learned the Greek word for thank you and repeated it endlessly at an astonishingly successful Athens Olympics that quelled fears, surprised skeptics and greatly honored the birthplace of the games.    Efharisto, Athens, for architectural masterpieces of stadiums and arenas that showcased record performances...
Brazilian Attacked During Men #39;s Marathon ATHENS, Greece Aug. 29, 2004 - The defrocked Irish priest who bolted from the crowd and tackled the marathon leader about three miles from the finish Sunday has been arrested before for disrupting sporting events.
Olympics: Baldini wins Olympic men #39;s marathon marred by &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; ATHENS : Stefano Baldini of Italy won a dramatic men #39;s marathon at the Olympic Gamesafter long-time race leader Vanderlei de Lima of Brazil was attacked by a spectator in the latter stages of the race.
ATHENS OLYMPIC 2004 / El Guerrouj grabs 2nd gold, place in history &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Two days ago, before he would add another chapter to his legendary tale, Hicham El Guerrouj received a message from a friend in France.
ATHENS OLYMPICS 2004 / IOC boss Rogge hails  #39;awakening of Asia #39; IOC President Jacques Rogge hailed  quot;the awakening of Asia quot; at the Athens Olympics as the global event headed toward its finale.
China rears sporting head ATHENS: While India continued to wallow in the misery of a lone silver medal, it was euphoria for China as it celebrated its best performance at Olympics after sprinting home in Athens in the final few days of competition with an unexpected surge of gold 
Israeli FM cautions EU not to back new UN vote on barrier Foreign Minister Sylvan Shalom cautioned the European Union Sunday to not back any Palestinian moves to condemn Israel at the United Nations for its controversial West Bank separation barrier.
Frenchmen claim discovery of Great Pyramid burial chamber (AFP) AFP - Two French amateur archaelogists this week published a book in which they claim to have located the secret burial chamber of the Pyramid of Cheops near Cairo, the largest pyramid ever built.
B.C. halfway house seen as killer haven was pressured into closing, says source (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - VANCOUVER (CP) - Operators of the controversial Vernon, B.C. halfway house whose residents were linked to three killings were stampeded into closing it even though there's no evidence of negligence, The Canadian Press has learned.
Sportsview: USC Shows Its Flaws in Opener (AP) AP - The inexperienced receivers had a tough time getting open. The retooled offensive line had some trouble protecting the star quarterback. And the No. 1 team was trailing the 17 1/2-point underdog with 17 minutes left in the season opener. Southern California doesn't look unbeatable  #151; yet.
ConocoPhillips may buy up to 25 of Russia #39;s Lukoil US oil major ConocoPhillips is seeking to buy up to 25 percent in Russian oil giant Lukoil to add billions of barrels of reserves to its books, an industry source familiar with the matter said on Friday.
MIT Makes Yale Provost First Woman to Be Its Chief The Massachusetts Institute of Technology on Thursday named Susan Hockfield, provost of Yale University, as its 16th president. She succeeds Charles M. Vest, who 
Rogge calls Athens unforgettable, dream games #39; Four years ago, the IOC warned Athens was in danger of losing the Olympics because of severe delays. On Sunday night, the verdict was vastly different.
Monty gets the call The confidence Colin Montgomerie has displayed throughout the week in Munich proved to have been justified today when, as expected, he was named as one of Bernard Langer #39;s wild cards for the European Ryder Cup team.
Raikkonen wins Belgian Grand Prix; Schumacher second CBC SPORTS ONLINE - Michael Schumacher wasn #39;t in the winner #39;s circle at Sunday #39;s Belgian Grand Prix, but still managed to make some noise.
Deadly Blast Mars Chechen Voting GROZNY, Russia Aug. 29, 2004 - Chechens battered by five years of war, terrorism and misery voted Sunday for a president in an election that the Russian government portrayed as step toward stability, though 
Agnis suspect guidance tested Over a year after its induction in the Army, the Agni-II intermediate range missile was test-fired on Sunday to test its guidance system over a shorter range.
Royals Recall Gobble, Place Sullivan on DL (AP) AP - The Kansas City Royals recalled left-hander Jimmy Gobble Sunday from Triple-A Omaha on Sunday, and placed right-hander Scott Sullivan on the 15-day disabled list with a back strain.
Two Turkish Hostages Freed in Iraq -Agency (Reuters) Reuters - Two Turkish engineers abducted by\Iraqi militants were freed on Sunday after the companies they\work for said they would withdraw from Iraq to save their\lives, the state-run Anatolian news agency said.
FBI Probing Suspected Israeli Spy at Pentagon Reuters, CNN, CBS news, and the Washington Post are reporting that the FBI is investigating a possible Israeli spy in the Pentagon.  The suspected individual is described as a mid-level Pentagon analyst "specialized in Iranian affairs."  The analyst is suspected of passing classified documents to Israel via the American Israel Public Affairs Committee (AIPAC), a powerful pro-Israel lobby in Washington.   According to CBS news, the analyst had ties  #8220;to Rumsfeld's deputy Paul Wolfowitz and Defense Undersecretary Douglas Feith, both regarded as leading architects of the war on Iraq. #8221; However, another government official claims the suspect is "not in a level to influence policy."
Blast in Kabul Kills 7 at Compound of a U.S. Contractor At least two Americans died in a blast at the office of an American firm that provides security for President Hamid Karzai.
Update 3: US, Europe Meet on Airplane Subsidies US Trade Representative Robert Zoellick and his new European counterpart Peter Mandelson failed to make headway on a trans-Atlantic standoff over subsidies for Airbus and Boeing at a meeting Monday, saying the dispute remains headed for WTO arbitration.
Conoco Said in Talks for 25 of LUKoil US oil major ConocoPhillips is seeking to buy up to 25 percent in oil giant LUKoil to add billions of barrels of reserves to its books, an industry source familiar with the matter said Friday.
When Turnabout Is Not Fair Play In the spring of 1999, then-Prime Minister Yevgeny Primakov set off on an official visit to the United States. Over the mid-Atlantic, however, Primakov ordered his pilot to turn the plane around and return to Moscow.
US, Russia, China at the Top of the Table ATHENS -- After 16 days of competition and 301 events, the United States finished atop the medal charts for the third straight Summer Olympics, with Russia the overall runner-up and China second in gold medals -- its best showing ever and the leading edge 
Athens Games a Watershed in War Against Cheats It started with a missed drugs test and ended with a stripped gold medal. In between it was dominated by steroids, stimulants and diuretics.
Russo on Football: No. 1 USC shows its flaws The inexperienced receivers had a tough time getting open. The retooled offensive line had some trouble protecting the star quarterback.
Afghanistan Explosions Kill at Least 17 People, AFP Reports Two explosions, one at a religious school Saturday night and another in the Afghan capital Kabul Sunday, killed at least 17 people, including five children, and the Taliban militia has 
Latham condemns PM #39;s rates  #39;scare campaign #39; Opposition Leader Mark Latham has accused Prime Minister John Howard of running a scare campaign after Mr Howard warned interest rates would rise under Labor.
Heskey left out of England squad, Cole back in England coach Sven-Goran Eriksson has left Emile Heskey out of his 23-man squad for the World Cup Group Six qualifiers away to Austria in Vienna next Saturday and Poland in Chorzow four days later.
Startup Launching Web-To-TV Video Service (AP) AP - The promise of Internet-based video has long been hamstrung by copyright and piracy worries, slow dial-up connections, technical challenges and consumer disdain for watching blotchy videos on their home computers. But a Silicon Valley startup is tackling those obstacles, hoping to become the first major provider of cinema straight from the Internet to the living room boob tube.
Dunn Hits 39th HR As Reds Beat D-Backs (AP) AP - Edgar Gonzalez held Cincinnati hitless through six innings, but Adam Dunn's 39th homer helped the Reds rally for a 6-2 victory over the Arizona Diamondbacks on Sunday. Ryan Freel drove in the go-ahead run with an eighth-inning single and the Reds avoided a three-game sweep.
Digital Gear: Entertaining Gadgets Slick CDs and portable DVD support, plus digicam choices and new security options.
Afghan Blasts Kill at Least 17, Taliban Hits Kabul  KABUL (Reuters) - At least 17 people including children  were killed in a bomb attack in Kabul on Sunday and another  blast overnight at a religious school in the southeast.
Thousands Rally for Mexico Presidential Favorite  MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - Some 160,000 Mexicans marched on  Sunday to support the presidential hopes of the capital's  leftist mayor who faces government-backed legal challenges that  could knock him out of the 2006 race.
Poll Shows Chechen Police Official in Lead GROZNY, Russia - The Russian government's choice for president of war-ravaged Chechnya appeared to be the victor Sunday in an election tainted by charges of fraud and shadowed by last week's terrorist destruction of two airliners.    Little more than two hours after polls closed, acting Chechen president Sergei Abramov said preliminary results showed Maj...
Marathoner Slips to Third After Attack ATHENS, Greece - A defrocked Irish priest bolted from the crowd and grabbed the marathon leader about three miles from the finish Sunday. The Brazilian runner wound up with the bronze - and a special award for sportsmanship - and the former priest was arrested...
Equatorial Guinea Wants to Quiz Thatcher in S. Africa (Update1) Equatorial Guinea prosecutors have asked South Africa for permission to question Mark Thatcher, who was arrested in Cape Town last week on suspicion of bankrolling a failed plan to overthrow 
China Bans Nike Ad Chinese authorities have banned a Nike television commercial that features LeBron James battling cartoon martial arts masters.
Rhode Island Man Barred From Sending Junk Text Messages A federal judge in New Jersey granted the injuction to Verizon Wireless, though the carrier did not get the \$150,000 in damages it was seeking.
Brazil Protests to CAS Over De Lima Assault Brazil #39;s Olympic Committee will protest to the Court of Arbitration for Sport (CAS) over the assault on Vanderlei de Lima who was pushed off the road when he was leading the Olympic marathon on Sunday.
John Howard 1st Iraq Invader to Face Vote Prime Minister John Howard will become the first of three allied leaders who launched the US-led invasion of Iraq to face voters, having announced Sunday that Australians will go to the polls on Oct. 9. The 
Powerful typhoon Chaba set to hit southern Japan TOKYO: A powerful typhoon was poised to strike the southwestern Japanese island of Kyushu today, threatening large areas of the country with strong winds and heavy rain.
U.S. Wins Medals Race, Finishing With 103 (AP) AP - The United States finished atop the medal charts for the third straight Summer Olympics, with Russia the overall runner-up and China second in gold medals  #151; its best showing ever and the leading edge of a surge by Asian teams. The American team amassed 103 total medals, topping its target of 100, and won 35 golds to 32 for China and 27 for Russia.
Clement Leaves Game With Neck Strain (AP) AP - Cubs starter Matt Clement left Sunday's game against the Houston Astros with an upper back and neck strain.
Separate Blasts in Turkey Wound 11 People (Reuters) Reuters - A train in southeastern\Turkey derailed on Sunday after hitting a land mine placed by\suspected Kurdish separatists, while a separate mine blast\wounded 10 soldiers, security officials said.
GOP Convention May Briefly Lift Stocks  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Fasten your seatbelts. The Republicans  are in town. If things go smoothly at the Republican National  Convention, the stock market could get a brief boost this week,  experts say.
Bush Ties Attack in Saudi Arabia to Iraqi Elections President Bush tied Monday's deadly assault on a U.S. consulate in Saudi Arabia to the upcoming elections in neighboring Iraq, depicting it as part of a broader campaign by Islamic extremists to drive Americans out of the Middle East.
Programs: For Stealth Lovers, 'Thief' Is a Steal  (Gene Emery is a columnist who covers science and  technology. His Internet address is GEmery(at)Cox.net. Any  opinions in the column are his alone.)
California cities and counties sue Microsoft for antitrust SAN FRANCISCO Several California cities and counties, including Los Angeles and San Francisco, are suing Microsoft for what could amount to billions of dollars.
Triumphant Olympics end with pride and relief A nervous world learned the Greek word for thank you and repeated it endlessly at an astonishingly successful Athens Olympics that quelled fears, surprised skeptics and greatly honored the birthplace of the games.
Song, spectacle bring 2004 Olympics to a close With an outpouring of joy, pride and some relief, Athens marked the completion of the 2004 Summer Olympic Games with a closing ceremony full of spectacle, fireworks and music.
Hewitt wins Waterhouse Cup Australian Lleyton Hewitt posted a straight-set win over Peruvian Luis Horna on Sunday to capture the title at the TD Waterhouse Cup.
Chirac Sends FM to Mideast to Win Iraq Hostage Release French President Jacques Chirac sent his foreign minister to the Middle East on Sunday to try to win freedom for two journalists held in Iraq by militants demanding France end its ban on Muslim headscarves in schools.
Allawi Holds Meetings With Insurgents Iraq #39;s interim prime minister, Ayad Allawi, said Sunday he has held private meetings with representatives of insurgent groups from the restive cities of Fallujah 
John Howard 1st Iraq Invader to Face Vote CANBERRA, Australia Aug. 29, 2004 - Prime Minister John Howard will become the first of three allied leaders who launched the US-led invasion of Iraq to face voters, having announced Sunday that Australians will go to the polls on Oct. 9.
Israeli reservists deal with double lives of being civilians and &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; At home, Eran Kurtzer is a suburbanite with a wife, baby daughter and small insurance agency. But for six weeks a year, 33-year-old Kurtzer is an army major leading a company of paratroopers on patrols through olive groves on the hills of the West Bank.
Programs: For Stealth Lovers, 'Thief' Is a Steal (Reuters) Reuters - (Gene Emery is a columnist who covers science and\technology. His Internet address is GEmery(at)Cox.net. Any\opinions in the column are his alone.)
California Cities And Counties Sue Microsoft For Antitrust The suit, whose plaintiffs include San Franciisco and Los Angeles, is the latest in a string of similar actions brought against Microsoft across the country.
Ochoa wins LPGA Wachovia Classic Lorena Ochoa birdied three of the last four holes Sunday to overcome a five-stroke deficit and win the Wachovia LPGA Classic. Ochoa finished with a 65 to score a 19-under 269 for her second career win.
Arafat appeals to kidnappers PALESTINIAN leader Yasser Arafat today issued an urgent call for the immediate release of two French journalists taken hostage in Iraq.
Both Candidates Use McCain in Campaign Ads (AP) AP - Republican maverick John McCain campaigns with President Bush. He's good friends with Democrat John Kerry. And, in an unusual twist, he's shown up in campaign advertisements for both.
Hewitt Wins Long Island, Sends U.S. Open Warning  COMMACK, New York (Reuters) - Former world number one  Lleyton Hewitt hammered out a warning to his rivals for next  week's U.S. Open as he demolished Peru's Luis Horna 6-3, 6-1,  to win the Long Island Cup on Sunday.
Triumphant Olympics End With Pride, Relief ATHENS, Greece - Efharisto! A nervous world learned the Greek word for thank you and repeated it endlessly at an astonishingly successful Athens Olympics that quelled fears, surprised skeptics and greatly honored the birthplace of the games.    Fireworks and spectacular lighting kicked off the closing ceremony Sunday night, a two-hour extravaganza of folk dancing and music in the Olympic tradition that summed up the glee and relief the games brought to Greece...
Marathoner Finishes Third After Attack ATHENS, Greece - A defrocked Irish priest bolted from the crowd and grabbed the marathon leader about three miles from the finish Sunday. The Brazilian runner wound up with the bronze - and a special award for sportsmanship - and the former priest was arrested...
Chirac Presses for Release of Two in Iraq PARIS - President Jacques Chirac dispatched his foreign minister to the Middle East on Sunday to work for the release of two French reporters abducted in Iraq, vowing to spare no effort to free them from kidnappers demanding the France scrap its ban on Islamic head scarves in state schools.    Chirac appealed to the kidnappers with an implicit reminder that France opposed the U.S.-led invasion of Iraq...
Iraqis, U.S. Officials Meet in Peace Bid BAGHDAD, Iraq - U.S. military officials and representatives of rebel Shiite cleric Muqtada al-Sadr held talks Sunday aimed at reducing violence in the restive Baghdad slum of Sadr City, a day after clashes there killed 10 people, officials said...
Ranks of uninsured grow to highest since  #39;98 A stagnant economy and rising health care costs helped push the percentage of people in the USA without health insurance last year to 15.
Khan secures boxing silver Cuban master Mario Kindelan has met the future of boxing and has survived the experience after he outpointed British teenager Amir Khan in the highlight of final action at the Olympic tournament.
UDPATE 1-Hewitt wins Long Island, sends US Open warning Former world number one Lleyton Hewitt hammered out a warning to his rivals for next week #39;s US Open as he demolished Peru #39;s Luis Horna 6-3 6-1 to win the Long Island Cup on Sunday.
Angels activated Glaus from DL Anaheim Angels: Troy Glaus was activated from the 60-day disabled list following a five-game rehab assignment in the minors and was back in the lineup for Sunday #39;s game against the Twins.
Notes: Pudge out of lineup again Ivan Rodriguez isn #39;t just day to day with his illness. He #39;s becoming hour to hour. Tigers manager Alan Trammell initially had Pudge in Sunday #39;s starting lineup after two days off.
Peace talks amid fresh violence BAGHDAD, Aug. 29. - Iraqi tribal leaders, Shiite politicians, government officials and US military officers met today for talks aimed at reducing tensions in Sadr City, a day after clashes there killed 10 people.
Sudan Talks End in Deadlock on Humanitarian Issues Darfur rebels and the Sudanese government ended peace talks on Sunday in Nigeria in a deadlock on how to address what the United Nations has called the world #39;s worst humanitarian crisis.
Equatorial Guinea president says thwarted  quot;massacre quot; Equatorial Guinea President Teodoro Obiang Nguema Mbasogo said an international plot to overthrow him would have resulted in a massacre and those responsible deserve death by firing squad.
No let-up in violence DHAKA, Aug. 29. - Crude bombs were set off and buses torched here today ahead of the Opposition-called general strike even as the government announced a 10-million-taka reward for specific information 
Agni-II missile test-fired India today successfully test-fired its longer-range missile Agni-II from the Integrated Test Range on the Wheelers Island in the Bay of Bengal off the Orissa coast, defence sources said.
More than just tennis The atmosphere suits certain players. While others have to learn to deal with the unique situations that a New York crowd promote.
Liverpool lose out to Bolton 1-0 Kevin Davies scored a first-half winner against Liverpool to push Bolton up into third place in the Premiership. Davies was Bolton #39;s hero when he coolly gathered and powered in a shot into the goal in the 
SI.com FLUSHING, New York (Ticker) -- Robin Ventura  #39;s career will be remembered in large part for grand slams, whether they counted or not.
Fast Track America Shawn Crawford is weird. Two years ago, the US Olympic sprinter wore a Phantom of the Opera mask during a race in Italy; Crawford was disqualified after the disguise blocked his sight, causing him to stray from his lane.
Hostage Takers Widen Demands Beyond Iraqi Affairs BAGHDAD, Aug 29 (AFP) - For the first time since the kidnappings of foreigners started in Iraq in April, hostage takers have set conditions external to the country by demanding that France lift a ban on Islamic headscarves in state schools.
Karzai Sworn in as First Democratically Elected Afghan President 150 foreign guests attending Tuesday's inauguration included U.S. Vice President Dick Cheney, the highest-ranking American official to visit Afghanistan since the fall of the Taliban in 2001.
Confident Hewitt Eyes Second U.S. Grand Slam Title  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The secret is out. Lleyton Hewitt is  back in form and hungry for another grand slam title.
Java, Open Source, Regex, and Conformance \\The other day Tim Bray wrote up an interesting piece on java.util.regex.\\I sent him off a quick email detailing my past experiences  and he just\blogged his feedback .\\"Well... yeah, but here's a story. I was kind of surprised at the results on my\OS X box, so I took the code and data over to a nearby Windows XP box and got\similar results, so I took 'em to a Debian-stable box I had handy and once\again, about the same story. "\\"Only, not quite the same. Because it was Perl 5.8.1 on one box and 5.8.3 on\another and 5.6.1 on the third, and the i18n/regex code was slightly different\in each version, and no two of them gave quite the same results. "\\"Now, I'll grant that Unicode/i18n is one ...\\
Acid oceans spell doom for coral The increasing acidity of the world's oceans could banish all coral by 2065, a Danish marine expert warns.
Donald delight at call up Luke Donald has expressed his delight at being named as one of captain Bernhard Langer #39;s wildcards for the European Ryder Cup team.
Benitez: Reds need time to gel Liverpool manager Rafael Benitez has conceded that his side could take a few months to kick into gear following Sunday #39;s 1-0 defeat at Bolton.
Democrats in N.Y. Showcase Swing Voters (AP) AP - Delores Ramirez was a supporter of President Bush in 2000, but on this muggy Sunday afternoon the retired Virginia businesswoman was standing on the steps of New York's City Hall with dozens of supporters of Democrat John Kerry who just finished a weeklong tour of five states.
How tragic fuse was lit in Darfur The UN determines this week whether Sudan's leaders have met Monday's deadline.
Standoff bolstered Sadr's support Interviews with Iraqi Shiite clerics reveal that moderates are increasingly supporting Sadr's anti-US campaign.
At these Games, the big sports powers see less gold Gold medals at these Olympics will be more evenly distributed than at any since 1952.
Sadly Fulfilling Marine's Dream  Binh N. Le had not been back to the land of his birth since he came to the United States with an aunt and uncle at age 4, leaving his parents behind.
Longhorn on hold until 2006 MICROSOFT will not broadly release its long-awaited update to the flagship Windows operating system, dubbed  quot;Longhorn, quot; until 2006.
Big Fat celebration to close Games For the last two weeks, the world #39;s focus was on Athens and sport and everyone was invited to a Big Fat Greek Closing Ceremony.
Warner named Giants #39; starter New York Giants Coach Tom Coughlin Sunday named Kurt Warner the team #39;s starting quarterback for the season opener at Philadelphia Sept.
French minister attempts to secure release of journalists French President Jacques Chirac has sent his Foreign Minister to the Middle East to try to secure the release of two journalists who are being held hostage in Iraq.
Najaf: A Victory for Politics Friday #39;s defusing of the three-week military standoff in Najaf has the disappointing result that Shiite cleric Moqtada al-Sadr and his militia survive to fight another battle, threatening US military forces and the fledgling Iraqi government.
Agni II missile test-fired again Indias indigenously built Agni II missile was successfully test-fired again from the Defence Research and Development Organisation (DRDO)s missile testing range at the Wheelers Island in the Bay of Bengal off the Orissa coast on Sunday afternoon.
Venezuela's Chavez Vows Tougher Land Reform (Reuters) Reuters - Venezuela's President Hugo\Chavez, emboldened by a recent referendum victory, on Sunday\promised tougher land redistribution as he pressed ahead with\the "revolutionary" reforms at the heart of the nation's\political conflict.
Michael Owen Stars in Real Madrid Debut (AP) AP - Michael Owen made his debut for Real Madrid on Sunday, setting up a second-half goal by Ronaldo in a 1-0 victory at Mallorca in a Spanish league opener.
Some GOP Gay Rights Backers Torn Over Bush (AP) AP - On the eve of the Republican convention, some GOP gay rights supporters frustrated by their party platform's hardline stance against same-sex unions say they are torn over whether to back President Bush in this fall's election.
Venezuela's Chavez Vows Tougher Land Reform  CARACAS, Venezuela (Reuters) - Venezuela's President Hugo  Chavez, emboldened by a recent referendum victory, on Sunday  promised tougher land redistribution as he pressed ahead with  the "revolutionary" reforms at the heart of the nation's  political conflict.
Palestinians Mourn Hero's Defeat in Arab Pop Contest  SALFIT, West Bank (Reuters) - Thousands of Palestinians  gathered at a West Bank park on Sunday, defying Islamic  militant disapproval, in the hope their pop idol would become  the first Palestinian to win an Arab song contest.
GB beat Sydney medal haul Britain's golden night on the track help the nation's Olympians surpass their success in Sydney four years ago.
US counties sue Microsoft SEVERAL everal California cities and counties have sued Microsoft, accusing the company of illegally charging inflated prices for its products because of monopoly control of the PC operating system market.
Silicon to help explain origins of the universe ST. PETERS, Mo. - The origins of the universe could soon be uncovered with the help of silicon and other materials. In 2001, NASA launched a robotic spacecraft from Cape Canaveral, Fla.
Patchwork of FTAs won #39;t do - Doha Round crucial WORLD Trade Organisation (WTO) members have finally established a framework for negotiations to conclude the Doha Round. This is good news.
Baton passed to Beijing as curtain comes down on Athens ATHENS - The curtains came down on the Athens Olympics under a full moon Sunday after the sports extravaganza returned to the country of its birth and revival as the biggest in history.
Spectator assaults marathon leader Italian Stefano Baldini won the Olympic men #39;s marathon overnight after a spectator dashed on to the course late in the race and bundled the then leader Vanderlei de Lima into the crowd.
Old is gold - and twice as good IT IS impossible to achieve greatness in sport without being measured against history. On Saturday, the last night of athletics in the 2004 Olympics, a man and a woman, a king and a queen of the track, ran into history.
Britannia rules as baton again lets US down SINCE the United States started taking part in the Olympic Games 4x100m relay in 1920, they have been disqualified three times and lost only once - to Canada in 1996.
Ochoa comes from behind to win Wachovia LPGA Classic Kutztown, PA (Sports Network) - Lorena Ochoa fired a seven-under 65 on Sunday to come from behind and win the Wachovia LPGA Classic.
Schumi seals seventh title SPA-FRANCORCHAMPS, AUGUST 29: Michael Schumacher claimed a seventh world championship despite only finishing second behind Kimi Raikkonen at an incident-filled Belgian Grand Prix on Sunday.
Bolton hands Liverpool first EPL loss Liverpool slumped to its first league defeat of the season on Sunday, surrending a first-half goal to 1-0 at Bolton. Kevin Davies scored in the 38th minute on a Henrik Pedersen cross, lifting 
Al Qaeda behind Kabul bombing A statement purported to be from al-Qaeda claimed responsibility today for a truck bomb which killed seven people, including two US citizens, in Kabul, and which was earlier claimed by the Taliban militia.
MI encouraged us to torture, says US soldier BERLIN, AUGUST 29: A US soldier expected to plead guilty to charges of abusing Iraqi prisoners told a German magazine he deeply regretted his actions but said the abuses were encouraged by Military Intelligence.
Here Comes the Sun America #39;s space program owes an unexpected debt to Batman - as well as to Seabiscuit, the Hulk and dozens of other movie projects.
Palestinians Bemoan 'Superstar' Loss (AP) AP - Palestinians hoping for a morale boost after four years of bloody conflict with Israel were disappointed Sunday, when their contestant in a much-watched contest for the Arab world's best singer lost to a Libyan.
Bolton Sends Liverpool to First Loss, 1-0 (AP) AP - Liverpool lost for the first time in the Premier League this season, beaten 1-0 at Bolton on Sunday on a 38th-minute goal by Kevin Davies.
Austin Wins Buick Championship in Sudden Death  CROMWELL, Connecticut (Reuters) - Woody Austin birdied the  first hole of a sudden-death playoff against Tim Herron to win  the Buick Championship on Sunday.
Microsoft melds music to its Media When Microsoft opens its online music store on Thursday, the first song offered should be Dave Brubeck #39;s  quot;It #39;s Dj Vu All Over Again.
California Cities Sue Microsoft The California local governments are asking a judge to make the case a class action on behalf of all the state #39;s cities and counties.
Greece proved to be ideal host ATHENS - No question where to watch the sun set on these Olympics. It was here, on the white marble slab benches of Panathinaiko Stadium, just as the bobbing gaggle of rail-thin runners made their way from Marathon.
Basketball: Full of joy, US women win 3rd straight gold ATHENS They bounded onto the court with the joy of kindergartners, skipping to the beat of the sound system, turning a simple layup drill into a recess game.
THE OLYMPICS 2004: BOXING: I KHAN GO FOR GOLD NEXT TIME TEENAGE boxing sensation Amir Khan kissed his Olympic silver medal - and vowed to grab a gold in four years. The 17-year-old lightweight star said he would resist the big-money offers and stay amateur.
Mexican birdies way to title MEXICO #39;s Lorena Ochoa birdied three of the last four holes to overcome a five-stroke deficit and win the Wachovia LPGA Classic today.
Roddick vs. Federer could cap Slam season Andy Roddick, at heart, is an entertainer. So he loves the US Open and its Big Apple buzz, the fans who offer players high-fives, just the general state of hyperactivity.
Real Madrid wins its first match 1-0 in Mallorca in the Spanish &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Ronaldo got Real Madrid off to a winning start Sunday thanks to an accurate assist from new signing Michael Owen securing a 1-0 win over Mallorca in the Spanish league.
Everton  #39;considering #39; increased Rooney bid Wayne Rooney will not be in the stands at Old Trafford when Everton meet Manchester United tomorrow - the day before the transfer window closes.
Thompson #39;s perfect delivery extends Celtic #39;s domination Celtic yesterday fixed the seventh seal on their domination of Rangers when a volcanic strike by Alan Thompson produced the only goal of the first Old Firm derby of the season at Celtic Park.
College Football: Tailback U takes on new meaning at Southern Cal &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; LANDOVER, Maryland It was a test of character not many people expected top-ranked Southern California would face so early in the season.
PM presses interest rate warning NOW was the worst possible time to elect a Labor government given world economic conditions, Prime Minister John Howard said today.
Bangladesh Opposition calls new strike Dhaka, Aug 29: Bangladeshs main Opposition party has called for a new general strike tomorrow, to protest last weeks grenade attack on its leader, Ms Sheikh Hasina Wajed, coinciding with a ruling party demonstration which was earlier put back by two 
Economists Back Fed View on Soft Patch (Reuters) Reuters - Lofty oil prices may make\the road ahead a little steeper, but the economy is on track to\emerge from a recent soft patch intact, private-sector\economists at a weekend retreat agreed.
Gas Price Up Near  #36;1.88 a Gallon -Survey (Reuters) Reuters - The average U.S. retail price of\gasoline rose slightly over the last two weeks to almost  #36;1.88\a gallon -- the first increase reported since late May,\according to the nationwide Lundberg survey of about 8,000 gas\stations.
Expect a real US NBA Dream Team in Beijing (AFP) AFP - Perhaps if National Basketball Association players ask nicely, the guys from Argentina wearing gold medals will come to the United States and give them a few pointers on how to play the game.
Gas Price Up Near \$1.88 a Gallon -Survey  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The average U.S. retail price of  gasoline rose slightly over the last two weeks to almost \$1.88  a gallon -- the first increase reported since late May,  according to the nationwide Lundberg survey of about 8,000 gas  stations.
Still No Fix for U.S. Space Shuttle (Reuters) Reuters - One year after a highly\critical report urged NASA to develop the means to fix a broken\space shuttle in orbit, the U.S. space agency still could not\repair a hole the size of the one that doomed the seven\Columbia astronauts, NASA said on Thursday.
Britons attack US cloning ban bid Britain's Royal Society is backing a campaign to stop the US securing a world ban on all forms of human cloning.
Olympics finish on high note ATHENS - The Olympic oracles had long prophesized doom for the Summer Games #39; Greek homecoming. Unfinished venues. Lax security.
China supreme heading for Beijing ATHENS: China, the dominant force in world diving for the best part of 20 years, won six out of eight Olympic titles in Athens and prompted speculation about a clean sweep when they stage the Games in Beijing in 2008.
Chechnya election has few voters GROZNY, Russia Under heavy security and with few voters visible in this hushed and abandoned capital, the republic of Chechnya on Sunday held a special presidential election, a step toward replacing a predecessor who was killed by a bomb.
Gas Price Up Near \$1.88 a Gallon -Survey The average US retail price of gasoline rose slightly over the last two weeks to almost \$1.88 a gallon -- the first increase reported since late May, according to the nationwide Lundberg survey of about 8,000 gas stations.
Indonesia needs to formulate country policy for WTO: Khor The World Trade Organization (WTO) general council agreed, early this month in Geneva, on the  quot;July Package quot; that set a framework for the Doha Round, which had been in trouble since the collapse of the ministerial meeting in Cancun, Mexico about a year ago 
Montgomerie and Donald selected for Ryder Cup Faced with as difficult a set of decisions as any European captain has had to deal with, Bernhard Langer added Colin Montgomerie and Luke Donald as wild-card selections for the team 
DIVING - Helm backs himself to take a dive for last-second &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Mathew Helm has practised the dive that won him silver at the Athens Olympics thousands of times. He finished Australia #39;s greatest Olympics in diving in almost the best possible way - with four perfect 10s and a spot on the medal podium.
UPDATE 1-Austin wins Buick Championship in sudden death Woody Austin birdied the first hole of a sudden-death playoff against Tim Herron to win the Buick Championship on Sunday. Both Austin and Herron completed 72 holes 
Muslims Appeal to Iraqi Captors BAGHDAD, 30 August 2004 - Muslim leaders in Iraq and France yesterday appealed for the release of two kidnapped French journalists facing death.
Terrorists blamed for Russian plane crashes Evidence of the explosive hexogen was found on a Tu-134 jetliner that crashed in the Tula region south of Moscow, said Sergei Ignatchenko, spokesman for the Federal Security Service.
Olympics: Games Close with Drama Down to Last Medal  ATHENS (Reuters) - Greece staged an exuberant closing  ceremony on Sunday to bring the curtain down on the Athens  Games, which took the Olympics back to their roots and provided  drama right down to the last gold medal.
NL Wrap: Pujols Hits 40th Homer, Reaches 100 RBI for Cards  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Albert Pujols cracked his 40th home  run of the season and reached 100 RBI for the fourth straight  year to help the St Louis Cardinals blank the host Pittsburgh  Pirates 4-0 in the National League Sunday.
Kremlin Choice Seen Leading Chechnya Vote GROZNY, Russia - The Russian government's choice for president of war-ravaged Chechnya appeared to be the victor Sunday in an election tainted by charges of fraud and shadowed by last week's terrorist destruction of two airliners.    Little more than two hours after polls closed, acting Chechen president Sergei Abramov said preliminary results showed Maj...
Gas Price Drop Ends; No Spike Expected LOS ANGELES - Gas prices nudged upward about half a penny in the last two weeks after dropping more than 20 cents since May 21, but another price spike is not expected due to a decline in crude oil prices, an industry analyst said Sunday.    The combined national average for all grades of gasoline was \$1.91, said Trilby Lundberg, who publishes the semimonthly Lundberg Survey...
McCain, Giuliani to Hail Bush on Security NEW YORK - Sen. John McCain and former New York Mayor Rudy Giuliani, two of the Republican Party's most popular politicians, open President Bush's nominating convention by calling him a leader unafraid of making unpopular choices to protect a nation scarred by the Sept...
US anglers big impact on fish stocks Recreational anglers may be responsible for landing nearly 25 percent of over-fished salt water species caught off US coasts, a study released Thursday suggests.
Sunday #39;s Golf Capsules Woody Austin made a 6-foot birdie putt on the first playoff hole to beat Tim Herron and win the inaugural Buick Championship on Sunday.
Polish Holocaust Victims Remembered (AP) AP - Holocaust survivors and their families gathered at one of Europe's largest Jewish cemeteries Sunday to remember more than 200,000 Jews from this city killed by the Nazis, a ceremony marking the 60th anniversary of the last transports from the Lodz ghetto to Hitler's death camps.
Chiefs' Boerigter May Be Gone for Year (AP) AP - Marc Boerigter will undergo knee surgery on Monday and might be lost for the year, throwing Kansas City's tattered wide receiver corps into even greater disarray.
Peoria nurse coordinator gets honor Cindy Staggs, the Peoria Unified School District #39;s nurse coordinator and a nurse at Raymond S. Kellis High School, has been named School Nurse Administrator of the Year by the School Nurse Organization of Arizona.
European Ryder Cup team finalized Colin Montgomerie and Luke Donald Sunday were named to the European Ryder Cup team by captain Bernhard Langer. That completes the team that will face the United States at 
Federer seeks third crown Top seed Roger Federer will have to break new ground if he wants to claim a third Grand Slam title at the US Open in Flushing Meadow this week.
Soccer: Ronaldo poaches the points as Owen tastes first Real &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; MADRID: Michael Owen made a telling contribution as he came off the bench on Sunday for his first taste of life in the Spanish league to provide the spadework for a Ronaldo finish as Real Madrid opened their season by poaching a 1-0 win at Mallorca.
Lawyers spent weekend scouring questionnaires EAGLE, Colo. -- Jury selection in the Kobe Bryant sexual assault case begins in earnest Monday, with attorneys and the judge questioning potential jurors individually behind closed doors.
Austin Wins Buick Championship in Playoff (AP) AP - Woody Austin made a 6-foot birdie putt on the first playoff hole to beat Tim Herron and win the Buick Championship on Sunday.
NHS GPs 'to offer online booking' Many NHS patients could soon be able to make an appointment to see their GP over the internet.
YUKOS seen getting respite despite tax deadline MOSCOW: Russian oil major YUKOS is poised to lose its core Siberian units, but the state will postpone its final move to dismantle the giant firm beyond next weeks tax deadline, analysts predicted on Friday.
Australia #39;s Challenger Reports Loss Of A\$235.4M -2- SYDNEY (Dow Jones)--Challenger Financial Services Group Ltd. (CGF.AU) on Monday reported a net loss of A\$235.4 million for the period Nov. 6 to June 30.
Australia #39;s Alinta: ACCC Won #39;t Oppose Dampier Pipe Bid-2- SYDNEY (Dow Jones)--Australian energy company Alinta Ltd. (ALN.AU) said Monday that Australia #39;s competition regulator won #39;t oppose its joint bid for the Dampier to Bunbury gas pipeline in Western Australia state.
China Southern Airlines joins SkyTeam China Southern Airlines has signed a memorandum of understanding to become the first Chinese mainland #39;s air company to join a global airline alliance, according to Saturday #39;s China Radio International.
Feds search for 127 firearms missing from Millbrae locker MILLBRAE, Calif. Federal authorities are investigating one of the region #39;s largest gun heists in years after a gun dealer reported dozens of firearms missing from a Millbrae storage locker.
Australian Prime Minister Admits Funding Pre-Election  #39;Spam #39; &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Prime Minister John Howard came under fire Friday for bankrolling a pre-election e-mail campaign carried out by a company run by his son.
Baldini triumph eclipsed by De Lima attack Britain #39;s Jon Brown nearly found himself benefiting from the attack on Brazil #39;s Vanderlei de Lima but had to instead settle for finishing fourth for the second consecutive Olympic games last night.
Khan meets his master in bold finale In the end the old man simply knew too much for the boy, which was hardly a surprise. Amir Khan, a 17-year-old student of sports development and fitness, sat an examination in the sweet science yesterday and 
Athens Asides HAMMER champion Adrian Annus of Hungary will be stripped of his gold after refusing to go for an out-of-competition doping test. The International Olympic Council wanted a further test after it believed he 
Sprinters turn base metal into pure gold Gold medals are rare enough commodities but they become even more precious when won as unexpectedly as those by Britain #39;s 4x100 metres relay team on Saturday.
Winless PSG draws Saint-Etienne 2-2 Paris Saint-Germain, still without a league victory this season, managed just a 2-2 draw Sunday with lowly Saint-Etienne in the French First Division.
Sudanese govt must approve additional AU force in Darfur: al &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; ABUJA, Aug 29 (AFP) -- The Sudanese government said here Sunday that it must approve any increase in the number of African Union troops to crisis-ridden Darfur above the 300 soldiers agreed last month with the AU.
China sees better ties with Aziz BEIJING: China hopes that its decades old partnership with Pakistan will grow, particularly in the economic field, now that Shaukat Aziz is Prime Minister, said a Chinese Foreign Office spokesman.
Allawi Talks to Iraqi Insurgents on Amnesty -Report (Reuters) Reuters - Iraq's interim prime minister Iyad\Allawi has held private meetings with Iraqi insurgents in an\effort to persuade them to accept a government amnesty offer,\The Washington Post reported on Sunday.
AP: Ex-Guatemala Leader Living in Mexico (AP) AP - Former Guatemalan President Alfonso Portillo  #151; suspected of corruption at home  #151; is living and working part-time in the same Mexican city he fled two decades ago to avoid arrest on murder charges, his close associates told The Associated Press on Sunday.
Austin Wins Buick Championship in Sudden Death  CROMWELL, Connecticut (Reuters) - Woody Austin birdied the  first hole of a sudden-death playoff against fellow American  Tim Herron to win the \$4.2 million Buick Championship on  Sunday.
Libyan takes Mid-East pop crown Libyan singer Ayman al-Aathar wins the Middle East's pop contest, beating Palestinian Ammar Hassan.
Microsoft plays down SP2 security glitches Glitches between Windows XP Service Pack 2 (SP2) and critical applications continue to emerge, with McAfee admitting its flagship VirusScan product prior to version 7.1 requires a customised patch to be operational with Windows Security Center, part of SP2 
Mars Odyssey Begins Overtime After Successful Mission Image: This map shows the estimated lower limit of the water content of the upper meter of Martian soil.  quot;Odyssey has accomplished all of its mission-success criteria, quot; said Dr.
BA chief to probe delays British Airways Plc Chief Executive Rod Eddington has launched an investigation into last week #39;s flight delays and cancellations that stranded thousands of passengers, the Observer 
Mexico #39;s Lorena Ochoa wins LPGA Wachovia Classic with sparkling 65 The problem was, the tournament was being shown on tape delay in Guadalajara, Mexico, and her mother couldn #39;t understand why she was so giddy.
Putin ally  #39;is winner #39; of Chechen election A pro-Kremlin former policeman has become president of Chechnya, according to partial results last night of an election held after a week of rebel attacks made a mockery of Moscow #39;s claim to have pacified the republic.
Date set for Australian election Australia will hold a general election on Oct 9 with John Howard, the prime minister, seeking an unprecedented fourth term in office.
Typhoon set to hit southern Japan A powerful typhoon was poised to strike the southwestern Japanese island of Kyushu on Monday, threatening large areas of the country with strong winds and heavy rain.
U.S., Shiites Meet After Deadly Clashes (AP) AP - U.S. military officials and representatives of rebel Shiite cleric Muqtada al-Sadr held talks Sunday aimed at reducing violence in the restive Baghdad slum of Sadr City, a day after clashes there killed 10 people, officials said. British forces in the southern city of Basra, also the site of recent fighting, held similar talks with al-Sadr officials there.
AL Wrap: Wakefield Three-Hitter Helps Red Sox Tame Tigers  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Tim Wakefield tossed a three-hitter  over eight innings to inspire the Boston Red Sox to their sixth  straight victory, a 6-1 defeat of the Detroit Tigers in the  American League Sunday.
Powerful Typhoon Chaba Hits Southern Japan  TOKYO (Reuters) - High winds and torrential rain battered  the southwestern Japanese island of Kyushu on Monday as  powerful typhoon Chaba hit the coast on its way north.
Olympics: Gold Medal for Athens' Security-With-A-Smile  ATHENS (Reuters) - They worried about security for seven  years and it turned out to be the least of their problems.
China Sinopec 1H Net Rises 51 To CNY16.15 Billion HONG KONG (Dow Jones)--China Petroleum  amp; Chemical Corp. (SNP), China #39;s second-largest oil producer, said its first-half net profit rose 51, on increased domestic demand and higher oil prices.
Eddington to open inquest into BA debacle Rod Eddington, the chief executive of British Airways, will tomorrow begin a review of last week #39;s staff shortages at the national flag carrier that left thousands stranded and more than 100 flights cancelled.
The Party Of Blind Hatred, Hypocrisy And Hysteria A generation ago or more, the Democratic Party was considered the Party of the little guy, promoting issues that directly impacted, and were supported by the average American, the majority.
Oracle Extends Offer for PeopleSoft SAN FRANCISCO -- Business software maker Oracle Corp. said on Thursday it extended again its \$7.7 billion hostile tender offer for PeopleSoft Inc.
Baldini joins legends of Marathon They followed in the footsteps of Pheidippides and Spiridon Louis on the road from Marathon to Athens last night and by the time they reached the magnificent marble-stepped Panathinaiko Stadium 
China begins to exert strength Basketball superstar Yao Ming marched singularly as he carried China #39;s flag into the Athens Olympics opening ceremony, several steps ahead of the Chinese delegation, his 7-foot-5 frame towering above the scene.
Stunning triumph vindicates relay team Four British athletes sat together on the poolside terrace of the Politia Tennis Club yesterday, the realisation of what they had done the previous evening soaking into them like 
SI.com CLEVELAND (Ticker) -- For the second time in a week, the Chicago White Sox have fallen victim to a pitcher #39;s first major league shutout.
Gandhi #39;s grandson ends visit to W. Bank Arun Gandhi, grandson of late Indian Prime Minister Mahatma Gandhi, ended a solidarity trip to the West Bank on Sunday, saying the only option for the Palestinians is non-violent resistance.
Dollar Keeps Gains, Market Wary  TOKYO (Reuters) - The dollar kept its gains versus other  major currencies early on Monday after U.S. economic data eased  concerns that surging oil prices may have hurt growth, keeping  expectations alive for more rises in interest rates.
Sinopec Profit Jumps on China Oil Demand  HONG KONG (Reuters) - Asia's top oil refiner, state-run  Sinopec Corp., said on Monday its second-quarter net profit  almost doubled as China's fast-growing economy consumed more  fuel and crude oil prices climbed.
At Last, Microsoft Starts the Music Never shy about entering a market late, Microsoft Corp. is planning to open the virtual doors of its long-planned Internet music store next week.
Australia #39;s Sons Of Gwalia Appoints Administrator -2- MELBOURNE (Dow Jones)--Australian gold and tantalum producer Sons of Gwalia Ltd. (SGW.AU) on Monday said it had moved into voluntary administration after being unable to reach agreement with its creditors.
Five dead, three injured in weekend house fires in Detroit area WATERFORD TOWNSHIP, Mich. Two fatal home fires today in the Detroit area have left five people dead, including three children. In Waterford Township, 35 miles northwest of Detroit, fire killed a police officer, his wife and their ten-year-old son.
Iran says it has achieved effective deterrent power Iranian Defense Minister Ali Shamkhani said Saturday that Iran has achieved an  amp;quoteffective deterrent power quot; to confront its enemies in the region, the official IRNA news agency reported.
Govt denies spam campaign breaks law The Federal Government has rejected Opposition calls for an inquiry into the Prime Minister #39;s use of his son #39;s computer software company to spam voters with Liberal Party election material.
China opens up for an Olympian effort FOR most spectators in the Olympic stadium, the lavish closing ceremony in Athens last night was a chance to revel in the self-congratulation and relief that traditionally comprise end-of-games euphoria.
Bolton win shown live A 38TH-MINUTE Kevin Davies strike was enough for Bolton to upset Liverpool 1-0 in an English Premiership match last night at Reebok Stadium.
AL Wrap: Wakefield Three-Hitter Helps Red Sox Tame Tigers Tim Wakefield tossed a three-hitter over eight innings to inspire the Boston Red Sox to their sixth straight victory, a 6-1 defeat of the Detroit Tigers in the American League Sunday.
Australia election date set Australians will vote on October 9 in an election pitting the conservative government against centre-left Labor, with national security and the economy as major issues.
Alleged coup leader Mann  #39;tortured #39; BRITISH soldier of fortune and former Scots Guard officer Simon Mann, the alleged leader of a failed African coup dtat, has been specially targeted for systematic torture by guards in Zimbabwes notorious Chikurubi Prison, according to two 
Marathoner Finishes Third After Attack (AP) AP - A defrocked Irish priest bolted from the crowd and grabbed the marathon leader about three miles from the finish Sunday. The Brazilian runner Vanderlei de Lima wound up with the bronze  #151; and a special award for sportsmanship  #151; and the former priest was arrested.
Stars Arrive by Yacht at MTV Video Awards MIAMI - An already broiling Miami had even more sizzle on Sunday as MTV brought the annual party known as the Video Music Awards to the city for the first time in the awards' 21-year history.    The change of scenery for the awards, typically held in New York or Los Angeles, helped raise the decadence level at the already raucous, celebrity-soaked affair...
U.S., Shiites Meet After Deadly Clashes BAGHDAD, Iraq - U.S. military officials and representatives of rebel Shiite cleric Muqtada al-Sadr held talks Sunday aimed at reducing violence in the restive Baghdad slum of Sadr City, a day after clashes there killed 10 people, officials said...
Pension plans raise concerns NEW YORK -- The corporate pension crisis seems to be going from bad to worse. First, companies struggled to come up with the money to cover their benefit obligations, and now they want to ditch their plans altogether.
Intel to make 70-megabit chip Intel Corp. will announce today that it has reached a significant milestone in manufacturing computer chips at ever-smaller levels.
Political spam from Aussie PM #39;s son Australia Prime Minister John Howard is spamming the Australian electorate ahead of the coming October 9 election -- and he #39;s using his son #39;s firm to do it.
Australian campaign gets underway Australia #39;s political leaders have hit the hustings with a blitz of the airwaves to set the tone for the country #39;s longest election campaign in 20 years -- who do voters trust?
Sudan cease-fire violation investigated African Union ceasefire monitors are investigating claims that the Sudanese military bombarded a village from helicopter gunships, driving terrified farmers from their homes, only days before the expiry of a UN deadline to end the violence in Darfur.
Powerful Typhoon Chaba Hits Southern Japan High winds and torrential rain battered the southwestern Japanese island of Kyushu on Monday as powerful typhoon Chaba hit the coast on its way north.
Hewitt runs hot LLEYTON Hewitt is in hot form and a determined Mark Philippoussis declared yesterday he was ready to reverse his form slump and  quot;do some damage quot; at the US Open beginning tonight.
Schumacher clinches 7th title SPA-FRANCORCHAMPS, Belgium (AFP) - World champion Michael Schumacher added another stripe to his well-decorated cap after clocking up his seventh world title here yesterday.
USC loses 1 first-place vote in coaches poll MCLEAN, Va. - Top-ranked Southern California won its season opener Saturday night, but lost a first-place vote in the USA Today/ESPN coaches poll released Sunday.
Afghanistan Bomb Attacks Kill 16 At least 16 people, many of them children, were killed in explosions at the office of a US security contractor in Afghanistans capital and a school in the south east as the country moves towards its first post-Taliban election.
Tibetan culture falters under Chinese influx ZHANG JUN says his two-storey frosted glass and chrome beauty salon near the Tibetan capitals imposing Potala Palace is the biggest in town.
Warner Beats Out Manning As Giants Starter (AP) AP - Eli Manning remains the New York Giants' quarterback of the future. For now, the job belongs to Kurt Warner.
Red Sox Sweep Tigers for 6th Straight Win (AP) AP - Tim Wakefield allowed three hits in eight innings and the Boston Red Sox won their sixth straight game with a 6-1 victory over the Detroit Tigers on Sunday. Wakefield (11-7) gave up only Nook Logan's double in the third, Craig Monroe's 10th homer in the fifth and Logan's single in the eighth.
Bush Says Kerry Uses 'Upside-Down' Logic (AP) AP - President Bush said Sunday that Democrat John Kerry is using "upside-down" logic when he says terrorists' recruiting efforts are getting a boost from the war on terrorism.
Congress Works to Pass Intelligence Bills (AP) AP - Congressional leaders on Sunday would not guarantee passage of an overhaul of the nation's intelligence agencies by the November election but pledged to try to make it happen.
East Timor marks historic vote East Timor celebrates the fifth anniversary of a historic vote to break away from Indonesia's rule.
7 Killed in Kabul as Bombing Rips U.S. Security Firm Two Americans were among the dead when a bomb exploded outside the compound of an American contractor helping to train the Afghan police.
G.I.'s in Talks With Rebels of Sadr Stronghold in Baghdad The thorniest issue left unresolved by a settlement in Najaf is the disarmament of the Mahdi Army militia.
Fires at homes in Waterford Township, Detroit leave 5 dead A police officer in this Detroit suburb died with his wife and son in a Sunday morning house fire about the same time that two young children died in a blaze in Detroit, police and fire officials said.
Spanish grab initiative in bidding war for Abbey Banco Santander is making an attempt to seize back the initiative in its 8.3bn takeover of Abbey National, speeding up its bid timetable while rival bidders continue to circle the UK bank.
British scientists oppose clone ban British scientists were backing Sunday a campaign to stop the United States from creating a worldwide ban on all types of human cloning.
Fishing Just for Fun Damages Stocks, Study Finds WASHINGTON - People fishing for sport are doing far more damage to US marine fish stocks than anyone thought, accounting for nearly a quarter of the catch from overfished species, researchers said.
Human rights shadow over Beijing games At the closing ceremony of the Athens Olympic games last night Jacques Rogge, president of the International Olympic Committee, issued the traditional invitation to  quot;the youth of the world quot; to reassemble in four years #39; time.
Tim Wendel  quot;Better in Beijing? quot; NBC #39;s Bob Costas asked American swimmer Michael Phelps after the last of his astounding 17 races at Athens.
Austin ends drought, earns first win since  #39;95 Cromwell, CT (Sports Network) - Woody Austin birdied the first playoff hole Sunday to defeat Tim Herron and win the Buick Championship.
7 Killed in Kabul as Bombing Rips US Security Firm At least seven people, including at least two Americans, were killed Sunday when a powerful bomb exploded outside the compound of an American contractor helping to train the Afghan police.
Thatcher inquiry to question freed men Two South Africans acquitted by a Zimbabwean court of charges related to the alleged coup plot in Equatorial Guinea are to be questioned today by the South African authorities.
India tests missile before talks India test-launched an Agni II surface-to-surface missile capable of carrying nuclear weapons yesterday. The trial, on the testing range on Wheeler Island off eastern Orissa state, was the third trial of the 
Santander ready to give up RBS board role SPANISH bank Santander has offered to cut back its ties with Royal Bank of Scotland in an attempt to avoid a competition inquiry into its bid for Abbey.
Santander moves to speed Abbey acquisition SPAIN #39;S Banco Santander Central Hispano yesterday revealed plans to speed up its 8.4bn bid for Abbey in an apparent effort to thwart interest from other possible bidders.
Man's HIV Diagnosis Reversed 8 Years Later SAN FRANCISCO - A California man who once tested positive for HIV has learned the diagnosis made eight years ago was mistaken and he never had the virus that causes AIDS.    Jim Malone spent years battling depression and losing weight, expecting to die at any time...
Kremlin Choice Appears to Win in Chechnya GROZNY, Russia - The Russian government's choice for president of war-ravaged Chechnya appeared to be the victor Sunday in an election tainted by charges of fraud and shadowed by last week's terrorist destruction of two airliners.    Little more than two hours after polls closed, acting Chechen president Sergei Abramov said preliminary results showed Maj...
Santander Aims to Complete Abbey Purchase by November, FT Says Santander Central Hispano SA aims to complete its 8.3 billion pounds (\$15 billion) purchase of Abbey National Plc by November, the Financial Times said, citing Juan Inciarte, Santander #39;s director for Europe and consumer finance.
Alkhanov Wins Presidential Election in Chechnya (Update1) Russia #39;s republic of Chechnya elected Alu Alkhanov president in a poll held to replace Akhamad Kadyrov, who was assassinated in May.
Darfur rebels put forward peace plan at talks in Nigeria : Rebel groups proposed a new peace agreement at talks aimed at restoring calm to Sudan #39;s Darfur region, calling for international peacekeepers and full access for aid groups to all of Darfur.
Iraq oil exports below normal as pipeline hit BAGHDAD: Iraq #39;s southern oil exports were still below normal yesterday as firefighters battled to put out a new blaze at a sabotaged pipeline, industry officials said.
Tales of the City, Revisited This year, for the first time since the towers crumbled, New York City #39;s economy outperformed the nation #39;s. The average price for a Manhattan condo or co-op broke the \$1 million mark, a new record.
China Southern joins SkyTeam SkyTeam was founded in June 2000 by Aeromxico, Air France, Delta Air Lines and Korean Air. Since then the group has grown to include Czech Airlines and Alitalia.
VeriSign dealt another legal blow in ICANN suit VeriSignlost another round in its battle against the Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers (ICANN) last week when a US federal judge dismissed the company #39;s antitrust claims, filed in an amended complaint.
It #39;s official: Giants name Warner starter for opening day NEW YORK - Eli Manning is undeniably the Giants #39; quarterback of the future. But the future is going to have wait. After a summer of speculation, Giants coach Tom Coughlin finally made it official on Sunday 
Tokyo Stocks Dip, Focus on Data  TOKYO (Reuters) - Japanese stocks edged lower by midday on  Monday with confidence in the domestic economic outlook failing  to offset profit-taking that hit recent gainers such as  insurers and telecom stocks including KDDI Corp.
Europe's Ryder Team Is Set Colin Montgomerie, who has had a tough year, took a turn for the better Sunday, when he was chosen to play in his seventh Ryder Cup by the European team's captain, Bernhard Langer.
Schumacher Clinches Season Title Michael Schumacher finished second at the Belgian Grand Prix on Sunday, scoring enough points to clinch an unprecedented seventh Formula One drivers' title.
World Wide Web Turns 35, But is Still a Work in Progress Thirty-five years after computer scientists at UCLA linked two bulky computers using a 15-foot gray cable, testing a new way for exchanging data over networks, what would ultimately become the Internet remains a work in progress.
Bumper profits, but debt blows out By staff writers and wires. AUSTRALIAN company profits jumped 10.3 per cent in the June quarter thanks to robust consumer and business spending that will boost economic growth outcomes and the electoral prospects of the Howard Government.
Labor #39;s task: to get welfare back on track One of Labor #39;s challenges is to come up with an electorally acceptable proposal for reform in an inefficient, badly targeted family welfare system.
Closing Ceremony music to his ears It ain #39;t over until the crazy drunk former priest attacks the frightened Brazilian marathon runner. Although the 35-year-old Athens marathon record was broken tonight by Italy #39;s 
Davies fires winner as Trotters sink Reds Bolton has leapt to third on the English Premier League table with an impressive 1-0 win over Liverpool at the Reebok Stadium. A goal to Kevin Davies in the 38th minute, when he got on the end of a cross from 
Iraqi delegation arrives in Iran The Iraqi deputy prime minister arrived Sunday in the Tehran, Iran, a day later than planned, the BBC reported. Deputy Prime Minister Barham Saleh was part of a high-level political 
Asian Stocks Mostly Flat to Lower  SINGAPORE (Reuters) - Asian shares were mostly flat to  lower on Monday as investors kept a wary eye on stabilizing oil  prices and looked past signs Japanese consumers were beginning  to spend more freely.
Bush Twins Host Pre-Convention Party (AP) AP - Barbara and Jenna Bush, the president's 22-year-old twin daughters, arrived like rock 'n' roll stars at a Republican convention party Sunday, complete with red carpet, cameras and paparazzi shouting for a smile.
Wall Street Plays Party Host The Republican National Convention, which opens Monday at Madison Square Garden in midtown Manhattan, is being bankrolled and feted to an extraordinary degree by the financial services behemoths that are concentrated at the island #39;s southern tip.
US firm target of deadly bomb blast in Kabul Afghanistan was rocked by two separate attacks, including a violent explosion in the capital, Kabul, and at a school in the southeastern part of the country.
Wife of N.Korean Leader Kim Jong-Il Dead -Report (Reuters) Reuters - North Korean leader Kim Jong-il's wife\died of a heart attack earlier this month, South Korea's Yonhap\news agency said on Monday, quoting sources in Beijing.
Elliss, Anderson Injuries Raise Concern (AP) AP - Denver Broncos defensive end Luther Elliss is expected to miss up to two weeks because of a torn pectoral muscle. Elliss missed the first nine weeks of last season with a similar injury.
Australian PM seen kicking off election on shaky ground (AFP) AFP - Prime Minister John Howard has kicked off his bid for a fourth term in office on shaky ground, forced to call elections sooner than he would have liked by a robust attack on his credibility from the opposition, editorialists said.
Colombia wins drug lord's house The Colombian state finally wins control of the estate of the late Medellin drugs baron, Pablo Escobar.
Install Moveable Type? \\The PeerFear blog is built on top of a custom CMS that I wrote about two years\ago.  It doesn't support Atom, trackbacks, and some people report problems when\posting from IE.\\I installed Moveable Type but to be honest I am less than thrilled.  It doesn't\support category RSS feeds and I can't associate images for categories like I'm\currently doing.\\So it appears I'm stuck... \\Anyone have any feedback?  Maybe I should install one of the OSS blogging tools.\\
Torrent Joshua Kinberg being Arrested \\Great .torrent link of Joshua Kinberg being arrested.  \\This is of course being documented over on this MSNBC HardBlogger blog \(which btw is news in of itself).\\
Israel, Iran Trade Threats As FBI Investigates Spying Israel and Iran traded significantly escalated threats of military attacks in recent months as the FBI investigated allegations that a Pentagon official passed secret U.S. policy information about Iran to Israeli authorities.
Divers Keep Smelly Sewers Flowing Carlos Barrios Orta squeezed himself into his rubber diving suit, pulled on an 18-pound helmet that made him look like an astronaut, then lowered himself into the sewer. He disappeared into the filthy water, which looked like some cauldron of rancid beef stew, until the only sign of him was air bubbles breaking the surface.
Latham lying on payroll tax: PM OPPOSITION Leader Mark Latham had told his first big lie of the election campaign by saying Labor had no plans to introduce a national payroll tax, Prime Minister John Howard said today.
Indonesia Names 10 Prospective Bidders For Bk Permata JAKARTA (Dow Jones)--The Indonesian government said Monday it has identified 10 prospective bidders for the sale of a 51 stake in PT Bank Permata (BNLI.
Royal body opposes anti-cloning bid Britain #39;s leading academic institution is backing an international campaign to stop the US securing an international ban on all forms of human cloning.
Boston Leaves Yanks With White Knuckles Tim Wakefield allowed three hits in eight innings and the Boston Red Sox won their sixth straight game with a 6-1 victory over the visiting Detroit Tigers yesterday.
Nextel's Next Connection By using methodical strategies, Nextel Communications Inc. is the scrawny kid from Reston, Va., who grew up to become a scrappy fighter by. &lt;br&gt;&lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
VeriSign Loses Icann Antitrust Case A federal judge has dismissed an antitrust complaint against an Internet oversight group brought by a company that controls directories for Internet users worldwide.
Can Microsoft Stomp iTunes With a Store of Its Own? Microsoft is now aiming at a market that Apple Computer pioneered more than a year ago with its iTunes online music store.
Higher Technology for Drier Courts to Prevent a Rain-Soaked Repeat After heavy rainfall forced numerous delays last year, the United States Tennis Association will rely on new machines to dry the courts faster.
A PC That Packs Real Power, and All Just for Me A new computer should deliver about 10 times the performance of a desktop personal computer.
Crying Out When a Child Cannot A man has invented a car alarm system that he thinks could save some of the children who die after being shut inside cars on warm days.
Economy hurdle looms large for Latham PRIME Minister John Howard has called an election he cannot confidently predict he will win. But he is a political veteran and has calculated that the six-week campaign is more likely to serve 
Govt to propose new plan to fight global warming Japan will propose the development and introduction of technology to save energy and help control global warming at the 10th Conference of the Parties to the UN Framework Convention on Climate Change to be held in December in Argentina.
Still no fix for US space shuttle One year after a highly critical report urged NASA to develop the means to fix a broken space shuttle in orbit, the US space agency still could not repair 
It wasn #39;t exactly terrorism, but ... I was just going to say how happy I was that I was wrong with my dire warnings that there was going to be some sort of incident at the Athens Games ... when something happened toward the end of the men #39;s marathon on Sunday.
Hong Kong-PRC pact seen affecting Taiwan companies Taiwan companies will have to deal with greater competition from next year because of the Closer Economic Partnership Arrangement signed by mainland China with Hong Kong and Macau, an analyst said yesterday.
Bethesda Magazine  Aims to Market  'The Good Life' The success of a start-up magazine rests on many factors, not the least of which is a catchy name.
Wal-Mart's Withdrawal Triggers Mixed Reactions Zack Diarra, the owner of Timbuktu Fashions, had been "scared to death" of Wal-Mart, worried the nation's biggest retailer would undercut his clothing prices and wipe out his eight-month-old business.
Krispy Kreme's Failings Tough To Glaze Over Investors are finally figuring out that Krispy Kreme Doughnuts' shares are just like its doughnuts: Get 'em while they're hot because they can go stale in a hurry.
U.S. and Russia Still Dominate Arms Market, but World Total Falls The value of all weapons deals worldwide was more than \$25.6 billion in 2003, the third consecutive year of decline.
Ads, Not Just Athletes, Were in Olympics Spotlight During the 1,210 hours of Olympics coverage across the NBC Universal networks, audiences were exposed to 13,000 to 14,000 commercials.
Clear Channel Plays Rough in Motorcycling Battle Supercross is shaping up to be the latest battleground in the fight over media consolidation.
Intel keeps Moore #39;s law on track Contradicting fears that the semiconductor industry #39;s pace of development is slowing, Intel Corporation has announced it has achieved a milestone in shrinking the size of transistors that will power its next-generation chips.
ISPA warn of 32 price hike and threat to ISPs Written by Net 4 Nowt The Internet Services Providers Association (ISPA UK) is highlighting significant fears for its smaller members and broadband Britain following price rises introduced by BT to their IPStream products in order to comply with an 
Ward KOs 8-year drought It #39;s been eight years since a US boxer stood on an Olympic .podium to receive a gold medal. It #39;s been six years since Andre Ward lost a fight.
Al-Qaeda follows Taliban to claim Kabul blast: Website A statement purported to be from Al-Qaeda claimed responsibility on Monday for a truck bomb which killed seven people, including two US citizens, in Kabul, and which was earlier claimed by the Taliban militia.
Lessons of Najaf Iraq #39;s interim government did well to avoid a bloody fight to the finish with Moktada al-Sadr over the Imam Ali Mosque, the country #39;s most sacred Shiite site.
Officials deny barring pro-democracy lawmaker A top Chinese official yesterday defended his government #39;s decision to bar a Hong Kong pro-democracy lawmaker from entering the mainland, saying customs authorities acted legally.
Lee rules out assassination in shooting investigation US-based forensic expert Dr. Henry Lee who was investigating the March 19 shooting of President Chen Shui-bian () has concluded that the incident was not an assassination attempt.
Bonds and Giants Cow Braves, 9-5 (AP) AP - Barry Bonds hit a pair of mammoth two-run homers  #151; giving him 696 in his career  #151; and went 4-for-5 with six RBIs Sunday night, leading the San Francisco Giants to a 9-5 win over the Atlanta Braves.
Billions rolling in as Macau is transformed into Asia's Vegas (AFP) AFP - A huge cheer breaks through the cacophony at Sands Macau Casino as the four million pataca (518,000 US dollar) blackjack jackpot is won.
Europe's Ryder Team Is Set Colin Montgomerie, who has had a tough year, took a turn for the better Sunday, when he was chosen to play in his seventh Ryder Cup.
Credit Suisse to Move to One Brand Name  ZURICH (Reuters) - Credit Suisse will eventually use one  brand name only and drop the First Boston moniker from its  Credit Suisse First Boston investment banking arm, the bank's  head said on Tuesday.
Upstaging Before the Show The Republican convention's calculated claims to patriotism met elaborately planned and heavily Democratic street protests.
Scorecard on the president: A mixed bag President Bush #39;s performance evaluation is underway now, and his scores will be determined by the voters who are weighing whether he has met the goals he set for himself four years ago.
Park blazes away to course record in LPGA Classic event Grace Park was as hot as the weather when she fired 5-under par over her final five holes to set a course record and grab the third round lead from Jill McGill in the US\$1 million LPGA Classic on Saturday.
Chirac postpones his visit to Russia over hostage crisis A threat by a militant Islamic group in Iraq to kill two French men unless a law banning Muslim headscarves in schools is abandoned was being treated as a national crisis by the French government last night.
Intel to throttle power by enhancing silicon Intel will try to further cut power consumption in its next generation of chips by using improved strained silicon, along with transistors that block power to other circuits, and other added features.
Surcharge Raises Ire When Northwest Airlines Corp. said last week it will charge extra fees for tickets not bought on its Web site, it caused a chain reaction in an industry still grappling with the impact of the Internet.
NL Wrap: Pujols Boosts Cards, Giants Delight for Bonds (Reuters) Reuters - Albert Pujols cracked his 40th home\run of the season and reached 100 RBI for the fourth straight\year to help the St Louis Cardinals blank the host Pittsburgh\Pirates 4-0 in the National League Sunday.
NL Wrap: Pujols Boosts Cards, Giants Delight for Bonds  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Albert Pujols cracked his 40th home  run of the season and reached 100 RBI for the fourth straight  year to help the St Louis Cardinals blank the host Pittsburgh  Pirates 4-0 in the National League Sunday.
Feds Target Scofflaws And Spammers As part of its recent crackdown on cybercrime, the Justice Department last week detailed major enforcement actions against copyright scofflaws and spammers.
Marathon has weird intrusion Italy #39;s Stefano Baldini surged ahead with two miles to go and won the Olympic marathon Sunday while American Meb Keflezighi finished a surprising second in a 
Peaceful Olympics closes with 102 US medals ATHENS, Greece - Under a well-timed full moon to conclude a near-cloudless three weeks, the 2004 Summer Olympics came to an end Sunday night with music, dancing and the last of nearly 1,000 medals.
Numbers Game for Schumacher Ferrari and Michael Schumacher were savouring yet another world championship today after a milestone weekend for both team and driver.
MLB: San Francisco 9, Atlanta 5 Barry Bonds went 4-for-5 with two home runs and six RBI Sunday night to power the San Francisco Giants to a 9-5 victory over the Atlanta Braves.
India tests Agni II missile NEW DELHI, Aug 29: India tested its Agni II surface to surface missile on Sunday in overcast conditions, PTI said quoting defence sources.
Iran, Iraq want to bury the past TEHRAN, Aug 29: Iran and Iraq want to bury the past and start a new era of neighbourly relations, visiting Iraqi interim Deputy Prime Minister Barham Salih said here on Sunday.
Schumacher Wins Title Michael Schumacher clinches an unprecedented seventh Formula One title at the Belgian Grand Prix in Spa-Francorchamps Sunday despite losing his second race of the season.
Blue Jays Snap Streak Toronto ends its five-game losing streak with a 6-4 win over the Yankees after a power outage delays the start for an hour Sunday.
Stadler Rallies to Win Craig Stadler makes up a four-shot deficit and birdies the final four holes Sunday to win the Tradition by one shot at 13-under-par in Aloha, Ore.
Giambi Back Batting Yankees slugger Jason Giambi takes batting practice for the first time Sunday since having a benign tumor diagnosed last month.
Video Music Awards Sizzling but Shock Free MIAMI - Holding its festivities for the first time in the city of skin, Sunday's MTV Video Music Awards was sizzling, energetic and colorful - yet tame, by MTV standards.    There were no wardrobe malfunctions (sorry TiVo)...
Intel to throttle power by enhancing silicon Power consumption continues to climb, so Intel will reach into the bag of tricks to keep Moore's Law going.
A renaissance for the workstation? A California start-up thinks so. Its 96-processor unit is aimed at the film industry and life sciences researchers, among others.
Federal-Mogul may sell T amp;N assets after pension offer snub Federal-Mogul, the engineering company whose bankruptcy in the US is threatening the pensions of thousands of workers at its subsidiary Turner  amp; Newall, is sizing up a sale of its UK businesses.
INTERVIEW: Gwalia Has Been Approached By Gold Ops Buyers PERTH (Dow Jones)--Financially distressed Australian mining company Sons of Gwalia Ltd. (SGW.AU) said Monday that it has been approached by several parties interested in buying its gold business.
Bonds, Giants snap Braves #39; win streak ATLANTA - The Atlanta Braves may still have the last word this afternoon, but Barry Bonds did all the talking with his bat Sunday night.
France in crisis as Iraqis threaten to kill hostages over &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; A threat by a militant Islamic group in Iraq to murder two French hostages unless Paris abandons a law banning muslim headscarves in schools was being treated as a national crisis by the French government last night.
Iran: Isolation or Engagement? Iran claims that it can produce enough weapons-grade uranium for a nuclear weapon within a year. According to Undersecretary of State John Bolton,  quot;We cannot let Iran, a leading sponsor 
Australia's Labor renews pledge to bring troops home from Iraq (AFP) AFP - The opposition Labor Party renewed its pledge to withdraw Australian troops from Iraq if it wins October 9 elections, setting relations with ally Washington at the center of the election campaign.
Nikkei Share Average Falls Nearly 1 Pct (Reuters) Reuters - Japan's Nikkei share average fell nearly\one percent on Tuesday after the dollar's retreat below 103 yen\put pressure on exporters such as Sony Corp.
Ticket fee feud The fury about Northwest Airlines #39; new ticket fees is the latest battle in a bigger war between the financially struggling airline industry and dominant players in the business of travel reservations.
Windows XP SP2 -- test your applications Learn about the plethora of security enhancements included in Windows XP Service Pack 2, as well as how these security features could impair the functionality of some applications.
Back-to-school fears cloud Intel report SAN FRANCISCO: Intel upcoming mid-quarter report will be closely watched for signs of weak back-to-school computer sales, though recent market share gains in memory chips could help offset any softness in computer microprocessor demand.
Apple fans abuzz over new iMac With Apple Computer #39;s next iMac expected to be unveiled as soon as next week, Mac fan sites are buzzing with speculation over the design.
Doping and debts aside, it was all worth it What doping scandals? What debts? Drunk with pride for successfully pulling off a great homecoming Olympics, most Greeks said they would happily do it all over again.
Olympic torch heads off to Beijing While celebrating unprecedented success at the Athens Olympics, China has its sights firmly set on the Beijing Games in four years when they hope to present the country #39;s new face to the world.
Right time for new A #39;s hero McMillon #39;s homer in ninth breaks tie &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; He was thinking about that, the little-used outfielder admitted, when he came up with two on and one out in the bottom of the ninth, the game tied 6-6.
Spilled Oil, Gas Ignite in Iraq #39;s South Rumaila Field Oil and gas spilled during recent sabotage attacks on Iraq #39;s southern oil pipelines ignited Sunday and firefighters battled to douse the flames.
UBS to Buy Schwab Units - WSJ  NEW YORK (Reuters) - UBS AG is expected to buy Charles  Schwab Corp.'s institutional research and trading unit for \$265  million, the Wall Street Journal said Monday, citing unnamed  people familiar with the matter.
Red Sox within 4 1/2 games of Yankees after sweeping Tigers Boston, MA (Sports Network) - Tim Wakefield pitched eight strong innings to lead the Boston Red Sox to a 6-1 victory over the Detroit Tigers and a sweep of the four-game series at Fenway Park.
Ireland, Britain resume negotiations for peace talks Britain and Ireland resume their joint efforts this week to revive deadlocked peace talks in Northern Ireland, aiming to forge common ground between deeply opposed sectarian groups.
Scientists call for UN compromise on cloning Britain #39;s leading scientists today urge the United Nations to ban cloning of babies but leave open the door for cloning of embryo stem cells as treatments for so-far incurable illnesses.
A Greek revival Athens defied skepticism by staging  #39;dream Games #39; Athens -- The venues didn #39;t fall down. The terrorists were kept at bay. The US Olympians waved the flag anyway, and nobody got hurt.
Russians win all WTA events, Horna in ATP final Elena Bovina added her name to the list of Russians to watch at next week #39;s US Open when she beat Nathalie Dechy to win the New Haven Open on Saturday.
Arms dealer says Thatcher wanted to buy two military helicopters An arms dealer, who is the key state witness in the attempted coup in an oil-rich African state, said that he had talks with Sir Mark Thatcher who wanted to buy two military helicopters, it was revealed yesterday.
Bangladesh government offers reward to catch grenade attackers (AFP) AFP - The Bangladeshi government has announced a 160,000-dollar reward in a bid to catch the assailants who killed 20 people and injured hundreds in a grenade attack on an opposition rally last weekend.
And the Unexpected Olympics Winner Is...Athens  ATHENS (Reuters) - The greatest race of the Olympics  produced the most unlikely winner.
Credit Suisse to Move to One Brand Name (Reuters) Reuters - Credit Suisse will eventually use one\brand name only and drop the First Boston moniker from its\Credit Suisse First Boston investment banking arm, the bank's\head said on Tuesday.
Russia's Putin set for landmark visit to Turkey (AFP) AFP - Russian President Vladimir Putin arrives here this week for a landmark visit which Ankara hopes will help improve political ties in line with spectacular progress in economic relations between the two countries.
Intel shows off next-generation chips SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW) -- Trying to get past its recent execution setbacks, Intel demonstrated a working chip using its next-generation manufacturing technology Monday, and also stated that it is on track to continue with Moore #39;s Law, doubling the number 
INTERVIEW: Gwalia Approached By Gold Ops Buyers -2- PERTH (Dow Jones)--Financially distressed Australian mining company Sons of Gwalia Ltd. (SGW.AU) said Monday that it has been approached by several parties interested in buying its gold business.
Langer goes with experience, then youthful Donald for the &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Bernhard Langer knew all along he had a loaded deck and an ace up his sleeve if he needed it. When the year-long process of selecting the European Ryder Cup team finally 
Chechnya president rules out talks with separatist leader MOSCOW , Russia -- Alu Alkhanov, set to become Chechnya #39;s president after Sunday #39;s election, on Monday ruled out any possibility of talks with Chechen separatist leader Aslan Maskhadov.
As it turns out, the Greek way proved to be the right way A few US women #39;s soccer players scooped up small pieces of sod at Karaiskaki Stadium after their emotional gold-medal victory last week.
Hey, Yankees  here come the Red Sox BOSTON - Tim Wakefield finished off the Detroit Tigers on Sunday. Now comes the real challenge for the streaking Boston Red Sox. Boston beat Detroit 6-1, ending a stretch of 26 games - 23 against teams below 
Hammer time Bonds belts 2 HRs as Aaron watches Giants win Atlanta -- Hammerin #39; Hank Aaron was at the game. Boomin #39; Barry Bonds was on his game. In the homers hub of the universe, the residence of the all-time champ, the past and future came together Sunday night 
Microsoft hit by monopoly suits Several California cities and counties have sued Microsoft, accusing the software giant of illegally charging inflated prices for its products because of monopoly control of the personal computer operating systems market.
Keflezighi wins silver in marathon for last US medal ATHENS, Greece - Into the heart of the 2004 Olympics and the 1,000-year-old stadium symbolic of it ran a little touch of Jacksonville Sunday.
Owen stars in Real Madrid debut Michael Owen made his debut for Real Madrid on Sunday, setting up a second-half goal by Ronaldo in a 1-0 victory at Mallorca in a Spanish league opener.
Civil war scars Sudan villages Ahmed Arajah can #39;t help coming down from the hills to his crumbled house to rummage through its charred remains, the cracked plates, the girls #39; shoes and broken oil 
With Few Exceptions, the String Remains the Same Professional and recreational players are unlikely to see major developments in racket string technology any time soon.
EBay Lends Hand to Dropoff Stores EBay dropoff stores, which list, package and ship eBay items for people who prefer not to do it themselves, have gotten a little help in their quest to find a market - from eBay itself.
Nikkei slides MUMBAI: Japanese stocks fell due to telecommunications stocks which accounted for more than third of the index #39;s drop. Japan #39;s Nikkei 225 Stock Average lost 0.7 per cent to 11,131.
Iranian military officer reiterates  quot;deterrent policy quot; An Iranian officer Sunday reiterated Iran #39;s  quot;deterrent policy quot;, saying it has enabled the country to impose its position on the enemies under any condition, the official IRNA news agency reported.
Incident mars marathon as far as ugly incidents -t a 2004 Olympics that had opened with such anxiety. Until Sunday night. A defrocked Irish 
Streaking Astros climb back into playoff race Jeff Bagwell and Lance Berkman sparked a testy 10-3 victory Sunday over the Chicago Cubs, and Houston took three of four at Wrigley Field to move within four games of Chicago and San Diego for the NL wild-card lead.
Andretti has one last memory Although there will be no more great memories of the little track in his hometown -- where they raced for the last time Sunday -- car owner Andretti has one that might not be topped anywhere for a while.
Microsoft guts Longhorn However, because it is coming out earlier, Longhorn will be trimmed of some of the more innovative stuff that has been seen in earlier builds.
Bizarre finish to men #39;s marathon overshadows American #39;s silver If legend is to be believed, the end of a victorious war was behind Pheidippides #39; trek from Marathon to Athens 2,500 years ago.
Grappling grabs WWE flare Wrestling ATHENS -- The Ano Liossia Wrestling Hall looked more like Madison Square Garden yesterday when Olympic freestyle wrestling took on more of a WWE flavour.
Stadler clinches second senior major ALOHA, ORE. -- Craig Stadler closed with four straight birdies in a five-under-par 67 for a one-shot victory yesterday at the Tradition and his second major on the Champions Tour.
Israel proposes leaving Gaza settlement as hospital Israel is suggesting leaving a Gaza settlement intact after its planned pullout next year for Palestinian residents of Gaza to use as a hospital, as well as selling an industrial zone at a crossing point to international bodies, Israeli officials said.
Baseball Today (AP) AP - Chicago at Montreal (7:05 p.m. EDT). Greg Maddux (12-8) starts for the Cubs.
Kabul Bomb Death Toll Rises, Up to 12 Believed Dead  KABUL, Afghanistan (Reuters) - The toll from Sunday's car  bomb blast in Kabul rose Monday with different accounts from  Western security forces and Afghan officials suggesting as many  as a dozen people may have been killed.
Orange 3G phones launched in UK Orange has unveiled its third-generation (3G) mobile phones in the UK after a long-delayed commercial launch.
Athens Throws a Party to Celebrate Games ATHENS, Greece - If anyone deserved a party, it was the people of Athens.    The flame went out on the Olympics during a closing ceremony Sunday night that honored the birthplace of the games with an ebullient display of Greek pride and symbolism, a relief-filled celebration of the ancient and the new...
Philippine economy sees 6.2 pct growth in Q2 The Philippine economy registered a6.2 percent growth in the second quarter, higher than the 4.2 percent during the same period last year, National Statistical Coordinating Board 
Aluminium Ship Builder Austal Teams with Raytheon for Amphibious &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Austal Limited today announced that it had teamed with Raytheon Australia to bid for the upcoming Australian Government tender to build two amphibious ships, which is due to be issued in early 2005.
Public servants sacked for viewing internet porn at work LONDON - The British government has fired 19 civil servants and disciplined more than 200 in an unprecedented crackdown on viewing internet porn at work, officials say.
Sinopec 1H net profit rises 51 China #39;s second-largest oil producer Sinopec says its first-half net profit rose 51 percent to 16 billion yuan or nearly 2 billion US dollars, on increased domestic demand and higher oil prices.
Tokyo Stocks Dip, Focus on Data Japanese stocks edged lower by midday on Monday with confidence in the domestic economic outlook failing to offset profit-taking that hit recent gainers such as insurers and telecom stocks including KDDI Corp.
Interbrew and AmBev combine to form InBev 30/08/2004 Interbrew and Companhia de Bebidas das Amricas (AmBev) have closed the transaction announced on March 3, 2004 to combine Interbrew and AmBev, creating InBev, the worlds premier brewer.
Marathon marred by mugging In a bizarre and stunning conclusion to the Olympic Games, the leader of the men #39;s marathon was grabbed by a former Irish priest and pushed into the crowd about three miles from the finish.
Miguel drives to victory in Open Munich, Germany - Spain #39;s Miguel Angel Jimenez won his fourth title on the European tour this season, recording three birdies in a four-hole stretch on the back nine to claim the BMW International Open by two strokes.
 #39;Maria Mania #39; grips Big Apple New York - Manhattan is braced for an outbreak of  quot;Maria Mania quot; this week as 17-year-old Maria Sharapova leads a Russian assault on the US Open.
Kabul Bomb Death Toll Rises, Up to 12 Believed Dead The toll from Sunday #39;s car bomb blast in Kabul rose Monday with different accounts from Western security forces and Afghan officials suggesting as many as a dozen people may have been killed.
Treason trial resumes in Equatorial Guinea MALABO : The trial of 19 people accused of seeking to overthrow President Teodoro Obiang Nguema of Equatorial Guinea was scheduled to resume after five days of hearings last week left the world little the wiser about the reality of their alleged putsch 
French foreign minister arrives in Egypt on hostage release mission (AFP) AFP - French Foreign Minister Michel Barnier arrived in Cairo on the first leg of an urgent Middle East mission for contacts with Egyptian officials over two French journalists taken hostage in Iraq, a diplomatic source told AFP.
2 dead, 18 injured as powerful typhoon lashes southern Japan (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - TOKYO (AP) - A powerful typhoon lashed southern Japan on Monday, toppling trees and telephone poles with strong winds and torrential rains. Two elderly men died after being knocked down by strong winds, while 18 people were injured and one was missing.
More German reform protests due A fresh round of mass demonstrations over proposed cuts in welfare spending is set to take place.
Intel Shifts To Next-Gen Strained Silicon Intel Corp. will shift to a second-generation strained-silicon technique within its forthcoming 65-nanometer process technology, the company will announce on Monday.
Windows upgrade fixes security flaws, but it #39;s not perfect Microsoft is making a major push to get home and business customers to embrace the security-focused overhaul to its Windows XP computer operating system.
Oracle re-extends PeopleSoft bid Oracle is offering US\$21 per share or about US\$7.7 billion for PeopleSoft, a leader in human resources management software and an applications rival of Oracle.
Greece is winner at these Olympics ATHENS, Greece -- Capping its sports-hosting triumph, Greece ended the XXVIII Olympiad with a festive splash of ethnic folklore, music and dancing.
Austin Wins Buick Invitational The Derby native rebounded from a bogey on the final hole of regulation Sunday to birdie the first hole of a sudden-death playoff with Tim Herron and win the \$4.
Bangladesh at standstill in fourth opposition strike in a week DHAKA : Bangladesh was brought to a standstill by the fourth general strike in a week called by the opposition, which has stepped up its campaign to oust the government since an assassination attempt on its leader.
Last call for US pre-Xmas orders &lt;strong&gt;Cash'n'Carrion&lt;/strong&gt; Get 'em in by Thursday 9 December
The return of the atomic keyring &lt;strong&gt;Cash'n'Carrion&lt;/strong&gt; Glowring back from the dead
Philippine Flood Toll Hits 29, Survivors Hunt Rats (Reuters) Reuters - Philippine rescue teams\evacuated thousands of people from the worst flooding in the\central Luzon region since the 1970s as hungry victims hunted\rats and birds for food.
U.S. Warns Its Citizens in Afghanistan (AP) AP - The U.S. government warned its citizens to keep a low profile Monday after a car bomb hit a private American security firm in the Afghan capital, killing at least seven people, including two Americans.
Dollar Hits 3-Month High Against Pound  TOKYO (Reuters) - The dollar rose to a three-month high  against the sterling Monday after U.S. economic data eased  concerns that surging oil prices threatened growth,  underpinning expectations of more rises in U.S. interest rates.
More German reform protests due A fresh round of mass demonstrations over proposed cuts in welfare spending is set to take place in Germany.
Karzai 'disturbed' at Kabul bomb The Afghan president expresses deep concern after a bomb attack which left at least seven people dead.
Samsung anticipates aggressive chip kit spending Pre-emptive investment is critical to success, says chief
Video games find their political voice The net and video games are becoming essential tools for political activists.
UOB among 10 prospective Bank Permata bidders named by Indonesian &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; JAKARTA: The Indonesian government has identified Singapore #39;s United Overseas Bank as one of 10 prospective bidders for the sale of a 51 stake in PT Bank Permata.
Brazilian racer to be honored Pierre de Coubertin Medal The International Olympic Committee has announced that Vanderlei de Lima of Brazil, will be presented with a sportsmanship medal. The International Olympic Committee has announced 
Woodhall backing for Khan Former Olympic bronze medallist Richie Woodhall believes Amir Khan will be  quot;the Mario Kindelan of the next Games quot; if he is still an amateur in four years #39; time.
Belarus wrestler brawls after defeat ATHENS -- The Ano Liossia Olympic Hall looked more like Madison Square Garden yesterday when Olympic freestyle wrestling took on more of a WWE flavour.
To finish first, first be Finnish Miracles don #39;t happen in motor racing, but there is an exception to every rule. At the start of the 2004 season the McLaren-Mercedes was the joke of the paddock.
Karzai  #39;disturbed #39; at Kabul bomb Afghanistan #39;s President Hamid Karzai says he is deeply disturbed by a bomb attack in the capital Kabul in which at least seven people died.
Alkhanov calls restoration of Chechen economy top priority GROZNY. Aug 30 (Interfax) - Alu Alkhanov, who according to initial vote counts is believed to have won Sunday #39;s Chechen presidential election, said he is going to concentrate on accelerating the restoration 
India Test-fires Guided Missile Agni-II BHUBANESHWAR (India): India test fired a long-range nuclear-capable Agni II missile off its eastern coast of Orissa on Sunday, a defence ministry spokesman said.
5 dead in house fires in Waterford and Detroit A police officer who had just finished working a long night shift. A wife who finally got to snuggle in bed next to her husband. A son who would have started fifth grade today.
Santander accelerates Abbey bid Santander Central Hispano has said it aims to complete its takeover of High Street bank Abbey one month sooner than originally planned.
Six-party Nuclear Talks Likely to be Held in September The South Korean ambassador to the United States says the next round of multilateral talks aimed at resolving the North Korean nuclear impasse will likely happen in September.
Dutchman held for 'Iraq genocide' Netherlands prosecutors plan to charge a Dutchman suspected of assisting genocide in Iraq in the 1980s.
GOP to Bolster Bush Image As Strong Leader NEW YORK - Republicans marshaled their forces to bolster President Bush's image as a strong leader in treacherous times as they open their national convention in the city that felt the brunt of the worst terrorist attacks in U.S. history...
Intel Updates on 65nm , 8/30/2004. With 90 nanometer chips now on the market, the race for the next node - 65nm -- is now underway. Intel is on track for initial production of chips based on 65-nanometer process 
SUSAN TOMPOR: Change the law, feel the bounce you know, writing a check a day or two before there #39;s enough cash to cover it -- will soon need to find new tricks for juggling the bills.
Wall Street - 30 August 2004 New York - Investors may pack up and leave this week as the Republican national convention comes to New York and many on Wall Street take vacation, leaving stocks with little direction.
China eager for its turn to host ATHENS - Xiao Tian delivered an impassioned lecture for 35 minutes, without taking a question or pausing for translation. Four days before the end of the Olympics, the assistant mission chief of the Chinese 
Montgomerie picked for Ryder Cup team Colin Montgomerie #39;s toughest year on and off the golf course took a turn for the better Sunday when he was chosen by European captain Bernhard Langer to play in his seventh Ryder Cup.
Revitalized Henin-Hardenne eyes New York run Before she contracted a debilitating virus that took her off the tour for most of the past 4 1/2 months, defending US Open champion Justine Henin-Hardenne was about a tightly wound person as you could find.
Roundup: Austin wins Buick title in playoff Woody Austin is finally getting a grip on his nerves, and it is starting to pay off. Austin calmly made a 6-foot birdie putt on the first playoff hole yesterday 
Detroit Rock City: Wakefield baffles What they continue to demonstrate, more than anything else, is an impeccable sense of timing. When to run. When to hit. When to start playing like a tried-and-true 
Warner Gets the Nod Ahead of Manning One dreadful preseason performance cost top overall draft choice Eli Manning the New York Giants #39; starting quarterback job, as Coach Tom Coughlin yesterday named veteran Kurt Warner his starter 
After delays, Intel points to chip-making advance Intel is on track to introduce the world #39;s most advanced chip production technology in its products next year, the largest semiconductor maker said Sunday.
Battle brewing on the digital music front Apple Computer Inc. #39;s reign as king of the digital music business is about to meet its most serious challenge as software heavyweight Microsoft Corp.
GAMES HERO AMIR TELLS OF HIS JOY HE may be one of boxing #39;s youngest ever silver medallists with a glorious future ahead of him but yesterday teenage sensation Amir Khan told how he had more pressing things on his mind - homework.
FOOTBALL: D-DAY ON DEAL FOR ROONEY WAYNE ROONEY #39;S future will be decided today, with Everton chairman Bill Kenwright due to travel to Old Trafford for talks. He will meet Manchester United chief executive David Gill before 
AL notebook: Angels #39; Glaus returns early from surgery Troy Glaus was activated from the 60-day disabled list yesterday by the Anaheim Angels and was back in the lineup against the Minnesota Twins.
France says it will not repeal head scarf law France will not revoke a law banning Muslim head scarves in public schools despite demands by a militant Islamic group holding two French journalists hostage in Iraq, the government spokesman said Monday.
France sends FM to free hostages in Iraq The French government sent its foreign minister Sunday to the Middle East region to try to free two French journalists held hostage in Iraq as a truce was reached in Baghdad #39;s slum of Sadr City.
DYKE TO BLAIR: YOU #39;RE INCOMPETENT OR A LIAR FORMER BBC chief Greg Dyke has accused Tony Blair of being  quot;incompetent quot; or  quot;a liar quot; over the Iraq War. Ex-Director General Mr Dyke revealed that the Prime Minister 
UBS to Buy Schwab Units - WSJ (Reuters) Reuters - UBS AG is expected to buy Charles\Schwab Corp.'s institutional research and trading unit for  #36;265\million, the Wall Street Journal said Monday, citing unnamed\people familiar with the matter.
France Will Not Repeal Head Scarf Law (AP) AP - France will not revoke a law banning Muslim head scarves in public schools despite demands by a militant Islamic group holding two French journalists hostage in Iraq, the government spokesman said Monday.
Australia's Oct. 9 Election Marathon Begins (Reuters) Reuters - Australian politicians set\off on a marathon campaign Monday for an election that will\focus on the way forward for one of the world's strongest\economies, the credibility of candidates and support for the\Iraq war.
Greece was game ATHENS -- Nobody wanted to leave. If they could have, everybody would have stayed inside the stadium all night dancing to bouzouki music under the full moon.
Confident owner never hedged OK, class, a pop quiz before the start of school. Two months ago today, in the aftermath of an eight-run loss to the Yankees that had the Nation down in the mouth, one astute observer rendered the following opinion:
Sprained ankle hampers Sheffield New York Yankees right fielder Gary Sheffield is listed as day to day after spraining his left ankle in the ninth inning Saturday night in Toronto. Sheffield, hitting .297 with 33 homers and 98 RBIs, hobbled off the field after jamming the ankle on third base. X-rays were negative. Although Sheffield said he could have played, Yankees manager Joe Torre ...
Sea change: Curacao on top of the world SOUTH WILLIAMSPORT, Pa. -- Carlos Pineda looked shaky when he started with three consecutive balls and then hit California's leadoff batter. But he got a lot better in a hurry.
NL Notables Albert Pujols of the Cardinals became the fourth player to start his major league career with four straight seasons with at least 100 RBIs, joining Hall of Famers Al Simmons , Joe DiMaggio , and Ted Williams .
Ramirez a big hit in return to lineup The way things have turned their way in recent weeks, the Red Sox seemed strong enough to overcome even the loss of Manny Ramirez to an injury. But they were grateful just the same when the slugger returned yesterday after missing only one game with a left knee contusion.
Coughlin goes with Warner Eli Manning remains the New York Giants' quarterback of the future. For now, the job belongs to Kurt Warner . Briefly citing Warner's experience and recent play, coach Tom Coughlin announced yesterday that the two-time MVP had beaten out the No. 1 pick in the NFL Draft for the starting job in the season opener at Philadelphia Sept. 12.
Close but no hurrah Taylor Twellman is experiencing his least-productive season with the Revolution, but the striker is displaying flashes of his former self. His scoring instincts and timing appear to have returned.
USC looked out for No. 1 The trouble with preseason rankings in college football is that they are just that, preseason. It's not like the National Football League, where if last year's champion returns most of its players, one can make an assumption the team will be very good. But it's different in college. The cast of characters is always changing, as players graduate, leave, get ...
A major triumph for Stadler in Tradition Craig Stadler closed with four straight birdies in a round of 5-under-par 67 to earn a one-shot victory at the Tradition in Aloha, Ore., and claim his second triumph in a major tournament on the Champions Tour.
Growing pains at U.S. Genomics When Eugene Chan dropped out of Harvard Medical School in 1997 to start U.S. Genomics, his vision was to create a turbocharged DNA reader. Give the machine a drop of blood, and it would sequence your very own genome. That information would help doctors diagnose not only which disease you were suffering from, but which particular variety of the disease ...
Battle brewing on the digital music front  Apple Computer Inc.'s reign as king of the digital music business is about to meet its most serious challenge as software heavyweight Microsoft Corp. prepares to enter the fray.
Mobile imaging gets an upgrade It was about a year ago that camera phones began marching into America, winning the hearts and eyes of shutterbugs everywhere.
Colleges fear XP update will jam networks Microsoft Corp.'s decision to release a major upgrade for its flagship operating system in the same month that hundreds of thousands of students are reporting to college campuses across the nation is causing a major headache for some universities.
R.I. man is barred from sending junk text-messages PROVIDENCE -- A judge granted Verizon Wireless a permanent injunction against a Rhode Island man accused of sending millions of unsolicited text-message advertisements to cellphone customers in four states.
The inspiration for change is rooted in retail They greet customers with Starbucks coffee, obsess over the exact placement of their teller counters, and monitor customers' reactions to their every move. As banks become more customer focused, they are increasingly looking to retailers for ideas of how to build a better bank branch. After years of ignoring branches during the dot-com boom, banks now are giving them more ...
Officials test-launch nuclear-capable missile NEW DELHI -- India test-launched a nuclear-capable missile able to carry a 1-ton warhead yesterday, the Defense Ministry said. The weapon has a range of up to 1,560 miles -- easily within striking distance of any of India's near neighbors -- and is designed to carry both conventional and nuclear warheads. The Agni II was launched at India's test range ...
French minister is dispatched to seek release of reporters PARIS -- President Jacques Chirac dispatched his foreign minister to the Middle East yesterday to work for the release of two French reporters abducted in Iraq, vowing to spare no effort to free them from kidnappers demanding that France scrap its ban on Islamic headscarves in state schools.
Allawi describes talks with militants BAGHDAD -- Iraq's interim prime minister, Iyad Allawi, said yesterday he held private meetings with representatives of insurgent groups from the restive cities of Fallujah, Ramadi, and Samarra to persuade them to accept an amnesty offer.
Former leader's secret life disclosed MEXICO CITY -- Nine months after he disappeared under a cloud of corruption allegations at home, former Guatemalan President Alfonso Portillo is living and working in the same Mexican city he fled two decades ago to avoid arrest on murder charges, the Associated Press has learned.
Pakistani militants, Al Qaeda seen forging new deadly alliance ISLAMABAD, Pakistan -- Disguised in military-style uniforms, Pakistani extremists waited in a stolen van in the port city of Karachi near a bridge frequented by military officials, and then opened up with machine guns on the motorcade of a high-ranking general.
Free gin for UK juniper spotters The first volunteers to sign up for a survey of the endangered juniper shrub in Britain will win a free bottle of gin.
Ghana Votes for New President, Parliament  ACCRA (Reuters) - Voters in Ghana queued on Tuesday to  choose a new leader for their West African country in what was  expected to be a race between incumbent John Kufuor and  long-standing rival John Atta Mills.
Concern over Nepal disappearances \The UN and human rights groups express concern over the number of people who disappear in Nepal.
Cerberus to buy LNR Real estate investment and management company LNR Property said late Sunday it has agreed to be acquired by private investment firm Cerberus Capital Management in a cash-and-debt deal valued at \$3.
Update 1: Tokyo Broader TOPIX Index Rises for 10th Tokyo stocks closed mixed on Monday, but the strength of bank and auto maker issues helped the broader market index eke out gains for a 10th straight day - the longest upswing in 14 years.
Mitsubishi Heavy to supply wings for Boeing #39;s next-generation jet TOKYO : Japan #39;s biggest heavy machinery maker Mitsubishi Heavy Industries Ltd. said it would build a plant to manufacture wings for Boeing #39;s next-generation 7E7 Dreamliner jet, scheduled for launch in 2008.
ACCC won #39;t stop pipeline bid Australia #39;s competition watchdog has no plan to stop a bid by a consortium including gas retailer Alinta Ltd for Western Australia #39;s biggest natural gas transmission pipeline.
Human cloning debate re-ignited Britain #39;s leading academic institution is backing a campaign to stop the US banning on all forms of human cloning. The Royal Society has joined 67 other national academies urging the UN to ban the cloning 
News bytes JibJab.com, the site with the cartoon animation of President Bush and Sen. John Kerry trading barbs to the tune of  quot;This Land Is Your Land, quot; seems to be in the clear.
E-voters warned over technology SECURITY EXPERTS have rushed to warn the voting authorities in Missouri that a plan to allow the military stationed overseas to vote is shot full of holes.
Sprint Picks Apple for Content Sprint and Apple have announced a partnership designed to get content providers to connect to PCS Vision subscribers via QuickTime.
HEWITT WARMS UP IN STYLE Lleyton Hewitt warmed up for the US Open in style as he claimed his second consecutive ATP title at the TD Waterhouse Cup. Hewitt, who won the Washington title last week, beat Peru #39;s Luis Horna 6-3, 6-1 on 
Hungary retain men #39;s title with a Kiss Gergely Kiss scored the winning goal as Hungary came from behind to beat Serbia and Montenegro 8-7 to chalk up the gold medal in the men #39;s Olympic waterpolo yesterday.
Bolton beat Liverpool to stand third at the table Striker Kevin Davies scored late inthe first half to give Bolton Wanderers a 1-0 home win over Liverpool that lifted them into third place in the Premier League on Sunday.
Kabul tense after truck bombing of US security firm kills seven KABUL : A heavy security clampdown was enforced in the Afghan capital after the bombing of a US firm left at least seven dead and 28 wounded, and raised new fears about security just weeks before elections.
In fetid camps of Darfur, refugees need to know world is watching A year ago, Mornay was a pleasant little town at the foot of a hill in the heart of West Darfur. It was home to 5,000 people who ambled in its central market and worked green fields at its edge.
Suspected mercenaries may spill beans on Mann And according to their lawyer, Alwyn Griebenow, they might spill the beans on their British recruiter, who allegedly plotted a coup in Equatorial Guinea.
Australia #39;s Oct. 9 Election Marathon Begins Australian politicians set off on a marathon campaign Monday for an election that will focus on the way forward for one of the world #39;s strongest economies 
Attack Halts Oil Exports From South Iraq Oil exports from southern Iraq have come to a complete halt because of attacks on pipelines and are not likely to resume for at least a week, a senior Iraqi oil official said Monday.
Bangladesh Opposition Stages Fourth Strike in a Week, AFP Says Bangladesh #39;s opposition supporters staged their fourth strike within a week in the capital, Dhaka, in protest at an attack on a political rally that killed 20 people, Agence France-Presse reported from the city.
Ex-head of BBC blasts Blair on Iraq The BBC continued to make news rather than merely report it as its former director launched a bitter attack on Prime Minister Tony Blair and its new chief tried to lay out a 
NGOs working to topple regime, says Mugabe Harare - President Robert Mugabe has described non-government organisations in Zimbabwe as imperialists working to destabilise the nation.
Gas prices barely budge in last two weeks Oil industry analyst Trilby Lundberg said the national average price for a gallon of regular gasoline was \$1.88, an increase of a half-cent in the past two weeks.
India tests nuclear-capable missile BHUBANESHWAR, India: India on Sunday successfully tested its indigenous Agni-II ballistic missile, the military said as it announced it was armed with a shorter-range version of the nuclear-capable missile.
Locals were not killed in North Waziristan PESHAWAR: NWFP Governor Syed Iftikhar Hussain Shah on Friday rejected claims that the four men killed in a raid in North Waziristan on last Monday were local tribesmen.
U.S. Envoy Slams Serb PM on War Crimes Handovers  THE HAGUE (Reuters) - A top U.S. envoy accused Serbian  Prime Minister Vojislav Kostunica of not doing enough to arrest  leading war crimes suspects on Monday, saying Belgrade had  shown "zero cooperation" with The Hague war crimes tribunal.
It #39;s a mad, mad, mad marathon ATHENSBrazilian runner Vanderlei de Lima was 46 seconds ahead of the pack - only five kilometres from Panathinaiko Stadium and in line for a gold medal in the historic Olympic marathon race.
Sudan peace talks resume as UN deadline approaches ABUJA, nigeriaAs the UN ultimatum for Sudan to disarm murderous militias ticked down to today #39;s deadline, peace talks resumed between the Sudanese government and the rebel groups who accuse it of backing the militia attacks.
Remembering pain of Lodz after decades of forgetting LODZ, PolandSam Weinreich remembers the last time he came to Radegast train station in Poland #39;s second-largest city - the day in 1944 he was forced into a cattle car and sent to Nazi Germany #39;s Auschwitz death camp.
A sweet sixteen SERENA WILLIAMS: Serena is all-purpose with her withdrawals. She withdrew from the Acura Classic at La Costa. She withdrew from the Olympics.
Family #39;s tribute to murdered man The family of the murdered Nottingham man Marvyn Bradshaw are to gather at the spot where he was shot to mark the first anniversary of his death.
Shell, Sinopec launch 187 million dollar service station venture (AFP) AFP - Anglo-Dutch oil giant Royal Dutch/Shell and China Petroleum and Chemical Corp (Sinopec Group) have launched a 187 million dollar service station joint venture, the companies said.
UN deadline on Darfur approaches A deadline for Sudan's government to improve security in troubled Darfur is set to expire later on Monday.
Federer out to open another slammed door FLUSHING MEADOW, N.Y. -- Roger Federer was using his fingers as a comb, beginning at his forehead and gliding backward through his still-wet, mountain-man mane while trying to figure out how he could have won two consecutive Wimbledons and not have advanced beyond the fourth round in four appearances at the US Open.
A sample of things to come ATHENS -- The Games ended here last night with the last runner of the marathon making his way into Panathinaikos Stadium and the Olympic flame being doused a few hours later.
Schumacher beaten, but clinches crown Michael Schumacher even sets records by finishing second. He was runner-up to Kimi Raikkonen in the Belgian Grand Prix at Spa-Francorchamps yesterday, only the second time in 14 races this season Schumacher did not win. But he did score enough points to clinch an unprecedented seventh Formula One drivers' title.
Ward converts skeptics ATHENS -- Andre Ward never understood why he should settle for less than what he wanted, so he didn't.
US bid for medal blocked ATHENS -- They had their moments. There was the inspiring comeback against Greece, which got them not only to the semifinals, but, even better, to the  quot;Today quot; show set and a live audience with Katie Couric. There was the marked improvement in the standings from the previous meltdowns in Sydney and Atlanta.
France firm over headscarf ban A law banning headscarves in schools will stand, despite demands by a group holding two journalists in Iraq.
Bird Flu Is Back, Raising Fear of Spread Among Humans A case of avian influenza that killed an 11-month-old girl in Vietnam this month has alarmed health officials around the world.
China awards 3 contracts to upgrade rail lines BEIJING Kawasaki Heavy Industries, Alstom of France and Bombardier of Canada have won contracts to help upgrade China #39;s railway network, the official Xinhua news agency said Sunday.
Colleges fear XP update will jam networks By Brian Krebs, Special To The Washington Post  August 30, 2004. Microsoft Corp. #39;s decision to release a major upgrade for its flagship operating system in the same month that hundreds of thousands of students 
UN Supports OSS/Free Software In Developing World headisdead writes  quot;This BBC report has details of the IOSN #39;s (International Open Source Network) role in yesterday #39;s Software Freedom Day.
Torch goes out The Olympics closed with praise for the athletes and relief that the event was safe from terrorism. BY RICK MAESE / ORLANDO SENTINEL.
Golf: European Ryder Cup captain Langer explains wild card choices MUNICH, Germany : European Ryder Cup captain Bernard Langer said he plumped for Colin Montgomerie and Luke Donald as wild cards, and not Swede Fredrik Jacobson, because he thought they would perform better at the Oakland Hills golf course.
Tough Campaign Ahead for Bush #39;s Australian Ally Ending months of speculation, Australian Prime Minister John Howard has called an election for October 9, when he will become the first of the three 
Koh #39;s Death Triggers Speculation on NK Successor In the wake of reports that Koh Young-hee, the wife of North Korean leader Kim Jong-il, passed away earlier this month, experts are attempting to weigh the impact her death could have on 
Japan land deal aimed at 7E7 wing plant TOKYO - Mitsubishi Heavy Industries said today it #39;s in talks to buy a plot of land in central Japan #39;s Nagoya city from Mitsubishi Motors for building aircraft parts.
Labor claims PM #39;s Net Harbour deals breach Spam Act The federal Opposition has asked Australia #39;s spam legislation enforcers to investigate what it claims is a breach of the Spam Act 2004 by the Prime Minister, coalition politicians and a company whose directors include the Prime Minister #39;s son.
Games cross finish with bizarre twis Among the things that have occurred frequently at the 2004 Olympics: Weird happenings, and success by American athletes. In the final event of the Games last night, both were in evidence.
Andretti drivers earn 1-2-3 sweep NAZARETH, Pa. - Dan Wheldon took advantage of a fiery mishap during a pit stop by leader Sam Hornish Jr. and extended Honda #39;s winning streak to 12 races with a record-setting victory Sunday in the last race at Nazareth Speedway.
SA considers Guinea request on Thatcher South Africa #39;s Justice Ministry will on Monday begin studying a request from Equatorial Guinea to question Mark Thatcher, who has been charged in Cape Town with bankrolling an alleged coup plot to topple the government in Malabo.
Shamrock sells wireless stake (TheDeal.com) TheDeal.com - Israel's Bezeq buys back a 50 share in Pelephone Communications.
Intel claims 65 nanometre breakthrough CHIP GIANT INTEL is expected to announce today that it has succeeded in producing an SRAM using 65 nanometre technology. The chip circuit gates are also a third smaller than using the current 90 nanometre process technology, Intel will claim.
Shell, Sinopec launch US\$187m service venture Anglo-Dutch oil giant Royal Dutch/Shell and China Petroleum and Chemical Corp (Sinopec Group) have launched a US\$187-million service station joint venture, the companies said.
The neglected issue of campaign  #39;04 Iin about 15 years, and probably less, this nation #39;s retirement system will start to run a deficit, according to the Social Security #39;s trustees.
Long-Term Capital #39;s Loss in Tax Case May Help IRS Hinder Abuses Long-Term Capital Management LP, whose failure in 1998 forced a bailout by Wall Street #39;s biggest investment banks, has to pay \$56 million in tax and penalties after a judge said the hedge fund claimed an improper deduction.
China launches science satellite A recoverable science experimental satellite is launched atop a Long March 2C carrier rocket at the Jiuquan Satellite Launch Center in Gansu Province, northwest China Aug. 29, 2004.
Asia DRAM Report:Samsung Elec To Up DRAM Output Vs Flash SEOUL (Dow Jones)--A precipitous fall in prices for flash-memory chips and anticipated demand for next-generation DDR2 dynamic random access memory chips has spurred Samsung Electronics Co.
Miracle in Athens a gold-medal drama ATHENS, Greece -- If you recall, my concerns involved car bombings, kidnappings, beheadings and Al Qaeda. So when the scariest moment of the Olympics involves a defrocked, kilt-wearing Irish priest who tackles 
Europe Ryder squad settled NORD EICHENRIED, GERMANY -- Miguel Angel Jimenez of Spain won his fourth title on the European Tour this season, making three birdies in a four-hole stretch on the back nine to pull away for a two-stroke victory at the BMW International Open.
2nd place enough to give Schumacher 7th F1 title Schumacher was the runner-up to Kimi Raikkonen on Sunday in the Belgian Grand Prix in Spa-Francorchamps, only the second time in 14 races this season he didn #39;t win.
Run of birdies wins for Ochoa Kutztown, Pa. -- Lorena Ochoa birdied three of the final four holes yesterday to overcome a five-stroke disadvantage and win the Wachovia LPGA Classic.
No predicting a men #39;s winner Picking the men #39;s winner of the US Open, which will begin today in Flushing Meadows, NY, is no sure thing, based on what happened at the year #39;s two previous Grand Slam events.
The Perfect Ending Dan Wheldon #39;s win leads the Andretti Green Racing Team to a 1-2-3 finish in the final race at Nazareth Speedway. By CHUCK GIVLER.
India tests nuclear-capable Agni missile India Sunday successfully tested the nuclear capable Agni-II missile that can strike at targets as far as China. The missile, which has a range of over 2,000 km, was fired at 12.
China #39;s gross value of import and export reaches US\$ 623.1 bln During the first seven months this years China has further opened to the outside world, says Ma Kai, Director of the State Development Planning Commission.
Intel in new chip breakthrough Intel creates a more powerful memory chip without increasing its size, confounding warnings that the firm had hit its technical limits.
ONGC #39;s 10th acquisition abroad Public sector behemoth Oil and Natural Gas Corporation Ltd on Monday said it has acquired an offshore oil field in Western Australia.
Games join storied history In the posh hotel they occupy, far from the bleak, sun-baked desert that is the main Olympic complex, there must have been a whole bunch of champagne corks popping last night.
Rumors of a Death She was a stunningly beautiful dancer who caught the eye of North Korea #39;s  quot;Dear Leader quot; Kim Jong Il and became his favorite companion.
Carnival Crowds Expected to Top A Million The festival spirit of revellers at the Notting Hill carnival was praised by police today as the colourful summer spectacular entered its second day.
Asset Prices Drift in Thin European Trade  LONDON (Reuters) - Asset prices drifted sideways in Europe  Monday as a public holiday in the UK kept London closed and  sucked liquidity from the region's markets.
Pulling the PBA Out of the Gutter Rob Glaser and his geek pals from Microsoft wanted to revive pro bowling. So they bought the whole damned league. By Tom McNichol from Wired magazine.
Taliban Warns of More Attacks as Kabul Toll Rises  KABUL, Afghanistan (Reuters) - The Taliban warned Monday of  more deadly attacks in the run-up to Afghanistan's first  presidential election after a car bomb in the heart of the  capital killed at least 12 people and injured dozens more.
Singapore Rejects U.S. Sex Slavery Charges  SINGAPORE (Reuters) - Singapore has questioned a U.S.  government assessment that it has become a sex slave center and  asked Washington to back its charges with evidence.
Intel in new chip breakthrough Intel has created a more powerful memory chip without increasing its size, wrong-footing warnings that the firm had hit its technical limits.
TECH BUZZ: Stamps -- Personalized postage So what if you #39;re not Abe Lincoln or Marilyn Monroe? Now you can get your face on a stamp anyway. Stamps.com has launched a service where you can upload a photo of yourself -- or your dog or your favorite chair -- and get it sent back to you as a stamp.
Sprint, SBC Announce Wi-Fi Roaming Pact Customers of Sprint Corp. and SBC Communications Inc. will be able to use both companies #39; wireless Internet connections with less hassle under a reciprocal deal announced Friday.
Greece signs over to Beijing ATHENS - The 2004 Olympic Games officially came to an end in Athens with a spectacular closing ceremony yesterday. Greek music and dance kicked off an evening of celebration before the flame was extinguished and the flag lowered.
Hewitt serves notice heading to Open When you are as emotional as 24-year-old Luis Horna of Peru, things like courtside noises, forehands that drop off the net cord, and which ball you choose to serve with matter.
Kremlin Choice Appears to Win in Chechnya GROZNY, Russia - The Russian government's choice for president of war-battered Chechnya overwhelmingly won an election that opponents claimed was riddled with fraud, news agencies reported Monday, citing preliminary results.    Although the Kremlin portrayed Sunday's election as a step toward stability, terrorism cast a shadow over balloting with the downing of two Russian airliners five days earlier...
Sony Shows Off New Low-End Digicam \$300 Cyber-shot squeezes high-end performance into its small package.
Streaking Astros Back in Playoff Race (AP) AP - The Houston Astros turned their season around just in time for a playoff push. Jeff Bagwell and Lance Berkman sparked a testy 10-3 victory Sunday over the Chicago Cubs, and Houston took three of four at Wrigley Field to move within four games of Chicago and San Diego for the NL wild-card lead.
French FM appeals for release of hostages in Iraq (AFP) AFP - French Foreign Minister Michel Barnier made an impassioned plea to try to save the lives of two French journalists held hostage in Iraq as an ultimatum issued by their kidnappers neared expiry.
Israelis Fire Missile at Palestinians (AP) AP - An Israeli helicopter fired a missile Monday toward a car carrying four Palestinian gunmen, but missed and hit a nearby home instead, the militants said.
Tokyo Stocks Slip, Dollar Higher (AP) AP - Tokyo stocks fell Tuesday for the second straight session after new data showed Japan's economy may be headed toward another slowdown. The U.S. dollar edged higher against the Japanese yen.
Supercomputer Seeks Comeback Vector supercomputers, the original giant machines for massive computing tasks, have largely been replaced in recent years by cheaper cluster models. But the vector's maker and many researchers want a comeback.  By Nancy Gohring.
Computer Maker in an Alien World A company that makes odd-looking computers for gamers wants to expand its market. But Alienware execs wonder how many customers will appreciate the glowing alien eyes and other flourishes that have become its signature. By Michelle Delio.
When Viruses Attack A bacteria-eating virus is the star of a new video that could help researchers learn the secrets of viral infection and thereby develop better gene therapies. By Kristen Philipkoski.
A Celebration of Cell-Phone Film Filmmakers who who make tiny movies now have a festival. An independent studio is collecting entries of films made for the small screen -- the cell phone. By Daniel Terdiman.
Mozilla Launching Second Act with E-Mail Client (Ziff Davis) Ziff Davis - Fresh from its Web browser buzz, the open-source group takes on Microsoft with an e-mail application release. Can it repeat its Firefox success?
Homemade Sat Radio Software Bump A Canadian programmer who subscribes to satellite radio writes a little piece of software allowing him to record shows directly onto his PC. Then he sells the program to others. Now the RIAA and XM Radio are busy figuring out how to bust him for it.
Duke Enrollment Package: New iPod Instead of the usual Blue Devils T-shirt and ball cap, Duke University freshmen receive a free iPod engraved with the school's crest. The school hopes the devices will be used for recording lectures and capturing scientific data.
Florida Judge: Recount Votes A state rule barring Florida counties with touch-screen voting from conducting manual recounts is at odds with state law, according to an administrative law judge ruling in a lawsuit against the state.
Phone Home and Find the Way Route finders, once limited to executive autos, have become part of advanced handsets and are now being designed into mobile phones. New smartphones can load computer-like applications, adding mapping to their bag of tricks.
Next Windows Version: 2006 Target Microsoft announces Longhorn, its next version of Windows, will meet its 2006 release date. But to deliver on time for corporate client contracts, a key component -- the underlying file system for the software -- will be missing.
LNR Property Shares May Rise on Cerberus Purchase Agreement Shares in LNR Property Corp., the real estate development company spun off from Lennar Corp., may rise after the company agreed to be bought by a group led by Cerberus Capital Management LP for \$3.
ONGC acquires West Australian co, signs MOU with Karnataka Bangalore: The Oil and Natural Gas Corporation (ONGC) acquired a Canadian off-shore oilfield in West Australia yesterday, its Chairman and Managing Director, Mr Subir Raha, announced today.
Marathon result disputed The Brazilian Olympic Committee will lodge an appeal against the result of Sunday #39;s Athens marathon, after it was disrupted by a spectator.
UPDATE 1-Newcastle sack Robson as manager Newcastle United have sacked their manager Bobby Robson, the English Premier League club said on Monday.  quot;After a disappointing start to the Premier League season, the directors 
Cheek at top level Toronto Blue Jays broadcaster Tom Cheek became the seventh member of the club #39;s Level of Excellence in a ceremony held before yesterday #39;s game against the New York Yankees at the SkyDome.
OPEC to Do All It Can to Stabilize Prices The Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries is doing its best to restore order and stability to the market with reasonable prices that are acceptable to producers and consumers alike, the group #39;s president said Monday.
Angst Over Anglers In a study published Friday, a team of marine biologists finds that sport fishing accounts for nearly one-fourth of the total catch for the commercially valuable species the federal government most worries about conserving.
China launches satellite FLEDGLING space power China today launched a satellite from a remote desert region for a short-term scientific mission, state media reported.
Plan to let soldiers vote by e-mail is questioned JEFFERSON CITY - An election security expert has raised questions about Missouri Secretary of State Matt Blunt #39;s plan to let soldiers at remote duty stations or in combat areas cast their ballots with the help of e-mail.
Bobby Robson  #39;relieved of duties #39; at Newcastle Newcastle manager Bobby Robson has been  quot;relieved of his duties quot; at the lagging soccer club, Newcastle announced Monday.
No gold but Khan shows his mettle IT HAD always threatened to be a fight too far for Amir Khan, and so it proved. Up against the vastly experienced Cuban Mario Kindelan, the 17-year-old from Bolton fought gamely, but in the end lost out by 
France: Headscarf law will be applied French government refuses to yield to Iraqi kidnappers of two French reporters on law banning headscarves. By Hugh Schofield - PARIS.
US Warns Its Citizens in Afghanistan KABUL, Afghanistan Aug. 30, 2004 - The US government warned its citizens to keep a low profile Monday after a car bomb hit a private American security firm, killing up to 11 people in the deadliest attack in the Afghan capital in two years.
UN deadline on Darfur approaches A United Nations deadline is set to expire on Monday for the Sudanese authorities to improve security in the troubled Darfur region.
Pollsters refuse to write off Australian PM despite lag in polls SYDNEY : Opinion polls give Australia #39;s opposition Labor Party a big lead over Prime Minister John Howard #39;s conservative government as campaigning begins for October 9 elections, but analysts say the real race is still too close to call.
Inter-Korean Economic Talks Cancelled The 10 th round of the inter-Korean economic talks planned to start today for a four-day run in Seoul has been cancelled as Pyongyang refused to contact Seoul to coordinate meeting schedule the day prior, a government official said Monday.
Sony Shows Off New Low-End Digicam (PC World) PC World -  #36;300 Cyber-shot squeezes high-end performance into its small package.
Japan's Supreme Court clears way for MTFG and UFJ merger (AFP) AFP - Japan's Supreme Court cleared the way for UFJ Holdings and Mitsubishi Tokyo Financial Group to merge by rejecting a bid to halt the deal by Sumitomo Trust and Banking, a court spokeswoman said.
NI deal to be decided The DUP leader will continue talks today with the British Government after Sinn Fein president Gerry Adams gave his backing for an Advent agreement to revive power sharing and remove the gun forever from Northern Ireland politics.
CIA, Pentagon Officials Fight Merge Plan WASHINGTON - Opening a rare window into a secret world, the CIA and the Pentagon are publicly fighting a proposal to centralize under Defense Department control the U.S. covert paramilitary operations used increasingly in recent years in Afghanistan and elsewhere...
Athens Games: Best of Greek Past, Present ATHENS, Greece - Little things meant a lot in Athens: a tear from Mia Hamm's eye, or a smile across Jennie Finch's mouth, was as good as gold. A pair of abandoned wrestling shoes, size 13, signaled goodbye for Rulon Gardner...
Kremlin Choice Wins in Chechnya Election GROZNY, Russia - The Russian government's candidate to lead warring Chechnya easily won a presidential election held in the wake of last week's terrorist destruction of two airliners, election officials said Monday. The opposition charged voting was tainted by fraud...
UPDATE 1-Oil steadies above \$43 on Iraq exports woes US oil prices rose slightly on Monday as Iraq #39;s oil exports continued at more than 30 percent below normal after sabotage attacks on pipelines.
Marathon intruder Horan held in Athens The Irishman who was arrested after obstructing Brazilian athlete Vanderlei de Lima in the men #39;s Olympic marathon will be brought to the general district attorney #39;s office in Athens today.
Managers #39; Chief Slams  #39;Ridiculous #39; Sacking Former Newcastle defender Frank Clark blasted the ridiculous scenario which led to the Magpies dismissal of boss Sir Bobby Robson today.
Rooney war nears endgame Manchester United and Newcastle have until 1200 BST on Tuesday to secure a deal with Everton over Wayne Rooney. Everton, who play at Old Trafford in a lunchtime game on Monday, are sitting on a reputed 25m offer from the former Premiership champions.
Final flag falls at speedway By the time Dan Wheldon took the checkered flag Sunday at the Firestone Indy 225, thousands in the crowd had already begun marching toward the exits.
PM warns of ALP economic disaster Prime Minister John Howard has warned of economic disaster under a Latham Labor government - while admitting interest rates were high during his term as federal treasurer.
Bangladesh opposition unites to oust Zia government Opposition parties in Bangladesh have reportedly reached a consensus on ousting the government of Prime Minister Khaleda Zia, which it termed as being  quot;fanatic, terrorist and autocratic.
MRPL to invest Rs 1,300 crore The Mangalore Refineries and Petrochemicals Ltd (MRPL) proposed to invest Rs 1,300 crore over a period of time in improving plant and upgrading products, Oil and Natural Gas Corp Ltd (ONGC) Chairman Subir Raha said today.
Italian steals victory In an Olympic marathon marred by a bizarre intrusion, Italy #39;s Stefano Baldini surged ahead with more than three kilometres to win the gold yesterday.
Schumi admits Spa #39;s very  #39;special #39; Michael Schumacher admits there couldn #39;t have been a better place for him to wrap-up his seventh World title than at Spa, a circuit that have instrumental throughout his F1 career.
Tigers glad to leave Boston after one-sided sweep More than gladly, the Tigers left the excitement of Fenway Park and headed for the quiet of Kansas City. The nation may not be pining for yet another Tigers-Royals series, but the Tigers sure are.
WHELDON WINS INDY RACE Englishman Dan Wheldon claimed an historic Indy Racing League victory in the Indy 225 at Nazareth, Pennsylvania. Wheldon, from Emberton, got his title challenge back on track with his win in the 100th IRL race, his third victory of a superb season.
Security Chief: Iran Will Help Bring Iraqi Stability 30 August 2004 -- Iran #39;s security chief, Hasan Rowhani, has assured visiting Iraqi officials that his country is committed to cooperating on establishing security in Iraq.
African Union Urges Sudan, Rebels Overcome Impasse (Reuters) Reuters - The African Union urged\Sudan's government and Darfur rebels to remain engaged in peace\talks Monday, after negotiations foundered over what the U.N.\has called the world's worst humanitarian crisis.
Tech workers stay put as economy perks up (USATODAY.com) USATODAY.com - Tech workers are holding on to their jobs tighter than they have in more than 20 years.
Ex-Veritas CTO loads up on shares (SiliconValley.com) SiliconValley.com - Recently departed Veritas Software Chief Technology Officer Fred van den Bosch has added to his holdings in the Mountain View company's stock, at least for now.
Olympics Chief Says Zeus Smiled on Athens  ATHENS (Reuters) - Zeus and the other gods of ancient  Greece smiled on the Athens Olympic Games, whose spectacular  success surprised the world, the head of the organizing  committee said Monday.
African Union Urges Sudan, Rebels Overcome Impasse  ADDIS ABABA, Ethiopia (Reuters) - The African Union urged  Sudan's government and Darfur rebels to remain engaged in peace  talks Monday, after negotiations foundered over what the U.N.  has called the world's worst humanitarian crisis.
Cerberus to Buy LNR Property for Cash Riley Property Holdings LLC, a new company majority owned by affiliates of New York-based investment firm Cerberus Capital Management LP, agreed to purchase LNR Property Corp.
Japan #39;s Supreme Court clears way for MTFG and UFJ merger TOKYO : Japan #39;s Supreme Court cleared the way for UFJ Holdings and Mitsubishi Tokyo Financial Group to merge by rejecting a bid to halt the deal by Sumitomo Trust and Banking, a court spokeswoman said.
China needs to invest \$120 bn in power generation China needs to invest \$120 billion in the next five years to generate enough electricity to meet its huge demand for power and reduce crippling power shortages, state media said on Monday.
Italian Consumer Prices Rose in August as Oil Prices Surged Italian consumer prices rose the most in two months in August as record crude oil prices lifted transportation costs, data from Italy #39;s 13 biggest cities showed.
Audio Company Crafts New Computerized Suspension System The Framingham, Mass., company best known for audio systems and speakers, has developed a revolutionary computer-controlled suspension system that replaces the traditional shocks and springs with electronic actuators.
Danger comes in unpredictable forms ATHENS, Greece -- I could see Vanderlei de Lima of Brazil running almost straight toward me. The 5-5, 119-pound marathon competitor had started with the rest of the men in the hill town of Marathon, the place where it all began 2,494 years ago.
Schumacher Rewrites the History Books Again It was not quite business as usual for Michael Schumacher on Sunday. He was on the podium at the end of the Belgian Grand Prix but in second place.
FACTBOX-Bobby Robson factbox Following is a factbox on Bobby Robson who was sacked as Newcastle United manager on Monday. 1948: Signed as an apprentice with Middlesbrough, at the same time working at the local coal mine.
Juninho in flying start Former Boro fans #39; hero Juninho paid tribute to the Parkhead atmosphere after playing a starring role in the 1-0 Old Firm derby win over Rangers on his debut.
Halilhodzic struggling to restore PSG fortunes Vahid Halilhodzic has established a reputation as a soccer guru over the years but his coaching skills have failed to end Paris St Germain #39;s win drought this season.
Iraq oil pipeline attacks cease exports Oil exports from southern Iraq have grounded to a complete halt because of a spate of attacks on pipelines. Speaking on condition of anonymity, a senior Iraqi official from South Oil Company said oil flows 
Wall Street Plays Party Host The Republican National Convention, which opens Monday at Madison Square Garden in midtown Manhattan, is being bankrolled and feted to an extraordinary degree by the financial services behemoths that are concentrated at the island's southern tip.
Yukos faces tax payment deadline Beleaguered Russian oil giant Yukos on Monday faces a court-imposed deadline to pay a multi-billion dollar tax bill.
Peace ' key'  to lower oil prices Oil prices will only fall if global conflicts are resolved, the boss of oil producers' organisation Opec says.
Peace  #39; key #39; to lower oil prices Oil prices will only fall if global conflicts are resolved, the boss of oil prducers #39; organisation Opec has warned. Opec president Purnomo Yusgiantoro said its members were increasing production to meet high 
Crude oil price may continue downward slide Crude oil #39;s five-day plunge last week after failing to reach US\$50 a barrel convinced more traders and analysts that the price will continue to fall, according to a Bloomberg News survey.
Fires at homes in Waterford Township, Detroit leave 5 dead A house fire Sunday morning in this Detroit suburb left three family members dead about the same time that a blaze in Detroit killed two young children, police and fire officials said.
Stocks Set to Open Lower on Quiet Earnings US stock futures were moving into negative territory early Monday at the start of a quiet earnings and a noisy political week. Dow Jones futures were down 28 points recently, while Nasdaq futures declined 8 points and S amp;P futures were down 3.4 points.
MSN Music: It #39;s really about Windows Microsoft is expected to enter the online song store market this week, which should put the software giant head-to-head with Apple Computer in the music business at last.
Internet cartoon can use Guthrie song That #39;s the agreement reached between the publishers of Woody Guthrie #39;s classic This Land Is Your Land and JibJab Media, creators of an animated Internet short that uses the tune in a comic send-up of President George W. Bush and Senator John Kerry #39;s 
NBC finishes Summer Games like a champ After a disastrous performance in Sydney, NBC proved its Olympic mettle with multi-network, vastly expanded coverage that both did better and was better.
Americans in Kabul Warned after Bombing The US embassy in Kabul is advising Americans in the Afghan capital to restrict their movements after a deadly car bomb late Sunday killed about a dozen people outside the offices of a US security company.
Fact Imitates Dogs of War Fiction Frederick Forsyth wrote it up as The Dogs of War, and set it in Equatorial Guinea here: A rag-tag band of mercenaries, recruited by a British elite, tries to seize control of a mineral-rich, African backwater.
Palestinian girl wounded by Israeli missile as mother of prisoner &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; An Israeli gunship helicopter on Monday fired a missile toward a car carrying four Palestinian activists, but missed and hit a nearby home instead.
Ex-treasurer of Japan party faction arrested A former treasurer of the Japanese ruling party #39;s largest faction was arrested yesterday, media reports said, in a widening political donations scandal that forced ex-Prime Minister Ryutaro Hashimoto to quit as the faction #39;s head last month.
Negroponte Wants More Funds for Iraqi Security --WSJ  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The new U.S. ambassador to Iraq wants  to shift \$3.37 billion in aid earmarked for water, sewage and  electricity projects in the country to efforts to improve  Iraq's security and oil output and create more jobs, the Wall  Street Journal reported on Monday.
OutKast triumph at MTV Awards Hip-hop duo OutKast and rapper Jay-Z are among the main winners at the 2004 MTV Video Music Awards. 
Video's Virtual  Wonderland (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - Again this year, we offer the video-game shopper a cheat sheet identifying some of the top titles of the holiday season. Keep in mind that weird tastes abound and some are reflected on this list, which is culled from hundreds of games released in time for the holidays.
Shell, Sinopec in China Retail Venture (Reuters) Reuters - Royal Dutch/Shell Group (RD.AS)\(SHEL.L) said it would jointly operate 180 gas stations in\China by the end of 2004, the second foreign oil major after BP\to enter the country's huge but tightly controlled retail\market.
We Owe Much to DES (Ziff Davis) Ziff Davis - DES did yeoman security service for thousands of applications, says Counterpane Internet Security CEO Bruce Schneier.
Berlusconi knocked out by left in tackle by Blair (AFP) AFP - Prime Minister Tony Blair kicked his Italian host Silvio Berlusconi so hard on the left knee during a game of soccer earlier this month that the Italian premier had to have the injury scanned at a hospital near his vacation villa in Sardinia.
Israel Plan to Use Settlement As Hospital (AP) AP - Israel has proposed leaving a Gaza settlement intact to be used as a hospital after an Israeli pullout, and wants to sell an industrial zone on the edge of the coastal strip to international bodies, Israeli officials said.
IBM Provides Developers with Free Cloudscape Resources (Ziff Davis) Ziff Davis - IBM announces a set of free tools and support for developers using its Java relational database, also now known as Derby.
TISCALI ANNOUNCES SELLS OFF SWEDISH SUBSIDIARY FOR 13 MLN (AGI) - Rome, Aug. 30 - Tiscali has reached an agreement to sell off its Swedish subsidiary, Tiscali AB to Spray Network AB, a company controlled by Lycos Europe.
Stocks Seen Sliding as Oil Moves Higher  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks are set to open lower on  Monday with oil prices pushing higher and Wall Street on edge  as the Republican National Convention gets underway in New York  amid heightened security concerns.
European Shares Drift Down in Thin Trade  LONDON (Reuters) - European stocks were slightly lower by  mid-day in holiday-hit trading on Monday, with crude oil rises  weighing on shares, though Sanofi-Aventis gained on the result  of trials of an anti-obesity drug.
'Great Escape' from Athens Runs Smoothly  ATHENS (Reuters) - Hundreds of thousands of Olympic  athletes and visitors began what Greek media termed the "Great  Escape" from Athens Monday, an exodus that has so far run as  smoothly as the Games themselves.
Flexitronics acquires India #39;s Future Software CHENNAI - Singapore-based electronics contract maker Flexitronics has acquired telecom software solutions firm Future Software Ltd for an undisclosed amount.
WestLB to sell travel firm stake German bank WestLB is to sell its stake in  Europe's largest travel group TUI, owners of the Thomson and Lunn Poly brands.
Stocks Set to Open Lower on Quiet Earnings NEW YORK - U.S stock futures were moving into negative territory early Monday at the start of a quiet earnings and a noisy political week.    Dow Jones futures were down 28 points recently, while Nasdaq futures declined 8 points and S P futures were down 3.4 points...
Schwab said to sell capital markets business to UBS LONDON (CBS.MW) - US stock futures were tracking lower on Monday, indicating expectations for a weaker start despite a couple of anticipated deals.
Income Tax to Be Cut by 1 point to Boost Economy The ruling Uri Party on Monday proposed an income tax cut by one percentage point and additional government spending of 5.5 trillion won next year in a policy bid to stimulate the economy.
Orion hopes super PCs are stars If you need a supercomputer on your desktop, Orion Multisystems has a machine for you. Aiming at scientists and engineers who need to do serious data crunching, the Santa Clara start-up will 
Silver finale for USA In the last event of the 2004 Olympic Games, the United States track team produced one last surprise. Meb Keflezighi, a native of Eritrea who moved to the United States as 
Allardyce makes most of meagre resources Sam Allardyce is continuing to prove you do not have to spend millions to feast at the top table. The Bolton manager #39;s ethic is simple.
Air Force Awards Tablet PC Project If you've ever had a portable computer shut down because the battery went dead, you should know the Air Force shares your problem. And it's trying to solve it, too.
Hong Kong Economy Grows 12 Percent in 2nd Quarter Hong Kong is celebrating better than expected economic figures while China has started its first financial bailout of a private company.
JackBe's Technology Cuts to the Quick Several years ago, two Mexican brothers took out credit card loans to start JackBe Corp., providing software that helps companies perform business over the Web more efficiently and securely.
In Dorms, a Method to The Matches Computer-based matching system helps students to find the most compatible roommates.
Don't regulate RFID--yet Industry deserves a chance to act responsibly, CNET News.com's Declan McCullagh says, before ill-informed legislators step in.
Intel: Half-billion on a chip Intel Corp. is on track to introduce the world #39;s most advanced chip production technology in its products next year, the largest semiconductor maker said.
Update 3: Japan Court Approves UFJ-Mitsubishi Talks Japan #39;s Supreme Court on Monday said merger talks could proceed between troubled UFJ Holdings Inc. and Mitsubishi Tokyo Group Inc.
Orion belts out desktop cluster workstations A CALIFORNIAN company announced two different versions of cluster workstations which, it claims, will give supercomputer abilities for professionals who need to number crunch in a non-trivial way.
French Officials to Visit Baghdad To Seek Release of Journalists French Foreign Minister Michel Barnier says government officials will go to Baghdad to work for the release of two French journalists abducted in the Iraqi capital.
Typhoon Chaba pounds southern Japan, leaving two dead TOKYO : Powerful typhoon Chaba, packing winds of up to 90 miles (144 kilometres) per hour, pounded Japan #39;s main southern island of Kyushu, killing at least two people and injuring more than 30.
Oil Prices Edge Up on Iraq Exports Woes (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. oil prices rose on Monday as Iraq's\oil exports continued at more than 30 percent below normal\after sabotage attacks on pipelines.
European Shares Drift Down in Thin Trade (Reuters) Reuters - European stocks were slightly lower by\mid-day in holiday-hit trading on Monday, with crude oil rises\weighing on shares, though Sanofi-Aventis gained on the result\of trials of an anti-obesity drug.
First Industrial Realty Raises Forecast (Reuters) Reuters - First Industrial Realty Trust (FR.N)\on Monday raised its profit forecast for the third quarter and\full year, citing higher gains from the sale of properties\owned by its joint venture.
Al-Qaeda claims attack on US consulate in Jeddah: website (AFP) AFP - The Saudi branch of Osama bin Laden's Al-Qaeda terror group used an Islamist web site to claim an unprecedented attack on the US consulate in the Saudi port of Jeddah, stating that some assailants had managed to flee after the operation.
UBS Reportedly to Buy Schwab Units  NEW YORK (Reuters) - UBS AG is expected to buy Charles  Schwab Corp.'s institutional research and trading unit for \$265  million, the Wall Street Journal said Monday, citing unnamed  people familiar with the matter.
Internet Turns 35, Still Work in Progress Thirty-five years after computer scientists at UCLA linked two bulky computers using a 15-foot gray cable, testing a new way for exchanging data over networks, what would ultimately become the Internet remains a work in progress.
Yahoo Pares Google Stake, Sells \$191M Yahoo Inc. said Friday it sold \$191 million in Google Inc. stock in that company's initial public offering, cashing out some of the 2.7 million shares Google gave Yahoo this month to settle two disputes.
E-Mail Voting Prompts Security Concerns Missouri will allow members of the military stationed overseas to return absentee ballots via e-mail, raising concerns from Internet security experts about fraud and ballot secrecy.
Court Tosses VeriSign Suit Vs. Overseers A federal judge dismissed an antitrust complaint against a key Internet oversight group brought by a company that controls directories for guiding Internet users worldwide.
Israeli, Palestinian Killed in Gaza Clash (AP) AP - Islamic militants set off explosives in a booby-trapped chicken coop Tuesday as Israeli troops approached, killing one soldier and wounding four, the army and militants said.
Oil  amp; Natural Gas Buys 55 Stake in Australian Block (Update1) Oil  amp; Natural Gas Corp., India #39;s biggest oil producer, bought 55 percent of an oil exploration area off the coast of Western Australia from Calgary-based Antrim Energy Inc.
Wall Street set for soft start Wall Street is set to open lower on Monday, as a dearth of corporate news and wariness ahead of economic data later in the week keep investors out of the market.
Shell, Sinopec in China Retail Venture Royal Dutch/Shell Group (RD.AS: Quote, Profile, Research) (SHEL.L: Quote, Profile, Research) said it would jointly operate 180 gas stations in China by the end of 2004, the 
Pakistan Economy Should Grow 6 Percent Pakistan #39;s economy is set to grow more than 6 percent this fiscal year, despite the threat of inflation, a weakening currency and pressure on its balance of payments, a World Bank official said Monday.
UBS bank to snap up Schwab research unit Paris - Swiss bank UBS is expected to purchase Charles Schwab Corporation #39;s capital markets business and its SoundView Technology stock-research operation for \$265 million (R1.
Novartis: FDA Wants More Certican Details Swiss drug maker Novartis Pharma AG said Monday that the Food and Drug Administration has again requested more information on the company #39;s Certican treatment, when used in combination with Neoral, to prevent heart and kidney transplant rejection episodes 
Royal Society fights all-out cloning ban BRITAINS leading academic institution is backing an international campaign to stop the United States securing an international ban on all forms of human cloning.
Sprint, SBC announce Wi-Fi sharing agreement KANSAS CITY, Mo. -- Customers of Sprint Corp. and SBC Communications Inc. will be able to use both companies #39; wireless Internet connections with less hassle under a reciprocal deal announced Friday.
Boxing: Khan will keep feet on ground TEENAGE boxing sensation Amir Khan punched is way to an Olympic silver medal yesterday - then worried about his homework and passing his driving test.
It will take four months to get it right says Benitez Liverpool boss Rafael Benitez said it will take up to four months before they have a strong team following their 1-0 Premiership defeat at Bolton where their Spanish debutants were on show.
France refuses Iraqi kidnappers #39; ultimatum The French government today refused to bow to the demands of militants who have kidnapped two French journalists in Iraq, insisting that a law banning Muslim headscarves in school would go ahead.
Nigerian troops leave for Darfur Nigerian troops left for Sudan #39;s Darfur province on Monday as part of an African Union force mandated for the conflict-torn region, military officials said.
Iraq says southern oil exports stable BASRA, Iraq : Crude oil exports from southern Iraq were stable at around 1.5 million barrels a day despite several recent attacks on pipelines, a South Oil Company official said.
Technical tune to Agni test before talks New Delhi, Aug. 29: The test-firing of Agni II has little to do with sending diplomatic messages and everything to do with technical requirements, Indian military sources said.
Vietnam Marks Independence with Pardons for Prisoners (Reuters) Reuters - Vietnam has released nearly 9,000\prisoners, including 10 inmates whose cases it says had drawn\international attention, as part of traditional pardons granted\ahead of independence celebrations on September 2.
Stocks Set to Open Lower as Oil Rises  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks are set to open lower on  Monday with oil prices climbing higher and Wall Street on edge  as the Republican National Convention gets underway in New York  City amid heightened security concerns.
Dollar Mixed Ahead of U.S. Data Deluge  LONDON (Reuters) - The dollar rose against the yen but  eased from three-week highs against the euro on Monday as  investors waited for key economic data this week to shed light  on the health of the U.S. recovery.
France Races Against Clock in Iraq Hostage Crisis  CAIRO (Reuters) - France scrambled to secure the freedom of  two French journalists kidnapped by Iraqi militants who gave  Paris until Monday evening to drop its controversial ban on  Muslim headscarves in schools.
Bills Edge Into Playoff Contention (AP) AP - Coach Mike Mularkey refuses to do the playoff math because it's way too complicated to consider where his Buffalo Bills might fit into the equation.
Bolton 1 - 0 Liverpool .: 1000 #39;s of Liverpool fans have joined the best unofficial Liverpool FC website on the planet - why dont you? Liverpool suffered their first League loss of the season as Kevin Davies led Bolton to third place in the table with a first-half winner.
France Races Against Clock in Iraq Hostage Crisis France scrambled to secure the freedom of two French journalists kidnapped by Iraqi militants who gave Paris until Monday evening to drop its controversial ban on Muslim headscarves in schools.
Deadly weekend fires kill 5 (08/30/04)-- A house fire in Oakland County #39;s Waterford Township has claimed the lives of a township police officer and his wife and child.
Atlas Copco to Sell Electric Tool Business STOCKHOLM, Sweden - Swedish engineering company Atlas Copco Group is selling its electric tool business which includes Milwaukee Electric Tool in the United States to Hong Kong-based Techtronic Industries Co.
Brussels probes Vivendi tax scheme The European Commission on Friday said it was scrutinising a French tax scheme under which Vivendi Universal unlocked 3.8 billion (\$4.
New Orion workstation puts cluster in a box A new company thinks it has the answer to the complaints of scientists and engineers looking for high-performance computing (HPC) on the desktop.
Big buzz over coming iMac With Apple Computer #39;s next iMac expected to be unveiled this week, Mac fan Web sites are buzzing with speculation over the design.
Piquionne Brace Keeps PSG Winless St. Etienne striker Frederic Piquionne fired his second goal of the evening near the death to earn the esteemed risers a 2-2 draw at Paris St.
Davies exploits Liverpool #39;s lack of adventure The new Liverpool are already looking remarkably similar to the previous Liverpool - right down to the scowl on Steven Gerrard #39;s face.
Clock ticks down for French hostages, Iraq government in security &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; BAGHDAD : The clock was ticking down for two French hostages whose Islamist abductors have served Paris with an ultimatum to lift a ban on Muslim headscarves in schools, while Iraq #39;s government continued efforts to end the chaos prevailing in the country.
Five Killed as Typhoon Tears Across Southern Japan Typhoon Chaba tore across southwestern Japan Monday, killing at least five people and knocking out electricity for thousands as it swirled its way north, dumping heavy rain and whipping up huge seas.
Retail sales in Japan show modest rise in July TOKYO Japanese retail sales rose in July after three months of declines, the government said Monday, as higher-than-usual temperatures spurred demand for summer clothing and drinks and as consumers bought televisions to watch the Olympics.
German referendum on EU constitution unlikely but not impossible Germany could hold a referendum to approve the European Union #39;s new constitution if changes can be made to its own basic law in time for such a vote, a government spokesman said Monday.
US signs \$468 mn development deal with Indonesia The US government on Monday signed agreements to provide Indonesia with 468 million dollars to develop its creaking health, education and environment sectors.
Frustrated chimp takes up smoking Sexual frustration has driven a mild-mannered chimpanzee to take up smoking and spitting, according to China #39;s Xinhua news agency.
Oil prices edge higher US oil prices edged higher Monday as Iraq #39;s oil exports continued at more than 30 percent below normal after sabotage attacks on pipelines.
Corporate pension troubles show signs of worsening NEW YORK - The corporate pension crisis seems to be going from bad to worse. First, companies struggled to come up with the money to cover their benefit obligations, and now they want to ditch their plans altogether.
Atlas Copco to sell electric tool business STOCKHOLM, Sweden -- Swedish engineering company Atlas Copco Group is selling its electric tool business which includes Milwaukee Electric Tool in the United States to Hong Kong-based Techtronic Industries Co.
World ban on human cloning, UK stands up to US pressure Great Britains best scientists are standing up to American government pressure to get a worldwide ban on all types of human cloning by backing an international campaign against American efforts.
Schumacher  #39;will race on #39; Michael Schumacher has no plans to retire after winning his seventh world title, says Ferrari boss Jean Todt. The 35-year-old German clinched his fifth-straight championship after finishing second behind McLaren #39;s Kimi Raikkonen in the Belgian Grand Prix.
Arab League chief urges release of French hostages Arab League Secretary General Amr Moussa on Monday urged the release of the two French journalists kidnapped by Islamic militants in Iraq.
US Airways, pilots union reopen talks No. 7 carrier must reach agreements with unions before Sept. 30, when it risks violating loan terms. NEW YORK (Reuters) - US Airways #39; pilots union leaders said Monday they proposed new contract terms to management 
Sinopec 2nd-Quarter Profit Rises 92 on Fuel Demand (Update3) China Petroleum  amp; Chemical Corp., Asia #39;s biggest oil refiner, had a 92 percent increase in second- quarter profit on rising demand for fuel from China #39;s motorists and power generators.
Longhorn #39;s loss may be some users #39; gain Microsoft Corp. #39;s retreat from its Longhorn ambitions and its decision to add several Longhorn technologies to Windows XP and Windows Server 2003 may rob the next Windows release 
A renaissance for the workstation? Santa Clara, Calif.-based Orion Multisystems has come up with a new type of workstation that can hold several processors clustered together for greater power.
Cuba Sends Seven to the Gold-Medal Round Cuba put seven of its eight boxers into this weekend #39;s Olympic boxing finals and has an opportunity to equal the seven boxing golds it won in the 
Ochoa will ride hot streak to Rail The problem was, the tournament was being shown on tape delay in Guadalajara, Mexico, and her mother couldnt understand why she was so giddy.
Iraq seeks to mend relations with Iran Iraq is stepping up efforts to improve relations with neighbouring Iran, which has been highly critical of the military action against Shiite militias in Iraq.
Consumer Spending Rebounds Sharply (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. consumer spending rebounded\sharply July, government data showed on Monday, erasing the\disappointment of June and bolstering hopes that the U.S.\economy has recovered from its recent soft spot.
Stocks Set to Open Lower as Oil Rises (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. stocks are set to open lower on\Monday with oil prices climbing higher and Wall Street on edge\as the Republican National Convention gets underway in New York\City amid heightened security concerns.
France will not repeal head scarf law despite demands from kidnappers in Iraq (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - PARIS (AP) - France will not revoke a law banning Muslim head scarves in public schools despite demands by a militant Islamic group holding two French journalists hostage in Iraq, a government spokesman said Monday.
Before-the-Bell: Accredo Health Drops  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Shares of Accredo Health Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=ACDO.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;ACDO.O&lt;/A&gt;  sank in trade before the opening bell after the provider of  pharmacy and treatment services for patients with chronic  illnesses slashed its fiscal 2005 profit forecast.
Tyson Cuts Fiscal 2004 Earnings Forecast  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Tyson Foods Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=TSN.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;TSN.N&lt;/A&gt; on Monday cut  its fiscal 2004 earnings forecast because of  weaker-than-expected demand for chicken and beef and  unexpectedly steep raw material costs.
China's Hero leads US box office The Chinese martial arts epic Hero, starring Jet Li, takes top spot at the box office in the US and Canada.
France Appeals for Hostages' Release CAIRO, Egypt - France's foreign minister appealed Monday for the release of two French journalists abducted in Baghdad, saying the French respect all religions. He did not rule out traveling to Baghdad...
The Pathway Less Traveled Astronauts have long known that space travel is a good way to diet. The excitement of launch. Thrilling vistas seen from Earth orbit. Floating weightless. Maybe a touch of motion sickness. Who can eat at a time like that? 
Chocolate Shown to Help Blood Vessels By EMMA ROSS    MUNICH, Germany (AP) -- There's more good news for chocolate lovers. Scientists have found that eating dark chocolate appears to improve the function of important cells lining the wall of blood vessels for at least three hours...
Causes of Heart Disease Seen Same Worldwide The causes of heart disease are surprisingly the same in every region and race, and stress seems to play a more important role in heart attacks than previously recognized, a major new study has found.
Scientists May Use Drugs to Stop Addiction By MALCOLM RITTER    NEW YORK (AP) -- Can Prozac help you kick cocaine? Can Ritalin? How about a blood pressure pill or medicine for muscle spasms? If you're an alcoholic, could you get help staying sober by taking an anti-nausea drug used by cancer patients?    Scientists are exploring those questions right now. In fact, in the field of addiction medicine, one of the hottest sources of new drugs is .....
New Orion workstation puts cluster in a box A new company thinks it has the answer to the complaints of scientists and engineers looking for high-performance computing (HPC) on the desktop. The Orion Cluster Workstation packs the power of a PC cluster into a desktop-size package using low-power chips and an innovative motherboard design.
Power cuts key for Intel at 65 nanometers Intel Corp.'s 65-nanometer process technology will not be very different from its 90-nanometer process technology, which should help make for a smoother transition between the two manufacturing techniques in 2005, according to a briefing from an Intel manufacturing executive last week.
Overcoming the piracy stigma in China SHANGHAI -- Walk into the access-controlled room full of software developers at Bleum Inc.'s headquarters here and you can't miss the slogan written in large blue and black letters that stretches across the far wall: "Protect our customer."
Ghana Votes for New President, Parliament (Reuters) Reuters - Voters in Ghana queued on Tuesday to\choose a new leader for their West African country in what was\expected to be a race between incumbent John Kufuor and\long-standing rival John Atta Mills.
Longhorn's loss may be some users' gain Microsoft Corp.'s retreat from its Longhorn ambitions and its decision to add several Longhorn technologies to Windows XP and Windows Server 2003 may rob the next Windows release of its glamor, but users and developers gain more than they lose, some observers said Friday.
California cities, counties sue Microsoft Six California counties and cities on Friday filed a class action lawsuit against Microsoft Corp. accusing the software giant of violating California law with anti-competitive business practices.&lt;p&gt;ADVERTISEMENT&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;&lt;img src="http://ad.doubleclick.net/ad/idg.us.ifw.general/ibmpseries;sz=1x1;ord=200301151450?" width="1" height="1" border="0"/&gt;&lt;a href="http://ad.doubleclick.net/clk;9824455;9690404;u?http://ad.doubleclick.net/clk;9473681;9688522;d?http://www.ibm.com/servers/eserver/pseries/campaigns/boardroom/index.html?ca=pSeries met=boardroom me=E P_Creative=P_InfoW_RSS"&gt;Introducing IBM eServer p5 systems.&lt;/a&gt;&lt;br/&gt;Powered by IBMs most advanced 64-bit microprocessor (POWER5(tm)), p5 systems can run UNIX and Linux simultaneously. Learn more about eServer p5 systems.&lt;/p&gt;
Startup Company Launching Web-To-TV Video Service By MAY WONG    SAN MATEO, Calif. (AP) -- The promise of Internet-based video has long been hamstrung by copyright and piracy worries, slow dial-up connections, technical challenges and consumer disdain for watching blotchy videos on their home computers...
Intel Announces Milestone for Shrinking Chips By MATTHEW FORDAHL    SAN JOSE, Calif. (AP) -- Contradicting fears that the semiconductor industry's pace of development is slowing, Intel Corp...
Tyson Cuts Fiscal 2004 Earnings Forecast Tyson Foods Inc. (TSN.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Monday cut its fiscal 2004 earnings forecast because of weaker-than-expected demand for chicken and beef and unexpectedly steep raw material costs.
Shelley #39;s lost political capital AN AIR OF DESPERATION was as evident as the sweat on his brow when Secretary of State Kevin Shelley met with The Chronicle last week, as the career officeholder explained away his actions as if he were a political novice.
Dress like Anna Nicole Smith Called  #39;Anna Nicole, #39; the new clothing line said to be inspired by her inimitable  #39;Tex-sex #39; style. NEW YORK (CNN/Money) - TV star and Trimspa diet spokeswoman Anna Nicole Smith #39;s latest effort at self-promotion 
Siberian cubs get radio collars Tiny endangered tiger cubs from Siberia have been kitted out with radio collars so that scientists can track them. They are the youngest tigers to wear the special elastic collars, says the Wildlife Conservation Society (WCS).
Defrocked Irish priest gets one-year suspended sentence : A misdemeanor court convicted a defrocked Irish priest for tackling the marathon leader during the Olympic race and on Monday gave him a one-year suspended sentence.
Typhoon hits southwestern Japan, kills 5 Powerful Typhoon Chaba hit southwestern Japan on Monday, leaving five people dead, 54 injured, and four freighter crew members missing since Sunday, and paralyzing transportation systems in the region.
Peace talks face troubles in Sadr on weapons handover Peace talks between the Iraqi government and the office of radical Shiite cleric Moqtada al-Sadron his army #39;s weapons were facing troubles, the Dubai-based al-Arabiya TV channel reported Monday.
Croc  #39;drawn to women #39; A NORTHERN Territory ranger has raised the possibility that the menstrual cycle of a female German backpacker may have attracted the 4.6m crocodile that killed her in Kakadu National Park two years ago.
ONGC #39;s 10th acquisition abroad ONGC Videsh Ltd, the overseas arm of state-run Oil and Natural Gas Corp, has acquired a majority stake in an oil block in Australia.
After Delays, Intel Points to Chip-Making Advance (Reuters) Reuters - Intel Corp. (INTC.O) is on track\to introduce the world's most advanced chip production\technology in its products next year, the largest semiconductor\maker said on Sunday.
After Delays, Intel Points to Chip-Making Advance  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Intel Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=INTC.O qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;INTC.O&lt;/A&gt; is on track  to introduce the world's most advanced chip production  technology in its products next year, the largest semiconductor  maker said on Sunday.
Accredo Health Shares Fall After Cutting 2005 Earnings Forecast Shares of Accredo Health Inc., which sells drugs to patients with hard-to-treat diseases such as hemophilia and multiple sclerosis, dropped 28 percent after the company said profit in 2005 will fall.
Cerberus to buy LNR Property for \$3.8 bn NEW YORK, August 30 (New Ratings) - LNR Property Corporation (LNR.NYS) has reportedly agreed to be acquired by Riley Property Holdings LLC for about \$3.
Keeping Score: Bush #39;s promises Four years ago, candidate George Bush issued a steady stream of promises to win votes. The promises were big and small, widely embraced and bitterly opposed.
Sprint, SBC in Wi-Fi roaming pact KANSAS CITY, Mo. - Customers of Sprint Corp. and SBC Communications Inc. will be able to use both companies #39; wireless Internet connections with less hassle under a reciprocal deal announced Friday.
New head #39;s goals will be tall order for MIT On her first day as president-elect of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Susan Hockfield declared with sweeping ambition Thursday that she wants 
Death toll rises in Afghan terror attack The death toll from yesterday #39;s car-bomb attack in Afghanistan has climbed to eleven -- including three Americans. Taliban rebels are claiming responsibility for the blast outside 
Philippine Flood Toll Hits 29, Survivors Hunt Rats Philippine rescue teams evacuated thousands of people from the worst flooding in the central Luzon region since the 1970s as hungry victims hunted rats and birds for food.
Motive gives single view of distributed apps An emerging trend in application management software is the capability to view distributed applications, deployed on many tiers, as a single entity. Putting the new approach to work, management software vendor Motive will launch three products to help manage distributed applications: Motive Profile, Motive Triage, and Motive Resolution.
Tightening the grip on message security Prompted by government regulations, endless spam, and increasingly potent e-mail viruses, many enterprises are looking to tighten the cinch around messaging security.
IBM to help Cloudscape developers IBM on Monday will unveil free developer resources for Cloudscape, a small-footprint, Java-based database that the company recently contributed to the Apache Software Foundation as an open source project.
Cisco warns of IOS flaw Cisco Systems Inc. warned of another security vulnerability to its products last week, one that could allow an attacker to disable remote administration access to a Cisco device running IOS.
Intel announces milestone in shrinking chips SAN JOSE, Calif. Semiconductor company Intel says it has made a breakthrough development in shrinking the size of chips. The Santa Clara-based company announced today it has created a fully functional 70 megabit 
Consumer Spending Rebounds Sharply US consumer spending rebounded sharply July, government data showed on Monday, erasing the disappointment of June and bolstering hopes that the US economy has recovered from its recent soft spot.
After Delays, Intel Points to Chip-Making Advance Intel Corp. (INTC.O: Quote, Profile, Research) is on track to introduce the world #39;s most advanced chip production technology in its products next year, the largest semiconductor maker said on Sunday.
Windows XP users should download Service Pack 2 With the latest update to Microsoft Corp. #39;s Windows XP operating system, personal computers join parents, bosses, teachers and spouses as a source of nagging in your life.
Cisco gear subject to DoS attack Cisco Systems last week warned that a denial of service (DoS) vulnerability exists for its products. The threat affects all Cisco products running the vendor #39;s Internetwork Operating System (IOS).
WHAT TO WEAR It #39;s hard for Serena Williams not to consider herself the US Open #39;s defending champion. That honor is held by Justine Henin-Hardenne, who captured the Open crown last September when the Williams sisters withdrew with injuries.
Inquest begins into croc attack A coronial inquest begins today into a fatal crocodile attack on a German tourist in Kakadu National Park more than 18 months ago.
Cerberus to Buy LNR for  #36;1.9 Billion (Reuters) Reuters - Private investor Cerberus Capital\Management LP has agreed to buy real estate investment and\management company LNR Property Corp. (LNR.N) for  #36;1.92 billion\in cash.
Interstate Bakeries Hires Turnaround Firm (Reuters) Reuters - Interstate Bakeries Corp. (IBC.N),\maker of Wonder bread and Hostess Twinkies, on Monday said it\hired a turnaround firm and delayed filing its annual report\with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.
Spending Rebounds, Good News for Growth  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. consumer spending rebounded  sharply July, government data showed on Monday, erasing the  disappointment of June and bolstering hopes that the U.S.  economy has recovered from its recent soft spot.
Cerberus to Buy LNR for \$1.9 Billion  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Private investor Cerberus Capital  Management LP has agreed to buy real estate investment and  management company LNR Property Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=LNR.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;LNR.N&lt;/A&gt; for \$1.92 billion  in cash.
Interstate Bakeries Hires Turnaround Firm  NEW YORK (Reuters) -  Interstate Bakeries Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=IBC.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;IBC.N&lt;/A&gt;,  maker of Wonder bread and Hostess Twinkies, on Monday said it  hired a turnaround firm and delayed filing its annual report  with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.
Accredo Cuts Forecast, Stock Plummets  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Accredo Health Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=ACDO.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;ACDO.O&lt;/A&gt;, which  provides pharmacy and treatment services for patients with  chronic illnesses, on Monday slashed its profit forecast due to  lower reimbursements from government insurers, sending its  shares down 23 percent in pre-market trade.
Sadr Aide Tells Iraq Militia to Cease Fire -- TV  BEIRUT, Lebanon (Reuters) - A top aide to Iraq's rebel  Shi'ite leader Moqtada al-Sadr called on the Mehdi Army militia  Monday to cease fire across Iraq and said Sadr was preparing to  announce plans for a major political program.
Attacks Reportedly Halt Iraq Oil Exports Oil exports from southern Iraq have been brought to a complete halt, a senior oil official said Monday, following a spate of pipeline attacks launched by insurgents trying to undermine the nation's interim government.
Consumer Spending Up 0.8 Percent in July WASHINGTON - After taking a rest in June, the nation's consumers were full of energy last month, boosting their spending by a strong 0.8 percent, a hopeful sign the economy may be emerging from a summer funk.    The over-the-month increase in consumer spending, reported by the Commerce Department on Monday, marked a turnaround from the 0.2 percent decline registered in June, when high energy prices and a sluggish job market made for more cautious buyers...
Supreme court approves UFJ-Mitsubishi Tokyo Financial merger talks NEW YORK, August 30 (New Ratings) - Japan #39;s Supreme Court has reportedly approved the merger negotiations between UFJ Holdings Inc (ticker: UFJ) and Mitsubishi Tokyo Financial Group (MTFG).
Microsoft takes on iTunes Microsoft #39;s MSN division is expected to finally enter the music business this week with a public beta of its new online music service.
Masked intruder may have killed power to SkyDome Power to the SkyDome and surrounding areas went off for about an hour yesterday afternoon, and officials say the reason could have been a raccoon in the wrong place at the wrong time.
Intel Announces Chip Shrinking Milestone Contradicting fears that the semiconductor industry's pace of development is slowing, Intel Corp. announced it has achieved a milestone in shrinking the size of transistors that will power its next-generation chips.
After delays, 3-D memory chips get closer to market Matrix Semiconductor Inc. is shipping samples of a new, cheaper memory chip that has been delayed by technological problems for nearly two years, the company said Friday.
Talks Resume Between US Airways, Pilots ARLINGTON, Va. Aug. 30, 2004 - Talks between US Airways Group Inc. and the union representing pilots have resumed, the Air Line Pilots Association said Monday.
Intel updates Centrino wireless chips, software Intel Corp. unveiled an update to its wireless networking technology Thursday, adding simpler software, improved security and support for a more robust, less interference-prone radio standard.
Manchester United held by Toffees MANCHESTER, Aug 30 (SW) - Manchester United failed to reassure their fans after extending their poor campaign start, as Alex Ferguson and his men were held to a goalless draw by Everton at old Trafford.
NHLers charged with threatening bouncer Two NHL players were arrested and charged overnight with uttering death threats and were due to appear in court in Toronto this morning, police say.
Dozens dead in Sadr City clashes At least 17 Iraqis have been killed and 96 wounded in fierce clashes between US soldiers and fighters loyal to Shia leader Muqtada al-Sadr, an Iraqi health ministry official said on Monday.
China war games may be off China has withdrawn 3,000 soldiers from a military exercise on an island facing Taiwan, prompting speculation that Beijing may have cancelled its annual war games, the Taiwan defence ministry says.
Googlicious - More Google Expansion Googlicious - Post IPO Google Expansion\\The skeptics scoffed, the Securities Exchange Commission had a fit, and the company had to halve the number of shares of the initial public offering to set a price that valued the company at roughly 120 times earnings, extravagant even by dot.com era standards.\\By the ...
Libya Seems Honest About Nuke Program -- UN Report (Reuters) Reuters - The U.N. nuclear watchdog said\in a confidential report circulated Monday that Libya appears\to have been telling the truth in its declarations on the\covert atomic weapons program that it agreed in December to\abandon.
U.S. Stocks Open Lower as Oil Looms  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks opened lower on Monday as  oil prices climbed higher, while a thinly staffed Wall Street  awaited Friday's jobs figures and remained wary with the  Republican National Convention getting underway in New York  City amid heightened security concerns.
September 11 families divided over Republican Convention (AFP) AFP - Some welcome it, some wish it would go away. Either way, relatives of victims of the September 11 attacks are closely following the Republican National Convention that opens here to formally nominate George W. Bush for president.
Japan bank mega-merger on track Japan's highest court removes a key obstacle to a proposed merger between UFJ bank and rival Mitsubishi Financial.
Talks Resume Between Airline, Pilots The Air Line Pilots Association says the pilots #39; negotiating committee met with management Sunday, a week after talks broke down.
Ciber Buys Majority Stake in Novasoft Information technology services provider Ciber Inc. said Monday that it will buy a 67 percent stake in German software consultant Novasoft AG from the company #39;s founders in a move to enter the German market.
Japan bank mega-merger on track Japan #39;s Supreme Court has ruled that UFJ bank can pull out of a deal to sell its trust business to rival Sumitomo. The ruling removes a key obstacle to a planned merger between UFJ and Mitsubishi Financial, which would create the world #39;s biggest bank.
Novartis Transplant Drug Certican Delayed by FDA (Update1) Novartis AG, Switzerland #39;s largest drugmaker, said the US Food and Drug Administration has delayed approval of its Certican transplant treatment and is seeking more information on safe and effective dosing.
Call for vast Chinese power spend China needs to invest \$120bn (67bn) over the next five years to increase electricity supplies to meet demand, a leading Chinese official has said.
PC maker bets on personal power SAN FRANCISCO Today the idea of building a custom-designed workstation computer in Silicon Valley seems quaint. In both engineering and scientific markets, inexpensive off-the-shelf systems, coupled with the 
The Genesis Payload: Just How Dangerous are its Contents? When NASAs Genesis solar-wind sample return capsule skyrockets from space next week and drops into the Utah Test and Training Range, that landmark in civilian space draws upon a once classified satellite snooping program.
That #39;s one big fat Greek goodbye ATHENSGreece said goodbye to the XXVIII Olympiad last night, staging an uproarious farewell pageant under the glow of a full moon, replete with security blimps and a swarm of police helicopters swirling overhead.
Houllier installed as favourite to succeed Robson Gerard Houllier was on Monday installed as the early favourite to succeed Sir Bobby Robson as Newcastle manager. The former Liverpool boss is being tipped to take over with Magpies skipper Alan Shearer, who 
At these Games, the big sports powers see less gold For Americans, it #39;s just as well that the Olympics came to a conclusion Sunday. Over the weekend, the ends of America #39;s almost 
France Rejects Iraqi Kidnappers #39; Demand on Scarf Ban (Update2) France said it will maintain its law banning Muslim scarves and other signs of religious belief in state schools, rejecting a demand by the Iraqi kidnappers of two French reporters for its revocation.
Howard prepares for bruising election DESCRIBING himself as the  quot;underdog quot; who is facing the biggest fight of his political career, Australias prime minister, John Howard, yesterday announced his decision to go to the polls against a man 22 years his younger.
NTT faces Softbank challenge TOKYO Softbank said on Monday that it would offer a cut-rate phone service in Japan, a move that could undermine Nippon Telegraph Telephone #39;s position as the dominant player in the country #39;s fixed-line market.
GOP Convention Protests Mostly Peaceful (AP) AP - Tens of thousands of protesters made a sweaty but jubilant five-hour march through the streets of Manhattan on the eve of the Republican National Convention for a demonstration that wound up being largely peaceful despite fears of violent skirmishes with police.
Accredo Cuts '05 Forecast, Stock Plummets  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Accredo Health Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=ACDO.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;ACDO.O&lt;/A&gt;, which  provides pharmacy and treatment services for patients with  chronic illnesses, on Monday slashed its profit forecast due to  lower reimbursements from government insurers, sending its  shares down almost 25 percent.
Sharon to Present Gaza Timetable to Mutinous Party  JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon  intends to present a timetable for withdrawal from Gaza to  lawmakers from his Likud party Tuesday despite a mutiny in the  right-wing bloc over the plan.
Irishman Gets Suspended Jail Term for Pushing Runner  ATHENS (Reuters) - A Greek court Monday gave a former Irish  priest a suspended 12-month jail sentence and a 3,000 euro fine  for pushing a leading Olympic marathon runner off the road, a  court source said.
U.S. Envoy Slams Serb PM on War Crimes Handovers (Reuters) Reuters - A top U.S. envoy accused Serbian\Prime Minister Vojislav Kostunica of not doing enough to arrest\leading war crimes suspects on Monday, saying Belgrade had\shown "zero cooperation" with The Hague war crimes tribunal.
Reprieve for jailed Indian leader India's Karnataka state government agrees to drop all charges against jailed Hindu nationalist Uma Bharti.
Microsoft's Homeland Security Efforts Tom Richey, head of homeland security efforts at Microsoft, will be online to discuss homeland security trends and Microsoft's current work in the homeland security arena. Filter columnist Cynthia L. Webb will moderate.
US July Spending Increases 0.8; Incomes Up 0.1 (Update2) US consumer spending rose 0.8 percent in July after a smaller decline in June than previously reported, a sign the economy is accelerating.
Marathon gatecrasher given suspended sentence A Greek court has given a former Irish priest a suspended 12-month jail sentence and a 3,000 euro (2,000 pound) fine for pushing a leading Olympic marathon runner off the road, a court source says.
Langer fills out a strong team for the Ryder Cup Well, it #39;s not quite great, but it might be good enough to do the job. With the conclusion of the BMW International Open on Sunday came also the final reckoning in the constitution of the Europe Ryder Cup team.
Newcastle sack manager Robson Newcastle United Football Club has sacked Sir Bobby Robson, the oldest manager in the English Premier League.  quot;After a disappointing start to the Premier League season, the directors of Newcastle United have 
First potential jurors to face questioning in Bryant case EAGLE, Colo. Lawyers in the Kobe Bryant sexual assault case will start questioning about one hundred potential jurors today. District Judge Terry Ruckriegle (RUCK #39;-ree-gull) has closed the session to the public 
Coup plot nations seeks to quiz Thatcher South Africa is considering a request by Equatorial Guinea to question Mark Thatcher about his alleged involvement in a foiled coup plot in the oil-rich west African nation.
Nonviolent protest offers little hope for Palestinians JERUSALEM The arrival in the Middle East of Arun Gandhi, preaching his grandfather Mahatma Gandhi #39;s message of love, brotherhood and nonviolence to conflict-weary Israelis and Palestinians, has raised tentative hopes that the bloody conflict may be 
Situation in Darfur region still troublesome: UN official A senior United Nations official said here Monday that the situation in the western Sudanese regionof Darfur is still troublesome.
Gartner: India's BPO market likely to lose market share BANGALORE, INDIA --India is likely to lose market share in offshore business process outsourcing (BPO), from its current 80 percent to about 55 percent by 2007, according to research firm Gartner Inc.
Consumer Spending Up 0.8 Percent in July (AP) AP - After taking a rest in June, the nation's consumers were full of energy last month, boosting their spending by a strong 0.8 percent, a hopeful sign the economy may be emerging from a summer funk.
Stocks Dip on Energy Prices, Income Report (AP) AP - Stocks fell in light trading Monday on rising energy prices and a disappointing consumer income report.
Microsoft Makes More Open-Source Overtures (Ziff Davis) Ziff Davis - Microsoft is reaching out further to the open-source community with offers of joint development and testing, but some wonder about the company's sincerity.
Pakistani Man Arrested for Acid Attack (AP) AP - Police arrested a man for allegedly throwing acid in a Pakistani courtroom on Monday, injuring his brother-in-law and four other people with burns, an official said.
Longhorn Comes Up Short (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - At long last, Microsoft has put a date on when it will release the next generation of its Windows operating system.  But the 2006 delivery of "Longhorn" will ship without the highly touted Windows File System feature, raising all sorts of questions about the future of the world's biggest software company.
Wonder Bread Baker Stock Drops 25 Percent  NEW YORK (Reuters) -  Interstate Bakeries Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=IBC.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;IBC.N&lt;/A&gt;,  maker of Wonder bread and Hostess Twinkies, on Monday said it  hired a turnaround firm, delayed filing its annual report and  outlined possible credit concerns, sending its shares tumbling  more than 25 percent.
Republicans Tap Gimmicks to Raise Cash (AP) AP - The Republican National Convention is officially President Bush's party, but fellow GOP candidates are not shy about using the days before the guest of honor's arrival to raise money for their own campaigns.
Republicans Open Convention, Plan 9/11 Tribute (Reuters) Reuters - Republicans opened their national\convention on Monday to nominate President Bush for a second\term with plans for four days of tributes to his wartime\leadership and his response to the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks.
California Cities, Counties Sue Microsoft Class action suit accuses the software giant of violating state's business code.
Al-Sadr Calls for End of Fighting in Iraq BAGHDAD, Iraq - Rebel Shiite cleric Muqtada al-Sadr called on Monday for his followers across Iraq to end fighting against U.S. and Iraqi forces, an al-Sadr aide said...
Republicans Sharpen Attacks on Kerry NEW YORK - Republicans sharpened their attacks on John Kerry ahead of the opening of their national convention Monday, with Sen. John McCain suggesting it was fair game to criticize the Democratic candidate's anti-war protests three decades ago...
Google Hack for Using GMail for File System Storage GmailFS provides a mountable Linux filesystem which uses your Gmail account as its storage medium. GmailFS is a Python application and uses the FUSE userland filesystem infrastructure to help provide the filesystem, and libgmail to communicate with Gmail.\\GmailFS supports most file operations such as read, write, open, close, stat, symlink, ...
Gwalia in \$700m hedge fire John Leevers says a review of Sons of Gwalia #39;s gold business found that  quot;resources . . . would be uneconomic at today #39;s gold prices quot;.
Verizon Granted Injunction Against Spammer Verizon Wireless today announced it was granted a permanent legal injunction against a Rhode Island spammer who sent unsolicited messages to wireless phones.
Local California Governments Sue Microsoft Four California county and city governments, including those of Los Angeles and San Francisco , sued Microsoft late last week for abusing its monopoly market power and overcharging them for Windows and various Microsoft Office products.
New Sony Walkman Can #39;t Break IPod #39;s Stride NEW YORK - If there #39;s one thing that makes Sony #39;s Network Walkman seem superior to Apple Computer #39;s iPod, at least at first glance, it #39;s the issue of size versus storage capacity.
Brands fight for Games dollars While Chinese athletics were striving for gold at the Athens Olympics, Chinese companies and international firms are competing for the business chances offered by the Games.
PSG boss feels the pressure Paris St-Germain coach Vahid Halilhodzic admits he is worried by his side #39;s poor start to the season. The point the French Ligue 1 giants gained in Sunday #39;s 2-2 draw with newly-promoted St Etienne was only 
Two NHL players charged with uttering death threats at Toronto &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; TORONTO (CP) - Two National Hockey League players were arrested overnight and charged with uttering death threats after an incident involving a nightclub doorman in downtown Toronto, police said Monday.
Sox win sixth straight The Red Sox extend their winning streak to six games with a 6-to-1 victory over the Detroit Tigers Sunday. Tim Wakefield was masterful over eight innings, allowing just three hits and one run to improve his record to 11-and-7.
300 Palestinian captives resume hunger strike after two day &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Some 300 Palestinian captives in the Israeli jail of Ashkelon on Monday resumed their open-ended hunger strike after suspending it for two days.
Longhorn Comes Up Short Microsoft finally gives us a date for the release of its Longhorn operating system, but the failure to deliver on a highly touted feature raises questions about the company's future. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-washingtonpost.com&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Ericsson ends Bluetooth hardware development Telefonaktiebolaget LM Ericsson, the company that invented and heavily promoted Bluetooth wireless technology, has decided to discontinue its design and development of new Bluetooth systems for the semiconductor industry.
OPEC says speculation to blame for high oil prices OPEC has stressed its view that high oil prices were a result of speculation and pledged to provide enough crude to calm global markets, while an energy research group warned prices could remain high for some time.
Fan Pier #39;s LNR Property to be acquired for \$3.8B Part of Boston #39;s new Fan Pier development team, Miami-based LNR Property Corp. may see shares rise after the company agreed to be acquired by a group led by Cerberus Capital Management LP for \$3.
At Deadline Briefs Microsoft Corp. announced Friday a change in plans for the next major release of Windows, which is code-named Longhorn. The new Windows storage subsystem, code-named WinFS, won #39;t be part of the Longhorn client, as previously planned.
Intel Builds Test Chip With New Process to Make Faster Circuits Intel Corp., the world #39;s biggest semiconductor maker, said it built a test chip with a new process that creates faster circuits by packing 10 million transistors into an area the size of the tip of a ball-point pen.
Pittsburgh airport may allow nonticketed shoppers A plan that would have allowed people without tickets to shop in stores at Pittsburgh International Airport has been postponed for at least two months, airport officials said.
Maria a smash hit in tennis #39; fishbowl It #39;s one thing to win Wimbledon, the biggest trophy in tennis. Quite another to live with it. By Anja Niedringhaus, AP. That is the tricky road of risk 
French minister appeals for release of hostages The French Foreign Minister has called for the release of two French journalists being held hostage by Islamist kidnappers in Iraq.
Iraq #39;s top Shiite cleric tells followers to end fighting BAGHDAD, Iraq - Rebel Shiite cleric Muqtada al-Sadr called today for his followers across Iraq to end fighting against US and Iraqi forces, an al-Sadr aide said.
Syria, the region and Lebanons presidential election The presidential election process in Lebanon has finally been put on track after much speculation regarding an amendment to the Constitution in order to give President Emile Lahoud another term.
Microsoft Trims the Fat on Longhorn Microsoft Trims the Fat on Longhorn \\On Friday Microsoft announced that it would not be shipping WinFS with its next-generation operating system Longhorn. This announcement can be viewed as either good or bad news. Good in the sense that Longhorn, for the first time has an official release date and ...
Saboteurs Hit Iraq Internal Oil Pipeline (Reuters) Reuters - Saboteurs blew up an internal oil\pipeline on the edge of Baghdad Monday, the latest in a series\of attacks on the country's internal and export pipeline\network, witnesses said.
Amsterdam Start-Up to Offer WiFi Internet Citywide (Reuters) Reuters - Amsterdam's Web surfers could soon be\liberated from their home computers and Internet cafes, with\plans by a start-up firm to make their city the first European\capital where laptops can hook up anywhere to the Web.
IBM Asks High Swiss Court to Reject Holocaust Suit (Reuters) Reuters - Computer giant IBM has asked\Switzerland's high court to block a Gypsy rights group's\attempts to sue it for allegedly helping Nazi slaughter in\World War II, lawyers said on Monday.
Consumer Spending Rebounds in July  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. consumer spending rebounded  sharply in July, government data showed on Monday, erasing the  disappointment of June and bolstering hopes that the U.S.  economy has recovered from its recent soft spot.
Caribbean Casts Wary Eye on Hurricane Frances (Reuters) Reuters - The small islands of the northern\Caribbean were on alert on Monday for a close encounter with\powerful Hurricane Frances, while the remnants of Tropical\Storm Gaston limped through North Carolina.
Stocks Slightly Lower on Light Volume  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks were slightly lower on  Monday as investors wary of security concerns were reluctant to  put new money into the market as the Republican Convention  opens in New York City and many took vacation ahead of the  Labor Day holiday.
Fuel Leak Scrubs Lockheed Atlas Florida Launch (Reuters) Reuters - About 11,000 gallons of\rocket fuel spilled during fueling of a Lockheed Martin Atlas 2\rocket on Saturday, forcing a one-day delay in the launch of\the rocket carrying a classified U.S. spy satellite, company\officials said.
Saboteurs Hit Iraq Internal Oil Pipeline  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Saboteurs blew up an internal oil  pipeline on the edge of Baghdad Monday, the latest in a series  of attacks on the country's internal and export pipeline  network, witnesses said.
Sharon to Present Gaza Timetable to Mutinous Party  JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon  intends to present a timetable for withdrawal from Gaza to  lawmakers from his Likud Party Tuesday despite a mutiny in the  right-wing bloc over the plan.
Indian droughts 'may hit economy' The Indian central bank warns that drought and the high global price of oil may force it to lower its GDP forecasts.
From Zero to Hero Disney has a Hero on its hands, but it may have showed up too late to save the day.
IBM Asks High Swiss Court to Reject Holocaust Suit  GENEVA (Reuters) - Computer giant IBM has asked  Switzerland's high court to block a Gypsy rights group's  attempts to sue it for allegedly helping Nazi slaughter in  World War II, lawyers said on Monday.
Verizon wins injunction against text spammer The individual allegedly barraged Verizon customers with spam that advertised home loans and adult Web sites\
Sony Sends Its Robots to School Humanoid devices will be used to encourage interest in science and technology.
China gives bullet-train contract to Japan BEIJING - A consortium of Japanese firms led by Kawasaki Heavy Industries Ltd. won a \$12 billion contract to provide high-speed trains to China, Xinhua news agency said on Monday.
Intel builds ultrasmall chip in test Intel, the world #39;s biggest semiconductor maker, said on Monday that it had succeeded in building a test chip that packs 10 million transistors into an area the size of the tip of a ball-point pen.
California Cities, Counties Sue Microsoft Six California counties and cities have filed a class action lawsuit against Microsoft accusing the software giant of violating California law with anti-competitive business practices.
Get Ready To Patch Installing patches to fix application and system flaws is still a major chore for businesses. With Microsoft #39;s XP SP2, they face their biggest challenge.
Verizon wins injunction against text spammer A federal judge has granted Verizon Wireless a permanent injunction in its suit against a man accused of sending unsolicited text messages to its customers.
Olympic joy in Greek, Chinese press Newspapers in Greece reflect a mixture of exhilaration that the Athens Olympics proved successful, and relief that they passed off without any major setback.
PSG continues to struggle against St. Etienne Paris, France (Sports Network) - Paris Saint Germain suffered an embarrassing home draw to St. Etienne Sunday, 2-2. PSG is winless in four games so far this season, and has only earned draws against two promoted squads.
Rural Colorado Braces for Bryant Trial Media Glare Description: Jury selection in the Kobe Bryant sexual assault trial is underway in Eagle, Colo. The celebrity trial has stirred up a legal and media frenzy that #39;s descended upon the rural county seat located high in the Rocky Mountains.
Nigeria Troops Leave For Darfur Nigeria sent over 100 troops to Sudan #39;s troubled Darfur region on Monday, its contribution to a joint force with Rwanda protecting African Union cease-fire observers.
Accredo Cuts '05 Forecast, Stock Plummets (Reuters) Reuters - Accredo Health Inc. (ACDO.O), which\provides pharmacy and treatment services for patients with\chronic illnesses, on Monday slashed its profit forecast due to\lower reimbursements from government insurers, sending its\shares down almost 25 percent.
Links Between Two Chechen Women Grows (AP) AP - They lived in the same apartment in Chechnya, worked in the same market and may have died within moments of each other on separate airliners that crashed in Russia last week.
NYC Not Likely to Be Bush's Town Nov. 2 (AP) AP - There is no "Fiddler on the Roof" at the Republicans' Madison Square Garden convention. Those are security guys with submachine guns. And while New York may be a "Wonderful Town" for President Bush  amp; Co. this convention week, it will be anything but on Nov. 2.
Japan Court Clears Way for Mega-Bank Deal  TOKYO (Reuters) - Japan's Supreme Court ruled on Monday  that troubled bank UFJ Holdings Inc. can pull out of a deal to  sell its trust business to a smaller rival, clearing the way  for a full takeover of UFJ by larger Mitsubishi Tokyo Financial  Group (MTFG).
Taliban Warns of More Attacks as Kabul Toll Rises  KABUL (Reuters) - The Taliban warned on Monday of further  deadly attacks in the run-up to Afghanistan's first  presidential election after a car bomb in the heart of the  capital killed up to a dozen people.
Doubts voiced over Chechen poll Opponents question the Chechnya election win of Alu Alkhanov, who vows to continue the war on rebels.
Gwalia on brink of collapse ONE of Australia #39;s biggest gold miners, Sons of Gwalia, has called in administrators after negotiations with its creditors collapsed.
Waterford House Fire Kills Officer, Family WATERFORD TOWNSHIP, Mich. -- A Waterford Township house fire claimed the lives of a veteran police officer and his family over the weekend.
SP2 May Spell Trouble for Agentless Patching Microsoft Corp. #39;s Windows XP Service Pack 2 has thrown patch management vendors into a tizzy. IT managers should be interested because, in an ironic twist, SP2 will likely make it harder to keep desktops and laptops up-to-date with the latest patches.
A glimpse of the business week ahead Heads up: From the summer doldrums to the September doldrums. Don #39;t get your hopes up that the stock market will spike up until oil prices come back down and the presidential election is decided, the Stock Trader #39;s Almanac advises.
Siemens issue warning over 65 series handsets Siemens has posted a warning over its latest range of mobile phones suggesting that a flaw in them may hurt user while using them.
Fuel Leak Scrubs Lockheed Atlas Florida Launch About 11,000 gallons of rocket fuel spilled during fueling of a Lockheed Martin Atlas 2 rocket on Saturday, forcing a one-day delay in the launch of the rocket carrying a classified 
Jury selection underway in Kobe Bryant Case NBA basketball star Kobe Bryant returns to court in Eagle County Monday for the first full days of questioning of the potential jurors in the case.
Strike to protest fatal grenade attack at political rally cripples &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; A general strike called to protest a recent grenade attack that killed 20 people at an opposition political rally brought Bangladesh to a near standstill Monday.
Update 1: Interstate Bakeries Misses Filing Deadline Shares of wholesale baker Interstate Bakeries Corp. plummeted about 31 percent in Monday morning trading, after the company reported that it again missed the deadline for filing its 2004 annual report with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
New broom is swept away THERE has been no sudden and dramatic change in the gold price or the Australian dollar price against the US dollar to account for a deterioration in Sons of Gwalia #39;s gold reserves serious enough to tip the company into administration.
Wishing Won #39;t Make Market Better, Bulls What #39;s the case for higher stock prices? Let #39;s examine it, on this slightly down morning, if only to remove some of the incessant gloom I feel surrounds this stock market.
RP economy grew 6.3 in first half The Philippine economy grew at a stronger-than-expected 6.2 percent in the second quarter, nearly keeping up with the pace of the surprise 6.4-percent first-quarter expansion and bringing 
Gabriel Resources to raise \$24.75 million in private placement TORONTO (CP) - Gabriel Resources Ltd. has signed a deal with Newmont Mining to raise \$24.75 million in a private placement of units to help fund development of its Romanian gold project.
Pipeline secured by Alinta syndicate ALINTA is set to emerge as part-owner and operator of the Dampier to Bunbury Natural Gas Pipeline - Australia #39;s biggest gas transmission system -n a deal that pays out the \$1.
Microsoft targets 2006 for Windows Longhorn On Friday Microsoft announced the target date for the much anticipated Windows Longhorn client operating system--broad availability for the updated operating system is targeted for 2006.
Intel crams 500M transistors on a chip A small, fully functional, 70-megabit static random access memory computer chip crammed with more than 500,000,000 transistors has been developed by researchers at Intel Corp.
First Encrypted Desktop-to-Desktop Messaging Service As a completely managed service, FrontBridge is able to implement an encrypted email solution rapidly, without the typical implementation challenges or up front capital investment required from an organization.
Microsoft to launch Windows Media Player and MSN Music Store on &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Neowin was told that Microsoft is planning to release both Windows Media Player 10 and their MSN Music Store service on Thursday. The company #39;s latest version of Media Player will feature a new design, online 
Cell Phone Maker Warns of Ear Damage After last year #39;s reports of exploding batteries in Nokia phones and amid growing concern about electromagnetic radiation from wireless devices in general, Siemens warned recently of a software defect in a range of mobile phones that could cause hearing 
EMC Takes On NetApp EMC is taking direct aim at Network Appliance this week with a new line of midrange NAS appliances. And NetApp is firing back, charging that EMC #39;s Centera content-addressable storage arrays are not secure 
Liquid oxygen spill stalls Atlas rocket launch A spill of about 10,000 gallons of liquid oxygen prompted the delay of Saturday night #39;s attempt to launch the last Atlas 2AS rocket.
Absentee Ballots by Email? tordia writes  quot;Bruce Schneier has come out against a plan proposed by the Missouri Secretary of State, Matt Blunt. Blunt #39;s proposal would allow  quot;soldiers at remote duty stations or in combat areas cast their 
US sweep rounds up scores of online frauds US authorities have arrested at least 103 suspects and filed 117 criminal complaints since June 1 in a crackdown on various forms of online fraud, according to Attorney-General John Ashcroft.
Vodafone, Nokia in Java drive NOKIA and Vodafone have agreed to collaborate on simplifying mobile phone software using the Java computer language, paving the way for cheaper mobile phones in the long run.
Wales boost for Earnshaw Mark Hughes says Robert Earnshaw #39;s move to Premiership club West Brom has improved the striker #39;s chances of being in Wales #39; starting line-up.
Ajax sign Argentine Olympic winger Rosales Ajax Amsterdam have signed Argentina forward Mauro Rosales for four years from Newell #39;s Old Boys, the Dutch champions said on Monday.
Sadr orders followers to cease fire across Iraq Radical Shiite cleric Muqtada al-Sadr on Monday ordered his followers to end clashes with US andIraqi forces across Iraq, one of his aides said.
Planes  #39;blown up by terrorists #39;  quot;Both planes were destroyed as the result of terrorist acts, quot; spokesman Lt Gen Andrei Fetisov told the Itar-Tass news agency.
Defense lawyer in Hamburg Sept. 11 trial seriously hurt The lead attorney defending an accused helper of the Sept 11 suicide pilots at his Hamburg retrial was seriously injured in a motorcycle accident, said his office, throwing into question how the trial will proceed.
Oil Slips Below \$43 a Barrel  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. oil prices fell below \$43 on  Monday on continued profit-taking as producer-group OPEC eyed  increases in the coming months in its tight spare capacity,  countering worries over stumbling Iraqi oil exports.
Ford Halts Plant Output for Lack of Parts  DETROIT (Reuters) - Ford Motor Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=F.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;F.N&lt;/A&gt; said on Monday it  has stopped production at its assembly plant in Georgia for at  least a day because of lack of parts.
Tyson Cuts Earnings Forecast, Shares Fall  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Tyson Foods Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=TSN.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;TSN.N&lt;/A&gt; on Monday cut  its earnings forecast after making a wrong bet on the direction  of grain prices and demand for chicken and beef proved weaker  than expected, sending its shares down 8 percent.
Tyson Cuts Earnings Forecast, Shares Fall Tyson Foods Inc. (TSN.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Monday cut its earnings forecast after making a wrong bet on the direction of grain prices and demand for chicken 
US Airways, pilots union resume talks Talks between US Airways Group Inc. and the Air Line Pilots Association have resumed, the union says. The pilots #39; negotiating committee met with management Sunday in Virginia, a week after talks broke down.
Japan Court Clears Way for Mega-Bank Deal Japan #39;s Supreme Court ruled on Monday that troubled bank UFJ Holdings Inc. can pull out of a deal to sell its trust business to a smaller rival, clearing the way for a full 
United Rentals Is Target of U.S. Inquiry  CHICAGO (Reuters) - U.S. securities regulators are  investigating United Rentals Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=URI.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;URI.N&lt;/A&gt; and have subpoenaed  some accounting records, the company said on Monday, sending  its shares down as much as 19 percent.
WTO Rejects U.S. Appeal on Canadian Wheat  GENEVA (Reuters) - The World Trade Organization's (WTO) top  trade court on Monday rejected a U.S. appeal against a ruling  exonerating the export policies of the Canadian Wheat Board,  diplomats and trade sources said.
Microsoft to release Longhorn in  #39;06 REDMOND, Wash., Aug 28, 2004 (United Press International via COMTEX) -- The Microsoft Corp. has decided to advance the timetable on its much-anticipated overhaul of Windows, the Financial Times reported Saturday.
FrontBridge buys MessageRite E-mail security company FrontBridge Technologies Inc. has bought MessageRite Inc. of Irvine, California, a maker of technology for archiving e-mail and instant messages, FrontBridge said Monday.
Operation Web Snare nets 150 cyber criminals This week, US Attorney General, John Ashcroft, recounted the successful efforts of  quot;Operation Web Snare quot; which was undertaken starting June 1 st , in curtailing the efforts of more than 150 cyber criminals.
Thanks And Good Riddance To Sir Bobby Who do you think is more disappointed by the departure of Sir Bobby of Robson? Do you think it will be the News of the World or Barclaycard?
Ryder Cup drama on the horizon So here #39;s a switch. In most of the recent Ryder Cup years - six of the last nine competitions -he United States appeared to have the stronger team, yet Europe won.
Electorate #39;s mood hard to gauge KERRY O #39;BRIEN: Reading the electorate #39;s mood has been no easy matter since the Latham ascendancy. And voters rarely seem to show their true intent these days until an election campaign is in full swing.
Rivalry voiced as Libyan singer outpolls Palestinian SALFIT, West Bank: Arab rivalry reached a crescendo yesterday when Palestinians #39; great musical hope bowed out to his Libyan competition in an internationally televised talent quest.
Owen off bench for Real debut England striker Michael Owen did not have long to wait to get his first taste of Spanish league action, coming on midway through the first half for Real Madrid colleague Raul at Real Mallorca on Sunday.
Kobe Bryant in court (EAGLE, Colo.) - NBA star Kobe Bryant has arrived at his sexual assault trial for the first time. Bryant is in Eagle, Colorado, as attorneys in the case prepare to question individual potential jurors behind closed doors.
PM: Oil attacks hurt Iraq  #39;badly #39; An attack on Iraq #39;s main southern pipeline has seriously hampered critical oil exports in the struggling country, Iraqi officials say.
Libyan takes Mid-East pop crown Libyan singer Ayman al-Aathar has won a Middle East pop contest, edging out Palestinian Ammar Hassan. The Super Star competition was started by the Lebanese TV station Future Television and is filmed in Beirut.
Iraqi Cleric Calls Cease-fire After Bloody Uprising  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Rebel Shi'ite cleric Moqtada al-Sadr  has ordered his militia to end attacks on U.S. and Iraqi  government forces and will soon unveil plans to pursue his  goals through politics rather than conflict, aides said Monday.
Planes 'blown up by terrorists' \The two almost-simultaneous plane crashes last week were caused by explosions, Russian investigators confirm.
Bryant Arrives at Trial Kobe Bryant arrived at his sexual assault trial Monday as attorneys in the case who spent the weekend poring over questionnaires prepared to question potential jurors.
Jay-Z, OutKast Big Winners at MTV Awards MIAMI - The MTV Video Music Awards show on Sunday featured typical frenetic energy and sexy style, and a few musical surprises, but it was mostly a kinder, gentler version of past shows. There was no Madonna-Britney Spears kiss, no partially clad Howard Stern coming down from the rafters, and certainly no wardrobe malfunctions...
Gaza Settlement Evacuation Plan Sped Up JERUSALEM - Prime Minister Ariel Sharon told senior Cabinet ministers Monday he wants to evacuate all Gaza settlements at one time instead of in three stages, officials said, reflecting a major shift in position.    At a meeting of the Security Cabinet, Sharon and Defense Minister Shaul Mofaz presented their plan to evacuate all 21 Gaza settlements together, the officials said on condition of anonymity...
Al-Sadr Calls on Militia to Stop Fighting BAGHDAD, Iraq - Rebel Shiite cleric Muqtada al-Sadr called for his followers across Iraq to end fighting against U.S. and Iraqi forces and is considering joining the political process, an al-Sadr aide said Monday...
Stocks Dip on Consumer Income Report News NEW YORK - Stocks drifted lower in extremely light trading Monday as a disappointing consumer income report prompted investors to collect profits after two weeks of gains.    While investors were cheered by the Commerce Department's report of a strong rise in consumer spending for July, growth in incomes was nearly flat...
GOP Sharpens Attacks As Convention Opens NEW YORK - Sen. John McCain said Monday it was fair game to criticize Democrat John Kerry's anti-war protests three decades ago, firing an opening salvo as Republicans sought to use their national convention to portray President Bush as a strong wartime leader...
The Black Widows' Revenge After the terror bombing of two airliners in Russia, the Kremlin tries to face up to a new Chechen tactic
Rumors of a Death Stories that Kim Jong Il's favorite companion has passed away leads to speculation on North Korea's line of succession
YUKOS Can Pay Half Its \$3.4 Bln Tax Bill Russian oil company YUKOS said on Monday it would be able to cover only half of its \$3.4 billion back tax bill by its deadline at the end of August but it would continue making payments in September.
European shares slip in light early trades European shares slipped back in light trading with the London Stock Exchange closed for a bank holiday and New York investors expected to take it easy while the Republican convention is in town.
WBA complete Earnshaw signing WEST BROMWICH, Aug 30 (SW) - English Premiership club West Brom have finalised the purchase of Wales striker Robert Earnshaw. The 3m fee paid to Cardiff City is a club record for the midlands club, a price 
Australia #39;s Howard Uses Specter of Higher Rates to Sway Voters Australian Prime Minister John Howard used the specter of higher interest rates under a Labor government to try to convince voters to give his Liberal-National coalition a fourth term 
Libya praised for IAEA cooperation The UN nuclear watchdog said in a report that Libya has been telling the truth in its declarations on the covert atomic weapons programme which it agreed in December to abandon.
Briefly: IBM posts documentation for Cloudscape roundup Plus: Phone defect could affect hearing...OSDL hires lawyer, opens China office...Ex-Palm CEO Yankowski to head Majesco.
IBM posts documentation for Cloudscape The resources IBM will provide include articles to help Java developers use the Cloudscape database in custom application development.
Investors throw money at storage start-up Copan Systems' haul is the one of the largest second rounds of funding a storage company has had in the past two years.
HP showcases financing Company lets businesses and governments obtain products at "low lease rates" or defer payments until January at no extra cost.
Will Longhorn's Loss Be Your Gain? Microsoft's decision to pare back features of the upcoming OS is not bad news, some say.
Ford Halts Plant Output for Lack of Parts (Reuters) Reuters - Ford Motor Co. (F.N) said on Monday it\has stopped production at its assembly plant in Georgia for at\least a day because of lack of parts.
Dollar Dips Vs European Currencies (Reuters) Reuters - The dollar softened against the euro\but firmed against the yen on Monday, trading within tight\ranges as dealers refrained from making aggressive bets ahead\of the August U.S. payrolls report later this week.
Cell Phone Maker Warns of Ear Damage (PC World) PC World - Mobile phone tune may play too loudly, Siemens says.
U.N. Can't Define Libya Weapons Program (AP) AP - The U.N. nuclear watchdog agency failed Monday to make a judgment on the origin of some technology for Libya's weapons program, a finding that diplomats said kept alive concerns of North Korean involvement.
China Calls Barring of Lawmaker a Mistake (AP) AP - China said on Monday a misunderstanding caused it to bar a top Hong Kong pro-democracy lawmaker from entering the mainland over the weekend.
Iraqi Cleric Calls Cease-Fire After Bloody Uprising  BAGHDAD, Iraq (Reuters) - Rebel Shi'ite cleric Moqtada  al-Sadr has ordered his militia to end attacks on U.S. and  Iraqi government forces and will soon unveil plans to pursue  his goals through politics rather than conflict, aides said  Monday.
Progress Made in Baseball Steroid Talks (AP) AP - Baseball players and owners have made progress toward toughening rules on steroid testing, a move that would pre-empt congressional intervention.
UBS to Buy Schwab Research, Trading Unit UBS AG (UBSN.VX: Quote, Profile, Research) is expected to buy Charles Schwab Corp. #39;s (SCH.N: Quote, Profile, Research) institutional research and trading unit for about \$265 million, a source familiar with the matter said on Monday.
Circuit City to host Verizon Wireless stores Circuit City Stores Inc. and Verizon Wireless signed an agreement to install Verizon Wireless stores in more than 570 Circuit City Superstores around the country, they said Monday.
FDA Issues  #39;Approvable Letter #39; for Certican BASEL, Switzerland, August 30 /PRNewswire/ -- Novartis Pharma AG has received an  quot;approvable quot; letter from the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for Certican (everolimus) in combination with Neoral (ciclosporin for microemulsion) for the prevention of 
Business shrugs off robust GDP data The economys 6.2-percent gross domestic product (GDP) growth in the second quarter may have exceeded expectations, but the stock market nonetheless shrugged off the positive news.
European Shares Drift Down in Thin Trade European stocks were slightly lower by mid-day in holiday-hit trading on Monday, with crude oil rises weighing on shares, though Sanofi-Aventis gained on the result of trials of an anti-obesity drug.
UN urged to outlaw cloning of babies A demand that the United Nations introduce a ban on cloning babies at its General Session in October will be made by the Royal Society today.
Ft Bolton 1 Liverpool 0 Cisse was becoming increasingly frustrated at the lack of service but Bolton were continuing to dominate in midfield. Manager Sam Allardyce rang the changes by bringing on Les Ferdinand and Kevin Nolan for Davies and Giannakopolous.
Al-Sadr Calls on Militia to Stop Fighting BAGHDAD, Iraq Aug. 30, 2004 - Rebel Shiite cleric Muqtada al-Sadr called for his followers across Iraq to end fighting against US and Iraqi forces and is planning to join the political process in the coming days, an al-Sadr aide said Monday.
Saboteurs Halt Oil Exports In Southern Iraq 30 August 2004 -- Oil exports from southern Iraq have completely ceased following a series of pipeline attacks by saboteurs. Two senior officials from the South Oil Company, speaking on condition of anonymity 
Locke plans one last China trade mission, eyes Vietnam market Gov. Gary Locke is putting on his salesman #39;s hat one last time, heading to China next month and hoping to crack the growing Vietnam market.
French court issues arrest warrant for Italian ex-revolutionary PARIS : The Paris appeals court issued a warrant for the arrest of Cesare Battisti, an Italian ex-revolutionary fighting extradition from France to face jail for murder who missed a recent check-in with police.
Personal Tech: HDTV Fast Forward columnist Rob Pegoraro will be online to talk about The Washington Post's special report on digital television.
Cerberus Venture Takes Over LNR in Nearly \$4B Deal NEW YORK CITY-Newly formed Riley Property Holdings LLC, which is comprised of affiliates of locally based Cerberus Capital Management LP and its real estate affiliate Blackacre Institutional Capital Management LLC, will acquire LNR Property Corp.
Yukos faces tax payment deadline Beleaguered Russian oil giant Yukos on Monday faces a court-imposed deadline to pay a multi-billion dollar tax bill. Yukos has been ordered to pay \$3.
ICANN beats VeriSign #39;s antitrust claim ICANN, the body responsible for the internets domain naming system, has convinced a court to dismiss an antitrust lawsuit filed against it by domain registry VeriSign over its interference with the launch of VeriSign #39;s Site Finder service.
Juniper boosts end-point security Juniper Networks is beefing up security on its VPN gear to make sure that machines connecting to a network are safe. On Monday, the company announced updates to its NetScreen Secure Access SSL VPN product.
Olympiad Ends Amid Shows of Spirit and Relief Description: International Olympic Committee president Jacques Rogge calls the 2004 Games, held at their historic birthplace,  quot;dream games.
Davenport Among Favorites That #39;s right, Davenport, the former No. 1 player, the three-time Grand Slam tournament champion, the 1996 Olympic gold medalist, who hasn #39;t been in a major final in four years.
OShea speculation gathers pace Speculation is growing that John OShea could be on his way out of Manchester United if the Old Trafford club complete a multi-million-pound move for Wayne Rooney before Tuesdays midnight transfer deadline.
Park, Han Make It a 2-3 Finish in LPGA While six Koreans finished in the top-10 at the Wachovia LPGA Classic on Sunday, the title eluded them once again as Mexicos Lorena Ochoa sped past a struggling Grace Park to claim the crown in Kutztown, Pa.
San Francisco at Atlanta, 1:05 PM ATLANTA (Ticker) -- Rookie Noah Lowry looks to win his fourth straight decision when he starts for the San Francisco Giants in the finale of a four-game series with the Atlanta Braves.
Gaddafi  #39;Manipulating Idols Show #39; COLONEL Muammar Gaddafi is being accused by Palestinians of unfairly trying to help a Libyan contestant win the Middle East #39; s answer to the TV talent show Idols.
French court issues arrest warrant for ex-guerrilla A French court on Monday issued an arrest warrant for former leftist Italian guerrilla Cesare Battisti after he failed to report to police for regular checks.
MSN Music Store Adds to iTunes Competition MSN Music Store Adds to iTunes Competition \\Microsoft plas to release Windows Media Player 10 on Thursday alongside the highly anticipated MSN Music Store. WMP10 will be included in Windows XP Media Center Edition 2005 which finalized some time after SP2. According to Neowin,  Media Center 2005 is due ...
China Legalizes Electronic Signatures (AP) AP - China's parliament has legalized electronic signatures in an effort to boost its small but growing online commerce industry.
UN nuclear watchdog leaves open question of N. Korean involvement with Libya (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - VIENNA, Austria (AP) - The UN nuclear watchdog agency failed Monday to make a judgment on the origin of some technology for Libya's weapons program, a finding that diplomats said kept concern alive of North Korean involvement.
Human Drug OK'd for Dog Skin Infection (AP) AP - The Food and Drug Administration approved using an antibiotic originally designed for humans to help treat skin infections suffered by dogs.
New Chechen Leader Vows Peace, Poll Criticized  GROZNY, Russia (Reuters) - Chechnya's new leader vowed on  Monday to rebuild the shattered region and crush extremists  after winning an election condemned by a rights group as a show  stage-managed by Moscow.
S.Africa Police Fire on Youth Protest, 20 Hurt  JOHANNESBURG, South Africa (Reuters) - South African police  fired rubber pellets at township youths who blocked a highway  and burned tires Monday in a rare protest over poverty and  other grievances.
GOP Sharpens Attacks As Convention Opens NEW YORK - Sen. John McCain said Monday it was fair game to criticize Democrat John Kerry's anti-war protests three decades ago, firing an opening salvo as Republicans at their national convention sought to portray President Bush as a strong wartime leader...
Verizon Wireless to Expand Profile The carrier, which sells phones and service plans through 1,200 of its own stores, has signed an exclusive deal to place Verizon Wireless stores within 570 Circuit City Superstores nationwide.
Judge Tells VeriSign U CAN #39;T When it comes to ICANN, let #39;s just say  quot;You Can #39;t. quot; Or rather, you can #39;t dispute its authority. In the latest phase of a long-simmering dispute between VeriSign (Nasdaq: VRSN 
Orion Workstations Act as Single-Box Clusters A startup company is rolling out a family of workstations aimed at the technical computing space that offer clusterlike capabilities inside a single box.
AT T chief refuses to 'miss' VoIP David Dorman, AT #38;T's chief executive, is determined to turn voice over Internet Protocol into an HBO-like service that it can sell.
Juniper boosts end-point security Company adds new features to its SSL VPN gateway to make sure devices connecting to a network are clean.
Milwaukee Electric Tool, other units to be sold for \$626.6M Atlas Copco Group has agreed to sell its electric tools business, including Brookfield-based Milwaukee Electric Tool Corp., to Techtronic Industries Co.
Orion delivers first  #39;personal cluster #39; workstation There is something rather antiquated about many of the server clusters used today by engineers, scientists and media fiends. Their high-powered computing machines are often cobbled together over many days 
Application Problems in Windows XP SP2 Now that Windows XP Serviced Pack 2 (SP2) is available at Windows Update for online update of both the XP Home Edition and XP Professional Edition platforms, you need to be prepared for the changes youll see as a result of the security controls XP SP2 
AT amp;T chief refuses to  #39;miss #39; VoIP Ma Bell--under prior management in the 1990s--let the Internet revolution slip from its grasp, as companies like America Online, EarthLink and MSN grabbed the lead in providing Internet access.
MSN Music Store Adds to iTunes Competition Microsoft plas to release Windows Media Player 10 on Thursday alongside the highly anticipated MSN Music Store. WMP10 will be included in Windows XP Media Center Edition 2005 which finalized some time after SP2.
Hungary Wins Gold in Olympic Water Polo Tamas Kasas was born the same month Hungary won its sixth Olympic water polo gold medal. For two decades, Hungarians waited for somebody like him to revive its dominance in a sport 
Okocha Tests Liverpool Super Eagles captain Austin Jay-Jay Okocha will lead out his English club Bolton Wanderers this afternoon in their fourth game of the new Premiership season, against Anfield giants Liverpool.
 quot;Mercenary quot; says tortured in Equatorial Guinea jail A South African on trial in Equatorial Guinea for plotting a coup said on Monday he had been tortured and two defendants said they were forced to sign confessions 
Pak urges restraint after India test fires AGNI II missile ISLAMABAD: Pakistan has reportedly asked India to maintain a  quot;strategic restraint quot; following Sunday #39;s test firing of the AGNI II nuclear capable missile.
Schiavone Starts Off Open With Victory (AP) AP - Sixteenth-seeded Francesca Schiavone of Italy recorded the first victory at the U.S. Open on Monday, beating Klara Koukalova of the Czech Republic 6-1, 6-3 as the final Grand Slam began under gray, cloudy skies.
SEC to Congress: Defer to FASB on Options (Reuters) Reuters - The U.S. Congress should stay out of\the debate over expensing stock options and let the Financial\Accounting Standards Board handle it, U.S. Securities and\Exchange Commission Chairman William Donaldson said.
Treasuries Edge Up on Soft Inflation Data (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. Treasuries built on early gains\on Monday after data showed U.S. inflation remained tame in\July and light summer trading combined with safe-haven buying\to move prices higher.
Football scores uptake bodes well for Three (FT.com) FT.com - Three, the new entrant mobile operator pioneering 3G services in the UK, is experiencing strong uptake of its football news and video clips service in an encouraging sign of likely consumer demand for data services on mobile phones.
Oil Falls Below \$42 a Barrel   NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. oil prices fell more than \$1 on  Monday on continued profit-taking as producer-group OPEC eyed  increases in the coming months in its tight spare capacity,  countering worries over stumbling Iraqi oil exports.
Bloomberg to Delegates: New York Is Back (AP) AP - Mayor Michael Bloomberg welcomed delegates Monday to the Republican National Convention, proclaiming the city has fully recovered from the World Trade Center attacks and thanking Republicans for choosing New York.
OPEC Blames Rising Oil Prices on Unrest  quot;There must be a significant reduction in geopolitical tensions quot; in order for oil prices to stabilize, says OPEC President Purnomo Yusgiantoro.
Japan Supreme Court approves UFJ-Mitsubishi Tokyo Merger Talks The Supreme Court rejected an appeal by Sumitomo Trust  amp; Banking Co against a Tokyo High Court decision on Aug 11 lifting a ban imposed by the Tokyo District Court on UFJ including its trust bank unit in the merger talks.
Economy posts surprise growth: 6.2 in 2nd quarter ELECTION spending and increased usage of cellular phones allowed the Philippine economy to grow by 6.2 percent in the April-June quarter despite the government #39;s fragile fiscal position, official data showed Monday.
Unemployment rate key for Bush NEW YORK (CNN/Money) - If the unemployment rate stays at current levels until the election, President Bush stands a much better chance at winning another four years in the White House, a job placement firm reported Monday.
Microsoft Security #39;s Weak Link AUGUST 30, 2004 (COMPUTERWORLD) - Windows XP Service Pack 2 is now making its way onto computers. This major update is a step forward for a company that has had an abysmal record on security, and we should be happy for that much.
UNITED LACKING MAGIC Wayne Rooneys future may be unclear but Manchester United could certainly do with a little bit of magic after dropping two home points in a 0-0 draw with Everton.
Sadr calls for ceasefire government forces and will soon unveil plans to pursue his goals through politics rather than conflict, aides say. this year, to renounce violence and to enter the political arena ahead of elections due to be held in January.
Thatcher family moves to America The family of Mark Thatcher, who was arrested in South Africa last week on suspicion of financing a coup attempt in oil-rich Equatorial Guinea, have quit his Cape Town home bound for the United States.
Iranian MP welcomes Allawi visit to Tehran Iranian Majlis deputy and member of foreign policy and national security commission Elham Aminzadeh said Monday the forthcoming trip of Iraqi Prime Minister Iyad Allawi to Iran ushers in a new chapter in bilateral relations.
5 Wounded in Rocket Attack in Northwestern Pakistan A rocket attack in northwestern Pakistan near the Afghan border has wounded at least five people and damaged several houses. Security officials in Bannu in the North West Frontier Province say two rockets 
Tyson Cuts Forecast on Chicken Prices, Grain Costs (Update5) Tyson Foods Inc., the world #39;s largest meat processor, reduced its forecast of annual profit because of higher costs for feed grain and a drop in beef and chicken prices.
Economy posts 6.2 growth in second quarter The countrys gross domestic product (GDP) rose 6.2 percent in the second quarter of the year, while gross national product (GNP) went up by 5.7 percent despite the rising world oil prices.
Sherwin-Williams has antitrust OK to buy Paint Sundry WASHINGTON Federal regulators have cleared the way for Cleveland-based Sherwin-Williams Company to buy paint brush and roller-maker Paint Sundry Brands Corporation.
Aruba Grids Embed Access Points in Walls Aruba Wireless Networks this week will introduce a new set of WLAN hardware and management software designed to reduce costs and increase capacity of enterprise wireless LANs.
How To Make Phone Calls Online E-mailing your best pal in Thailand or family in Toledo is cheaper than running up a long-distance phone bill. But even brimming with smiley emoticons, text messages lack a certain personal touch.
Study in Science reveals recreational fishing takes big bite of &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Taking a hard look at the common belief that recreational fishing accounts for only 2-3 of total landings in the US, a new study published in the journal Science (August 26th) reveals that recreational catches account for nearly a quarter of the total 
150 web fraudsters snared in US operation More than 150 individuals have been arrested or convicted in a US-wide crackdown on internet fraud and abuse, according to an announcement from Attorney General John Ashcroft on Thursday.
Angulo heads for champions Arsenal LONDON, England -- Midfielder Miguel Angelo Angulo is set to switch from the champions of Spain Valencia to Premier League title holders Arsenal in a five million euros deal.
Team losing veteran defenders left and right For the second time in a week, the Jacksonville Jaguars have lopped off a veteran who was supposed to provide the team with a consistent outside pass rush.
Rusty Wallace to retire in 2005, citing concerns about getting &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; NASCAR driver Rusty Wallace will retire at the end of the 2005 season, citing concerns about getting hurt and saying Monday he wanted to leave at the top of his game.
New Chechen Leader Vows Peace, Poll Criticized Chechnya #39;s new leader vowed on Monday to rebuild the shattered region and crush extremists after winning an election condemned by a rights group as a show stage-managed by Moscow.
Militia leader orders ceasefire SHIITE radical leader Moqtada al-Sadr today ordered a nationwide ceasefire and announced his militant movement would join the political mainstream, one of his aides said in Baghdad.
Windows upgrade fixes security flaws, but it's not perfect (USATODAY.com) USATODAY.com - Microsoft is making a major push to get home and business customers to embrace the security-focused overhaul to its Windows XP computer operating system. But while most consumers are advised to upgrade to Service Pack 2, there are a few things to keep in mind. Personal Tech columnist  Edward C. Baig  addresses questions on the free SP2 upgrade.
Jaguars Sever Ties with Hugh Douglas (Reuters) Reuters - The Jacksonville\Jaguars cut another defensive end, this time releasing veteran\Hugh Douglas on Monday.
Questions Posed to Potential Bryant Jurors (AP) AP - Some of the questions appearing on the 82-item questionnaire given to prospective jurors in the Kobe Bryant rape case:
U.S. envoy visits Darfur as UN deadline runs out; Nigerian troops go to Sudan (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - AL-FASHER, Sudan (AP) - Sudan, awaiting word on whether it will be sanctioned by the international community, hopes for a "reasonable decision" from the UN Security Council, the foreign minister said Monday, the UN-imposed deadline for quelling violence in its western Darfur provinces.
Democrats Decry Bush Comments on Terror (AP) AP - Democrats criticized President Bush's record on national security and military matters Monday, seizing on the president's comment that he doesn't think the fight against terrorism can be won.
Two NHL Players Charged with Making Death Threats  TORONTO (Reuters) - Two National Hockey League players were  released on bail on Monday following an encounter at a Toronto  nightclub where the men where charged with uttering death  threats.
Jaguars Sever Ties with Hugh Douglas  Jacksonville, Fla. (Sports Network) - The Jacksonville  Jaguars cut another defensive end, this time releasing veteran  Hugh Douglas on Monday.
New Chechen Leader Vows Peace, Poll Criticized  GROZNY, Russia (Reuters) - Chechnya's new leader vowed  Monday to rebuild the shattered region and crush extremists  after winning an election condemned by a rights group as a show  stage-managed by Moscow.
Stale Wonder Bread? Rancid revenues and restatements leave the bread and Twinkies maker on the verge of bankruptcy.
Brazil Plans Appeal for Marathon Attack ATHENS, Greece - Brazilian sports officials blamed inadequate course security for a defrocked priest's bizarre attack on the Olympic marathon leader, and said Monday they will appeal to world track authorities for a duplicate gold medal.    The criticism of Athens Olympic organizers, who have been praised for their overall security, came as former priest Cornelius Horan was given a one-year suspended sentence...
Stocks Dip on Consumer Income Report News NEW YORK - Stocks drifted lower in extremely light trading Monday as a disappointing consumer income report prompted investors to collect profits after two weeks of gains. Several earnings warnings added to investors' uneasiness...
Tech Execs More Optimistic About Spending-Study  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. technology executives are  increasingly optimistic about the business climate, although  plans for increased technology spending remain modest,  according to a study released on Monday.
Stale Wonder Bread? This morning, Interstate Bakeries (NYSE: IBC) announced that it would be adding a new product to its line of baked goods: financial reports.
Sherwin-Williams #39; Duron acquisition clears FTC Paint giant Sherwin-Williams is one step closer to completing its \$253 million acquisition of Beltsville-based Duron. The Federal Trade Commission has terminated its review of the proposed merger and will not contest it.
Australia #39;s Coles Myer to cut payroll jobs in 2005 MELBOURNE: Coles Myer Ltd, Australia #39;s biggest retailer, said yesterday it would hand over its payroll and human resources administration to EDS Australia late next year, affecting 120 jobs.
Intel proves 65 nanometers will work Continuing down the path of Moore #39;s Law, which says that the number of transistors on a chip will double every two years, Intel Corp.
British Scientists Oppose Clone Ban  quot;It is clear that if the UN bans all forms of human cloning, the UK, and other countries which currently permit carefully regulated therapeutic cloning, will not sign up to it.
Verizon Wireless wins permanent injunction against spammer WASHINGTONA judge in New Jersey has granted Verizon Wireless a permanent injunction against Jacob Brown, a text-message spammer from Rhode Island.
Tired of waiting for production, Jags cut Douglas JACKSONVILLE, Fla. (SportsTicker) - Three-time Pro Bowl defensive end Hugh Douglas admitted he was in a  quot;funk quot; last season and vowed to make amends in 2004.
POTENTIAL JURORS QUESTIONED IN BRYANT CASE Kobe Bryant heads back to court in Eagle, Colorado for todays first full day of questioning of the potential jurors in the case. Prosecutors and defense lawyers in the Kobe Bryant case spent the weekend pouring 
Iraq #39;s deputy prime minister starts a visit to Tehran Iraq #39;s interim deputy prime minister Barham Saleh held talks with the Iranian officials in Tehran in a visit described as aiming to pave the way before the prime minister of the interim Iraqi government Eyad Allawi to Iran.
Touring Saturn's Moon, Enceladus Saturn's moon, Enceladus, was discovered two hundred and fifteen years ago today, but the Cassini probe has targeted this icy world for its lunar tour through the Saturnian system.    Astrobiology Magazine -- Two hundred and fifteen years ago today, Sir William Herschel discovered Saturn's moon Enceladus (499 kilometers, 310 miles across)...
VoIP picks up momentum The number of U.S. Internet telephony subscribers is expected to surge to 1 million by the end of 2004.
MARKET WATCH Energy prices rebound with new attacks on Iraqi oil &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; HOUSTON, Aug. 30 -- After a week-long plunge as speculators pulled out of the market, crude futures prices rebounded slightly Friday following the first in a new series of attacks by insurgents against oil field facilities in Iraq.
WTO Upholds Ruling on Canadian Wheat Board The World Trade Organization on Monday rejected a US appeal against an earlier finding that supported Canada #39;s wheat trade. The WTO appeals body upheld a February decision by its dispute settlement body, which 
A fight to stay on track They were so close to the finish, Athens and Vanderlei de Lima - the city and the athlete, each about to complete a job well done.
Open-Henin-Hardenne happy to be healthy again Justine Henin-Hardenne says she has finally emerged from a dark tunnel and is ready to defend her US Open title. The world number one and top seed here was struck 
Soccer: Owen sets up winner for Madrid on debut  quot;Football is a funny game. There are injuries, suspensions and so on and you #39;ve just got to take your chance when you get it, quot; was Michael Owen #39;s response last week when asked how he felt 