BYTE OF THE APPLE Apple lost one war to Microsoft by not licensing its Mac operating system. It may repeat the error with its iPod and music software.
Child porn fight gets \$5M Ontario police forces will get \$5 million to develop a co-ordinated strategy to fight Internet child pornography, Attorney General Michael Bryant said yesterday.
SpaceShipOne a flight away from claiming \$10 million X Prize MOJAVE, Calif. -- SpaceShipOne is one flight away from clinching the Ansari X Prize, a \$10 million award for the first privately developed manned rocket to reach space twice within 14 days.
Arrest over internet sex claims Police in America have issued an arrest warrant for a North Yorkshire man who allegedly had sex with a teenager he met in an internet chat room.
Ultima Online: Samurai Empire is Golden October 13, 2004 - Electronic Arts announced that Ultima Online: Samurai Empire went gold today. The highly-anticipated expansion pack for Ultima Online is on schedule to release on November 2, 2004.
Frances ST to develop digital TV software in China FRENCH technology group STMicroelectronics (ST) had signed an agreement to create a joint venture in China to develop software for digital TV, the company announced Tuesday.
Els won #39;t bow to USPGA World no. 2 Ernie Els is fuming after receiving demands from the American Tour that he must play more tournaments in the US. Els has received a letter from USPGA Commissioner Tim Finchem regarding his commitment 
Sub hits US hat-trick UNITED STATES, Mexico and Guatemala advanced to next year #39;s North American final round World Cup 2006 qualifying with shutout triumphs today, leaving seven nations to fight over three remaining spots.
Teenager joins the race for future NASCAR success Next October, Chase Austin will finally be old enough to drive to the grocery store by himself. By then, though, he #39;ll also have a full season of stock car racing under his belt.
No. 18 Louisville at No. 3 Miami TV - tvelwtvscwtvpcwtvnrw. Radio - WQAM (560 AM) WSUA-Spanish (1260 AM), WVUM (90.5 FM), WEFL (760 AM). Coaches: UM #39;s Larry Coker is 39-3 in his fourth season; Louisville #39;s Bobby Petrino is 13-4 in his second season.
Donors examine billions of dollars in aid for Iraq TOKYO: Donors to Iraq #39;s reconstruction are examining billions of dollars in aid pledges that have gone mostly unused amid an insurgency, as the interim government appealed for firmer world support.
Prince Sihamoni to be named new king of Cambodia Prince Norodom Sihamoni will be named king of Cambodia later on Thursday by the nine-member Throne Council, said the national assembly president in Phnom Penh.
Tata to invest \$2bn in Bangladesh Indian industrial group Tata agrees to invest \$2bn in Bangladesh, the biggest single deal agreed by a firm in the south Asian country.
Space Station Crew Blast Off from Kazakh Steppe A Russian rocket carrying a US-Russian space crew on a two-day flight to the International Space Station blasted off from the Baikonur cosmodrome in Kazakhstan early Thursday.
Ontario Pledges New Actions Against Child Pornography And Child &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The Ontario government has announced new measures today to tackle child pornography online and Internet luring. Research shows 40 percent of Canadian youth report that someone they met on the Internet, requested personal information.
OFFICER PROBE AS GIRL SHOT DEAD IN GAZA THE Israeli army has suspended a platoon commander accused by his soldiers of emptying an ammunition clip into a Palestinian girl of 13.
Election monitors weigh complaints in Afghanistan KABUL, AFGHANISTAN -- Foreign election experts on Wednesday studied complaints from candidates in Afghanistan #39;s first-ever presidential election, setting aside suspect ballot boxes and further delaying the vote count.
GUS says Argos outperforms Retail group GUS says like-for-like sales at its key Argos chain outstripped the market in the first half as sales of consumer electronics and leisure goods shone.
Google gets Bangalored Google isn #39;t conventional and so aren #39;t its co-founders. Meeting them is pure fun. Larry Page and Sergey Brin founded this search engine and have been applying some really unconventional approaches to constantly 
Topics during the presidential debate _ at a glance Kerry said he would not appoint judges who would overturn the Supreme Court #39;s 1973 abortion rights decision of Roe v. Wade. Bush said he had no litmus test for judges and reiterated his support for the ban on so-called partial birth abortion.
Martha Stewart Adds to Furniture Line, Including Turkey Hill She may be in a West Virginia prison, but Westport #39;s Martha Stewart is growing her business by adding to her furniture line, including new items to a collection based on her Westport home.
Bank says it #39;s gaining customers since merger Thousands of new customers across the Northeast are flocking to Bank of America Corp., chief executive Kenneth D. Lewis said yesterday, despite a wave of bad 
Ottawa surplus swells to \$9.1 billion The federal government raked in billions more than it expected last year in personal and corporate income taxes, and slapped down all \$9.
Panthers #39; defense takes big hit before game with Eagles PHILADELPHIA  The Carolina Panthers #39; hopes of relying on their defense to help their injury-plagued offense took a big hit Wednesday when coach Jon Fox announced that defensive tackle Kris 
State Street's lost shirt Investors losing their shirts in Hollywood is an old story. Stars get in their eyes and, before you know it, the money is gone.
Boston Scientific to skirt sanctions The Food and Drug Administration is unlikely to sanction Boston Scientific Corp. after reviewing its handling of safety recalls of its new cardiac stent system, an agency official said yesterday.
Rheumatoid arthritis drug market heats up The fight over the lucrative market for rheumatoid arthritis drugs is heating up. In the last five years, three similar drugs have been introduced that offer patients the promise of getting back on their feet. Now the manufacturers of all three are jockeying for market share so they can be the leader when Medicare's full prescription drug benefit takes effect ...
Bank says it's gaining customers since merger Thousands of new customers across the Northeast are flocking to Bank of America Corp. , chief executive Kenneth D. Lewis said yesterday, despite a wave of bad publicity over layoffs and other business decisions.
Profiteering seen with flu vaccine Amid an unprecedented shortage of flu vaccine, pharmacists at several Massachusetts hospitals say that suppliers have offered to sell them shots in recent days for as much as \$90 a dose, more than 10 times the normal price.
Crude futures rally over \$53 Crude oil futures rallied back above \$53 late yesterday on speculation and panic sparked by an oil line explosion in Mexico.
Finland, US ranked top economies Northern Europe and key Asian countries remained home to the most competitive economies worldwide, cementing their ranks among the top 10 in an annual survey of business leaders by the World Economic Forum. Finland retained the top spot for the third time in the last four years, followed by the United States.
Yawkey Center building dedicated Officials dedicated the Yawkey Center for Outpatient Care, a 10-story, 400,000-square-foot addition to Massachusetts General Hospital that opened Tuesday with 1,200 patients being seen on the first day. The \$219 million glass and steel building on Cambridge Street, with underground parking for 725 cars, is the largest ambulatory care facility in New England. The project began more than two years ...
Ahold, executives settle fraud charges Global grocery retailer Ahold NV has agreed to a settlement of civil fraud charges over an alleged \$1 billion overstatement of earnings in a deal with US regulators that does not fine the company.
Analysts say debt is Delta's top woe As Delta Air Lines Inc. struggles to turn itself around, much of the focus has been on its call for concessions from pilots. But some analysts say Delta's massive debt is a bigger challenge -- and one that's more difficult to resolve outside of bankruptcy.
SEC proposes tighter IPO regulations Artificially boosting demand for initial public stock offerings and ramping up related commissions would be restricted under rules proposed yesterday by the US Securities and Exchange Commission.
Japan Fumes Over Whales as U.N. Meeting Winds Up  BANGKOK (Reuters) - Japan was fuming over the failure of  its bid to expand trade in whale products and Africa swapped  blows over ivory Thursday as a U.N. meeting on trade in wild  plants and animals wrapped up.
Merck: Successor pill safer than Vioxx   #151; Merck   Co., the US drug maker that recalled its Vioxx painkiller because of a link to heart disease, said short-term studies show the company's planned successor pill, Arcoxia, is safer.
Officials defend safety of mall Natick Mall officials are standing by their safety record, despite a recent reported rape of a teenager there.
Waltham sex boutique aims to attract couples On a recent Wednesday night at the Lifestyles shop on Moody Street, owner Gary Stone gestured toward a couple in their 40s who were perusing the store's lengthy wall of sex toys. They were dressed smartly, as if they had just dined at one of Waltham's fancier downtown restaurants.
Lawsuits filed by wait staff over tips A former waiter has filed a class-action lawsuit against a prestigious West Newton country club, contending that his employer illegally withheld thousands of dollars in tips from him and other servers.
Town presses state for sewer funds Town officials are hoping the state can unearth \$1.4 million to help bring sewers to the Medway 495 Business Park. Otherwise, they say, some 250 area jobs may be lost -- not to mention thousands of dollars in annual tax revenue.
Lock-in rates for heating oil a gamble for local suppliers LAWRENCE -- The 6,000 letters offering to lock in prices for a season's worth of heating oil were mailed a couple of weeks ago to customers of Haffner's Service Station Inc. But even though the prices being charged are about a third higher than last year, the contracts are a crapshoot for Peggy Willett.
Child-porn strategy pressures Web firms Ontario is prepared to force Internet service providers to blow the whistle on child pornography sites, Attorney-General Michael Bryant announced yesterday.
Mobile Phones Increase Tumor Risk, Study Says  STOCKHOLM (Reuters) - Ten or more years of mobile phone use  increases the risk of developing acoustic neuroma, a benign  tumor on the auditory nerve, according to a study released on  Wednesday by Sweden's Karolinska Institute.
Armitage: US Not Yet Seeking Sanctions on Iran Iran should be  quot;brought to account quot; on its nuclear program, but Washington is open to ideas other than taking it to the UN Security Council for sanctions, US Deputy Secretary of State Richard Armitage said Wednesday.
Huge Explosion Rocks Gaza City A Palestinian schoolgirl runs past the rubble of a destroyed building next to a United Nations school in the Jebaliya refugee camp, northern Gaza Strip, Tuesday, Oct. 12, 2004.
China sports star in Aids campaign Aids activists get help from Chinese basketball star Yao Ming, back in Shanghai for a promotional game.
Plane diverted in security alert A plane flying from Hong Kong to London's Heathrow airport is diverted to Stansted following a security alert.
New Crew Sets Off for Space Station American NASA astronaut Leroy Chiao, bottom, Russian cosmonaut Salizhan Sharipov, center, and Russian Yuri Shargin, top, wave just before their launch at the cosmodrome Baikonur in Kazakstan, Thursday, Oct. 14, 2004.
Zook, Gators Get Involved In Brouhaha With Fraternity Florida football coach Ron Zook, right, couldn #39;t take down Tennessee or LSU this season. But, according to published reports, Zook threatened to  quot;take down quot; a University of Florida fraternity house, where 
HAMAS FIEND SURRENDERS IN HIS SKIVVIES JERUSALEM - A terrorist commander who had sent homicide bombers to blow themselves up surrendered meekly in his underwear yesterday after Israeli paratroopers surrounded his West Bank hideout.
Taiwan said to conduct plutonium tests in '80s VIENNA -- The UN nuclear watchdog agency has found that Taiwan's experiments with plutonium extended to the mid-1980s, diplomats said yesterday, uncovering a key detail about the country's now-abandoned nuclear weapons program.
Worker rights, welfare demands fail HONG KONG -- Hong Kong's newly elected lawmakers, who promised last month to listen closely and fight for the less fortunate, threw out two motions calling for more workers' rights and welfare yesterday.
Narrow rule feared after Russia lifts leader limits MOSCOW -- The Duma, Russia's lower house of parliament, voted yesterday to overturn a ban on political party leaders becoming ministers, raising fears that Soviet-style one-party rule could make a comeback.
China dismisses Taiwan overture BEIJING -- The Chinese government declared yesterday that a conciliatory proposal made Sunday by President Chen Shui-bian of Taiwan was fraudulent, intended only to fool Taiwanese voters and international opinion.
Egypt eyes possible link of 17 arrests to Sinai bombings CAIRO -- Egyptian authorities are investigating whether 17 suspected Al Qaeda members arrested while illegally entering Libya have any connection with last week's coordinated bombings at Sinai tourist resorts that killed 34 people, an Egyptian official said yesterday.
Russian rocket blasts off for station BAIKONUR, Kazakhstan -- A Russian rocket carrying a new Russian-US crew to the international space station lifted off from the Baikonur cosmodrome early today.
Officials target support for foreign fighters BAGHDAD -- Six US soldiers were reported killed in Iraq yesterday, while the country's interim prime minister threatened a major offensive against the city of Fallujah unless its residents hand over Abu Musab Zarqawi, a Jordanian guerrilla leader thought to be hiding there.
Blair says he won't apologize for Iraq war LONDON -- Prime Minister Tony Blair weathered yet another storm over the Iraq conflict yesterday, vigorously denying he misled Britain over Iraqi weapons and refusing to apologize for the war.
Sharp Contrasts for Candidates on Domestic and Social Issues President Bush and John Kerry clashed over the war on terrorism, the loss of jobs overseas and the state of health care.
A Crucial Test, but Not Final George W. Bush and John Kerry ended the debates as they began them, with starkly defined differences on most issues.
Justices Consider Executions of Young Killers The court appeared deeply divided over whether the death penalty for acts committed while a juvenile should be seen as "cruel and unusual punishment."
FDA Approves Use of Chip in Patients WASHINGTON - Privacy advocates are concerned that an implantable microchip designed to help doctors tap into a patient's medical records could undermine confidentiality or could even be used to track the patient's movements.   "If privacy protections aren't built in at the outset, there could be harmful consequences for patients," said Emily Stewart, a policy analyst at the Health Privacy Project...
Funding cuts threaten bee health Funding cuts to Britain's bee inspectors could worsen the effects of hive diseases, a lobby group says.
New Crew Sets Off for Space Station BAIKONUR, Kazakhstan - A Russian rocket carrying two cosmonauts and an American astronaut to the international space station lifted off from the Baikonur cosmodrome on Thursday.    For Russians Salizhan Sharipov and Yuri Shargin and American Leroy Chiao, it was the first mission in a Soyuz spacecraft - breaking the nearly 30-year tradition of having at least one crewman with previous experience in piloting the capsule...
Australia elect to bat in second test v India Australia #39;s stand-in captain Adam Gilchrist elected to bat in the second test against India on Thursday. Australia, 1-0 up in the four-match series, retained the same eleven 
Open Source: Balancing Innovation and Risk The world of software development traditionally was a clandestine one, where developers in the bowels of their institution were entrenched in writing thousands of lines of code to meet ever-changing business requirements.
Man arrested in England in sex assault on Austin teen AUSTIN, Texas A 36-year-old man has been arrested in England for allegedly having sex with a 15-year-old Austin girl he met in an Internet chat room.
Beckham out for up to a month Following his idea of being  #39;clever #39; last weekend, David Beckham will be out of action for up to a month with the rib injury he suffered following his foul on Wales #39; Ben Thatcher.
Focus on SpaceShipOne #39;s creator Burt Rutan, creator of the first privately-owned manned spaceship, is a dentist #39;s son who tested model airplanes from the window of his mother #39;s car as a child.
English man accused of sex with Texas minor he met on the Web A 36-year-old man has been arrested in England and charged with having sex with a 15-year-old Texas girl he met in an Internet chat room.
Gates: Broadcast model faces irrelevancy Bill Gates, head of the world #39;s largest software company, predicts a future for the entertainment industry in which traditional broadcast television is rendered irrelevant.
Merck defends itself on Vioxx Faced with credibility questions about the Vioxx recall, Merck executives yesterday insisted the first clear signs linking the painkiller to heart problems emerged only last month.
Becks row rumbles on David Beckham is still in danger of facing disciplinary action for admitting he got booked on purpose - despite Sven-Goran Eriksson #39;s attempts to draw a line under the controversy.
Australia Chooses to Bat in Second Cricket Test Against India Australia captain Adam Gilchrist won the toss and chose to bat first against India in the second cricket Test in Chennai. Australia, which won the first Test by 217 runs after Gilchrist 
Around Asia #39;s Markets: JPMorgan says shift in yuan is likely China may adjust its currency #39;s peg to the dollar within a year by fixing the yuan against a basket of currencies rather than adopting a floating exchange-rate regime, according to JPMorgan Private Bank.
US pushes Nato over Afghanistan The US is calling on Nato to take overall responsibility for peacekeeping and reconstruction in Afghanistan. US officials are proposing the separate US and Nato missions there should merge under Nato command 
Israeli soldier suspended in girl #39;s death GAZA CITY, Gaza StripThe Israeli army yesterday suspended a platoon commander suspected of emptying an ammunition clip into a 13-year-old Palestinian girl from close range after she had collapsed under fire.
Goldcorp Agrees to Buy Wheaton River for \$1.8 Bln (Update3) Goldcorp Inc., Canada #39;s fourth-largest gold producer, has agreed to buy Wheaton River Minerals Ltd. for \$1.8 billion in stock, giving Goldcorp its first assets outside of North America, Chief Executive Robert R. McEwen said.
Apple posts highest Q4 revenue in almost a decade Apple reported revenue for the quarter of \$2.35 billion, up 37 from the \$1.72 billion recorded during last year's fourth quarter.
Pujols Gets Cardinals Off to Fast Start (AP) AP - Albert Pujols made sure the St. Louis Cardinals got off to another fast start.
Trail Blazers Clobber SuperSonics 92-73 (AP) AP - After a camp marred by trouble involving reserve forward Qyntel Woods, the Portland Trail Blazers opened preseason play Wednesday night with a 92-73 victory over the Seattle SuperSonics.
Boston Sluggers Fall Silent for 2nd Game (AP) AP - Red Sox bats that knocked balls over fences all season flailed wildly at them in the first two games of the AL championship series.
Soccer World Cup: U.S. Beats Panama 6-0 (AP) AP - There'll be no last-minute pressure this time. The United States advanced to the next round of World Cup qualifying with a game to spare.
Win Over Miami Would Be Big for Louisville (AP) AP - The spectator with the brusque baritone, push-broom mustache and divided loyalties at Thursday night's game between the Miami Hurricanes and Louisville Cardinals will be Howard Schnellenberger.
Yankees Edge Red Sox to Take Command of Series  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Jon Lieber pitched seven shutout  innings and John Olerud cracked a two-run homer as the New York  Yankees dumped the Boston Red Sox 3-1 on Wednesday to take  command of the American League championship series.
Johnson's Sudden Hat Trick Leads U.S. Past Panama  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Eddie Johnson came off the bench to  score a hat-trick in 16 minutes as the U.S. thrashed Panama 6-0  in a CONCACAF zone World Cup qualifier on Wednesday.
Lieber Tucks In Red Sox for the Night Jon Lieber subdued Pedro Martnez and the mighty offense of the Boston Red Sox, leading the Yankees to a 3-1 victory.
Down again in N.Y. NEW YORK -- Hold off on the traditional postseason, red, white and blue bunting draped over the rails at Fenway for the upcoming weekend series with the Yankees. After wicked Wednesday's double-barrel blast of bad news from the Bronx, Red Sox management might want to decorate with black crepe when the American League Championship Series resumes tomorrow night at the ...
Experience big in Phillies' search Former Red Sox manager Grady Little is among five former major league managers lining up to interview for the vacant manager's job with the Phillies. Former Cleveland Indians skipper Charlie Manuel, who has been serving as a special assistant and advisor with the Phillies, had his turn yesterday as the Phillies look for a replacement for Larry Bowa , who ...
They're holding all the aces now NEW YORK -- Mariano Rivera picked up the save, the 32d of his illustrious postseason career. But you already knew that. You knew that back in March.
Johnson receives a message with benching Bethel Johnson remains in the dark on why Patriots coach Bill Belichick decided the second-year wide receiver out of Texas A amp;M should have been kept off the 45-man active roster for last Sunday's win over the Dolphins.
Disgruntled Rice keeps up pressure for a trade Jerry Rice was scheduled to meet with Oakland Raiders owner Al Davis on last night to discuss the receiver's future after he said he wants to be traded.
European powers get back on track Order was restored in Europe, but South American leaders Brazil and Argentina couldn't find the net yesterday as both were held to 0-0 draws in World Cup qualifying.
Celtics learn a lot in loss to Pistons The Pistons returned to the scene of their most recent triumph last night, taking the floor at The Palace of Auburn Hills for the first time since capturing the 2003-04 NBA championship.
Gold helmet winners Shawn Brady, QB, Northeastern With four touchdown passes in Northeastern's 34-30 win over No. 14 Villanova, the Huskies' senior quarterback was awarded this week's Division 1-AA Gold Helmet Award. Brady connected on TD strikes of 26, 24, 13, and 9 yards as the Huskies edged the Wildcats. The winningest quarterback in NU history, Brady was 17 of 24 for 299 ...
BC stays in running When it comes to inexperienced, talented running backs, Boston College is suffering from an embarrassment of riches.
Former Framingham QB catching on as BC receiver Tony Gonzalez, a former Globe All-Scholastic quarterback from Framingham High School and the Globe's Division 2 high school Player of the Year in 2000, is now a sophomore on the Boston College football team that is off to a 4-1 start.
BC High shuts down the Prep Defense has been the theme for No. 13 BC High and 14th-ranked St. John's Prep for most of this soccer season. Yesterday, BC High was just a little bit better in a 1-0 win that assured the host Eagles at least a share of the Catholic Conference title.  quot;That's a top defensive battle, quot; said BC coach Billy Ryan.  quot;The players ...
With Help, Sea Turtles Rally to Escape Oblivion Olive ridley sea turtles are making a comeback, largely because of Mexican conservation efforts.
Yankees Take Lead Jon Lieber outduels Pedro Martinez as the Yankees beat the Red Sox, 3-1, Wednesday for a 2-0 lead in their ALCS rematch.
Cardinals Win Opener Larry Walker delivers three key hits as the Cardinals slug their way past the Astros, 10-7, Wednesday in Game 1 of a NLCS many feel is being unjustly overlooked.
WVU Clips Huskies Rasheed Marshall rushes for 110 yards and throws a touchdown pass Wednesday night to lead No. 17 West Virginia to a 31-19 victory over Connecticut.
Relief Crew Is on Its Way to Space Station A replacement crew for the International Space Station blasted off aboard a Soyuz spacecraft from the Baikonur Cosmodrome in Russia.
Japan #39;s Nikkei, Topix Fall, Paced by Canon on US Jobs Report Japanese stocks fell, paced by exporters such as Canon Inc. and Nissan Motor Co., after a US government report showed that the world #39;s largest economy added fewer jobs in November than some economists had expected.
Religious Meeting in Indonesia Aims to Blunt Radicals Indonesia #39;s president will open an international religious conference in the world #39;s most populous Muslim nation on Monday aimed at sending a message of moderation 
Fitting Your PC in a Pocket OQO, a tiny 14-ounce Windows XP computer, may just be the most elegant and versatile miniature PC possible with current technology.
Smaller Can Be Better (Except When It's Not) Stores are stocked with an abundance of featherweight gadgets. But some of these tiny gadgets raise a new question: How small is too small?
4 European Nations Accused of Unfairly Favoring Intel The European Commission said on Wednesday that France, the Netherlands, Sweden and Finland had unfairly favored Intel in public contracts for computer equipment.
Merck: Successor pill safer than Vioxx Merck  amp; Co., the US drug maker that recalled its Vioxx painkiller because of a link to heart disease, said short-term studies show the companys planned successor pill, Arcoxia, is safer.
SEC Settles with Ahold, Execs The Securities and Exchange Commission has filed enforcement actions against Royal Ahold NV and three former executives, alleging fraud and other violations stemming from the Dutch food giant #39;s massive accounting scandal.
SEC probes papers #39; circulation figures The Securities and Exchange Commission has started an investigation into newspaper circulation reporting after several publications acknowledged exaggerating their sales.
Dallas Fed chief set to leave Dallas Federal Reserve Bank president Robert McTeer, the self-styled inflation  quot;lonesome dove, quot; yesterday said he would step down to lead the Texas A amp;M University 
 #39;Saucy Beckham pics #39; used as virus bait Virus writers have latched onto the publicity surrounding football star David Beckham and his sexual escapades and are luring unsuspecting web users to a site that offers a whole lot more than just a couple of Photoshopped pics of David Beckham and his 
Soccer World Cup: US Beats Panama 6-0 The United States #39; DaMarcus Beasley (17), who plays for PSV Einhoven in the Netherlands, battles for the ball against Panama #39;s Jose Anthony Torres, left, during the second half of their World Cup qualifying match Wednesday, Oct.
Skipper Ponting blow for Aussies Australia could be without skipper Ricky Ponting for the whole of the Test series in India. Having missed the First Test victory in Bangalore and the Second Test, which started today in Chennai, Ponting has 
He owns Manuel on managing The Phillies have decided to bring all of their managerial candidates in front of the media, where they undergo a quasi second job interview.
Costa Rica beat Canada 3-1 in WC qualifier Costa Rica overcame an early goal down to beat Canada 3-1 in Vancouver on Wednesday, ending the hometeam #39;s hopes of advancing to the next round of World Cup qualification.
Michigan #39;s focus strictly on Illinois Q. Are the Wolverines looking ahead to their game at Purdue in less than two weeks? A. It wouldnt be surprising if the Wolverines are sneaking a peek at the 
Virgin Flight From Hong Kong Diverted (AP) AP - A Virgin Atlantic plane was diverted to land at Stansted airport north of London Thursday after receiving a bomb threat, police said.
Israel Presses Offensive in Northern Gaza (AP) AP - Israel's largest and bloodiest offensive in Gaza in four years of conflict moved into its third week, with missile strikes killing six Palestinians and Israeli troops digging into the northern end of the crowded territory.
Australian govt says pre-election economic forecasts too optimistic (AFP) AFP - Treasurer Peter Costello has been accused of preparing to break big-spending election promises by playing down official predictions of strong economic growth as the government moved towards outright control of both houses of Parliament.
Musharraf dual role backed by MPs Pakistan's parliament passes a bill allowing Gen Pervez Musharraf to remain as both president and head of the army.
Bush, Kerry Duel Over Domestic Policy TEMPE, Ariz. - President Bush and rival John Kerry vaulted into the home stretch of the race for the White House by trading blows on taxes, gun control, abortion and jobs, striving in their final debate to cement impressions in voters' minds...
Crude prices rise above US\$54 on supply fears Crude oil prices rose above US\$54 Thursday on speculation sparked by a pipeline explosion in Mexico and a continued work stoppage in Nigeria.
Silent night The New York Yankees are starting to rummage through their closet, looking for those brooms, just in case. The Boston Red Sox are trying to keep their closet door locked, before all those infernal ghosts get out again.
F1: Grand Prix hopes splutter into life The British Grand Prix has been given a stay of execution after being included on Formula One #39;s draft 2005 calendar. Silverstone owners the British Racing Drivers #39; Club have 
Russian favourite Safin stumbles in Kremlin Cup Top seed and home favourite Marat Safin was bundled out of the Kremlin Cup in the second round 7-6, 4-6, 6-3 by unseeded Czech Radek Stepanek.
Israel kills five after renewed Hamas threat  quot;disengage quot; from conflict with Palestinians by evacuating all Jewish settlers from Gaza and a few from the West Bank in 2005.
Singapore govt fund may offer \$110 million -report TOKYO (CBS.MW) - Singapore #39;s state investment arm Temasek Holdings Pte may buy a stake in China Minsheng Banking Corp., according to a published report.
Bank of Montreal to acquire Indiana-based institution Toronto (Dow Jones) -- Bank of Montreal on Wednesday said it agreed to acquire Mercantile Bancorp Inc. for \$156.5 million as it moves to expand in the Midwest region of the United States.
Bryant shrugs off Jackson #39;s criticism Mitch Kupchak and Jerry Buss issued a four-point written statement. Rudy Tomjanovich offered words of praise outside the locker room.
FIA issue 19-race draft calendar The British Grand Prix is one of 19 races listed on the provisional calendar for the 2005 Formula One season, as released by the sport #39;s governing body, the FIA, on Wednesday.
Heatley approves Swiss-league deal Atlanta Thrashers forward Dany Heatley agreed to contract terms Wednesday with Bern in Switzerland to play with the club during the NHL lockout.
Falluja negotiator dismisses threat negotiator for the rebel-held city says its people are being asked to chase shadows. top enemy in Iraq, or face military action. told Arabic Al Jazeera television on Thursday, adding that the government had now halted peace talks.
I bankrolled Zuma - Shaik DURBAN - Businessman Schabir Shaik has acknowledged he bankrolled Deputy President Jacob Zuma, claiming that he did so to enable Zuma to stay in politics.
Program Links Diabetic Kids With Doctors (AP) AP - Diabetic 9-year-old Gabe Mathews had very low blood sugar before a test, but hours later at home his mother found it to be far too high.
First Look: OQO Handheld PC Fails to Excite (PC World) PC World - Design and performance issues hold back this very cool idea.
Adobe Ships Upgrade of Photoshop For Non-Professionals (TechWeb) TechWeb - Adobe releases an upgrade of its consumer-focused photo-editing software, which has been enhanced with new features for improving photo quality.
IPod Helps Lift Apple's Fourth-Quarter Profit (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - The iPod helped Apple's profit get up and dance.
FDA Approves Use of Chip in Patients (AP) AP - Privacy advocates are concerned that an implantable microchip designed to help doctors tap into a patient's medical records could undermine confidentiality or could even be used to track the patient's movements.
Spy freed as part of prisoner exchange An ecstatic Azzam Azzam, the Israeli Druze businessman held in an Egyptian jail for seven years on spying charges, was released yesterday in a prisoner swap seen as signalling a thaw in relations between the two countries.
US reveals anti-piracy proposals A new report calls for the creation of new anti-piracy offices across the US, Europe and Asia.
Sony Ericsson sees profits triple Japanese-Swedish mobile phone maker Sony Ericsson reports a tripling of its third quarter profit, driven by sales of new camera phones.
U.S. Forces, Insurgents Battle in Ramadi (AP) AP - U.S. forces traded fire with insurgents in the Sunni stronghold of Ramadi following a series of raids, residents said Thursday, and at least eight people were reported killed.
Putin Sets Veto Outcry at Rest NEW DELHI, 5 December 2004 - Russian President Vladimir Putin clarified his stand yesterday on Moscow favoring Indias membership of the UN Security Council.
New Somali leader to be sworn in Somalia's president-elect, tasked with setting up the first national government in 13 years, is due to take the oath of office in Kenya.
FACT CHECK As they traded charges and countercharges on the economy, health care and other domestic issues, President Bush mischaracterized who received the tax cuts that have been the centerpiece 
Death of Bx. mom cited in 1st round of Vioxx suits A Brooklyn lawyer announced plans yesterday to file the first federal lawsuits against Merck  amp; Co. on behalf of New Yorkers who developed heart troubles using the arthritis drug Vioxx.
Federal surplus is good news The shouts of astonishment and outrage echoed from every part of the country yesterday as Canadians contemplated the newly announced federal government budget surplus: \$9.
Russia launches manned space mission to ISS MOSCOW. Oct 14 (Interfax) - A Soyuz TMA-5 spaceship carrying a new crew to the International Space Station (ISS) was launched from the Baikonur cosmodrome with a Soyuz-FG rocket at 7:06 am on Thursday, an 
Microsoft Ups Ante Vs. iTunes NEW YORK - Microsoft #39;s new offensive in the digital music industry will seek to significantly alter the competitive landscape in a new market that until now has largely been dominated by Apple Computer and its powerful combination of the iPod portable 
Ultima Online: Samurai Empire Gone Gold October 13, 2004 - EA sent word that Ultima Online: Samurai Empire has gone gold today and will be in stores Nov. 2nd.  quot;We are right on track to deliver this exciting new experience to our fans next month, quot; said 
Solaris critically flawed TIM FIRM Sun has released details of a critical bug in both its Solaris operating system and the Java Desktop System. Affected systems are Solaris 7, 8 and 9 on both the Sparc and x86 platforms, and the JDS 
Weary Rivera saves day for Yankees again Mariano Rivera smiled easily and talked about how yesterday was better, how the  quot;sun came up today. quot; But his eyes were still weary when he stopped to talk during batting practice before Game 2 of the ALCS last night.
Cards offense switches into gear it needs to win The constant pattering of the Thunderstixx and the Budweiser jingle further fueled the migraine-like misery sustained Wednesday night by the Houston Astros.
Kuznetsova wins, Safin loses at Kremlin Cup On the men #39;s side, top-seeded Marat Safin was upset by Radek Stepanek of the Czech Republic 7-6 (10-8), 4-6, 6-3. Stepanek, No.
Microsoft patent-infringement case to go to trial A federal judge ruled against Microsoft on Wednesday in a patent suit challenging  quot;AutoPlay quot; technology included in recent versions of Microsoft Windows.
Study: Denver-to-Vail plan would cost less than I-70 growth Supporters of building a monorail from Denver to Vail released a study Monday that shows the project is technically feasible and can be done for less cost per mile than a planned highway expansion.
Falluja negotiator dismisses threat Iraq #39;s interim prime minister has threatened to attack Falluja unless it turns in foreign militants, but a negotiator for the rebel-held city says its people are being asked to chase shadows.
Afghanistan vote count gets go-ahead Afghanistan #39;s electoral commission gave the go-ahead for counting to begin today in the disputed presidential election after charges of fraudulent multiple voting forced a delay.
First Look: OQO Handheld PC Fails to Excite Design and performance issues hold back this very cool idea.
Israel, Europe Could Be on Collision Course-Report (Reuters) Reuters - Israel could end up on a collision\course with the European Union and face sanctions like\apartheid-era South Africa unless the Israeli-Palestinian\conflict is resolved, a confidential government report warns.
Bomb alert forces Virgin Atlantic plane to land at Stansted airport (AFP) AFP - A bomb alert forced a Virgin Atlantic flight from Hong Kong to London's Heathrow airport to land at Stansted airport, north of the British capital, as a  quot;precautionary measure quot;, officials said.
Israel, Europe Could Be on Collision Course-Report  JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israel could end up on a collision  course with the European Union and face sanctions like  apartheid-era South Africa unless the Israeli-Palestinian  conflict is resolved, a confidential government report warns.
Martha #39;s furniture line about to grow Martha Stewart may be living in prison cell basics, but outside her company soldiers on. Now, it sees a future in furniture. The jailed diva #39;s company rolled out additions to its Signature furniture 
Sony Ericsson Profit Rises 45 on Camera Phone Demand (Update2) Sony Ericsson Mobile Communications Ltd., the mobile-phone venture owned by Sony Corp. and Ericsson AB, said third-quarter profit rose 45 percent on camera phone demand and forecast this quarter will be its strongest.
Vonage talks of 911 advancements Vonage, an Internet phone service provider, and emergency telecom specialist Intrado say together they #39;ve conducted successful trials of an advanced means of making emergency phone calls using the Internet.
Thierry finds his goal touch Thierry Henry scored his first international goal for four months to help struggling France snatch a badly needed 2-0 victory over Cyprus.
Tim has Nets in sights Tim Thomas was airborne one second and a chalk outline the next. That #39;s how quickly Jason Collins, the Nets #39; center, knocked Thomas out of last year #39;s playoffs and revealed a softer, gentler 
Finland leads in economic competition for the second straight year According to the World Economic Forums ranking, for the second straight year the most competitive economy is Finlands one. Finland hit the top for the quality of its public institutions and the high 
Evesham e-box Media Center 2005 PC Review Evesham #39;s first attempt at a Media Center PC, the eMedia, was, to be honest, far from perfect. But the UK PC maker learned from the mistakes it made, and went back to the drawing board.
BoA Profit Up 29 Percent on Lending Bank of America Corp. (BAC.N: Quote, Profile, Research) , the No. 3 US bank, on Thursday said third-quarter profit rose 29 percent, helped by its purchase of FleetBoston Financial Corp.
National City #39;s 3Q Profit Soars 72 Percent National City Corp. on Thursday said third-quarter profit rose 72 percent as the financial holding company benefited from its corporate and consumer businesses and recent acquisitions.
Sony Ericsson triples 3Q profits LONDON, October 14 (newratings.com) - Sony Ericsson posted robust profit growth for 3Q04, with the company #39;s quarterly pre-tax profits more than tripling from the one year ago levels.
EU charges countries favouring Intel over AMD France, the Netherlands, Finland and Sweden are violating European Union law by favouring chips made by Intel over rival AMD when they buy computers, the European Commission has said in formal charges.
No receipts? IRS will provide sales-tax tables President Bush has yet to sign the corporate-tax bill that includes sales-tax relief for Washington state, and there are lots of details to fill in.
Halo 2 leaked onto the internet Microsoft has said it is trying to track down the people behind a pirated copy of the forthcoming Halo 2 game. A version of the eagerly awaited Xbox game has appeared on net piracy sites and newsgroups, almost a month before making it into the shops.
PayPal Getting Back to Normal after Outage PayPal began getting back to normal Tuesday afternoon and improved significantly on Wednesday after a 4-day intermittent problem left many users unable to access their accounts.
Sony execs -  #39;we fell asleep in portable music #39; Sony executives yesterday said they  quot;fell asleep quot; in the portable music market - but the company is awake now. Sony plans to improve its position in the market by next year, promising a range of products that aim at Apple #39;s iPod.
IBM unveils new Shark and midrange array IBM has unveiled two new enterprise-class storage arrays which, despite being aimed at different markets, can be managed through a single interface and data can be replicated between them.
Dell rides the wave to consumer gadgets Dell (DELL) will set out Thursday to conquer markets dominated by Apple (APPL), Hewlett-Packard (HPQ) and others with products that include its first small digital music player, photo printer and plasma TV.
Microsoft security updates Microsoft has released fresh security updates for Office, and an update to its MSN messenger application. The MSN Messenger update brings the product to version 4.0.
Yanks Go Up 2-0; Cardinals Win Opener New York Yankees starter Jon Lieber, center, hands off the ball to manager Joe torre, left, as he leaves the game against the Boston Red Sox in the in the 8th inning of the game 2 of the American League championship series at Yankee Stadium in New York 
UPDATE 3-Kumble fells Australia, Warne equals record Leg spinner Anil Kumble captured seven wickets for 48 runs as Australia were dismissed for 235 on the first day of the second test on Thursday.
No room for complacency from table-topping England England head into a five-month World Cup qualifying break with top slot in Group Six and the knowledge they can ill-afford to be complacent next year.
Victory in Moldova Vogts pledges and predicted the victory would be more impressive than Italy #39;s. The German knows he could be sacked if Scotland 
Nokia Says Profit Will Keep Falling as Prices Drop (Update2) Nokia Oyj, the world #39;s largest mobile- phone maker, said profit may drop for a second straight quarter after reporting a 20 percent decline in third-quarter earnings as it cut prices in a bid to regain market share.
\$9-billion surplus puts tax cuts on gov #39;t agenda OTTAWA -- Finance Minister Ralph Goodale says he #39;s looking at another round of tax cuts after revealing the federal government posted a \$9.
Cricket: Harbhajan #39;s dual strike halts Australia in second Test MADRAS, India : Off-spinner Harbhajan Singh grabbed two wickets in three balls to lead India #39;s fightback in the second cricket Test against Australia here.
Montoya  #39;poised for FIA summons #39; Colombian Juan Pablo Montoya could be summoned to a meeting of Formula One #39;s governing body, the FIA, to explain his conduct, according to reports.
Mets coaches axed The Mets made the expected changes to Art Howe #39;s former staff in announcing yesterday that only pitching coach Rick Peterson would be retained.
Wie is older, but still just 15 If we #39;re talking about 15-year-old kids and Game Boy video games, well, then, it must be time for another On Golf column. Michelle Wie is back in the news, fresh off her latest birthday last week, meaning 
UPDATE 1-Davenport takes over top spot from Mauresmo Lindsay Davenport will take over the number one spot from Amelie Mauresmo when the rankings are released next week after reaching the Kremlin Cup quarter-finals 
No. 17 West Virginia 31, Connecticut 19 West Virginia coach Rich Rodriguez was more concerned about the 89 yards in penalties than the 300-plus yards of rushing offense piled up by his Mountaineers.
Baghdad Blasts in Green Zone Kill 8 Civilians, Military Says Eight civilians were killed and at least three were wounded in two blasts in Baghdad #39;s fortified Green Zone, which houses government offices, Lieutenant Colonel James Hutton, a US military 
General Motors to cut 12,000 jobs in Europe General Motors Europe is to slash its workforce by around a fifth, cutting as many as 12,000 jobs in a bid to halt chronic losses in the region.
World ; Death Toll from Israel #39;s Gaza Offensive Rises to 100 World News, GAZA - Israeli air strikes killed five Palestinians in Gaza Thursday as the Palestinian death toll rose to 100 in a 16-day-old army offensive aimed at crushing militants behind rocket salvoes into Israel.
Germany Reiterates Opposition to Sending Troops to Iraq The German government has reiterated its opposition to sending troops to Iraq, after a top German official suggested otherwise. A spokesman for German Chancellor Gerhard Schroeder said the German leader told 
Afghan Officials Start Counting Presidential Ballots (Update2) The counting of ballots from Afghanistan #39;s Oct. 9 presidential election began after a delay caused by allegations of voting irregularities, the country #39;s electoral commission said.
EU Court Annuls EU100.8 Mln in Fines on German Banks (Update1) A European court struck down fines totaling 100.8 million euros (\$125 million) on HVB Group, Dresdner Bank AG and three German competitors for fixing European currency- conversion rates.
Southwest Airlines 3Q Profit Increases Low-fare carrier Southwest Airlines Co. said Thursday that its third-quarter profit rose 12.3 percent to beat Wall Street expectations despite higher fuel costs.
Microsoft Issues Flurry of Fixes on Busy Patch Day Microsoft released a  quot;cumulative security update quot; for Internet Explorer (MS04-38) that plugs eight holes in the popular browser, as well as six other unique patches for vulnerabilities that the company rated as critical.
Fake Beckham pix in new virus scare Virus writers are attempting to take over computer users #39; PCs by enticing them to click on a malicious programme masquerading as lurid photos of England soccer captain David Beckham, according to a security firm.
Novell patents to protect more than open source Novell Inc has taken its new stance on software patents in order to protect innovation in the industry as a whole, not just the open source community, according to a European regulator.
Kumble claims seven, Australia collapse at 235 Chennai, Oct 14 (UNI) Leg spinner Anil Kumble #39;s devastating spell of seven for 48 helped India skittle out Australia for 235 runs in their first essay on the opening day of the second TVS cup series Test at the MA Chidambaram stadium here today.
Italy slips down competitive list while Nordic countries remain &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Italy has sunk down the list of the world #39;s most competitive countries because of bureaucracy, infrastructures and high taxes, a report by the World Economic Forum has revealed.
Citigroup Profit Rises 13 Percent (Reuters) Reuters - Citigroup Inc.  on Thursday said\third-quarter profit rose 13 percent, topping most Wall Street\forecasts, as growth in consumer businesses offset declining\stock and bond market revenue.
GM Earnings at the Low End of Forecast (Reuters) Reuters - General Motors Corp.  on Thursday\posted slightly stronger quarterly earnings, but the results\were at the low end of its own forecast and the company cut its\earnings outlook for the year due to slower growth in\Asia-Pacific and mounting losses in Europe.
Import Prices Rise Less Than Expected (Reuters) Reuters - The cost of goods imported into the\United States rose by a smaller-than-expected 0.2 percent in\September, a government report showed on Thursday, as petroleum\import costs rose a modest 0.6 percent.
Bank of America Profit Up 29 Percent (Reuters) Reuters - Bank of America Corp. , the No.\3 U.S. bank, on Thursday said third-quarter profit rose 29\percent, helped by its purchase of FleetBoston Financial Corp.\and growth in deposits and credit card issuance.
Six Killed in Ghanaian Cargo Plane Crash - Company (Reuters) Reuters - Freight company MK Airlines confirmed on\Thursday that one of its Ghanaian-registered Boeing 747 cargo\planes crashed in Halifax, Canada, killing all six crew members\aboard.
Oil, China Push U.S. Trade Gap Near Record (Reuters) Reuters - The U.S. trade deficit widened more\than expected in August to its second-highest level on record,\fueled by the highest oil import prices in 23 years and record\imports from China, the U.S. government said on Thursday.
Explosions in Baghdad's Green Zone Kill 8 (AP) AP - Two bombs apparently carried in by insurgents exploded at an outdoor market and a popular cafe in Baghdad's heavily guarded Green Zone on Thursday, killing eight civilians and wounding a number of others, a U.S. military spokesman said.
GM Europe to Slash 12,000 Jobs by 2006 (AP) AP - General Motors Europe announced Thursday that it plans to cut 12,000 jobs on the continent by the end of 2006 in a plan aimed at saving  #36;617 million per year.
UN warns Africa of bleak future, telling it to brace for AIDS time bomb (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - ADDIS ABABA, Ethiopia (AP) - Africa must brace itself for an AIDS time bomb as 8,000 people are infected with HIV a day in the region worst hit by the pandemic, the United Nations warned Thursday.
Bush, Kerry trade shots on bin Laden, economy, health care (AFP) AFP - US President George W. Bush and Democratic White House hopeful John Kerry battled over Iraq, terrorism, health care, and jobs, hoping their final debate would break their deadlocked race.
GM to cut 12,000 jobs in Europe US car giant General Motors says it is to shed 12,000 jobs in Europe, with Germany bearing the brunt of the losses.
Sony Ericsson sees profits triple Japanese-Swedish mobile phone maker Sony Ericsson reports a tripling of its third-quarter profit, driven by sales of new camera phones.
Nigerian strike draws to a close A four-day general strike in Nigeria is expected to end shortly, with neither the unions nor government giving ground.
Eight dead in Iraq's Green Zone Eight people have been killed in two blasts in Baghdad's heavily fortified Green Zone, the US military says.
Hostage killed in Pakistan rescue One Chinese hostage held by Islamic militants dies and one is freed in a rescue mission by Pakistan's army.
Mobile phone 'ear tumours risk' Scientists have found using a mobile phone for at least 10 years increased the risk of ear tumours.
Sacked EU whistleblower defiant The European Commission's former chief accountant, who said the EU budget was open to fraud, will fight her dismissal.
Sierra Leone nabs S Korean boats The Sierra Leone navy seizes six South Korean trawlers after catching them fishing in their waters.
US diplomats baulk at Jewish bill The US State Department objects to a bill that would require it to set up an office on anti-Semitism.
Sacked India censor files lawsuit A sacked Indian film censor who refused to approve a movie on Gujarat riots sues a politician for defamation.
Barbarians 19 - 47 New Zealand Not since Australia beat South Africa in the 1999 World Cup semi-finals has there been such a southern hemisphere takeover of this stadium and the All Blacks took the opportunity to throw down a gauntlet to next year #39;s Lions.
FBI returns seized news servers Servers seized by the FBI from the Indymedia alternative media network have been returned.
Keep your eye on those surging Bills; Vick #39;s tough to figure out Well, well, well. The Redskins topped 20 points for the first time since The Restoration. Will wonders ever cease? Quickly now, who had Week 13 in the office pool?
Zeta 'stalker' bail plea refused A US judge refuses to lower the \$1million bail for a woman accused of stalking Catherine Zeta Jones.
MS PlaysForSure #8482; - GoneForNow #8482;? Those the gods wish to destroy, they first make really dumb
Nokia Reports 20 Percent Drop in Profit Nokia lost market share in the United States, its biggest market, but said it made "substantial gains" in Western Europe.
&lt;cite&gt;Reg&lt;/cite&gt; online training offers 'try before you buy' &lt;strong&gt;Site offer&lt;/strong&gt; Plus 10 off membership - while stocks last
Citigroup Profit Rises 13 Percent The \$1.02 per share reported was in line with estimates, as growth in consumer businesses offset declining stock and bond market revenue.
Devastating locusts spreading in Africa ROME -- Swarms of locusts that have devastated crops and pastures across West Africa may hit countries as far away as Pakistan, a UN agency said yesterday as it announced an intensified control campaign. The desert locusts are moving into southwest Libya, southern Algeria, and the borders of Morocco, the Rome-based UN Food and Agriculture Organization said. Other swarms were ...
IT under threat, says Veritas &lt;strong&gt;Storage Expo&lt;/strong&gt; It's 10pm, do you know where your DR plan is?
Europe's SAN avoidance strategy &lt;strong&gt;Storage Expo&lt;/strong&gt; Do you want a SAN or a SANity check?
Removable disks back from the dead &lt;strong&gt;Storage Expo&lt;/strong&gt; Iomega punts a hard disk autoloader
'Embrace digital' says film boss Hollywood must embrace digital technologies but also fight film piracy, says new US movie industry supremo.
Supreme Court Internet Privacy Decision Verizon attorney Sarah Deutsch and washingtonpost.com's David McGuire discuss the Supreme Court case allowing Internet service providers to keep their customers' identities secret, even if the recording industry suspects them of illegally sharing music online.
GM Europe to Slash 12,000 Jobs by 2006 RUESSELSHEIM, Germany - General Motors Europe announced Thursday that it plans to cut 12,000 jobs on the continent by the end of 2006 in a plan aimed at saving \$617 million per year.    The company said that 90 percent of the cuts would be made in 2005...
Israel Presses Offensive in Northern Gaza BEIT LAHIYA, Gaza Strip - Israeli tanks and bulldozers pulled back from this Palestinian town Thursday, after tearing up roads, flattening strawberry greenhouses and knocking down walls of dozens of houses in what residents said was the most devastating raid in four years of fighting.    The two-day foray into Beit Lahiya was part of a major Israeli military offensive in the northern Gaza Strip, now in its third week...
Chicken Soup Replaces Flu Vaccine FERGUS FALLS, Minn. - People who went to a local clinic to get a flu shot didn't receive the vaccine they wanted...
Yanks Go Up 2-0; Cardinals Win Opener NEW YORK - Jon Lieber took a shutout into the eighth inning and John Olerud backed him with a two-run homer in the sixth off Pedro Martinez as the Yankees beat the Red Sox 3-1 Wednesday night for a 2-0 lead in their AL championship series rematch. In the National League series opener Wednesday night, Albert Pujols homered early, Larry Walker delivered three key hits and the St...
Explosions in Baghdad's Green Zone Kill 8 BAGHDAD, Iraq - Two bombs apparently carried in by insurgents exploded at an outdoor market and a popular cafe in Baghdad's heavily guarded Green Zone on Thursday, killing eight civilians and wounding a number of others, a U.S. military spokesman said...
U.S. Pre-Ramadan Raids Net Insurgents BAGHDAD, Iraq - Stepping up raids before the Muslim holy month of Ramadan, U.S. forces traded fire with insurgents in the Sunni stronghold of Ramadi, officials said Thursday, while troops detained 10 people, including two suspected insurgent leaders, in a sweep of Baqouba...
GM Europe to Cut 12,000 Jobs by the End RUESSELSHEIM, Germany - General Motors Europe announced Thursday that it plans to cut 12,000 jobs on the continent by the end of 2006 in a plan aimed at saving \$617 million per year.    The company said that 90 percent of the cuts would be made in 2005...
Hi-Def TV May Be PCs' Killer App It's been possible for years to watch television on a personal computer, but not many people do. The reasons are simple: mediocre picture and sound quality and the ergonomics of it all. TVs don't need to boot up.
TV Host O'Reilly Accused of Harassment NEW YORK - Bill O'Reilly, whose Fox News Channel show is the highest-rated cable news program, has been accused of sexual harassment by one of his producers. O'Reilly says the complaint is a politically motivated extortion attempt...
Scientists 'find key to hearing' Scientists pinpoint a protein they believe holds the key to hearing, and maybe new treatments for deafness.
Marine life booms in fishing ban A scheme which bans fishing east of Lundy Island is having a very beneficial effect on marine wildlife, says English Nature.
New Crew Sets Off for International Space Station By VLADIMIR ISACHENKOV     BAIKONUR, Kazakhstan (AP) -- A rocket carrying two Russian cosmonauts and an American astronaut to the international space station streaked into orbit on Thursday, the latest flight of a Russian space vehicle to fill in for grounded U.S. shuttles...
Debating the Dinosaur Extinction At least 50 percent of the world's species, including the dinosaurs, went extinct 65 million years ago. While most scientists now blame this catastrophe on a large meteorite impact, others wonder if there is more to the story.
U.S. Making Flu Shots Priority for the Elderly By MICHELLE SPITZER     JOHNSTON, Iowa (AP) -- Health officials are scurrying to secure flu vaccines so the elderly, who are most vulnerable to influenza, have first access to shots after the nation's supply was cut in half.    "We're begging, borrowing and stealing from every source we can come up with," said Paula Frank, a clinical consulting nurse for the Bishop Drumm Retirement Center...
Urban Smog: State of the World Based on 18 months of Envisat observations, this high-resolution global atmospheric map of nitrogen dioxide pollution makes clear just how human activities impact air quality.
Week in review: BCS fails again The BCS tried to spread joy and big bucks around the country Sunday and had its typical result. USC and Oklahoma came out the big winners and will play for the national champion in the Orange Bowl.
Vaughan and Jones to fore in another mismatch THE sight of Andrew Strauss delivering the penultimate over of this mismatch said more about the state of Zimbabwe cricket than any number of words.
Transit alternative would be costly SUMMIT COUNTY - The Colorado Intermountain Fixed Guideway Authority (CIFGA) has released its final report saying magnetic levitation could be a viable transit alternative from Denver to Eagle County.
McNair inactive; Volek starts against Colts Billy Volek made his fourth start of the season for the Titans and threw for 269 yards with three scores on 21-of-35 passing in a 51-24 loss to the Colts.
Henry helps Arsenal put faulty run behind them To paraphrase Basil Fawlty in the memorable sketch about Germans, Arsne Wenger did it once and got away with it. The Arsenal manager dropped Jens Lehmann for the 
Gizmo shopping in Japan CNET News.com's Michael Kanellos travels to Tokyo to find out what might be winding up on U.S. shelves in the not-too-distant future.
Photo 5 of 5: Gadgets galore in old Tokyo CNET News.com's Michael Kanellos travels to Tokyo to find out what may soon be on U.S. shelves.
Photo 2 of 5: Gadgets galore in old Tokyo CNET News.com's Michael Kanellos travels to Tokyo to find out what may soon be on U.S. shelves.
U.S. Finally Holds Line on Weight Gain By MICHAEL HILL    (AP) -- Americans are more calorie-conscious and holding the line on weight gain after years of expanding waistlines, according to a market survey released Wednesday, but nutrition experts were wary of the findings.    The NPD Group's annual survey on eating habits found the portion of overweight Americans holding at 62 percent for a second year...
Update: EU asks four countries to justify call for Intel chips BRUSSELS -- The European Commission has asked four European Union (E.U.) countries to justify why they favor Intel Corp. processors in computers for public authorities, it announced Wednesday.
Real lose more ground to Barcelona after stalemate A lacklustre Real Madrid lost further ground to Barcelona at the top of the Primera Liga table after they were held to a 0-0 draw at Villarreal last night.
Bank seeing unexpected customer gains The head of Bank of America says the banking giant is unexpectedly gaining northeastern customers just six months after its acquisition of FleetBoston.
Zen Micro to Take on iPod Mini The player lets the listener choose MP3 or WMA music, ripped from CDs or downloaded from online music sites. The Zen Micro provides intuitive vertical scrolling to allow users to move through easy-to-use menus 
Microsoft issues patches for seven software flaws SEATTLE - Microsoft has warned of seven newly found flaws in its software that could allow an attacker to steal data and take over a personal computer running the Windows operating system.
Mauresmo pulls out of Kremlin Cup Amelie Mauresmo could lose her world number one status this week after pulling out of the Kremlin Cup because of a thigh injury. The Frenchwoman sustained the injury during the final of the Porsche Grand Prix 
Sony Ericsson Quarterly Profit Triples Swedish-Japanese mobile phone maker Sony Ericsson more than tripled its third-quarter pretax profits, gained market share on booming demand for its camera phones and 
I Love Firefox But Can #39;t Escape Explorer If I want to use the online banking services, I have to use IE. Why? No good reason I can fathom. Heaven knows IE isn #39;t more secure than Firefox (oh, were it so!
Throwing the book at final season effort of Jackson It #39;s no coincidence that Tracy #39;s Dodgers overachieved while Jackson #39;s last Laker teams will go down as underachievers.
Decision looms on high-speed access aloft (USATODAY.com) USATODAY.com - The Federal Communications Commission is set next month to decide how to auction spectrum to wireless carriers to bring high-speed Internet service to  airlines as early as next year. But, regulators have been boxed into a corner: promote low prices and great features, or ensure the service works reliably.
Trade Deficit Surges, Jobless Claims Up (AP) AP - The U.S. trade deficit, propelled by a record foreign oil bill, surged to  #36;54 billion in August, the second highest level in history. The politically sensitive deficit with China hit a new high as American retailers upped their orders for cell phones, toys and televisions.
Software exports from India's technology hub soar 34 percent (AFP) AFP - Software exports from India's technology hub of Bangalore shot up 34 percent in the first five months of the current fiscal year compared to the same period the previous year, an official said.
I Want My Small-Biz TV! (BusinessWeek Online) BusinessWeek Online - It's safe to say that entrepreneurially inclined Americans have never had more help and encouragement in pursuing their dreams: Web sites, newsletters, chat rooms, and blogs supply a constant feed of information. Government and private agencies offer counsel, workshops, and networking. Scores of advice books targeted at entrepreneurs are published each year.
Apple Computer Rises After Net More Than Doubles on IPod Sales Apple Computer Inc. shares rose as much as 6.5 percent after the company said fourth-quarter net income more than doubled on surging demand for iPods and forecast profit and sales this quarter that will beat analysts #39; estimates.
Update 1: Sony Ericsson Posts 3Q Earns of \$111.1M Cell phone maker Sony Ericsson nearly doubled its third-quarter profit, the company announced Thursday, thanks to continued sales of its new feature-rich phones that boast bright colors, improved cameras and faster speeds.
Cards strike first: Overpower Astros in Game 1 victory Conventional wisdom said that when the Cardinals and Astros hooked up in the National League Championship Series, there might be a few runs scored.
Briefs: Plummer to remove sticker Plummer to remove sticker: Broncos quarterback Jake Plummer cut a deal with the NFL on Wednesday to remove the sticker memorializing former teammate Pat Tillman from his helmet in exchange for finding other ways to honor him.
A Mountain Too High Less than a week after a historic 29-17 victory over Pittsburgh - UConn #39;s first as a Big East Conference member -he Huskies were no match for the conference #39;s best team, West Virginia.
La Russa familiar with this scene The Cardinals' late-season acquisition of outfielder Larry Walker continues to reap dividends.
Being on sideline isn't sitting well with Pettitte The Astros lifted a 42-year-old hex when they eliminated the Braves Monday night and advanced past the first round of the playoffs for the first time in franchise history. Houston lifers such as Craig Biggio and Jeff Bagwell were finally liberated from years of postseason futility, but former Yankee Andy Pettitte, already the owner of four World ...
New spin on rotation? If tired-armed righthander Orlando Hernandez continues to feel better, he may well get the call for Game 4 Saturday ahead of Javier Vazquez . Hernandez, who has not pitched this postseason, threw 40 pitches in the bullpen yesterday and came through it well, according to Yankees manager Joe Torre .
Closer makes short work in nick of time We try not to make assumptions, but can we all agree that Mariano Rivera's commute to work yesterday was a little bit easier and decidedly less stressful than the one the day before?
Jeter, Rivera a winning combination When Derek Jeter was a 19-year-old shortstop for Single A Tampa, manager Jake Gibbs watched him play a few games and gave Jeter the green light on the bases. Gibbs trusted Jeter's instincts so much that he was comfortable letting him decide when he should try and steal.
Olerud makes the list The man who delivered the knockout punch was picked up from the Seattle scrap heap just after the All-Star Game. Before that, John Olerud certainly hadn't figured on facing Pedro Martinez in Yankee Stadium in October.
Experts: Surgery only effective option The extent of Red Sox ace Curt Schilling's ankle injury virtually guarantees that he will not be in top form until surgeons repair his damaged right ankle after the season, according to medical experts.
Lowe ready to contribute in any role All the baseball world yesterday learned that a pitcher's ankle bone is connected to his pitching bone, but the late-afternoon revelation here at Yankee Stadium was the medical/anatomical bulletin that Curt Schilling's ankle bone is connected to Derek Lowe's pitching bone.
A rivalry that borders on obsession From the book,  quot;The Rivals quot; by the baseball writers of the Boston Globe and New York Times, published by St. Martin's Press.
Today's schedule College field hockey: Bryant at Stonehill, 3:30 p.m.; Bentley at Tufts, 4 p.m.; Fitchburg St. at Regis, 4 p.m.; Westfield St. at Framingham St., 4 p.m.; Franklin Pierce at Assumption, 4 p.m.; Babson at Amherst, 4 p.m.; Conn. College at Mt. Holyoke, 4:30 p.m.
Ashcroft Vows Piracy Assault Move over, terrorism. Attorney General John Ashcroft pledges to make fighting piracy a top priority for the Justice Department. By Katie Dean.
IndyMedia Gets Its Servers Back Critical hardware is back in hand, but websites run by the collective news organization remain offline after a mysterious seizure. Nobody seems to know who confiscated the servers or why. By Wendy M. Grossman.
All-Science TV Network Kicks Off The Science Network launches its first program in an effort to educate the masses about stem-cell research and other vital topics. Don't yawn -- you need this. By Kristen Philipkoski.
Water Filters Rely on Nanotech Advancements in nanotechnology are increasingly being applied in the water-purification industry, where keeping harmful microbes out of drinking water requires nano-scale innovation. By Michael Bradbury.
Diesels, Hybrids Fated to Wed Linking hybrid motors with diesel engines would create the most fuel-efficient mainstream vehicles to date, auto industry experts say. While the technology is already used for buses, automakers look to extend it to other vehicles. By John Gartner.
Dumbing Down Smart Objects Forget about cumbersome, multifunctional PDAs. The future is an open book. By Bruce Sterling from Wired magazine.
FDA Says Docs Can Chip Patients The Food and Drug Administration gives doctors the go-ahead to implant radio frequency microchips in patients. When scanned, the chips will release patients' medical information to doctors, speeding care.
Sun shines on interoperability progress with Microsoft Microsoft and Sun have declared some progress in their efforts to achieve interoperability citing co-operation on web services standardisation and deployment of Windows on Sun systems.
Team Wants to Clone Human Embryos Harvard scientists ask the school's ethics board to allow production of embryonic stem cells. If approved, the controversial procedure would boost research that could lead to cures for many diseases.
Study Shows Adolescence Affects Breast Cancer By LINDA A. JOHNSON     (AP) -- The way a girl grows during adolescence and even in the womb may play an important, if murky, role in her risk of breast cancer later in life, a study suggests...
iPod Mini gets new challenge from Dell roundup Pocket DJ 5 has bigger drive, smaller price tag. Virgin's got a tiny tunesmith, too.
Dell grapples with Apple in Mini arena Pocket DJ 5 undercuts price of iPod Mini music player. Consumer push also includes plasma-screen TVs.
Yahoo's 3rd Quarter Profit Nearly Quadruples By MICHAEL LIEDTKE     SAN FRANCISCO (AP) -- Things are going so well for Internet powerhouse Yahoo Inc. (YHOO) these days that even some of its toughest competition is helping to boost its profits...
Group Posts Surveillance Camera Locations By MARK JEWELL    CAMBRIDGE, Mass. (AP) -- The surveillance cameras that keep watch over our daily activities are being watched...
Jets Hardly Miss a Beat With the Line So in Tune IN football terms, it #39;s simply known as an offensive line, but Jets right tackle Kareem McKenzie compares it to an orchestra. Call it the Meadowlands Pops.
Bank of America Profit Up 29 Percent Bank of America Corp. (BAC.N: Quote, Profile, Research) , the No. 3 US bank, on Thursday said third-quarter profit rose 29 percent, helped by its purchase of FleetBoston Financial Corp.
Microsoft unveils Windows XP Media Center Edition 2005 Microsoft has unveiled its Windows XP Media Centre Edition 2005, its media-centric computing offering, which allows users to access the usual capabilities of a Windows XP-based PC but focussed on delivering media content such as music, digital photography 
Coventry Health to Buy First Health Coventry Health Care Inc. (CVH.N: Quote, Profile, Research) said on Thursday it agreed to buy rival health plan First Health Group Corp.
European probe of Intel expanded The European Commission on Wednesday expanded its investigation to determine whether public institutions in Europe gave an unfair advantage to Intel Corp.
NIB and Northern jobs must be protected - IBOA Staff at National Irish and Northern Banks must be protected if the institutions are sold, a leading finance union warned today. Larry Broderick, general secretary of the Irish Bank Officials Association (IBOA 
Beckham virus: affair pics infect the net Virus writers are exploiting the publicity surrounding England football captain David Beckham, offering photos proving that he has been having an affair, to infect computer users PCs with the malicious Hackarmy trojan virus.
Davenport takes WTA top ranking WTA rankings, which is released on Monday, will see Lindsay Davenport taking over the top spot from France #39;s Amelie Mauresmo after the American reaching the Kremlin Cup quarter 
Samsung boasts long history Annika Sorenstam has played in the Samsung World Championship every year since 1995, winning the title three times. So Sorenstam has as good of a perspective as anyone about what the tournament means to players.
Humans raise risk of Europe heat wave Human activity has raised the risk of more heat waves like last years, which gave Europe probably its hottest summer since 1500, scientists said on Wednesday.
German leader touts for business in rehabilitated Libya (AFP) AFP - German Chancellor Gerhard Schroeder travels to Libya to add impetus to the former pariah state's transition to democracy and finalise several major business deals.
Deepnet browser guards against phishing On the heels of a new Netscape preview release and the launch of Firefox 1.0, a UK company has released a web browser it claims is more secure than Internet Explorer (IE) or Firefox.
Blasts Kill Eight in Baghdad's Green Zone BAGHDAD, Iraq - Insurgents set off explosives at an outdoor market and a cafe popular with Americans inside Baghdad's heavily fortified Green Zone on Thursday, killing eight civilians and wounding others, officials said.    The attack appeared to be the first time insurgents have successfully infiltrated and set off bombs in the heart of the U.S.-Iraqi leadership of the country...
Apple beats 4Q forecasts with fivefold increase in iPod sales NEW YORK, October 14 (newratings.com) - Apple Computer (AAPL.NAS) reported its highest fourth-quarter sales in the past nine years for 4Q FY04, while the company #39;s quarterly profits more than doubled on ay/y basis.
Coventry Health Buys First Health Group DOWNERS GROVE, Ill. - Coventry Health Care Inc. is buying managed health care company First Health Group Corp. for \$1.8 billion in cash and stock in a deal that would create a national health benefits company 
Nexen reports higher Q3 earnings, cuts production forecast CALGARY - Oil and gas company Nexen Inc. posted higher third-quarter earnings on Thursday, but also lowered its production target for the year.
Sale considered for Northern Bank The owners of the Northern Bank have confirmed for the first time that it may be on the market. The National Australia Bank has said it will consider selling its operations on both sides of the Irish border.
Disney to cut crusading Miramax bosses free of contract : report Walt Disney Co. has given maverick Hollywood movie moguls Harvey and Bob Weinstein notice that it intends to end their Oscar-winning partnership after 12 years.
Allstate to reduce policies in Florida In the first major insurance fallout from four hurricanes that inflicted billions of dollars of damage in Florida, Allstate Corp. said Wednesday that it would restrict sales of insurance policies in the state.
Beckham is e-male of choice ENGLAND soccer captain David Beckham is at the centre of a fresh scandal, this time an innocent victim involving a Spanish prostitute.
India Rallies as Australia Slumps; Warne Ties Record (Update1) Anil Kumble led a fightback by India, trailing 1-0 in the four-match cricket series, as Australia slumped to 235 all out on the first day of the second Test.
Turkish Cypriot consortium intends to takeover Fulham Turkish Cypriot brothers Halil and Husnu Falyali have said they were close to buying Fulham football club and that if they took control would look to sign players of the calibre of England captain David Beckham.
Mauresmo withdraws from Moscow Mauresmo was a runner-up in Moscow and a winner in Philadephia last year while Davenport didn #39;t play at all due to injury. According to the new standings released today Mauresmo has 4395 points to Davenport #39;s 4380.
Van Nistelrooy fires Dutch GOALS in either half from Manchester United striker Ruud van Nistelrooy lifted the Dutch in this World Cup qualifier today. Marco van Basten #39;s blundering side got off to a slow start and were put to the test 
GM to Cut 12,000 Jobs in Europe Revamp General Motors Europe will slash its workforce by around a fifth, cutting as many as 12,000 jobs in a bid to halt chronic losses in the region, the world #39;s biggest carmaker said on Thursday.
Israeli police chiefs tour Temple Mount ahead of Ramadan Police commanders toured the Al Aqsa Mosque compound Thursday, ahead of a final decision by Prime Minister Ariel Sharon on whether to restrict access of Muslim worshippers.
Hollywood Embraces HD DVD HD DVD is gaining momentum with Hollywood studios. Several studios have announced their intentions to go with the Toshiba format, among them New Line Cinema, Paramount 
NetSuite injects apps with 'upsell' features, improves analytics ASP NetSuite on Thursday unveiled the latest version of its hosted applications suite with a focus on "upsell" and e-commerce functionality.
Canadian fans celebrate ITunes launch TORONTO (CP) - ITunes finally launched in Canada on Thursday, bringing with it over 700,000 songs, exclusive tracks, celebrity playlists and multiple CD burning rights.
E-Voting Machine Crash Deepens Election Concerns A computer crash that forced a pre-election test of electronic voting machines to be postponed was trumpeted by critics as proof of the balloting technology's unreliability.
Comic Strip Spurs Surge in Internet Traffic By ELLEN SIMON    NEW YORK (AP) -- Need any proof that traditional media can send readers to the Web? Look no further than this week's Doonesbury.    The cartoon, which is in about 1,400 daily and Sunday newspapers and appears online at "Slate," this week features character Mark Slackmeyer as Mr...
Sony #39;s MP3 Walkman With its new Walkman music player, Sony has broken with its tradition of promoting its own proprietary formats. The NW-HD3 will let users import and export tracks in the 
Kozlowski: Legal Bills In Tyco Case Top \$25M Justice may be blind, but it ain #39;t cheap: Tyco International #39;s (nyse: TYC - news - people ) former chief executive and chief financial officer say their legal bills have topped \$25 million and they want a second insurance company to pick up the extras.
Rugby-Gregan signs with Wallabies through 2007 World Cup Australia captain George Gregan has signed a three-year contract with the Wallabies which will take him through the 2007 World Cup in France.
Search Engines and The Meta Description Tag Search Engines and The Meta Description Tag\\The keywords and phrases you use in your Meta description tag don't affect your page's ranking in the search engines (for the most part), but this tag can still come in handy in your overall SEO campaigns. What Is the Meta Description Tag?\\The Meta ...
Study: Mobile phone use increases brain tumor risk (MacCentral) MacCentral - Ten or more years of mobile phone use can dramatically increase the risk of developing a benign tumor on the auditory nerve, according to a study conducted by the Institute of Environmental Medicine at Karolinska Institutet in Stockholm.
Nokia Q3 Profits Drop; Sees Strong Sales (Reuters) Reuters - Nokia, the world's largest mobile\phone maker, reported lower third-quarter earnings on Thursday\after cutting handset prices to win back market share but said\sales volumes were strong as it moves into the key year-end\shopping season.
Ancient Fossil Is Found on Danish Island (AP) AP - A Swedish geologist has found what appears to be the oldest known fossil from a mammal ever found in Scandinavia  #151; a 145-million-year-old tooth from a prehistoric rodent, a Swedish university said Thursday.
Hoax bomb threat forces flight to Stansted (AFP) AFP - A Virgin Atlantic flight from Hong Kong to London was forced to divert to a less busy airport by what turned out to be a hoax bomb threat.
Video: Kidnapped Turkish Driver Beheaded (AP) AP - A man identified as a Turkish truck driver kidnapped in Iraq was beheaded in a video shown on an Islamic Web site Thursday.
Earnings alert: Nokia sees lower profit Plus: Adobe strong despite drop...Linux demand lifts Red Hat profit...Strong sales of phones, other gadgets boost PalmOne profit.
Apple #39;s IPod Shows No Signs Of Slowing Down Credit Suisse First Boston raised estimates on Apple Computer (nasdaq: AAPL - news - people ) and raised the target price. CSFB said the company #39;s latest fiscal fourth-quarter results were the strongest since 
BofA meets Wall Street #39;s projections with third-quarter results CHARLOTTE, NC Bank of America #39;s third-quarter profit meets Wall Street #39;s expectations with a continued boost in business from the FleetBoston Financial merger.
Treasuries flat as jobless rise, trade worsens Treasury debt prices ticked higher briefly before turning flat on Thursday after jobless claims rose more than forecast and the US trade deficit balooned even wider than expected.
Sony Ericsson profits from mobile growth Mobile phone maker Sony Ericsson has reported a steep year-on-year incline in revenues for the third quarter, as the public appetite for sophisticated handsets heightens.
Merck repeats: We didn #39;t know of Vioxx threat Merck (MRK) officials on Wednesday called a press conference to reiterate that they did not believe until last month that Vioxx raised users #39; risk of heart attacks or strokes.
MSN Music Falls Just Short of iTunes #39; High Marks MSN Music is a US-only shop, unlike iTunes, and doesn #39;t offer any gift certificates or purchase allowances, although those are planned for later.
Sun adds nVidia power to Java Workstations Sun Microsystems has added nVidia Quadro graphics technology to the Java Workstations it detailed last month. The vendor has included the technology in its W1100z and W2100z models, which are based on AMD 
Rolen Breaks Out of Slump to Help Cards Win (AP) AP - Scott Rolen is contributing again  #151; and that's bad news for the Houston Astros. The Cardinals twice rallied from a two-run deficit in their 10-7 victory over the Houston Astros in Game 1 of the National League championship series on Wednesday night. Rolen was responsible for tying it the second time, ending a 3-for-32 slump with a line-drive single in the fifth inning.
Brown's Back and Grizzlies Are Happy (AP) AP - Hubie Brown is back the Memphis Grizzlies  #151; and nobody is surprised. Even after coaching the Grizzlies to the best season in franchise history, Brown declined to talk about his future with the team. He insisted he had to get a checkup and talk things over with his family  #151; all before deciding whether to return for another season.
Martinez can #39;t do much more for Boston, daddy-o For all of the fuss about Pedro Martinez #39;s genealogical assertions, the critical factor in the American League Championship Series has been Boston #39;s inability to provide for its pitchers.
Brown: Let Berti decide Former Scotland manager Craig Brown insists the only person who should be allowed to decide Berti Vogts #39; future is Vogts himself.
Service betrays Paradorn in Vienna American Robby Ginepri advanced to the quarterfinals of the CA Trophy in Vienna on Thursday with a 6-2 6-1 win over fifth-seeded Paradorn Srichaphan of Thailand.
Furcal Expected to Get Concurrent Sentence (AP) AP - Atlanta Braves shortstop Rafael Furcal is expected to plead guilty in Atlanta traffic court Thursday to his second drunken driving charge.
Atapattu cracks hundred to lead Sri Lanka to 293-6 (AFP) AFP - Skipper Marvan Atapattu hit a sparkling hundred to lead Sri Lanka to 293-6 in the last day-night league match against Pakistan at Gaddafi stadium here.
IPod puts Apple #39;s net far ahead of forecasts Apple Computer has announced that its fourth-quarter profit more than doubled because of continued strong sales of iPod music players, beating Wall Street estimates by a wide margin despite a shortage of semiconductors used in its computers.
Finland First, US Second in Economy Survey The Nordics fared well because of their long-held ideals of keeping corruption clamped down and respect for contracts, rule of law and dedication to one-on-one business relationships.
Bank of America Net Up on Consumer, Fleet Bank of America Corp. (BAC.N: Quote, Profile, Research) , the No. 3 US bank, on Thursday said third-quarter profit rose 29 percent, helped by its purchase of FleetBoston Financial Corp.
Coventry Health to Buy First Health Coventry Health Care Inc. on Thursday said it agreed to buy rival health plan First Health Group Corp. for \$1.8 billion in stock and cash as it looks to expand its geographic reach and keep pace with rivals.
Shares of low-cost carrier ATA jump on merger talk Shares of ATA Holdings Corp. (ATAH.O: Quote, Profile, Research) jumped as much as 22 percent on the Nasdaq on Thursday morning after a Wall Street Journal report that America West 
Deal will bring supplies to Baja California site WASHINGTON (CBS.MW) -- An arm of Shell International announced Thursday a 20-year deal to provide 500 million cubic feet of liquid natural gas per day to a receiving terminal Sempra Energy is developing.
UPDATE 3-Winnebago earns up on diesel mobile-home demand Recreational vehicle maker Winnebago Industries Inc. (WGO.N: Quote, Profile, Research) reported stronger-than-expected quarterly earnings on Thursday as more people 
Update 1: Alitalia Reports Heavy Losses Struggling Italian carrier Alitalia said it lost euro620 million (US\$767 million) in the first half of the year, almost double the airline #39;s euro315 million (US\$360 million) losses for the same period the previous year.
Chinese textile makers concerned at petition against their &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Chinese textile manufacturers saidThursday they are  quot;highly concerned quot; by a petition posted by United States textile industry to limit Chinese textile products in the US market.
McTeer to head Texas A amp;M System The president of the Federal Reserve Bank of Dallas is in line to be the next chancellor of the Texas A amp;M University System. Robert D. McTeer Jr.
Crew Blasts Off for Space Station A Russian rocket carrying two cosmonauts and one US astronaut launched successfully Thursday on a mission to the International Space Station.
Trojan Tries To Hack It Like Beckham Infected computers can be used as  quot;zombies quot; to send spam or launch attacks on Web sites. Spreading Trojans via chat rooms is not unusual.
 #39;Google #39; Your Cluttered Computer Online search-engine leader Google is targeting the computer hard drive with software that promises to scour the clutter of documents, e-mails, instant messages and other stored files.
Music industry wins court ruling against song-swappers UK record companies today fired the opening salvo in their legal battle with music fans who illegally share tracks on the internet, winning a court order to obtain the names and addresses of 28 people alleged to have given away tens of thousands of tracks 
Dell Rides Wave to Consumer Gadgets Consumers buy Dell products directly from the company rather than through retail stores. That has allowed Dell to gobble market share for PCs, laptops and servers and become the No.
Brit cuffed in US net sex investigation Police in Austin, Texas, want to question a Yorkshire man over allegations that he had sex with a teenage girl he met in an internet chatroom.
Mac Users Get MS Office 2004 SP 1 The pack addresses several stability issues with Microsoft Word, PowerPoint, Excel and Entourage and Microsoft Visual Basic for Applications for Office 2004.
Burt Rutan: Building  #39;Tomorrowland #39; One Launch at a Time MOJAVE, California -- Nobody can claim that Burt Rutan, the innovative aerospace designer, doesnt have his head in the cloudsand his eyes focused on the stars.
Rockets nip Kings as NBA travels to China Hometown hero Yao Ming scored 14 points to lead the Houston Rockets to an 88-86 win over the Sacramento Kings Thursday night in the first ever NBA game played in China.
Ecclestone: No more talks Bernie Ecclestone says he #39;s not prepared to negotiate his offer to promote the British Grand Prix at Silverstone. The race was given provisional status on the 2005 Formula One calendar, pending successful 
Astros look to pull in even in Game 2 ST. LOUIS (Ticker) -- Fresh off a convincing win in Game One of the National League Championship Series, the St. Louis Cardinals will try to use another favorable pitching matchup Thursday when they meet the Houston Astros in Game Two.
Gregan re-signs with ARU Australian captain George Gregan has re-signed with the Australian Rugby Union for three years, the ARU and the ACT Brumbies said Thursday.
Suicide Bombs Kill 5 in Baghdad #39;s Green Zone Two suicide bombers killed five people, including three US nationals, on Thursday in one of the bloodiest attacks inside Baghdad #39;s fortified Green Zone, and America #39;s top enemy in Iraq claimed responsibility.
Cargo Plane Crashes in Eastern Canada A firefighter walks past a large section of a Boeing 747cargo plane owned by MK Airlines of Britain at the Halifax International Airport on Thursday, Oct. 14, 2004 in Canada.
Bombs Rock The  #39;Green Zone #39; BAGHDAD (CBS) Two explosions rocked Baghdad #39;s heavily fortified Green Zone in quick succession Thursday, killing five people, at least three of them Americans, according to reports.
Video: Kidnapped Turkish Driver Beheaded CAIRO, Egypt Oct. 14, 2004 - A man identified as a Turkish truck driver kidnapped in Iraq was beheaded in a video shown on an Islamic Web site Thursday.
Israeli commander  #39;emptied rifle #39; into girl AN Israeli army company commander has been suspended from duty while superiors investigate claims he fired 20 bullets into the prostrate body of a 13-year-old Palestinian girl.
Former Haitian Soldiers Vow to Provide Security in Port-Au-Prince Former Haitian soldiers who fought to oust former President Jean-Bertrand Aristide say they intend to provide security to help stop street violence in the capital, Port-au-Prince.
Mourning for submariner spans an ocean HALIFAX - Navy Lieut. Chris Saunders was honoured as a joyful father and a fearless sailor yesterday by mourners on both sides of the ocean following last week #39;s tragic fire on HMCS Chicoutimi.
A night of back-and-forth jabs, stereotyping, quips (USATODAY.com) USATODAY.com - In their final debate Wednesday night, President Bush and Sen. John Kerry didn't only thrust and parry for 90 minutes. They also displayed their strategy for the next 19 days.
NY AG to Sue Insurers for Manipulation  NEW YORK (Reuters) - New York Attorney General Eliot  Spitzer is launching a suit against several prominent  participants in the insurance industry, including AIG and  broker Marsh   McLennan Cos. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MMC.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;MMC.N&lt;/A&gt;, charging they engaged in  market manipulation, Spitzer's office said.
Confusion Over Vote Count in Landmark Afghan Election  KABUL (Reuters) - Confusion surrounded the start of vote  counting in Afghanistan's landmark presidential poll on  Thursday, with some election officials saying the tally had  begun but others adamant it had not.
Copper Slide Continues  LONDON (Reuters) - Copper prices declined a further 2  percent on Thursday on selling by hedge funds that has toppled  the key industrial metal off 16-year peaks hit on Monday.
Iraq Nuke Sites Were Stripped by Experts-Diplomats  VIENNA (Reuters) - The removal of Iraq's mothballed nuclear  facilities took around one year and was carried out by experts  with heavy machinery and demolition equipment, diplomats close  to the U.N. said on Thursday.
New Somali President Calls for Peacekeepers  NAIROBI (Reuters) - Somalia's new president, Abdullahi  Yusuf, called on the world to send peacekeepers to disarm the  militias that rule his anarchic country while pledging his help  to fight international terrorism.
Ghanaian Cargo Jet Crashes in Canada, Seven Dead  OTTAWA (Reuters) - A Ghanaian-registered Boeing 747 cargo  jet crashed and burned on take off from Halifax airport in  eastern Canada on Thursday, killing all seven crew on board,  police said.
Russia Finishes Building Iran Nuclear Plant  MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russia and Iran said Thursday they had  finished construction of an atomic power plant in the Islamic  Republic -- a project the United States fears Tehran could use  to make nuclear arms.
Pricing, Europe Weigh on GM Results General Motors Corp.'s third-quarter earnings rose 3.5 percent, but the company's automotive business lost \$130 million primarily because of heavy losses in Europe and lower production and intense pricing pressure in North America.
Oil prices rise yet again in US The price of crude reaches a new high in the US,  driven up by official data showing a decline in heating oil stocks.
Union agrees to Karstadt job cuts Struggling German department store KarstadtQuelle reaches agreement with its main union to cut 5,500 jobs,  a move which should help save  it 760m euros.
Copper takes another hammering Copper prices fall for the second day running amid fears of falling demand from key markets in China and the US.
Networks Rescues Nokia Growth at Nokia Corp. #39;s (NYSE: NOK - message board) Networks division continues to keep company net sales afloat, with the Finnish vendor today predicting healthy times ahead for the cellular infrastructure market.
UPDATE 5-Coventry Health to buy First Health for \$1.8 bln Coventry Health Care Inc. (CVH.N: Quote, Profile, Research) said on Thursday it agreed to buy rival health plan First Health Group Corp.
Jordan denies 'secret US prison' Jordan demands proof of a claim that senior al-Qaeda suspects are being held at a secret US base in the country.
Els miffed at PGA stance Els said the American-based Tour wants him to play in more events, but he considers himself a global golfer.  quot;I think they need to understand that I think the golfing world has changed 
Sven #39;s men shape up their Owen way DON #39;T think the Sven-Goran Eriksson formation team will keep performing the quickstep despite their cavalier style against Azerbaijan.
Kumble #39;s magic stumps Aussies Chennai: Anil Kumble wove his magic over the strong Australian batting line up with a deadly seven for 48 to bundle out the visitors for 235 and give his team an opportunity to level the series after the opening day of the second cricket Test on Thursday.
Davenport back on top of the world Lindsay Davenport has taken over as world number one on the WTA rankings list, following her 6-4, 6-2 win over Dinara Safina at the Kremlin Cup in Russia.
Ex-soldier, rebel  amp; warlord sworn in Somalia President : A former soldier, rebel and warlord was sworn in today as the new President of Somalia in the latest attempt to unite the nation under a Central Government for the first time since 1991.
Google search becomes personal Google has released a tool that lets people search documents, e-mails or spreadsheets stored on a PC.
Nokia grows phone market share in better-than-expected quarterly &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Nokia has announced its third quarter results, beating expectations and growing market share, but showing a decline in revenues from mobile phones after a price cuts pushed through in the previous quarter.
New crew blasts off for space station BAIKONUR, KAZAKHSTAN - A Russian-US crew lifted off on a two-day journey to the international space station, where their first priority will be to fix a broken generator.
Ginepri ousts Srichaphan at CA Trophy American Robby Ginepri advanced to the quarterfinals of the CA Trophy with a 6-2, 6-1 win Thursday over fifth-seeded Paradorn Srichaphan of Thailand.
Furcal gets concurrent sentence on second impaired driving charge Atlanta Braves shortstop Rafael Furcal, who is serving a 21-day jail sentence for being arrested while on probation, pleaded guilty Thursday to his second drunk driving charge.
Rice, Al huddle on receiver #39;s options After listening to Jerry Rice spend two days talking about his desire to move on to a team that will better utilize his services, the Oakland Raiders got the message Wednesday.
7 killed in crash of cargo jet in Canada OTTAWA - A Boeing 747 cargo jet registered in Ghana crashed and burned on take-off from Halifax airport in the eastern Canadian province of Nova Scotia on Thursday, killing all seven crew on board, police said.
G.M.'s Earnings Are Weak; Plans to Cut 12,000 Jobs in Europe General Motors lowered its forecast for the entire year only hours after announcing plans to cut 12,000 jobs in Europe by 2006.
Trojan Uses Beckham to Entice According to anti-virus firm Sophos, there are quite a few messages posted about pictures of Beckham with a woman in an enticing position.
Google intros desktop search tool The long-rumoured Google desktop search is now available for download from desktop.google.com. The new beta application allows users to index and search their emails, documents, Web history and instant messenger chats.
Southwest Airlines Third-Quarter Profit Increases Southwest Airlines Co. reported a 12 percent jump in profit today, as its decision to buy fuel in advance helped insulate the low-cost carrier from rising fuel prices.
Trade Deficit Surges; Jobless Claims Up The U.S. trade deficit, propelled by a record foreign oil bill, surged to \$54 billion in August, the second highest level in history.
5 Killed as 2 Bombs Explode Inside Baghdad Green Zone Three American civilians were killed in a brazen attack that punctured any illusions of a safe haven in the capital.
Rockets Nip Kings As NBA Travels to China SHANGHAI, China - Hometown hero Yao Ming scored 14 points to lead the Houston Rockets to an 88-86 win over the Sacramento Kings Thursday night in the first ever NBA game played in China.    The Rockets' Brad Miller led the scoring with 19 points, but it was the Houston center who garnered the most attention...
Stocks Fall on GM Earnings, Higher Oil NEW YORK - A disappointing earnings report from General Motors Corp. and another rise in crude oil prices sent stocks lower Thursday as investors grew even more nervous about the economy...
Blasts Kill Five in Baghdad's Green Zone BAGHDAD, Iraq - Insurgents penetrated Baghdad's heavily fortified Green Zone and set off bombs at a market and a popular cafe Thursday, killing five people, including three Americans, the U.S. military said, in a bold attack on the compound housing the U.S...
Blasts Kill Seven in Baghdad's Green Zone BAGHDAD, Iraq - Insurgents penetrated Baghdad's heavily fortified Green Zone and set off bombs at a market and a popular cafe Thursday, killing seven people, including two Americans, the U.S. military said, in a bold attack on the compound housing the U.S...
Liberty Media's Live Sellout Donald Trump and QVC learn that live television may promise plenty but deliver slowly.
Nokia Profit Drops But Sees Strong Sales Nokia, the world #39;s biggest cell phone maker, reported lower third-quarter earnings on Thursday after cutting prices to claw back market share, but said sales were strong as it enters the key Christmas season.
Shell Eastern Trading Signs Gas Supply Deal with Russias &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Russian gas company, Sakhalin Energy Investment Company Ltd, said it has signed a deal to supply Shell Eastern Trading Ltd with LNG over a 20 year period for the North American market, the AFX news agency reported on Thursday.
Toshiba to make chips for Xilinx TOKYO: Toshiba said on Thursday it would make programmable microchips for Xilinx from the first quarter of the 2005 calendar year, in a deal seen helping shield the Japanese firm from fluctuations in global demand.
Toshiba to Fab Xilinx FPGAs Marking what the companies believe is the beginning of continued cooperation in next-generation manufacturing technology, Toshiba Corp.
Fla. to Begin Everglades Overhaul Project (AP) AP - The state plans to start eight projects related to Everglades restoration, including building reservoirs that could ease suburban flooding and environmental damage from hurricanes, officials said Thursday.
Good sportsmanship, or dissent? As the first day of the second Test between India and Australia in Chennai progressed, umpire David Shepherd #39;s face progressively turned deeper shades of mauve -- and the heat in Chennai had nothing to do with it.
ON SOCCER Beckham apologizes for intentional foul David Beckham #39;s remarkable goal in England #39;s 2-0 victory over Wales has been overshadowed by the controversy over whether he picked up a second yellow card on purpose.
Russia Completes Construction of Nuclear Power Plant in Iran G-8 countries, consisting of the seven largest industrialized countries and Russia met regarding Iran #39;s nuclear program. Iranian Deputy Prime Minister Gulariza Aghazade, the head of Iran #39;s atomic energy program 
Nigeria Strike Expected to End Thursday Nigerian labor leaders say they will end a four-day old general strike called to protest rising fuel prices in Africa #39;s largest oil-producing nation.
Ballot counting begins in Afghanistan Counting of ballots began in Afghanistan Thursday, five days after the country #39;s first direct elections for president, the BBC reported.
Burt Rutan: Building 'Tomorrowland' One Launch at a Time (SPACE.com) SPACE.com - MOJAVE, California nbsp;-- Nobody can claim that Burt \Rutan, the innovative aerospace designer, doesn't have his head in the \cloudsand his eyes focused on the stars.
Expedition 10 Crew Successfully Launches Into Space (SPACE.com) SPACE.com - A fresh space station crew and one visiting cosmonaut are on\their way to the International Space Station (ISS) after their Soyuz rocket\pierced the skies above Kazakhstan during a flawless launch today.
UK ranked eleventh in competitive economies THE UK is the 11th most competitive economy in the world, according to the World Economic Forums rankings. Finland topped the rankings as the most competitive economy, for the third time in the last four years.
AmWest in talks to buy ATA, report says America West Airlines is in talks to buy all or part of ATA Holdings Corp., parent of ATA Airlines, the Wall Street Journal reported Wednesday night on its Web site.
Toshiba to make image-processing chips for US firm Xilinx TOKYO, Oct 14, 2004 (Kyodo via COMTEX) -- Toshiba Corp. said Thursday it has been entrusted with manufacturing high-end image-processing semiconductor chips for US chipmaker Xilinx Inc.
Crude climbs ahead of inventory data SAN FRANCISCO (AFX) -- Crude-oil futures climbed back toward \$54 a barrel, with traders eagerly awaiting weekly petroleum data to find out how the recovery in the Gulf of Mexico has affected US oil and natural-gas inventories.
A toll with appeal ALL that was missing was a nice kiss on the bottom. Bracksie #39;s Government is forking out a lazy \$300 million so Macquarie Bank and Leighton Holdings, the victorious consortium in the Mitcham-Frankston tollroad 
Google Releases Desktop-Search Tool Google has released Google Desktop Search, which enables users to search their desktop computers using the same technology as Google #39;s online-search tool.
Halo 2 Xbox game leaks over the Net According to reports, copies of the eagerly awaited Halo 2 Xbox game made an impromptu debut last night on Usenet groups and pirate sites.
Englishman arrested for assaulting child Austin police are working with overseas officials to bring charges against an English man for sexual assault of a child, a second-degree felony.
Halo 2 leaked, Microsoft reacts angrily Halo 2, Microsoft #39;s most prized Xbox asset and its biggest hope for success this Christmas, has been leaked onto the Internet just days after developer Bungie officially completed work on the game and announced that it had shipped it off to manufacturing 
FOOTBALL: UNITED #39;S FANS GET ALL SHIRTY MANCHESTER United fans have been urged to boycott official club merchandise in a bid to thwart Malcolm Glazer #39;s planned 800million takeover of the club.
Ginepri Ousts Srichaphan at CA Trophy VIENNA, Austria - American Robby Ginepri advanced to the quarterfinals of the CA Trophy with a 6-2, 6-1 win Thursday over fifth-seeded Paradorn Srichaphan of Thailand.
Montoya to be summoned by FIA over conduct Formula One #39;s governing body will summon Juan Pablo Montoya to a meeting in December to explain his conduct, motor sport sources said today.
Atlanta #39;s Furcal Pleads Guilty To Second DUI Atlanta, GA -- Atlanta Braves shortstop Rafael Furcal pleaded guilty on Thursday to his second drunken driving charge. The 2000 National League Rookie of the Year is currently serving a 21-day jail sentence 
Rice wants more action, here or somewhere else After spending part of his 42nd birthday Wednesday reiterating his dissatisfaction with his shrinking role with the Raiders and expressing his desire to play somewhere else, Jerry Rice scheduled an evening meeting with owner Al Davis to discuss the state 
A new, innovative way to fight crime Crime has been a serious social problem for a long time.  Many crime-fighting methods have been tried, from more police on the streets to education to family values but none have been able to totally eliminate the problem.
Google offers desktop search engine Known for its Internet search engine, Mountain View-based Google Inc. on Thursday announced a beta desktop search application that it says enables users to search their e-mail, files, web history, and chats.
Indymedia seizures: a trawl for Genoa G8 trial cover-up? Injunction sought to prevent export of journalists' data
BT sets heavy mob on &lt;cite&gt;El Reg&lt;/cite&gt; Distraught staff receive counselling over unpaid bill
Consumer, privacy groups demand seat at Kazaa trial To prevent public interest issues being overlooked
Music firms win 'pirates' ruling The UK music industry is granted a court order forcing ISPs to reveal the names of alleged illegal file-sharers.
Glazer #39;s bid  #39;close to collapse #39; MALCOLM Glazers bid to takeover Manchester United was rumoured to be close to collapse following a dramatic fall in the club #39;s share prices.
Google Unveils Desktop Search, Takes on Microsoft  MOUNTAIN VIEW, Calif. (Reuters) - Google Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=GOOG.O qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;GOOG.O&lt;/A&gt; on  Thursday rolled out a preliminary version of its new desktop  search tool, making the first move against its major  competitors in the race to provide tools for finding  information buried in computer hard drives.
Starbucks Expanding Custom CD Service to 45 Stores  LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - Starbucks Corp. on Wednesday said  customers will be able to make custom music CDs at 45 of its  U.S. coffee shops by later this month, the first step in a plan  to expand the service nationwide.
iMac, iPod, iConquered The iPod digital music player is flying off store shelves faster than ever, prompting the media to conclude that Apple is no longer just a quirky little computer maker from Silicon Valley. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-washingtonpost.com&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Google Releases Desktop Search Tool Google released a free tool today that lets people simultaneously search the Web and their personal computers for information, a move analysts described as a potential blow to rivals. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
China pledges stable money policy Chinese leaders have closed a key economic meeting with pledges to maintain stable fiscal and monetary policies in 2005 and keep a tight lid on fixed-asset investment.
Machinists union votes not to strike against Pratt  amp; Whitney HARTFORD, Conn. -- Union workers on Sunday voted overwhelmingly against going out on strike at jet engine manufacturer Pratt  amp; Whitney, and the company #39;s final contract offer now goes into effect at midnight.
China Resources To Issue 57.97M Shrs For Supermarket Buys HONG KONG (Dow Jones)--China Resources Enterprise Ltd. (0291.HK) said it will issue 57.97 million new shares to its parent China Resources (Holdings) Co.
Death Toll from Israel #39;s Gaza Offensive Rises to 100 Israeli air strikes killed five Palestinians in Gaza Thursday as the Palestinian death toll rose to 100 in a 16-day-old army offensive aimed at crushing militants behind rocket salvoes into Israel.
IBM, Cisco aim to protect networks The companies expand a security alliance to help businesses keep worms and viruses from getting onto their networks.
Study links cell phones, tumors Swedish research institute finds that 10 or more years of cell phone use may increase the risk of acoustic neuroma, a noncancerous tumor.
AT T creates local Net telephony plan Telecommunications giant tries to attract consumers who make few long-distance calls with a \$20-per-month local plan.
Wi-Fi Successor Called High-Speed Hype, for Now Intel touts WiMax, but analysts say it likely won't go beyond niche applications.
Google's New Program Searches Hard Drives (AP) AP - Online search engine leader Google Inc. is setting its sights on the computer desktop with a new software program that promises to scour through the clutter of documents, e-mails, instant messages and other files stored on hard drives.
National Foods says worth up to \$A6.65 per share SYDNEY: Australian dairy group and takeover target National Foods Ltd said today that New Zealand dairy giant Fonterra #39;s \$A1.6 billion bid is too low and its shares are worth \$A6.11 to \$A6.65 each.
Google Unveils Desktop Search, Takes on Microsoft (Reuters) Reuters - Google Inc.  on\Thursday rolled out a preliminary version of its new desktop\search tool, making the first move against its major\competitors in the race to provide tools for finding\information buried in computer hard drives.
Dell targets iPod Mini with new MP3 player (MacCentral) MacCentral - Dell Inc. took the wraps off its holiday lineup on Thursday, showing new printers, plasma televisions and music players that will soon be available through its Web site.
Nokia Posts Drop in 3Q Earnings, Sales (AP) AP - Nokia OYJ reported a 20 percent drop in third-quarter profits on Thursday, citing disappointing mobile phone sales that will likely put a damper on fourth-quarter results as well.
Edward C. Baig: Personal Tech - Microsoft makes multitasking entertaining (USATODAY.com) USATODAY.com - On Tuesday at Los Angeles' Shrine Auditorium, Bill Gates showcased the third iteration of the couch-potato software that fuels Windows XP Media Center Edition 2005, MCE 2005 for short. It's the version Gates insists will lift these entertainment-oriented (and often pricey) machines into the mainstream.
PeopleSoft: Oracle's Offer Is Inadequate (AP) AP - Oracle Corp.'s  #36;21-per-share hostile takeover bid for PeopleSoft Inc. isn't good enough for shareholders to accept, PeopleSoft director A. George "Skip" Battle said Wednesday.
iMac, iPod, iConquered (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - For Apple Computer, will 2004 be remembered as a transformative year?
IBM, Cisco in enterprise security tie-up IBM Corp. and Cisco Systems Inc. unveiled product updates that will tie technology from the two companies more closely together in an effort to secure customer networks from worms and viruses.
Nokia profit falls 20 percent on price cuts Nokia Corp. reported a 20 percent decline in net profit for the third quarter on Thursday, due largely to cuts it made in the prices for its mobile phones. The Finnish handset manufacturer predicted that earnings would fall again in the fourth quarter.
Paris city authority hedges bets on Linux move PARIS -- The city of Paris intends to reduce its dependence on software suppliers with "de facto monopolies," but considers an immediate switch of its 17,000 desktops to open source software too costly, it said Wednesday.
'Trustworthiness' still a goal for Microsoft January 15, 2005 -- a Saturday -- will almost certainly pass quietly on the bucolic Redmond, Washington, campus of Microsoft Corp. But for those in the field of information technology security, who often make a sport of following the company's struggles to secure its products, the date is certain to attract some notice: it's the third anniversary of a now-famous internal Microsoft e-mail dubbed the "Trustworthy Computing" memo.&lt;p&gt;ADVERTISEMENT&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;&lt;img src="http://ad.doubleclick.net/ad/idg.us.ifw.general/sbcspotrssfeed;sz=1x1;ord=200301151450?" width="1" height="1" border="0"/&gt;&lt;a href="http://ad.doubleclick.net/clk;9228975;9651165;a?http://www.infoworld.com/spotlights/sbc/main.html?lpid0103035400730000idlp"&gt;SBC Case Study: Crate   Barrel&lt;/a&gt;&lt;br/&gt;What sold them on improving their network? A system that could cut management costs from the get-go. Find out more.&lt;/p&gt;
Study: Mobile phone use increases brain tumor risk Ten or more years of mobile phone use can dramatically increase the risk of developing a benign tumor on the auditory nerve, according to a study conducted by the Institute of Environmental Medicine at Karolinska Institutet in Stockholm.
Study Details Mobile Phone Dangers Long-term use increases the risk of developing tumors, new research indicates.
Starbucks Serves Up Digital Music In-store CD burning service will be installed in coffeehouses in Seattle and Texas.
Google Desktop Search Launched Google released a new Google Desktop Search tool today that allows people to scan their computers for information in the same way they use Google to search the web. Its ease of use, plus how it enhances the Google search experience, make it a compelling product to use.
A Closer Look At Privacy And Desktop Search Google's new Google Desktop Search tool raises a number of search privacy issues. In this article, we'll look at some of the usual specters of search privacy plus some new things people should consider.
Iraq Nuke Sites Were Stripped by Experts-Diplomats (Reuters) Reuters - The removal of Iraq's mothballed nuclear\facilities took around one year and was carried out by experts\with heavy machinery and demolition equipment, diplomats close\to the U.N. said on Thursday.
Bill Bryson regrets demise of Britain's red phone boxes (AFP) AFP - Bill Bryson, the American author who enjoys a cult following in Britain, lamented the demise of the red telephone box in his adopted homeland and its replacement by  quot;shower stalls quot;.
U.S.: Baghdad Blasts Kill Four Americans (AP) AP - Four Americans killed in bombings in the Green Zone in Baghdad on Thursday were all employees of the private U.S. security firm DynCorp, a U.S. official said Thursday.
First results in historic Afghan vote put Karzai in lead (AFP) AFP - The first results released in Afghanistan's presidential election put President Hamid Karzai in the lead after 7513 votes were counted in the northern province of Kunduz, Afghanistan's electoral commission said.
Germans Reject NATO-Afghan Proposal (AP) AP - Germany's defense minister rejected a U.S proposal to have NATO take over the U.S.-led military mission in Afghanistan, saying Wednesday that his country wants to focus on stabilization.
Google Desktop Search Has Launched Google Desktop Search Has Launched\\Google quietly launched its Google Desktop Search today and a slew of bloggers have tested it, reviewed it, and are currently testing it, including yours truly. Google Desktop is a frightfully fast application which searches desktop documents, web browser history, and chat room conversations (in AOL's ...
Google Wants to Improve Web Browsers Google Wants to Improve Web Browsers\\Google yesterday responded to the buzz over Gbrowser.com, the mythical Google powered web browser that bloggers and forums have been buzzing over. In a statement to the Indian press, Google said that it was engaged in developing technology that was aimed at bringing about improvements ...
Expired Domain Names - Whos Getting Rich On Them? Expired Domain Names - Who's Getting Rich On Them?\\There is an interesting discussion at Cre8asite forums, I hadn't seen before in a search engine related forum about the number of companies that are buying up expired domains and putting Google adsense ads them. Google has a page for domain parking ...
Football: Man U takeover doubt US tycoon Malcolm Glazer's plans for a controlling interest in Man Utd are reportedly close to collapse.
News: Undead IE bug rises from grave Recent updates to IE contain a serious regression that leaves systems once more vulnerable to a flaw fixed more than two years ago, according to security researchers.\
Google Introduces Search Program for Hard Drives Online search engine leader Google introduced a new software program today that promises to scour through the clutter of files on hard drives.
Nokia Says Profit Will Keep Falling as Prices Drop (Update5) Nokia Oyj, the world #39;s largest mobile- phone maker, said profit may drop for a second straight quarter. Earnings fell 20 percent in the three months ended in September because the company cut prices to regain market share.
Mortgage rates sink on jobs report NEW YORK (CNN/Money) - Mortgage rates edged lower as a weak employment report pointed to a softer economy, Freddie Mac reported Thursday.
US Treasuries get a boost from data, rising oil Treasury debt prices climbed on Thursday as higher jobless claims, a widening trade deficit and record high oil prices gave the market a positive tilt.
Merck #39;s Missing Vioxx Study NEW YORK - Should Merck have conducted a bigger trial to test the safety of its arthritis drug Vioxx? Merck (nyse: MRK - news - people ) pulled Vioxx from the market two weeks ago, but questions about the 
Jobs Report Causes Mortgage Rates To Fall MCLEAN, Va. -- Mortgage rates have eased with help from last week #39;s disappointing government numbers on new jobs. The mortgage company Freddie Mac reports that 30-year fixed-rate mortgages now average 5.74 percent, down from 5.82 in last week #39;s survey.
Munro, Morris Face Off in NLCS Game 2 (AP) AP - The Houston Astros put their hopes in a pitcher untested in the postseason when they give Pete Munro the ball to start Game 2 of the NL Championship series on Thursday, one night after dropping the opener to the St. Louis Cardinals 10-7.
Court orders ISPs to identify song-swappers The British music industry has won a crucial High Court decision that forces Internet service providers to hand over the identity of people accused of using the Internet to swap free songs.
IBM, Cisco forge enterprise security tie OCTOBER 14, 2004 (IDG NEWS SERVICE) - IBM and Cisco Systems Inc. unveiled product updates that will tie technology from the two companies more closely together in an effort to secure customer networks from worms and viruses.
NetSuite 10.0 Makes CRM Fantasies a Reality NetSuite, Inc., today announced NetSuite 10.0, delivering new capabilities that have never before been available in a business application -- whether delivered as an Internet service or an on-premise solution.
Which bugger did it? Microsoft - and indeed Bungie - can #39;t be happy. Reports are sweeping the inform-o-tron superhighway that the comeplte code for Halo 2 has leaked onto the net, through newsgroups and file sharing networks.
MLB Playoffs: Yankees Take 2-0 Lead in Series Over Red Sox In Major League Baseball playoff action, the New York Yankees beat the Boston Red Sox 3-1 Wednesday night to take a two games to none lead in the best of seven American League Championship series.
Warne equals Test wicket record Australian leg-spinner Shane Warne equalled Sri Lankan Muttiah Muralitharan #39;s record for Test wickets Thursday when he removed Indian opener Yuvraj Singh on the opening day of the second Test.
Montoya to be summoned by FIA over conduct Formula One #39;s governing body will summon Colombian Juan Pablo Montoya to a meeting in December to explain his conduct, motor sport sources said on Thursday.
Williams to face Klitschko for title The man who derailed Mike Tyson #39;s comeback will get a shot at the heavyweight title. British fighter Danny Williams, who stopped Tyson in the fourth round on July 30 in Louisville, will fight WBC champion Vitali Klitschko of Ukraine on Dec.
Pakistani Forces Rescue Chinese Hostage Pakistani tribal elders hold a meeting to discuss the release of Chinese engineers in Barwand of South Waziristan, Pakistan along Afghanistan border on Tuesday, Oct. 12, 2004.
6 US Troops Die in Three Bomb Attacks Anxiety grows as a holy month approaches. Iraqi premier gives an ultimatum to Fallouja to turn over a militant. By Ashraf Khalil. BAGHDAD - Six US soldiers were reported killed in attacks here and in the 
Ginepri Ousts Srichaphan at CA Trophy (AP) AP - American Robby Ginepri advanced to the quarterfinals of the CA Trophy with a 6-2, 6-1 win Thursday over fifth-seeded Paradorn Srichaphan of Thailand.
Lackluster Els Slips Behind Drummond at Wentworth  VIRGINIA WATER, England (Reuters) - Defending champion  Ernie Els trailed unheralded Briton Scott Drummond by one hole  midway through their first-round match in the World Match Play  Championship at Wentworth on Thursday.
American Ginepri Crushes Paradorn in Vienna  VIENNA (Reuters) - Number five seed Paradorn Srichaphan was  crushed 6-2, 6-1, by Robby Ginepri in the second round of the  Vienna Trophy on Thursday.
New Tax Law Changes Will Impact Everyone Several important new tax laws that have passed Congress during this fall #39;s pre-election period. Two major tax laws have been approved: the Working Families Tax Relief Act of 2004 and the American Jobs Creation Act of 2004 .
Davenport Gets Top Spot, Dementieva to Face Kuznetsova  MOSCOW (Reuters) - Lindsay Davenport will take over the  world number one spot from Amelie Mauresmo when the rankings  are released next week after brushing aside Dinara Safina 6-4,  6-2, on Thursday to reach the Kremlin Cup quarter-finals.
Typhoon Shows F1 That Three Can Go Into Two  LONDON (Reuters) - Why take three days over something that  can be done perfectly well in two, particularly if you want to  cut costs and give fans more for their money?
NY to Sue Some Insurers for Manipulation  NEW YORK (Reuters) - New York Attorney General Eliot  Spitzer is launching a suit against several prominent  participants in the insurance industry, including AIG and  broker Marsh   McLennan Cos. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MMC.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;MMC.N&lt;/A&gt;, charging they engaged in  market manipulation, Spitzer's office said.
Oil Hits New Highs as Winter Stocks Fall Oil prices roared to fresh record highs\on Thursday as the U.S. government reported another fall in\heating fuel stocks ahead of winter.
Spitzer Targets Insurance Brokerage Industry New York state officials say they expect two insurance company executives to plead guilty in a corruption probe into bid-rigging in the insurance brokerage industry.
Spitzer Accuses Insurance Industry of Rigging Bids Brokers required to provide competing bids to customers have been taking payoffs from insurance companies resulting in widespread corruption in the industry, New York's Attorney General charged today.
KarstadtQuelle, Union Reach Agreement (AP) AP - Struggling German retailer KarstadtQuelle on Thursday agreed with employee representatives on a cost-cutting plan that will include eliminating some 5,500 jobs, or 12 percent of its work force, and a three-year pay freeze.
National Bank gets buyer interest in Irish banks SYDNEY: National Australia Bank Ltd., the country #39;s biggest bank, said yesterday it had received several  quot;expressions of interest quot; in its two Irish banks but no decision has been made to sell the assets.
US 30-, 15-year mortgage rates fell in latest week Interest rates on US 30-year and 15-year mortgages have moved lower following last week #39;s disappointing jobs report that suggested economic growth had slowed, mortgage finance company Freddie Mac said on Thursday.
Macquarie trumps with \$2.6b road bid A consortium led by investment bank Macquarie Bank won aA\$2.5 billion (\$2.68 billion) contract yesterday to build Australia #39;s longest toll road, edging out a rival bid led by Transurban Group.
Auditors reviewing Alitalia first-half loss ROME: Italian airline Alitalia said yesterday that its first half loss was 620 million euros (\$NZ1.14 billion), a higher-than-expected result owing to one-off expenses from a broad restructuring.
Becks in FAKE romp with Spanish prostitute Gossip-seekers eager to dig up dirt on David Beckham risk ending up at a website that infects their computer with an insidious virus called Hackarmy.
Google search becomes personal The net giant has released a preliminary version of a desktop program that will search computer hard drives, as well as the web.  quot;We think of this as the photographic memory of your computer, quot; said Marissa 
Dell releases iPod mini rival, announces Linux alliance Dell will introduce Thursday a small music player to compete with Apple #39;s iPod mini. The new Pocket DJ 5 offers one GByte more memory, but is priced \$50 less than Apple #39;s market dominating player.
NetSuite Urges Users to Upsell ASP NetSuite this week unveiled the latest version of its hosted applications suite with a focus on  quot;upsell quot; and e-commerce functionality.
Halo 2 Pirated Word is flooding the internet this morning that copies of the highly anticipated Halo 2 have been pirated and are appearing on newsgroups and peer-to-peer networks as of Wednesday night.
Yao Thrills Capacity Crowd at First China NBA Game Yao Ming #39;s Houston Rockets squeezed past the Sacramento Kings on Thursday in the first NBA game to be played in China, a country the fast-growing basketball league deems a potential marketing mecca.
Just One Piece Missing from England Jigsaw Having effectively decided all but the final piece in his England jigsaw, Sven-Goran Eriksson at least finds himself confronted with a wealth of potential selection options.
Man United Takeover Talks Break Down Takeover talks between two of Manchester United #39;s biggest shareholders and Malcolm Glazer appear to have broken down. It is believed the US businessman has failed to reach a deal with John Magnier and JP McManus 
Blasts rock Baghdads Green Zone, 5 killed Iraqi anti occupation rebels broke into Baghdad #39;s Green Zone area and detonated 2 bombs at a market and a cafe Thursday, killing five people, including three American soldiers, the US military said, in a bold attack on the building housing the US and 
Mixing of votes begins in Afghanistan Mixing of the votes cast for the first-Afghan presidential elections began in parts of the country this morning, a spokesman of the Joint Electoral Management Body (JEMB) said Thursday evening.
BellSouth Closes Sale of Some Assets (AP) AP - BellSouth Corp. said Thursday it has completed the sale of some if its Latin American assets and will use the proceeds to help pay for Cingular Wireless LLC's  #36;41 billion purchase of AT amp;T Wireless Services Inc.
HP rakes in .Net dough Company has brought in hundreds of millions of dollars in consulting revenue related to Microsoft's .Net software in the past two years.
Supply News Rattles Energy Futures Oil prices have moved above \$54 a barrel after the government reported a decline in the supply of distillate fuel, which includes heating oil.
Abbey National Shareholders OK Takeover Shareholders in Abbey National PLC voted overwhelmingly Thursday to approve the bank #39;s acquisition by Santander Central Hispano of Spain.
Linux hurricane sinking SCO SPEAKING AT the Etre conference in Cannes, the darling of the IT industry and president and CEO of SCO, Darl McBride warned everyone in sight about the risk of not protecting their intellectual property from open source  quot;bandits quot; -or so the journos that 
Sun, Nvidia Design Professional Graphics Alliance Sun Java Workstations are designed to support simultaneous 32-bit and 64-bit computing with no compromises in performance, allowing users to maintain their existing x86 infrastructure 
Glazer #39;s United bid in doubt after share slump Manchester United #39;s share price has fallen dramatically amid rumours about the collapse of a deal between the club #39;s prospective owner Malcolm Glazer and its major shareholders John Magnier and JP McManus.
Manninger faces six months out with injured shoulder Austrian goalkeeper Alex Manninger could be out for the rest of the season after dislocating his shoulder at the end of his team #39;s 3-3 draw with Northern Ireland in their World Cup qualifier on Wednesday.
Early Christmas present for Ronaldo Cristiano Ronaldo had plundered a double against Russia and the Portuguese teenager grinned like he had just received an early Christmas present.
Assessment of Yukos Unit Fluctuates (AP) AP - An independent assessor valued Yukos' main production unit at  #36;14.7 billion to  #36;17.3 billion on Thursday, the same day a news agency reported that a controlling stake in the business could be sold for just over  #36;4 billion.
First Phase of Nigeria Strike Due to End Thursday (Reuters) Reuters - A general strike in Nigeria which has\raised fears over oil supply from the world's seventh largest\exporter, will likely end its first phase on Thursday, union\leaders said.
Chinese hostage rescued, another killed, as Pakistani troops raid kidnappers (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - CHAGMALAI, Pakistan (AP) - Pakistani special forces attacked kidnappers holding two Chinese engineers near the Afghan border, killing all five of the al-Qaida-linked militants led by a former prisoner of the U.S. compound in Guantanamo Bay, Cuba. One of the hostages survived while the other was killed in Thursday's raid.
Oil Hits Highs as U.S. Winter Stocks Fall  LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices roared to fresh record highs  on Thursday as the U.S. government reported another fall in  heating fuel stocks ahead of winter.
Lynne Cheney Upset With Kerry Over Remark (AP) AP - Lynne Cheney accused Sen. John Kerry of pulling a "cheap and tawdry political trick" after he discussed her daughter's sexuality in his debate with President Bush. In response, Elizabeth Edwards suggested Mrs. Cheney might feel "a certain degree of shame" because her daughter is a lesbian.
Nokia Profit Drops But Sees Strong Sales  HELSINKI (Reuters) - Nokia &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=NOK1V.HE target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;NOK1V.HE&lt;/A&gt;, the world's largest  cell phone maker, reported lower third-quarter earnings on  Thursday after cutting prices to claw back market share, but  said sales were strong as it enters the key Christmas season.
Coventry Health to Buy First Health  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Coventry Health Care Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=CVH.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;CVH.N&lt;/A&gt; on  Thursday agreed to buy rival health plan First Health Group  Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=FHCC.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;FHCC.O&lt;/A&gt; for \$1.8 billion in stock and cash as it looks  to expand its geographic reach and keep pace with rivals.
Treasury Moves to Avoid Piercing Debt Limit The U.S. Treasury Department tapped into a federal employee pension fund Thursday as a stop-gap measure to keep the government below its \$7.384 trillion borrowing limit, Treasury Secretary John Snow said in a letter to Congress.
US rivals back on campaign trail George W Bush and John Kerry go into the final three weeks of campaigning after their last TV debate.
Blasts Kill Five in Baghdad's Green Zone BAGHDAD, Iraq - Insurgents penetrated Baghdad's heavily fortified Green Zone and detonated explosives at a market and a popular cafe Thursday, killing five people, including four Americans, in the first bombing inside the compound housing the U.S. and Iraqi government headquarters...
Trade Deficit Soars, Jobless Claims Up WASHINGTON - The U.S. trade deficit, propelled by a record foreign oil bill, surged to \$54 billion in August, the second highest level in history...
Spitzer Targets Insurance Brokerage Industry ALBANY, NY -- New York state officials say they expect two insurance company executives to plead guilty in a corruption probe into bid-rigging in the insurance brokerage industry.
UPDATE 6-Coventry Health to buy First Health for \$1.8 bln Coventry Health Care Inc. (CVH.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Thursday agreed to buy rival health plan First Health Group Corp. (FHCC.
Jobless claims rise by 15,000 The number of people filing initial claims for US jobless aid rose more than expected to 352,000 last week, a government report showed Thursday.
Soccer Star Beckham Latest Virus Subject The Internet is abuzz with malicious messages that claim David Beckham has been caught on film in a compromising position. Those who click on the Web links in such messages do not see pictures 
UK Music Industry Wins High Court Decision The UK music industry has scored a legal victory with a High Court ruling that requires Internet service providers to provide names and addresses of British citizens who share copyrighted music over peer-to-peer computer networks.
A  quot;psychological war quot; Phil Jackson called his relationship with Kobe Bryant a  quot;psychological war quot; in his diary The Last season: A Team in Search of its Soul, which will be released next month.
Cardinals BCS-worthy,  #39;Canes under the radar Heading into the Orange Bowl to take on Miami is not easy for any team, especially on a Thursday night, but expect the athleticism and experience of the Louisville Cardinals to make tonight #39;s game very competitive.
Russia chose rebate figure to sell Yukos unit: Dresdner MOSCOW : A top Western bank asked to value Yukos #39;s core asset said the Russian government chose the lowest price possible for a planned sale of the oil giant #39;s crown jewel in a move that has shaken investors.
Update 2: Spitzer Sues Marsh  amp; McLennan, AIG New York Attorney General Eliot Spitzer sued insurance giants Marsh  amp; McLennan, American International Group and several others Thursday, alleging policy brokers have been taking payoffs from insurance companies to steer corporate clients their way rather 
Google searches India -- for employees Editor #39;s Summary: Google is searching India -- for white collar IT workers. Google gurus Sergey Brin and Larry Page are touring cities -- including hi-tech hubs Bangalore and Hyderabad -- looking to hire engineers and online sales and support workers.
Russia LNG Project in N. American Deal A consortium led by Royal Dutch/Shell Group that is developing gas reserves off Russia #39;s Sakhalin Island said Thursday it has struck a US\$6 billion (euro4.
Sony Ericsson sees profits treble Mobile phone maker Sony Ericsson today reported that it had more than trebled third quarter pre-tax profits, but the market leader, Nokia, reported a 20 fall.
Drug Stocks Continue to Slide Drug stocks continued to slide on the week toward new 52-week lows as a few bright spots were eclipsed by losses in large-cap stocks.
Stock Options: Pause to Reload Was this a crack in the defenses, or was it a calculated retreat to more favorable ground for what is shaping up to be the decisive battle on employee stock options?
Nortel transfer of Montreal plant to Flextronics delayed TORONTO - Nortel Network #39;s ongoing work on its financial restatements means the transfer of its Montreal manufacturing facility to Flextronics will be delayed until early 2005.
Ex-Rite Aid officer gets 10-year jail term HARRISBURG, Penn. - A former Rite Aid Corp. vice chairman was sentenced on Thursday to 10 years in prison for his part in an accounting scandal that brought the US drug store chain near bankruptcy.
Cypress Semiconductor #39;s 3Q Profit Down Cypress Semiconductor Corp., which makes computer and communications chips, on Thursday said third-quarter profit dropped as demand dried up throughout the industry.
New Crew En Route To Space Station Leroy Chiao has ever flown in a Soyuz spacecraft, before, but the three lifted off early Thursday from Kazakhstan en route to the International Space Station.
Google expands search to desktop In a move that beats competitors Yahoo, Microsoft, America Online and Ask Jeeves to the starting gate, Internet search giant Google (GOOG) on Thursday announced a program enhancement 
Stolen  #39;Halo 2 #39; hits pirate sites Microsoft threatened severe penalties Thursday for those who circulate a stolen copy of  quot;Halo 2, quot; the hotly anticipated Xbox game set to go on sale next month.
Starbucks launches first of  quot;music bars quot; for CD burning SEATTLE, United States : Coffee shop giant Starbucks said it was launching the first of its  quot;music bars quot; where customers can listen to digital recordings and burn their own CDs.
NetSuite 10.0 Debuts NetSuite has released the 10.0 versions of its NetSuite, NetSuite Small Business, and NetCRM products, all of which are generally targeted at the small and medium-sized business (SMB) segment.
Lava Gases May Give Clues to Eruptions Visitors line a sidewalk with chairs and cameras as they watch a small steam emission from Mount St. Helens, Wednesday, Oct. 13, 2004, at the Coldwater Ridge Visitors Center at Mount St.
Truth Wizards: They know a lie when they hear it WASHINGTON Can you always tell when somebody #39;s lying? If so, you might be a wizard of the fib. A California psychology professor says there #39;s a tiny subculture of people that can pick out a lie nearly every time they hear one.
Dell Moves Full Steam Ahead In Consumer Electronics Dell Inc. on Thursday continued its push beyond the PC into consumer electronics with the introduction of a mini-version of its digital music player that will compete with Apple Computer Inc.
Paris city authority hedges bets on Linux move The city of Paris intends to reduce its dependence on software suppliers with  quot;de facto monopolies, quot; but considers an immediate switch of its 17,000 desktops to open source software too costly, it said Wednesday.
Motorola Turns Cell Phone into Credit Card Motorola plans to carry out a trial of cell phones incorporating MasterCard #39;s PayPass contactless payment technology. The cell phones will enable customers to make payments by positioning 
IBM Offers Disk-Storage Servers IBM is aiming to take a larger share of the \$60 billion data-storage market with the introduction of two new disk-storage servers.
Beckham gets backing of Eriksson Sven-Goran Eriksson has urged David Beckham to think twice before admitting to any on-the-field indiscretions. The England midfielder has come under fire for revealing that he deliberately got booked against Wales.
NBA: Yao Ming Thrills Hometown Fans During Exhibition Game National Basketball Association star Yao Ming of China thrilled his hometown fans with 14 points to lead the Houston Rockets to an 88-86 win over the Sacramento Kings in Shanghai.
Glazer Quest for United Falters Malcolm Glazers bid for Manchester United is dead in the water after major shareholders John Magnier and JP McManus told the American there was no basis for a deal.
Pakistan down Sri Lanka in dress rehearsal Lahore, Pakistan - Pakistan foiled a sparkling hundred by Sri Lankan skipper Marvan Atapattu in a moral-boosting win over Sri Lanka here on Thursday ahead of the tri-series cricket final between the two sides.
Aragones Fights Pans, Blames Pitch With the nations media raining heavy criticism down upon him, Spain coach Luis Aragones chose to pin a galling nil-nil UEFA World Cup qualifying result with Lithuania on the large playing surface.
Greek police detail security threats during Olympic games Greek authorities dealt with more than 700 security scares during the Athens Games, including a bomb hoax before the opening ceremony and a propane leak at a luxury hotel that was hosting hundreds of representatives from major Olympic sponsors.
Mark Martin to To Retire After 2005 Season CONCORD, NC (Oct. 14, 2004) - Roush Racings Mark Martin announced today that next season will be his last racing for the NEXTEL Cup.
Cole suspension cut by two games Andy Cole #39;s six-game suspension over last month #39;s brawl at West Bromwich was cut to four on Thursday after an appeal to the English Football Association.
Sharon Offers a Date for Settler Withdrawal From Gaza Prime Minister Ariel Sharon said today that he wanted to begin withdrawing Israeli settlers from the Gaza Strip next May or June and complete the pullout within three months.
Zimbabwe forces on high alert for treason verdict HARARE - Zimbabwe said it had put its security forces on high alert to deal with what it said was an opposition plan to unleash violence on Friday when a court is due to pass judgment in the treason trial of its leader.
Iraq donors conference winds up in Japan A two-day meeting of Iraq #39;s donors has wound up in Tokyo with all those involved indentifying the ongoing insurgency as the biggest obstacle to the country #39;s reconstruction.
Vote counting begins 5 days after Afghan presidential election Vote counting started Thursday in Afghanistan #39;s landmark election, widely expected to install US-backed interim leader Hamid Karzai as the war-ravaged country #39;s first popularly chosen president.
FCC adopts rules for broadband over power lines MANHASSET, NY - The Federal Communications Commission voted Thursday (Oct. 14) to modified its rules to open the door to the widespread deployment of broadband access over power lines.
Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac Met 2003 Goals Mortgage companies Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac last year met the government-set goals for making home ownership affordable, but only because three unusual multibillion-dollar deals were counted toward the targets, officials said Thursday.
Hollinger International to refile  #39;looting #39; case against ex-CEO CHICAGO - Newspaper publisher Hollinger International Inc. said Thursday it intends to refile the bulk of its dismissed case against ousted CEO Conrad Black and associates, intent on winning back hundreds 
California #39;s finance director resigns after 11 months A decision by the state #39;s tightfisted finance director to step down has fueled speculation inside the Capitol about a possible shift on spending issues by Gov.
Dell gets down to CE business ZDNet #39;s survey of IT professionals in October kept upgrading hardware at number two on the businesses radar throughout the year.
Apple flogs new gear as gossip grows At a briefing in Dublin on Monday, Apple UK  amp; Ireland executives were on hand to discuss about two years #39; worth of Apple products and services, including iTunes, the iPod, the new iMac G5 (which recently launched in Ireland) and the firm #39;s suite of iLife 
Martinez may step up a spot for a Game 5 Pedro Martinez could be back on the mound for the Boston Red Sox sooner than the New York Yankees expected. After throwing 113 pitches in a 3-1 loss in Game 2 on Wednesday night, Martinez said he #39;d be willing 
Andy Cole #39;s ban reduced Fulham striker Andy Cole has had his three-match suspension reduced to one by the Football Association after a successful appeal. Cole had been suspended for a total of six games after incidents in the away 
Schilling will not start Game 5 of ALCS Boston ace Curt Schilling will not start Game 5 of the AL Championship Series Sunday because of a dislocated tendon in his right ankle.
Sony unit posts gains, but Nokia struggles Sony Ericsson Mobile Communications exceeded market expectations on Thursday when it reported that net profit rose 45 percent in the third quarter, but Nokia #39;s third-quarter report indicated the market leader was still struggling to get back on track.
Competitiveness #39;s 800-Pound Gorillas NEW YORK - The World Economic Forum looks at countries #39; competitiveness through both ends of the economist #39;s telescope--the macro end and the micro one.
Hollinger International to refile case against Conrad Black CHICAGO Hollinger International told a federal judge in Chicago today that it intends to refile the bulk of its case against ousted CEO Conrad Black that was dismissed last week.
Starbucks Expanding Custom CD Service to 45 Stores Starbucks Corp. SBUX.O on Wednesday said customers will be able to make custom music CDs at 45 of its US coffee shops by later this month, the first step in a plan to expand the service nationwide.
American billionaire Malcolm Glazer #39;s controversial bid for &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; We sent Murdoch packing and gave Magnier and McManus a bloody nose. If Glazer wants a fight, we will give him one. quot;. That was the reaction of Jules Spencer, chairman of the Independent Manchester 
Cardinals Demonstrate How to Build a Sturdy Lead With Heavy Lumber In this era of wild-card entries and best-of-five-game playoff series, a talented team can stroll through the regular season, fire its manager, pick up its pace and find 
Cole appeal nets ban reduction London, England (Sports Network) - An appeal by Fulham to the English Football Association was successful on Thursday. The FA scaled back its original ban on Andrew Cole from six matches to four.
Iraq Blasts Kill 4 US Workers in Breach of Baghdad Compound Four American contractors providing security for the US Embassy were among at least 10 people killed in two blasts inside Baghdad #39;s Green Zone, prompting the US-led military coalition 
Ex-Soldiers Vow to Bring Order to Haiti Capital Ex-soldiers who helped topple former President Jean-Bertrand Aristide on Wednesday vowed to end escalating street warfare in the Haitian capital while 
Memorable Moments of Presidential Debates (AP) AP - The debates of 2004 may be remembered more for pained facial expressions than ringing words. Is there one line that will survive the week, never mind the ages?
Kentucky Sen. Bunning in Flap Over His Health (Reuters) Reuters - Kentucky's largest newspaper on\Thursday urged Republican Sen. Jim Bunning to answer questions\about his mental health because his behavior as he seeks a\second term is troubling voters.
U.N. Nuclear Inspectors Ready to Return to Iraq (Reuters) Reuters - U.N. inspectors, barred from most of\Iraq since last year's invasion, are ready to return to probe\the disappearance of equipment that could be used in atomic\weapons, the United Nations nuclear watchdog said on Wednesday.
Iraq N-Sites Were Stripped Methodically-Diplomats  VIENNA (Reuters) - The mysterious removal of Iraq's  mothballed nuclear facilities continued long after the U.S.-led  invasion and was carried out by people with access to heavy  machinery and demolition equipment, diplomats said on Thursday.
Abbey directors feel shareholders #39; wrath Directors of banking giant Abbey National today faced harsh criticism from shareholders angry at the decision to sell out to Spain #39;s largest bank.
Starbucks Serves Up Digital Music Starbucks will begin rolling out next week the in-store CD burning service it announced in conjunction with Hewlett-Packard back in March.
Jail deaths charges recommended Twenty-eight US soldiers face possible charges over the deaths of two prisoners in Afghanistan, the Army says.
Summit boosts sea life protection Greater protection to great white sharks and other big fish are among successes to emerge from the world species summit.
Qatar ruler ousted by son returns The emir of Qatar receives his father back to the country for the first time since ousting him in 1995.
Irish Claim 2nd Title Notre Dame goalkeeper Erika Bohn seals the Irish's second NCAA championship with a save in penalty kicks to lift them to a 4-3 victory over North Carolina on Sunday.
NetSuite Retools With Analytics and a Recommendation Engine NetSuite, a growing provider of on-demand CRM and ERP capabilities, has released Version 10 of its application suite, introducing a range of new analytical capabilities aimed at improving management visibility and customer profitability.
UPDATE 1-Els recovers after slow start, Goosen seals record Defending champion Ernie Els recovered from a sluggish start to lead Briton Scott Drummond by two holes with two to play after a rainswept opening day 
Kerry's Mention of Cheney's Gay Daughter Sparks Sharp Reaction Republicans raised questions about John Kerry's motives; Democrats countered that the G.O.P. was throwing up a smokescreen.
Sharon Offers a Date for Settler Withdrawal From Gaza The Israeli prime minister said today that he wanted to begin withdrawing settlers from Gaza next May or June.
420-Pound Teen to Get Free Gastric Bypass HOUSTON - Two doctors and a hospital offered a free gastric bypass to a 420-pound teenager after another medical center canceled the procedure because his insurance would not pay for it.    Doctors at Obesity Surgery Specialists said 16-year-old Brandon Bennett needs the operation for a chance at a healthy life...
Ankle Keeps Schilling From Planned Start BOSTON - Boston ace Curt Schilling will not start a possible Game 5 of the AL championship series Sunday because of an injured right ankle, though it's possible Schilling could return later in the series.    Derek Lowe will start in his place - unless the schedule is pushed back by rain that is forecast for Game 3 on Friday night...
Stocks Slip on GM Earnings, Higher Oil NEW YORK - Investors sent stocks falling sharply Thursday as crude oil prices surged near \$55 per barrel and General Motors Corp. issued a disappointing earnings report...
Bush Says Debates Highlight His Record LAS VEGAS - President Bush said Thursday the trio of prime-time debates with Sen. John Kerry demonstrated he is running on his record - and his opponent away from his own - even as the Republican campaign acknowledged that Kerry had gained from the confrontations viewed by tens of millions of Americans...
Some 28 U.S. GIs Face Afghan Abuse Cases WASHINGTON - Up to 28 U.S. soldiers face possible criminal charges in connection with the deaths of two prisoners at an American-run prison in Afghanistan two years ago, the Army announced Thursday...
Fallujah Delegation Suspends Peace Talks BAGHDAD, Iraq - A delegation from the insurgent stronghold Fallujah suspended peace talks with the government Thursday because of Prime Minister Ayad Allawi's "impossible" demand to hand over terror mastermind Abu Musab al-Zarqawi, the city spokesman said.    Allawi warned Wednesday that Fallujah must surrender al-Zarqawi and other foreign fighters or face military attack...
FCC eases high-speed network rules The Federal Communications Commission on Thursday made more of the local phone companies #39; high-speed fiber networks free from competition rules.
Hollinger to Appeal Racketeering Suit Dismissal Newspaper publisher Hollinger International Inc on Thursday said it will continue to pursue legal action against former chairman Conrad Black, despite being dealt a setback last week.
Audited, unaudited results  Cap on variation in net profit &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; THE variation in the net profit after tax figure between unaudited and audited results of companies should not exceed 10 per cent or Rs 10 lakh, whichever is higher.
Many Amphibians Threatened Worldwide (AP) AP - Eye of newt and toe of frog may one day be gone from witches grog. Indeed, not just frogs and newts but amphibians in general are rapidly becoming threatened worldwide, a new study shows.
New Mini Retail Store Design CUPERTINO, CaliforniaOctober 14, 2004Apple today unveiled its new  quot;mini quot; retail store, a stunning all-new design featuring stainless steel walls and seamless white floors and ceilings.
Lava Gases May Give Clues to Eruptions (AP) AP - Monitoring the gases emitted by lava from Mount St. Helens might provide clues to future eruptions, a British volcano expert reported Thursday.
Learning 2nd Language Changes Brain Anatomy -Study (Reuters) Reuters - Being bilingual produces changes in the\anatomy of the brain, scientists said on Wednesday in finding\that could explain why children are so much better than adults\at mastering a second language.
Japan Fumes Over Whales as U.N. Meeting Winds Up (Reuters) Reuters - Japan was fuming over the failure of\its bid to expand trade in whale products and Africa swapped\blows over ivory Thursday as a U.N. meeting on trade in wild\plants and animals wrapped up.
Iraqi leader backs January poll Iraq's interim president says Ghazi al-Yawar the 30 January poll must go ahead, despite continuing violence.
Lava Oozes Out of Mount St. Helens (Reuters) Reuters - Lava has begun to ooze out of\Washington state's Mount St. Helens, building up the lava crust\in the volcano's crater, government scientists said on\Wednesday.
Boeing 747 cargo jet crashes in eastern Canada A Boeing 747-200 aircraft with seven crew members aboard crashed Thursday at Halifax International Airport. All seven aboard the jet, which is owned by MK Airlines Ltd.
Weekly Report On Israeli Human Rights Violations 33 Palestinians, 23 of whom are civilians, including 7 children and a mentally disabled man, were killed by Israeli Occupation Forces (IOF).
IBM, Cisco aim to protect networks com October 14, 2004, 8:58 AM PT. Cyber threats, chiefly viruses like NetSky and Sasser, make security an ongoing concern as it holds steady over software infrastructure as the third top priority.
iTunes Music Store Downloads Top 150 M CUPERTINO, CaliforniaOctober 14, 2004Apple today announced that music fans have purchased and downloaded more than 150 million songs from the iTunes Music Store, marking another major milestone for the online music business.
Eagles Clobber Packers Donovan McNabb sets a career high with five touchdown passes and an Eagles' team-record 464 yards as Philadelphia outclasses the Packers, 47-17.
Rage Against the Machine : Why Voting Doesn't Work and What You Can Do About It. I was sitting in a bar listening to the presidential  quot;debate quot;, thinking the same thought I always do when listening to politicians.  nbsp;Why must I choose between two people that I don't like?  nbsp;Since I live in New York, where Democrats usually win the electorate, should I even bother voting?  nbsp;Are my votes even counted? It's always easy to blame the current President for the nation's current problems, and I'll admit that I'm often tempted to blame Bush.  nbsp;But the reality is that he is not to blame.  nbsp;The blame can be placed squarely on us, the citizens, and on our unwillingness to reform an outdated voting system. 
Market Underestimates Dell Consumer Electronics Credit Suisse First Boston maintained an  quot;outperform quot; rating for Dell (nasdaq: DELL - news - people ) after the company expanded its line of consumer electronics (CE) products.
SCO To Launch Legal Issues Web Site Prosco.net is in part a response to the popular Groklaw site, which was started last year in the wake of SCO #39;s multibillion-dollar suit versus Big Blue.
NBA: No Plans to Change 3-Point Shot The NBA has no plans to change its rules for the 3-point shot, though it will proceed with an experiment for its developmental league in which all field goals will be worth 
Study Links Mobile Phones, Benign Tumors (AP) AP - A new Swedish study suggests that people who use a mobile phone for at least 10 years might increase their risk of developing a rare benign tumor along a nerve on the side of the head where they hold the phone.
FCC Approves Fiber-Optic Broadband Rules (AP) AP - Federal regulators approved new rules Thursday aimed at making high-speed Internet available to more Americans  #151; but critics complained the move will hinder competition in broadband services and keep prices high.
FCC Backs Bells on Fiber Phone Line Sharing Limits (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. regulators on Thursday said big\local phone companies will not have to share new fiber-optic\lines built for high-speed Internet and other services,\spurring one carrier to speed roll-out plans.
Apple Under Scrutiny as Music Competition Rises (Reuters) Reuters - Apple Computer Inc.  may\have sold more than twice as many of its iPod digital music\players in its most recent quarter than its signature Mac\computers, but competitors are turning the up the heat in the\nascent online music industry.
Novell Pledges To Protect Open Source Against Legal Claims (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - Novell (Nasdaq: NOVL) has pledged to use its patent portfolio to protect the company's open-source software and proprietary offerings against potential legal attacks based on intellectual-property rights.
Almost One in Four Businesses Pirate Software (PC World) PC World - Violations appears to be commonplace, even though professionals agree it is risky.
Sun Micro Posts Narrower Quarterly Loss (Reuters) Reuters - Network computer maker Sun\Microsystems Inc.  on Thursday posted a narrower\quarterly loss as revenue rose year over year for the second\consecutive quarter after three years of declines, sending\shares slightly higher.
Apple unveils location of six mini stores (MacCentral) MacCentral - At a private viewing in Palo Alto, Calif., Apple Computer Inc. on Thursday unveiled its new "mini" retail store design. The new stores will be opening this Saturday at 10 a.m. in Palo Alto, CA; San Jose, CA; Santa Rosa, CA; Tukwila, WA; Bridgewater, NJ; and Rockaway, NJ.
Intel Cancels Top-Speed Pentium 4 Chip  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Intel Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=INTC.O qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;INTC.O&lt;/A&gt; on Thursday  canceled plans to introduce its highest-speed Pentium 4 chip  for desktop computers, marking another in a string of  unexpected product changes, cancellations and recalls at the  world's largest computer chip maker.
Apple Under Scrutiny as Music Competition Rises  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Apple Computer Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=AAPL.O qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;AAPL.O&lt;/A&gt; may  have sold more than twice as many of its iPod digital music  players in its most recent quarter than its signature Mac  computers, but competitors are turning the up the heat in the  nascent online music industry.
FCC Backs Bells on Fiber Phone Line Sharing Limits  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. regulators on Thursday said big  local phone companies will not have to share new fiber-optic  lines built for high-speed Internet and other services,  spurring one carrier to speed roll-out plans.
Underwear Heart Monitor to Warn of Strokes  AMSTERDAM (Reuters) - A group of 33 firms, including Nokia  and Philips, have unveiled the prototype of a portable heart  monitor that would use sensors woven into underwear to warn  patients before they suffer a stroke.
Nokia Reports Lower Profits but Strong Sales Nokia, the world's largest\cell phone maker, reported lower third-quarter earnings on\Thursday after cutting prices to claw back market share, but\said sales were strong as it enters the key Christmas season.&lt;/p&gt;
Study Links Mobile Phones, Benign Tumors A new Swedish study suggests that people who use a mobile phone for at least 10 years might increase their risk of developing a rare benign tumor along a nerve on the side of the head where they hold the phone.
PlanetOut Soars in Public Trading Debut PlanetOut Inc. showed a small gain in morning activity before shooting up more than 15 percent in recent trading, marking a successful initial public offering for the Web site operator while Thursday's second deal fell flat in its debut.
Dam threatens Montenegro river Environmental campaigners say plans for a dam in Montenegro will threaten a Unesco world heritage site.
'Eco' friendly fuel breakthrough British scientists are claiming a world first after finding a way to use hydrogen to fuel cars.
No. 16 N.C. State Beats Manhattan, 76-60 (AP) AP - Julius Hodge bounced back from a brief benching to finish with 17 points, 11 rebounds and seven assists, helping No. 16 North Carolina State hold off pesky Manhattan 76-60 Sunday night.
"Motorcycle Diaries" Biopic of Young Ch #233; Guevara Before he became the Marxist revolutionary icon known as "El Ch #233;," Ernesto Guevara de la Serna was an ordinary Argentine medical student tired of school and itching to see the world.
Remembering Hurricane Hazel 50 Years Later Fifty years ago, Hurricane Hazel unleashed death and devastation from South Carolina to Canada. The powerful storm also spurred new hurricane research and monitoring methods.
"Sleeping Dragon" Fossil May Link Dinosaurs, Birds Paleontologists say they have discovered the fossil remains of a duck-size dinosaur species, previously unknown to science, that died while catching some z's.
Pinecone-Inspired "Smart" Clothes Expand, Contract Smart clothing that adjusts to body temperature and moisture is being developed by British researchers. Their inspiration: pine cones.
Damselfish Study May Help Improve Marine Reserves A tiny fish that no one eats or cares about may tell researchers a lot about the health of Caribbean coral reefs and where to focus conservation efforts.
Oxfam wants more rich-world action on global poverty LONDON (AFP) - Rich nations need to do much more to overcome global poverty, Oxfam said in a report aimed at influencing Britain #39;s turn at the helm of the Group of Eight leading industrialized nations.
Bush administration takes emergency steps to avoid debt ceiling (AFP) AFP - US President George W. Bush's administration weathered a pre-election mauling as it announced emergency measures to skirt a 7.38-trillion-dollar debt limit.
Palace Riled by Teacher's Secret Tape of UK Prince  LONDON (Reuters) - Britain's royal family went on the  attack on Thursday after lawyers for one of Prince Harry's  former schoolteachers gave a court a secret tape they said  shows she helped him cheat on exams.
Briefly: Nortel pushes back Flextronics deal roundup Plus: HP rakes in .Net dough...Escend raises \$3 million...Hitachi cuts 10 percent of U.S. work force...Evite goes local with invitations.
Paris report: Open-source move could be costly A complete switch "would mean significant additional costs without improving the service provided," a French official says.
Intel kills plans for 4GHz Pentium Cancels release of desktop chip in shift away from megahertz towards cache tweaks to improve processor performance.
Portuguese Netsky rates a medium risk A Portuguese-sounding version of the virus has appeared in the wild. Be wary of mail from Manaus.
IBM, Cisco tackle security's weak link Companies expand security alliance to help businesses keep worms and viruses from getting onto networks.
Army Says Up to 28 G.I.'s Could Face Afghan Abuse Charges The Army's recommendation marked the completion of a nearly 2-year-old investigation into the deaths of two prisoners.
FCC eases high-speed network rules Agency gives phone companies more leeway in sharing connections. Also: Broadband over power lines gets green light.
Nortel pushes back Flextronics deal Company delays divestiture of manufacturing assets, as it focuses on its financial restatement.
Stolen 'Halo 2' hits pirate sites Microsoft vows to punish whoever stole the hotly anticipated Xbox game, due for release next month. \
Ankle Keeps Schilling From Planned Start (AP) AP - Boston ace Curt Schilling will not start a possible Game 5 of the AL championship series Sunday because of an injured right ankle, though it's possible Schilling could return later in the series.
21 cut down in Iraq gunfire BAGHDAD, Iraq (AFP) - At least 21 people, including 17 Iraqis working for the US military, were killed yesterday as a senior UN official warned that crucial elections could not be held in the current climate of violence.
NBA: No Plans to Change 3-Point Shot (AP) AP - The NBA has no plans to change its rules for the 3-point shot, though it will proceed with an experiment for its developmental league in which all field goals will be worth 2 points until the final five minutes of regulation and overtime.
FCC approves BPL interference rules The U.S. Federal Communications Commission (FCC) on Thursday cleared the way for power companies to roll out broadband over power line service by approving a set of rules designed to limit interference to other radio frequency devices such as amateur radios.
Rockets Nip Kings As NBA Travels to China (AP) AP - Hometown hero Yao Ming scored 14 points to lead the Houston Rockets to an 88-86 win over the Sacramento Kings Thursday night in the first ever NBA game played in China.
Minnows Make It on Major Soccer Stage (AP) AP - Liechtenstein is on a roll. Andorra finally has won a game. And make no mistake, Albania looks like a threat.
Georgia Hits Road After SEC Home Game (AP) AP - The Georgia Bulldogs will celebrate homecoming on Saturday. Actually, it's more like a going-away party. After the No. 12 Bulldogs host lowly Vanderbilt, there will no more Southeastern Conference games at Sanford Stadium this season. And it's only mid-October.
Google preps desktop search application Google Inc. made a much anticipated move toward what many consider the newest frontier in the digital information search sector by announcing Thursday it is offering a test version of an application designed to let users search for information stored on their desktop computers.
Corretja Wins at Open De Moselle Tourney (AP) AP - Spain's Alex Corretja overcame Gregory Carraz of France 4-6, 7-6 (5), 6-4 on Thursday in the second round of the  #36;446,050 Open de Moselle tennis tournament.
UK servers returned to media group by US feds Independent Media Center (Indymedia), the U.K.-based group responsible for running about 20 independent news Web sites, said that U.S. authorities returned its servers on Wednesday, but the group is still looking for answers as to why the two servers were seized last week.
Schilling Will Not Start Game 5  BOSTON (Sports Network) - Boston Red Sox ace Curt Schilling  will not start Game 5 of the American League Championship  Series against the New York Yankees, if it goes that far,  because of his ankle injury.
Yankees Will Start El Duque in Game 4  BOSTON (Sports Network) - The New York Yankees will start  Orlando "El Duque" Hernandez in Game 4 of the American League  Championship Series on Saturday against the Boston Red Sox.
Williams to Fight World Champion Klitschko in New York  LONDON (Reuters) - World Boxing Council (WBC) heavyweight  champion Vitali Klitschko will defend his title against  Britain's Danny Williams in New York on December 11, Williams's  promoter said on Thursday.
Yao Thrills Crowd at First China NBA Game  SHANGHAI (Reuters) - Yao Ming's Houston Rockets squeezed  past the Sacramento Kings on Thursday in the first NBA game to  be played in China, a country the fast-growing basketball  league deems a potential marketing mecca.
Intel Shelves Plans for 4-GHz P4 Company will break its promise to deliver a speedier chip, shifts focus to dual-core designs.
Almost One in Four Businesses Pirate Software Violations appears to be commonplace, even though professionals agree it is risky.
Dell Displays New TVs, Music Players Products coming this holiday season also include new photo printers.
New Study Links Mobile Phones With Benign Tumors By MATT MOORE     STOCKHOLM, Sweden (AP) -- A new Swedish study suggests that people who use a mobile phone for at least 10 years might increase their risk of developing a rare benign tumor along a nerve on the side of the head where they hold the phone.    In an interview with The Associated Press on Thursday, one of the researchers behind the preliminary study, Anders Ahlbom, said the results were surprising and need to be confirmed by more research...
Google's New Program Searches Personal Hard Drives Online search engine leader Google Inc. (GOOG) is setting its sights on the computer desktop with a new software program that promises to scour through the clutter of documents, e-mails, instant messages and other files stored on hard drives.
Schilling Out of  Game 5 Boston ace Curt Schilling will not start Game 5 of the ALCS on Sunday because of an injured right ankle. Derek Lowe will start in his place.
New York's Spitzer Sues Insurance Broker (Reuters) Reuters - New York Attorney General Eliot\Spitzer on Thursday sued Marsh   McLennan Cos., the world's No.\1 insurance broker, for steering unsuspecting clients to\certain insurers in exchange for lucrative payoffs, sending\Marsh's stock plummeting.
Google for your Desktop Search Google for your Desktop Search\\Google has been working on this one since some time now. We speculated in May that Google would be getting on with the Desktop Search in the coming months, and it is finally out in a beta release today. It is called Google Desktop Search and ...
Looking at Yahoo Local and Google Local Looking at Yahoo Local and Google Local\\I love New York City. More than any other city on the planet, New York is exciting, expansive and always interesting. As Earth's unofficial capital city New York is home to many of the world's largest entities, some even bigger than Donald Trump's ego. ...
Ex-Rite Aid Exec Sentenced to 10 Years (AP) AP - Former Rite Aid Corp. vice chairman Franklin C. Brown was sentenced to 10 years in prison Thursday for playing a leading role in an accounting-fraud scandal that drove the pharmacy retailer to lower previously reported earnings by  #36;1.6 billion more than four years ago.
Stocks End Lower as Insurers, Oil Weigh  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks slid on Thursday after New  York Attorney General Eliot Spitzer accused insurance broker  Marsh   McLennan Cos. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MMC.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;MMC.N&lt;/A&gt; of fraud, and the fallout hit  insurers, including American International Group &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=AIG.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;AIG.N&lt;/A&gt;.
Sun Micro Posts Narrower Quarterly Loss  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Network computer maker Sun  Microsystems Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=SUNW.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;SUNW.O&lt;/A&gt; on Thursday posted a narrower  quarterly loss as revenue rose year over year for the second  consecutive quarter after three years of declines, sending  shares slightly higher.
Jockeying for Top Senate Job Under Way (AP) AP - Democrat or Republican, whether for this fall or 2006, it's never too early to jockey for position in the Senate, especially if party leadership might be the prize.
Eli Lilly to Cut 575 U.S. Jobs  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Eli Lilly and Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=LLY.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;LLY.N&lt;/A&gt; said  Thursday it plans to cut 575 jobs, or a little more than 2  percent of its U.S. workforce, in a move to streamline its  operations.
Citigroup, Bank of America Post Profits  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Citigroup Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=C.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;C.N&lt;/A&gt; and Bank of  America Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=BAC.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;BAC.N&lt;/A&gt; on Thursday posted double-digit gains in  third-quarter profit, driven by gains in consumer lending and  fees.
Coventry Health to Buy First Health  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Coventry Health Care Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=CVH.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;CVH.N&lt;/A&gt; on  Thursday said it agreed to buy rival health plan First Health  Group Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=FHCC.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;FHCC.O&lt;/A&gt; for about \$1.8 billion in stock and cash  as it looks to expand its geographic reach and keep pace with  rivals.
Juniper Earnings Rise  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Network equipment maker Juniper  Networks Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=JNPR.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;JNPR.O&lt;/A&gt; on Thursday said quarterly earnings  rose, driven by good results in its mainstay routing and  security markets.
Suicide Bombings Kill 10 in Green Zone Insurgents hand-carried explosives into the most fortified section of Baghdad Thursday and detonated them within seconds of each other, killing 10 people and wounding 20.
Europe and Health Care Costs Hurt G.M. Earnings General Motors lowered its forecast for the entire year only hours after announcing plans to cut 12,000 jobs in Europe by 2006.
Arrogant, or Desperate? A Netflix policy has Bill Mann wondering -- is it because the company needs to, or it just can?
iTunes Music Store Downloads Top 150M Music fans have purchased and downloaded more than 150 million songs from the iTunes Music Store, marking another major milestone for the online music business. iTunes users are now downloading more than 4 million songs per week, a rate of over 200 million songs per year. Oct 14
Nintendo's Interactive Multiplex Nintendo mulls animated films and making its DS device an interactive tool in theaters.
More Flaws With Microsoft PC users might look at competitors after dealing with patches for patches.
Update 2: Northwest Airlines, Pilots Reach Deal Pilots for Northwest Airlines Corp. said Thursday negotiators have agreed to \$265 million in concessions. As part of the tentative agreement, Northwest managers agreed to \$35 million in concessions of their own.
Nortel pushes back Flextronics deal com October 14, 2004, 12:19 PM PT. Wired  amp; Wireless continues its reign at the top spot among IT priorities due to widespread IP telephony and wireless deployment.
Study finds amphibian population declining rapidly Australian scientists once marveled at an unusual frog that could turn off its gastric juices and brood its young in its stomach. But by 1981, the Southern gastric-brooding frog had completely disappeared.
Intel Shelves 4-GHz Pentium In Favor Of Other Projects The company #39;s planned 4-GHz design, already delayed once, will be scrapped in favor of hyperthreading, security, and on-chip memory improvements.
Apple Under Scrutiny as Music Competition Rises Apple Computer Inc. AAPL.O may have sold more than twice as many of its iPod digital music players in its most recent quarter than its signature Mac computers, but 
Williams to Fight World Champion Klitschko in New York World Boxing Council (WBC) heavyweight champion Vitali Klitschko will defend his title against Britain #39;s Danny Williams in New York on December 11, Williams #39;s promoter said on Thursday.
First round at Mallorca suspended with two sharing lead Mallorca, Spain (Sports Network) - Simon Khan stands at five-under par through 13 holes and holds a share of the lead during the first round of the Mallorca Classic.
Navy #39;s main foe is Army, but beating Notre Dame may be more &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; You can #39;t blame Navy fullback Kyle Eckel for saying the Midshipmen #39;s game Saturday with Notre Dame is more important to the players than the annual intraservice bloodletting with Army.
Trickle of Funds Frustrates Iraqi Ministers Fifty-seven nations and international organizations have concluded a two-day meeting in Japan devoted to raising funds for rebuilding Iraq.
Israel continues northern Gaza offensive; six killed in nighttime &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Jewish settlers in the Gaza Strip will be removed from their homes next summer, Prime Minister Ariel Sharon pledged Thursday, and in the meantime he said Israel will broaden its military offensive there.
NFL Insider Six wins in a row have lifted the Green Bay Packers to the top of their division and into the NFC elite, which isn #39;t saying much.
Apple CEO Makes Appearance Since Surgery (AP) AP - Steve Jobs, the charismatic chief executive of Apple Computer Inc. and Pixar Animation Studios, is back on the job after undergoing cancer surgery.
COLTS-TITANS BOX Colts.com. HEAD COACH: Jeff Fisher, 11th season as Titans head coach, 11th season as NFL head coach (92-69, 97-73 including playoffs).
Go west, tech job hunter California was home to more than a quarter of new tech jobs posted in September, a recent study indicates.
Corel buys photo software maker Jasc The graphics specialist hopes to take a bite out of Adobe's Photoshop business with the acquisition. \
Sun Microsystems Narrows 1Q Loss Sun Microsystems Inc. on Thursday posted a narrowed first-quarter loss on a second consecutive quarter of sales growth. Sun released its results after the closing bell and shares rose 7 cents, or 1.8 percent, to \$4.
PlanetOut Soars in Public Trading Debut PlanetOut Inc. showed a small gain in morning activity before shooting up more than 15 percent in recent trading, marking a successful initial public offering for the Web site operator while Thursday #39;s second deal fell flat in its debut.
Intel Nixes Plans for 4-Gigahertz Pentium (AP) AP - In the latest change to its product lineup, Intel Corp. canceled plans Thursday to release a 4-gigahertz computer microprocessor, saying it would rely approaches besides faster clock speed to improve the performance of chips.
Intel Shelves Plans for 4-GHz P4 Company will break its promise to deliver a speedier chip, shifts focus to dual-core designs. Intel has confirmed its near-term plans for its desktop processors before it reaches the multicore era.
Amphibian Extinctions Sound Global Eco-Alarm -Study They may thrive on land and in water, but amphibians everywhere are in serious trouble and up to a third of species are threatened with extinction, a troubling new study said on Friday.
Moulds favors opening up Bills passing attack Receiver Eric Moulds is all for team owner Ralph Wilson #39;s suggestion that the Buffalo Bills open up their passing attack.  quot;I think we #39;ve got the players to open it up, quot; Moulds said, Thursday.
Bennett hits out at critics Australian rugby league coach Wayne Bennett yesterday slammed the perception that the Kangaroos would have to lose the Tri-Nations final for the tournament to succeed.
Google Tool Expands on Core Technology (AP) AP - Google Inc.'s long-awaited expansion of its search tools from the Internet to individual computers takes advantage of the company's core technology as well as a weakness in Microsoft Corp.'s Windows operating system.
Two Britons Feared Dead in Canada Plane Crash Two Britons are feared to have been killed in a cargo plane which crashed immediately after take-off in eastern Canada and burst into flames.
Intel Cancels Top-Speed Pentium 4 Chip Intel Corp. on Thursday canceled plans to introduce its highest-speed Pentium 4 chip\for desktop computers, marking another in a string of unexpected product changes, cancellations and recalls at the world's largest computer chip maker.
Sun Micro Posts Narrower Quarterly Loss Network computer maker Sun Microsystems Inc. on Thursday posted a narrower quarterly loss as revenue rose year over year for the second\consecutive quarter after three years of declines, sending shares slightly higher.
Britons would vote overwhelmingly for Kerry in US election: poll (AFP) AFP - British voters would turf President George W. Bush out of office in favour of John Kerry by an overwhelming majority if the November 2 US election was being held in their country, a poll said.
Coventry Health to Buy First Health (Reuters) Reuters - Coventry Health Care Inc.  on\Thursday said it agreed to buy rival health plan First Health\Group Corp.  for about  #36;1.8 billion in stock and cash\as it looks to expand its geographic reach and keep pace with\rivals.
Vote Counting Begins in Afghan Election (AP) AP - Vote counting started Thursday in Afghanistan's landmark election, widely expected to install U.S.-backed interim leader Hamid Karzai as the war-ravaged country's first popularly chosen president.
Austria #39;s Raich wins first slalom of season CBC SPORTS ONLINE - It wasn #39;ta great weekend for American Bode Miller in Beaver Creek, Colo. The World Cup overall leader wasn #39;ta factor for the second straight race and could only watch as Benjamin Raich 
Kerry Lesbian Remark Angers Cheneys (AP) AP - Dick Cheney and his wife say they are angry at John Kerry for invoking their lesbian daughter during the final presidential debate. Kerry says he was just trying to say something nice about how the Cheneys have dealt with the issue and meant no offense.
Kerry: Bush Out of Touch, Out of Ideas, Out of Time (Reuters) Reuters - Democratic challenger John Kerry,\pumped up by polls showing he won all three debates with\President Bush, dismissed the Republican incumbent on Thursday\as out of touch, out of ideas and out of time.
Byrd Defends Dayton's Office Closure (AP) AP - The Senate's most senior member on Thursday defended Sen. Mark Dayton's decision to close his Washington office over concerns about a terrorist attack.
Israel to Pull Forces from Gaza Refugee Camp -Reports  JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon  decided on Thursday that Israeli forces could withdraw from a  teeming refugee camp in northern Gaza, media reports said.
Death Toll from Israel's Gaza Offensive Rises to 100  GAZA (Reuters) - Israeli air strikes killed five  Palestinians in Gaza Thursday as the Palestinian death toll  rose to 100 in a 16-day-old army offensive aimed at crushing  militants behind rocket salvos into Israel.
Dollar Weakens on Expanded U.S. Trade Gap  CHICAGO (Reuters) - The dollar retreated on Thursday  following a report showing the U.S. trade deficit grew to the  second-highest level on record in August, stoking doubts about  U.S. economic growth.
Stocks Slip on GM Earnings, Higher Oil NEW YORK - Investors sent stocks falling sharply for a second straight day Thursday as crude oil prices surged near \$55 per barrel and General Motors Corp.'s earnings disappointed the market. The Dow Jones industrial average, having fallen 153 points over two days, dropped back below 10,000...
Study Links Mobile Phones, Benign Tumors STOCKHOLM, Sweden - A Swedish study suggests that people who use a cell phone for at least 10 years might increase their risk of developing a rare benign tumor along a nerve on the side of the head where they hold the phone.    In an interview Thursday with The Associated Press, one of the researchers behind the preliminary study, Anders Ahlbom, said the results were surprising and more research is needed...
O'Reilly Says He's Ready to Fight Charges NEW YORK - Fox News Channel's Bill O'Reilly made a TV talk show appearance on what he said was "the worst day of my life" Thursday, vowing to fight sexual harassment charges by one of his producers.    Accuser Andrea Mackris spoke publicly for the first time, saying she felt threatened by her former boss, who filed a lawsuit charging the woman and her lawyer with extortion...
Injured Schilling to Miss ALCS Game 5 Turn BOSTON - Boston ace Curt Schilling will not start Game 5 of the AL championship series Sunday because of an injured right ankle, though it's possible he could return later in the series.    Derek Lowe will start in his place - unless the schedule is pushed back by rain that is forecast for Game 3 on Friday night...
Brief: West Virginia funds public grid computing effort The state of West Virginia is developing the first state-sponsored open public Internet grid computing effort. The tool will be used in such fields as biometrics and cancer research.
A rebounding L.A. department launches second PeopleSoft rollout Using lessons learned from a difficult implementation four years ago, the city of Los Angeles is finding an easier time in its second major rollout of PeopleSoft software.
Starbucks serves up music and CD-burning in its cafes Starbucks announced nationwide rollout of the Hear Music bar, which enables customers to listen to music from tablet PCs, burn the music on CDs in the stores and purchase the CDs with a credit card.
Intel shelves plans for 4-GHz Pentium 4 Intel won't release a 4-GHz version of its flagship Pentium 4 product, having decided instead to realign its engineers around the company's new design priorities, an Intel spokesman said today.  \\
OQO handheld PC fails to excite PC World reviewer says Windows XP-based handheld's poor design and performance make it tough to recommend.
Apple posts highest Q4 revenue in almost a decade Apple Computer's iPod music player helped the company increase revenue at a dizzying rate, leading to its highest fourth-quarter revenue in nine years.
IBM, Cisco forge enterprise security tie IBM and Cisco Systems unveiled product updates that will link technology from the two companies more closely together to protect customer networks from security threats.
PeopleSoft exec follows Conway out the door Within two weeks of the firing of CEO Craig Conway, PeopleSoft has seen the departure of Ram Gupta, senior vice president of products and technology.
Software helping companies beat Sarb-Ox deadline Companies that have until 2005 to document their IT and financial controls under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act are using documentation software to help them prepare ahead of time.
Russia may sell 76.8 percent of Yukos core production unit: report Russia may auction 76.8 percent of the capital of Yukos #39; major subsidiary of Yuganskneftegaz by the end of this month to cover the oil giant #39;s multi-billion-dollar back taxes bill, Interfax news agency reported Thursday.
Spitzer puts Wall Street #39;s top insurers in his sights Eliot Spitzer showed once again why he is Wall Street #39;s worst nightmare yesterday when he launched a scathing attack on the insurance industry that could lead to criminal charges against leading executives.
Netflix Sees Break Even in 2005, Stock Down 35 Pct Online DVD rental company Netflix Inc. on Thursday cut its subscription price and said it was changing its strategy to sacrifice healthy profits for growth in the face of strong competition.
Icahn: Scoffs At Mylan-King Pharma Merger In SEC Proxy Not buying it. Megafinancier Carl Icahn has made it clear: He #39;s still opposed to Mylan Laboratories #39; (nyse: MYL - news - people ) proposed acquisition of King Pharmaceuticals (nyse: KG - news - people ). Despite 
US trade deficit widens to \$54 billion on oil spike WASHINGTON The United States announced Thursday that its trade gap widened in August to \$54 billion, the second-largest ever, reflecting record spending on imported oil and a decline in goods exports that may presage a slowdown in manufacturing.
Update 1: Eli Lilly Plans to Eliminate 575 Jobs Eli Lilly and Co. said Thursday it will eliminate 575 jobs to streamline operations and become more competitive. The employees in those positions, mostly sales and support jobs, will be given the choice of 
UPDATE 1-ATA shares up on merger talk, but analysts doubt Shares of ATA Holdings Corp., (ATAH.O: Quote, Profile, Research) parent of discount airline ATA, rose as much as 22 percent on Thursday after a Wall Street Journal 
Unrepentant Airbus seeks further launch aid Airbus inflamed the transatlantic trade dispute with Boeing yesterday by declaring that it would apply for up to 1bn (690m) in launch aid for its proposed 
Alitalia revisions swell its loss MILAN The Italian airline Alitalia, in a restatement Wednesday of its results for the first half of the year, almost doubled its previously reported loss to 620 million as it set aside money to pay for a restructuring plan.
Google Search Hits The Desktop Google #39;s (Quote, Chart) Desktop Search application, released today, sorts through desktop files of all sorts, as well as AOL Instant Messenger chats and Web sites the user has visited.
Intel Cancels Top-Speed Pentium 4 Chip Intel Corp. (INTC.O: Quote, Profile, Research) on Thursday canceled plans to introduce its highest-speed desktop computer chip, ending for now a 25-year run that has 
The polluted planet: Alarm as global study finds one-third of &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; They were the first animals with backbones to walk on land. They witnessed the rise and fall of the dinosaurs and were present at the birth of a bipedal ape who went on to become 
TechBrief: Blow to file sharers The British music industry won an important High Court decision Thursday that would force Internet service providers to hand over the identity of Britons accused of using the Internet to swap free songs.
Starbucks : Rip Music While Drinking Coffee Starbucks Coffee today announced the national launch of the Hear Music media bar. This new service, powered by HP technology, allows Starbucks customers to create personalized CD compilations and burn full 
Human Lie Detectors Almost Never Miss, Study Finds As he lies, the young man shrugs, flutters his eyelids and shakes his head. Another, on a witness stand, grimaces for a millisecond as he answers a question.
Cisco, IBM Team Up on Security IBM #39;s Tivoli Security Compliance Manager scans devices that plug into the network, such as laptops and home computers that may have been unprotected by network security.
SCO Site Will Aim to Offset Groklaw Coverage SCO is sick and tired of being  quot;dissed quot; by online bloggers and journalists, and it #39;s not going to take it anymore. So, it #39;s launching its own Web site to tell its side of the story concerning its many legal disputes.
Goosen brings a sparkle to the gloom With overnight rain causing a 2-hour delay to the start of play in the HSBC World Matchplay Championship at Wentworth, Retief Goosen did his bit to help to make up ground.
Dufner leads first round of Greensboro Classic Tour rookie Jason Dufner shot a seven-under-par 65 to take the first round lead at the Greensboro Classic on Thursday. Dufner, who has never led a round on the 
NBA teams play first exhibition game in China SHANGHAI - Playing in his home town before an adoring crowd that chanted his name, Yao Ming had the jitters. He missed his first two shots and allowed Brad Miller to score against him repeatedly early in the first quarter.
Vogts abused by fans after draw with Moldova CHISINAU: Scotland coach Berti Vogts was verbally abused by fans after his side #39;s flagging World Cup qualification hopes were dealt a further blow in a 1-1 draw in Moldova on Wednesday.
Eriksson to have a word in Beckham #39;s ear Sven-Goran Eriksson, England #39;s head coach, said last night that he would be advising David Beckham that  quot;silence is golden quot;.
Game 2 rainout would give Astros much-needed breather ST. LOUIS -- A day of steady rain not only caused the Busch Stadium tarp to cover the infield little more than two hours before the scheduled start of Game 2 of the NL Championship Series, it gave the Houston Astros some hope strengthening their rotation.
Park shoots 62 for two-stroke lead PALM DESERT, Calif. -- While playing partners Annika Sorenstam and Michelle Wie grabbed most of the attention, Grace Park made history Thursday at the Samsung World Championship.
Klitschko to defend title against Williams LONDON - Danny Williams has earned a heavyweight title shot nearly three months after derailing Mike Tysons comeback. Williams will fight World Boxing Council champion Vitali Klitschko in New York on Dec. 11.
Porter deserved top coach honors last season Forget about Hubie Brown, Jerry Sloan and Larry Brown Terry Porter should have been last season #39;s Coach of the Year if only for getting the most out of the least.
Pakistani Commandos Storm Hideout, Freeing a Chinese Hostage One Chinese hostage was freed and another killed when Pakistani commandos stormed the hideout of Islamic militants in northwestern Pakistan today, government officials said.
Mandelson attacks gay row commissioner The crisis over claims by Italy #39;s incoming EU Justice and Home Affairs commissioner that homosexuality is  quot;a sin quot; deepened yesterday, as his future colleague, Peter Mandelson, described the remarks as  quot;unwise quot;.
Aid to Iraq should be sent faster, donors say TOKYO Aid to Iraq should be disbursed faster, Iraqi companies should get priority for contracts, and projects should be focused on bolstering parliamentary elections that are to be held in January, Iraqis and donor representatives agreed on Thursday at 
Taiwan denies plutonium testing TAIPEI - Taiwan denied that the island #39;s nuclear weapons programme - abandoned in the 1980s - involved experimenting with separating plutonium.
Groups Decry Detention of Priest in Haiti The arrest of a Catholic priest drew criticism from human rights groups Thursday, who charged that the US-backed government was illegally trying to suppress support for ousted President Jean-Bertrand Aristide.
Tennis: Spain grinds US into the red clay SEVILLE, Spain It was not quite what Carlos Moya missed the first time. The setting was not his country #39;s tennis capital and former home city of Barcelona but the capital of the Spanish region of Andalusia.
Human Right group condemns US The group "Human Rights Watch" has issued a detailed report outlining allegations of torture, abuse and violence against prisoners. Prisoners who have been made to "vanish" by unaccountable agencies.
Intel Cancels Top-Speed Pentium 4 Chip  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Intel Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=INTC.O qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;INTC.O&lt;/A&gt; on Thursday  canceled plans to introduce its highest-speed desktop computer  chip, ending for now a 25-year run that has seen the speeds of  Intel's microprocessors increase by more than 750 times.
Netflix Sees Break Even in 2005, Stock Down 35 Pct (Reuters) Reuters - Online DVD rental company Netflix\Inc. on Thursday cut its subscription price and said it was\changing its strategy to sacrifice healthy profits for growth\in the face of strong competition.
Intel Cancels Top-Speed Pentium 4 Chip (Reuters) Reuters - Intel Corp.  on Thursday\canceled plans to introduce its highest-speed desktop computer\chip, ending for now a 25-year run that has seen the speeds of\Intel's microprocessors increase by more than 750 times.
Trade Deficit Soars; Jobless Claims Rise (AP) AP - The trade deficit jumped to the second-highest level in history as surging demand for foreign oil swamped a small gain in U.S. exports, the government reported Thursday. America's trade gap with China hit an all-time high as retailers stocked up on cell phones, toys and televisions in preparation for Christmas sales.
Apple quarterly profit doubles; outlook tops views Apple Computer (AAPL) on Wednesday reported its quarterly profit more than doubled, on strong sales of its iPod digital music player and notebook computers, and said earnings for the current quarter would be much better than 
Northwest, Pilots Reach Tentative Accord on Pay Cut (Update4) Northwest Airlines Corp., the fourth- largest US airline, and its pilots union reached tentative agreement on a contract that would cut pay and benefits, saving the company \$265 million a year.
Lilly to Eliminate Up to 575 US Jobs Drugmaker Eli Lilly and Co. (LLY.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Thursday said it will eliminate up to 575 US positions, representing 2 percent of its US work force, in order to streamline operations and reduce costs.
Follow-Through (Forbes.com) Forbes.com - In the year since our cover story on former Israeli commando Amnon Landan and Mercury Interactive, the Sunnyvale, Calif. software company has taken hostile fire on multiple fronts. Mercury sells testing tools that catch glitches in software programs and make Web and business programs run smoothly. It is grappling with new competition from open source vendors like JUnit and OpenSTA, which offer testing software for free. It's also facing pricing pressure from larger competitor IBM. Mercury stock has tumbled 20 since July.
Sun Microsystems Narrows 1Q Loss (AP) AP - Sun Microsystems Inc. returned to a loss in its fiscal first quarter as the server and software maker paid for its recent restructuring efforts and a settlement with Eastman Kodak Co.
IBM, Cisco Beef Up Enterprise Security Following CA #39;s announcement yesterday, IBM gave word that they are bundling Cisco Network Admission Control (NAC) technology into certain Tivoli systems and network management apps.
IBM, Borland upgrade developer tools OCTOBER 13, 2004 (COMPUTERWORLD) - Borland Software Corp. and IBM announced upgrades to their development tools this week designed to support heterogeneous environments and more closely link software creation to business goals.
Lava Building Up Rock at Mount St. Helens (AP) AP - More lava emerged Thursday on the crater floor of Mount St. Helens, expanding a rock formation building on the volcano's old lava dome.
New Russian-U.S. Crew Heads Into Space (AP) AP - A new Russian-U.S. crew headed to the international space station Thursday, surging into orbit aboard a Soyuz spacecraft none of the three astronauts has piloted before.
Goosen skims through rain to secure record victory Retief Goosen was the only player to book his place in the quarter-finals of the HSBC World Match Play here yesterday but it took a record margin of victory for the South African to be in such a luxurious overnight position.
Eriksson tells Beckham to give up on kick and tell SVEN Goran Eriksson has warned David Beckham to keep quiet about his indiscretions on the pitch as he intimated the players cardinal sin was not getting booked on purpose - but admitting to it in public.
Munro rested for key start In terms of a silver lining, at least Houston fans should know that Pete Munro is well rested. Munro, the Astros #39; Game 2 starter, hasn #39;t been on the mound in a game since Oct. 1 
Scientist Teaching Bacteria to Eat Coffee Plant's Caffeine (Reuters) Reuters - In what could be a page taken from a\science fiction novel, a scientist in his laboratory is trying\to teach bacteria how to devour and destroy the caffeine\contained in a coffee plant.
US launches air strikes on Fallujah US warplanes have launched sustained and fierce attacks on the rebel-held Iraqi town of Fallujah, witnesses said. They said explosions could be heard in the attacks, a day after interim Prime Minister Iyad 
Israeli Military Kills 4 Palestinian Militants in Gaza Operation The Israeli military killed four Palestinian militants on Wednesday as troops in tanks and armored vehicles pushed into another town in the northern Gaza Strip, extending 
Trade deficit soars as Americans buy Chinese cell phones, toys &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The trade deficit jumped to the second-highest level in history as surging demand for foreign oil swamped a small gain in US exports, the government reported Thursday.
ATA stock soars on merger speculation ATA Holdings Corp. #39;s stock price surged 22 percent this morning then settled to an eight-percent gain on renewed speculation the troubled Indianapolis airline is discussing a merger with America West Airlines.
Enter your e-mail: Here at the Digital Life trade show in New York City Internet search behemoth Google has created quite a buzz on the show floor with the launch of its much-anticipated Google Desktop Search utility.
 #39;Wizards #39; can spot a liar instantly A handful of people, mostly elderly, are so good at working out when someone is truthful that experts yesterday called them the  quot;wizards quot; of lie detection.
When will Mount St Helens erupt? Research reported in Science today (14 October 2004) shows that rocks erupted from the Mount St Helens volcano in 1980 preserve a remarkable record of the goings-on beneath the volcano in the period prior to its eruption.
Eli Lilly Eliminating Jobs Indianapolis-based drug manufacturer, Eli Lilly, is eliminating 575 US jobs, in order to streamline operations and become more competitive.
Brin: Google Launches Desktop Search To Smite Microsoft Forensic files: Google (nasdaq: GOOG - news - people ) on Thursday rolled out a seminal version of its new desktop tool, enabling users to scrutinize hard drives as they would Web sites.
State of the world #39;s amphibians bleak: report WASHINGTON - Frogs, toads and newts face worldwide environmental threats, according to a new study by more than 500 scientists from over 60 nations.
Chemists could predict volcanos moves WASHINGTON - Monitoring the gases emitted by lava from Mount St. Helens might provide clues to future eruptions, a British volcano expert says.
Bone Loss a Serious Threat to Older Americans By LAURAN NEERGAARD    WASHINGTON (AP) -- Half of Americans older than 50 will be at risk of fractures from too-thin bones by 2020, the surgeon general warned Thursday, urging people to get more calcium, vitamin D and exercise to avoid crippling osteoporosis.    The bone-thinning disease is on the rise as the population grays - but weak bones aren't a natural consequence of aging, Surgeon General Richard Carmona stressed...
New Google tool searches desktop Some of the real estate coveted most by the Internet giants isn #39;t on the Internet at all. It #39;s on your computer hard drive.
Amphibian decline serves as global warning NEARLY one in three species of frogs, toads and newts in the world is under threat of extinction, according to the most comprehensive global study of amphibians ever conducted.
BPI wins court order on filesharing The High Court this morning granted the music industry the power to request the names and addresses of the 28 file sharers the industry aims to litigate against.
IBM, Cisco Expand Security Alliance Covering Enterprise Networks RESEARCH TRIANGLE PARK - IBM and Cisco Systems are broadening their security alliance to offer new automatic security applications for enterprise networks.
IBM Announces New Development Platform Many emerging market businesses will soon have access to the IBM Rational software development platform for the first time, through the open source Eclipse development framework.
PayPal Says Business Nearly Back To Normal PayPal, the popular payment method on auction site eBay Inc., said Wednesday the technical problems that left many users unable to access their accounts or conduct business appear to over.
Strachan can lead Scotland from the mire EVERY time the clamour starts over the future of a manager, there are always a few weary souls who can be relied upon to ask  quot;Who else is there?
US trade deficit soars The United States has recorded its second biggest trade deficit in history, fuelled by high oil prices and imports from China. The deficit grew six-point-nine percent in August to 54 billion US dollars...several billion more than predicted by analysts.
Europeans May Outfox US on Options The group that sets US accounting rules decided yesterday to delay for six months its plan to force companies to treat stock option grants as immediate expenses.
Hollinger International to refile  #39;looting #39; case against ex-CEO Newspaper publisher Hollinger International Inc. said Thursday it intends to refile the bulk of its dismissed case against ousted CEO Conrad Black and associates, intent on winning 
Update 1: Bank Values Yukos Unit Above Assessment An independent assessor valued Yukos #39; main production unit at \$14.7 billion to \$17.3 billion on Thursday, the same day a news agency reported that a controlling stake in the business could be sold for just over \$4 billion.
UBS Global criticizes proposed Mylan-King deal WASHINGTON An investment firm has told Mylan Laboratories that a proposed acquisition of King Pharmaceuticals is not in the best interests of investors.
US trade deficit is 2nd highest ever The US trade deficit, propelled by a record foreign oil bill, surged to \$54 billion in August, second highest level in history. The politically sensitive 
EU not ready to lift sanctions against US There will be no early end to punitive European tariffs on US products despite a decision by the US Congress to end a corporate tax subsidy ruled illegal by the World Trade Organisation (WTO)Pascal Lamy, the European Unions chief trade negotiator 
AOL launches new portal, tests desktop search America Online on Thursday confirmed it is testing a new search engine that scans for files on a PC #39;s hard drive, mirroring a similar product unveiled this week by Google.
Pedro takes it in stride So what does it feel like to hear a stadium crammed with Yankees fans at full roar all chanting  quot;Who #39;s Your Daddy? quot; over and over and over and over and over?
The Great One weighed owner-coach role Already the Phoenix Coyotes managing partner, The Great One was asked by general manager Mike Barnett if he #39;d be interested in running the team from behind the bench, too.
A tall order awaits Williams but his dream is within reach If Danny Williams did not fully appreciate the sheer size of Vitali Klitschko, he does now. After a series of eyeball-to-eyeball poses for the photographers at yesterday #39;s London press conference to announce 
British Grand Prix given a chance The British Grand Prix got a second chance in 2005, after Formula One bosses put it in 2005 #39;s race calendar - as long as a deal can be reached.
Coyotes asked him but Gretzky likely not in line to coach NHL club PHOENIX (CP) - Coyotes GM Mike Barnett approached managing partner Wayne Gretzky in June about coaching the NHL club but the idea hasn #39;t got any further than that.
Bombers kill 10 in  #39;safe #39; zone Suicide bombers penetrated the headquarters of allied forces in Iraq for the first time yesterday, killing 10 people and provoking an urgent review of security in Baghdad #39;s Green Zone.
US planes pound Fallujah as talks break down FALLUJAH, Iraq -- The US military intensified its air raids Thursday against suspected hideouts of Iraq #39;s most wanted man Abu Mussab al-Zarqawi, while efforts to mediate a truce between the government and rebels collapsed.
Briefly: Maxtor loses its CFO--again roundup Plus: Profits, revenue climb at Rambus...Apple iTunes sales quicken...Nortel pushes back Flextronics deal.
Sakhalin to Supply America A Royal Dutch/Shell-led group building the world #39;s largest liquefied natural gas plant on Sakhalin Island has clinched its first term supply deal in North America, the group said Thursday.
Sun rises above Wall Street goal Server and software maker says it beat targets, but laid off more workers than expected in the first quarter.
Maxtor loses its CFO--again It's the second time this year the disk drive maker has seen its CFO resign.
Profits, revenue climb at Rambus Memory designer Rambus reported a rise in net income to \$10.4 million, or 10 cents a share, on revenue of \$38.8 million in the third quarter.
IBM preps new top-end Unix servers Big Blue plans to announce the servers Friday, sources say, stirring up major new challenges for Sun and HP.
MP3, hints of delay for PlayStation Portable Reported comments from Sony exec raise doubts about launch of games handheld, which will include MP3 support.
Screenshot 4 of 4: Google Desktop Search tool Google unveils its first desktop application for searching through personal files on the PC and through a person's Web history.
Screenshot 3 of 4: Google Desktop Search tool Google unveils its first desktop application for searching through personal files on the PC and through a person's Web history.
Screenshot 1 of 4: Google Desktop Search tool Google unveils its first desktop application for searching through personal files on the PC and through a person's Web history.
Screenshot 2 of 4: Google Desktop Search tool Google unveils its first desktop application for searching through personal files on the PC and through a person's Web history.
Tiger Woods Turned Away From San Juan (AP) AP - Tiger Woods and his new wife were briefly held aboard their private yacht Thursday by U.S. Coast Guard officers and turned away from San Juan's port because they failed to notify authorities of their arrival ahead of time, an official said.
Germany's Schroeder arrives in Libya (AFP) AFP - German Chancellor Gerhard Schroeder arrived in Libya for an official visit during which he is to hold talks with Libyan leader Moamer Kadhafi.
Smoking should be banned in cars that carry children: medical group (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - TORONTO (CP) - The dangers of second-hand smoke are so great there should be a ban on lighting up in cars carrying children, Ontario doctors said Thursday, bringing an immediate outcry from critics who labelled it another attack on personal freedoms.
Democratic Leader Asks for Ethics Probe (AP) AP - The House Democratic leader Thursday asked for an investigation of alleged threatening remarks made to the ethics committee chairman by GOP lawmakers.
TV patent suit against Microsoft will proceed SAN FRANCISCO - A California judge has denied three motions for summary judgement in a patent infringement case filed by TV Interactive Data Corp. (TVI) against Microsoft Corp., meaning the case will proceed to trial.
Sun posts \$174 million loss for the quarter SAN FRANCISCO - With \$190 million in charges on its balance sheet related to restructuring and its recent patent lawsuit settlement with Eastman Kodak Co., Sun Microsystems Inc. on Thursday posted a net loss of \$174 million for its the first quarter of its fiscal 2005 year, which ended September 26.
UN Haiti Force Needs Troops Urgently - Brazil  BRASILIA, Brazil (Reuters) - U.N. peacekeepers in Haiti  urgently need reinforcements to cope with surging violence in  the Caribbean country devastated by tropical storms, Brazil's  foreign minister said on Thursday.
PeopleSoft exec follows Conway out the door Within two weeks of the firing of CEO Craig Conway, business applications vendor PeopleSoft Inc. has seen the departure of another top executive, Ram Gupta, executive vice president of products and technology.
Intel sets cruise control on Pentium 4 SAN FRANCISCO - Intel Corp. President and Chief Operating Officer Paul Otellini served notice at the company's recent developer conference that the megahertz era was coming to a close, and the decision Thursday to remove the 4GHz Pentium 4 processor from its road map is clear evidence that Intel has once and for all kicked its speed habit, according to industry analysts.&lt;p&gt;ADVERTISEMENT&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;&lt;img src="http://ad.doubleclick.net/ad/idg.us.ifw.general/sbcspotrssfeed;sz=1x1;ord=200301151450?" width="1" height="1" border="0"/&gt;&lt;a href="http://ad.doubleclick.net/clk;9228975;9651165;a?http://www.infoworld.com/spotlights/sbc/main.html?lpid0103035400730000idlp"&gt;SBC Case Study: Crate   Barrel&lt;/a&gt;&lt;br/&gt;What sold them on improving their network? A system that could cut management costs from the get-go. Find out more.&lt;/p&gt;
Argentine Political Exile Wins Claim for Damages  BUENOS AIRES, Argentina (Reuters) - Argentina's Supreme  Court ruled for the first time on Thursday that someone who  fled the country fearing political persecution during the 1970s  "dirty war" should receive damages from the government.
Signs of progress amid turmoil in Iraq US military pressure against insurgents, coupled with Iraqi government efforts to negotiate, may be gaining traction.
Britain's imported MDs scratch noggins over language The influx of doctors has created teething problems, some amusing - like the language confusion - some more serious.
Nigeria strike ends amid warnings A four-day general strike ends in Nigeria but unions threaten more action in two weeks if petrol prices stay high.
Al-Aqsa mosque restriction lifted Israel says it will not limit the number of Muslims at Jerusalem's holy site during the Ramadan fasting month.
US firm gets two Iraqi contracts The US Agency for International Development awards American firm Louis Berger two Iraqi reconstruction contracts worth a total \$208m.
U.S. Marines Launch Attacks in Fallujah BAGHDAD, Iraq - U.S. Marines launched air and ground attacks Thursday on the insurgent bastion Fallujah after city representatives suspended peace talks with the government over Prime Minister Ayad Allawi's demand to hand over terror mastermind Abu Musab al-Zarqawi...
Malaria Vaccine Has Promising Test Results LONDON - Scientists have made important progress in the quest for a malaria vaccine, showing for the first time that childhood shots can prevent nearly one-third of cases and slash the risk of severe, life-threatening attacks by almost two-thirds.    Experts say the findings, outlined this week in The Lancet medical journal, provide robust evidence that the dream of developing a vaccine that will get babies through the most vulnerable period of infancy could become a reality by the end of the decade...
Is This the Week the Pats' Streak Ends? (AP) AP - In the first 232 minutes of its season, Seattle held opponents to 23 points. Then it allowed 23 in the next 11 minutes, blowing last week's game to St. Louis in overtime.
Park Leads World Championship by Two Shots (AP) AP - Grace Park capped an almost flawless round by rolling in a 25-foot birdie putt for a 10-under 62 Thursday that gave her a two-stroke lead after the first round of the Samsung World Championship.
Yankees Will Start El Duque in Game Four  BOSTON (Sports Network) - The New York Yankees will start  Orlando "El Duque" Hernandez in Game 4 of the American League  Championship Series on Saturday against the Boston Red Sox.
Schilling to Miss A.L.C.S. Game 5 Start Boston ace Curt Schilling will not face the Yankees on Sunday because of an injured right ankle, though it's possible he could return later in the series.
Astros Pinning Hopes on Untested Pitcher Houston put their hopes in a pitcher untested in the postseason when they give Pete Munro the ball to start Game 2 of the N.L. Championship Series tonight.
Infocus: SSH Host Key Protection This is the first in a series of articles on SSH in-depth. We start with looking at standard SSH host keys by examining the verification process to ensure you have not been the victim of an attack.
Untested Munro Gets Ball The Houston Astros, down 0-1, put their hopes in a pitcher untested in the postseason when they give Pete Munro the ball (8:19 p.m., Fox).
Mac OS X: Best Unix Desktop Steven J. Vaughan-Nichols writes for eWeek,  #147;GNOME is nice, KDE is fine and the forthcoming Looking Glass may be wonderful, but the best Unix desktop is the one in the Macintosh. #148; Oct 14
Sun Microsystems Posts Narrower Quarterly Loss Revenue for the network computer maker rose year over year for the second consecutive quarter after three years of declines, the company said today.
Oppenheimer Fund Cuts Its Volatility (Investor's Business Daily) Investor's Business Daily - Why does it matter who runs your mutual fund? Oppenheimer MidCap Fund is Exhibit A.
Poker's New Suit (Forbes.com) Forbes.com - Maybe poker really is a sport. It's televised. It's awash in prize loot. And now there's even an ownership feud brewing between its biggest promoters.
New York AG to Sue Insurance Broker  NEW YORK (Reuters) - New York Attorney General Eliot  Spitzer on Thursday sued insurance broker Marsh   McLennan Cos.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MMC.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;MMC.N&lt;/A&gt;, charging they engaged in market manipulation.
SEC Eyes Possible Abuses in Pensions  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Securities and Exchange  Commission is looking into possible accounting abuses involving  companies' assumptions about employee pension funds, the SEC's  top enforcement official said on Thursday.
NAB tests the water for sale of its Irish banks NATIONAL Australia Bank yesterday announced it had hired the investment bank Lazards to gauge buying interest for its Irish banks, signalling it was prepared to leave part of its European market.
SunTrust Banks Gets SEC Inquiry Notice Financial services firm SunTrust Banks Inc. said Thursday that it received notice that the Securities and Exchange Commission is conducting an informal inquiry into the company #39;s recent announcement that it 
No strings attached - but where #39;s the catch? SOMETIMES even the largest technology companies act as if their chief scientist or head of marketing has gone to town with a cow and traded it for a bean.
Red Sox #39;s dark days might be followed quickly by winter BOSTON -- Screeching guitars and loud rock and roll bounced around the empty seats in Fenway Park here Thursday afternoon as the Boston Red Sox took batting practice.
English newspapers make beeline for Beckham #39;s jugular Only in England could David Beckham be not so much in hot water but a bubbling volcano for admitting he deliberately got himself cautioned during England #39;s 2-0 win against Wales last Saturday.
Elkington in touch at Greensboro Classic Australian golfer Steve Elkington is two strokes off the pace after the first round of the Greensboro Classic in North Carolina. Elkington, whose first US victory came in Greensboro 14 years ago, is one of 
Abdur-Rahim makes best of situation No, his position in the starting lineup isn #39;t solidified after one preseason game, and there #39;s a big question mark surrounding his future.
Four Americans killed in Baghdad blasts WASHINGTON: Four US nationals and six Iraqis were killed in two attacks yesterday in the Green Zone in Baghdad. The four Americans killed were security staff with a private company, US State Department spokesman Richard Boucher said.
Musharraf Quitting Army Would Be Good Thing, #39; US Govt Says A decision by Pakistan #39;s President Pervez Musharraf to quit as army chief would be a good thing #39; #39; and would encourage progress toward full democracy, US State Department spokesman Richard Boucher said.
Google Launches PC Hard-Drive Search Tool (AP) AP - Google Inc. on Thursday became the first tech heavyweight to tackle the daunting task of uncluttering computers, introducing a program that quickly scours hard drives for documents, e-mails, instant messages and past Web searches.
Study Links Mobile Phones, Benign Tumors (AP) AP - A Swedish study suggests that people who use a cell phone for at least 10 years might increase their risk of developing a rare benign tumor along a nerve on the side of the head where they hold the phone.
FCC Approves Fiber-Optic Broadband Rules (AP) AP - Federal regulators approved new rules Thursday aimed at making high-speed Internet available to more Americans. Critics contended the action will hinder competition in broadband services and keep prices high.
Netflix Seeks Growth, Not Profit, Shares Plunge (Reuters) Reuters - Online DVD rental company Netflix\Inc. on Thursday cut its subscription price and said it was\changing its strategy to sacrifice profits for growth in the\face of growing competition, sending its shares plunging to\their lowest level in almost a year-and-a-half.
From Economic Power to Economic Powder JEDDAH, 6 December 2004 - The current situation with Iraq has all the ingredients of a long-term liability to the balance sheet of America, which some day it might be a disaster to the state of world economy.
Sun releases JDS for Solaris SAN FRANCISCO - Sun Microsystems Inc. last week quietly released a version of its Java Desktop System (JDS) software based on the Solaris x86 operating system, a move the company is calling the first step in a long-term strategy to unify the user interface for Sun's Linux and Solaris products, Sun officials said Thursday.
Northwest Airlines, pilots reach tentative deal on wage &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; MINNEAPOLIS Northwest Airlines has won tentative concessions worth 265 (m) million dollars annually from pilots -- a major first step toward its goal of slashing labor costs by 950 (M) million dollars.
Dell hears consumer electronics call Dell is expected to expand its line of line of consumer electronics this week, possibly taking the wraps off of a challenger to Apple Computer #39;s iPod Mini music player.
SCO plans own Web site as alternative to Groklaw OCTOBER 13, 2004 (IDG NEWS SERVICE) - After a year and a half of being flamed, dissected and dismissed on the Groklaw.net Web site, The SCO Group Inc.
iSuppli: WiMAX base station and CPE to grow at 31.3 CAGR by 2009 iSuppli predicts revenue from WiMax base-station and customer-premise equipment (CPE) sales worldwide will achieve annual growth rates of only 14-25 from 2004 through 2007.
Park shoots first-round 62 Grace Park capped an almost flawless round by rolling in a 25-foot birdie putt for a 10-under 62 Thursday that gave her a two-stroke lead after the first round of the Samsung World Championship.
GM, Great One talked in June about possibility PHOENIX -- Phoenix managing partner Wayne Gretzky, asked if he was interested in coaching the Coyotes, put the idea on the back burner.
Connecticut civilian dies in Baghdad blast _ A Connecticut man working for a private security company was among several people killed Thursday when two bombs exploded in the tightly guarded area of Baghdad known as the Green Zone.
28 US soldiers suspected over deaths of two Afghan detainees (AFP) AFP - The US military is investigating 28 soldiers over the deaths in December 2002 of two detainees in American custody in Afghanistan, the US Army said.
Ziggy clears air ZIGGY Switkowski was in his sick bed when Telstra #39;s board announced he had agreed to step down #39; #39; but got up to clear the air.
Hopes of malaria vaccine by 2010 Scientists say they have developed an effective vaccine against malaria that could be ready for use in six years.
Sharon Says Gaza Settlers to Leave Homes JERUSALEM - Prime Minister Ariel Sharon said Thursday all 8,200 Jewish settlers will be pulled out of the Gaza Strip starting next summer, and he ordered a troop withdrawal from a refugee camp - signaling that a bloody two-week offensive in northern Gaza could be easing.    Sharon said next year's settlement evacuation would be completed within 12 weeks despite opposition from settlers and their backers...
Spitzer alleges corruption in insurance trade ALBANY, NY -- The man who made Wall Street reform its ways is now charging widespread corruption in the insurance industry. He alleged that brokers have been taking payoffs from insurance companies to steer 
US insurers sued for rigging bids NEW YORK : New York Attorney General Eliot Spitzer sued Thursday a major US insurance brokerage firm, Marsh and McLennan Co, for steering clients to insurers with whom it had lucrative payoff agreements.
Netflix sees Amazon entering DVD rentals Amazon.com plans to enter the DVD rental business in a move that will put the online retail giant in direct competition with Netflix.
Trade gap widens Oil prices, Chinese imports lift August trade deficit more than forecasts to just short of record. WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The US trade deficit widened more than expected in August to its second-highest level 
Abbey investors maul chairman but the Santander deal is passed SHAREHOLDERS in Abbey yesterday tore into the bank over its coming takeover by Spanish bank Santander, attempting to scupper the 8.
Relief Crew Is on Its Way to Space Station A replacement crew for the International Space Station blasted off aboard a Soyuz spacecraft from the Baikonur Cosmodrome in Russia early today.
Intel Scraps Plan For 4 Ghz P4 Chip bizpile writes  quot;It was reported earlier that Intel would be delaying the release of their 4Ghz Pentium 4 chips, but it now appears that they will be cancelling them altogether.
Third of world #39;s amphibians  #39;on edge of extinction #39; Almost a third of the world #39;s frogs, toads, salamanders and other amphibians are threatened with extinction within 100 years, according to a study.
With Curt limping, swagger disappears BOSTON -- Curt was the subject on everyone #39;s lips, Curse was the subject on everyone #39;s mind. Two games into their showdown with the hated Yankees, the poor, bedeviled and favored Red Sox have suffered no less 
Pakistan Cricket mania fails to grip Lahorities LAHORE: Unlike the Pakistan-India historic cricket series, there is less public interest in the two back to back matches of the tri-national cricket series between Pakistan and Sri Lanka being played at Gadaffi stadium on Thursday and Saturday.
Is Gretzky going to coach the Coyotes when NHL resumes? After a summer in which they didn #39;t seriously interview a single candidate for the vacant position, why are the Coyotes still the only NHL team without a permanent head coach in place?
Man Guilty in Death of Olympian #39;s Brother LOCK HAVEN, Pa. Oct. 14, 2004 - A former college football player was convicted of murder Thursday in the beating death of the brother of Olympic wrestler Sara McMann.
S. Abdur-Rahim The Portland Trail Blazers made some huge strides in 2003-04 to rid themselves of the remnants of the Bob Whitsitt Era. Of all the changes new general manager John Nash made last season, none was more important than making this team likable.
Pakistani Security Forces Free Chinese Hostages Pakistani commandos on Thursday freed two Chinese engineers taken hostage near the Afghan border and killed their five kidnappers, who are led by a former Guantanamo Bay prisoner, officials said.
Iraq donors vow to speed up funds for reconstruction Donor nations wrapped up a two-day meeting Thursday with pledges to speed up projects to rebuild Iraq possibly by using more Iraqis to implement 
Oil Inches Towards the 55 Dollar Milestone Crude oil futures inched toward the 55 dollar milestone today, a day after US officials announced a decline in their countrys inventory of heating oil, heating a market already on edge over tight supplies, high demand and unrest in key producers.
IPod, ITunes Drive Strong Sales At Apple Computer CUPERTINO, Calif. -- Downloading music continues to drive strong sales and revenue at Apple Computer as the Cupertino-based company announced Thursday that 150 million songs have been downloaded from its iTunes service.
Washington #39;s trade deficit hits record \$54bn level The US trade deficit, propelled by a record foreign oil bill, surged to \$54 billion (R355 billion) in August, the second-highest level in history.
Sony Ericsson posts 45 rise in profit Sony Ericsson, the Swedish-Japanese maker of cellphones, posted a 45 percent rise in net profit in the third quarter as a broadened product mix and the success of its camera phones bolstered sales.
Reforms given credit for better economic ranking Cabinet Spokesman Chen Chi-mai (  ) said yesterday that the improvement of the nation #39;s global competitiveness ranking in a recent report resulted from the government #39;s economic and financial reforms.
Insurance brokerage sued for not offering lowest prices New York #39;s attorney general sued the nation #39;s leading insurance brokerage yesterday, accusing brokers of taking payoffs to steer clients to insurance companies that were not necessarily offering the lowest prices for their policies.
China Power jumps on market debut Shares in China Power International jumped in the electricity generator #39;s Hong Kong debut Friday following a hugely popular initial public offer.
Pilots Union Agrees to Cuts at Northwest Northwest Airlines and its pilots union reached tentative agreement yesterday on a deal that would save the airline \$300 million in labor costs.
Airbus says American firms could be victims of WTO battle American companies could become  quot;collateral victims quot; of Washington #39;s decision to escalate the row between Boeing and Airbus over subsidies into a full-scale dispute, according to Nol Forgeard, president and chief executive of the European aircraft maker 
UPDATE: Australia #39;s Qantas Raises Fuel Surcharge Again SYDNEY (Dow Jones)--Citing a continuation in rising fuel prices, Australia #39;s Qantas Airways Ltd. (QAN.AU) said Friday it will increase its passenger fuel surcharge for a second time in two months.
Loss Deepens in Revision by Alitalia Alitalia, the troubled Italian airline, has restated its first-half results, almost doubling its previously reported loss, as it set aside money to lay off about 20 percent of its work force.
Special interests in tax bill Like a captivating novel, the 650-page tax act headed toward President Bush #39;s desk will make you want to laugh, cry and scream.
US ; Google launches new search tool US News, California, Mountain View: Google Inc. has rolled out a preliminary version of its new desktop search tool, making the first move against its major competitors in the race to provide tools for finding information buried in computer hard drives.
Countdown to Halo 2: Piracy is for Punks Downloading the pirated version of Halo 2 is a disservice to an honest team of creators. October 14, 2004 - Halo 2 is the Xbox game of the year.
IBM and Cisco automate enterprise security IBM and Cisco have extended their global security alliance through the integration of IBM Tivoli software with Cisco Network Admission Control technologies to help enterprises automatically comply with security policies, then quarantine and remediate at 
WiMAX just hype for now?  quot;These applications will not be large enough to sustain the multitude of silicon suppliers and equipment manufacturers who have expressed interest in developing products for WiMAX.
Sun Delivers Solaris Flavor of JDS 2 Sun Microsystems has quietly delivered on its promise of a Solaris flavor of JDS (Java Desktop System), its alternative to Microsoft Windows.
GOOSEN CRUSHES MAGGERT No matter what happens from now on, Retief Goosen has earned a place in the record books of the HSBC World Match Play championship.
Cardinals take 2-0 NLCS lead ST. LOUIS - Rain or shine, the St. Louis Cardinals #39; big bats always seem to come through in the end. Albert Pujols led off the eighth inning with a tiebreaking home run, Scott Rolen followed with his second 
Wizards Late Magic Stops Bobcats CHARLOTTE, NC, Oct. 14 (Ticker) -- The Charlotte Bobcats fell short in a wild franchise debut at home. Antawn Jamison hit a turnaround jumper in the lane with 6.8 seconds remaining to lift the Washington Wizards 
Georgia will be away from doghouse for 4 games after homecoming Saturday #39;s homecoming game against Vanderbilt will be the final Southeastern Conference home game for Georgia this season. The No.
Timberwolves 99, Hawks 96 Kevin Garnett scored 26 points to lead the Minnesota Timberwolves to a 99-96 victory over the Atlanta Hawks in an exhibition game Thursday night.
Knicks See a Little Spark in Opener Jamal Crawford got his first start in a Knicks uniform Thursday night, showing a glimpse of what, exactly, was not entirely clear.
Against the Irish, Navy Faces 40 Years of Futility Once upon a time, before the Internet, the Bowl Championship Series and the zone blitz, Navy #39;s football team routinely beat Notre Dame.
Blasts Inside Green Zone Kill at Least 5 Bombs exploded within moments of each other at a handicraft market and a popular cafe inside Baghdad #39;s fortified Green Zone on Thursday, killing at least five people, including three American civilians.
Two South Africans killed in Canadian plane crash At least two of the crew members of a cargo plane that crashed in Canada were South Africans, Ronnie Mamoepa, foreign affairs department spokesperson, confirmed today.
Cambodians Are Ready to Crown His Majesty the Ballet Dancer Prince Norodom Sihamoni, 51, a dancer and choreographer, is to be crowned king this month, carrying out the wishes of his father in the first change in the monarchy most Cambodians have known.
Sharon Accepts Plan to Reduce Gaza Army Operation, Haaretz Says Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon accepted an army plan to reduce the number of soldiers mounting an operation in the Gaza Strip aimed at stopping Palestinian rocket attacks, the Israeli daily newspaper Haaretz said.
Zimbabwe security put on alert Zimbabwe #39;s security went on high alert Friday ahead of a verdict in the treason trial of popular opposition leader Morgan Tsavangirai.
Brazil seeks more Haiti UN troops Brazil has called for more UN troops to be sent to Haiti to curb a wave of unrest in which more than 40 people have been killed in a fortnight.
Vote counting starts in Afghan election Vote counting started yesterday in Afghanistan #39;s landmark election, widely expected to install Hamid Karzai, the US-backed interim leader, as the country #39;s first popularly chosen president.
Reports: Sharon Approves North Gaza Pullback  GAZA (Reuters) - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon gave  the go-ahead on Thursday for troops to withdraw from parts of  northern Gaza, media reports said, shortly after they killed  the 100th Palestinian in the largest Gaza offensive in four  years.
Suspected N.Koreans Enter S.Korean China Mission  BEIJING (Reuters) - Twenty men, women and children claiming  to be North Koreans broke into the South Korean consulate in  Beijing Friday seeking asylum, a diplomatic source said.
Brazil seeks more Haiti UN troops Brazil calls for more UN troops to be sent to Haiti to curb a wave of violence in which dozens have died.
Jackson abuse charges still stand Michael Jackson's defence teams fails in an attempt to have child abuse charges thrown out of court.
Gbagbo calls on rebels to disarm Ivory Coast's president urges former rebels to start disarming on Friday, but they refuse to do so.
Law and Miller at Alfie premiere Actors Jude Law and Sienna Miller attend world premiere of the movie remake of Alfie in London's Leicester Square.
Suicide Bombs Kill 10 in Baghdad's Green Zone (Reuters) Reuters - Two suicide bombers killed 10\civilians, including four U.S. nationals, on Thursday in one of\the bloodiest attacks inside Baghdad's fortified Green Zone, an\attack claimed by America's top enemy in Iraq.
Nicaraguan President Faces Removal by Congress (Reuters) Reuters - Nicaragua's unpopular\president faces possible removal from office after a special\Congressional committee was created on Thursday to explore\corruption charges against him.
Bosnian Serb Panel Publishes Final Report (AP) AP - Bosnian Serb forces killed more than 7,000 Muslim men and boys at Srebrenica, a Bosnian Serb commission conceded Thursday in its final report on the 1995 massacre.
SEC Chief: Vote Near on Market Crackdown (Reuters) Reuters - The U.S. Securities and Exchange\Commission will vote soon on new governance and disclosure\rules for the groups that oversee America's stock markets, SEC\Chairman William Donaldson said on Thursday.
Asian Stocks Jittery on Record Oil (Reuters) Reuters - Asian shares stuck to narrow ranges\Friday as record oil prices supported energy stocks and miners\rebounded on steadier metals markets, countering worries about\technology earnings and falls in Japanese automakers.
97 Abandoned Migrants Found in Mexico (AP) AP - Police found 97 undocumented migrants crammed into an abandoned freight trailer on the side of a highway in the southern state of Chiapas Thursday, after the migrants hacked a breathing hole in the side of the trailer with a pick when the driver fled.
SEC Chief: Vote Near on Market Crackdown  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Securities and Exchange  Commission will vote soon on new governance and disclosure  rules for the groups that oversee America's stock markets, SEC  Chairman William Donaldson said on Thursday.
Broker Accused of Rigging Bids for Insurance The New York state attorney general accused the world's largest insurance broker of cheating customers by rigging prices in exchange for kickbacks.
Malaria Vaccine Proves Effective For the first time, researchers say, a vaccine against malaria has shown that it can save children from infection or death.
F.C.C. Clears Internet Access by Power Lines The F.C.C. adopted rules that will enable utility companies to offer an alternative to broadband services now provided by cable and phone companies.
Ford Brings Back Steve McQueen The Ford Motor Company is making a push to convince Americans that a new crop of cars are worth buying on their own merits, not because of rebates or financing.
Homers by Pujols, Rolen Power Cards to Victory  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Albert Pujols and Scott Rolen hit  back-to-back home runs in the eighth inning to lead the St  Louis Cardinals to a 6-4 win over the Houston Astros in Game  Two of the NL Championship Series at Busch Stadium on Thursday.
Cardinals Rain Power on Astros Once Again Albert Pujols and Scott Rolen hit back-to-back homers in the eighth inning, giving St. Louis a 6-4 victory over Houston in Game 2 of the N.L.C.S.
Prince Sihamoni named new king of Cambodia Cambodia #39;s Throne Council choseThursday Prince Norodom Sihamoni a new king of Cambodia, a week after his father Norodom Sihanouk abdicated.
Geiberger has share of clubhouse lead at Greensboro Brent Geiberger took advantage of ideal morning conditions to earn a share of the clubhouse lead with a 6-under-par 66 during the first 
( 3) Miami 41 (18) Louisville 38 MIAMI Frank Gore scored the winning touchdown on a one-yard run with 49 seconds left as third-ranked Miami rallied to beat number-18 Louisville 41-to-38 at the Orange Bowl.
R. Clark May Start Ryan Clark may start in place of injured safety Matt Bowen when the Redskins play the Bears on Sunday.
Open Season College basketball teams around the nation, and several local schools will get the madness started Friday.
Daniels Finds a Niche Since starting in the Gator Bowl as a redshirt freshman, senior safety Mike Daniels has made valuable contributions under the radar while waiting for his chance to play more.
Goosen Dominates U.S. Open champion Retief Goosen was the only winner on a rainy opening day of the World Match Play Championship, beating Jeff Maggert by a record 12 and 11.
Lombardo Overcomes Maryland's Lou Lombardo has steadily climbed the depth chart to become a starting offensive lineman while conquering a sizeable obstacle off the field: dyslexia.
IBM readies new top-end Unix servers Big Blue plans is expected to announce the servers Friday, stirring up major new challenges for Sun and HP. \
Broker Accused of Rigging Bids for Insurance Eliot Spitzer, the New York state attorney general, yesterday accused the world #39;s largest insurance broker of cheating customers by rigging prices and steering business to insurers in exchange for millions of dollars in kickbacks.
Hutchison Telecom Shares Fall in Hong Kong Debut (Update3) Hutchison Telecommunications International Ltd., controlled by Hong Kong billionaire Li Ka- shing, fell on its share-trading debut today on concern it won #39;t pay a dividend because expansion costs will reduce profits.
Huttner departs from Virgin Air New Zealand will increase services to Western Australia, operating daily direct services between Auckland and Perth during the Australian summer.
Samsung Electronics posts weaker-than-expected Q3 net profits SEOUL : South Korea #39;s Samsung Electronics Friday posted weaker-than-expected results for the third quarter as low product prices, coupled with higher promotion costs, undermined its bottom line.
Google Launches Ultimate Search Tool Google, the world #39;s most popular search engine announced the launch of a beta desktop search utility application that goes beyond basic web search.
NetSuite Debuts 10.0 NetSuite has released version 10.0 of its hosted business software, which incorporates new e-commerce, analytics and sales features.
Red Sox Are Yet Again Barking Up Wrong Tree FOR this, the Boston Red Sox spent all that time, energy and money last winter? They built the team for this series? This is the best they could do?
Goosen wins in Match Play; matches suspended by darkness CBC SPORTS ONLINE - US Open champion Retief Goosen was the only winner on a rainy opening day of the World Match Play Championship on Thursday, beating Jeff Maggert by a record 12 and 11.
Jackson #39;s LA Lakers book blames Bryant In his new book, former Los Angeles Lakers coach Phil Jackson blames many of the team #39;s problems on Kobe Bryant. In  quot;The Last Season: A Team in Search of Its Soul, quot; set to be 
United fans fight takeover bid Manchester United fans are hoping people power can help beat off an Old Trafford takeover bid from American billionaire Malcolm Glazer.
Mears on pole at Charlotte Motorsport.com. CHARLOTTE, NC - Casey Mears knocked Robby Gordon off the pole late in Busch Series time-trials to grab his second pole of the season, and second of this career.
US, Iraqis launch attacks in Falluja American troops and Iraqi special forces launched a major operation in Falluja late Thursday aimed at disrupting future attacks by insurgents who control the volatile city, the US military said.
Ex-soldier, warlord becomes Somali leader A former soldier, rebel and warlord was sworn in Thursday as the new president of Somalia in the latest attempt to unite the nation under a central government for the first time since 1991.
Russia to join Nato in Mediterranean patrols POIANA BRASOV, Oct. 14. - Russia has agreed to send warships to help Natos naval patrols monitoring suspicious vessels in the Mediterranean , as part of a drive for closer counter-terrorism cooperation between Moscow and the western alliance.
Makers battle for next generation The next generation of passenger jets from the world #39;s biggest airplane manufacturers will soon be coming off the production line.
Virgin Galactic #39;s Space Odyssey When the first space vacations are available, Richard Branson will be there selling them. On Sept. 27, Branson #39;s Virgin announced a partnership with Paul Allen #39;s Mojave Aerospace Ventures and SpaceShipOne 
Gay-Owned Media Firm PlanetOut Goes Public (AP) AP - There was no big stir on Wall Street, but a San Francisco-based Internet company marked a cultural milestone Thursday by becoming the first gay-directed business to trade its stock on a major exchange.
Homers by Pujols, Rolen Power Cards to Victory Albert Pujols and Scott Rolen hit back-to-back home runs in the eighth inning to lead the St Louis Cardinals to a 6-4 win over the Houston Astros in Game Two of the NL Championship Series at Busch Stadium on Thursday.
NCAA Game Summary - Louisville at Miami-Florida Miami, FL (Sports Network) - Frank Gore scored from one yard out in the final minute to lift the third-ranked Miami Hurricanes to a 41-38 victory over No.
Sun posts narrower quarterly loss Sun Microsystems today posted a narrower quarterly loss as revenue rose year over year for the second consecutive quarter after three years of declines.
Search Engine Forums Spotlight Links to this week's topics from search engine forums across the web: Filthy Linking Rich - Google Releases Desktop Search - Exit Page Statistics Query - 'Industrial Strength White Hat' Cloaking Questions - Content for Adwords - RSS Feeds as a Search Engine Marketing Tool
Nokia Profit Off in Quarter; Handset Price Cuts Cited Nokia said on Thursday that its third-quarter profit was higher than many analysts had forecast, but still a fifth lower than a year ago.
Voter Registrations in Las Vegas Possibly Trashed Ex-employees of company called Voters Outreach of America AKA America Votes claim that voter registrations in Las Vegas have been trashed.     The article recommends that people make sure they're registered to vote. If you're a victim of the fraudulent voter registration that is rife in the prelude to this election you should insist on your right to make a provisional (or affidavit) vote at the polls as guaranteed by the Help America Vote Act of 2002.    Voters Outreach of America has reportedly moved on to Oregon presumably to do the same thing.
Peru to Again Seek Fujimori Extradition from Japan (Reuters) Reuters - Peru will submit a second request to\Japan to extradite former President Alberto Fujimori to face\charges of corruption, the Peruvian Embassy said Friday.
Consumer goods giants sweep Indian hinterland (Reuters) Reuters - She's not quite the Avon Lady, but Sujathamma Jella represents the new face of direct selling in India, trudging down muddy roads every day with a bag filled with soap, shampoo and skin-lightening cream.
Pricey oil pushes US trade deficit to near-record levels The trade deficit increased to the second-highest level in history as surging demand for foreign oil swamped a small gain in US exports, the government reported yesterday.
Starbucks envisions more stores Think there are too many Starbucks in the world? The coffee retailer apparently doesn #39;t think there are enough. Starbucks yesterday expanded its estimate of outlets that it eventually plans to open worldwide to 30,000, up from 25,000.
Sales tax now a write off  on federal taxes Got a shoebox full of receipts from purchases you made this year? Hold onto them and make sure to have them handy come tax time. Congress this week temporarily reinstated a law that gives Texans - as well 
Google tops Microsoft with new PC search tool Computer users have long complained that using Microsoft Windows to find files on a desktop hard drive is considerably tougher than using Google to find information in the vast reaches of the Internet.
 #39;Halo 2 #39; illegally posted online for download Microsoft Corp. said Thursday that a version of  quot;Halo 2, quot; the forthcoming follow-up to the best-selling video game for the company #39;s Xbox console, had been leaked and illegally posted for download on the Internet.
New at Starbucks: Burn a music CD Starbucks Corp. announced Thursday that it will add computer kiosks in stores in Austin, Texas, and in Seattle where customers can burn music CDs for about \$10 while waiting for their Frappuccino.
Lakers soap opera endures The Zen master says he engaged in a  quot;psychological war quot; with Kobe Bryant last season, the details of which are to be released in book form next month.
Miami Battles Back to Edge Louisville The No. 18 Louisville Cardinals flummoxed the No. 3 team in the nation Thursday night. They forcibly seized the notice of the college football world.
UPDATE 1-Nalbandian holds off Koubek to advance in Vienna Top seed David Nalbandian held off a spirited late challenge by Stefan Koubek to reach the quarter-finals of the Vienna Trophy on Thursday.
Fatal plane crash in Halifax was fourth for airline in 14 years LONDON (CP) - The crash of a Boeing 747 cargo plane in Halifax on Thursday that killed seven people was the fourth crash in 14 years for MK Airlines.
Sihanouk #39;s son named king Southeast Asia #39;s wiliest political survivor yesterday completed his own intricately scripted exit from the stage. King Norodom Sihanouk, who first took Cambodia #39;s throne when 
Vote counting under way in Afghan election, Karzai expected to win KABUL, Afghanistan - The vote tally under way on Friday in Afghanistans landmark election was widely expected to yield an election victory for US -backed interim leader Hamid Karzai, which would install him as the war-ravaged countrys first 
Tsvangirai to know his fate today The verdict in Zimbabwe #39;s treason trial of Morgan Tsvangirai is expected today. Tsvangirai, the leader of the opposition Movement for Democratic Change (MDC), faces a possible death penalty if found guilty.
Strong earthquake shakes Taiwan #39;s capital TAIPEI, Taiwan - A strong earthquake rocked Taiwan #39;s capital during the lunch rush on Friday, shaking tall buildings for about a minute.
Oil prices hit fresh record Oil prices soared to another record high of almost 55 US dollars a barrel on Thursday as Washington reported another fall in heating fuel stocks before winter.
DVD rental firm sees profit shrinking in 2005 SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW) -- Shares of Netflix tumbled 37 percent following the company #39;s revelation that it plans to cut prices and sacrifice profit in order to stay competitive.
FCC switches on broadband delivery Watch out, cable. Reddy Kilowatt can now invade your turf as the FCC on Thursday approved regulations that allow power companies to provide broadband services.
JUDGE LETS HOLLINGER REFILE AGAINST BLACK Hollinger International #39;s legal fight against its disgraced former CEO Conrad Black is far from over. Less than a week after a judge dismissed racketeering claims brought 
NO BUYBACK PLEDGED, CLAIMS ENRON EXEC October 15, 2004 -- Ex-Enron Corp. chief financial officer Andrew Fastow never promised Merrill Lynch a risk-free purchase of three energy-generating barges in a 1999 call about a sale prosecutors claim was a sham, a witness said.
Plus: CNet, Netflix report; Apple #39;s downloads hit 150 mln SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW) -- In its bid to displace Microsoft in controlling the desktop, Google on Thursday unveiled its long-awaited desktop search toolbar.
Commentary: Microsoft can #39;t plug holes fast enough Tuesday, in the computing community, is now known as patch Tuesday. That #39;s because Microsoft has taken to releasing operating system and browser fixes on Tuesdays.
Cards Outlast Astros to Win Opener The good people of the Midwest hope you have been enjoying following the Big Dance, that high-stakes, hotly anticipated tournament taking place back east.
Pettersson feeling at home on Greensboro course Carl Pettersson will spend several hours the next three days driving to and from work. And he couldn #39;t be happier about it. Pettersson, a former NC State standout 
UCF signs Speraw to 3-year deal and seven months after his leading UCF to its third NCAA Tournament -- men #39;s basketball Coach Kirk Speraw signed an incentive-laden contract 
LA Times: Oracle's Ellison Mulls NFL Team Purchase (Reuters) Reuters - Oracle Corp. Chief Executive\Larry Ellison, one of the world's richest people, is looking at\possibly owning a National Football League franchise, the Los\Angeles Times reported on Thursday.
Astros Bullpen Blows It Late - Again (AP) AP - Brad Lidge spent much of the seventh and eighth innings warming up in the bullpen, ready to take his place on the mound.
US Warplanes Pound Iraq #39;s Falluja US warplanes launched sustained and fierce attacks on the rebel-held Iraqi town of Falluja on Thursday, witnesses said. They said explosions could be heard in the attacks, a day after 
Israeli officer suspended over Gaza girl #39;s killing The Israeli Army has suspended an officer accused of riddling the body of a Palestinian school girl with bullets after fellow soldiers killed her.
Garcia Shares Lead in Mallorca Classic (AP) AP - Sergio Garcia shot a 4-under 66 Thursday and shared the lead with Carlos Rodiles in the rain-delayed first round of the Mallorca Classic.
Homers by Pujols, Rolen Power Cardinals  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Albert Pujols and Scott Rolen hit  back-to-back home runs in the eighth inning to lead the St.  Louis Cardinals to a 6-4 win over the Houston Astros in Game  Two of the NL Championship Series at Busch Stadium Thursday.
No. 3 Miami Beats Louisville with Late Touchdown  MIAMI (Sports Network) - Frank Gore scored from one yard  out in the final minute to lift the third-ranked Miami  Hurricanes to a 41-38 victory over No. 18 Louisville in a  non-conference thriller at the Orange Bowl.
U.N. health body warns against "kitchen killer" (Reuters) Reuters - Some 1.6 million people, mainly small children, die each year from a "kitchen killer" -- disease brought on by inhaling smoke from cooking stoves and indoor fires, the World Health Organisation said on Friday.
Huge insurance scam Marsh  amp; McLennan, the world #39;s largest insurance broker, was the mastermind of an \$800 million a year fraud - rigging prices and taking kickbacks from big insurance companies, state Attorney General Eliot Spitzer charged yesterday.
Google offering new tool Google Inc., the world #39;s most-used Internet search engine, yesterday introduced software that lets users search for files from their own computers as well as the Web, entering a new area of competition with Microsoft Corp.
Yukos plummets on low sale report Yukos shares have plummeted nearly 10 percent in early trade Friday on Moscow #39;s ruble-denominated MICEX exchange. That came after an unconfirmed report that the embattled oil giant #39;s 
Airline Can Use Lenders #39; Cash, Judge Says A US bankruptcy court judge approved an agreement yesterday that extends US Airways Group Inc. #39;s ability to draw on cash from its lenders to fund operations through mid-January.
Intel scraps faster version of Pentium 4 The world #39;s largest chip maker will shift research spending to a 3.8 GHz Pentium chip that will have twice the memory of the current version.
China Power Shares Rise in Hong Kong Trading Debut (Update5) Shares of China Power International Development Ltd., a unit of the nation #39;s fifth-biggest electricity utility, rose on their first trading day in Hong Kong as investors said the stock 
Ford brings star back to life in ads To introduce its six new cars and trucks, Ford Motor Co. #39;s namesake brand is launching an aggressive and energetic marketing campaign.
Airbus CEO: 04 deliveries seen close to record - report LONDON (CBS.MW) -- Airbus, the European aircraft maker that competes with Boeing Co. (BA) , is expecting airline deliveries this year from 315-320, approaching a record, the Financial Times reported, citing Chief Executive Noel Forgeard.
More Flaws With Microsoft Again, yesterday Microsoft (Nasdaq: MSFT) warned about newly found security flaws in Windows that could allow an attacker to steal data on your PC.
Are Hackers Now Gunning for the Mac? In early October Apple released a small series of patches for Mac OS X version 10.2 and later. Most of the fixes in this group blocked possible denial-of-service problems that are, to date, theoretical.
X-Prize for world #39;s  #39;Holy Grails #39; A series of X-Prizes for the scientific or technological breakthroughs that tackle the most important challenges facing humans are being planned.
IPod Helps Lift Apple #39;s Fourth-Quarter Profit Apple Computer Inc. reported yesterday that profit in its fourth fiscal quarter jumped 140 percent from the comparable quarter last year.
IBM lines up big daddies of Unix servers IBM plans to announce two new top-end Unix servers, sources familiar with its plans said, opening major new challenges to Sun and HP.
SCO plans Web site for legal filings In the 17 months SCO Group has waged its multiple-lawsuit war over its alleged rights to Linux, Groklaw has been the festering thorn in the Utah software company #39;s side.
TSMC to tape out 40 more products at 90nm by year-end Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company (TSMC) has already produced over 80 products using 90nm processes, and the company expects to tape out 40 more products at this technology node by the end of this year, according to Genda Hu, vice president of 
Els Takes Care of Drummond at Wentworth Defending champion Ernie Els completed a 2-and-1 victory over Briton Scott Drummond when the rain-delayed World Match Play Championship first round resumed at Wentworth Friday.
Rossi takes provisional pole at Phillip Island Italian Valentino Rossi, chasing a fourth consecutive premier race world title, has grabbed provisional pole after initial qualifying in the Australian MotoGP at Phillip Island in Victoria.
Cole ban is reduced Andy Cole will be back in action for Fulham at Aston Villa next weekend after his ban was reduced by the FA. Cole was initially suspended for three matches after being sent off for his part in a brawl at West Bromwich on September 18.
Pappas one behind leader Dufner Little-known Jason Dufner birdied the difficult 17th hole en route to a one-stroke lead on Thursday in the first round of the Greater Greensboro Classic.
ATTACKS IN IRAQ: 2 bombs kill 5 in Baghdad On the eve of the Muslim holy month of Ramadan, Iraq #39;s most-feared terrorist group claimed credit for setting off two bombs in the heavily fortified 
Crowds gather for Zimbabwe treason verdict building in central Harare under the watchful eyes of dozens of riot police toting batons or rifles. More riot police set up roadblocks on some of Harare #39;s main roads, searching vehicles heading towards the city centre.
Jet crashes on takeoff in Halifax, killing seven HALIFAXNot much is left after the early morning crash of a jumbo cargo jet but a broken, burned-out metal carcass and a Harry Potter novel.
Vote counting under way in Afghan election, Karzai expected to win KABUL, Afghanistan Early results show interim Afghan president Hamid Karzai leading in that country #39;s first free presidential election.
African Union Are Somalia #39;s warlords ready to loosen their iron &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; A new dawn breaks over Somalia. The interim Somali Parliament convened a special session in Kenya and elected Colonel Abdullah Yusuf Ahmed, the self-styled leader of the autonomous region of Puntland, as the new interim Somali president.
Diplomats: Nuke equipment taken Missing nuclear-related equipment in Iraq was removed by experts working systematically over an extended period, diplomats said Thursday, contradicting Iraqi officials 
Spitzer alleges insurance broker demanded kickbacks State Attorney General Eliot Spitzer sued the world #39;s largest insurance broker and lodged criminal charges against two insurance executives, accusing the brokerage of taking improper payments to steer business to certain companies.
St. Louis in control with third baseman belting two homers St. Louis manager Tony La Russa was looking for a positive spin on the opening-round postseason struggles of Cardinals clean- up hitter Scott Rolen and quickly 
Back to work While this town still believes in its Red Sox -quot;Keep the Faith quot; read a billboard overlooking the Green Monster  -t of it has to be bracing for the same ending it has seen every year since 1918.
Cardinals power way to 2-0 lead in NLCS The Houston Astros had one chance to get out of St. Louis with a victory. That was a rainout. A washout of Game 2 last night would have allowed the Astros to skip sacrificial 
Google search program gets jump on Microsoft Internet search leader Google Inc. yesterday introduced Google Desktop Search, a free program that creates an index of the files on a user #39;s own computer.
Intel pulls plug on 4-gigahertz chip In another embarrassing about-face, No. 1 chipmaker Intel (INTC) told customers Thursday that it will not make a much-touted 4-gigahertz version of its Pentium 4 PC processor.
Ford Brings Back Steve McQueen DETROIT is exhuming another face from the past to pitch its cars to a new generation. A digitally revived Steve McQueen, who died in 1980, will be reprising the character of Lt.
Strachan favourite to replace Vogts as Scotland boss Scottish FA chief David Taylor has moved to set up the crunch meeting that will spell the end of Vogts #39; 31-month reign. Taylor said:  quot;In the cold light of day we will now consider bringing our scheduled November 4 meeting forward.
US launches attack on Bigley terrorists American forces in Iraq launched a fresh offensive today against the terrorists responsible for the murder of British hostage Ken Bigley and two US captives.
Drug Addict Drifter Who Murdered Backpacker Caroline Jailed for &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; A drug addicted drifter was today starting a life sentence after he was found guilty of murdering British backpacker Caroline Stuttle in Australia.
LiveWire: Advertisers Play with Web Films  NEW YORK (Reuters) - When the manager of a coin-operated  laundry seduces a mother and daughter and convinces them to  skip town, there's bound to be trouble, or perhaps a movie  plot.
Knicks #39; new look looking good Already there are tales of Stephon Marbury and Jamal Crawford finishing each other #39;s sentences. The energetic backcourt tandem officially began trading phone calls when 
Satellite radio looks to lure males hock jock Howard Stern #39;s move to Sirius Satellite Radio Inc. begins an association between a man who was happy to describe, in detail, Paris Hilton #39;s sex tape and the industrial giants of the auto industry.
Business digest NEW YORK - Investors sent stocks falling sharply for a second straight day Thursday as crude oil prices surged near \$55 per barrel and General Motors Corp.
Ford uses Bullitt actor to sell Mustang DEARBORN, Mich.Ford Motor Co. is resurrecting Steve McQueen in an effort to bring its slumping sales back to life. The auto maker yesterday presented new ads to go with new vehicles in the Ford brand, including 
Eminem Satellite Radio Channel Sets October Debut Controversial rapper Eminem will launch his widely expected satellite music radio channel called Shade 45 on Oct. 28 with a live broadcast of a concert from New York, the Sirius network said on Thursday.
Bombers infiltrate Green Zone; blasts kill 6 Bombers infiltrated the fortified Green Zone district that houses US and Iraqi leaders yesterday and killed at least six people, including four Americans, in simultaneous lunchtime 
Annan calls for more EU efforts in UN peacekeeping UN Secretary General Kofi Annan said in the Irish capital of Dublin on Thursday that Europe shouldoffer more help for the United Nations global peacekeeping operations.
IBM readies new top-end Unix servers com October 14, 2004, 9:00 PM PT. ZDNet #39;s survey of IT professionals in October kept upgrading hardware at number two on the businesses radar throughout the year.
PluggedIn: Mobile Operators Seek Higher Sound Quality  TOKYO (Reuters) - Ring tones on mobile phones were once  considered cool if they simply sounded musical. Then phones  starting ringing to the tune of a pop song, giving way to "ring  songs."
Musicians 'upbeat' about the net Most musicians see the internet as more of an opportunity than a threat to their livelihood, research suggests.
Eminem to launch satellite radio channel American rapper Eminem is to launch a satellite music radio channel called Shade 45 later this month. On 28 October Shade 45 will broadcast its first programme - a live concert from New York.
Davenport regains No. 1 ranking American Lindsay Davenport regained the No. 1 ranking in the world for the first time since early 2002 by defeating Dinara Safina of Russia 6-4, 6-2 in the second round of the Kremlin Cup on Thursday.
Sox to go without Schilling Boston - Given a short flight home and abbreviated night #39;s sleep, the Boston Red Sox decided not to bother. Curt Schilling will not pitch in Game 5 of the American League Championship Series because of a dislocated 
Petrova Out, Kuznetsova Advances at WTA Moscow Russians were winners in four of five matches played Wednesday at the ATP stop in Moscow, with the only upset caused by Italian Francesca Schiavone knocking out No.
Tsvangiri #39;s supporters await verdict Supporters of Zimbabwe #39;s opposition leader gathered outside court on to hear the verdict in his treason trial, which could see him sentenced to death.
Palestinian killed as Israeli army redeploys in Northern Gaza &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; One Palestinian was killed and three others were seriously injured when an Israeli helicopter fired a missile at a group of people in the Jabalya refugee camp in the northern Gaza Strip early Friday morning.
Kofi Annan #39;s Son Under Scrutiny NEW YORK - The US Justice Department criminal probe into the UN Oil-for-Food program is focusing on several individuals, among them UN Secretary-General Kofi Annan #39;s son.
BOMB HOAX GROUNDS JET A BOMB threat which forced a Virgin Atlantic flight to land at Stansted Airport yesterday was a hoax, police have confirmed. The airbus, carrying 215 passengers and 18 crew from Hong Kong to Heathrow, was forced to land at Stansted at 5.25am.
Insurers lead FTSE lower The FTSE 100 has fallen for the fifth session in a row, with insurers crowding the list of fallers after sentiment in the sector was damaged by news that New York Attorney General Eliot Spitzer was suing a US firm.
Google Debuts Desktop Search Tool Google unveiled a desktop search agent yesterday that lets users find any information stored on their computer, including visited Web pages, files and e-mail as well as instant messages.
FCC ruling speeds network creation SBC Communications Inc. and BellSouth Corp. will build fiber-optic networks for carrying video more quickly after US regulators said they won #39;t force the phone companies to share the equipment with competitors.
Rite Aid official gets 10 years for fraud harrisburg, pa.Franklin Brown, a former Rite Aid Corp. chief counsel convicted of accounting fraud, was sentenced yesterday to 10 years in prison by a judge who rejected his arguments that the term would be a death sentence because he is 76 and ill.
Rossi on verge of fourth premier world title PHILLIP ISLAND (Melbourne): Italian Valentino Rossi is within a top-two podium finish of claiming his fourth consecutive premier class world title in the Australian MotoGP championship race here on Sunday.
Warne claims world record AUSTRALIAN Shane Warne claimed the outright world Test wicket-taking record today with his 533rd scalp. Warne reached the mark during the first session on day two of the second Test against India when he had 
Newman gives himself a boost Ryan Newman, who knows he #39;ll have to be flawless over the final six races to win the Nextel Cup title, was just that Thursday night, shattering the track record at Lowe #39;s Motor Speedway 
Discipline is Key to Irish Victory on Saturday The Irish held their second day of practice on Wednesday in preparation for their game against Navy this weekend. Many think the key to the Irish winning this game will be stopping the Midshipmen on offense.
U.S.-Backed TV Asserts Independence Alhurra, a network with 150 reporters based in Springfield, is the U.S. government's largest and most expensive effort to sway foreign opinion over the airwaves since the creation of Voice of America in 1942.
U.S. Hits Debt Limit After Ceiling Raises Delayed The House passed a \$690 billion increase in the debt ceiling in a 2005 budget resolution, but it was never adopted by the Senate, leading to delayed contributions to federal employees' pension systems.
Airline Can Use Lenders' Cash, Judge Says The Arlington airline, which filed for bankruptcy protection for the second time, is seeking an across-the-board 23 percent employee pay cut for at least six months in hopes of saving about \$38 million a month.
GM Posts Anemic Third-Quarter Earnings The world's largest automaker lowered its annual earnings forecast Thursday, a few hours after announcing plans to cut about 20 percent of its European workforce by the end of 2006 in hopes of saving about \$600 million a year.
US insurers reel amid fix probe Insurance firms are left  reeling as New York attorney general Elliot Spitzer sues Marsh   McLennan, the world's largest insurance broker, for taking illegal payments.
Yukos unit may be sold for \$4bn Yukos'  future is thrown into fresh doubt amid reports that Russia is planning to sell 77 of its key oil production unit for \$4bn by the end of November.
Google Desktop Could be Better \\Today Brad  gave me a quick demo of Google  Desktop .\\Its great that Google keeps innovating (and more power to them) but to be honest\I was a bit underwhelmed.\\caption: Google Desktop Homepage.\\It should be possible to quickly put together a Lucene  Desktop which\performed the same tasks but was Open Source and based on web standards.\\There are a few steps here of course:\\ - Integrating lucene to index the filesystem only when files are changed.  This\   can be accomplished by looking at directory timestamps and only searching\   directories that have changed since the last index run. \\ - Only indexing during idle CPU time.  On windows you could build this around a\   screensaver.   ...\\
Like My New Blog Design? \\What do you think of the new design?  For those of you reading via RSS just\click on the permalink. \\Fixed layout.  Blue background.  Nice clean sidebar.  No more obsolete\links. Updated content.\\All to give the appearance that I'm a professional!\\This is part of my new effort to blog more now that I have Rojo  launched.\\Anyway.  If anything looks strange please let me know!  I'll also be making some\additional layout tweaks in the next couple of days.  In the meantime this will\do...\\
Brewers take steps to attract merger support Molson drops a plan to have an option-holders #39; vote, and Coors hires an investment bank to court stock owners. In a bid to build support for its proposed merger with Adolph Coors Co.
Starbucks launches first of  quot;music bars quot; for CD burning SEATTLE, Washington, Oct 14 (AFP) - Coffee shop giant Starbucks said Thursday it was launching the first of its  quot;music bars quot; where customers can listen to digital recordings and burn their own CDs.
NetSuite #39;s new offering joins up the dots Analysis Over the past few years, CRM implementations have come in for much criticism, especially in the elusive area of ROI. This has caused many companies to re-evaluate their technology implementations 
Editorial: Different strokes for different handhelds Mobile Computing Editor Larry Garfield looks at the different design strategies of the leading handheld companies, and muses on what it says about the way they think.
Gibernau on Rossi #39;s tail WHILE Valentino Rossi coasted into his familiar position at the head of the pack for the Australian Motorcycle grand prix today, rival Sete Gibernau warned:  quot;Don #39;t write me off.
Adopting a new model yields gains at old Fleet  Within months of acquiring FleetBoston Financial Corp. , Bank of America Corp. handed out its sales playbook to Fleet employees in the branches to teach them how to sell.
August trade gap hits \$54b WASHINGTON -- The trade deficit jumped to the second-highest level in history as surging demand for foreign oil swamped a small gain in US exports, the government reported yesterday. America's trade gap with China hit a record high as retailers stocked up on cellphones, toys, and televisions in preparation for Christmas sales.
Heating oil report jolts prices NEW YORK -- A decline in the nation's inventory of heating oil catapulted crude futures prices toward \$55 a barrel yesterday, providing the latest jolt to a market already rattled by the world's tight supply of oil, strong demand, and the possibility of output problems in several producing nations.
Fidelity Investments cuts brokerage fees THE REGION Fidelity Investments, the world's largest mutual fund manager, said it reduced the cost of online stock trades by one-third for entry-level brokerage customers, keeping pace with Charles Schwab Corp. Fidelity lowered commissions for ''bronze-level quot; clients by \$10 to \$19.95 a trade, the Boston-based company said. The bronze level accounts for two-thirds of Fidelity's customers, spokesman Adam Banker said. ...
Investor group aims to halt buyout by Art Technology  Art Technology Group's plan to acquire a Seattle software firm has come under fire from a group of investors who have launched a proxy fight to halt the deal.
&lt;cite&gt;Reg&lt;/cite&gt; road tests the BioNav #8482; in-car nav wonder Sophisticated kit - at a price
X-Prize for world's 'Holy Grails' X-Prizes for breakthroughs in science or technology that solve the world's greatest challenges are planned.
Historical directories go online Amateur historians and academics can take advantage of a wealth of archived data on the web.
EU pursues Greece over games law The European Commission takes Greece to court for failing to change a law could ban people playing computer games at home.
Treasury Official Sees US Economy Spurt The US economy will expand by 4 percent this year, sustaining the recovery begun in 2002, a senior US Treasury official said Sunday.
Google's New Tool Brings Search Home (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - Google Inc. released free software yesterday that lets people simultaneously search the Web and their personal computers for information, a move analysts described as a potential blow to rivals Microsoft Corp. and Yahoo Inc. in the race to woo more searchers.
Indian software major Wipro second-quarter net profit up 79 percent (AFP) AFP - India's third-largest software exporter, Wipro, said that second quarter net profit jumped 79 percent as sales rose 44 percent, beating both the market's and the company's expectations.
Sun Capital putting Anchor on block (TheDeal.com) TheDeal.com - The Boca Raton, Fla., venture capital firm hopes to get  #36;210 million or more for the teenage apparel retailer.
Mac Skeptic: Are Hackers Now Gunning for the Mac? (PC World) PC World - Macs still have fewer bugs than Windows PCs, but Apple moves to plug security holes before problems crop up.
Halo 2 leaked AGENTS FOR Microsoft are investigating how its forthcoming Halo 2 game was pirated and distributed on the Internet nearly a month before it hit the shops.
Privacy Eroding, Bit by Bit and Byte Cheap computers, blazing fast networks and clever engineers are finding more ways to keep tabs on where you go and what you buy, even what you'll do next.&lt;BR&gt;&lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
John Kerry Hits Midwest States (AP) AP - John Kerry's telling voters that President Bush's record on jobs and taxes have helped special interests, not their interests, as he launches the final stretch of his presidential campaign with running mate John Edwards.
Google's New Tool Brings Search Home Google Inc. released free software Thursday that lets people search the Web and their personal computers for information simultaneously.&lt;BR&gt;&lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Digene Settles Patent Dispute Over HPV Test The company's HPV DNA test is used in conjunction with the better-known Pap test to screen for cervical cancer and its precursors in women 30 years of age and older.&lt;BR&gt;&lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
FCC Approves New Broadband Hookups Supporters say the new technology, which uses electric power lines, could become a major alternative to cable modem and phone connections if FCC approval helps it attract  participation of major utility companies.
U.S. Raids Hit Iraq's Falluja at Start of Ramadan  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - U.S. warplanes bombed targets in Iraq's  rebel-held city of Falluja Friday, marking a violent start to  the holy Muslim fasting month of Ramadan.
Poland to Reduce Number of Troops in Iraq  WARSAW (Reuters) - Poland said Friday it plans to reduce  the number of its troops in Iraq from early next year and will  not remain there "an hour longer than is sensible."
X-Prize for world's 'Holy Grails' \A series of X-Prizes for breakthroughs in science or technology that solve the world's greatest challenges are planned.
Salmond in fishing policy demand Alex Salmond is to deliver a petition calling on the UK to withdraw from the Common Fisheries Policy.
Antibiotic hope for Parkinson's \An antibiotic used to treat leprosy and tuberculosis is showing promise as a therapy for Parkinson's disease.
Hopes of malaria vaccine by 2010 Scientists say they have developed an effective vaccine against malaria that could be ready in six years.
Dancer's retrial begins in Vegas An Irish woman convicted of murdering her millionaire boyfriend returns to court in Las Vegas.
Warne breaks Test wickets record Tributes flow in for Australian Shane Warne after he becomes Test cricket's most prolific wicket-taker.
US probes flu jab 'price scams' The US health secretary asks local officials to investigate reports of companies raising prices to exploit a flu vaccine shortage.
Refugees storm Beijing consulate A group of 20 people, thought to be North Koreans, force their way into the South Korean consulate in Beijing.
UN mulls Syria-Lebanon resolution France and the US draw up a UN resolution aimed at getting Syria to withdraw its troops from Lebanon.
Select few 'can identify liars' Scientists believe a select group of people can spot when someone is lying.
John Lennon killer 'wanted fame' John Lennon's killer Mark Chapman talks about his reasons for shooting the former Beatle in 1980.
Brazil Making Progress on Software Export Drive  SAO PAULO, Brazil (Reuters) - Brazil's drive to increase  computer software exports is beginning to show results and the  government expects the sector to sell about \$400 million abroad  this year, four times what it exported in 2001.
Toll put at 7,000 in 1995 massacre Bosnia-Herzegovina BANJA LUKA -- Bosnian Serb forces killed more than 7,000 Muslim men and boys at Srebrenica, a Bosnian Serb commission conceded yesterday in its final report on the 1995 massacre. Bosnian Muslim officials claim that up to 8,000 men and boys were killed at Srebrenica in July 1995, when Serb troops overran the UN-declared safe zone in Europe's worst ...
Israel drops threat to limit Muslims at shrine JERUSALEM -- Israel will not limit the number of Muslim worshipers at a hotly disputed Jerusalem site during the holy month of Ramadan, Prime Minister Ariel Sharon decided yesterday, backing away from a threat to restrict access.
Pakistani forces attack kidnappers  CHAGMALAI, Pakistan -- Pakistani special forces attacked kidnappers holding two Chinese engineers near the Afghan border yesterday, killing all five of the Al Qaeda-linked militants, who were followers of a former Guantanamo Bay prisoner. One of the hostages was killed in the raid, while the other survived.
Cambodia names a new king  PHNOM PENH, Cambodia -- Prince Norodom Sihamoni was named Cambodia's new king yesterday, succeeding his father, Norodom Sihanouk, who stunned the country last week by announcing his abdication because of ill health.
Protesters decry Gaza withdrawal  JERUSALEM -- Thousands of Israelis demonstrated across the country yesterday against Prime Minister Ariel Sharon's plan to withdraw from the Gaza Strip and a small part of the West Bank, hours after Sharon declared the pullout would begin in June.
Saudi professes his innocence  RIYADH, Saudi Arabia -- A Saudi-American released after being held by the US military for three years in solitary confinement without charge said in an interview broadcast yesterday that he cooperated with his jailers, calling himself ''an innocent man. quot;
Brazilians Battle Indians: 'This Land Is Our Land' White settlers are using the judicial system to try to evict Indians from parts of a reservation in the Amazon.
Nobels Bring Prestige to Calif. Colleges GOLETA, Calif. - The University of California system is amassing Nobel Prizes at campuses once noted more for beer bashes and odd mascots than academic excellence...
Vote Counting Begins in Afghan Election KABUL, Afghanistan - Interim leader Hamid Karzai took an early lead as vote counting began in Afghanistan's landmark presidential election, after allegations of ballot-box stuffing, voter intimidation and multiple voting forced five days of delay.    The tally was halted Friday so the 1,000 Afghans on the counting staff could have the day off to celebrate the start of Ramadan, the Islamic fasting month...
Federal Deficit Surges to Record \$413B WASHINGTON - Democrats are blaming President Bush for the record 2004 federal deficit of \$413 billion, but Republicans say the figure shows that the economic and budget pictures are brightening.    The Treasury Department announced the figure Thursday, two weeks after the government's 2004 budget year ended and just 19 days from an Election Day in which Bush's economic and fiscal performance are pivotal issues...
Crowds Gather for Zimbabwe Opposition Chief Verdict (Reuters) Reuters - Scores of supporters of Zimbabwe's\opposition leader gathered outside the high court on Friday to\hear the verdict in his treason trial, which could see him\sentenced to death.
Opel workers stage work stoppages in protest against job cuts (AFP) AFP - Production was halted at the Bochum factory of troubled German car maker Opel as workers laid down tools for the second day in a row in protest against plans by the group's US parent, General Motors, to axe thousands of jobs and possibly even close a plant after 2006.
Mac Skeptic: Are Hackers Now Gunning for the Mac? Macs still have fewer bugs than Windows PCs, but Apple moves to plug security holes before problems crop up.
NBA Considering Taking Games to China (Reuters) Reuters - The NBA is considering playing some of\its regular season games in China, commissioner David Stern\said Friday.
NBA Considering Taking Games to China  BEIJING (Reuters) - The NBA is considering playing some of  its regular season games in China, commissioner David Stern  said Friday.
Els Takes Care of Drummond at Wentworth  VIRGINIA WATER, England (Reuters) - Defending champion  Ernie Els completed a 2-and-1 victory over Briton Scott  Drummond when the rain-delayed World Match Play Championship  first round resumed at Wentworth Friday.
Level best The last two coaches Patriots owner Bob Kraft hired -- Pete Carroll and Bill Belichick -- are arguably the most successful football coaches in America right now.
Johnny on the spot It has never just been about the hair. Certainly Johnny Damon's long, flowing locks with auburn highlights, which have left women suffering from Clairol envy, have come to symbolize the carefree ways of the Red Sox. Yet the self-professed leader of this  quot;bunch of idiots quot; would not have enjoyed the same impact in the clubhouse had he not also submitted ...
Moose mania GREENVILLE, Maine -- Winter is not far away beyond the peaks of these northern hills, and at an outdoor community gathering here Monday, where PTO volunteers grill the hot dogs and kids press their hands around steaming cups of cocoa, that inevitability comes in the form of 20-knot gusts off Moosehead Lake.
No Game 5 start for Schilling That could be all, folks. Barring a last-minute breakthrough, Curt Schilling may have thrown his last pitch in trying to help the Red Sox end their 86-year championship famine.
Williams's time to shine Bernie Williams isn't sure just what comes over him every year when the leaves change and the air turns crisp, or why he tends to pop out of a box score whenever the Yankees are playing prime-time ballgames for rings.
Hernandez will put up dukes Orlando Hernandez , who hasn't pitched in more than two weeks, will start Game 4 tomorrow night for the Yankees against Tim Wakefield .  quot;Experience, quot; said manager Joe Torre , who bypassed Javier Vazquez to go with El Duque, who has pitched in four World Series and has a 4-1 record in League Championship Series.
Arroyo plans an inside job Take notice Derek Jeter, Alex Rodriguez, and Gary Sheffield: If you crowd the plate, you are going to hear a symphony of chin music. Or worse, you could get hit with a 90-mile-per-hour fastball in tonight's Game 3 of the American League Championship Series at Fenway Park.
Brown feels fortunate to have a hand in series Thirty-two pitches. That's a couple innings for most pitchers -- or two lengthy Johnny Damon at-bats. It amounted to Kevin Brown's entire body of work against the Red Sox Sept. 26. It was not a pretty sight.
Rainy-day plan for Fenway ticket-holders With forecasters predicting heavy rain, the Red Sox said tonight's game would be made up Monday if it can't be played tonight. Tickets for tonight's game, marked either  quot;Home Game #1 quot; or  quot;Friday, October 15 quot; would be good for Monday's game, which likely would be scheduled to start at 5:10 p.m.
Cardinals go back-to-back The Houston Astros return home for Game 3 of the National League Championship Series tomorrow with ace pitchers Roger Clemens and Roy Oswalt ready to go against the St. Louis Cardinals.
Looking to change it up The handwritten message on a chalkboard in the Red Sox clubhouse yesterday said it all:  quot;We can change history. Believe it. quot;
Dillon still hobbled by sore foot Corey Dillon didn't practice for the second straight day because of a sore right foot. His status is questionable for Sunday's game against the Seattle Seahawks. How questionable?
But seriously folks Being at home isn't what you think in the NFL. Heading into the weekend, 10 teams remain undefeated at home, but we're only talking two or three games. Let the season play out, but don't be surprised if that figure is less than what it was a year ago (four unbeatens at home).
The NFL is in a league of its own You need to be involved in a fantasy football league? Why? The real stuff provides enough drama without making things up.
Another step along the way The unofficial exhibition season disclaimer for defending champions and lottery teams alike reads as follows:
Hurricanes whip up a win The Louisville Cardinals drew a flag for excessive celebration in the second quarter, and another in the third. Against Miami, the displays of jubilation were premature.
Bentley comes home just ahead of NE-10 crowd The Northeast-10 Conference race is entering the final third of the season, and the four teams atop the standings are separated by just a half-game.
Key college games on TV NOTRE DAME (4-2) vs. NAVY (5-0) &gt; When, where: Tomorrow, noon, at East Rutherford, N.J. TV, radio: Channels 4, 12; WJDA (1300). AP rankings: Neither team is ranked. Last season: Notre Dame won, 27-24. Comments: Notre Dame and Navy play for the 78th consecutive year, making it the longest continuous intersectional rivalry in the country. The Irish hold a 67-9-1 ...
Rain puts crimp on match play US Open champion Retief Goosen was the only winner on a rainy opening day of the World Match Play Championship at Virginia Water, England, yesterday, beating Jeff Maggert over 36 holes by a record 12 and 11.
Spotlight shines on quarterbacks They couldn't be more different. One is the prototype quarterback, seemingly built using the create-a-player function from a video game, standing tall in the pocket and firing laser beams across the field.
Today's schedule Pro baseball: AL Championship Series -- New York Yankees vs. Red Sox (Game 3) at Fenway Park, 8 p.m.
Split seasons a matter of making accommodation In a perfect racing world, Suffolk Downs management would like to see the return of a thoroughbred circuit between the East Boston oval and Rockingham Park in Salem, N.H., only on a smaller scale. However, current realities would appear to make that impossible.
Mild Seven Renault F1 Team Preview, Brazilian Grand Prix The official Mild Seven Renault F1 Team preview of the Brazilian GP, round 18 of the 2004 F1 season.
Bob Bell analyses a 'challenging but successful' season Ahead of the final race of the season, the Renault F1 Team Technical Director sat down to give his verdict on 2004 and the team's performance.
News: U.S. Air Traffic Control Found Vulnerable  In the wake of last month's air traffic communications failure, investigators report that computer security issues haunt the FAA's most critical systems.\
Faulty Sensors May Explain Capsule Crash The crash of a capsule last month was likely to have been caused by a design flaw that led to the sensors that were to deploy the capsule's parachutes being pointed in the wrong direction, a NASA investigatory panel reported.
Washington Considers Purchasing Flu Vaccine The government is considering making commitments to buy a certain number of flu shots each year to help bolster supplies and avoid severe shortages like the current one.
Ex-British Ambassador Plans Legal Action (AP) AP - A British ambassador removed from his post after he criticized Uzbekistan's human rights record said Friday he planned to take legal action against the government over damage to his health.
Bioshield Effort Is Inadequate, a Study Says Experts say the Bioshield program will not be adequate to create new vaccines and drugs to protect the nation against either a biological attack or a natural epidemic.
Thais look to sky for hope THE Thai military turned to the power of origami yesterday in its attempt to bring peace to the countrys restive south. Air force planes dropped 100 million paper birds over the area, where fighting between 
Australian court convicts drug addict of murdering Stuttle (AFP) AFP - A drug addicted-drifter was found guilty by a Supreme Court jury of murdering a teenage English backpacker by throwing her from a bridge after robbing her of her handbag.
Egypt frees alleged spy in Israel deal Egypt yesterday freed an Israeli Arab businessman, convicted of spying, in exchange for Israel #39;s release of six Egyptian students.
A Tribute to Spam, the Meat A trip to Spamtown USA to check out a museum celebrating the canned pork product reminds us how Spam made an impact on world cuisine long before its name became synonymous with unwanted e-mail. Michelle Delio reports from Austin, Minnesota.
Expo Tries to Whet Geek Appetites New laptops, games and even Google applications share the spotlight at DigitalLife2004, a show designed to tempt consumers to pry open their wallets. Michael Myser reports from New York.
It's Time for Reality Porn Gina Lynn wonders why cosmetic surgery has become so commonplace and suggests that it's time for a change.
Broadband: More Power to You Federal regulators adopt rules aimed at enticing utilities to offer internet service over power lines. But experts say it'll be several years before many people will get broadband from their electrical outlets. Michael Grebb reports from Washington.
Our Kids Are in Big Trouble Government is using technology to burden their future -- and it's all our fault. By Lawrence Lessig from Wired magazine.
E-Vote Snafu in Florida A server crashes, disrupting the pre-election test of electronic voting machines in West Palm Beach. Critics say this underscores the unreliability of e-voting, while election officials say all glitches will be fixed.
German Stocks Decline; Munich Re, Allianz Pace Drop by Insurers New York Attorney General Eliot Spitzer yesterday sued Marsh  amp; McLennan Cos., alleging the world #39;s largest insurance broker took payoffs to steer clients to some insurers.
Be open to reform, business groups told Too many business interests are clinging to a failed status quo and resisting necessary governance reforms, the government #39;s top securities regulator said yesterday.
iTunes sales reach 150 million Apple has sold over 150 million songs through its iTunes Music Store, the company announced last night. iTunes users are now downloading more than 4 million songs per week, a rate of over 200 million songs per year.
New bug in open source database MySQL Users of the open-source MySQL database could be at risk from remote attacks from a bug in phpMyAdmin, the web-based MySQL administration tool.
Manchester United Shares Drop Amid Report That Talks Have Ended Shares of Manchester United Plc, the world #39;s most profitable sports franchise, dropped as much as 6.8 percent after newspaper reports said takeover talks collapsed between US billionaire 
US Raids Hit Iraq #39;s Falluja at Start of Ramadan US warplanes bombed targets in Iraq #39;s rebel-held city of Falluja Friday, marking a violent start to the holy Muslim fasting month of Ramadan.
US launches Fallujah offensive US forces haved launched air and ground attacks against insurgents in Fallujah, about 40 miles west of Baghdad. The military says  quot;precision strikes quot; are being used.
Pakistan hunts kidnappers #39; leader Pakistan has vowed to track down the leader of a kidnap group in South Waziristan after one of two Chinese hostages died in a rescue attempt.
Israel: no limits on Al Aqsa Mosque Jerusalem (AsiaNews/Agencies) - Israel will set no limit to the number of Muslim worshippers entering the Al Aqsa Mosque during Ramadam, which begins today.
Sportsview: NFL Plays Bad Cop Vs. Plummer (AP) AP - The National Football League wanted to package its tribute to Pat Tillman much the same way it's planning the next halftime show at the Super Bowl. Nice, neat and orderly, with no surprises.
Shaq Should Help Heat Perimeter Players (AP) AP - Shaquille O'Neal will never be mistaken for a great shooter. His percentage annually ranks among the NBA's leaders, but only because his success rate is fueled by a steady stream of dunks.
LPGA: Park Feels at Home in the Desert (AP) AP - Although the Southern California desert is a long way  #151; and drastically different  #151; from her native South Korea, Grace Park feels at home among the sand and the cacti.
NFL Game Summary - Carolina at New Orleans Goings caught six passes for 46 yards for Carolina, which leads the all-time series 10-9...Darren Howard finished with two sacks for the Saints, who have failed to hold any opponent to under 20 points this season...Mike Rucker added a sack and Will 
Intel shelves plans for 4GHz Pentium 4 Intel has confirmed it will not release a 4GHz version of its flagship Pentium 4 product. Instead it will transfer its engineers to the company #39;s new design priorities.
Coventry will buy First Health for \$1.8 billion First Health Group, which manages health-care benefits for employers and unions and which has struggled lately, will be acquired by Coventry Health Care in a \$1.
Peregrine ex-auditor enters plea Daniel F. Stulac, the former outside auditor for San Diego #39;s Peregrine Systems, has pleaded innocent to fraud charges detailed in a federal indictment issued last week.
Spawn of X Prize on Horizon So Burt Rutan #39;s SpaceShipOne has grabbed the \$10 million Ansari X Prize. What #39;s next for Peter Diamandis and the organization he started in the mid- #39;90s to promote development of private spaceships?
Cards #39; power leaves Astros all wet ST. LOUIS -- The battle between the Houston Astros #39; unheralded Pete Munro and the St. Louis Cardinals #39; Matt Morris was a surprising push.
Determined Davenport reclaims world number one spot American second seed Lindsay Davenport became the WTA #39;s new world No. 1 following her 6-4, 6-2 win over Dinara Safina of Russia in the second round of the \$2.
Strong temblor sways buildings in Taiwan capital TAIPEI, Taiwan - A strong earthquake rocked Taiwan #39;s capital during the lunch rush today, shaking tall buildings for about a minute.
Karzai leads but 99 of votes to be counted With 99 percent of the votes still to be counted in Afghanistan #39;s presidential election, incumbent Hamid Karzai had taken a lead that many observers expect him to retain right to the end of a marathon count.
U.S. Economy Questions Paralyze Dollar (Reuters) Reuters - The dollar steadied broadly on Friday\after a swelling U.S. trade deficit and steep oil prices pushed\it lower in the previous session, as investors awaited new data\about the U.S. economy.
Polish PM Pledges Iraq Troop Cuts, Strong Economy (Reuters) Reuters - Prime Minister Marek Belka promised to\reduce Poland's military presence in Iraq from early 2005 and\maintain buoyant economic growth if he wins a confidence vote\in his minority cabinet Friday.
U.S. Economy Questions Paralyze Dollar  LONDON (Reuters) - The dollar steadied broadly on Friday  after a swelling U.S. trade deficit and steep oil prices pushed  it lower in the previous session, as investors awaited new data  about the U.S. economy.
Oil, Economic Growth Worry Investors  LONDON (Reuters) - Questions about the sustainability of  global economic growth held many markets hostage Friday as  crude oil prices bumped close to \$55 a barrel and investors  awaited a raft of U.S. data.
Oil Dips But Near \$55 on Winter Anxiety  SINGAPORE (Reuters) - Oil prices eased on Friday, but still  within sight of the \$55-mark as traders feared time was running  out to top up low heating oil supplies before winter.
UK Judge: Enron Bankers Can Face U.S. Trial  LONDON (Reuters) - A British judge said Friday that he saw  no reason why three former British bankers could not face trial  in the United States over alleged fraud charges involving Enron  executives.
Zimbabwe Court Acquits Tsvangirai of Treason  HARARE, Zimbabwe (Reuters) - Zimbabwe's High Court Friday  acquitted opposition leader Morgan Tsvangirai on charges of  plotting to assassinate President Robert Mugabe, saying the  state had failed to prove its case beyond reasonable doubt.
Bankers facing Enron extradition A judge rules that three UK bankers can be extradited to the US to face fraud charges related to a deal with Enron.
'Militant' killed in Gaza strike Israel carries out an air raid on the northern part of the Gaza Strip, killing a Palestinian near the Jabaliya refugee camp.
Decision due on 500,000 new homes A decision is due to be taken on whether 500,000 new home should be built in eastern England.
Israel Winds Down Gaza Military Operation Several thousand Israeli settlers and supporters demonstrate, during a rally against Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s planned pullout and evacuation of Gaza Strip Jewish settlements, near Sharon #39;s residence, in Jerusalem, Thursday, Oct. 14, 2004.
Google Desktop Search Has Arrived Google has finally announced Google Desktop Search, a search application that enables users to search their email, files, web history, and chats.
Broadband: More Power to You WASHINGTON -- Federal regulators on Thursday adopted rules aimed at tempting electric utilities to offer broadband services -- a move officials hope will someday enable US consumers to jack in to the web from virtually any power outlet.
Corel Corporation acquires Jasc Software Corel Corporation has expanded its software portfolio with the acquisition of Jasc Software, which produces the Paint Shop family of image editing and digital photography programs.
Dell targets iPod mini Dell introduced two new music players yesterday, aiming to take a chunk from Apple #39;s iPod market share. Marketed under the Dell DJ (Digital Jukebox) line of digital music players, one - the 
The future face of identity checking After signatures, fingerprints and iris recognition, 3-D face maps encoded onto ID cards and passports are unveiled today. The ground-breaking system of recording biometric information could be the key to our security.
Reports say talks with Irish duo have collapsed LONDON (CBS.MW) -- Manchester United, the most well-known soccer club in the world, is expected Friday to make a statement on the status of its takeover approach, the BBC reported, as speculation grows that Malcolm Glazer #39;s talks with its largest 
Rossi takes provisional pole in Australia PHILLIP ISLAND - Italian Valentino Rossi, closing in on a fourth consecutive premier race world title, grabbed provisional pole after initial qualifying at the Australian MotoGP earlier today.
Al Fayed asking 110M for Fulham Turkish-Cypriot brothers Halil and Husnu Falyali insist their bid to takeover Fulham is still on. The deal could be worth 100 million and the Falyalis insist negotiations are continuing, despite denials from the London club.
Man City v Chelsea Chelsea full-back Wayne Bridge could return to the team after being out with a calf injury since 19 September. Celestine Babayaro (hamstring) could also feature in the squad along with Mateja Kezman (groin).
Martin will cut schedule Mark Martin joined the growing list of longtime drivers easing their way out of NASCAR, announcing Thursday that the 2005 season will be his last as a full-time racer.
Greenpeace Calls For Stepped Up Action to Protect Iraqis from &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; WASHINGTON, Oct 13 (OneWorld) The environmental group Greenpeace has echoed a call by the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) to permit the UN watchdog to return in force to Iraq to track nuclear-related materials looted after the 2003 US-led 
Defence ; NATO, Russia Vow To Boost Anti-Terror Cooperation The talks, on the second day of informal ministerial talks in a Romanian ski resort, were given focus by the school massacre in Beslan in September, which left as many as 350 people, most of them children, dead.
Saturn probe may reveal key to life A space probe headed for Saturn #39;s largest moon, Titan, is nearing the end of its two billion mile journey, reports Nic Fleming.
Searching files on PC easier The Mountain View company unveiled the free technology Thursday that allows users to simultaneously scan the Web and their computer hard drives for documents, e-mail, instant messages and the sites they #39;ve visited in the past.
Delta sees wider third-quarter loss Delta Air Lines Inc. expects to report a much wider loss for the third quarter due to one-time charges, higher oil prices and a decline in its domestic passenger-mile yield, the airline said Friday.
Wachovia Profit Rises 14 Percent Wachovia Corp. (WB.N: Quote, Profile, Research) , the No. 5 US bank, on Friday said third-quarter profit rose 14 percent, helped by increased lending to consumers and a decline in bad loans.
UK bankers may face US trial over Enron Three British ex-bankers are to appeal a decision by a judge that they could be extradited to the United States to face trial over alleged fraud charges relating to disgraced energy group Enron.
Govt may slash duty on petrol, diesel New Delhi: The Cabinet Committee on Economic Affairs (CCEA) may consider slashing customs duty on petrol and diesel from 15 per cent to 10 per cent besides exempting kerosene and LPG from excise levy as part of efforts to spare consumers from the impact 
S amp;P 500 Futures Rise on Stronger-Than-Expected Retail Sales Futures on the Standard  amp; Poor #39;s 500 Index rose after a government report showed retail sales rose more than forecast last month.
Airbus to seek one billion euros in state loans PARIS : European aircraft maker Airbus aims to apply for loans worth up to one billion euros (1.24 billion dollars) from European states for its new A350 airplane program, chief executive Noel Forgeard was quoted as saying in the Financial Times.
Intel not to make 4-Gigahertz version of Pentium 4 PC processor The world #39;s No. 1 chipmaker Intel says that it will not make the 4-gigahertz version of its Pentium 4 PC processor. Intel will release another chip that has fewer gigahertz.
FCC approves broadband over power line rules The US Federal Communications Commission (FCC) has cleared the way for power companies to roll out broadband over power line service by approving a set of rules designed to limit interference to other radio frequency devices.
IPods an eye-opener for industry Apple Computer #39;s iTunes Music Store sold its 150 millionth song on Thursday, another key milestone in the Cupertino firm #39;s push to stay ahead of digital music rivals like Microsoft and Dell.
Microsoft investigates game code theft Microsoft is investigating the recent on-line release of a pirated copy of the forthcoming Xbox Halo 2 game, warning that downloading the code, or making it available for download, will be treated as theft.
Online music pirates will be collared within days Trade association The British Phonographic Association (BPI) which last week vowed to bring 28 illegal music uploaders to justice, has secured a High Court action to force the internet service providers to come up with the identities of the alleged 
IBM Fleshes Out Power5 Line IBM (Quote, Chart) upped the ante against rivals HP (Quote, Chart) and Sun Microsystems (Quote, Chart) in the server market by adding three new machines based on its Power5 processor, two of which can run 254 virtual servers on a single machine.
Microsoft gets a fashion makeover com October 15, 2004, 5:11 AM PT. Wood paneling and chrome made your dad #39;s station wagon look like a million bucks, and they might also be just the ticket for Microsoft #39;s fledgling 
UK scientists bring hydrogen cars closer British scientists have used nanotechnology to trap and store hydrogen gas for a new generation of fuel cell car engines, they report today.
A da Vinci Project Update for Canadian Town Canadian rocketeers hoping to launch a privately built spacecraft from the small Saskatchewan town of Kindersley met with community officials Thursday, updating residents on the missions progress and reaffirming their intent to fly.
Drummond enjoys Wentworth Els test Shropshire #39;s Scott Drummond believes he will learn from the experience of going head-to-head with world number two Ernie Els, despite seeing his HSBC World Matchplay dreams end this morning.
Sunny weather, a Sunny-like Sehwag, shining Shane And Virender Sehwag too was expected to pour runs, that is. But he too was unusually Sunny, er, Sunil Gavaskar-like as the Indians quite methodically moved up to 197 for 3 with Sehwag carving out a fine century 
Kobe #39;s New Role: Villain Now he is the Big Victim. For so long, we thought of Shaquille O #39;Neal as the Big Monster. But it turns out the monster was his former sidekick, Kobe Bryant, according to Phil Jackson #39;s new book.
Saha back for Man United Striker Louis Saha returns to the Manchester United squad for Saturday #39;s game at Birmingham City to give manager Alex Ferguson the choice of four front-line strikers for the first time this season.
England sticks with Beckham as captain David Beckham lurches from one crisis to another. Michael Owen projects a squeaky clean image. The country which invented soccer should have no problem deciding who #39;s the best choice to captain England #39;s national team.
Fulham Football Club star ban reduced Fulham Football Club striker Andy Cole has had his six-match suspension reduced to four games. The former Manchester United man was handed a three-match ban and a 10,000 fine on top of his original three 
York site has several advantages It should come as no surprise that York University picked up the stadium project ball after the University of Toronto dropped it. It has been apparent the Argos and the Canadian Soccer Association would be 
Brazil Making Progress on Software Export Drive (Reuters) Reuters - Brazil's drive to increase\computer software exports is beginning to show results and the\government expects the sector to sell about  #36;400 million abroad\this year, four times what it exported in 2001.
Oil import prices fuel 7 jump in US trade deficit THE US trade deficit widened in August to its second-highest level on record, fuelled by the highest oil import prices in 23 years and record imports from China.
Update 7: Crude Oil Hugs Milestone \$55 Mark Crude oil futures stayed within range of the \$55 milestone Friday, a day after a decline in the US inventory of heating oil roiled a market already on edge over tight supplies, high demand and unrest among key producers.
UK Enron Bankers Can Be Extradited to the US, Court Rules Three British bankers can be extradited to the US to face fraud charges related to former energy trader Enron Corp., a London court ruled.
Govt decides not to raise oil prices New Delhi: The Indian government decided on Friday not to increase retail prices of petroleum products despite global crude oil prices reaching record highs, Petroleum and natural Gas Minister Mani Shankar Aiyar said.
Netflix stock drops on anticipation of Amazon competition Shares of mail-order DVD rental company Netflix plunged Thursday after it warned that it was slashing its subscription price in anticipation of Amazon.
Health Management Cuts 4Q Outlook Health Management Associates Inc., which operates acute care hospitals in rural areas, lowered profit guidance Friday for the fourth-quarter and fiscal year, citing outages and service disruptions related to Hurricanes Ivan and Jeanne.
UCLA Wins Men's Water Polo Championship (AP) AP - Logan Powell scored with 13 seconds remaining in the second overtime Sunday to lift UCLA to the NCAA championship with a 10-9 victory over Stanford.
Web coming to electrical outlets NEW YORK (CNN/Money) - Electric companies may soon join the fray of providing Internet services after regulators cleared the way for utility companies to offer broadband services through electrical outlets, according to a report published Friday.
United fans seek safety net Manchester United fans have called on the club #39;s major sponsors to help ring-fence shares to stave off further takeover threats.
Bundesliga matches, Oct 16-17 VfB Stuttgart coach Matthias Sammer hosts his former charges Borussia Dortmund on Saturday and believes Kevin Kuranyi will be back to inflict further pain on the visitors.
Wachovia reports boost in 3rd-quarter profits CHARLOTTE, NC - Financial services firm Wachovia Corp. said Friday that third-quarter earnings increased as declining retail brokerage activity was offset by higher revenue in wealth management and investment banking segments.
Intel puts brakes on plan for faster chip San Jose - In the latest change to its product lineup, Intel Corporation on Thursday shelved its plans to release a 4-Gigahertz (Ghz) computer microprocessor, saying it would rely on approaches other than faster clock speed to improve the performance of 
Langer ousts Singh in World Match Play Bernhard Langer beat Vijay Singh on the first extra hole Friday to knock the world #39;s top-ranked player out of the World Match Play Championship in the first round.
Australian Warne Sets Cricket Mark; India Leads by 56 (Update4) Australia spinner Shane Warne became the top wicket-taker in Test cricket on day two of the second match against India, as Virender Sehwag #39;s seventh Test century helped the home side reach 291-6 to take a 56-run lead.
Silence is best, Eriksson tells sorry Beckham England coach Sven-Goran Eriksson says captain David Beckham should have kept quiet about his decision to deliberately pick up a yellow card against Wales.
Gregan agrees Wallabies contract Australia captain George Gregan is set to sign a new three-year contract to take him through to the 2007 World Cup. Sydney #39;s Daily Telegraph newspaper claimed the 31-year-old scrum-half is ready to put pen to paper on the deal.
Christopher Lee Becoming a Video Game Wizard (Reuters) Reuters - Christopher Lee says he\does not own a computer or a mobile phone. But that hasn't\prevented the veteran British actor from starring in some of\the most successful and accomplished marriages of narrative and\computer-generated artistry that ever entertained an audience.
2nd UPDATE: Hutchison Telecom Debut Pales Vs China Power HONG KONG (Dow Jones)--Hutchison Telecommunications International Ltd. #39;s (2332.HK) debut on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange Friday paled in comparison to China Power International 
A step towards pollution-free cars Scientists have made a world-first discovery which is a step towards using environmentally-friendly hydrogen to power our cars. A team from the Universities of Newcastle upon Tyne and Liverpool in the UK, who 
Murray State favorite to win OVC Losing ten players usually means a rebuilding year. Not at Murray State. Despite the loss, the Racers were picked as the pre-season favorite to win the Ohio Valley Conference.
Strong quake rocks north-east Taiwan A strong earthquake in the Pacific Ocean off Taiwan has rocked the island #39;s north-east, damaging buildings and injuring several people, according to officials.
Sharon Orders Redeployment of Israeli Troops In Gaza Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon has ordered a redeployment of Israeli troops, away from densely populated areas of the northern Gaza Strip.
Indonesia Files Terrorism Charges Against Cleric Bashir Indonesian prosecutors filed terrorism charges on Friday against cleric Abu Bakar Bashir that could bring to trial within two weeks the accused leader 
Outspoken UK ambassador to Uzbekistan sacked ISN SECURITY WATCH (15/10/04) - The former British ambassador to Uzbekistan, Craig Murray, has been sacked in what he says is the governments response to his open criticism of the use of British intelligence gained by the torture of prisoners by Uzbek 
Sarah reveals tape of Prince Harry #39;s cheating  #39;confession #39;: World News: London, Oct 15 : Sarah Forsyth, the sacked Eton teacher who alleged that she had helped Prince Harry cheat while he was taking his A-Levels, has now produced a tape of Prince Harry, which she says will substantiate her charge.
Another Turkish Driver Beheaded in Iraq Turkish driver Ramazan Elbu was decapitated in recent incidents in Iraq yesterday that led to over 30 deaths. In a video cassette issued on a website belonging to an illegal organization called the Ansar Al 
Australian man jailed for UK backpacker murder An Australian drifter was today jailed for life for murdering the British backpacker Caroline Stuttle in 2002 by throwing her off a bridge after stealing her handbag.
UK chemists seek hydrogen store Hydrogen has zero greenhouse emissions when  quot;burned quot; in the novel car engines now under development - but being a gas it is expensive to compress or liquefy.
Net File-Sharing Doesn't Hurt Most Artists - Survey (Reuters) Reuters - Most musicians and artists say the\Internet has helped them make more money from their work\despite online file-trading services that allow users to copy\songs and other material for free, according to a study\released on Sunday.
Exabyte slashes media costs &lt;strong&gt;Storage Expo&lt;/strong&gt; Hopes to cut losses through cheaper tapes
Intel shift over need for speed Intel has dropped plans for 4GHz version of its flagship Pentium 4 chip, making a shift in approach.
Spooky psychic thriller spot on Psi-Ops' mix of futuristic military adventure and spooky psychic undertones has much to offer.
Digital Home to Set Off Next Big Electronics Wave  AMSTERDAM (Reuters) - Mention "home networking" to most  people and few would imagine the routers, access points and  wireless connections that in a few years could become an  indispensable part of millions of home entertainment systems.
Redskins Top Giants, Break Losing Streak (AP) AP - Stop the game and have a parade  #151; the Washington Redskins finally scored 20 points. The historic moment occurred with 41 seconds left in the first half of Sunday's rout of the New York Giants, when tight end Robert Royal went to the ground to cradle Patrick Ramsey's 9-yard pass. Royal's first career touchdown gave the Redskins a 21-0 lead on the way to a 31-7 victory.
Border Security Measures to Tighten Tighter security measures designed to stop suspected terrorists, sexual predators and other types of criminals at the nation's borders will begin next month, federal officials announced Thursday.
Netflix Anticipates Amazon DVD-Rental Service Shares of mail-order DVD rental company Netflix Inc. plunged Thursday after it warned that it was slashing its subscription price in anticipation of Amazon.com Inc. entering an already crowded market.
New Propulsion System Could Make Trip to Mars in 90 Days A new means of propelling spacecraft being developed at the University of Washington could dramatically cut the time needed for astronauts to travel to and from Mars and could make humans a permanent fixture in space.
Google expands search to desktop (USATODAY.com) USATODAY.com - In a move that beats competitors Yahoo, Microsoft, America Online and AskJeeves to the starting gate, Internet search giant Google on Thursday unveiled a program enhancement that searches Web pages plus e-mails, pictures, music and other documents on your hard drive.
Sprint to Cut 700 Jobs (Reuters) Reuters - Sprint Corp. , said on Friday\it plans to reduce by up to 700 jobs in its business solutions\unit as it realigns its business to focus on wireless and\Internet-based telecommunications offerings.
IBM tops off Power 5-based server line (InfoWorld) InfoWorld - Targeting Unix archrivals Hewlett-Packard and Sun Microsystems, IBM on Friday topped off the high end of its Power 5-based line of iSeries and pSeries servers, rolling out three systems all capable of hosting as many as 250 virtual servers on a single machine.
THE SWAGGER IS BACK (SiliconValley.com) SiliconValley.com - "I'm back," declared Apple Computer's Steve Jobs on Thursday morning in his first public appearance before reporters since cancer surgery in late July.
Retail Sales Up 1.5 Pct., Fueled by Autos (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. retail sales rose by an\unexpectedly large 1.5 percent in September, propelled by the\sharpest jump in auto sales in nearly three years, according to\a government report on Friday that bodes well for economic\growth in the third quarter.
Producer Prices Up 0.1 Pct, Energy Drops (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. producer prices edged up just\0.1 percent in September, held back by a big energy-price drop,\but the cost of non-energy items picked up steam, a government\report showed on Friday.
Delta Air Lines Sees Loss Mushrooming (Reuters) Reuters - Delta Air Lines Inc.  on Friday\forecast a much wider third-quarter loss than Wall Street had\estimated because of weak domestic fares and a spike in fuel\costs, driven by record-high oil prices.
German Court Frees Nazi War Crimes Suspect (AP) AP - A court ordered an 86-year-old man accused of Nazi war crimes in Slovakia freed from custody Friday after a key witness said he could no longer clearly remember what happened.
Gangsters Torch Cars in Haiti Capital (AP) AP - Young gangsters rampaged through the heart of the Haitian capital, torching cars and firing in the air in what many people feared was a prelude to more violence.
Wachovia Plans Technology Park in Alabama (AP) AP - Wachovia Corp. is planning a  #36;400 million data center in Birmingham that will anchor a 337-acre technology park.
Head of Troubled Japanese Retailer Resigns (AP) AP - The president of troubled retailer Daiei announced his resignation Friday, two days after he was forced by lenders to seek a government bailout.
Blue Chips Seen Higher After Retail Data  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stock futures jumped on Friday,  pointing to a firm market open, after a government report  showed U.S. September retail sales rose higher-than-expected.
Woman believed to be 1st to walk around Australia strides back to hometown (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - MELBOURNE, Australia (AP) - A 36-year-old businesswoman was believed to be the first woman to walk around Australia on Friday after striding into her hometown of Melbourne to complete her 16,700-kilometre trek in 365 days.
Producer Prices Up 0.1 Pct, Energy Drops  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. producer prices edged up just  0.1 percent in September, held back by a big energy-price drop,  but the cost of non-energy items picked up steam, a government  report showed on Friday.
Delta Air Lines Sees Loss Mushrooming  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Delta Air Lines Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=DAL.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;DAL.N&lt;/A&gt; on Friday  forecast a much wider third-quarter loss than Wall Street had  estimated because of weak domestic fares and a spike in fuel  costs, driven by record-high oil prices.
Oil Holds Near \$55 on Winter Fuel Anxiety  LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices held strong on Friday not far  below the \$55-a-barrel mark as traders worried time is running  out to top up low heating oil inventories before winter.
'Ranked-Choice Voting' Debuts in Calif. (AP) AP - In a change that could give new meaning to direct democracy, San Franciscans will soon cast ballots listing their first, second and third-place choices for municipal offices under a new "ranked-choice voting" system that would eliminate separate run-off elections.
Chargers Edge Broncos, 20-17 (AP) AP - The Chargers  #151; yes, the Chargers  #151; took firm control of the AFC West by hanging on to beat the Denver Broncos 20-17 in a wild one on Sunday. LaDainian Tomlinson ran for two touchdowns and San Diego's defense saved the day by intercepting Jake Plummer four times, including in the end zone in the closing minutes.
Before-the-Bell: Multimedia Games Drops  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Shares of Multimedia Games Inc.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MGAM.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;MGAM.O&lt;/A&gt; fell 19.5 percent before the bell Friday a day after  the developer of games for casinos said it will post  unexpectedly weak fourth-quarter and full-year results.
Airbus Raises Delivery Target for 2004  PARIS (Reuters) - Planemaker Airbus said on Friday it had  raised its expected deliveries target for 2004 to as many as  320 planes and might tap up to 1 billion euros (\$1.24 billion)  in controversial government loans to build a new model.
Arch Coal Profit Off, But Coal Sales Up  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Arch Coal Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=ACI.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;ACI.N&lt;/A&gt;, the  second-largest U.S. coal producer, said on Friday that  third-quarter profit fell slightly as rail disruptions and  hurricane-related work delays affected mining operations.
Shoppers Spring Back to Life in September Shoppers rediscovered their buying groove last month, propelling sales at the nation's retailers by a strong 1.5 percent. It was the best showing since March.
Zimbabwe Opposition Leader Acquitted of Treason  HARARE (Reuters) - Zimbabwe's opposition leader Morgan  Tsvangirai was acquitted on Friday of plotting to assassinate  President Robert Mugabe and seize power, in a verdict that  provides a major boost for the opposition.
UK bankers face Enron extradition A judge rules that three UK bankers can be extradited to the US to face fraud charges related to a deal with Enron.
India's Wipro sees profits surge Wipro, one of India's leading software exporters, reports a 65 jump in profits, driven by European demand and a rise in outsourcing.
Landslide win for Cameroon leader Cameroon's President Paul Biya is re-elected with 75 of the vote, say officials, with just a results to come.
Wachovia Profit Rises 14 Percent The No. 5 U.S. bank said third-quarter profit rose 14 percent, helped by increased lending to consumers and a decline in bad loans.
Muslim world celebrates Ramadan Millions of Muslims across the world begin observing the Muslim holy month of Ramadan.
Muslim suspects in Gujarat freed Two Muslims charged over the 2002 train attack on Hindu pilgrims that sparked religious riots in Gujarat are freed.
Early Forecast: Flu Season Could be Harsh By Amanda Gardner, HealthDay Reporter    HealthDayNews -- While U.S. health officials say it's too soon to predict the severity of the coming flu season, unofficial accounts indicate it could be relatively harsh...
Cards Top Astros 6-4 to Take 2-0 NLCS Lead ST. LOUIS - Scott Rolen hit two home runs, combining with Albert Pujols for back-to-back shots in the eighth inning that sent the St...
New Technology Clears Clogged Arteries Might reduce number of bypass surgeries, study says    HealthDayNews -- A new technique that uses infrared light and radiofrequency energy to clear blocked arteries may reduce the number of patients who need bypass surgery, says a Dutch study in the October issue of the journal Cardiovascular Interventions.    The study found this guidewire system can navigate blocked coronary arteries, burn through dense scar tissue and reestablish blood flow through severely obstructed arteries...
Polls Show Worsening of U.S. Reputation LONDON - America's reputation around the world is hurting, according to a series of coordinated polls published Friday from 10 countries, including many of the United States' closest allies.    In eight of the countries where the surveys commissioned by major newspapers were conducted, more people said their view of America had worsened in the past two to three years than improved...
Karzai Takes Early Lead in Afghan Count KABUL, Afghanistan - Interim leader Hamid Karzai took an early lead as vote counting began in Afghanistan's landmark presidential election, after allegations of ballot-box stuffing, voter intimidation and multiple voting forced five days of delay.    The tally was halted Friday so the 1,000 Afghans on the counting staff could have the day off to celebrate the start of Ramadan, the Islamic fasting month...
Sinus Infections Crop Up in Autumn Fall marks start of more than cold and flu season    HealthDayNews -- Not only is fall the start of the cold and flu season, it's also the time of year when sinus infections become more common.    "The cooler, dry weather associated with the fall allergy season will cause an increase in the frequency and severity of sinus infections and sinus headaches, especially in seasonal allergy sufferers...
Americans Able to Buy Cheaper Medicines in Canada The U.S. Food and Drug Administration opposes commercial prescription imports, arguing that it can't vouch for their safety. But individuals can buy a three month supply of medicine if they have a U.S. prescription.
Cheneys Mad After Kerry Mentions Daughter WASHINGTON - Mary Cheney typically works quietly behind the scenes on her father's vice presidential campaign, but she was dragged front-and-center after John Kerry noted that she is a lesbian during his debate with President Bush.    Her parents were furious at Kerry...
AP: Memo Warned About Medicare Cards WASHINGTON - A day before the first presidential debate, the government's health policy watchdog raised concerns that early mailings to seniors about the new Medicare prescription discount cards championed by President Bush were confusing or inadequate.   "We found that these beneficiaries received very little mail from drug card sponsors that would enable them to make an informed choice among cards," the Health and Human Services Department inspector general wrote in the Sept...
New Vaginal Gel May Protect Women From HIV By LAURAN NEERGAARD    WASHINGTON (AP) -- A chemical specially designed to thwart how the AIDS virus invades during sex offers scientists a new lead in the long quest for a vaginal gel that women could apply to protect themselves when men don't use a condom.    The experimental drug isn't ready for human testing yet, but it provided potent protection to female monkeys exposed to large amounts of an AIDS virus, researchers reported Thursday in the journal Science...
Stocks Are Set to Open Slightly Higher NEW YORK - U.S. stocks are seen slightly higher at the open but a swathe of economic data is likely to influence overall sentiment and direction...
Microsoft: The reality behind the image CNET News.com's Charles Cooper explains why the company remains wildly successful despite a string of mediocre product launches.
How it works California - Currently compatible only with the Windows operating system, Google #39;s new 400-kilobyte desktop program requires about 10 minutes to download on a dial-up connection and takes some five or six hours to index a computer #39;s hard drive.
September Retail Sales Up by 1.5 Percent Shoppers got their buying groove back last month, propelling sales at the nation #39;s retailers by a strong 1.5 percent. It was the best showing since March.
Chip sales boost Samsung by 46 SAMSUNG Electronicss quarterly profit jumped 46 per cent from a year ago on strong memory chip sales, but fell 14 per cent from the previous quarter as prices of flat screens for TV and computers fell.
Morning Briefing Automakers #39; rich incentives last month might have helped retail sales rebound from a disappointing August. A Commerce Department report out this morning is expected to show that sales at US retailers rose 
Before the Bell--Marsh and La Jolla drop, Delta gains Shares of Marsh  amp; McLennan Cos. Inc. (MMC.N: Quote, Profile, Research) fell 6 percent before the bell Friday, extending their slide a day after the insurance broker was targeted in a fraud suit by New York #39;s attorney general.
Govt not to raise fuel prices  quot;The Cabinet Committee on Economic Affairs has decided today that prices of all petroleum products will be held at the same level, quot; said Mani Shankar Aiyar, Petroleum and Natural Gas Minister.
Soyuz in orbit bound for ISS BAIKONUR, Kazakhstan: A Russian-US crew blasted off from here Thursday bound for the International Space Station where they will spend six months conducting experiments including work on the search for an AIDS vaccine.
FCC Approves BPL Despite Interference Concerns goosman writes  quot;The ARRL is reporting that the FCC has approved revised Part 15 (unlicensed services) rules to specifically regulate the deployment of broadband over power line (BPL) technology.
IBM launches 64-way Power5 Unix servers Without a question, the  quot;Regatta quot; family of Power4 and Power4 servers put IBM Corp #39;s Unix business in high gear. Just as Unix leaders Sun Microsystems Inc and Hewlett-Packard Co were struggling with product 
Archos unveils 20GB iPod Mini-sized player French media player maker Archos has launched what may the world #39;s smallest 20GB hard drive-based music player. The Gmini XS200 measures just 7.6 x 5.9 x 1.9cm and weighs 120g.
The Home PC, Perfected Three times is a charm, and never is this truer than with Microsoft products. With its brand new Windows XP Media Center Edition 2005 operating system, Microsoft may have unleashed the perfect OS for a home PC.
Els trails Cabrera at Wentworth Ernie Els went into lunch one-down against Angel Cabrera in the quarter-finals of the World Match Play at Wentworth on Friday. The world number two went as much as three-up by the sixth but was hauled back 
MOTOGP NEWS Rossi feels pressure to clinch crown. Valentino Rossi and Sete Gibernau will go head to head in the Australian Grand Prix on Sunday, and they began the battle by dominating the first qualifying session at Phillip Island this afternoon.
Judgement day looms for Button Jenson Button #39;s Formula One future should be decided on Saturday at a hearing that will also determine several other drivers #39; hopes of racing next year.
Cardinals make it two straight without an ace Sure, the Cardinals had hoped erstwhile right-hander Matt Morris would be all that he could be on Thursday night at Busch Stadium.
England sitting pretty England ended the latest round of World Cup qualfiers sitting pretty and well on course for Germany in 2006 - sadly not the same can be said for Wales and Scotland, two countries in turmoil.
OCTOBER DEADLINE FOR BRITISH GP The British Racing Drivers Club have set a deadline of the end of October to save the British Grand Prix. The Silverstone race is on the provisional calendar but the BRDC are still to agree staging rights with F1 supremo Bernie Ecclestone.
BUTTON TO DISCOVER FUTURE Jenson Button will tomorrow discover whether he is allowed to quit BAR and move to Williams for 2005. The Englishman has signed contracts with both teams but prefers a switch to Williams, where he began his Formula One career in 2000.
Three Americans killed, one missing and presumed dead in Green &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; (Baghdad, Iraq-AP) Oct. 15, 2004 - The US military now says three Americans were killed and a fourth is missing and presumed dead from an attack on Baghdad #39;s heavily-fortified Green Zone.
Karzai Takes Early Lead in Afghan Count Interim leader Hamid Karzai took an early lead as vote counting began in Afghanistan #39;s landmark presidential election, after allegations of ballot-box stuffing, voter 
New Cambodian King Asks for Guidance Cambodia #39;s new king, Norodom Sihamoni, said in his first message to his kingdom Friday that he would stay out of politics, and asked for guidance and understanding while he learns his new role.
Aristide supporters rampage in Haiti YOUNG gangsters torched cars, fired in the air and terrorised people not far from the presidential palace as violence flared in the Haitian capital of Port-au-Prince.
Photo 2 of 2: Microsoft's fashion makeover Wood paneling and chrome dominate one of two sample designs for a new style of Media Center PC, commissioned by Microsoft's eHome division from One   Co.
Photo 1 of 2: Microsoft's fashion makeover Wood paneling and chrome dominate one of two sample designs for a new style of Media Center PC, commissioned by Microsoft's eHome division from One   Co.
Microsoft gets a fashion makeover Design specialists dream up Media Center PCs that look more like furniture.
Forensic experts track printer fingerprints Counterfeiters who make \$10 bills on printers could find the cops on their trail if tracking techniques pan out.
Sharp adds hard disk to its Linux PDA Sharp Corp. has added a hard-disk drive to its latest Zaurus PDA (personal digital assistant), and is considering selling the Linux operating system-based device abroad, the company said Friday.
China Pledges Stable Economic, Yuan Policies (Update1) China #39;s government said it would continue measures to slow economic growth and reaffirmed its commitment to a stable yuan policy as the nation #39;s leaders wrapped up their annual meeting in Beijing.
HP could make more of Compaq acquisition, CEO says TAIPEI, TAIWAN -- More than two years after completing its buyout of rival Compaq Computer Inc., Hewlett-Packard Co. (HP) has not done enough to take full advantage of the acquisition, according to HP's chairman and chief executive officer (CEO).
IBM tops off Power 5-based server line Targeting Unix archrivals Hewlett-Packard and Sun Microsystems, IBM on Friday topped off the high end of its Power 5-based line of iSeries and pSeries servers, rolling out three systems all capable of hosting as many as 250 virtual servers on a single machine.
Potential downside of the US dollar One often wonders what makes the US dollar a dominant currency in the world economy. The general perception is that the strength of a currency in the market place is a reflection of the inherent strength of the economy it represents.
New Google Tool Expands on Core Technology Google Inc. (GOOG)'s long-awaited expansion of its search tools from the Internet to individual computers takes advantage of the company's core technology as well as a weakness in Microsoft Corp. (MSFT)'s Windows operating system.
Intel Scratches Plans for 4-Gigahertz Pentium By MATTHEW FORDAHL    SAN JOSE, Calif. (AP) -- In the latest change to its product lineup, Intel Corp...
Air Canada forecasts Q3 operating income of \$235M, up from \$17M MONTREAL (CP) - Air Canada #39;s parent company is forecasting third-quarter operating income of \$235 million, up from \$17 million a year ago, for the formerly insolvent airline.
Goosen sets record at rainy Match Play US Open champion Retief Goosen was the only winner on a rainy opening day of the World Match Play Championship at Wentworth on Thursday, beating Jeff Maggert by a record 12 and 11.
Bashir faces new terrorism indictment The Islamic cleric Abu Bakar Bashir will be indicted on charges of terrorism after Indonesian prosecutors today passed their file on the extremist leader to a Jakarta court.
FCC Ruling Brings Broadband to the Power Lines FCC Ruling Brings Broadband to the Power Lines\\The Federal Communications Commission (FCC)  has given the OK for US based utilities to provide broadband over power lines in a move which the FCC hopes will increase the availability of high-speed broadband access and increase competition. This will add electric companies ...
Biologists Worried Over Alien Fish in U.S. (AP) AP - A fish known for its voracious appetite and ability to wreak havoc on freshwater ecosystems was found in Chicago's Burnham Harbor, alarming state biologists.
A da Vinci Project Update for Canadian Town (SPACE.com) SPACE.com - Canadian rocketeers hoping\to launch a privately built spacecraft from the small Saskatchewan town of\Kindersley met with community officials Thursday, updating residents on the\mission's progress and reaffirming their intent to fly.
Mars Reconsidered: New Data Raises Fresh Questions (SPACE.com) SPACE.com - JACKSON HOLE, Wyoming -- There is mounting evidence of the role of water \in Mars' evolution. That fact appears to have been favorable to the \development of life -- and the leftover calling card of past biology may be \preserved in that world's geologic record.
U.K. Judge: Bankers May Be Extradited (AP) AP - A judge ruled Friday that three British bankers indicted in the United States on Enron-linked fraud charges could be extradited to stand trial in Texas.
Pratt Union to vote on contract proposal (WTNH, Dec. 4, 2004 10:40 PM) _ The Machinists Union at Pratt and Whitney is set to vote on whether to accept the latest contract proposal and whether to strike.
Heating oil report jolts prices A decline in the nation #39;s inventory of heating oil catapulted crude futures prices toward \$55 a barrel yesterday, providing the latest jolt to a market already 
Shoppers Spring Back to Life in September Shoppers got their buying groove back last month, propelling sales at the nation #39;s retailers by a strong 1.5 percent. It was the best showing since March.
Samsung Electric Quarterly Profit Up Samsung Electronics Co. Ltd. #39;s (005930.KS: Quote, Profile, Research) quarterly profit jumped 46 percent from a year ago on strong memory chip earnings, but fell 
Britons Face US Trial over Enron Fraud Three British bankers accused of a multi-million pound fraud involving Enron officials should be tried in the United States, a court ruled today.
Court yet to rule on US Airways pay cut Bankrupt US Airways received approval yesterday to use \$745 million in cash over the next three months, but a US Bankruptcy Court judge gave lawyers 
Jasc acquisitionm - Corel #39;s come-back sign Corel has acquired Jasc Software, developer of the Windows-only Paint Shop family of products. Discussing the move, Corel calls the acquisition:  quot;A crucial part of its ongoing growth strategy.
Before-The-Bell: Netflix, Delta Drop Shares of Netflix Inc. (NFLX) plunged 40.2 percent before the bell Friday, the morning after the online DVD rental company said it would charge a lower subscription fee as of Nov. 1. On 
Expedition 10 Rockets to Station Astronaut Leroy Chiao and Cosmonaut Salizhan Sharipov launched from the Baikonur Cosmodrome in Kazakhstan at 11:06 pm EDT Wednesday, right on time.
Intel shift over need for speed The world #39;s largest chip maker, Intel, is changing its approach to making faster computer microprocessors. It has dropped plans to release a four gigahertz version of its flagship Pentium 4 chip.
Microsoft loses its Halo 2 Microsoft has confirmed that a pirated copy of Halo 2 for Xbox in the PAL video format and French language started circulating on the Internet late Wednesday night.
Report: Four sentenced to jail in China for porn Four Chinese men have been sentenced to up to two and a half years in jail as punishment for operating a pornographic Web site, the country #39;s official English-language newspaper reported Friday.
Langer Holds Off Singh to Advance in World Match Play Golf Bernhard Langer, who captained Europe #39;s Ryder Cup team to last month #39;s surprise victory against the US, eliminated world No.
Report: Argos settle on York U site The Toronto Argonauts are set to announce York University as the location of their new stadium, according to several published reports.
Bryant accuser publicly identifies herself in civil lawsuit Under orders from a federal judge, the woman accusing Kobe Bryant of rape identified herself by name Thursday in a revised version of the lawsuit she filed against the NBA star two months ago.
Bryant accuser publicly identifies herself in civil lawsuit The woman accusing Kobe Bryant of rape -- whose name has been widely published on the Internet despite her efforts to remain anonymous -- identified herself by name in a revised version of the lawsuit she filed against the NBA star 
Zimbabwe Opposition Leader Found Innocent of Treason (Update5) Morgan Tsvangirai, leader of Zimbabwe #39;s opposition and the strongest ever challenger to the 24-year rule of President Robert Mugabe, was found not guilty of treason by the country #39;s High Court.
 #39;Militant #39; killed in Gaza strike Israel has carried out an air raid on the northern part of the Gaza Strip, killing a Palestinian near the Jabaliya refugee camp. The Israeli army said the dead man was one of a group of militants who tried to approach its positions.
 #39;Foreign Office Trumped Up False Claims #39; - Dropped Ambassador Britains former ambassador to Uzbekistan has accused the Foreign Office of trumping up false allegations in an attempt to force him from his post.
National Foods Valuation A\$6.11-A\$6.65/Share -2- MELBOURNE (Dow Jones)--Stepping up its takeover defense from predator New Zealand Fonterra Cooperative Group Ltd. (FCO.YY), Australian dairy target National Foods Ltd.
Is that a Media Center PC--or an end table? Design specialists dream up the unexpected to help Microsoft get a foothold in the living room.
Industrial Production Inches Up in Sept. (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. industrial output inched up a\less-than-expected 0.1 percent in September, suppressed in part\by hurricanes that hit the United States that month, the\Federal Reserve said on Friday.
Dollar Falls Broadly vs. Major Currencies  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The dollar fell broadly against major  currencies on Friday in a technically-driven session, as  traders ignored a generally positive batch of U.S. economic  data and sold the greenback.
Goldcorp Agrees to Buy Wheaton River Canadian mining company Goldcorp Inc. (G.TO: Quote, Profile, Research) (GG.N: Quote, Profile, Research) plans to buy competitor Wheaton River Minerals Ltd (WRM.
Pfizer Hikes Warning on Bextra Skin Risk  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Pfizer Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=PFE.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;PFE.N&lt;/A&gt; on Friday said two  clinical trials showed patients taking its anti-inflammatory  drug Bextra had a higher risk of cardiovascular events during  high-risk coronary bypass surgery.
Global Markets: Worries Grip Investors  LONDON (Reuters) - New U.S. economic data on Friday did  little to answer questions about the sustainability of global  economic growth, offering a mixed picture that left markets in  a generally bearish pattern.
US agrees to Halliburton inquiry The US government will set up an inquiry into Iraq contracts given to Halliburton, the former firm of Vice President Dick Cheney.
China pressures Putin on pipeline The Russian president continues his visit to China, amid frustration over failure to agree a new oil pipeline.
September Retail Sales Up by 1.5 Percent The rise in retail sales was the best showing since March. Also, producer prices rose 0.1 percent in September.
Using Keyword Selection Guidelines To Improve Website Conversion Rates Using Keyword Selection Guidelines To Improve Website Conversion Rates\\I've been under pressure lately to come up with more articles on organic search engine optimization with regards to how an effective keyword strategy can improve website conversion rates. Well, here is my take on it, based on the Web analytics evidence ...
Free Google search for PC desktops Google has released a free search tool which sits on the PC desktop and can search its host computer for virtually anything. Launched on Thursday, it blends a search of hard-drive files, emails, recently visited 
Is Sirius a Rule Breaker? It #39;s like nails on a chalkboard. It #39;s like housing a headache before jumping on a jackhammer. Wondering if lowly Sirius Satellite Radio (Nasdaq: SIRI) is about to change the world hurts.
Eyetech To Get Modest Lift From Macugen Credit Suisse First Boston maintained a  quot;neutral quot; rating and \$43 target price on Eyetech (nasdaq: EYET - news - people ). News that the Retaane product from competitor Alcon (nyse: ACL - news - people ) missed 
Rules OK #39;d for broadband on power lines The Federal Communications Commission on Thursday approved rules for transmitting broadband communications signals over electric power lines, clearing the way for the expansion of high-speed Internet access through home electrical outlets.
Cards reel  #39;em in When Saul Bellow wrote More Die Of Heartbreak, he wasn #39;t thinking of the Houston Astros and their fans. For the second consecutive game, the St.
'e-Junk' Recycling Still in Its Infancy (AP) AP - When Office Depot, Inc. stores ran an electronics recycling drive last summer that accepted everything from cell phones to televisions, some stores were overwhelmed by the amount of e-trash they received.
Els Pegged Back by Cabrera, Harrington Sparkles  VIRGINIA WATER, England (Reuters) - Defending champion  Ernie Els trailed Argentina's Angel Cabrera by one hole at the  halfway point of their quarter-final match in the World Match  Play Championship at Wentworth Friday.
Eagles Pummel Packers, 47-17 (AP) AP - Donovan McNabb threw a career-high five touchdown passes in the first half and finished with a team-record 464 yards passing, leading the Philadelphia Eagles to a 47-17 victory over the Green Bay Packers on Sunday.
US Sept. PPI up 0.1, core rate up 0.3 WASHINGTON (CBS.MW) -- Prices of US wholesale goods and services rose 0.1 percent in September, the Labor Department said Friday. The core producer price index, which excludes volatile food and energy goods, rose 0.3 percent.
Pfizer Increases Warning on Bextra Skin Risk Pfizer Inc. on Friday said two clinical trials showed patients taking its anti-inflammatory drug Bextra had a higher risk of cardiovascular events during high-risk coronary bypass surgery.
Bankers lose US extradition fight A TEAM of NatWest investment bankers, the  #39;Enron Three #39;, today lost their fight to avoid extradition to the United States to stand trial on fraud charges.
Sprint to Cut Jobs, Sees Non-Cash Charge Sprint Corp. (FON.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Friday said it plans to cut up to 700 jobs as it realigns its business to focus on wireless and Internet services and takes a non-cash network impairment charge.
Arch Coal 3Q Profit Falls Slightly Coal producer Arch Coal Inc. on Friday posted a slightly lower third-quarter profit that missed Wall Street targets, hurt by rail transportation problems exacerbated by the recent hurricanes.
Big Blue launches little storage box The comments, from IBM Ireland pSeries  amp; Storage products manager Michael Coyle, came after the global launch of the firm #39;s new TotalStorage DS6000 and DS8000 series this week.
Vince ready to play ball and be happy #39; It #39;s been quiet around Vince Carter for the last two weeks: He #39;s been going about his business of getting into shape, learning a new coach, a new system and a couple of new teammates.
Baasyir to face formal terror trial Indonesian prosecutors on Friday formally charged Muslim cleric Abu Bakar Ba #39;asyir with ordering his followers to launch a suicide attack on the JW Marriott hotel in Jakarta in August last year.
U.S. Consumer Sentiment in Surprise Fall (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. consumer sentiment fell more\sharply in early October than analysts had expected, according\to a survey released on Friday.
Bush, Kerry skirt thorny Taiwan question in polls run-up (AFP) AFP - President George W. Bush and rival John Kerry have conveniently avoided public debate on Taiwan ahead of the November 2 presidential vote but analysts expect differences on the core issue in difficult US-China relations.
Playing the Float (Forbes.com) Forbes.com - Houseboats(the Dutch word is woonboot) are a tradition in Amsterdam. The canals that ring the city in tight concentric circles are lined with 3,000 of them, moored to centuries-old stone quays. The vast majority never leave their moorings. Locals live on them. But 35 of them are rented out, overnight or by the week, through small rental agencies or via the Internet.
The Fool's Look Ahead It's going to be a value meal of earnings with the burger and soda giants posting quarterly results.
Eminem Satellite Radio Debut Controversial hip-hop rapper Eminem will launch his widely expected satellite music radio channel called Shade 45 on Oct. 28 with a live broadcast of a concert from New York, the Sirius network said on Thursday.
Government not to raise fuel prices New Delhi, October 15 :The Government on Friday decided not to increase petrol and diesel prices this fortnight.  quot;The Cabinet Committee on Economic Affairs has decided that prices of all petroleum products will be held at the same level.
 #39;Black Tuesday #39; leaves Windows admins blue Forget the Monday morning blues. For Windows administrators, the second Tuesday of the month has become the day to dread. That #39;s the day when Microsoft releases its monthly package of patches.
Man Utd deny receiving firm takeover bid MANCHESTER, Oct 15 (SW) - Following the recent speculation over a potential takeover bid issued by US tycoon Malcolm Glazer, Manchester United have announced they have yet to receive a firm offer.
 #39;Warne #39;s glory short-lived #39; Colombo - Sri Lanka #39;s World Cup-winning skipper Arjuna Ranatunga on Friday congratulated his old foe Shane Warne on becoming the world #39;s highest Test wicket-taker, but predicted his glory will be short-lived.
Zimbabwe Opposition Leader Found Innocent Zimbabwe #39;s Movement For Democratic Change leader Morgan Tsvangirai enters the High Court for his treason trial in Harare, Friday, Oct. 15, 2004.
Israel launches air strike on Jabaliya Early Friday, Israels air forces launched a deadly air strike at four Palestinian fighters in Jabaliya, killing two and critically wounding a third, witnesses said.
Polish vote of confidence looms WARSAW Struggling with high unemployment and opposition here to the war in Iraq, Poland #39;s minority leftist government, led by Marek Belka, on Thursday was trying to head off defeat in a vote of confidence by making last- minute deals to stay in power 
Pakistan Parliament Allows President Musharraf to Remain Army &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Pakistan #39;s lawmaking National Assembly has passed a bill to allow dictator Pervez Musharraf to stay on as chief of the military.
Marsh  amp; McLennan suspends  #39;market services agreements #39; NEW YORK -- Marsh  amp; McLennan Companies Inc. announced Friday that it was suspending its practice of using  quot;market services agreements quot; with insurance carriers.
Oil Holds Near \$55 on Winter Fuel Anxiety Oil prices held strong on Friday not far below the \$55-a-barrel mark as traders worried time is running out to top up low heating oil inventories before winter.
Malignant Tax-Payers Almost a year has passed since the then-Yukos CEO Mikhail Khodorkovsky was jailed. Meanwhile, the oil giant he founded is about to lose its core asset, Yuganskneftegaz, that produces 60 per cent of all its oil.
Greenspan: US Can Weather Oil Cost Rise Record oil prices are unlikely to inflict the economic pain they did in the 1970s, Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan said on Friday, adding that he thought the world could adjust to higher-priced oil.
Apple Stock on Upward Momentum; Analysts Positive Much of the rise in the company #39;s stock yesterday was due to Apple #39;s outlook for the current holiday quarter. Apple said it expects to post a first-quarter profit of between 39 cents and 42 
Samsung enjoys strong profit despite flat phone growth In spite of a slowdown in cell-phone sales, Samsung Electronics Co. still roared to a 46-percent profit compared with the same period last year.
Nokia: profits slump despite market share recovery October 15, 2004 4:59 PM GMT (Datamonitor) - Nokia NOK.HE has used the formidable financial muscle it has built up as mobile handset market leader to engage in a vicious price war to build its market share.
Losses at Delta Renew Bankruptcy Speculation Delta Air Lines, which is struggling to avoid a bankruptcy filing, said today that it expected to lose as much as \$675 million for the third quarter, and that it was burning cash at a steep rate.
Pfizer #39;s Vioxx Problem NEW YORK - The withdrawal of the arthritis drug Vioxx two weeks ago was a disaster for Merck. But it also put rival Pfizer in a fix.
La Jolla Pharmaceutical Shares Plunge Shares of La Jolla Pharmaceutical Co. plunged more than 50 percent Friday after the Food and Drug Administration told the drug developer it needs to conduct another study of its lead drug candidate, a lupus treatment called Riquent, prior to approval.
Update 1: Sprint to Cut 700 Jobs, Expects Charge Sprint Corp., the telecommunications giant, said Friday it will cut 700 jobs in its business solutions division as it stops selling business long distance services outside of package deals.
United to seek more cuts from labor, elsewhere CHICAGO United Airlines says it will need even more labor cuts than anticipated to get out of bankruptcy. United told a bankruptcy court judge in Chicago today that it intends to start talks with unions next month on a new round of cost savings.
Judge approves US Airways financing deal, delays ruling on pay &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; A federal judge is expected to rule today whether US Airways Group Inc. will be permitted to impose a far-reaching 23 percent employee pay cut.
Intel Pulls Plug on 4-Gigahertz Chip In recent months, Intel delayed several chips and recalled other, defective ones. It overestimated demand, thereby causing an inventory glut.
Week in review: All eyes on iPod Apple Computer is the undisputed champion of the hard-drive music market, but competitors are gearing up for a shot at the title. The various versions of the iPod account for 92.
Conservationists Claim Victory at CITES Oct. 15, 2004 - Conservationists claimed victory at a global wildlife trade meeting on Thursday despite warnings that a cash crisis could hamper new hard-won measures to protect endangered species.
Broadband by Power Lines Moves Forward FCC clears the way for more companies to offer the alternative form of Net access. The US Federal Communications Commission this week cleared the way for power companies to roll out broadband over power line 
New IBM servers tout increased performance for enterprise needs OCTOBER 15, 2004 (COMPUTERWORLD) - IBM today unveiled two high-performance p5 servers in its eServer line. The new servers run Unix or Linux and are aimed at medium to large businesses.
NASA Says Switches May Have Caused Genesis Crash Problems with switches aboard NASA #39;s Genesis solar probe may have kept its parachute from opening, which led to the craft #39;s crash-landing in the Utah desert, the US space agency said.
PeopleSoft executive Gupta departs A PeopleSoft executive who oversaw the company #39;s products and its integration with JD Edwards departed from the company this week, a company representative confirmed Friday.
British ISPs must unmask downloaders update A British court has ordered Internet service providers to identify 28 people who are allegedly downloading music illegally.
ViewPoints: A new reckoning? In  quot;The Reckoning, quot; his masterful 1986 book on the US auto industry, the journalist David Halberstam criticized the Big Three automakers - General Motors, Ford and Chrysler - and their unionized workers for complacency and shortsightedness that he said 
Starbucks serves up CD-burning This priority retains its ranking at number five as more and more companies deploy Web Services to share business logic, data and processes with each other and with clients.
Muslims Log On to a Cyber Congregation As Muslims in many parts of the world mark the start of the holy month of Ramadan, streaming feed of the special evening prayers from the Grand Mosque in Mecca, Saudi Arabia, will be available on the Web in the next few weeks.
India outsourcing firms report surge in hiring OCTOBER 15, 2004 (COMPUTERWORLD) - In quarterly reports released this week, three big India-based offshore outsourcing companies detailed sharp increases in employee head count, clear evidence of growing demand for offshore services.
New dinosaur fossil dug up to give view of bird-like sleep A fossil unearthed in China may provide a first look at dinosaurs #39; bird-like sleep. Xu Xing, of the Chinese Academy of Sciences, and Mark Norell, of the American Museum of Natural History, said in a report 
Motorola pilots  #39;digital wallet #39; phone trials Motorola has teamed up with Mastercard to conduct US trials of technology that allows mobile phones to act as  quot;digital wallets quot;.
Report: IT Salaries Show Upward Trend, Outsourcing Overblown The lid on IT salaries is beginning to lift, and IT specialists should see gains of as much as 10 to 15 percent over the next three years, according to a new IT staff salaries study by the META Group.
NBA title is T-Macs next target Thats Tracy McGradys answer to questions about whether or not he will look to keep his scoring up despite joining Houston and Yao Ming.
Jennings gets early approval With the appointment of Ray Jennings as coach, the United Cricket Board of South Africa is hoping to bring about a change in fortune for the national side.
Football takes on added meaning at Navy Forty years is a long time. It #39;s a long time if you #39;re in the desert with Moses -- by Biblical reckoning, the first man to fail to ask for directions -- and it #39;s a long time 
Robinson named England boss Andy Robinson was handed the England head coach role for four years today and said he was looking forward to trying to retain the rugby World Cup won by predecessor Sir Clive Woodward.
Rossi all revved up DEJA vu at Phillip Island yesterday left Flying Doctor Valentino Rossi counting the hours to another world title and Australian star Troy Bayliss bouncing along the bitumen.
UPDATE 1-Loeb heading for title as Duval sets pace Citroen #39;s Sebastien Loeb remained on course to celebrate his first world title after the first leg of the French rally on Friday.
Renegades trying more conventional approach  quot;Well, quot; says Dallas Mavericks coach Don Nelson, laughing at the question before he even starts answering,  quot;you can #39;t stop people from talking.
Second seed Massu slumps to defeat VIENNA, Austria -- Olympic champion Nicolas Massu of Chile was beaten 6-4 6-3 by Italian Davide Sanguinetti in the quarter-finals of the CA Trophy.
Report: Israel set to collide with EU Confidential Israeli report also warns of country becoming a  #39;pariah state #39; like apartheid-era South Africa. Israel could one day become a  quot;pariah state quot; like apartheid-era South Africa.
Karzai leading in Afghanistan elections Early returns Friday from Afghanistan #39;s first presidential election put incumbent President Hamid Karzai in the lead, the Financial Times reported Friday.
Israel scales back Gaza offensive as Palestinians mark Ramadan JERUSALEM : Israel scaled back its vast operation in northern Gaza despite the deaths of four more Palestinians as tens of thousands of Muslims joined the first Friday prayers of Ramadan at Jerusalem #39;s Al Aqsa mosque.
Pakistanis Divided on President #39;s Failure to Give Up Military Post A new bill that would allow Pakistan #39;s president to continue serving as head of the military is generating controversy across the country.
Schroeder to meet European Commission chief BERLIN - German Chancellor Gerhard Schroeder will have talks next week with incoming European Commission President Jose Manuel Barroso, a government spokesman said Friday.
Feeling Their Pain The uphill battle the Red Sox face against the Yankees is nothing new to Boston fans.
Jackson Dunks Bryant Everybody is used to seeing Kobe Bryant and Shaquille O'Neal trade barbs, but Phil Jackson's indictment of Byrant is a stunner.
Greenspan says oil price agony milder than in 1970s WASHINGTON : Soaring oil prices should inflict less damage on US economic growth and inflation than the 1970s oil shock, Federal Reserve chairman Alan Greenspan revealed.
United hopes debt plan will fly United Airlines reached an agreement with creditors that, if approved, could eliminate \$450 million of debt. The agreement concerns \$600 million in municipal bond debt 
Aer Lingus redundancy deadline this evening Employees at Aer Lingus have until 5pm this afternoon to accept a voluntary redundancy package aimed at slashing the airline #39;s staff numbers by a third.
Intel Puts 4 GHz Processor on Back Burner Intel began to downplay so-called clock speed of processors within the past year, and other chipmakers followed suit, focusing on other advances such as dual-core, which essentially puts two 
FCC Clears Broadband over Power Lines Barriers The Federal Communications Commission (FCC) has cleared the way for Internet access over the same infrastructure that carries electricity to homes and businesses in America.
Investigators Find Preliminary Cause of Genesis Crash A design flaw in the reentry system of NASA #39;s Genesis space probe has been pinned as the most likely cause behind the spacecraft #39;s wild plunge into the Utah desert last month, investigators said Thursday.
Saudi to fight terrorists with prayers Saudi Arabia said Friday it has advised the nation #39;s imams they should condemn terrorism and terrorists in prayers during the holy fasting month of Ramadan.
Cards power way to victory First came the swing, then the launch and then the sound of 52,347 turning Busch Stadium into a deafening caldron. Then, having given the Cardinals an eighth-inning home run that 
Racing: Duval in charge as Ford set a flying pace in Corsica AJACCIO, France : Ford got their Rally of Corsica campaign off to a flying start when Francois Duval and Markko Martin threw down the challenge to world championship leader Sebastien Loeb by leading the way after the day #39;s four specials.
Chelios wants Gretzky as commissioner A day after blasting NHL commissioner Gary Bettman to the Detroit Free Press, Red Wings #39; defenceman Chris Chelios has come up with who he thinks is an ideal replacement.
Confessions of a British diplomat Should an ambassador speak out over human rights even if this upsets his or her own government? The question has been posed by the dismissal from his post as British ambassador to Uzbekistan 
8th-inning homers to Pujols, Rolen sink Astros The Astros hoped for a rainout Thursday night to better set up their aces Roger Clemens and Roy Oswalt in the National League Championship Series.
The IPod In Perspective That #39;s the number of music players that Apple Computer (nasdaq: AAPL - news - people ) said it sold in its most recent quarter.
WR Grace asks to delay reorganization WR Grace  amp; Co. Inc. said Friday it has asked for a delay in filing a reorganization plan in its bankruptcy case so it can continue to negotiate with creditors.
CRICKET: South Africa sacks cricket coach South Africa #39;s United Cricket Board today sacked national coach Eric Simons, weeks ahead of the two-Test tour of India beginning November 10.
Samsung Q3 sales, profits show strong growth Its net income during the June to September period was 2.69tr won (1.2bn), 46 up on the same period a year earlier. During the period, which is Samsung Electronics #39; fiscal third quarter, the company said 
FDA wants new study of lupus drug Federal regulators said yesterday that they won #39;t approve La Jolla Pharmaceutical #39;s experimental lupus drug without an additional human study to prove its benefits.
IBM #39;s Power5 beast takes on Sun, HP - and IBM Come November, customers will see the Power5-based p5-590 and p5-595 servers hit the market. The 32-way 590 is a direct replacement for the current Power4-based p690.
Genesis Crash Blamed on Installation Error NASA says the space capsule, built by Lockheed Martin, went down in the Utah desert because a crucial switch was put on backward. By John Johnson.
PeopleSoft executive departs com October 15, 2004, 8:48 AM PT. This fourth priority #39;s main focus has been enterprise directories as organizations spawn projects around identity infrastructure.
Opening an Age of Adventure? It has been more than three decades since that era of Hair-raising silliness has passed. The tie-dyes to die for (if they don #39;t kill you on first glance) have been exiled to episodes of 
Editorial: Relief for gastronomes Pity the poor epicure paying record prices for imported caviar, thanks to export limits on the ever-scarcer Caspian Sea delicacy. But take heart: CITES - the Convention on International Trade in Endangered 
India #39;s Wipro Rides on Outsourcing Wave Wipro Ltd., India #39;s third-largest software exporter, said Friday its net profit for the fiscal second quarter that ended September reached US\$84 million (euro 67.
Peacekeepers roll though Haitian capital amid fears of violence on &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; UN peacekeepers in armored vehicles rolled through nearly deserted streets Friday in Haiti #39;s capital, where shops were closed amid fears of violence on the 10th anniversary 
Greenspan Says Oil Prices Not Problem for Economy Greenspan noted that even with the recent surge, energy prices are still only three-fifths as high, after adjusting for inflation, as they were at their all-time peak in February 1981.
Airbus to Deliver as Many as 320 Planes in 2004, Forgeard Says Airbus SAS, the world #39;s biggest planemaker, expects to deliver as many as 320 aircraft this year, or 5 percent more than it forecast earlier, as demand from airlines picks up, said Chief Executive Noel Forgeard.
STOCKS TO WATCH SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW) --Among the companies whose shares are likely to see active trading in Friday #39;s session are Genuine Parts Co.
Sehwag #39;s century gives India advantage in second Test: Sports India, Cricket: Chennai, Oct 15 : Virender Sehwag scored a return-to-form seventh Test century Friday to give India the upper hand in the second cricket Test against Australia.
Ford duo keep leader Loeb at bay Ford duo Francois Duval and Markko Martin crept ahead of world championship leader Sebastien Loeb after day one of the Rally of Corsica.
Nokia #39;s fortunes improve in third quarter Nokia posted better-than-expected results for the third quarter yesterday, possibly marking a turnaround in the cellphone giant #39;s fortunes after it failed to pick up on the popularity of clamshell phones earlier.
UPDATE 2-Genuine Parts profit rises, shares up Genuine Parts Co. (GPC.N: Quote, Profile, Research) , a distributor of auto replacement and industrial parts, on Friday said third-quarter earnings rose sharply, pushing its stock up 9 percent.
Sprint To Cut 700 Jobs, Devalue Assets Sprint plans to accelerate efforts to get business customers to move to wireless and Internet services.  quot;This strategy plays to our strengths by advancing our broad portfolio of wireline and 
Backward chute switch probed NASA #39;s Genesis space capsule crashed in the Utah desert last month because a critical piece of equipment that was supposed to trigger the release of two parachutes was apparently installed backward, NASA officials said Thursday.
Court orders cos. to ID alleged pirates LONDON -- The High Court in London has ordered Internet service providers to hand over the names and addresses of 28 alleged music pirates to Britain #39;s trade body for the recording industry.
PeopleSoft sees the departure of another exec Within two weeks of the firing of chief executive officer Craig Conway, business applications supplier PeopleSoft has seen the departure of another top executive, Ram Gupta, senior vice-president of products and technology.
 #39;No experiments #39; for SpaceShipOne The team has turned down offers, including from the US government, to do scientific experiments on flights. Rutan says SpaceShipOne #39;s task will be to focus on test flights for the commercial passenger craft 
American #39;s victory will oust idle Mauresmo MOSCOW -- Lindsay Davenport will take over the No. 1 spot from Amelie Mauresmo when the rankings are released next week after reaching the Kremlin Cup quarterfinals with a 6-4, 6-2 win over Dinara Safina on Thursday.
FCC Approves Broadband Over Power Line Rules As part of its goal to promote access to broadband services for all Americans and to encourage new facilities based broadband platforms, the Federal Communications Commission today adopted changes to Part 15 of its rules to encourage the development of 
Burt Rutan: Building  #39;Tomorrowland #39; One Launch at a Time MOJAVE, California -- Nobody can claim that Burt Rutan, the innovative aerospace designer, doesn #39;t have his head in the cloudsand his eyes focused on the stars.
Chancellor Schrder invites Qathafi to visit Germany Since dismantling its weapons programs, Libya has been embraced by the West. Thursday saw Germany #39;s chancellor begin a two-day visit intended to strengthen economic ties between the countries.
United Seeks Additional Labor Cost Saving Bankrupt United Airlines (UALAQ.OB: Quote, Profile, Research) said on Friday it needs labor cost cuts on top of any gains from terminating employee pensions and expects to move toward voiding its labor contracts in early November.
Muslims mark start of Ramadan Friday prayers marked the start of Ramadan in the Middle East as millions of Muslims around the world began observance of the holy month of fasting and prayer.
Auburn Misses Out on National Title Hopes (AP) AP - The third-ranked Auburn Tigers will face No. 9 Virginia Tech on Jan. 3 in the Sugar Bowl, a matchup of conference champions that greatly exceeded expectations.
Greenspan says oil price agony milder than in 1970s (AFP) AFP - Soaring oil prices should inflict less damage on US economic growth and inflation than the 1970s oil shock, Federal Reserve chairman Alan Greenspan said.
Death Toll in Sudan's Darfur Reaches 70,000 - UN (Reuters) Reuters - A total of 70,000 people are estimated\to have died as a result of the conflict in Sudan's western\Darfur region, with hundreds still dying every day, a top U.N.\official said on Friday.
Greenspan: U.S. Can Weather Oil Cost Rise  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Record oil prices are unlikely to  inflict the economic pain they did in the 1970s, Federal  Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan said on Friday, adding that he  thought the world could adjust to higher-priced oil.
Cheney: Jobs Best Solution for Povery (AP) AP - Vice President Dick Cheney, asked Friday what he and President Bush would do to help the working poor, said "the best solution for poverty is a job" and contended their tax policies would help small businesses create more of them.
Treasuries Slide on Greenspan Oil View  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Treasury debt prices eased on Friday  as a startling jump in U.S. retail sales sparked concerns the  Federal Reserve would continue to raise interest rates steadily  into next year.
Insurance Stocks Tumble on Fraud Case Woe  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Shares of insurers and insurance  brokers fell sharply on Friday for a second straight day after  New York Attorney General Eliot Spitzer leveled fraud charges  against major industry players.
Pfizer Says Bextra, Heart Problems Linked  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Pfizer Inc. on Friday said two small  clinical trials showed heart bypass surgery patients taking  Bextra, an anti-inflammatory in the same class as the recently  withdrawn drug Vioxx, had a higher risk of stroke and heart  attack.
Zimbabwe Opposition Leader Acquitted of Treason  HARARE (Reuters) - Zimbabwe's opposition leader Morgan  Tsvangirai was acquitted on Friday of plotting to assassinate  President Robert Mugabe and seize power, a verdict he said may  boost prospects for national reconciliation.
Greenspan Says U.S. Can Weather Oil Prices Record oil prices are unlikely to inflict the economic pain they did in the 1970s, Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan said Friday, adding that he thought the world could adjust to higher-priced oil.
United to Seek More Concessions United Airlines said Friday it needs even more labor cuts than anticipated to get out of bankruptcy, raising the likelihood of a new round of wage and benefit reductions.
EU to appeal WTO sugar ruling  The EU is to appeal against a World Trade Organisation ruling that its sugar subsidies breach world trade rules.
Mugabe rival urges reconciliation Zimbabwe opposition leader Morgan Tsvangirai says his treason acquittal could help heal deep political divisions.
Hamza to face UK terror charges Muslim cleric Abu Hamza al-Masri is to face terrorism charges in the UK , which will take precedence over US extradition requests.
Burundi peace poll postponed Elections in Burundi, scheduled under a peace accord to take place by 1 November, are postponed.
Blair to talk terror with Musharraf Prime Minister Tony Blair will discuss the fight against terrorism and Middle East peace with Pakistan #39;s President Pervez Musharraf when they meet tomorrow, officials say.
US outlaws Zarqawi group The US imposes sanctions against the  militant group  in Iraq by terror suspect Abu Musab al-Zarqawi.
Citigroup's Diversification Is an Asset Unlike more focused companies, Citigroup finds success by diversifying its business.
Fastenal Quick to Please Investors The earnings information the company offers ranges as wide as its product line.
Get a Whiff of Inter Parfums Despite reporting record quarterly sales, growth rates still spell trouble.
Stocks Climb on Positive Retail Sales NEW YORK - Stocks moved mostly higher Friday as a stronger than expected retail sales report showed that higher oil prices aren't scaring consumers away from spending. Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan's positive comments on oil prices also encouraged investors...
Dali-Disney Collaboration Premieres NEW YORK - A narrow waisted, emerald-eyed brunette flits through a desert full of melting clocks and wacky perspectives, looking for her lover. Giant telephones levitate...
Germany Nabs Suspected al-Qaida Financier BERLIN - Authorites on Friday arrested a Syrian-German businessman who is wanted by Spain on charges he helped fund the al-Qaida terrorist network for years and who appeared in a wedding video at a mosque with some of the Sept. 11 hijackers, German officials said...
U.S. Pounds Fallujah As Ramadan Begins BAGHDAD, Iraq - U.S. warplanes pounded the insurgent stronghold of Fallujah, where residents were marking the first day of the holy month of Ramadan on Friday, a day after city leaders suspended peace talks and rejected the Iraqi government's demands to turn over terror mastermind Abu Musab al-Zarqawi...
FDA Orders Strong Antidepressant Warnings WASHINGTON - All antidepressants must carry a "black box" warning, the government's strongest safety alert, linking the drugs to increased suicidal thoughts and behavior among children and teens taking them, the Food and Drug Administration said Friday.    Because the warnings are primarily seen by doctors, the agency also is creating a medication guide for patients to advise them of the risk...
Stocks Climb on Positive Retail Sales NEW YORK - Stocks moved higher Friday as a stronger than expected retail sales report showed that higher oil prices aren't scaring consumers away from spending.    Wall Street had worried that soaring oil and gasoline prices would prompt consumers to spend less...
Kerry, Bush Both Headed to Midwest John Kerry on Friday prepared to deliver the first in a series of speeches that aides describe as his "closing arguments" in Milwaukee, the first stop of a daylong drive through Wisconsin. President Bush was also campaigning in the Midwest on Friday, heading to Iowa and Wisconsin after more than a weeklong swing that included stops in Missouri and Arizona for the last two debates...
Greenspan: Oil Price Surge Not Big Issue WASHINGTON - This year's surge in energy prices is likely to have far less of an impact on the economy than the oil shocks of the 1970s, Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan said Friday.    Greenspan predicted that the global economy will adjust to the recent surge in prices, which has seen oil topping \$50 per barrel, by boosting energy exploration and production and by increasing fuel efficiency...
FDA Orders Strong Antidepressant Warnings WASHINGTON - All antidepressants must carry a "black box" warning, the government's strongest safety alert, linking the drugs to increased suicidal thoughts and behavior among children and teens taking them, the Food and Drug Administration said Friday.    Because the warnings are primarily seen by doctors, the agency also is creating an information guide for patients to advise them of the risk...
Egyptian students could face charges Hours after a high-profile prisoner swap Sunday, the families of six Egyptian students released from an Israeli prison waited anxiously for their return, denying that their children had done anything illegal.
Spitzer Goes After Insurance Industry Eliot Spitzer #39;s filed a complaint against Marsh  amp; McLennan in State Supreme Court in Manhattan Thursday, alleging that the insurance broker received payments from companies to reward it for steering business their way.
Sprint will 700 Stellen im Verkauf und Support streichen Overland Park, 15.10.04 - Sprint Corporation announced it will record in its third quarter financial results a pre-tax non-cash impairment charge reducing the value of its long-distance network assets.
McManus, Magnier turn down Glazer approach Irish billionaire businessmen JP McManus and John Magnier, who own almost 29 per cent of Manchester United, have turned down an approach from American sports franchise tycoon Malcolm Glazer to take over the club.
Penny for Your Thoughts A  tiny 100 electrode chip was implanted in a 24-year-old quadriplegic's brain in June of this year. He's now able to send email and play videogames using only his thoughts. The whole package is dubbed BrainGate.
Wobbly footballs and electronic pants &lt;strong&gt;Letters&lt;/strong&gt; A typical haul from the postbag...
Policewoman sued over film piracy A policewoman in Los Angeles is being sued by the US film industry after allegedly selling pirate DVDs.
Worries Persist Over U.S. Electronic Voting  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Florida officials will not worry  about hanging chads when voters make their choice in November's  presidential election but they'll be on the lookout for  software glitches, hackers and other less visible plagues.
Microsoft's Halo 2 Video Game Leaked on Internet  SEATTLE (Reuters) - Halo 2, the sequel to Microsoft Corp.'s  &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=MSFT.O qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;MSFT.O&lt;/A&gt; best-selling game for its Xbox video console, has  leaked onto the Internet nearly four weeks before its planned  sale, the world's largest software maker said on Friday.
Web Safety Group Launches Anti-Spyware Campaign A prominent Internet safety organization and leading computer-maker Dell Inc. launched a campaign Friday to help consumers fend off "spyware," software that can cause sluggish computer performance or popup ads and secretly monitor the activities of Internet users.
British Court Orders ISP to Identify Alleged Pirates The High Court in London has ordered Internet service providers to hand over the names and addresses of 28 alleged music pirates to Britain's trade body for the recording industry.
Bioterror Defense Strategy Frustrates Industry When President Bush signed Project BioShield into law in July, he said he was immediately making \$5.6 billion available to counter such anticipated threats as smallpox genetically engineered to render current vaccines useless.
Sprint to Record 3Q Charge, Cut Jobs Telecommunications company Sprint Corp. on Friday said it will record an unspecified third-quarter impairment charge that will reduce the value of its long-distance network assets, and will realign its sales efforts in a plan that will cut up to 700 jobs in its Sprint Business Solutions division.
Advice to Microsoft: Learn to love Linux Business guru tells Microsoft to invest in Linux for handhelds or risk missing out on the next big thing in software sales.\
Courtroom courtship for Oracle and PeopleSoft? news analysis Delaware trial turns into a mating ritual of sorts, as the companies quibble over money.
PeopleSoft executive Gupta departs Ram Gupta, who was an executive vice president, leaves the company after a four-year stint. PeopleSoft is mum on the details.
PalmSource settles Digeo patent suit The software developer will become a licensee of the Digeo technology in the case.
Olympus flashes music player-camera combo The Japanese giant unveils a portable music player that can function as a camera as well as a tiny device similar to the iPod Mini.
Photo 2 of 2: End (table) game for Microsoft Wood paneling and chrome dominate one of two sample designs for a new style of Media Center PC, commissioned by Microsoft's eHome division from One   Co.
Photo 1 of 2: End (table) game for Microsoft Wood paneling and chrome dominate one of two sample designs for a new style of Media Center PC, commissioned by Microsoft's eHome division from One   Co.
Tasman adds new router to lineup Tasman Networks has introduced a new entry-level WAN access router and security device. The Tasman 1001 also includes new features added to a new version of the company's operating system, including multicast routing, IPSec VPN, firewall, and an integrated Web-based GUI.
IM boosts health care company Because of its geographically dispersed staff and high percentage of telecommuting employees, Intellicare Inc., which operates health-related call centers, has drawn big benefits from implementing an instant messaging platform.
Phishing attacks may be coming from your computer Most phishing attempts come from about 1,000 compromised "zombie" computers owned by broadband customers, and the phishing attacks are likely generated by less than five phishing operations, according to a survey by CipherTrust Inc.
Oracle warns of exploits for latest DB flaws Oracle Corp. is warning customers to apply software patches it released in August, citing the availability of malicious code that can exploit unpatched vulnerabilities in its software.
Broadband by Power Lines Moves Forward FCC clears the way for more companies to offer the alternative form of Net access.
Phone company to cut 700 jobs OVERLAND PARK, Kan. Sprint plans to cut 700 jobs in its business solutions division. It will also take a charge against earnings in its third quarter to reflect a decline in value of its long-distance assets.
Netflix shares dive on strategy shift Shares of Netflix Inc. plunged 40.2 percent before the bell Friday, the morning after the online DVD rental company said it would charge a lower subscription fee as of Nov. 1. On Thursday, Netflix cut its 
Dell Pocket DJ and DJ 20 GB Released Dell yesterday unveiled their new portable Mp3 players, the Dell DJ 20GB for \$249 and the Pocket DJ 5GB for \$199. Both units will be available beginning November in the USA.
IBM unveils high-end Power5 i5 server IBM on Friday unveiled the latest in its line of next-generation iSeries servers, the most powerful one to date, in its i5 line of systems based on the Power5 chip.
Microsoft #39;s Halo 2 Video Game Leaked on Internet Halo 2, the sequel to Microsoft Corp. #39;s MSFT.O best-selling game for its Xbox video console, has leaked onto the Internet nearly four weeks before its planned sale, the world #39;s largest software maker said on Friday.
Olympus flashes music player-camera combo com October 15, 2004, 10:55 AM PT. Japanese camera giant Olympus this week unveiled a portable hard drive music player that can also function as a camera.
Glazer increases stake in United to 25 percent Tampa Bay Buccaneers owner Malcolm Glazer increased his stake in Manchester United to 25.5 percent Friday as he pursues a possible takeover of the world #39;s richest soccer club.
Sports Briefs : Sports Briefs TENNIS Lindsay Davenport regained the No. 1 ranking for the first time since 2002 by defeating Dinara Safina, 6-4, 6-2, in the second round of the Kremlin Cup in Moscow.
Yao: China not ready to learn from NBA Houston Rockets #39; center Yao Ming gave no push to the development of the Chinese basketball though the NBA could be one of the best textbooks for China.
Sammer returns to Dortmund with an in-form Stuttgart squad Stuttgart, Germany (Sports Network) - Matthias Sammer brings a resurgent Stuttgart club against Dortmund this weekend. Sammer has helped Stuttgart to second in the Bundesliga table with 17 points and no losses after seven matches.
Zimbabwe Opposition Leader Acquitted of Treason Charges The leader of Zimbabwe #39;s largest opposition party was acquitted of treason charges Friday by a High Court in Harare. The judge said their was not enough credible evidence to convict the politician, Morgan Tsvangirai.
Britain's Khan on Course to Win Mallorca Classic  PULA, Mallorca, Spain (Reuters) - Britain's Simon Khan is  on course for a second win of the season after taking the lead  in the Mallorca Classic second round Friday.
Googles GMail Resembling Desktop Mail Client Google's GMail Resembling Desktop Mail Client\\The more I use GMail and Google keeps on enhancing this webmail service, the more I look at it as a replacement to desktop mail clients. I have been using GMail for my personal mails and I cannot hide the fact that I am loving ...
Desktop Search from AOL, Google   Others Desktop Search from AOL, Google  #038; Others\\Search engines, portals and browser systems are trying to get off of the Internet and your desktop and into your hard drives, email, and private files. By taking advantage of a basically lame Windows Search tool used by Microsoft since the dawn of MS ...
Search Engines and Block Analysis with Image Retrieval Search Engines and Block Analysis with Image Retrieval\\What are some of the methods to combat the issues with linkage data, that search engines often depend upon for ranking one page over the next? If you're reading this, you most probably know all too well about how sites exchange links with ...
US Airways Gets Approval to Cut Pay A bankruptcy judge granted US Airways authority Friday to immediately cut the pay of its union workers by 21 percent, saying the airline's situation is so dire that urgent action must be taken.
News: Four charged in landmark UK phishing case Four eastern Europeans appeared in a London court yesterday charged with defrauding online banks of hundreds of thousands through an elaborate 'phishing' scam.\
News: 6m South Koreans exposed in slam and spam scam South Korean police want to question 15 mobile phone workers and brokers over allegations they traded the personal information of an estimated six million people in the northeast Asian country.\
US Airways Permitted to Cut Workers Pay by 21 Percent A bankruptcy judge granted US Airways authority today to immediately cut the pay of its union workers by 21 percent, saying the airline's situation is so dire that urgent action must be taken.
Trump Does Seventh Avenue Apprentice contestants take it to the catwalk in the cutthroat apparel business.
Sprint announces additional 700 job cuts NEW YORK, October 15 (newratings.com) - The US-based telecom giant, Sprint Corporation (FON.NYS), has announced its plans for additional 700 job cuts in its Sprint Business Solutions (SBS) division.
Delta warns it will post a big loss In a filing to the Securities and Exchange Commission, Delta Air Lines warned Friday that next week #39;s third quarter earnings report will include a bigger loss than it predicted earlier.
Microsoft #39;s Strategy: Be Apple Tuesday, Microsoft (Nasdaq: MSFT) announced a strategy of bringing digital entertainment to users in the home, at the office, or on the go.
Faulty Switch Installation Blamed for NASA Genesis Crash After re-entering the earth #39;s atmosphere, Genesis plunged straight down into the ground, leaving no chance for the helicopters that were supposed to snatch it from the air.
Paris Weighs Shift to Linux from Microsoft International Data Corp. said growth in demand for Linux servers in Europe is expected to almost double by 2008. Microsoft is fighting back by cutting prices and through publicity campaigns 
How long has this been going on? Notre Dame has beaten Navy in football in every way, shape and form the last 40 years. The Irish have won in blowouts (41-0 in 1989) and squeakers (27-24 last season).
Cleric Charged in Jakarta Hotel Attack Militant Muslim cleric Abu Bakar Bashir is escorted from prison after being re-arrested at the end of his 18-month sentence for minor immigration offenses in this file photo from April 30, 2004, in Jakarta, Indonesia.
The week in iPod Apple is the undisputed champion of the hard-drive music market, but competitors are gearing up for a shot at the title.
Yukos unit to be sold for knockdown \$4 bn The Russian government yesterday night appeared to be preparing to sell the main asset of Yukos, the countrys embattled oil company, for as little as \$4 billion - a fraction of its fair value -n a move analysts branded as daylight robbery 
Haiti bracing for more violence Port-Au-Prince - Young gangsters rampaged through a neighbourhood blocks from the presidential National Palace, torching cars and firing in the air in what many expect is a prelude to another fearsomely violent day in Haiti #39;s capital.
SOMALIA: New government gets African diplomatic recognition NAIROBI, 15 October (IRIN) - Eastern and central African leaders said on Friday they would recognise  quot;with immediate effect quot; the new government in Somalia, which will be led by the newly elected President Abdullahi Yusuf Ahmed and urged the UN to send a 
Karzai Leads, 99 Pct of Afghan Votes to Be Counted  KABUL (Reuters) - With 99 percent of the votes still to be  counted in Afghanistan's presidential election, incumbent Hamid  Karzai has taken a lead many observers expect him to retain  right to the end of a marathon count.
U.S. Stocks Rebound on Retail Sales  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks rose on Friday as a  bigger-than-expected jump in September retail sales offset the  impact of falling insurance company shares.
Sunday Halloween Irks Some in Bible Belt NEWNAN, Ga. - Across the Bible Belt this Halloween, some little ghosts and goblins might get shooed away by the neighbors - and some youngsters will not be allowed to go trick-or-treating at all - because the holiday falls on a Sunday this year...
US Airways Gets OK to Cut Workers' Pay ALEXANDRIA, Va. - A bankruptcy judge granted US Airways authority Friday to immediately cut the pay of its union workers by 21 percent through mid-February, saying the airline's situation is so dire that urgent action must be taken...
6 Reasons to Love Rambus The company's revenue and earnings are just two reasons to like this stock.
The week in...iPod Apple is the undisputed champion of the hard-drive music market, but competitors are gearing up for a shot at the title.
Picture this: iPods at play, PCs as furniture photo galleries Music player is a must-have, much-loved accessory. Will fanciful Media Center PCs fare as well?
Update 3: US Airways Gets OK to Cut Workers #39; Pay A bankruptcy judge granted US Airways authority Friday to immediately cut the pay of its union workers by 21 percent through mid-February, saying the airline #39;s situation is so dire that urgent action must be taken.
Greenspan comments on oil prices Alan Greenspan says oil prices will have to rise a lot more before they have a serious impact on the American economy. The Chairman of the US Federal Reserve Board told a Washington audience the impact of 
EU wants WTO talks on Boeing-Airbus BRUSSELS: The European Union asked the US government on Friday to hold talks at the WTO on a trade row involving aviation giants Boeing and Airbus at the end of this month, an official said.
ATA announces layoffs ATA Airlines is laying off 156 employees. Company spokeswoman Erica Keane isn #39;t commenting on reports that the Indianapolis-based ATA is trying to sell all or part of its holdings.
Microsoft Renews Push Into Entertainment Products Microsoft Corp. (MSFT.O: Quote, Profile, Research) on Tuesday unveiled a new version of its Windows XP Media Center, along with an array of new devices and services 
Senior UN health official slams international community over &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; GENEVA, Oct 15 (AFP) -- A senior World Health Organisation (WHO) official sharply criticised the shortfall in international aid for Sudan #39;s strife-torn region of Darfur, despite the amount of political and media attention devoted to the crisis.
Poland to cut Iraq troops in early  #39;05 Poland will cut its troops in Iraq early next year and won #39;t stay in the country  quot;an hour longer quot; than needed, the country #39;s prime minister said Friday.
Jet struck runway, broke in two, probe confirms Investigators probing the deadly crash of a Boeing 747 cargo jet at Halifax International Airport are refusing to speculate on what may have caused the plane #39;s tail to scrape the runway before breaking off.
Israel pulling back  #39;for Ramadan #39; Israel has begun redeploying its forces in the northern Gaza Strip as a gesture to Palestinians at the start of the Muslim holy month of Ramadan.
Britain fires its Uzbek ambassador Great Britain has dismissed its ambassador to Uzbekistan after months of the diplomat #39;s speaking out against the Asian nation #39;s poor human rights record.
Davis joya for Moya CARLOS MOYA was hurled into the air by jubilant team-mates after clinching the Davis Cup for Spain yesterday. Moya beat American Andy Roddick 6-2 7-6 7-6 to give the home side an unbeatable 
Israel Ends Deadly Northern Gaza Offensive  GAZA (Reuters) - The Israeli army pulled out of Palestinian  areas in northern Gaza on Friday, ending a massive 16-day  offensive that has killed more than 100 Palestinians.
Pilgrims Flock to Honor Mexican Idiot Savant Saint  EL ESPINAZO, Mexico (Reuters) - Thousands of barefoot  penitents walked, rolled and even shuffled on all fours to a  desert shrine in northern Mexico on Friday to pay homage to a  long-dead healer hailed as an idiot savant saint.
New Warnings Ordered on Antidepressants Used by Children The F.D.A. concluded that the use of antidepressants could increase thoughts of suicide among children.
Google Desktop Search app lets you  #39;google #39; your Windows PC OCTOBER 15, 2004 (COMPUTERWORLD) - Google Inc. is bringing its proven search capabilities to a Windows XP- or Windows 2000-equipped computer near you, helping users to catalog most of the files and content 
Russia said eyeing Yukos bargain sale Russia appears ready to sell the main asset of Yukos, the country #39;s embattled oil company, for \$4 billion, a fraction of its worth, reports say.
Samsung Q3 Income Up 46 Percent Samsung #39;s net income rose to US\$2.34 billion from \$1.60 billion last year. Sales gained 27.4 percent to \$12.9 billion from \$9.
Nokia #39;s price cutting gets good reception MOBILE phone giant Nokia has reported a drop in third-quarter profits after cutting handset prices to win back market share, but said sales had picked up.
Chiron Says Wills Resigns From Board Chiron Corp. said Friday that Richard Wills has resigned from the company #39;s board, effective immediately, after just five weeks as a director.
British Bankers Can Be Extradited to US, Judge Rules A judge ruled today that three British bankers can be extradited to the United States to face wire fraud charges related to off-balance sheet dealings with the Enron energy group.
Pfizer warns on arthritis drug Bextra NEW YORK, OCTOBER 15 : PFIZER Inc. on Friday said two clinical trials showed patients taking its anti-inflammatory drug Bextra, had a higher risk of cardio-vascular events during high-risk coronary bypass surgery.
UPDATE 1-Police probe Royal Group fraud allegations Three Royal Group Technologies (RYG.TO: Quote, Profile, Research) (RYG.N: Quote, Profile, Research) executives, including the company #39;s founder and its chief executive, may have defrauded shareholders and creditors, Canadian 
Radio operators OK rules on Net over power lines Amateur radio operators expressed cautious optimism about new rules for the transmission of broadband Internet access over power lines.
Faulty parachute linked to Genesis crash NASA says a poorly designed parachute is the likely reason its space probe, Genesis, came crashing back to earth last week, losing much of its cargo of solar dust.
Halo 2 Released Early But... Those looking the obtain the most anticipated movie, album or game before anyone else have sought such information on various Internet mediums.
Gupta Out, Swete In At PeopleSoft It #39;s out with the new and in with the oldat least at PeopleSoft, Pleasanton, Calif. Just two weeks after the ouster of CEO Craig Conway, Ram Gupta, PeopleSoft executive vice president of product and technology, has also left the building.
Microsoft Preps Previews of SQL Server 2005 Microsoft Corp. on Friday said it will release previews of the next version of SQL Server leading up to the release of the next beta of the technology, expected in the first quarter of next year.
Users buoyed by monthly patch releases OCTOBER 15, 2004 (COMPUTERWORLD) - Microsoft Corp. #39;s move to a monthly patch-release cycle one year ago this month has made it easier to install security updates for Windows and other products, IT managers said this week -- even as they were greeted with 
One Thousand Words on PSP October 15, 2004 - Yet another PSP-related interview has appeared over in Japan. This time, the interviewer is Japanese site Impress GameWatch.
Hurricane aid covers NASA repair funds A hurricane disaster relief package approved last week includes money for fixing communications equipment at NASA #39;s Kennedy Space Center.
Can Arroyo help Red Sox finally get a win? Curt Schilling and Pedro Martinez couldn #39;t bring the Boston Red Sox a win against the New York Yankees in the first two games of the AL championship series.
Els halfway to sixth title at World Match Play Surrey, England (Sports Network) - Ernie Els battled to a 1-up win Friday in the quarterfinals of the HSBC World Match Play Championship to move closer to his sixth title at this event.
NBA brings its game to Beijing BEIJING The NBA has reached booming, basketball-crazy China _ but the league doesn #39;t expect to make any money soon. The NBA flew more than 100 people halfway around the world for its first games in China, featuring 
Rossi heads Australian GP Motorsport.com. Valentino Rossi faces the real possibility of being able to wrap up his MotoGP title defense at this weekend #39;s Australian GP at the Phillip Island circuit.
Redskins #39; Arrington out for Sunday Ashburn, VA (Sports Network) - Washington Redskins star linebacker LaVar Arrington will miss his fourth straight game after having right knee surgery last month.
Jaguars lose other defensive end for season JACKSONVILLE, Fla. -- The Jacksonville Jaguars now have lost both starting defensive ends for the season. The Jaguars placed Lionel Barnes on injured reserve Friday with a shoulder injury.
Phillies to keep Wagner, Rodriguez The Philadelphia Phillies Friday picked up the options on two pitchers, including closer Billy Wagner. Under the terms of his contract, Wagner, 33, will be paid \$9,000,000 next season.
Hester: Many happy returns The Suncoast grad turns a punt into a score for the third time this season. MIAMI - Whenever Devin Hester touches the ball, he not only knows a big play is possible, he expects it.
In Ramadan message: Hamas calls for unity against Israel The Islamic Resistance Movement (Hamas) congratulated the Palestinian people and the Muslim nation on Friday at the start of the holy month of Ramadan.
Board: Recording insufficient to reopen probe into prince #39;s &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; READING, England A teacher says Britain #39;s Prince Harry admitted cheating on an art exam, and she #39;s got a tape recording that proves it.
Five Nations Win Seats on UN Security Council Argentina, Denmark, Greece, Japan and Tanzania on Friday won coveted two-year terms on the UN Security Council at a time when pressure is mounting to expand the powerful 15-nation body.
 #39;Blog #39; is most popular search term on dictionary site NEW YORK -  quot;Blog quot; is now the most popular search word in the online version of the Merriam-Webster dictionary. Its frequent lookup paralleled its growth on the political scene this year as keepers of Web logs 
Judge: Oracle, PeopleSoft Drawn Closer The trial pitting software giant Oracle Corp. (ORCL.O: Quote, Profile, Research) against unwilling takeover target PeopleSoft Inc.
Backward drawings may have doomed Genesis The NASA spacecraft that smashed into the Utah desert last month while bringing home fragile samples of the sun may have been doomed by engineering drawings that had been done backwards, an investigating board said Friday.
Arrington, Hall out for Sunday #39;s game Washington Redskins linebacker LaVar Arrington and kicker John Hall were ruled out for Sunday #39;s game against the Chicago Bears.
Crude reaches another record, settling near \$55 As October wears on and Halloween draws near, the oil and stock markets are getting more and more spooked. Crude oil hit another record Thursday, settling at \$54.
Juniper Clipped Juniper Networks (Nasdaq: JNPR) remains stunted this morning even after an earnings report that shows triple-digit growth rates for both revenues and earnings.
Els moves into semis at World Match Play Ernie Els scored tight victories over Scott Drummond and Angel Cabrera Friday to stay on course for a record sixth World Match Play title.
Shots at demo heighten Haiti tensions PORT-AU-PRINCE, Oct 15 (AFP) - Haitis strife-torn capital came to a standstill on Friday in a protest after two weeks of deepening violence that have left about 30 people dead.
Genuine Parts Adds up to Success With the world so focused on the rising price of a barrel of light crude oil, it #39;s a wonder that people even get into their cars and drive around anymore.
Radio operators OK Net over power lines rules com October 15, 2004, 12:37 PM PT. Wired  amp; Wireless continues its reign at the top spot among IT priorities due to widespread IP telephony and wireless deployment.
IBM Announces New P5 Servers That Can Run Linux The up to 64-way eServer p5 595 will be the new flagship of the product line with nearly three times the commercial performance and double the capacity of its predecessor.
Dell adds plasma TVs, printers to lineup NEW YORK _ Dell Inc. ventured deeper into consumer electronics Thursday, adding plasma televisions to its growing lineup of home-entertainment products.
Grace Park, Birdiepalooza Birdie queen Grace Park (Park Ji-eun, Nike Golf) has the perfect chance to blow away her one win per season jinx. On October 15, during the first round of the Samsung World Championship (total 
Hall may not have kicks coming Washington Redskins kicker John Hall strained his right groin during practice yesterday, jeopardizing his availability for Sunday #39;s game at Chicago.
A Day With The Patch Patrol InformationWeek takes a behind-the-scenes look at patch-management software maker Shavlik Technologies the day Microsoft unleashes a flood of security patches.
Sip and Burn at Starbucks Starbucks has not addressed an important question regarding its  #39;Hear Music #39; service: Do HP Tablet PCs, crumbly scones and hot liquid go together?
Venus Williams Upset in Kremlin Cup Venus Williams of the US returns a shot during a match against Elena Bovina of Russia at the Kremlin Cup tennis tournament in Moscow #39;s Olympic Indoor stadium on Friday, Oct. 15, 2004.
Pfizer says Bextra #39;s risks worse than disclosed Pfizer Inc. said its arthritis drug Bextra, which is in the same drug class as Mercks just-recalled Vioxx medication, has more severe risks than previously disclosed.
US embassy in Haiti closed to mark day of reflection The US embassy in Haiti was closed on Friday to mark a national call for an end to violence inthe strife-torn country, State Department spokesman Richard Boucher said at a news briefing.
70,000 have died in Darfur camps: WHO GENEVA - At least 70,000 people have died since March as a result of poor conditions in refugee camps in Sudan #39;s Darfur, the United Nations health agency said Friday.
Jet broke up, burst into flames Cape Town - Three of seven crew, who died when a cargo plane crashed in Halifax, Canada, lived in South Africa. Four of the dead crew members were British nationals, two living in South Africa and two in Zimbabwe.
UK ISPs ordered to reveal file-sharers identities The High Court yesterday ordered ISPs to reveal the identities of 28 file-swappers sued by the British Phonographic Industry last week, handing the music industry first blood in its crackdown against file-sharing.
Yukos to cut output at Yugansk unit, plant may be sold at 60 &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; MOSCOW: Shares of Russian oil major Yukos fell on Friday after the firm said it would trim output at its main Yugansk unit and a paper reported the unit could be sold for a fraction of what analysts say it is worth.
Chiron: Richard Wills Resigns from Board Flu vaccine maker Chiron Corp. (CHIR.O: Quote, Profile, Research) on Friday announced that Richard Wills has resigned from the company #39;s board of directors, effective immediately.
Oracle v. PeopleSoft Trial Closes All eyes are on a Delaware Chancery Court judge now that Oracle #39;s lawsuit against PeopleSoft closed Friday. The two-weeks #39; worth of testimony centered on Oracle #39;s request that PeopleSoft (Quote, Chart) remove its Customer Assurance Program (CAP).
Redskins Report Linebacker LaVar Arrington participated in his first practice Wednesday since undergoing knee surgery on Sept. 21, and says he expects the Redskins to allow him to play Sunday against Chicago.
Khan leads at Mallorca Open MALLORCA, Spain (Ticker) - Simon Khan has a three-shot lead midway through the Mallorca Classic after a last-hole lapse by Sergio Garcia.
Tsvangirai acquittal a victory: MDC Zimbabwe #39;s Movement for Democratic Change has hailed the acquittal of its leader Morgan Tsvangirai on treason charges as a victory for the people of that country.
Top three seeded players ousted in CA Trophy quarterfinals The top three seeded players were eliminated in the quarterfinals of the CA Trophy on Friday, and American Robby Ginepri also was ousted.
Sehwag shines, Warne creates history Chennai, Oct. 15. - Virender Sehwag is happy to score a century, rather relieved to be back in form. It was tough coming out of a lean phase and be back in form.
Tigers claim contracts of Gettis, Wise off waivers The Tigers on Friday said they claimed the contracts of outfielders Byron Gettis and DeWayne Wise off waivers. Gettis, 24, batted .
WORLD BRIEFS PRINCE NAMED CAMBODIAN KING. Cambodian King Norodom Sihanouk #39;s son, a former ballet dancer, was officially confirmed yesterday to succeed his father on the throne.
Tek CEO quits Chiron board Rick Wills, CEO of Beaverton-based Tektronix Inc., has resigned from embattled biotechnology company Chiron Corp. #39;s board of directors after serving on it only one month.
Pfizer Says Bextra, Heart Problems Linked Pfizer Inc. on Friday said two small clinical trials showed heart bypass surgery patients taking Bextra, an anti-inflammatory in the same class as the recently withdrawn 
Hedge fund managers seek safety in corporate arms Hedge fund managers are famously independent, often having quit the corporate world to escape bosses and bureaucracy. But as the hedge fund industry #39;s assets 
Stocks End Higher; Oil Curbs Gains US stocks advanced on Friday as a jump in September retail sales boosted investor confidence in the economy, but oil prices at a fresh record of \$55 a barrel kept gains in check.
FCC Adopts Rules for Broadband over Power Lines Many telecommunications officials and some FCC officials cite BPL as a reason for deregulation. They say that three wired choices, plus wireless offerings, would guarantee that no company could gain monopoly power.
SADC Trio to Hunt Black Rhino THE parties to the Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species (Cites) have granted Namibia, Swaziland and South Africa permission to hunt five of the once highly endangered black rhino population annually for sustainable utilisation of the 
Paris considers Linux move The city of Paris intends to reduce its dependence on software suppliers with  quot;de facto monopolies quot;, but considers an immediate switch of its 17,000 desktops to open-source software too costly.
Redskins might be without kicker Hall on Sunday Washington Redskins kicker John Hall strained his right groin during practice Thursday, his third leg injury of the season. Hall will be held out of practice Friday and is questionable for Sunday #39;s game against the Chicago Bears.
Jags lose another defensive lineman for season JACKSONVILLE, Fla. - The Jacksonville Jaguars now have lost both starting defensive ends for the season. The Jags placed Lionel Barnes on injured reserve Friday with a shoulder injury.
Team exercises Wagner #39;s \$9 million option The Phillies exercised an option Friday for Wagner that will pay him \$9 million next season. Had Philadelphia not exercised the option, Wagner would have been owed a \$3 million buyout and would have been eligible to file for free agency.
Tennis: Roddick, Hewitt, Moya and Federer to be missing from &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; MADRID : The Madrid Masters tournament is in danger of being dubbed the master-less series after three of the world #39;s most exciting players joined the event #39;s growing absentees list.
NALBANDIAN JUMPS INTO LAST EIGHT After a death-defying bungee jump, David Nalbandian sprang into the quarter-finals of the BA-CA Tennis Trophy on Thursday with a straight-sets victory over Stefan Koubek of Austria, 6-2 7-6 (8/6).
FCC OKs Broadband over Power Lines Yesterday #39;s decision by the Federal Communications Commission to remove barriers to the delivery of broadband services over power lines may give consumers a third broadband option.
Starbucks Expands Digital-Music Service Starbucks is opening a series of  quot;music bars, quot; where customers can listen to digital recordings and burn their own CDs. The  quot;Hear Music quot; coffeehouses will open in 15 Starbucks stores in Seattle starting Monday.
RAMADAN BEGINS The holy month of Ramadan is a special month. For over one billion Muslims worldwide, it is a time of inner reflection and devotion to God.
Group, Dell Launch Anti-Spyware Campaign (AP) AP - A prominent Internet safety organization and leading computer-maker Dell Inc. launched a campaign Friday to help consumers fend off "spyware," software that can cause sluggish computer performance or popup ads and secretly monitor the activities of Internet users.
British Court Orders IDs of Downloaders (AP) AP - The High Court in London has ordered Internet service providers to hand over the names and addresses of 28 alleged music pirates to Britain's trade body for the recording industry.
Google's Search For Dominance (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - Google Inc. unveiled a new search tool yesterday that's capable of scanning both the Internet and the files on a personal computer, beating Microsoft Corp. out of the gates and significantly raising the stakes in the search-engine wars.
Has Your PC Gone Phishing? (PC World) PC World - Study shows most attacks come from exploited PCs beloging to DSL or cable customers.
All-Girl Swedish Team Tackles Video Games (AP) AP - At first glance, Les Seules might look like an all-girl rock band  #151; complete with sassy attitudes and fawning male groupies  #151; but the Swedish septuplet doesn't play instruments. They play competitive video games.
Caribbean Splash (Forbes.com) Forbes.com - Jeffrey Prosser, owner and head of Innovative Communication, spent his 48th birthday this September in Washington, D.C. working with  #36;500-an-hour lawyers to stave off a pack of creditors and regulators who are ready to have him tarred and feathered. "Yuck," he says, with an exaggerated shudder. He would have been happier in the U.S. Virgin Islands. That's the base from which he has built a constellation of telephone, newspaper, banking, cellular phone and cable TV assets with cunning, moxie and other people's money. Or in Palm Beach, Fla. ...
Who's Profiting from Open Source? (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - IBM (NYSE: IBM), Sun Microsystems (Nasdaq: SUNW) and other technology companies recently "donated" portions of their software to the open-source community. But those donations are not motivated by corporate generosity; there are tactics and strategies behind these moves.
PayPal Overcomes Glitches (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - PayPal (Nasdaq: PYPL) says it has recovered from the software glitches that disrupted the online payment service starting Friday, October 8th.
Mobility #8217;s end game (InfoWorld) InfoWorld - It #8217;s like the browser wars all over again: Two vendors are battling to win the hearts, minds, and debit cards of users and developers. The browser wars were really platform wars, based on the assumption that the browser would be the nexus through which users would access data inside and outside their company #8217;s walls. The battle hymn is sounding once more, only this time it #8217;s a ring tone. I #8217;ll get to the connection between the browser wars and the enterprise mobility race at the end.
Dell Gets in Line To Take on iPod (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - Dell (Nasdaq: DELL) wants a big piece of global sales of MP3 players and has launched a new device to take market share from Apple (Nasdaq: AAPL). But it is doubtful that Dell will be successful any time soon.
Backward Drawings May Have Doomed Genesis (AP) AP - The NASA spacecraft that smashed into the Utah desert last month while bringing home fragile samples of the sun may have been doomed by engineering drawings that had been done backwards, an investigating board said Friday.
Jumbo Flying Squid Found Off Alaska (AP) AP - A large Humboldt squid caught offshore from Sitka is among numerous sightings of a species seen for the first time in waters of the Far North, and the first of the species recovered from British Columbia waters.
Nobels Bring Prestige to Calif. Colleges (AP) AP - The University of California system is amassing Nobel Prizes at campuses once noted more for beer bashes and odd mascots than academic excellence.
New Atlas Shows Fast Pace of Changing World (Reuters) Reuters - From new place names, shrinking seas\and terror attacks to soaring Internet usage, the world is\changing at a more rapid pace than in previous decades, says
Amphibian Extinctions Sound Global Eco-Alarm -Study (Reuters) Reuters - They may thrive on land and in water,\but amphibians everywhere are in serious trouble and up to a\third of species are threatened with extinction, a troubling\new study said on Friday.
Space Station Crew Blast Off from Kazakh Steppe (Reuters) Reuters - A Russian rocket carrying\a U.S.-Russian space crew on a two-day flight to the\International Space Station blasted off from the Baikonur\cosmodrome in Kazakhstan early Thursday.
EU Wants to Cut Greenhouse Gases in Cars, Shoes (Reuters) Reuters - The European Union's battle against\global warming will force companies to change automobile air\conditioning systems and restrict the sale of air-cushioned\sports shoes, European Union ministers said on Thursday.
Retail Sales Jump But Oil Hits Confidence  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A large climb in September U.S.  retail sales and bigger-than-expected gains in underlying  producer prices boosted hopes for stronger growth and bets that  the Federal Reserve will continue to raise interest rates.
Greenspan Says U.S Can Weather Record Oil  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Record oil prices have taken a  "noticeable" toll on the U.S. economy but are not likely to  inflict the same level of pain as in the 1970s, Federal Reserve  Chairman Alan Greenspan said on Friday.
Exxon Mobil to Take Charge  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Exxon Mobil Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=XOM.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;XOM.N&lt;/A&gt;, the world's  largest publicly traded oil company, said on Friday it would  take a charge of \$550 million in the third quarter to cover  claims from gas station owners who sued the company for fuel  overcharges.
None of Chiron Flu Vaccine Safe, FDA Says  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - None of Chiron Corp.'s flu vaccine  made at a British plant is safe for distribution in the United  States, acting U.S. Food and Drug Administration Commissioner  Lester Crawford said on Friday.
Stocks End Higher; Oil Curbs Gains  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks advanced on Friday as a  jump in September retail sales boosted investor confidence in  the economy, but oil prices at a fresh record of \$55 a barrel  kept gains in check.
Time for Alternative Minimum Tactics With just four weeks left in 2004, now #39;s the time for any last-minute tax planning you want to do. Last calls of this sort have taken on a new dimension recently because a growing number 
Judge: Oracle, PeopleSoft Drawn Closer  WILMINGTON, Del. (Reuters) - The trial pitting software  giant Oracle Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=ORCL.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;ORCL.O&lt;/A&gt; against unwilling takeover target  PeopleSoft Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=PSFT.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;PSFT.O&lt;/A&gt; ended on Friday with a Delaware  judge's comment that recent developments seemed to have drawn  the bitter rivals closer together.
Lawmakers Question Merck, FDA Over Vioxx  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A leading U.S. Senate Republican  this week demanded internal documents from Merck   Co. Inc.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MRK.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;MRK.N&lt;/A&gt; that could answer questions about the company's  interaction with U.S. regulators over its arthritis drug Vioxx.
Oil Prices Hit Another Record High of \$55 Crude oil futures rallied late Friday to a new record high of \$54.90, a day after a decline in the U.S. inventory of heating oil roiled a market already on edge over tight supplies, high demand and unrest among key producers.
Wachovia's 3Q Profits Increase 14 Percent Wachovia Corp. said Friday that third-quarter earnings rose 14 percent to \$1.26 billion, or 96 cents a share, on gains in its wealth management and investment banking businesses.
Judge Allows US Airways Pay Cuts, a Move United Also Seeks US Airways today won most of the emergency pay cuts it said were critical to avoid liquidation and United said it wanted to terminate its labor contracts and would seek deeper cuts from its employees.
Netflix Exclusive on Fool Radio Listen up as CEO Reed Hastings talks to our radio team about his firm.
How Low Can Netflix Go? Plus, Sun's investors in the dark, trouble at Marsh   McLennan, and Coventry revives First Health.
\$2,137,000 and Counting David Gardner launches our Foolanthropy campaign for 2004." /&gt;  &lt;meta name="keywords" content="Foolanthropy Charity giving donate" /&gt;  &lt;meta name="tickers" content="" /&gt;  &lt;meta name="date" content="2004-10-15T15:33-04:00" /&gt;  &lt;meta name="language" content="en-us" /&gt;  &lt;meta name="author" content="David Gardner" /&gt;  &lt;meta name="STORY_UID" content="/USMF_Content/datasource/production2003/2004/foolanthropy/2004/foolanthropy041015.xml" /&gt;  &lt;meta name="expiration" content="Date  12 months" /&gt;  &lt;meta name="articletype" content="Foolanthropy" /&gt;  &lt;meta name="contenttype" content="a" /&gt;   &lt;title&gt;Fool.com: \$2,137,000 and Counting Foolanthropy&lt;/title&gt;    &lt;link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="http://g.fool.com/includes/css/ie4.css" title="ie4" /&gt;    &lt;META Name="ArticleDate" Content="2004/10/15
Goldcorp Agrees to Buy Wheaton River for \$1.8 Bln (Update1) Goldcorp Inc., Canada #39;s fourth- largest gold producer, has agreed to buy Wheaton River Minerals Ltd. for \$1.8 billion in stock, giving Goldcorp its first assets outside of North America, Chief Executive Robert R. McEwen said.
No Better Than Two-Bit Hustlers Marsh   McLennan's expertise apparently included convincing clients to overpay for insurance. Not good.
Max Table size in MySQL \\It turns out that MySQL  has a terrible upper limit on the max MyISAM table\size.  It appears that innodb doesn't have this problem.\\Jeremy talks about it over on his blog \\"When this happens, the first reaction I hear is "You never told me that MySQL\has a 4GB limit! What am I going to do?" Amusingly, I usually do describe the\limit when I discuss the possibility of using MySQL with various groups--they\often forget or underestimate the impact it will have. Putting that aside, the\problem is easily fixed, as that page explains. You simply need to run an ALTER\TABLE command."\\"And you'll need to wait. That ALTER TABLE is going to take some time. Really."\\Of course Jeremey warns us that ...\\
Europeans to Offer Iran Nuclear Deal Next Week -US (Reuters) Reuters - European powers will offer Iran a\deal next week in a final bid to persuade the Islamic republic\to end its suspected arms-related nuclear programs or face\possible sanctions, the United States said on Friday.
National Foods Says Shares Worth as Much as A\$6.65 (Update2) National Foods Ltd., Australia #39;s biggest fresh milk producer, said its shares are worth as much as 22 percent more than Fonterra Cooperative Group Ltd.
Parents of caged boys deserve far worse than nine months in jail: Crown prosecutor (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - TORONTO (CP) - Two brothers who lost their childhoods to a "systemic campaign of mistreatment and torture" for more than 13 years deserve better than to see their adoptive parents jailed for a mere nine months, a Crown attorney argued Friday.
Israel Ends Massive Gaza Strip Offensive  GAZA (Reuters) - Israeli tanks rumbled out of the Gaza  Strip on Friday, ending a massive 16-day offensive that killed  at least 100 Palestinians in an attempt to stop rocket fire  into the Jewish state.
Europeans to Offer Iran Nuclear Deal Next Week -US  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - European powers will offer Iran a  deal next week in a final bid to persuade the Islamic republic  to end its suspected arms-related nuclear programs or face  possible sanctions, the United States said on Friday.
PeopleSoft Director to Testify at Trial The judge who must decide whether PeopleSoft Inc.'s corporate takeover defenses will stand up against a hostile takeover attempt by Oracle Corp. said Friday the latest revision of a key defense was "a lot closer" to meeting concerns raised about it in court.
Brazil GM move sparks row Brazil's president provokes controversy by approving the temporary planting of genetically modified crops.
Ex-OAS head arrested The scandal-hit former head of the Organisation of American States is arrested in his native Costa Rica.
Trio 'to offer Iran nuclear deal' UK, France and Germany are to offer Iran incentives deal to give up nuclear its ambitions, US officials say.
Scientists Find Cause of Genesis Crash NASA -- As scientists begin to unpack more than 3,000 containers of samples of the sun brought to Earth by NASA's Genesis mission, the Mishap Investigation Board (MIB) has identified a likely direct cause of the failure of Genesis' parachute system to open.     The parachute system failed to deploy when Genesis returned to Earth September 8, 2004...
Kerry Warns Draft Possible if Bush Wins WASHINGTON - John Kerry said Friday there is a "great potential" for a new military draft to replace overextended U.S. troops in Iraq if President Bush wins a second term, despite Bush's repeated pledges to maintain the all-volunteer service...
Israel Ends Deadly Gaza Offensive JEBALIYA REFUGEE CAMP, Gaza Strip - Israel withdrew tanks and ground forces from populated areas in the northern Gaza Strip on Friday, wrapping up its bloodiest offensive in the area in more than four years of fighting.    Prime Minister Ariel Sharon ordered the pullback at the urging of Israeli military commanders, who argued the two-week offensive had played itself out, and after calls from the United States to wrap up the operation...
Stocks Rise on Strong Retail Sales Report NEW YORK - Stocks rebounded moderately Friday as a stronger than expected retail sales report showed that higher oil prices aren't scaring consumers away from spending. Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan's positive comments on oil prices also encouraged investors, but the major indexes finished the week lower following sharp declines the previous two sessions...
Lucas to Receive AFI Lifetime Award LOS ANGELES - After creating "Star Wars,""Raiders of the Lost Ark" and "American Graffiti," Darth Vader might insist it was George Lucas' DESTINY to get the American Film Institute's lifetime achievement award.    Lucas, 60, was picked on Friday to be the recipient of the organization's 33rd annual prize, following such recent recipients as Meryl Streep, Robert De Niro and Tom Hanks...
Stocks Rise on Strong Retail Sales Report NEW YORK - Stocks moved higher Friday as a stronger than expected retail sales report showed that higher oil prices aren't scaring consumers away from spending. Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan's positive comments on oil prices also encouraged investors...
U.S. Intensifies Assault on Fallujah U.S. warplanes continued pounding targets in Fallujah today, in an attempt to disrupt what the military said were preparations for terrorist attacks coinciding with the Muslim holy month of Ramadan.
Ex-Troops Fill Haiti's Security Vacuum Nation remains volatile eight months after Aristide's departure.
Blasts Inside Green Zone Kill at Least Five Attack was the first time insurgents had penetrated the heavily protected area that is the home of the Iraqi government and U.S. officials.
Army Official Backs Ex-Abu Ghraib Officer The Army's intelligence chief said that he has "great confidence" in the ability of Maj. Gen. Barbara Fast, the highest-ranking intelligence officer tied to the Abu Ghraib prison scandal, to lead the Army's intelligence school.
G-8 to Meet on Iran Summit will determine a strategy for giving Iran one last chance to abandon its alleged nuclear program or face new international pressures.
Many Amphibians on the Verge of Extinction Eye of newt and toe of frog may one day be gone from witches grog. Indeed, not just frogs and newts but amphibians in general are rapidly becoming threatened worldwide, a new study shows.
Pakistanis Rescue Hostage; 2nd Dies  KARACHI, Pakistan, Oct. 14 -- A Chinese engineer was killed and a colleague was rescued Thursday when Pakistani commandos stormed a mud-walled compound in a remote tribal region near Afghanistan, killing five Muslim militants who had held the men hostage, authorities said.
FROM THE DEBATE  &lt;em&gt; The following are excerpts from the third presidential debate between President Bush and Sen. John F. Kerry:&lt;/em&gt;
Brazil Ready to Implement Shoot-Down Law Beginning Sunday, Brazil's air force may shoot down small planes suspected of carrying drugs under a law meant to stem the flow of cocaine pouring into the country at clandestine landing strips in the vast Amazon rainforest.
Sun signs server software customer Telecom giant Orange will use Sun's JES server software over three years, the companies plan to announce Monday.
Briefly: Microsoft sets holiday Xbox bundle roundup Plus: PalmSource settles Digeo patent suit...Maxtor loses its CFO--again...Profits, revenue climb at Rambus.
AMD preps high-performance chips for desktops The chip is expected to be unveiled Tuesday, in time to bump up the performance of game desktops before the holidays.\&lt;br /&gt; Intel kills plans for 4GHz Pentium \
Police Won #39;t Plant Explosives for Training French police on Sunday ended their practice of hiding plastic explosives in air passengers #39; luggage to train bomb-sniffing dogs after one such bag got lost, possibly ending up 
BlackBerry can be bitten by DoS attacks Smart phones using older RIM software are open to remote rebooting, but the flaw's not as bad as first reported.
Throwing money at technology (page 3) Strategic conflicts, rampant confusion and election-year politics are slowing the war on terror.
Radio operators OK rules on Net over power lines For critics of power-line broadband access, new FCC rules mean "the glass is both half-full and half-empty."
Red Sox, Fans Make 'Nomah' Distant Memory (AP) AP - For years, he was the face of the Boston Red Sox, a star shortstop, a favorite of old ladies and children who barely had shoulders wide enough to fit the name "Garciaparra" on the back of their T-shirts.
Navy Tries to End Drought Against Irish (AP) AP - For four decades, the routine has been pretty much the same: Notre Dame players and coaches talk up the Navy Midshipmen during the week and beat them up on game day. This year might be different.
Former Rams Halfback Tommy Kalmanir Dies (AP) AP - Tommy Kalmanir, a starting halfback on the 1951 Los Angeles Rams championship team and former Oakland Raiders assistant coach, has died. He was 78.
D-Backs Finish Initial Manger Interviews (AP) AP - Arizona Diamondbacks officials met with DeMarlo Hale, first base coach of the Texas Rangers, on Friday, completing an initial round of managerial interviews.
Glazer Raises Stake in Manchester United (AP) AP - Tampa Bay Buccaneers owner Malcolm Glazer increased his stake in Manchester United by an additional 15.8 million shares Friday, sources told The Associated Press, increasing speculation he will try to take control of the world's richest soccer club.
Streaking Michigan Plays at Illinois (AP) AP - Mention Michigan freshman Chad Henne to Illinois coach Ron Turner and he brings up John Elway.
Woods Stays on Honeymoon, Skips Disney (AP) AP - The honeymoon is not quite over for Tiger Woods, who decided Friday to skip the Funai Classic at Disney for the first time since turning pro.
Microsoft sets holiday Xbox bundle Microsoft announced a new holiday Xbox package that essentially gives buyers two free sports games and a trial subscription to the Xbox Live online gaming service.
Phillies Decide to Keep Wagner; Rodriguez Also to Stay  PHILADELPHIA (Sports Network) - The Philadelphia Phillies  have picked up the option for next season on closer Billy  Wagner. Under the terms of the contract, Wagner will make \$9  million in 2005. If the club not exercised the option, Wagner  would have been owed a \$3 million buyout and would have been  eligible to file for free agency.
Picture this: iPod fervor, PCs as furniture photo galleries Music player is a must-have, much-loved accessory. Will fanciful Media Center PCs fare as well?
This week in iPod news Apple is the undisputed champion of the hard-drive music market, but competitors are gearing up for a shot at the title.
This week in Media Center news Although Apple's combo of iTunes and iPod has proved popular, Microsoft is betting that people want to do more with their music and that they want to be able to move video and pictures around as well.
Top Two Seeds Ousted in Vienna  VIENNA (Reuters) - Top seeds David Nalbandian and Nicolas  Massu were beaten in the quarterfinals of the Vienna Trophy  Friday.
Users buoyed by monthly patch releases Despite Microsoft's release of 10 new software patches, IT managers said the monthly patching approach that the company has been using for the past 12 months is making it easier for them to keep their systems up to date on fixes for security vulnerabilities.
Microsoft offers preview of SQL Server 2005 Microsoft is offering a preview of its next-generation SQL Server 2005 database by providing an interim version of the product to customers.
Google Desktop Search app lets you 'google' your Windows PC Google Inc. unveiled a desktop search application that lets users catalog and search through e-mail, files, Web histories, instant message chats and other content on their PCs.
Microsoft, HP pleased with results of .Net partnership The 2-year-old .Net joint initiative between Microsoft and Hewlett-Packard has produced \$600 million in revenue.
Oracle warns of exploits for latest DB flaws Oracle Corp. urged customers to apply software patches it released in August because of the availability of malicious code that can exploit unpatched vulnerabilities in its software.
Olympus debuts modular digital photo system Photographers can shoot, store and print digital photos without requiring a computer connection.
Gadgets getting connected with DLNA Products expected soon that will connect via a new home networking specification backed by some of the world's largest consumer electronics and computer companies.
Dell unveils holiday lineup, including new plasma TVs It also shows off new printers and music players.
Archos intros 'world's smallest' 20GB music player Priced at \$249.99, it can play MP3, WMA and WAV-encoded music files.
Sharp adds hard disk to its Linux PDA Zaurus has a 4GB hard disk, 416-MHz chip, 16MB of flash memory, 64MB of SDRAM, a 3.7-in. VGA screen, and QWERTY keyboard.
Mobilitys end game Its like the browser wars all over again: Two vendors are battling to win the hearts, minds, and debit cards of users and developers. The browser wars were really platform wars, based on the assumption that the browser would be the nexus through which users would access data inside and outside their companys walls. The battle hymn is sounding once more, only this time its a ring tone. Ill get to the connection between the browser wars and the enterprise mobility race at the end.
IBM powers up high-end disk arrays IBM took a major step last week in its plan to remain at the forefront of storage technology by introducing two new disk arrays -- the DS6000 for the upper midrange market and the DS8000 for the high-end market. Both systems are designed for ease-of-use and modular for lower cost. They also feature high-end storage capabilities and virtualization technology, all in systems considerably smaller than previous versions.
AOL to have desktop searching in new browser America Online will have a desktop search capability in a new browser the company is now beta-testing, an AOL spokeswoman said Friday.
Has Your PC Gone Phishing? Study shows most attacks come from exploited PCs beloging to DSL or cable customers.
Tech Group Launches Anti-Spyware Campaign By TED BRIDIS    WASHINGTON (AP) -- A prominent Internet safety organization and leading computer-maker Dell Inc. (DELL) launched a campaign Friday to help consumers fend off "spyware," software that can cause sluggish computer performance or popup ads and secretly monitor the activities of Internet users...
Insurance Probe Rattles Stocks (Reuters) Reuters - An investigation into U.S. insurers\and brokers rattled insurance industry stocks for a second day\on Friday as investors, shaken further by subpoenas delivered\to the top U.S. life insurer, struggled to gauge how deep the\probe might reach.
Greenspan Not Worried About Energy Prices (AP) AP - The world will be living with volatile oil prices for years to come, but this year's price spike should not be serious enough to push the country into a recession, Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan said Friday.
Flock of paper birds takes wing in Thailand BANGKOK Thai military aircraft dropped 100 million paper birds over southern Thailand on Sunday in a gesture intended to promote peace in mainly Muslim provinces, where more than 500 people have died this year in attacks by separatist militants and 
Is that a Media Center PC--or an end table? Wood paneling and chrome made your dad #39;s station wagon look like a million bucks, and they might also be just the ticket for Microsoft #39;s fledgling effort to put a Media Center PC in every living room.
Robust Tech Earnings Can #39;t Shake Tough Outlook A slew of third-quarter earnings reports dominated technology and telecommunications stocks last week. Much of the news was positive, with key players posting impressive earnings growth, but the December quarter outlook remained unclear for some.
No Vijay-Els final as Fijian falls WENTWORTH (England) - Bernhard Langer went from Ryder Cup  #39;Captain Fantastic #39; to giant-killer by knocking world No 1 Vijay Singh out of the World Matchplay Championship yesterday.
Strong performance by Liu improves NBA hopes BEIJING: Chinas basketball hopeful Liu Wei improved his chances of becoming the first Asian point guard to make the NBA after putting in a spirited performance with the Sacramento Kings in the defeat by the Yao Ming-led Houston Rockets.
Big-mouth Becks to tell all at marriage counselling LONDON - Not only has England captain David Beckham been told to learn to shut up by coach Sven-Goran Eriksson, he could also face punishment from the Football Association for his unsporting behaviour.
Top of the charts: Warne smashes Muralis record Shane Warne has swapped places with Muttiah Muralitharan to become world cricket #39;s highest wicket-taker. Before the Test began, he was very excited and said,  quot;I would have been happy had I got this opportunity to achieve this feat at home.
Jennings named as caretaker coach: South Africas Eric Simons &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; JOHANNESBURG: South African cricket coach Eric Simons was axed from his job Friday after a string of dismal performances which saw the country slip from second to sixth and eighth in world Test and one-day rankings.
US troops advance on Fallujah FALLUJAH: Fierce air strikes hit Fallujah on Friday as US ground troops advanced on the Iraqi rebel bastion on Friday after a night of deadly air assaults.
Bashir charged in hotel bomb case Militant cleric ordered suicide attack on Marriott hotel, says indictment. Not clear whether Bali bombings included in charge. JAKARTA - Indonesian prosecutors have formally charged militant cleric Abu Bakar 
Egypt, Israel Exchange Prisoners in Sign of Warming Relations JERUSALEM, 6 December 2004 - In a sign that relations strained by the Palestinian uprising were warming, Egypt freed an Israeli Druze jailed eight years ago for spying and the Jewish state released six Egyptian students.
To E-Mail or Not to E-Mail: Can Reporters Offer Views in Private Correspondence? (Editor and Publisher) Editor and Publisher - NEW YORK The widely publicized experience of a Wall Street Journal reporter in Baghdad, whose private correspondance to family and friends ripping conditions in Iraq found its way online and into print in October, shows that journalists must guard their e-mail comments, industry leaders say.
Marketing Automation's Day in the Sun (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - Although marketing automation has been around as long as CRM has, in the past few years suite makers have focused more attention on refining SFA, customer service and self-service functions.
Microsoft Issues Patch for SP2 Update fixes crashes caused by incompatibility with hidden advertising app.
Higher retail sales give markets a nudge US stocks advanced overnight as a jump in September retail sales boosted investor confidence in the economy. However, oil prices at a fresh record of \$US55 a barrel kept gains in check.
MMC Names New Chairman, CEO at Marsh Inc. Marsh  amp; McLennan Companies Inc. (MMC) on Friday announced a change in the management of Marsh Inc., its risk and insurance services subsidiary.
US Blasts Airbus Plan To Seek New EU Loan The United States bristled on Friday at an Airbus plan to ask for up to 1 billion euros in European government loans to develop a new plane despite US complaints that the  quot;launch aid quot; violates world trade rules.
Exxon Mobil to Take Charge Exxon Mobil Corp. (XOM.N: Quote, Profile, Research) , the world #39;s largest publicly traded oil company, said on Friday it would take a charge of \$550 million in the third quarter to cover 
Jeremy Warner #39;s Outlook: Is anyone safe as Spitzer takes aim at &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Is no one safe from Eliot Spitzer #39;s accusing finger? After the investment banking, fund management and pharmaceuticals industries comes the insurance sector, which in a suit filed by the New York attorney 
Board member quits embattled Chiron Corp. EMERYVILLE, Calif. A high-tech executive appointed to Chiron #39;s board of directors last month has resigned from the embattled biotechnology company.
IBM Rational Tools To Support UML 2.0 IBM has revealed additions to its Rational software development tool lineup and said its architecting and modeling tools will support Unified Modeling Language 2.0 by the end of the year.
Harrington lies in wait as Els marches on Only three players have ever beaten Ernie Els in matchplay over the West Course. Bernhard Langer accounted for Vijay Singh with a classic upset of the world No 1, but Padraig Harrington 
Roundup: Williams upset in Kremlin Cup Venus Williams was upset by unseeded Elena Bovina 6-3, 6-2, in a Kremlin Cup quarterfinal Friday that lasted little more than an hour.
Army Probes if Iraq Unit Refused Mission WASHINGTON - The Army is investigating up to 19 members of a supply platoon in Iraq who refused to go on a convoy mission, the military said Friday. Relatives of the soldiers said the troops considered the mission too dangerous, in part because their vehicles were in such poor shape...
Moore's Pre-Election TV Special Nixed NEW YORK - The cable pay-per-view company iN DEMAND has backed away from a plan to show a three-hour election eve special with filmmaker Michael Moore that included the first television showing of his documentary "Fahrenheit 9/11."   The company said Friday it would not air "The Michael Moore Pre-Election Special" due to "legitimate business and legal concerns." A spokesman would not elaborate.    Moore has just released his movie on DVD and was seeking a TV outlet for the film, which sharply criticizes President Bush, as close to the election as possible...
Greenspan Says US Can Weather Oil Price Increases Record oil prices are unlikely to inflict the economic pain they did in the 1970s, Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan said Friday, adding that he thought the world could adjust to higher-priced oil.
Google Desktop privacy branded  #39;unacceptable #39; Google #39;s Desktop represents a privacy disaster just waiting to happen, a rival has warned. David Burns, Copernic CEO, says users should know that the giant ad broker intends to mix public and private queries 
Crude oil prices rise toward 55 dollars per barrel Crude oil futures continued to climb Friday, reaching new record high as decline in the US inventory of heating oil and tight supplies still overshadowed theenergy markets.
Sprint will cut as many as 700 jobs Sprint Corp. said Friday that it will slash as many as 700 more jobs and reduce the value of its long-distance network by an undisclosed amount.
Pfizer warns of Bextra heart risk NEW YORK (CNN/Money) - Drugmaker Pfizer said Friday that its Bextra drug, seen as an alternative to Merck #39;s Vioxx arthritis medication, may raise heart risk in high-risk bypass surgery patients.
Halliburton Warns Against Tender Offer Oilfield services firm Halliburton Co. on Friday advised its shareholders to reject a discounted tender offer from a Canadian investment company that is looking to buy up to 3 million Halliburton shares.
Microsoft Issues Patch for SP2 Microsoft has issued a patch for a compatibility problem between the recent Windows XP Service Pack 2 and an advertising application run on many users #39; machines.
Dell Displays New TVs, Music Players NEW YORK -- Dell took the wraps off its holiday lineup this week, showing new printers, plasma televisions, and music players that will soon be available through its Web site.
Starbucks To Add Kiosks Where Customers Can Burn CDs After Starbucks acquired Hear Music in 1999, it started selling self-produced CDs in its stores, recently launched a satellite radio music channel and in March opened its Hear Music Coffeehouse in Santa Monica, California.
MP3, hints of delay for PlayStation Portable TOKYO--Gamers will be able to download and play back MP3 files on the PlayStation Portable, a top Sony executive confirmed Thursday in an interview with Impress AV Watch.
Tennis  #39;ball models #39; court controversy Some say that men #39;s tennis has lost its glamour -which may explain why a world tournament in Madrid is hiring long-legged models as ball girls.
Sports: 4-way tie on Champions Tour SAN ANTONIO There #39;s a foursome sharing the lead at the SBC Championship on the Champions Tour. Tom Kite, Tom Jenkins, Dave Stockton and James Mason each opened with a 5-under-par 66 today in San Antonio.
Yukos fate is sealed as state auction looms Russian oil major Yukos is expected to face the auction of its main subsidiary by the end of the month at a price far lower than its estimated worth, a move analysts say could ruin the company and destroy the equity of minority shareholders.
No escape from  #39;Curse of the Bambino #39; To Understand the tortured relationship between the great city of Boston and the equally great city of New York - in life as well as in baseball - look no further than Game 
Kite rallies for share of lead at SBC Championship Tom Kite #39;s opening round in the SBC Championship on Friday didn #39;t look like much at the turn. Nine holes later, he was tied for lead.
Geiberger grabs top spot at Chrysler Classic Greensboro, NC (Sports Network) - Brent Geiberger posted a five-under 67 on Friday to move into the lead after the second round of the Chrysler Classic of Greensboro.
Guilty Plea in Insurance Inquiry as Stocks Fall A third insurance company executive pleaded guilty yesterday to criminal charges in connection with New York state Attorney General Eliot L. Spitzer #39;s investigation of payoffs and bid-rigging in the insurance industry.
GM reports poor quarterly profits DETROIT: General Motors Corp posted on Thursday disappointing quarterly earnings and cut its 2004 profit forecast due to mounting losses in Europe and slowing growth in China, sending its shares down 5.
Analysis: Samsung Electronics growth slows Samsung Electronics Co. has become the first South Korean company to exceed the 10 trillion won (\$8.7 billion) operating profit milestone this year, with its third-quarter profit jumping on strong memory chip earnings.
Sprint to Cut 700 Jobs in Sales; Long-Distance Write-Down Set The Sprint Corporation said yesterday that it planned to lay off 700 sales representatives and write down the value of its long-distance network to reflect more accurately the erosion in the market for traditional phone services.
Judge Is Set to Decide Oracle-PeopleSoft Battle The judge who will decide whether to block defenses by PeopleSoft against Oracle #39;s \$7.7 billion hostile tender offer, ended the two-week trial Friday by urging 
Pfizer Warns of Risks From Its Painkiller Pfizer warned doctors yesterday that one of its best-selling painkillers, Bextra, might increase the risk of heart attack or stroke in coronary artery bypass surgery patients.
FCC letting utilities move into broadband US regulators will let utility companies send high-speed Internet signals through electrical outlets to residential and business clients.
Faster AMD Athlon 64 #39;s On The Way Chips such as the Athlon 64 FX and Intel #39;s Pentium 4 Extreme Edition populate the very top of the desktop market, appearing mainly in game machines fitted with the latest graphics cards and high-performance storage systems to render games with the 
The Internet electric Will a new set of FCC rules for broadband over power lines bring the Internet to millions more homes? On Friday, proponents of broadband Internet service over power lines hailed a recent decision by the US 
Genesis mishap probe focuses on backward design drawing A board investigating the crash of NASA #39;s Genesis spacecraft found that the design for a key system was drawn backward, resulting in improper orientation of switches that were 
Microsoft in Tune with Digital Music Software giant Microsoft is casting its sights on the digital media marketplace by positioning itself as pro-consumer-choice. The company unveiled its MSN Music 
NASA Celebrates Life of Astronaut Cooper Mercury program astronaut Gordon Cooper was remembered Friday by NASA (news - web sites) officials and fellow space pioneers as  quot;not too bad of a pilot, but a heck of a good astronaut.
Ottawa moves to expand DNA databank OTTAWA - The federal government passed legislation Friday that will authorize judges to order people convicted of child pornography to submit DNA samples.
Goliath falls but Angel flies towards Els fire Ernie Els clung precariously to a place in the HSBC World Match Play Championship yesterday when he squeezed out Angel Cabrera with the last putt of their match.
Sorenstam keeps stellar career in perspective The 20-player field had mostly scattered as the sun dipped below the Santa Rosa Mountains. Yet the LPGA Tour #39;s biggest star at the Samsung World Championship 
Olympic champ Massu, Ginepri fall VIENNA, Austria -- The top three seeded players were eliminated in the quarterfinals of the CA Trophy on Friday, and American Robby Ginepri also was ousted.
FA asks for Beckham #39;s explanation The English Football Association said on Friday it had asked England captain David Beckham for an explanation about his yellow card controversy at last weekend #39;s World Cup qualifier against Wales.
Rescue mission for The Rocket Not that the Astros were tight heading home down 0-2 to the Cardinals, but knowing Roger Clemens would be taking the mound for Saturday #39;s Game 3 of the National League Championship Series had to be a comforting thought.
Busch Remains the Man to Beat in the Race for Nascar #39;s Nextel Cup With drivers like Jeff Gordon, Dale Earnhardt Jr., Jimmie Johnson and Mark Martin in the field for Nascar #39;s Chase for the Nextel Cup championship, there are plenty of intriguing and compelling story lines to follow.
Carter #39;s  #39;got nothing to say #39; after scoring 15 After hearing rare boos from the home fans, Vince Carter didn #39;t want to talk about it. Carter had 15 points in his first game since demanding to be traded, but the Toronto Raptors lost their 
Jennings to coach South Africa England can expect to face a bristling South African team this winter after Ray Jennings #39; interim appointment to succeed Eric Simons as coach.
Cavaliers Have Been Programmed for This These are the games college football programs spend years building toward, a chance to rise from the ranks of the also-rans to a place among the sport #39;s elite.
BASEBALL ROUNDUP Jaramillo Interviews to Be Mets #39; Manager Rudy Jaramillo remembers meeting Omar Minaya on a field in the Gulf Coast League in 1985, when they were charged with instructing about 50 minor leaguers from the Texas Rangers organization.
US Forces Set Up Checkpoints Near Al-Fallujah 15 October 2004 -- US ground troops deployed around the outskirts of Al-Fallujah following sustained air strikes against insurgent positions there overnight.
Bombers penetrate Green Zone Bombers in Baghdad took the war to the very heart of United States power in Iraq yesterday with two blasts inside the supposedly impregnable Green Zone, killing five civilians, including three US nationals, and injuring at least 20.
Karzai takes early lead as vote-counting begins Interim leader Hamid Karzai was strongly favored in early results from the vote count of Afganistan #39;s landmark presidential ballot yesterday as elections workers took a break to mark the beginning of the Islamic holy month of Ramadan.
Britain to Charge Cleric Risking a showdown with American prosecutors, the British authorities are planning to bring terrorism charges next week against an Egyptian-born 
Germany arrests suspected Al-Qaida financier German authorities have arrested a businessman wanted by Spain on charges he helped fund the Al-Qaida terrorist network for years.
Five UNSC members elected UNITED NATIONS, Oct 15: Japan, Argentina, Denmark, Greece and Tanzania were elected non-permanent members of the United Nations Security Council by the UN General Assembly on Friday for two years.
Bush Considering Tougher Syria Sanctions-Officials  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Bush administration is  considering tightening U.S. economic sanctions on Syria to put  pressure on Damascus to pull its troops out of Lebanon and  crack down on terrorism, administration officials said on  Friday.
UN focus on Iraq education crisis Poor facilities are limiting schooling opportunities for many children in post-Saddam Iraq, says Unicef.
Red Army choir performs for Pope Russia's Red Army choir sings and Cossacks dance for a delighted Pope John Paul II in the heart of the Vatican.
Importing Less Expensive Drugs Not Seen as Cure for U.S. Woes Experts say that importing drugs from countries that control their prices would not make drugs cheaper in the U.S.
Inquiry Opens After Reservists Balk in Baghdad The Army is investigating reservists who refused to deliver a fuel shipment under conditions they considered unsafe.
Storm-Battered Haiti's Endless Crises Deepen Tropical Storm Jeanne's devastation of Gonaves, Haiti, has exposed the fragility of the country seven months after President Jean-Bertrand Aristide resigned.
Schilling Pitches and Boston Hopes Curt Schilling pitched off a bullpen mound for 20 minutes on Friday, for the first time giving the Boston Red Sox hope in this A.L.C.S.
Astros Turn to Clemens With Series on the Line Twenty-one years after Roger Clemens pitched the Texas Longhorns into the College World Series, he is back in Texas preparing to pull another string.
From the Grass Roots of Iowa Comes the Thinking Man's Passer A nightly ritual at the Orton household in Altoona, Iowa, prepared Purdue quarterback Kyle Orton for both of his potential professions.
When Pennington Enters Red Zone, Touchdowns Follow During their franchise-tying 4-0 start, the Jets have found a comfort zone of immense importance: the red zone.
Unit Refused Duty in Iraq, Military Says WASHINGTON - The Army is investigating up to 19 members of a supply platoon in Iraq who refused to go on a convoy mission, the military said Friday. Relatives of the soldiers said the troops considered the mission too dangerous, in part because their vehicles were in such poor shape...
Rain in Boston Postpones BoSox-Yanks Game BOSTON - Steady rain Friday night forced major league baseball to postpone Game 3 of the AL championship series between the Boston Red Sox and New York Yankees. The steady rain began about two hours before the scheduled 8:19 p.m...
Canadian Sees a Long Haul in Afghanistan International forces should expect to stay in Afghanistan for "10 to 20 years," according to a Canadian commander who helped lead foreign troops in Kabul until February.
Order Allows Planting of Modified Soy Brazil's president approved a controversial executive order allowing farmers to plant genetically modified soybeans, just as the planting season in the world's second-largest soy producer goes into high gear.
Microsoft in Tune with Digital Music (Reuters) Reuters - Software giant Microsoft is\casting its sights on the digital media marketplace by\positioning itself as pro-consumer-choice.
AirDefense Locks Up Wi-Fi (PC World) PC World - Software maintains security on laptops when they're outside the network.
Wipro second-quarter net profit soars 79 percent (AFP) AFP - India's third-largest software exporter, Wipro, said second quarter net profit jumped 79 percent as sales rose 44 percent, beating both the market's and the company's expectations.
Judge Says PeopleSoft's Revision 'Closer' (AP) AP - The judge who must decide whether PeopleSoft Inc.'s corporate takeover defenses will stand up against a hostile takeover attempt by Oracle Corp. said Friday the latest revision of a key defense was "a lot closer" to meeting concerns raised about it in court.
Russian Soyuz to Dock With Space Station (AP) AP - A Soyuz spacecraft carrying two Russians and an American rocketed closer Friday to its docking with the international space station, where the current three-man crew made final departure preparations.
NASA Celebrates Life of Astronaut Cooper (AP) AP - Mercury program astronaut Gordon Cooper was remembered Friday by NASA officials and fellow space pioneers as "not too bad of a pilot, but a heck of a good astronaut."
Telescope Being Dedicated in Arizona (AP) AP - A troubled, 20-year journey to create the world's most powerful optical telescope is nearing an end, with astronomers hoping to begin using the instrument to look for heavenly breakthroughs early next year.
India looking to extend lead India resume batting on third day of second Test against Australia in Chennai from the score of 291 for six. India has a lead of 56 runs, but they will be hoping to extend it on a pitch where batting last will be a huge challenge.
Park keeps cruising at Bighorn Palm Desert, CA (Sports Network) - Grace Park continued her scoring frenzy at Bighorn Golf Club on Friday with a five-under 67 to open a four-shot advantage after the second round of the Samsung World Championship.
Oil at new highs on winter fuel fears World oil prices raced to record highs on Thursday as news of a decline in heating oil inventories rattled traders in the run-up to the northern hemisphere winter.
Sprint to cut 700 jobs NEW YORK, Oct 15 (Reuters) Sprint Corp. , said on Friday it plans to reduce by up to 700 jobs in its business solutions unit as it realigns its business to focus on wireless and Internet-based telecommunications offerings.
US airstrikes hit Fallujah US warplanes today bombed insurgents in Fallujah as the American military resumed its plan to destroy houses and buildings believed to be used as hide-outs by militants.
Strongest quake in five years hits Taiwan Seismologists warned the public to be on guard against aftershocks yesterday after the strongest quake to hit Taiwan in five years shook the island, causing tall buildings to sway and shutting down the capital #39;s Mass Rapid Transit system for 1 hour during 
Abu Hamza to face charges in Britain Abu Hamza, the radical Muslim cleric, is to face terrorism charges in the UK, delaying US extradition proceedings and upsetting the American authorities who wanted to try him for separate offences.
Japan set to gain nonpermanent seat NEW YORK-Japan on Friday was expected to win a two-year term as a nonpermanent member of the United Nations Security Council, a status that could help Tokyo #39;s campaign for a permanent seat, UN sources said.
Francona Cautious About Schilling BOSTON - Red Sox manager Terry Francona expressed cautious optimism Friday that RHP Curt Schilling #39;s injured right ankle may allow him to pitch before the end of the American League Championship Series.
Rose faces struggle to hit top 40 Justin Rose fell five strokes from the lead, even before starting his second round at the Chrysler Classic of Greensboro yesterday.
US Trade Deficit Surges to \$54B WASHINGTON - The US trade deficit, propelled by a record foreign oil bill, surged to \$54 billion in August, second highest level in history.
Judge Gives US Airways OK to Cut Workers Pay by 21 Percent A federal bankruptcy judge in Alexandria has granted US Airways permission to immediately cut the pay of its union workers by 21 percent.
Gates launches new media centre LOS ANGELES - On Tuesday, Bill Gates launched a new version of the Media Centre PC, a personal computer that Microsoft wants to be the hub of everyone #39;s home entertainment system.
Ottawa wants DNA from child pornographers OTTAWA - The federal government is proposing that DNA samples be collected from people convicted of making child pornography. The Liberals introduced legislation today that would give judges the power to authorize collection of the samples.
Crawler #39;s New Shoes to Help Space Shuttle Move Toward Return to &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; NASAs two crawler transporter vehicles soon will sport new shoes. A \$10 million project to replace the 456 tread belt shoes, weighing more than one ton each, on both crawlers at Kennedy Space Center begins mid-October.
Glazer increases stake in Man Utd The US sports tycoon, Malcolm Glazer, has raised his stake in Manchester United from around 19 to a little over 25. The purchase is not necessarily a prelude to a bid for overall control of the club bid according to one of his associates.
Langer shows Singh the door Virginia Water, England - Bernhard Langer beat Vijay Singh on the first extra hole on Friday to knock the world #39;s top-ranked player out of the World Match Play Championship in the first round.
Wilkinson hails decision to go with Robinson England #39;s new captain Jonny Wilkinson last night welcomed the appointment of Andy Robinson as the national team #39;s head coach, describing him as  quot;outstanding quot;.
Hamza #39;s case in Britain will halt US extradition Abu Hamza, the Muslim cleric wanted by the Americans for alleged terrorist offences, is to face a prosecution in the British courts that will sideline the United States extradition.
Geiberger edges clear Brent Geiberger has edged into the lead at 11-under after the second round of the Chrysler Classic of Greensboro, while Craig Parry is five shots off the pace.
United says it will ask workers for more cost cuts CHICAGO _ Calling its financial condition  quot;sobering, quot; United Airlines said Friday that it will seek substantially more cost cuts than previously announced to help the carrier emerge from bankruptcy.
FCC okays powerline Internet access The Federal Communications Commission has approved rules which it claims will encourage development of broadband access over power lines, a new technology that provides access to high speed broadband services using the nation #39;s power grid instead of phone 
Netflix Braces for Amazon In just five years, Netflix Inc. shot out of nowhere to create a new segment in the movie rental business with a simple business model that allows people to rent popular DVDs online and 
Government proposes to catalogue DNA of those convicted of making &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; OTTAWA (CP) - The federal government is proposing that DNA samples be collected from people convicted of making child pornography.
NBA Game Summary - Philadelphia at Toronto Toronto, ON (Sports Network) - Allen Iverson had 32 points, six rebounds and four assists in 27 minutes of action, as the Philadelphia 76ers edged the Toronto Raptors, 99-97.
EDWARD C. BAIG Bill Gates hopes the third time around will be the charm - again. In 1990, Microsoft unveiled Windows 3.0, the first monumentally successful version of the company #39;s flagship software.
Zimbabwe condemns Tsvangirai acquittal Zimbabwe #39;s government has condemned the acquittal of opposition leader Morgan Tsvangirai on charges of plotting to assassinate President Robert Mugabe, saying a guilty man had been allowed to walk free.
Crude, Heating Oil Set Records on Storage Draw November light, sweet crude oil futures rose as much as 96 cents on the New York Mercantile Exchange to US\$54.60 a barrel, the highest price in 21 years of trading.
Sprint to cut 700 jobs, devalue assets WASHINGTON (CBS.MW) - Sprint Corp. said Friday it will cut up to 700 jobs, write down the value of its traditional phone network and spend less money marketing standalone long-distance service.
WOODWARD:  #39;...AND NOW FOR SOMETHING COMPLETELY DIFFERENT #39; Sir Clive Woodward has confirmed that he will be pursuing a career outside of rugby union, but he refuses to be drawn on whether it will be at Southampton football club.
Bombardier being wooed to move to US MONTREAL - There are reports Bombardier Aerospace is being courted by at least three midwest American states that want to see the Montreal-based company transferred to the United States.
Broadband by power lines moves forward Federal Communications Commission (FCC) changed its rules on Friday in hopes of promoting wider broadband access throughout the nation by offering the service over power lines.
Microsoft in Tune with Digital Music  LOS ANGELES (Billboard) - Software giant Microsoft is  casting its sights on the digital media marketplace by  positioning itself as pro-consumer-choice.
Simons resigns as South Africa coach Durban, Oct. 15. - The recent poor performances by the South African cricket team has found its first casualty in coach Eric Simons, who resigned from his post today.
UN Says Sudan Death Toll Reaches 70,000 The United Nations health agency said Friday that the death toll in refugee camps in the Darfur region of Sudan had reached 70,000, and that people would continue dying 
Insurance Probe Drives Down Stocks (Reuters) Reuters - Top U.S. life insurer MetLife Inc.\ said on Friday it had received several subpoenas from
Bush Considering Tougher Syria Sanctions-Officials (Reuters) Reuters - The Bush administration is\considering tightening U.S. economic sanctions on Syria to put\pressure on Damascus to pull its troops out of Lebanon and\crack down on terrorism, administration officials said on\Friday.
Madrid Bomb Suspect's Remains Identified (Reuters) Reuters - An Algerian suspected of being a leader\of the Madrid train bombers has been identified as one of seven\people who blew themselves up in April to avoid arrest, Spain's\Interior Ministry said on Friday.
WTO rules against EU sugar subsidies, bloc to appeal (AFP) AFP - The European Union has confirmed that the World Trade Organization has ruled its subsidies for sugar production are illegal, but said it would appeal.
British Flu Vaccine Is Unusable, FDA Says The announcement was a blow to U.S. health officials, who are scrambling to calm growing public alarm about vaccine shortages because of the loss of about half of the 100 million doses of flu vaccine the nation was expecting.
Netflix Braces for  Amazon Threat Netflix executives told analysts during a conference call Thursday that it was slashing its monthly fees by 18 percent and postponing its plans to expand in Europe so it could focus on meeting the threat from Amazon.
Counting of votes begins in Maharashtra election (Reuters) Reuters - Election officials began counting votes in Maharashtra on Saturday in a poll that is crucial to the political fortunes of the ruling Congress party and the opposition Hindu nationalists.
Sailors from stricken Canadian submarine return home to Halifax (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - HALIFAX (CP) - After a harrowing ordeal on the North Atlantic, about half the crew of HMCS Chicoutimi returned home Friday night, 10 days after a fire aboard their second-hand submarine claimed the life of a crew member.
Insurance Probe Drives Down Stocks  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Top U.S. life insurer MetLife Inc.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MET.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;MET.N&lt;/A&gt; said on Friday it had received several subpoenas from  New York Attorney General Eliot Spitzer, in a sign that a probe  into alleged rigging of bids in exchange for fat fees in the  insurance industry is widening.
High Gas Prices Force Lifestyle Changes For some workers, businesses and organizations, the spike in energy prices -- for gas, diesel fuel or heating oil -- is changing the way they live, work and think about the future.
Kerry Warns Draft Possible if Bush Wins (AP) AP - John Kerry said Friday there is a "great potential" for a new military draft to replace overextended U.S. troops in Iraq if President Bush wins a second term, despite Bush's repeated pledges to maintain the all-volunteer service. Republicans rejected the suggestion as "fear mongering."
Guilty Plea in Insurance Inquiry as Stocks Fall Spitzer said other insurance companies are being investigated.
Heinz Kerry Reports Nearly  #36;2.3M in 2003 (AP) AP - Teresa Heinz Kerry made nearly  #36;2.3 million in 2003 and had a federal and state tax bill of close to  #36;800,000, according to tax forms filed Friday.
Salvadoran Companies Export Promise to D.C. Trade Show Small Salvadoran companies are sponsored by Expro at the D.C. Trade Show as part of a \$6 million project by the U.S. Agency for International Development.
Florida Sets Touch-Screen Recounts Rule (AP) AP - The state set a court-ordered rule for recounting touch-screen ballots in close elections Friday, but voter-rights groups complained the changes fell far short of what is needed to ensure a fair vote.
Colorado Redistricting Dispute Revived (AP) AP - A panel of federal judges Friday revived the last remaining lawsuit stemming from disputes over congressional redistricting after the 2000 census.
Pfizer Warns of Risks From Its Painkiller Pfizer warned doctors that one of its best-selling painkillers, Bextra, might increase the risk of heart attack or stroke in coronary artery bypass surgery patients.
Under Fire, Marsh Stops Taking Fees From Insurers A day after coming under regulatory fire for taking incentive fees from insurers, the Marsh   McLennan Companies said that it would halt the practice.
Unit Refused Iraq Mission, Military Says WASHINGTON - The Army is investigating up to 19 members of a supply platoon in Iraq who refused to go on a convoy mission, the military said Friday. Relatives of the soldiers said the troops considered the mission too dangerous, in part because their vehicles were in such poor shape...
SalesLogix closes in on full-service CRM Best Software's SalesLogix is a Windows-based sales, marketing, and support application that gives SMBs a universal view of the customer, from identifying initial leads to managing ongoing service contracts.
Join the CTO club In my years writing this column for CTOs, the positive e-mail Ive received often boils down to a simple message: At last, someone out there understands what Im going through professionally each day. Most CTOs dont have others in their companies who can relate to the unique demands of their work.
Barca go clear as Real Madrid held at Villarreal MADRID (AFP) - Barcelona stretched their lead over Real Madrid in the Spanish title chase this weekend as African Player of the Year Samuel Eto #39;o scored twice in a 4-0 win against Malaga.
Oracle Pushes Users to Patch New exploits could affect customers who never applied patches for known database flaws.
Rangers held by Inverness Inverness, Scotland (Sports Network) - Rangers squandered a chance to return to the top of the table Sunday as it was held at Inverness, 1-1.
Deserter regrets 40 years in NKorea (AFP) AFP - A US Army deserter said the one thing he did right during his 40 years in North Korea was to leave the country, which was training his daughters as spies, in an interview published.
Judge Is Set to Decide Oracle-PeopleSoft Battle The judge who will decide whether to block defenses by PeopleSoft against Oracle's hostile offer urged both sides to agree on what issues remain in contention.
F.C.C. Clears Internet Access by Power Lines The F.C.C. adopted rules that will enable utility companies to offer an alternative to broadband services provided by cable and phone companies.
Data Miner Free From U.S. Law Offshore It began as one of the Bush administration's most ambitious homeland security efforts, a passenger screening program designed to use commercial records, terrorist watch lists and computer software to assess millions of travelers and target those who might pose a threat.
Bush triumphalism masks mission unaccomplished in Afghanistan: analysts (AFP) AFP - Three years after the US-led invasion, Afghanistan is flooding the world with heroin, warlords reign in the provinces, women are scared and the new security forces are underarmed and undersized, analysts say.
Beltran's Hot Bat Leading Astros' Offense (AP) AP - When Carlos Beltran was traded to the Houston Astros, he already was considered among baseball's top all-around players, one of those rare breeds who can hit, run and play great defense.
Infineon execs to get prison terms While taking a back seat to software and security efforts, hardware is still a big time concern according to our survey. Organizations are taking the opportunity to consolidate their environments as they replace 
Switches Failed In Crash Of Genesis The Genesis space capsule that crashed into the Utah desert last month failed because four pencil stub-size gravity switches designed to trigger the release of the spacecraft #39;s parachutes 
Door Open on Schilling Pitching in ALCS (AP) AP - With a balky ankle and tight shoes, Curt Schilling took the mound on Friday, throwing batting practice speed in the bullpen during a steady rain.
Westwood Expected Tough Route to Success Lee Westwood looked at the draw at the start of the HSBC World Match Play Championship this week and knew it could hardly be tougher.
Unbeaten Cavaliers a big test for  #39;Noles TALLAHASSEE - Since Florida State joined the Atlantic Coast Conference in 1992, rarely have the Seminoles lined up without a decided advantage in talent over their conference opponent -t least until Miami showed up this year.
Chants of Red Sox Fans Don't Faze Yankees (AP) AP - Led by police, Jorge Posada and the Yankees calmly walked through a throng of Red Sox fans, taunted with one angry chant after another while heading from the clubhouse to their buses outside Fenway Park.
US Intensifying Bombing Attacks on Falluja Sites American forces stepped up their pressure on the insurgent-controlled city of Falluja on Friday, unleashing an aerial and artillery bombardment of 
Indonesian Cleric Faces New Charges Indonesian prosecutors on Friday charged the militant Muslim cleric Abubakar Baasyir under a new anti-terror law, accusing him of leading a terrorist organization 
Nowak Will Return D.C. United decides Friday to exercise the option on coach Peter Nowak's contract and bring him back for a second season next year.
Wizards Get a Break With several players suffering from minor injuries, Wizards coach Eddie Jordan decides to give the team a day off on Friday.
Fiedler Expects to Start Dolphins quarterback Jay Fiedler said he will start Sunday at Buffalo despite missing practice time this week with a cracked rib.
Patriots' Running Man Both Corey Dillon and the Patriots are quite happy with the offseason trade that brought the running back from Cincinnati to New England.
OTHER NEWS  What does  quot;blog quot; mean? If you #39;ve wondered, you #39;re not alone. It is the most looked-up word this year. Blog, which is short for Web log and means an online journal, wasn #39;t even in the dictionary at the 
The Rundown 15 Arizona State at 1 USC  &lt;em&gt;3:30 p.m., pay-per-view &lt;/em&gt;&lt;br&gt;If you need proof that the Pacific-10 is loaded with quarterbacks, get your eyes on this game, because it may be your best opportunity to see ASU's Andrew Walter, who has the talent and experience to remain poised against USC. After throwing for 428 yards against Iowa, Walter completed just 47.6 percent of his passes and averaged 144 yards in wins over Oregon State and Oregon. Still, compare Walter (249.8 yards per game, 15 touchdown passes, 1 interception) to USC's Matt Leinart (237.4 yards, 10 TDs, 3 INTs). Throw in ASU's excellent pass defense, and the Sun Devils have a chance.
Google Revolutionizes Desktop Searching We #39;re all used to searching the web at blazing fast speeds: picking out the right webpages among the five billion choices takes only a few hundredths of a second.
Bankers to face trial in US Three former NatWest investment bankers can be extradited to the United States to face charges of conspiring in an Enron-related fraud, a judge in London ruled yesterday.
Stocks Up on Retail Sales, Greenspan Talk NEW YORK, Oct. 15 -- Stocks rebounded moderately Friday as a government report showed that higher oil prices aren #39;t reducing retail sales.
World Oil Prices Approach \$55 a Barrel Though oil prices have eased slightly, they remain close to record high points approaching \$55 a barrel. World oil prices have more than doubled from about \$20 a barrel in New York at the start 
Australia lauds bowler #39;s wicket achievement Australia #39;s cricket board praised Shane Warne #39;s smashing of the Test cricket bowling record yesterday as a  quot;monumental achievement quot; which underlined his status as one of the greatest bowlers in history.
Does Tsvangirai outcome suit Mugabe? On hearing the verdict there was a broad smile from Morgan Tsvangirai, applause from his supporters and tears of relief from his veteran attorney.
Army pulls back from Gaza leaving 100 Palestinians dead The Israeli army last night began withdrawing from Palestinian areas of the northern Gaza strip, winding down the largest assault on the territory in recent years and leaving more than 100 Palestinians dead and widespread destruction of homes.
Al-Qaeda suspect detained in Germany German authorities on Friday detained a Syrian-born German businessman who is wanted by Spain for allegedly supporting the al-Qaeda terrorist network.
Sacked envoy accuses FO of sex slurs A British ambassador today accused the Foreign Office of mounting an extraordinary sex smear to drive him from his job. Craig Murray, 45, the former 
Stelco says losing biggest customer General Motors Stelco Inc. (STEa.TO: Quote, Profile, Research) said on Friday that it would be losing General Motors (GM.N: Quote, Profile, Research) , its biggest customer 
Data Miner Free From U.S. Law (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - It began as one of the Bush administration's most ambitious homeland security efforts, a passenger screening program designed to use commercial records, terrorist watch lists and computer software to assess millions of travelers and target those who might pose a threat.
Retail Sales Up; Industrial Production Lags (AP) AP - Shoppers rediscovered their urge to splurge in September, catapulting retail sales up by the largest percentage gain in six months. Industrial activity was restrained, meanwhile, partly because of hurricanes.
U.S. Strikes Fallujah; Car Bomb Kills 10 (AP) AP - U.S. jets struck targets in the insurgent bastion Fallujah on Friday, and U.S. officials said 10 people  #151; including a family of four  #151; were killed when a car bomb exploded near a Baghdad police station in a bloody start to the Muslim holy month of Ramadan.
Muslim activist sentenced to jail for illegal business dealings with Libya (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - ALEXANDRIA, Va. (AP) - A prominent Muslim activist who admitted participating in a Libyan plot to assassinate Saudi Arabia's crown prince was sentenced Friday to the maximum 23 years in prison for illegal business dealings with Libya.
Bush triumphalism masks mission unaccomplished in Afghanistan (AFP) AFP - Three years after the US-led invasion, Afghanistan is flooding the world with heroin, warlords reign in the provinces, women are scared and the new security forces are underarmed and undersized, analysts say.
Moore's Pre-Election TV Special Nixed (AP) AP - The cable pay-per-view company iN DEMAND has backed away from a plan to show a three-hour election eve special with filmmaker Michael Moore that included the first television showing of his documentary "Fahrenheit 9/11."
Russian Capsule Docks With Space Station KOROLYOV, Russia - A Soyu z spacecraft carrying two cosmonauts and an American astronaut docked smoothly Saturday at the international space station, where another Russian-U.S. team has spent the last six months...
Greenspan predicts years of oil uncertainty The world will be living with volatile oil prices for years to come, but this years price spike should not be serious enough to push the US into a recession, US Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan said yesterday.
Airbus #39; new rival to 7E7 may utilize subsidies Airbus might tap up to 1 billion euros (\$1.25 billion) in controversial government loans to build a new A350 airplane model, which would be a rival to Boeing #39;s new 7E7 jetliner.
Netflix nightmare negative for stock It was  quot;Nightmare on on Elm Street quot; for Netflix yesterday as investors bludgeoned the online movie rental company #39;s stock.
Sprint to cut 700 jobs as it trims back service Sprint Corp., the telecommunications giant, said yesterday it will cut 700 jobs in its business solutions division as it stops selling business long distance services outside of package deals.
Delta expects net loss up to \$675M Delta Air Lines world headquarters in Atlanta is shown in this Sept. 8 file photo. In a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission, the airline reported that it expects its quarterly report to be released 
Sun Microsystems #39; Revenue Growth Seen Pressured Credit Suisse First Boston raised estimates and the target price on Sun Microsystems (nasdaq: SUNW - news - people ) after the company broke even on per-share, pro forma basis for the fiscal first quarter.
In Another Reversal, Intel Kills 4 Gig Chip Leading chipmaker Intel revealed Thursday that it will not manufacture a much-ballyhooed 4 GHz version of the Pentium 4 PC processor.
3 state utilities may offer Internet via power lines Clearing the way for homes and businesses to receive high-speed Internet services through their electrical outlets, the Federal Communications Commission adopted rules this week that would enable the utility companies to offer an alternative to the 
Perverts face DNA order OTTAWA -- More convicted criminals will have to submit DNA samples to the national data bank - including those convicted of possession of child pornography - under newly proposed legislation tabled in the House of Commons yesterday.
Indymedia Servers Returned to Rackspace October 15, 2004 -- (WEB HOST INDUSTRY REVIEW) -- The Web servers that were seized late last week from Web hosting provider Rackspace Managed Hosting (rackspace.
Park has 4-stroke margin PALM DESERT, Calif. -- Grace Park followed her sensational first round with a steady, 5-under 67 Friday and opened a four-shot lead midway through the Samsung World Championship.
Stupples Shoots into Second Britains Karen Stupples shot 65 to claim a share of second place at the halfway stage of the Samsung World Championship in Palm Desert, California.
Gibernau grabs pole at Phillip Island Spain #39;s Sete Gibernau has put in a storming qualifying lap to snatch pole position for Sunday #39;s Australian Grand Prix at Phillip Island from title rival and defending world champion Valentino Rossi.
Shut yer yap! LONDON -- England coach Sven-Goran Eriksson wants his embattled captain David Beckham to keep his mouth shut. That won #39;t satisfy the English Football Association, which asked Beckham yesterday to explain his 
NBA Notebook column The NBA has come to basketball-crazy China -- but it doesn #39;t expect to make any money soon. The league flew more than 100 people halfway around the world for its first games 
Kaif, Patel put India on top Shane Warne ran through the Indian tail as the hosts were dismissed for 376 with a lead of 141 runs in the first innings of the second Test in Chennai on Saturday.
Non-Chase drivers show they #39;re here for the party They threw a surprise party for Joe Nemechek in Dover a few weeks ago. There were balloons and cake with strawberry custard filling and soldiers at the back 
Wishbone will test Irish #39;s defense It #39;s not the embarrassment Notre Dame fears if it loses to Navy for the first time since 1963. It #39;s the intensity of the Navy players and the style of offense they employ 
Geiberger overcomes odds to lead Brent Geiberger overcame strong winds and a bad hip to earn a one-stroke lead after the second round at the Chrysler Classic of Greensboro on Friday.
Mets talk to Rudy Omar Minaya is getting down to business in determining Art Howe #39;s successor. The Mets #39; GM interviewed Rangers hitting coach Rudy Jaramillo yesterday, and intends to meet with Yankees 
Israel ends Gaza Strip offensive It followed the killing of two toddlers in an Israeli town on September 29 by a rocket fired from Gaza. Witnesses said all 200 tanks and armoured vehicles in northern Gaza had withdrawn.
Explosions rock Baghdad, mortar kills hospital worker Mortar attacks hit a central Baghdad hospital Saturday, killing an employee and injuring three others, officials said. A mortar round exploded in the garden of the Ibn al-Betar hospital 
 #39;Radical Muslim cleric Hamza to be charged #39; Radical Muslim cleric Abu Hamza is set to be charged under the Terrorism Act, legal sources have said. Hamza is facing separate extradition proceedings to the US, where officials have accused him of playing 
Pakistan hunting for Chinese-abduction mastermind Pakistani security forces are undertaking the hunting for Abdullah Mehsud, the brain behind the scene of the abduction of two Chinese engineers, Interior Minister Ahmad Sherpao told Xinhua Saturday.
Officer is suspended The Israeli army suspended a company commander who was accused of repeatedly shooting a 13-year-old Palestinian girl, but officials said yesterday the punishment wasn #39;t because of the shooting.
UNC Starts Pilot File-Sharing Program (AP) AP - Four schools in the University of North Carolina system will participate in a pilot program that allows students to download music, movies and other copyrighted material on the Internet for free.
Mount St. Helens' 'Fin' May Be Splitting (AP) AP - The stone "fin" on the new lava lobe inside the crater at Mount St. Helens seems to be starting to split.
Minor Glitch in Spacecraft Docking (AP) AP - THE GLITCH: An unexplained problem sent a Russian-made Soyuz spacecraft speeding toward the international space station too quickly and officials decided it should be docked manually.
They like them apples As thousands of apple pickers milled about his farm last Sunday, Michael Smolak gave thanks for the postcard-perfect autumn weather that brought them there.
Chiofaro's partner relents International Place developer Donald J. Chiofaro's majority partner in two Boston office towers this week took a more conciliatory tone toward proposed changes in the reorganization plan that he submitted in US Bankruptcy Court. Last week Chiofaro's partner, Hillman Properties Inc., said in court it would never agree to his plan to fend off New York's Tishman Speyer Properties's takeover ...
US Airways gets OK to slash pay A US Bankruptcy Court judge, in a harsh decision he called critical to US Airways Group's survival, said yesterday the airline could slash pay by 21 percent for its unionized workforce of 25,000.
Red Sox owners fielding more nongame revenue Keeping the faith, Susan Forbes called the Red Sox a month ago to book Fenway Park for a postseason party.
Marsh  amp; McLennan halts fees at center of probe Marsh  amp; McLennan Cos. said yesterday it was suspending its practice of using  quot;market services agreements quot; with insurance carriers, which the New York attorney general has alleged were used to rig bids, cheating customers.
Nigerian unions end strike but threaten more action Nigerian unions called off a general strike which had jeopardized oil supplies from the world's seventh-largest exporter for four days, but threatened more action within weeks unless the government cut fuel prices.
Retail sales post strong rebound in September Shoppers rediscovered their urge to splurge in September, catapulting retail sales by the largest percentage gain in six months. Industrial activity was restrained, meanwhile, partly because of hurricanes.
Sprint to cut 700 jobs as it trims back service Sprint Corp., the telecommunications giant, said yesterday it will cut 700 jobs in its business solutions division as it stops selling business long distance services outside of package deals. The cuts represent 7.8 percent of the division's workforce.
Price of oil eases off record highs LONDON - World oil prices eased slightly yesterday but remained close to record high points near 55 dollars a barrel as traders fretted about low inventories of US heating fuel heading into the northern winter.
Donovan shines as team #39;s leader After scoring four goals in his first two games for the US national team, 20-year-old striker Eddie Johnson is garnering headlines.
Israel pulls out of northern Gaza JEBALIYA REFUGEE CAMP (Gaza Strip) - Israel withdrew tanks and ground forces from populated areas in the northern Gaza Strip on Friday, wrapping up its bloodiest offensive in the area in more than four years of fighting.
One failure led to another on Genesis craft Genesis project officials failed to catch the flaw that doomed the Lockheed Martin-built spacecraft despite extra layers of scrutiny added after two of the company #39;s other NASA probes failed.
Al Qaeda Using Militants Against Musharraf  KARACHI (Reuters) - Osama bin Laden's al Qaeda appears to  be using established militant groups and small cells for bloody  attacks in Pakistan aimed at destabilizing President Pervez  Musharraf and thus the wider war on terror, analysts say.
Geiberger battles hip, field while trying to avoid trip to Q &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; GREENSBORO, NC - A heat wrap kept Brent Geiberger #39;s ailing hip from hurting, and his best consecutive rounds of the season took care of the rest.
Today #39;s top matchups at a glance Analysis: The Midshipmen have grown all too used to agonizing losses during Notre Dame #39;s 40-year streak. But Navy #39;s offense will present a unique challenge for the Irish.
UN concern after Baghdad blast The United Nations says Thursday's bombings in the Green Zone in Baghdad underline security concerns.
Dementia diagnosis for Pinochet Former Chilean President Pinochet has "moderate dementia", according to a court-appointed doctor. 
US citizen jailed for Libya ties A US citizen is jailed for 23 years for illegal financial dealings linked to an alleged plot by Libya to kill the Saudi Crown Prince.
Warsaw official vowstroop cuts in Iraq POLAND WASHINGTON -- The prime minister of Poland told his Parliament yesterday that he would begin reducing the number of Polish troops in Iraq in January, another blow to the US-led coalition that has lost nearly a third of its members this year. Addressing legislators before a vote of confidence, Prime Minister Marek Belka promised, ''We will not remain in ...
Cleric charged with ordering attack on Indonesian hotel JAKARTA, Indonesia -- An Islamic cleric believed to lead a terrorist group linked to Al Qaeda was charged yesterday with ordering a deadly attack on an Indonesian hotel last year -- a legal move that is expected to please the United States, which has long demanded action against Abu Bakar Bashir.
Radical Muslim cleric wanted in US to be charged in Britain  LONDON -- Britain will charge radical Muslim cleric Abu Hamza al-Masri with terrorism offenses, sources said yesterday, stalling US attempts to extradite him over a 1998 hostage-taking in Yemen and links to Al Qaeda.
US deaths in Iraq The Defense Department has released the names of the following service members who recently died in Iraq. As of Thursday, 1,086 members of the US military have died since the war began in March 2003.
UN counts 70,000 dead in Darfur crisis  GENEVA -- At least 70,000 refugees have died since March because of poor conditions in camps in Sudan's Darfur region, and more will die at the same rate unless countries contribute the \$300 million in aid they promised, the UN health agency said yesterday.
Doctors split on Pinochet's mental state SANTIAGO, Chile -- Court-appointed doctors who examined retired General Augusto Pinochet are split on whether the former dictator's health allows him to stand trial on human rights charges, according to reports made public yesterday.
Moore's Pre-Election TV Special Nixed NEW YORK - A cable pay-per-view company has decided not to show a three-hour election eve special with filmmaker Michael Moore that included a showing of his documentary "Fahrenheit 9/11," which is sharply critical of President Bush.    The company, iN DEMAND, said Friday that its decision is due to "legitimate business and legal concerns." A spokesman would not elaborate...
Unit Refused Iraq Mission, Military Says WASHINGTON - Relatives of soldiers who refused to deliver supplies in Iraq say the troops considered the mission too dangerous, in part because their vehicles were in poor shape.    The Army is investigating up to 19 reservist members of a platoon that is part of the 343rd Quartermaster Company, based in Rock Hill, S.C...
Buccaneers Shut Down Falcons, 27-0 (AP) AP - Making Michael Vick  #151; one of the NFL's most exciting players  #151; look ordinary for much of the day, the Tampa Bay Buccaneers dominated Atlanta 27-0 Sunday to keep the first-place Falcons from clinching the NFC South championship.
Probe of No-Show Reservists Underway A platoon in Iraq is being investigated for allegedly refusing to carry out a convoy mission its members deemed too dangerous, Army officials said Friday.
Greenspan Minimizes Impact of Costly Oil Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan said yesterday that higher oil prices have had a  quot;noticeable quot; affect on the US economy this year but are not likely to cause serious damage unless they move significantly higher.
Airbus raises projection of deliveries to 320 Boeing archrival Airbus expects to deliver as many as 320 aircraft this year, or 5 percent more than it forecast earlier, as demand from airlines picks up.
Genesis mishap probe focuses on backward design drawing A board investigating the crash of NASA #39;s Genesis spacecraft has found the design for a key system was drawn backward. The result: improper orientation of switches that were supposed to detect its entry into 
Microsoft unveils  #39;PlaysForSure #39; logo which signifies &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt;  quot;Software giant Microsoft is casting its sights on the digital media marketplace by positioning itself as pro-consumer-choice.
Rain may have fallout BOSTON -- The Boston Red Sox still trail. The good news for the Red Sox Nation was there was no loss to mourn last night as Game 3 of the American League championship Series was rained out at Fenway Park.
Coach #39;s suggestion to Beckham: Zip it England national team coach Sven-Goran Eriksson wants his beleaguered captain David Beckham to keep his mouth shut. That won #39;t satisfy the English Football Association, which 
Polish PM wins confidence vote in parliament Polish Prime Minister Marek Belka won a parliamentary confidence vote Friday, a result that thwarted the opposition #39;s bid to force a snap election and enabled the ruling Democratic 
Argentina replaces Chile in UN Security Council. Argentina, Denmark, Greece, Japan and Tanzania won this week seats as non permanent members of the United Nations Security Council.
General Motors Posts Weak Earnings General Motors Corp. reported third-quarter earnings Thursday that were at the low end of the company #39;s July guidance. Quarterly earnings rose to \$440 million, or 78 cents per share, from \$425 million, or 79 cents per share, a year ago.
Belarusians Vote in Term Limit Referendum (AP) AP - Belarusians' decision whether to scrap presidential term limits in a referendum this weekend could determine if this East European nation will remain an isolated Soviet-style throwback or slowly turn toward the West.
Israel Ends Deadly Gaza Offensive (AP) AP - Palestinians retrieved belongings from the rubble of dozens of homes and work crews patched up roads and water pipes Saturday  #151; the aftermath of Israel's 17-day military offensive, the deadliest in the Gaza Strip in four years of fighting.
Australia 53-0 after conceding 141-run lead against India (AFP) AFP - Australia, trailing India by 141 runs on the first innings, were 53 for no loss in their second knock at tea on the third day of the second cricket Test here.
Haslem, Wade power Miami Heat TAMPA  Ever since Alonzo Mourning #39;s devastating revelation of kidney illness in September 2000, the Heat has been more than aware of life without a dominant big man.
Impact of soaring oil prices less consequential than in 1970s &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The impact of the current surgein oil prices, though noticeable, is likely to prove less consequential to economic growth and inflation than in the 1970s, US Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan said Friday.
Delta warns of bigger losses No. 3 airline says loss to be worse than forecasts; gives new warning of bankruptcy threat. NEW YORK (Reuters) - Delta Air Lines Inc.
Bayliss tips Rossi for big race World champion Valentino Rossi will be unbeatable in Sunday #39;s Australian Motorcycle Grand Prix, according to Australian Troy Bayliss.
Two educators are among year #39;s Milken recipients; each gets &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Lesa Martin and Jaunee Perry work for different school districts, but they have two things in common. Both women are dedicated teachers who strive to inspire and enrich the lives 
Palestinians Pick Up Pieces After Israeli Offensive Palestinians picked over the rubble of more than two weeks of fighting in a refugee camp on Saturday after Israeli tanks quit northern Gaza to end a crushing offensive.
Rain is a gain for Boston Skies here were overcast by day, rainy by night. An uninitiated visitor might expect around-the-clock gloom to deepen despair over the local nine and their two-game 
Tavarez says Cards are better HOUSTON - A 2-0 lead in the National League Championship Series reinforced Julian Tavarez #39;s belief that St. Louis is better than Houston despite not having faced aces Roger Clemens and Roy Oswalt.
Bungie on Halo 2 Leak October 15, 2004 - Thanks to Eurogamer for the head #39;s up that Bungie posted a FAQ on Bungie.net regarding the Halo 2 leak: Is it true?
 #39;Loser #39; T-shirt pulled from stores By wire services. On Thursday, the clothing retailer recalled the shirt, which had the slogan  quot;L is for Loser quot; next to a picture of a gymnast on the still rings.
Muslims Asked to Concentrate on Righteous Deeds JEDDAH, 16 October 2004 - Sheikh Saleh Al-Taleb, one of the imams of the Grand Mosque in Makkah, yesterday called upon Muslims to outdo each other in righteous deeds to win rewards during Ramadan.
NBA Brings Its Game to Beijing (AP) AP - The NBA has come to booming, basketball-crazy China  #151; but it doesn't expect to make any money soon. The league flew more than 100 people halfway around the world for its first games in China, featuring the Houston Rockets  #151; with Chinese-born star Yao Ming  #151; and the Sacramento Kings.
Geiberger Avoids Bogeys, Leads Greensboro (AP) AP - Brent Geiberger stayed out of trouble for a change. "That was probably one of the things holding me back," he said. "I might have three or four birdies and then three or four bogeys. Instead of having a nice round, you have a little sub-par round when everybody else is shooting 3 or 4 under."
The thrill isn't gone just yet Apres le deluge , now what? Well, a possible Miracle of the Shoe, if Terry Francona is to be believed, and that comes with a parental warning, given the tardiness with which the Red Sox disclosed the severity of Curt Schilling's right ankle injury.
There's been no reign after delays Rain and the Red Sox have not been good partners in October. In the three most dramatic and disappointing Boston baseball finishes of the last 30 years, a rain delay halted action just when things started to get interesting.
Changeups can't cross up Varitek The Red Sox pitching rotation is suddenly a shell game. It started out as Curt, Pedro, Bronson, and Wake, with Derek as the odd man out. But then Curt's ankle made headlines, and that's why Derek will pitch for Curt in Game 5. No, wait. Now it's raining, and everyone gets an extra day off, so Pedro might pitch for ...
Gloom was in forecast As badly as the Red Sox wanted to post their first win in the American League Championship Series, they were no match last night for the rain, which washed out Game 3 of their showdown with the Yankees at Fenway Park. Game 3 will be played tonight at 8:19, though customers with tickets to last night's rainout (marked  quot;Home Game ...
Field of dreams turned out all wet On a night when there would be no playoff baseball, there was a desperate need for any sort of show. Curt Schilling merely walking to the bullpen served the purpose.
Report: Caminiti died from overdose Preliminary results of the autopsy performed on Ken Caminiti show that the former National League MVP died of a drug overdose, a New York City police source told ESPN.
Hill's goal to play active role They are 22 years old, rookies barely out of their junior years at Miami and Louisiana State, but one is already starting for the defending Super Bowl champions, while the other is trying to break through the group of young defensive ends in front of him.
Injuries leave Jaguars with no end in sight The Jacksonville Jaguars now have lost both starting defensive ends for the season. The Jags placed Lionel Barnes on injured reserve yesterday with a shoulder injury. Barnes hurt his shoulder Sept. 19 against Denver. He missed one game but returned to the starting lineup two weeks ago against Indianapolis. He did not play last week at San Diego.
Coach: It's no big deal With the NFL trading deadline set for 4 p.m. Tuesday, Patriots coach Bill Belichick said there didn't seem to be much happening on the trade front around the league.
Today's top 25 games Matchup Comment 1. USC (5-0) vs. No. 15 Arizona St. (5-0) Trojans' Leinart has thrown for 1,187 yards and 10 TDs.
Ciocco's two goals give UNH tie Josh Ciocco scored two goals to lead the No. 8-ranked University of New Hampshire men's hockey team to a 4-4 tie with the No. 3 University of Michigan last night in Ann Arbor , Mich.
BC starts fast, finishes strong It was the first game of the year, but Boston College was in midseason form. The Eagles came out flying in the first period last night, established a 3-0 lead, and never looked back, defeating defending national champion Denver, 6-2, at Conte Forum.
Match pair for Els Ernie Els scored close victories over Scott Drummond and Angel Cabrera yesterday to move into the semifinals of the World Match Play Championship at Virginia Water, England, and stay on course for a record sixth title.
Barnstable dominates Chelmsford in deciding game New year, same result. In a rematch of last year's Division 1 state championship, the Barnstable girls' volleyball team again upended Chelmsford in a 2-1 victory yesterday at Barnstable High School.
Walsh in charge for Masconomet Myles Walsh stole the spolight in what is normally hailed as the Drew Carey show in Masconomet, as the Chieftains claimed a 28-7 victory over visiting Newburyport (1-5).
Finish line is in sight for Martin Self-proclaimed sham Mark Martin vowed to leave racing at the top of his game. A late-season surge has put him there, back in the chase for that elusive NASCAR title.
Transactions BASEBALL Atlanta (NL): Assigned Ps Tim Drew and Travis Smith outright to their minor league camp and announced they will become free agents; activated INF Carlos Guzman from the 15-day DL and released him. Baltimore (AL): Assigned OF Darnell McDonald outright to Ottawa (IL); purchased the contract of P Jacobo Sequea from Bowie (EL) and added him to the 40-man ...
Tizbud seeks second California Classic in row Tizbud returns to the races today for the first time since winning last year's California Cup Classic, and Excess Summer has run only once in almost eight months.
Venus Williams misses out as Davenport advances to Kremlin Cup semifinals Venus Williams was upset yesterday in a Kremlin Cup quarterfinal for a number of reasons, her 10 double faults and 29 unforced errors the most significant ones. Playing her first tournament since losing to Lindsay Davenport in the US Open, Williams was routed by Elena Bovina , 6-3, 6-2, in Moscow in a little more than an hour. The 19-year-old ...
India's Congress Set to Form Govt in Key State  BOMBAY (Reuters) - India's ruling Congress party won power  in a key state on Saturday after it emerged as the largest  group in elections, the first major political test since its  victory in national polls in May.
Racers Rely on High-Octane Data For today's IndyCar drivers, risking their lives on over 200-mph turns isn't enough to guarantee a shot at victory. Racers also rely on sophisticated data-analysis software to constantly monitor their car's inner workings. By Patrick Karle.
Drawings Blamed for Genesis Crash An investigating board says the capsule was doomed by faulty engineering drawings that were done backward. The drawings led to incorrect placement of switches that were supposed to detect Genesis' re-entry into Earth's atmosphere.
Antidepressants and Suicidal Kids Because some antidepressant drugs have been shown to lead to suicidal thoughts among children and teens, the FDA decrees that all manufacturers must carry a warning on their labels.
New Crew Arrives at the Space Station A Soyuz spacecraft with a replacement crew for the International Space Station docked with the orbiting complex early on Saturday, becoming its fresh lifeboat.
NASA Reviews Mix-Up That Doomed Capsule The agency is trying to figure out how an embarrassing error eluded the review process, apparently resulting in the crash of the Genesis space capsule in Utah last month.
Tsvangirai cleared but 20 MDC held JOHANNESBURG - Zimbabwean police yesterday arrested 20 supporters of opposition leader Morgan Tsvangirai after he was cleared of plotting to kill President Robert Mugabe, although most were later released, an opposition party official said.
Israel ends Gaza Strip raid leaving 123 Palestinian dead, heavy &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Israel withdrew its tanks and ground forces from populated areas in the northern Gaza Strip on late Friday, ending its bloody operation in the area.
Greenspan #39;s act will be difficult to follow WASHINGTON When Alan Greenspan finally retires from the Federal Reserve, will he leave behind any of his DNA? After more than 18 remarkable years as Fed chairman, the owlish and idiosyncratic Greenspan will be required by law to step down in January 2006.
Greenspan allays fears of oil impact WASHINGTON - Record global oil prices should have little long-term impact on the US recovery, nor should it even spark a new round of inflation, says Alan Greenspan, the US Federal Reserve chairman.
US Airways to cut pay by 21 percent; Delta warns it #39;s near &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; A bankruptcy judge granted US Airways authority yesterday to temporarily cut the pay of its union workers by 21 percent, comparing the airline #39;s financial outlook to  quot;a ticking fiscal time bomb.
Investors fear no fix for Netflix Shares of Netflix, which pioneered renting movies by mail, plunged as much as 43 percent after the company cut its subscription price and said Amazon.
NASA Reviews Mix-Up That Doomed Capsule Five years ago, after two NASA missions to Mars were doomed by elementary mistakes - a software glitch and a mix-up between English and metric units - the space agency devised more elaborate 
India v Australia second test scoreboard - tea  UPDATE 2-Cricket-Warne takes six but India establish handy lead October 16, 2004 09:12:55 MADRAS, India, Oct 16 (Reuters) - World test wicket record holder Shane Warne grabbed six wickets as India established a handy 141-run first innings lead in the 
O #39;Neal out with tight hamstring Shaquille O #39;Neal missed the Miami Heat #39;s preseason game against the Orlando Magic on Friday because of a tight left hamstring.
Teacher: On tape, prince says he cheated READING, England -- A teacher #39;s tape recording of Prince Harry purportedly admitting he cheated on an art exam is insufficient to warrant a renewed investigation into the incident, an examination board said Friday.
Gas Prices Continue Slide US average retail gasoline prices fell over the last two weeks and are poised to slip even further as crude oil prices continue to tumble, an industry analyst said on Sunday.
Pressure over Iraq troop movement The government faces pressure over plans to send UK troops to an area south of Baghdad, to assist US forces.
De Niro no-show for Italian award Robert De Niro fails to show up at an awards ceremony in Milan and a press conference in Rome.
Delta at bankruptcy  #39;finish line #39; Financially troubled Delta Air Lines said Friday that it is burning through cash much faster than expected and its third-quarter loss will be far greater than expected.
Pepsi, Coke updating labels with more nutritional data No more math required to figure out how many calories are in that 20-ounce bottle of pop. Revised labels will calculate it for you starting next year.
Park continues to set torrid pace PALM DESERT -- For the second consecutive day, Grace Park turned Bighorn Golf Club into her personal shooting gallery, bagging six more birdies during Friday #39;s second round of the Samsung World Championship.
Dr. Kashnikow Wins Meadowlands Feature Dr. Kashnikow (7), ridden by Richard Migliore, beats out Tam #39;s Terms (8) to win the \$200,000 Grade III Cliff Hanger Handicap at the Meadowlands in East Rutherford, NJ, Friday, Oct. 15, 2004.
Greece gets onto Security Council For only the second time in its history, Greece has been awarded a non-permanent seat in the UN Security Council after a vote in New York yesterday.
Maoists will halt attacks during gala KATHMANDU: Maoist rebels fighting for a Communist state in Nepal said yesterday they will suspend military operations during a popular festival.
U.S. Image Slides, but Americans Popular (AP) AP - America's popularity around the world has taken a beating in recent years, according to a set of coordinated polls conducted in 10 different countries. But the survey also found that despite widespread animosity toward President Bush, huge majorities said they have a good opinion of Americans.
Policeman, Three Afghan Children Killed (AP) AP - A bomb attack in an eastern Afghan province killed at least three children and a policeman on the first day of the Islamic holy month of Ramadan, the government said Saturday.
Oil breaks through US\$55 a barrel The Chairman of the US Federal Reserve, Alan Greenspan, says he believes the current surge in global oil prices will not have the same impact on economic growth and inflation as the energy crisis of the 1970s.
Stock option rule delay provides chance for fix That #39;s what corporations great and small will begin telling rank-and-file employees when they stop issuing them stock options.
PayPal: Service Fully Restored PayPal on Thursday reported that it had restored its online payment services after facing intermittent outages for more than five days.
Beckham prepares his defence ENGLAND captain David Beckham was today starting to compile the defence of his self-confessed deliberate booking against Wales to try to avoid a disciplinary charge.
SEEDED TRIO BOW OUT David Nalbandian, Nicolas Massu and Rainer Schuettler - the top three seeds - all lost on Friday in the quarter-finals of the indoor hardcourt event in Vienna.
Astros #39; hopes ride on aging Clemens The guy the Houston Astros are counting on today probably could fool a teenage movie clerk into thinking he qualifies for the senior discount.
Martin Back in Chase for NASCAR Title Dale Earnhardt Jr, right, talks with Matt Kenseth, left, during a break in practice at Lowe #39;s Motor Speedway in Concord, NC, Thursday Oct. 14, 2004 before qualifying for Saturday #39;s UAW-GM Quality 500 NASCAR Nextel Cup race.
Jimenez Ends Langer's Challenge at 35th (AP) AP - Miguel Angel Jimenez ended the strong challenge of his Ryder Cup captain, Bernhard Langer, on the 35th hole Saturday to earn a semifinal place in the World Match Play Championship.
Judge lets US Airways cut workers #39; pay by 21 ALEXANDRIA, Va. - A bankruptcy judge granted US Airways authority yesterday to immediately cut the pay of its union workers by 21 percent through mid-February, saying the airline #39;s situation is so dire that urgent action must be taken.
Things better without Conway? PeopleSoft Inc., in the midst of fighting a takeover bid from Oracle Corp., is  quot;in better shape quot; because of the departures of Chief Executive Craig Conway and a senior technology official, a director testified.
Royal Group Executives Accused in Fraud Investigation (Update2) Royal Group Technologies Ltd., the Canadian maker of plastic building products, said three executives, including its chairman and founder, are accused of fraud in company dealings with a Caribbean resort.
Companies given more time meet new rules on stock options The Federal Accounting Standards Board has voted to give companies six more months to meet new rules that would require companies to consider employee stock options an expense.
Russian Spacecraft Avoids Collision, Docks with International &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; A three-man crew has arrived at the International Space Station, after a two-day trip in a Russian Soyuz spacecraft. Two of the men will replace the crew now on the station as part of the normal six-month rotation.
iTunes Downloads Hit 150-Million Mark Apple #39;s iTunes music-download service sold its 150 millionth song on Thursday. The service, launched in April 2003, now is selling more than 4 million tracks a week, Apple says.
Music chiefs track down pirates The music industry has fired the first shot in its legal battle with internet file sharers after winning a court order forcing internet service providers to hand over 
Kumble raises Indian hopes of win MADRAS, India -- Indian leg-spinner Anil Kumble achieved his sixth 10-wicket haul in tests to raise his side #39;s hopes of a series-equaling win in the second test against Australia in Madras.
Els edges away from Harrington Ernie Els took a three shot lead against Padraig Harrington at the HSBC World Match Play at Wentworth today. The South African is three up on the Irishman after 17 holes of their semi-final this afternoon.
Golf Roundup: Geiberger battles ailing hip, weather for lead at &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; At Greensboro, NC, A heat wrap kept Brent Geiberger #39;s ailing hip from hurting, and his best consecutive rounds of the season took care of the rest.
MOTOGP NEWS Gibernau, Rossi to fight title from the front. The scene is set for a thrilling Australian Grand Prix after title rivals Sete Gibernau and Valentino Rossi qualified first and second for Sunday #39;s race, in which Rossi could be crowned the 2004 world champion.
Navy on a mission against Notre Dame Two score and one year ago, Navy defeated Notre Dame on the football field. It hasn #39;t happened since. Today at Giants Stadium in East Rutherford, NJ, an undefeated Navy squad seeks to break that 
Palestinians Pick Up Pieces After Israeli Offensive Palestinians picked through the rubble of dozens of homes in a sprawling refugee camp on Saturday after Israel ended its most powerful assault in the Gaza Strip in four years of bloodshed.
Living to the sound of gunfire On Thursday, two bomb attacks killed up to six people in Baghdad #39;s heavily fortified Green Zone. It was believed to be the most secure part of the city, housing the Iraqi interim government and the American and British embassies.
Churches Bombed in Baghdad A series of bombings damaged five churches in the capital early Saturday, and mortars later struck near a hospital and a hotel used by foreign news organizations and diplomats, Iraqi officials said.
UN urges bigger Darfur deployment The UN special envoy to Sudan has welcomed an African Union announcement that it will begin deploying armed peacekeepers to Darfur on Sunday.
Man Remanded over Danielle Murder A 20-year-old man appeared in court today charged with the murder of schoolgirl Danielle Beccan. Mark Ontonio (cor) Kelly is accused of killing the 14-year-old in the early hours 
Human Lie Detectors Almost Never Miss, Study Finds (Reuters) Reuters - As he lies, the young man shrugs,\flutters his eyelids and shakes his head. Another, on a witness\stand, grimaces for a millisecond as he answers a question.
India's Congress Wins Polls in Key Industrial State  BOMBAY (Reuters) - India's ruling Congress party won power  in a giant state on Saturday, a victory that would boost the  fortunes of Italian-born Sonia Gandhi's party and strengthen  Prime Minister Manmohan Singh's minority national coalition.
Single Mothers 'Not Very Good,' EU Candidate Says  ROME (Reuters) - Italy's disputed candidate for EU justice  and security commissioner, under fire for calling homosexuality  a sin, has said single mothers are "not very good."
Moore election special is dropped A three-hour election show from film-maker Michael Moore has been dropped by a US cable TV company.
Five Churches, Hospital Bombed in Baghdad BAGHDAD, Iraq - Bombs exploded outside five churches in Baghdad and mortar rounds hit near a hospital and a hotel frequented by foreigners, as U.S. forces loosened a cordon around the Sunni insurgent stronghold of Fallujah after several days of clashes with rebels there...
Two U.S. Soldiers Killed in Afghanistan KABUL, Afghanistan - A bomb killed two American soldiers and wounded three others in southern Afghanistan, the U.S. military said Saturday, while a separate attack in an eastern Afghan province killed at least three children and a policeman on the first day of the Islamic holy month of Ramadan...
Fresh Wave of Violence in Baghdad Explosions damaged churches and hit a hospital and hotel in Baghdad on Saturday in fresh challenges to Iraq's U.S.-backed interim government.
LiveWire: Web Sites Serve Up Array of Dining Options (Reuters) Reuters - In the mood for an Italian, Thai or\maybe an Indian meal? Web sites that specialize in restaurant\reservations can help diners decide, though they may not make\it any easier to snag a table at a popular spot.
Google's Desktop Search is valuable, yet creepy (SiliconValley.com) SiliconValley.com - Google's new Desktop Search software is a muscle car among search engines, racing through personal data stored inside your computer to instantly find things you can't easily locate.
Wall Street Faces 2 Elections, Not Just 1 (Reuters) Reuters - The waiting game for the U.S.\presidential election ends two weeks from Tuesday -- but then\investors can turn over the timer and start again.
Holiday Sales Forecasted in New Ways (Reuters) Reuters - There's nothing like a picture of a\child with Santa Claus -- especially since the number of\parents who line up in stores to get these photos taken could\indicate the health of the holiday shopping season.
India's Congress Wins Polls in Key Industrial State (Reuters) Reuters - India's ruling Congress party won power\in a giant state on Saturday, a victory that would boost the\fortunes of Italian-born Sonia Gandhi's party and strengthen\Prime Minister Manmohan Singh's minority national coalition.
Away on Business: Recipe for Success (Reuters) Reuters - Cancel the limo. Put down the dining\guides and leave your overcoat in the closet. A power breakfast\or lavish business dinner is just an elevator ride away.
British tennis set for grass cutter (AFP) AFP - Britain's Lawn Tennis Association (LTA) could break with a century-old tradition by dropping the word 'lawn' from the governing body's name, it was reported.
Murali will take back world record from Warne: Ranatunga (AFP) AFP - Sri Lanka's World Cup-winning skipper Arjuna Ranatunga has congratulated his old foe Shane Warne on becoming the world's highest Test wicket-taker, but predicted his glory will be short-lived.
Programs: New 'Sandiego' Has Better Graphics, Less Learning  PROVIDENCE, R.I. (Reuters) - Although the "Carmen Sandiego"  series is synonymous with learning, the latest game has been  drained of virtually all educational content.
AP: Memo Warned About Medicare Cards (AP) AP - Some seniors are confused by Medicare's new prescription discount card system because early information mailed to them was unclear or incomplete, according to a report by the government's health policy watchdog.
Russian spacecraft docks with space station Russian spacecraft carrying a Russian-US crew successfully docked with the International Space Station (ISS) on Saturday morning. The Soyuz TMA-5, which was launched Thursday 
 #39;Sharon is a butcher #39; Jabaliya - Palestinians on Saturday surveyed the widespread devastation inflicted by Israeli troops during an 18-day military operation in the northern Gaza Strip, after the troops redeployed overnight - comparing the scene to the aftermath of an 
Explosions Rock Baghdad, Saturday Explosions have rocked the Iraqi capital, Baghdad, leaving at least one person dead and several others wounded. Officials say a hospital worker was killed Saturday, when a mortar round exploded outside a Baghdad hospital.
New crew arrive at space station Three new crew members have reached the International Space Station after a Russian spacecraft docked successfully. Salizhan Sharipov and Yuri Shargin and US astronaut Leroy Chiao are all now on board the 
Park in overdrive at Samsung Championship Palm Desert, CA (Sports Network) - Grace Park fired a 10-under-par 62 on Thursday to take the first-round lead of the Samsung World Championship at Bighorn.
Beckham plans his defence England captain David Beckham is starting to compile the defence of his self-confessed deliberate booking against Wales to try to avoid a disciplinary charge.
Nalbandian, Massu in CA Trophy quarterfinals Top-seeded David Nalbandian of Argentina and Olympic champion Nicolas Massu of Chile advanced to the quarterfinals of the CA Trophy Thursday with straight-set victories while American Robby Ginepri upset No.
Sadler hopes to sneak up on title Elliott Sadler knelt beside the wheelchair of 9-year-old Taylor Downard behind his hauler before Fridays final practice for tonights race at Lowes Motor Speedway.
One man #39;s leg could be pivotal Everyone who follows Virginia football has a particular memory of the Cavaliers #39; epic victory over Florida State in 1995. Adrian Burnim and Anthony Poindexter teaming to stop Warrick Dunn inches short of the goal line on the game #39;s final play.
Top-three seeds waltz out of Vienna Vienna, Austria (Sports Network) - Top seeds David Nalbandian, Nicolas Massu and Rainer Schuettler were all quarterfinal losers Friday at the indoor BA-CA Tennis Trophy.
Mark Kreidler: Yao Ming epitomizes the Chinese athlete who is &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Bee Columnist. BEIJING - The stories of Yao Ming and Liu Wei are told here, of course. They tell the stories here just as they do in Shanghai, if with a bit less of the obvious pride that 
Sadler #39;s game plan: Beat Gordon Driver figures if he can finish ahead of 4-time series champion, he has good shot at 2004 title. By Steve Ballard. CONCORD, NC -- Elliott Sadler has looked at the field in the 10-man Chase for the Nextel Cup and worked out a simple formula for winning it.
Afghans need time, world #39;s continued help Wherever people are given the opportunity to select their leaders for the first time, they will embrace it. They defy all odds - violence, threats, the elements, logistical problems - to have their say.
Schilling still may pitch for Boston against New York BOSTON -- With a balky ankle and tight shoes, Curt Schilling took the mound on Friday, throwing batting practice speed in the bullpen during a steady rain.
India #39;s Congress Wins Polls in Key Industrial State India #39;s ruling Congress party won power in a giant state on Saturday, a victory that would boost the fortunes of Italian-born Sonia Gandhi #39;s party 
Schwab posts loss in quarter Discount brokerage Charles Schwab Corp. suffered a \$41 million loss during its fiscal third quarter as it absorbed costs from job cuts and other restructuring steps it hopes will reverse a protracted slump.
Federer, Roddick, Hewitt pull out of Madrid Masters Roger Federer, Andy Roddick and Lleyton Hewitt -- the world #39;s top three ranked players -- pulled out of next week #39;s Madrid Masters in another wave of withdrawals from the hard-court tournament.
Israeli cleared after gunning down girl The Israeli army has cleared a commander serving in the southern Gaza town of Rafah of any wrongdoing a few days after he riddled a Palestinian girl #39;s body with bullets.
Astros' Lidge Ready to Be Called Upon (AP) AP - Brad Lidge is starting to get antsy. The Houston Astros' closer has warmed in the first two games of the NLCS, but has remained in the bullpen. He wasn't needed in Game 5 of the division series, either, so his last appearance was Sunday  #151; when he blew a save against Atlanta.
Venus Williams Upset in Kremlin Cup Play (AP) AP - A weakened Lindsay Davenport lost to defending champion Anastasia Myskina 6-4, 7-6 (1) Saturday in the Kremlin Cup semifinals but will still regain the No. 1 ranking next week.
Both Coca-Cola, Pepsi to list calorie counts No more math required to figure out how many calories are in that 20-ounce bottle of soda. Revised labels will calculate it for you starting next year.
Karzai takes lead in Afghan presidential polls The incumbent Afghan president HamidKarzai has taken lead in the presidential polls as he had secured 77 percent of the votes counted so far, a spokesman of the joint UN-Afghan election commission said Saturday.
Darfur refugee death toll at 70,000 GENEVA - The World Health Organization says that since March, at least 70,000 people in Sudan #39;s western Darfur province have died because of poor conditions in camps for internally displaced people.
Man appears in court over Danielle murder A man is due in court accused of the murder of 14-year-old schoolgirl Danielle Beccan in a drive-by shooting. The teenager died after being shot yards from her home in the St Ann #39;s district of Nottingham as 
Peru President's Kin Create Headaches (AP) AP - If U.S. presidents Jimmy Carter or Bill Clinton ever thought their brothers caused them public relations headaches, they might feel lucky compared to Peruvian President Alejandro Toledo.
Deluge of Big Earnings to Dominate  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stock investors face a  mind-numbing pile of information next week as corporate  earnings and economic data pour in, Alan Greenspan speaks and  the presidential election heads toward the homestretch.
Holiday Sales Forecasted in New Ways  NEW YORK (Reuters) - There's nothing like a picture of a  child with Santa Claus -- especially since the number of  parents who line up in stores to get these photos taken could  indicate the health of the holiday shopping season.
Away on Business: Recipe for Success  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Cancel the limo. Put down the dining  guides and leave your overcoat in the closet. A power breakfast  or lavish business dinner is just an elevator ride away.
Car Bombs Kill Five Troops in Iraq BAGHDAD, Iraq - Car bombs killed five U.S. troops in Iraq, the U.S...
The day on Wall Street: Stocks up for day, down for week Stocks fell for the second straight week as investors recoiled from a major insurance industry scandal, record high oil prices, a worsening trade deficit and a mixed bag of corporate earnings.
Intel having a hard time competing with AMD Recent months have seen AMD taking an upper hand over Intel in the chip market. And the latest news is another new indication that Intel is struggling to keep up with the pace they once spearheaded.
Rockstar Games turns on the radio; GTA soundtrack details emerge Rockstar updates official Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas site with info on the game #39;s soundtrack. Rockstar Games updated the official Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas site with information on the ten radio stations 
Fans Flock to See Shaq, but He Sits Friday night #39;s game between the Magic and the Miami Heat drew an announced 20,454 to the St. Pete Times Forum. For an NBA exhibition game, that #39;s not bad.
Gotta Love This Time Of Year This has been one heck of a season thus far. Every week, there have been games that have been dynamite. I can understand the proponents of keeping the bowl system the way it is.
UK opposition figure seeks troop info British opposition politicians are demanding the government clarify plans for the nation #39;s troops in Iraq, Sky News reported Saturday.
US Airways gets OK to cut workers #39; pay ALEXANDRIA, Va.  A bankruptcy judge granted US Airways authority Friday to immediately cut the pay of its union workers by 21 percent through mid-February, saying the airline #39;s situation is so dire that urgent action must be taken.
RBC Centura announces leadership change Scott Custer has been named RBC Centura Banks Inc. #39;s chief executive officer, succeeding Kel Landis, who is retiring from the Rocky Mount-based regional bank.
A New Crew Arrives At the Space Station A Soyuz spacecraft with a replacement crew for the International Space Station docked safely with the orbiting complex early today.
Starbucks Spreading Its CD  #39;Bars #39; Starbucks is pushing its new digital music offering into Seattle and Austin in the next month. The Hear Music media bar is an in-store kiosk that allows consumers to buy customizable CDs.
EarthLink to share Con Ed #39;s lines EarthLink will begin providing Internet connections over Consolidated Edison #39;s power lines in Manhattan in the next several months, following an FCC vote last week to establish new ground rules for commercial deployment of the service.
Fossil of dinosaurs in sleeping posture found in China Chinese and American scientists have discovered a fossil in northeast China which has provided a first look at dinosaurs #39; bird-like sleep.
Els, Westwood lead World Match Play s-finals VIRGINIA WATER (England) - Titleholder Ernie Els overcame a dismal putting performance to forge a 3-up lead over an injured Padraig Harrington on Saturday after 18 holes of their World Match Play semi-final.
UPDATE 1-Canas to meet Lopez in second final in two weeks Guillermo Canas followed up his defeat of top seed David Nalbandian by beating unseeded German Tommy Haas 6-4 6-3 on Saturday to reach the final of the Vienna Trophy.
Stuttgart Claim Top Spot with Win over BVB Matthias Sammer #39;s Stuttgart went top of the Bundesliga on Saturday after a 2-0 win over the coach #39;s former team. At times efficient, at others exciting, VfB looked the complete package and deserving league leaders.
Check Fridays and Mondays for weekly team updates and match &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; It was quite simply the performance of the year for the Americans. In a perfect storm of what could go right for the US mens national team, Panama 
Illinois Fighting Illini CHAMPAIGN, Illinois (Ticker) -- No. 13 Michigan tries to avoid its first road loss to Illinois in 21 years when the Big Ten Conference foes meet Saturday.
Forgive and forget The most surprising part of last night #39;s pre-season Raptors game was the indifference displayed by the Air Canada Centre crowd toward Vince Carter.
Car Bombs Kill 5 US Troops In Iraq BAGHDAD (CBS) Five US servicemen lost their lives to car bombs in Iraq, the US military said Saturday, the latest in a string of such attacks at the start of the Islamic holy month of Ramadan.
Butcher of Bali faces execution RADICAL Islamic cleric Abu Bakar Bashir could face the death penalty if convicted of charges over the Bali bombings, which killed 88 Australians.
Attacks Kill Two US GIs in Afghanistan An Afghan election worker puts ballot papers next to Hamid Karzai #39;s name at Kabul #39;s counting center on Thursday Oct. 14, 2004.
Rwanda to delay deploying extra troops to Darfur by one week &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Rwanda will delay sending troops to Sudan #39;s troubled Darfur region by about a week because preparations have not been made to quarter the soldiers, an official said Saturday.
Danielle murder accused remanded The family of drive-by shooting victim Danielle Beccan were in court to see the man accused of her murder in the dock. Mark Ontonio Kelly ,20, is accused of killing the 14-year-old as she walked home with 
DRC will not accept further  #39;aggression #39;: Kabila KISANGANI, DR Congo (AFP) - The Democratic Republic of Congo, which is emerging from five years of bloody warfare,  quot;will allow no further aggression, quot; warned President Joseph Kabila on his first visit to the restive east of this vast central African 
Man sentenced to life for backpacker murder Ian Previte, a drifter, has been found guilty of murdering 19-year-old British backpacker Caroline Stuttle in Bundaberg, Australia, April 10, 2002.
India #39;s Ruling Congress Party Wins Key State Election India #39;s ruling Congress Party has retained power in legislative elections in the country #39;s second largest state of Maharashtra.
More GIs, Families Trust Bush, Poll Finds (AP) AP - When asked whom they would trust as commander in chief, people in military service and their families chose President Bush over Sen. John Kerry, a decorated Vietnam veteran, by almost a 3-to-1 margin.
250 Leaders, But Not US, Back UN Population Plan (Reuters) Reuters - More than 250 world figures --\but not the Bush administration -- have urged the United
UCLA 70, Purdue 64 Sophomore guard Noelle Quinn scored 23 points, and three teammates also finished in double figures as No. 25 UCLA defeated No. 14 Purdue, 70-64, in a nonconference game Sunday at Pauley Pavilion.
Sudan Questions WHO Darfur Deaths Figures  KHARTOUM (Reuters) - Sudan on Saturday questioned U.N.  estimates that up to 70,000 people had died from hunger and  disease in its remote Darfur region since a rebellion began 20  months ago.
Beirut Protests Over U.S. Plan to Freeze Assets  BEIRUT (Reuters) - Lebanon protested to the United States  on Saturday over a proposal to freeze the assets of senior  officials to put pressure on Syria to withdraw its troops from  Lebanon and crack down on terrorism.
Iraq blasts mar Muslim holy feast Insurgents in Iraq carry out a series of bomb attacks to coincide with the start of the holy month of Ramadan.
EU nominee in single mothers row A controversial EU commission nominee sparks a new row by allegedly saying single mums are "not so good".
Madrid attack suspect identified Police in Spain identify the body of an alleged ringleader of the March train bombings in Madrid.
Santomero Says Rates 'Still Stimulative' (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. interest rates are still\stimulative but should return to "more normal levels" as\expansion continues, Philadelphia Federal Reserve President\Anthony Santomero said on Saturday.
Santomero Says Rates 'Still Stimulative'  MADRID (Reuters) - U.S. interest rates are still  stimulative but should return to "more normal levels" as  expansion continues, Philadelphia Federal Reserve President  Anthony Santomero said on Saturday.
Senior House Repulican in Re-Election War (AP) AP - Having served 17 terms, Illinois Rep. Phil Crane is the most senior Republican in the House. His quest for an 18th is proving difficult and has party strategists scrambling to fend off a challenge from Democrat Melissa Bean.
Indonesian cleric charged over Bali bombings  quot;He is charged for having a part in the Bali incident, quot; state prosecutor Andi Herman told Reuters on Saturday. bombing attack at the US-run JW.
Bangladesh v New Zealand scoreboard  Cricket-Buchanan looking for middle-order defiance October 16, 2004 13:39:32 MADRAS, India, Oct 16 (Reuters) - Coach John Buchanan said he was hoping his middle order could dig in to give Australia a chance of saving the second test after India took 
Bush Uses Radio Address to Pan Kerry WASHINGTON - President Bush used his weekly radio address as a campaign tool Saturday, mentioning his unnamed "opponent" five times to plead the case that he, not Democrat John Kerry, has a better slate of domestic policy ideas.    Bush credited his tax cuts for stimulating the economy and said Kerry voted in the Senate to raise taxes...
Greenspan Not Too Worried by the Rise in Energy Prices Alan Greenspan, the chairman of the Federal Reserve, said on Friday that the long-term outlook for global oil supplies is reassuring even though anxiety about dwindling 
Judge rules in favor of Tyco stockholders #39; lawsuit _ A federal judge in New Hampshire says shareholders can go ahead with a class action suit against Tyco International. The suit alleges accounting fraud and looting by former top executives.
Soyuz docks with space station A Russian Soyuz spacecraft brought a new crew to the International Space Station Saturday morning, the Interfax news agency reported.
Google Gets Froogle with UK Shoppers Cosmos Nicolaou said Froogle #39;s UK intro is part of the company #39;s plan to actively pursue overseas expansion.  quot;As Google continues to explore opportunities to bring more of the world #39;s information 
ELS CHASING 1MILLION BIRTHDAY PRESENT Ernie Els will try to mark his 35th birthday tomorrow by winning the World Match Play title at Wentworth for a record-breaking sixth time, and with it collect golf #39;s biggest cheque of 1million yet again.
Davenport loses in Kremlin Cup semis A weakened Lindsay Davenport lost to defending champion Anastasia Myskina 6-4, 7-6 (1) Saturday in the Kremlin Cup semifinals in Moscow but will still regain the No.
Body of slain Chinese hostage flown home from Pakistan ISLAMABAD : The body of a Chinese engineer killed in an army operation to rescue him from his kidnappers was flown to China aboard a Pakistan military plane, officials said.
Black Watch head for Baghdad Opposition parties are demanding an urgent government statement on Iraq, with speculation that the Black Watch are about to start patrolling some of the most dangerous areas of the country.
Another round for the great survivor All of the downfalls and the resurgences of Ariel Sharon pale in comparison to the battle awaiting him on Thursday, when the Likud conference votes on whether to hold coalition talks with Labor.
Soyuz spacecraft docks with ISS MOSCOW. Oct 16 (Interfax) - The Russian manned spacecraft Soyuz- TMA-5 docked with the International Space Station at 8:15 am Moscow time Saturday, an Interfax correspondent reported from the Space Mission Control.
Where to get cheap socks? Go to Froogle IF YOU are planning to head to London for holiday, don #39;t forget to stop by at Google first. The Internet search firm has launched its Froogle price comparison website in Britain, expanding the company #39;s e-commerce 
Soyuz Spacecraft Docks With Space Station KOROLYOV, Russia Oct. 16, 2004 - A Russian spacecraft ferrying a fresh crew to the international space station had to be docked manually Saturday after an unexplained glitch sent it toward the outpost too quickly.
UPDATE 4-Kumble puts India in sight of victory Leg spinner Anil Kumble completed his sixth 10-wicket test haul on Saturday to give India a wonderful opportunity to square their four-match series against Australia.
Park #39;s confidence evident in her game After opening the Samsung World Championship with a 10-under 62, she felt she might go just as low in the second round Friday. She left a few birdie putts short, but finished with a 67 to open a four-shot 
Egypt frees Azzam Azzam after 8 years Egypt yesterday released Azzam Azzam, an Israeli arrested and jailed in Egypt eight years ago on charges of espionage. In exchange, Israel freed six Egyptian students who were captured in August this year 
On Baseball: Rain dulls pain You #39;re angry. You want to lash out. The Red Sox are doing it to you again. They #39;re blowing a playoff series, and to the Yankees no less.
Attacks Kill Two US GIs in Afghanistan A bomb killed two American soldiers and wounded three others in southern Afghanistan, the US military said Saturday, while a separate attack in an eastern Afghan 
Broadband Duopoly Calms Cable, Telecom Battles  LAS VEGAS (Reuters) - The long-promised battle between U.S.  cable and telephone companies has so far been more of an uneasy  peace. Thanks to their duopoly over broadband Internet access,  it may stay that way.
UN agency marks World Food Day The United Nations Food and Agriculture Organisation is celebrating world food day.
NASA Celebrates Life of Astronaut Gordon Cooper By PAM EASTON    HOUSTON (AP) -- Mercury program astronaut Gordon Cooper was remembered Friday by NASA officials and fellow space pioneers as "not too bad of a pilot, but a heck of a good astronaut."    Cooper, who on the final flight of the Mercury program became the first American to spend more than 24 hours in space, died of natural causes Oct. 4 at his home in Ventura, Calif...
New Telescope Being Dedicated in Arizona By ARTHUR H. ROTSTEIN     PHOENIX (AP) -- A troubled, 20-year journey to create the world's most powerful optical telescope is nearing an end, with astronomers hoping to begin using the instrument to look for heavenly breakthroughs early next year...
Soyuz Spacecraft Docks With International Space Station A Russian spacecraft ferrying a fresh crew to the international space station had to be docked manually Saturday after an unexplained glitch sent it toward the outpost too quickly.
Fines and Jail Used to Enforce Flu Shot Rules As the flu vaccine shortage hits home and long lines queue around the supermarket, a handful of states and the nation's capital are threatening doctors and nurses with fines or even jail if they give flu shots to healthy, low-risk people.
Mount St. Helens''Fin' May Be Splitting The stone "fin" on the new lava lobe inside the crater at Mount St. Helens seems to be starting to split. The fin, which is about 200 feet tall and 300 feet wide, is building on the new lava dome, which is about 1,600 feet in diameter and 400 feet high.
Els and Westwood Build Halfway Mach Play Leads  VIRGINIA WATER, England (Reuters) - Defending champion  Ernie Els and Briton Lee Westwood built healthy leads at the  halfway point of the World Match Play semi-finals at Wentworth  on Saturday.
Myskina to Face Dementiva in French Open Rematch  MOSCOW (Reuters) - Anastasia Myskina will take on Elena  Dementieva in the Kremlin Cup final in a repeat of their  all-Russian French Open final after the pair won their  semi-finals in similar fashion on Saturday.
Canas to Meet Lopez in Second Final in Two Weeks  VIENNA (Reuters) - Guillermo Canas followed up his defeat  of top seed David Nalbandian by beating unseeded German Tommy  Haas 6-4, 6-3 on Saturday to reach the final of the Vienna  Trophy.
Broadband Duopoly Calms Cable, Telecom Battles (Reuters) Reuters - The long-promised battle between U.S.\cable and telephone companies has so far been more of an uneasy\peace. Thanks to their duopoly over broadband Internet access,\it may stay that way.
New FCC Rule Will Bring High-Speed Internet to More Americans By JENNIFER C. KERR    WASHINGTON (AP) -- Federal regulators approved new rules Thursday aimed at making high-speed Internet available to more Americans...
All-Girl Swedish Team Tackles Video Gaming At first glance, Les Seules might look like an all-girl rock band - complete with sassy attitudes and fawning male groupies - but the Swedish septuplet doesn't play instruments. They play competitive video games.
Henry shines right on cue IN THAT FAMOUSLY irritating advert, Thierry Henry smiles smugly as he struggles to explain to his audience what he means by Va va voom.
No. 25 UCLA beats Pepperdine 74-61 MALIBU, Calif. -- Lindsey Pluimer scored 22 points and Noelle Quinn poured in 20 to lead No. 25 UCLA past Pepperdine 74-61 on Thursday.
Auburn Headed To Sugar Bowl Auburn #39;s 38-28 win in the SEC championship game Saturday gave the Tigers a perfect 12-0 regular season. It was the first Auburn football team to accomplish that feat.
Last of Mercury Astronauts Remember  #39;Gordo #39; Cooper The last of the seven Project Mercury astronauts who pioneered US space exploration in the 1960s remembered one of their own as a fearless pilot with the  quot;right stuff quot; in 
Canada buries submariner, probes tragedy Canada buried a sailor this week who died in a submarine fire that naval officers say was poorly handled by the vessel #39;s skipper.
EU nominee in single mothers row The Italian minister nominated as EU justice and home affairs commissioner has denied criticising single mothers. Rocco Buttiglione is already at the centre of a row after being rejected by the European Parliament 
With Few Suppliers of Flu Shots, Shortage Was Long in Making Health experts had warned that the nation's system for vaccine supply and distribution was growing increasingly fragile.
Red Sox, Astros Hunt for Their First Wins After Curt Schilling and Pedro Martinez failed to get the Boston Red Sox a win against the New York Yankees in the first two games of the AL championship series, Bronson Arroyo will take the hill for Game 3 at Fenway Park on Saturday.    In Houston, the winless Astros face a similar challenge as they return home and put their hopes in Roger Clemens for NLCS Game 3 against the St...
Stuttgart tops table as Bayern, Bremen lose VfB Stuttgart moved into top spot in the Bundesliga with a 2-0 victory over Borussia Dortmund on Saturday, while Bayern Munich suffered a shock 1-0 home defeat to Schalke.
Sri Lanka crush Pakistan Lahore, Pakistan - Sanath Jayasuriya defied the dew factor with a five-wicket haul as Sri Lanka crushed Pakistan by a massive 119 runs in the day-night final of the triangular series on Saturday.
Myskinia heads all-Russian final Moscow - The Kremlin Cup final will be an all-Russian affair for the first time after defending champion Anastasia Myskina beat new world No.
Pires inspires Arsenal #39;s fightback Robert Pires scored twice and Thierry Henry once as Arsenal hit back to beat Aston Villa 3-1 at Highbury, taking their unbeaten league run to one short of a half-century.
Judge Clears Way for Pay Cuts at US Airways US Airways employees are earning less. A federal bankruptcy judge has given the troubled airline permission to cut the pay off its union employees by 21 percent immediately.
Bolton v Crystal P Bolton expect Jay-Jay Okocha to shake off a groin injury suffered in the defeat at West Brom a fortnight ago. Khalilou Fadiga will be in the Bolton squad for the first time after recovery from a heart complaint.
UPDATE 1-Sri Lanka #39;s Jayasuriya foils Pakistan in final Sanath Jayasuriya took five for 17 to lead Sri Lanka to an emphatic 119-run win the triangular tournament final on Saturday and keep Pakistan waiting for their first one-day title at home.
Kabila Visits Eastern Congo Democratic Republic of Congo President Joseph Kabila has arrived in the eastern city of Kisangani - his first visit to former rebel-held territories since the end of a devastating four-year war.
Look for lower prices on thin TVs While hanging a television on the living-room wall may have captured the imagination of American consumers, it has yet to empty many pocketbooks.
Crazy Horse Kin Want Strip Club Renamed (AP) AP - Descendants of the native American warrior Crazy Horse want a change in the famed Paris strip club named after him.
Philips Signs Services Deal With Dell Royal Philips Electronics has signed a services contract with computer maker Dell Inc., which will manage the electronics company #39;s desktop environment.
Red Sox, Astros Hunt for Their First Wins (AP) AP - After Curt Schilling and Pedro Martinez failed to get the Boston Red Sox a win against the New York Yankees in the first two games of the AL championship series, Bronson Arroyo will take the hill for Game 3 at Fenway Park on Saturday.
Sleek computer moves from den to living room For the past five years, Bill Gates and the people at Microsoft have been trying to turn that boring gray computer box on your desk into a sexy entertainment gadget that you would welcome into your living room or media room.
Arsenal Streak Reaches 49 Games (AP) AP - Defending champion Arsenal stretched its unbeaten streak in the Premier League to 49 games Saturday, beating Aston Villa 3-1 behind two goals by Robert Pires.
Australia #39;s Metcash Unveils A\$846M Bid For Foodland -2- SYDNEY (Dow Jones)--Australian grocery and liquor wholesaler Metcash Trading Ltd. (MTT.AU) Monday launched aA\$846 million takeover bid for the Australian assets of Perth-based Foodland Associated Ltd.
Mini-summit in Libya to seek progress on Darfur crisis CAIRO - Sudans president, threatened with UN sanctions over the Darfur crisis, is due to meet Sunday in Libya with leaders of neighbouring powers to lay down the basis for direct talks with the rebels a few days later.
Canas, Lopez Advance to CA Trophy Final (AP) AP - Argentina's Guillermo Canas beat Tommy Haas of Germany 6-4, 6-3 Saturday to advance to the final of the CA Trophy.
Els and Westwood Set Up Final Showdown  VIRGINIA WATER, England (Reuters) - Defending champion  Ernie Els beat Padraig Harrington 5 4 and Lee Westwood held off  a brave fightback by Miguel Angel Jimenez to win their World  Match Play semi-finals at Wentworth on Saturday.
Kerry Unfit to Lead Amid 'Great Threats', Bush Says (Reuters) Reuters - President Bush labeled Sen. John\Kerry on Saturday a political opportunist who is unfit to lead\amid "great threats" to America.
Two U.S. Soldiers Die in Afghan Attacks A bomb killed two American soldiers and wounded three others in southern Afghanistan, the U.S. military said Saturday, while a separate attack in an eastern Afghan province killed at least three children and a policeman on the first day of the Islamic holy month of Ramadan.
Canas, Lopez Advance to CA Trophy Final Argentina's Guillermo Canas beat Tommy Haas of Germany 6-4, 6-3 Saturday to advance to the final of the CA Trophy.
Colombian Indians Want Time to Forget Their Land &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; By Jason Webb&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; SABANA CRESPO, Colombia (Reuters) - Coca leaves, the rawmaterial of cocaine, should speed you up and give you a buzz.But you'd never know it to look at the Arhuaco Indians ofColombia's Sierra Nevada, who must be strong contenders for thetitle of World's Most Laid-Back People.&lt;/p&gt;
Nordic Nations Prevail in Surveys of World #39;s Hot Economies Forget the stereotypes about Scandinavian socialism and how its high taxes and expensive public health care system are destroying private enterprise.
PayPal Back To Normal PayPal, the popular payment method on auction site eBay Inc., has fixed the technical problems that had plagued the systems for almost a week, leaving many users unable to access their accounts or conduct business.
Canas, Lopez advance to CA Trophy final Guillermo Canas of Argentina will play Feliciano Lopez of Spain in the final of the CA Trophy after straight sets victories Saturday.
UPDATE 2-Arsenal vanquish Villa, Man United lose ground French maestros Robert Pires and Thierry Henry combined to give champions Arsenal a classy 3-1 victory over Aston Villa at Highbury on Saturday.
SPORTSTICKER MLS PREVIEW (SAN JOSE-DALLAS) SOUTHLAKE, Texas (Ticker) -- The battle for the final playoff spot in the Western Conference comes down to 90 minutes of action as the Dallas Burn host the San Jose Earthquakes on Saturday night.
Soyuz docks after space ride A Soyuz spacecraft carrying two cosmonauts and an American astronaut arrived at the International Space Station (ISS) on Saturday after approaching so quickly that a danger signal was activated, causing the crew to switch from autopilot to manual control.
And Then There Were Three America #39;s earliest space explorers bid farewell Friday to fellow Mercury 7 astronaut L. Gordon Cooper, whose toothy grin became a symbol of confidence and graceful daring as his country struggled to open a new frontier.
Tech Digest Dell Inc. said yesterday that it plans to let people who buy its personal computers upgrade for \$39 from a traditional Microsoft Corp.
When Spitzer Speaks, Insurers Take Note A financial industry that had grown comfortable with its regulators is reeling after the New York state attorney general filed charges of wrongdoing and denounced practices that the industry - and its regulators - had viewed as acceptable.
Four bidders court Boeing Speculation runs high over which of these companies might buy the Wichita plant -- perhaps by the end of the year. BY MOLLY MCMILLIN.
Apple on a Roll in Q4 Apple Computer saw its shares jump 13 percent after it delivered a strong quarterly earnings report. Sales were propelled by burgeoning demand for the iPod digital-music player.
Els, Westwood win Match Play semifinals Titleholder Ernie Els moved within sight of a record sixth World Match Play title on Saturday by solving a putting problem to overcome injured Irishman Padraig Harrington 5 and 4.
Garcia and Khan lead in Mallorca Sergio Garcia waltzed into a share of the lead at nine under after a third-round 68 in the Mallorca Classic. The Spaniard holed from a bunker for birdie on 13 and chipped in for birdie on 17 to join England #39;s Simon Khan.
Report: Trainer says Bonds used steroids in  #39;03 According to a report in the San Francisco Chronicle, Bonds #39; personal weight trainer, Greg Anderson, claimed in a recorded conversation last year that the slugger used an undetectable performance-enhancing drug during the 2003 season.
Sun setback for City Kevin Keegan has revealed that Manchester City would be without Sun Jihai will be out of action for a year with a serious leg injury.
Kiwis earn draw in Auckland AUCKLAND: New Zealand produced a superb fight back to hold Australia to a 16-16 draw in the opening game of the Tri-Nations series in Auckland.
Crude oil touches \$55 US a barrel NEW YORKCrude oil hit \$55 (US) a barrel yesterday as traders worried over thin heating oil inventories ahead of winter and Federal Reserve Board chairman Alan Greenspan predicted the soaring costs would not crimp economic growth like in the 1970s.
Seven dead in Afghan attacks as vote count resumes KABUL : Seven people including two US soldiers died in explosions in Afghanistan, officials said, as early results from historic elections gave President Hamid Karzai a strong lead over his rivals.
Robert Di Niro loves Italy!: Hollywood News: Washington, Oct 16: Italians might think otherwise, but Robert De Niro definitely has no bad intentions towards Italy even though his recent actions seem to suggest otherwise.
DRCongo president makes first trip to east: warns against &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; KISANGANI, DRCongo : President Joseph Kabila of the Democratic Republic of Congo (DRC) began a historic visit to the unstable and war-weary east of his country with a warning that the nation would not accept any further  quot;aggression quot;.
Aussie tips Rossi to conquer lsland AUSSIE Troy Bayliss says world champion Valentino Rossi will be unbeatable in today #39;s Australian Motorcycle Grand Prix even though Spain #39;s Sete Gibernau has pole position.
Kiwis hold Aussies 16-16 in Tri Nations opener Winger Luke Rooney scored two tries on debut as Australia drew 16-16 with New Zealand in Saturday #39;s series-opening Tri Nations rugby league test.
UPI NewsTrack TopNews A UN official calls for more aid for Sudan #39;s Darfur region, saying that 70,000 people have died there since March and the toll is rising by 10,000 every month.
 #39;70,000 Darfur dead #39; since March About 70,000 displaced people are thought to have died in Sudan #39;s Darfur region since March, mainly from disease and malnutrition, a UN official says.
Judge OKs US Airways #39; plan to cut pay by 21 The unraveling of the ailing airline industry picked up speed Friday as a bankruptcy judge granted US Airways authority to temporarily cut the pay of its union workers by 21 percent, comparing the airline #39;s financial outlook to  quot;a ticking fiscal time bomb 
Two US soldiers killed, three wounded in Afghanistan KABUL (AFP) - Two US troops were killed and three wounded by a mine detonated by remote control in Afghanistan #39;s southcentral province of Uruzgan, the US military said.
Congo prepares to retake Kilwa A town in the mineral rich Katanga region of the Democratic Republic of Congo has fallen to a mysterious group of militants. Going by the name of the Liberation Movement for 
Lindsay Davenport Upset at Kremlin Cup Lindsay Davenport of the US returns a shot during a match against Francesca Schiavone of Italy at the Kremlin Cup tennis tournament in Moscow #39;s Olympic Indoor stadium on Friday, Oct. 15, 2004.
Manchester United held, Arsenal rolls again Birmingham, England (Sports Network) - Manchester United was held to a scoreless draw at Birmingham City Saturday while Arsenal extended its league unbeaten streak to 49 games by beating Aston Villa, 3-1.
Gasquet reaches first ATP Tour final in Metz France #39;s Richard Gasquet brushed aside American Jeff Morrison 6-1 6-4 in the Metz Open on Saturday to reach his first final of an ATP Tour tournament -- an all-French affair against Jerome Haehnel.
US Airways Says Not Selling Aircraft (Reuters) Reuters - US Airways  said on\Saturday it has no current plans to reduce its fleet of\aircraft, disputing postings on the Internet that the bankrupt\carrier has put planes up for sale.
Els and Westwood clash for million pound Match Play title (AFP) AFP - Defending champion Ernie Els and European Ryder Cup hero Lee Westwood clash for the one million pounds first prize in Sunday's final of the World Match Play Championship after winning their semi-final matches.
US Airways Says Not Selling Aircraft  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - US Airways &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=UAIRQ.OB target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;UAIRQ.OB&lt;/A&gt; said on  Saturday it has no current plans to reduce its fleet of  aircraft, disputing postings on the Internet that the bankrupt  carrier has put planes up for sale.
Colo. Voting Woes Rise As Election Nears (AP) AP - Colorado could end up writing an ugly sequel to the Florida election nightmare of four years ago.
Senior House Republican in Re-Election War (AP) AP - Having served 17 terms, Illinois Rep. Phil Crane is the most senior Republican in the House. His quest for an 18th is proving difficult and has party strategists scrambling to fend off a challenge from Democrat Melissa Bean.
Reports Zarqawi Seized in Iraq Untrue--U.S. Army  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - The U.S. military said on Saturday that  reports that Jordanian militant Abu Musab al-Zarqawi had been  detained in Iraq were not credible.
Sudan Questions WHO Darfur Deaths Figures  KHARTOUM (Reuters) - Sudan on Saturday questioned U.N.  estimates that up to 70,000 people have died from hunger and  disease in its remote Darfur region since a rebellion began 20  months ago.
Russia Wins Permanent Military Base in Tajikistan  DUSHANBE (Reuters) - Tajikistan on Saturday formally  granted Russian forces in the Central Asian state a permanent  military base in a move Russian President Vladimir Putin hailed  as a guarantee of regional security.
Cuba Expels Spanish, Dutch Legislators in EU Spat  HAVANA/MADRID (Reuters) - Cuba said on Saturday it barred  entry to three European lawmakers on a trip to support  dissidents, setting back Spain's campaign to mend frosty ties  between the EU bloc and the communist-ruled island.
Landmark deal: IBM #39;s planned selloff would signal end of an era IBM #39;s expected decision to sell its US\$11.5 billion PC business would mark the end of an era and dramatically reshape the systems landscape, posing both opportunities and pitfalls for solution providers.
Annan rejects Iraq oil bribe claim Kofi Annan rejects claims that France and Russia might have been willing to ease sanctions on Iraq in return for oil.
Pickers to Vintners: A Mexican-American Saga Over the past few years the first fine wines made by former migrant workers, the children of those workers and other Mexican-Americans have been released, winning good reviews.
Clubs to Be Named for Socialite Hilton ORLANDO, Fla. - Paris Hilton knows something about nightclubs, so it makes sense the hotel heiress is the inspiration for a handful of clubs that will bear her name...
Israel Calls Gaza Incursion Successful JEBALIYA REFUGEE CAMP, Gaza Strip - Israel's military said Saturday that its 17-day incursion into the northern Gaza Strip struck a heavy blow to Palestinian militants routinely firing makeshift rockets into the country's southern region.    Palestinian residents, however, accused the army of wanton destruction, saying the broad military offensive targeted densely populated areas never used to launch rockets...
Two American GIs Die in Afghanistan Blast KABUL, Afghanistan - A bomb killed two American soldiers and wounded three others in southern Afghanistan, the U.S. military said Saturday, and an attack in an eastern province killed three children and two others on the first day of the Islamic holy month of Ramadan...
AP Poll: Security Top Issue for Americans WASHINGTON - National security issues such as the war in Iraq and terrorism are dominating voters' attention in the final weeks before Election Day, Associated Press polling found.    Along with security issues like war and terrorism, the economy and health care were near the top of the list of the nation's most important problems in an AP-Ipsos poll...
Thousands Queue for Dwindling Flu Shots SOUTH CHARLESTON, W.Va. - Seventy-year-old Homer Fink spent eight hours sitting next to a supermarket Halloween display for a flu shot that he wasn't able to get at five other places...
Thousands Queue for Dwindling Flu Shots SOUTH CHARLESTON, W.Va. - Seventy-year-old Homer Fink spent eight hours sitting next to a supermarket Halloween display to get a flu shot that he wasn't able to get at five other places...
NatFoods steps up defence Stepping up its takeover defense from predator New Zealand Fonterra Co-operative Group, dairy target National Foods said today its shares were worth between \$6.11 and \$6.65 a share.
Barry Bonds Said to Use Illegal Steroids in 2003 San Francisco Giants slugger Barry Bonds reportedly used undetectable steroids during the 2003 season, the first in which Major League Baseball banned the substance, the San Francisco Chronicle reported Saturday.
Baghdad blasts rock churches as car bombs kill four US troops BAGHDAD : Bomb blasts rocked five churches in Baghdad and a medic died when a mortar round exploded at a hospital, while the US military said twin car bombs killed four US troops and a translator elsewhere in Iraq.
Churches Installing Cell Phone Jammers (AP) AP - It was the reporters who noticed first. Unable to call their editors while covering the weddings of the rich and famous, they asked the priest why their cell phones never worked at Sacred Heart. His reply: Israeli counterintelligence.
Crude Oil May Rise on Supply Concern, Survey Shows (Update2) Crude oil may rise for a sixth week, after reaching a record \$55 a barrel in New York, on concern supply cuts from Norway, Nigeria or Iraq may deter refiners from building winter fuel inventories, a Bloomberg survey shows.
Cards' Kline Could Return in Postseason (AP) AP - Ailing St. Louis reliever Steve Kline was unavailable for Game 3 of the NL championship series on Saturday, but Cardinals manager Tony LaRussa hopes the left-hander will pitch later this postseason.
Microsoft, HP pleased with results of .Net partnership OCTOBER 15, 2004 (COMPUTERWORLD) - Hewlett-Packard Co. and Microsoft Corp. said yesterday that their 2-year-old .Net joint initiative has led to more than 1,000 projects with 700 customers in 39 countries, resulting in \$600 million in revenue.
No. 2 Oklahoma Defeats Kansas State 31-21 (AP) AP - Jason White threw for four touchdowns, two each to Travis Wilson and Mark Clayton, and No. 2 Oklahoma overcame its own mistakes to beat Kansas State 31-21 Saturday.
Notre Dame 27, Navy 9 Notre Dame #39;s size and speed took all the drama out of its 41st straight victory over Navy. Ryan Grant ran for 114 yards and two touchdowns for the Fighting Irish, who had little trouble extending their NCAA 
Michigan State Blows Out No. 19 Minnesota (AP) AP - Drew Stanton passed for 308 yards and ran for 102 more, setting a school record for total offense, to lead Michigan State to a 51-17 victory over No. 19 Minnesota on Saturday.
Three rockets fired in Afghan capital, at least one injured KABUL - Three rockets were fired in the Afghan capital Kabul late Saturday injuring at least one person in the latest of a string of attacks following landmark elections.
Single mother remarks incense civil libertarians A controversial Italian politician has created a furore by making remarks critical of single mothers. Rocco Buttiglione, who has been proposed as the European Union #39;s new Justice Commissioner, has been quoted 
Russia Wins Permanent Military Base in Tajikistan Tajikistan on Saturday formally granted Russian forces in the Central Asian state a permanent military base in a move Russian President Vladimir Putin hailed as a guarantee of regional security.
Redskins' Arrington Out for Sunday (Reuters) Reuters - Washington Redskins star\linebacker LaVar Arrington will miss his fourth straight game\after having right knee surgery last month.
Trainer Says Bonds Took Undetectable Drug: Report  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Baseball star Barry Bonds took an  undetectable performance-enhancing drug during the 2003 season,  his weight trainer said on a secretly recorded tape, The San  Francisco Chronicle reported Saturday.
Dillon Remains Questionable for Sunday  FOXBORO, Mass. (Sports Network) - New England Patriots  running back Corey Dillon is still listed as questionable for  Sunday's game against Seattle with a foot injury.
Westwood Pays Tribute to Battling Jimenez  VIRGINIA WATER, England (Reuters) - Lee Westwood paid  tribute to Miguel Angel Jimenez following his one-hole victory  over the Spaniard in a dramatic World Match Play semi-final at  Wentworth on Saturday.
Germany Awaits Spain Extradition Request (AP) AP - German authorities on Saturday said they were awaiting a formal request from Spain to extradite a Syrian-German businessman suspected of being a key al-Qaida figure.
Ferguson tells United --  #39;You must beat Arsenal #39; Manchester United boss Alex Ferguson says next week #39;s game against Premier League champions Arsenal is a  #39;must win #39; affair for his struggling side.
No. 2 Oklahoma 31, Kansas St. 21 Jason White threw for four touchdowns, two each to Travis Wilson and Mark Clayton, and No. 2 Oklahoma overcame its own mistakes to beat Kansas State 31-21 Saturday.
Violence returns to Afghanistan Six people, including three children and two US soldiers, have been reported killed in Afghanistan, a week after millions voted in a landmark election meant to help bring peace back to their war-ravaged nation.
Spills apart, India hold edge in thriller The Chidambaram Stadium on Saturday was like a cauldron in which about 40,000 people were sweating profusely but their eyes were still glued to the ground.
No. 14 Michigan 30, Illinois 19 Michael Hart rushed for 234 yards and No. 14 Michigan rallied from a halftime deficit to defeat Illinois 30-19 Saturday, sending the Illini to their 12th consecutive conference loss.
Real Madrid held to 1-1 draw by Betis in Spanish league Ronaldo scored a second-half equalizer Saturday to earn struggling Real Madrid a 1-1 draw against Real Betis in the seventh round of the Spanish league.
U.S. Bioterror Plan Frustrates Industry (AP) AP - When President Bush signed Project BioShield into law in July, he said he was immediately making  #36;5.6 billion available to counter such anticipated threats as smallpox genetically engineered to render current vaccines useless.
Two U.S. Helicopters Crash in Iraq, Killing Two (Reuters) Reuters - Two U.S. military transport helicopters\crashed near Baghdad on Saturday, killing two U.S. soldiers and\wounding two others, the U.S. military said.
Peru tells Japan Fujimori headed criminal group (AFP) AFP - Former president Alberto Fujimori, who is in exile in Japan, headed a  quot;criminal organization quot; that murdered 25 people in the early 1990s, the Peruvian Foreign Ministry told Japan in support of an extradition request against Fujimori.
US choppers crash near Baghdad Two American helicopters crash southwest of Baghdad, with two soldiers killed and two injured.
Soyuz Capsule Docks in Tricky Maneuver KOROLYOV, Russia - The Soyuz spacecraft closed in on the international space station at dangerously high speed Saturday, forcing the U.S.-Russian crew to put on the brakes, abandon autopilot and manually dock the Soviet-era capsule in an unplanned and tricky maneuver.    It was a last-minute wrinkle for a crew that had never piloted a Soyuz before...
Oil prices hit another high on Friday Crude oil futures continued to climb Friday, reaching a record high as decline in the US inventory of heating oil and tight supplies still overshadowed the energy markets.
UPDATE 1-Ronaldo strikes to give Real 1-1 draw at Betis Ronaldo scored only his second league goal of the season to scrape a 1-1 draw for Real Madrid away to Real Betis on Saturday. Real, beaten in their two previous league games, fell 
Italy #39;s under-fire EU candidate denies single mothers slur ROME : Italy #39;s disputed nominee for the EU justice and security commissioner #39;s post denied having made new comments denigrating the role of women and said he was being victimized by the media.
Stuttgart stays unbeaten FRANKFURT, Germany -- Stuttgart stretched its unbeaten record and defeated Borussia Dortmund 2-0 to go to the top of the German league while newcomer Mainz stunned defending champion Werder Bremen 2-1 to jump to third place.
Juventus takes control with win over Messina Turin, Italy (Sports Network) - Juventus stretched its Serie A lead to five points Saturday with a 2-1 win over second-place Messina in Turin.
No. 2 Oklahoma 31, Kansas St. 21 _ Jason White threw for four touchdowns as Oklahoma overcame its own mistakes to beat Kansas State 31-to-21 today. Freshman star Adrian Peterson added 130 yards rushing, with all 26 of those coming in the second half.
Heerenveen beats Ajax PSV Eindhoven was leading host ADO The Hague 2-0 Saturday when the Dutch league match was suspended in the 80th minute because of racist chants from the home fans.
Irish no longer under contruction The most remarkable characteristic of Notre Dame #39;s 27-9 victory over Navy was the utter unremarkability of it. Dog bites man. Hare beats tortoise.
Iraq Insurgency Seen With British Eyes They came with their regimental colors, embroidered flags recording battles in 18th-century India, in the Napoleonic wars, against Ottoman legions in Iraq in World War I, on 
Man remanded over Danielle murder A 20-year-old man has been remanded in custody after appearing in court charged with the murder of Nottingham schoolgirl Danielle Beccan.
Powell on a three nation tour Powell will  quot;hold discussions with senior officials in the three countries on bilateral matters, regional security and stability, and issues such as the global war on terrorism, Iraq, North Korea and the six-party talks, quot; it said.
Teacher calls prince a cheat PRINCE Harry has been cleared of cheating to obtain his art A-level pass, despite a secret tape recording in which he allegedly admitted he did only  #39;a tiny, tiny bit #39; of the course work he submitted for the examination.
Jordan cancels Afghanistan soap opera AP - After a week-long advertising blitz, Jordan has abruptly cancelled plans to broadcast a soap opera about Afghanistan after an internet threat to  quot;strike quot; everyone from actors to TV executives if the show portrayed the Taliban in a negative light.
Clash of the Titans THE United States looks set on a collision course with the European Union (EU) over their aircraft industries. In recent months, the two giants have been unable to agree on how best to replace a 1992 bilateral 
Kerry Churns Up Enthusiasm in Former Bush Bastion in Ohio This part of Ohio went for George W. Bush four years ago in a 20-point landslide. But the 2,500 screaming, arm-waving supports of Senator John Kerry who jammed 
Goldman Sachs Goes Green When some distressed debt owned by Goldman Sachs finally flat-lined not long ago, the investment bank found itself in possession of some unusual collateral: 800,000 acres of undeveloped land in Tierra del Fuego.
Military Families Express Some Iraq Doubts (AP) AP - Members of the military and their families say the Bush administration underestimated the number of troops needed in Iraq and put too much pressure on inadequately trained National Guard and reserve forces, according to a poll released Saturday.
U.S. Planes Strike Falluja, Zarqawi Arrest Denied  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - U.S. warplanes struck suspected rebel  targets in the western city of Falluja late on Saturday,  killing three people, but officials denied a report that  Jordanian militant Abu Musab al-Zarqawi had been captured  there.
Former OAS Chief Under House Arrest in Bribe Probe  SAN JOSE, Costa Rica (Reuters) - A Costa Rican judge on  Saturday put the former head of the Organization of American  States under house arrest for six months while he is  investigated for bribery claims, judicial officials said.
Els and Westwood in Match Play final Ernie Els and Lee Westwood will meet Sunday in the finals of the HSBC World Match Play Championship. Els, looking for a sixth win in this event, posted a 5  amp; 4 victory over Padraig Harrington on Saturday.
Lehman and Geiberger share lead at Greensboro classic British Open winner Tom Lehman and Brent Geiberger shared the lead after the third round of the Greensboro Classic on Saturday. Lehman continued 
Ferdinand can benefit from winds of change The gale that engulfed England #39;s footballers against Azerbaijan in Baku on Wednesday night would have had ominous significance in the times of Samuel Pepys, when a superstitious populace believed 
Marquis focused on Game 4 start St. Louis Cardinals pitcher Jason Marquis could be miffed at what could be considered a demotion, being  quot;bumped quot; to Sunday #39;s Game 4 of the National League Championship Series against the Houston Astros.
The Incredible Shrinking Investment Bank Once Wall Street stalwarts, the future of Merrill Lynch and Morgan Stanley are now being questioned - a sign of the broad changes in the financial landscape in recent years.
Sudan refutes Darfur death figures Darfur was about 10,000, blaming malnutrition and disease. He said the figure of 70,000 did not take into account deaths from violence.
Exam board clears Harry London, Oct. 16: Prince Harry was cleared yesterday of cheating in his art A-level by the examination board that set and marked his papers.
Lower Your Window Shades. Today's Film Is 'The Rookie.' At a time when the airlines are facing their most difficult challenges in recent history, they are running through one chief executive after another.
What If a Sales Tax Were the Only Tax? Does replacing personal income and payroll taxes with a national sales tax, an idea President Bush has shown interest in, help the U.S. tax system?
The Dollar Is Defying Both Expectations and Gravity The dollar's strength is surprising, given the record current account deficit, but some forecasters say that strength will continue into next year.
Thousands Line Up for Dwindling Flu Shots SOUTH CHARLESTON, W.Va. - Seventy-year-old Homer Fink spent eight hours sitting next to a supermarket Halloween display for a flu shot that he wasn't able to get at five other places...
Apple: 150M songs sold via iTunes Apple celebrated yesterday when it announced that they have sold now more than 150 million songs via their iTunes Music Store. Despite some reports that overall traffic to online music stores has dropped, Apple #39;s 
Sooners Survive Oklahoma wide receiver Mark Clayton scores a touchdown in the fourth quarter of the Sooners #39; 31-21 come-from-behind win over Kansas State Saturday in Manhattan.
Referee halts Dutch league match over crowd insults Referee Rene Temmink ended the Dutch first division match between ADO Den Haag and PSV Eindhoven 10 minutes early on Saturday after taking exception to insulting chants aimed at him by the home fans.
Celtic leave Hearts broken CELTIC enjoyed a comfortable 3-0 win at home to Hearts overnight as the visitors paid a heavy price for trying to frustrate the Scottish Premier League leaders.
Violence in Afghanistan claims seven lives In Afghanistan, seven people including two US soldiers died in explosions as early results from historic elections gave President Hamid Karzai a strong lead over his rivals.
Arab channels scrap soap on Taliban after Islamist threat DOHA: State television channels of Qatar and Jordan announced on Saturday that they would not broadcast a series on a love story set in Taliban-ruled Afghanistan for technical reasons, a day after Islamists issued threats against the Jordanian 
Row erupts as Cuba refuses entry to Spanish, Dutch lawmakers MADRID : A political row erupted after Spain and the Netherlands vehemently protested Cuba #39;s refusal to grant entry to three parliamentary deputies who had arrived in Havana to meet Cuban dissidents.
Oklahoma Astronaut Remembered _ One of NASA #39;s first astronauts, Oklahoma native L. Gordon Cooper Jr., was remembered at the Johnson Space Center as not too bad of a water skier, not too bad of a pilot, but a heck of a good astronaut.
Els moves in on record sixth title Ernie Els will attempt to win a record sixth World Match Play Championship today after overwhelming Padraig Harrington 5  amp; 4 in the semi-final yesterday.
Ferguson admits United deserve to be written off Manchester United boss Sir Alex Ferguson has admitted that his expensively restructured squad deserves to be written off as serious Premiership title challengers.
Report: Trainer says on tape he gave Bonds steroids Giants slugger Barry Bonds is at the center of another steroids controversy after statements made by his trainer. In Saturday #39;s San Francisco Chronicle, Bonds #39; personal trainer Greg Anderson claimed on tape 
Instant Analysis: Oklahoma at Kansas State Kansas State had Oklahoma on the run for a brief portion of the first half in Saturday #39;s game in Manhattan. But the Cats literally and figuratively dropped the ball, and Oklahoma - on offense and defense - proceeded 
Memorial honors astronaut Cooper The surviving astronauts of the Mercury 7 offered tribute Friday to compatriot Gordon  quot;Gordo quot; Cooper, who died Oct. 4. At a memorial gathering at Johnson Space Center in Houston, former US Sen.
From Baidu in China to Yahoo in America, Search Engine Sales Soar Yesterday, China #39;s #1 search giant, Baidu reported a quadrupling of sales. And on Tuesday, Yahoo! announced that their profits have tripled thanks to online advertising.
UPDATE 2-National City 3rd-quarter profit rises 72 pct National City Corp. (NCC.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Thursday said third-quarter profit rose a greater-than-expected 72 percent, helped by a recent acquisition and its consumer and corporate banking businesses.
Stifling Blues add to United worries Manchester United manager Sir Alex Ferguson flooded the pitch with strikers in a bid to steal a victory that he hoped would prevent Arsenal and Chelsea disappearing over the Premiership horizon.
Enron accused: Im being used to test anti-terror laws A Scottish banker who was told last week he will be extradited to America under new anti-terror legislation to face fraud charges and a possible 35 years in jail, has said his human rights were ignored.
Astros Lead Cards 5-2 After Eight Innings Houston Astros #39; Jeff Kent homers in the first inning against the St. Louis Cardinals during Game 3 of the National League Championship Series in Houston, Saturday Oct. 16, 2004.
COL FB: Oklahoma 31, Kansas State 21 Jason White passed for 256 yards and four touchdowns Saturday as second-ranked Oklahoma overcame Kansas State, 31-21. The reigning Heisman Trophy winner was completed 20-of-31 passes and had one intercepted.
No. 1 USC 45, No. 15 Arizona St. 7 A week after getting past California despite being badly beaten statistically, No. 1 Southern Cal took command early against Arizona State and routed the 15th-ranked Sun Devils 45-7 Saturday.
PSV match abandoned Eredivisie leader PSV Eindhoven #39;s match at ADO Den Haag was abandoned late in the second half due to crowd trouble while Ajax suffered a shock home defeat on Saturday.
Top military analyst: Putting Black Watch on front line makes &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; One of Britains top military analysts has described the plan to send the Black Watch regiment to back up American troops in Iraqs most dangerous areas as a critical, serious and ultimately unnecessary decision that makes no logistical sense 
Hadash to petition AG over Gaza girl #39;s death Chief of General Staff Lt.- Gen. Moshe Ya #39;alon has decided there are no grounds to oust the Givati company commander who allegedly shot schoolgirl Iman al-Hams, 13, at close range and reportedly  quot;verified the kill quot; on October 5 near Rafah.
Astros Defeat Cardinals 5-2 in NLCS Game 3 (AP) AP - Roger Clemens hopped off the mound, pumped his right fist and muttered to himself all the way to the dugout. His work was done and the Houston Astros were exactly where they wanted to be  #151; right back in the NL championship series. Pitching to save the Astros' season, Clemens came through. He slowed down St. Louis for seven innings, closer Brad Lidge finished off the Cardinals and Houston went on to win 5-2 Saturday, cutting its deficit to 2-1.
Closer Brad Lidge Delivers for Astros (AP) AP - No bullpen collapse by the Houston Astros this time. Brad Lidge was on the mound. The Astros closer allowed just one hit and struck out five in two innings Saturday, protecting Houston's lead and helping the Astros beat the St. Louis Cardinals 5-2 in Game 3 of the NL championship series.
No. 1 USC Routs No. 15 Arizona St. 45-7 (AP) AP - Nobody could call Southern California lucky after this game. Dominant would be a better description. A week after getting past California despite being badly beaten statistically, No. 1 Southern Cal took command early against Arizona State and routed the 15th-ranked Sun Devils 45-7 Saturday.
No. 4 Auburn Passes by Arkansas 38-20 (AP) AP - Jason Campbell passed for a career-high 297 yards and three touchdowns to lead No. 4 Auburn to a 38-20 rout of Arkansas on Saturday.
Redskins Sign Kicker for Bears Game (AP) AP - The Washington Redskins signed Ola Kimrin on Saturday to replace injured kicker John Hall.
No. 9 Texas Holds Off Missouri 28-20 (AP) AP - Cedric Benson rushed for 150 yards and two touchdowns and No. 9 Texas shook off a post-Oklahoma hangover Saturday with a 28-20 win over Missouri.
Clemens Pitches Astros Back Into NLCS Series  HOUSTON (Reuters) - Roger Clemens pitched seven gritty  innings and Houston batters belted three home runs as the  Astros beat the St Louis Cardinals 5-2 in Game Three of the  National League Championship Series Saturday.
Lehman and Geiberger Share Lead at Greensboro Classic  GREENSBORO, North Carolina, Oct 16 (Reuters) - British Open  winner Tom Lehman and Brent Geiberger shared the lead after the  third round of the Greensboro Classic Saturday.
Astros Take Game 3 Roger Clemens resuscitates the Astros' NLCS hopes with seven strong innings to lead Houston to a 5-2 win over St. Louis, cutting the Cardinals' series lead to 2-1.
A Blitz of Questions Fans around FedEx Field are beginning to wonder if Coach Joe Gibbs might yank veteran Mark Brunell, but Gibbs reiterated he has no plans to change quarterbacks.
Trojans Protect Ranking Top-ranked Southern California makes a statement with a dominating 45-7 victory over fifteenth-ranked Arizona State on Saturday.
Bison Take It in OT Howard quarterback Marcus Moreno runs for a six-yard touchdown to give the Bison a 42-35 overtime win over Morgan State.
White in Heisman Form Jason White throws four touchdowns and No. 2 Oklahoma overcomes its own mistakes to beat Kansas State, 31-21, on Saturday.
For Itati, Baltimore Is First-Time's-the-Charm City BALTIMORE, Oct. 16 -- John Itati had this crazy idea about three months ago. Why not try to run a marathon?
London's 'erotic gherkin' wins top architecture prize (AFP) AFP - A new skyscraper in London popularly dubbed the  quot;erotic gherkin quot; for its curvaceous shape has won one of Britain's top architecture prizes, organisers announced.
Paper: Expletive Hidden in Campaign E-Mail (AP) AP - A fund-raising e-mail from a Democratic congressional candidate contained a hidden expletive directed at his opponent, a newspaper reported Saturday.
Former OAS Chief Under House Arrest in Bribe Probe  SAN JOSE, Costa Rica (Reuters) - A Costa Rican judge on  Saturday put the former head of the Organization of American  States under house arrest for six months, while he is  investigated for bribery claims, judicial officials said.
Car makers - and unions - must face up to cutting jobs DIAGNOSING the problems faced by Europes car industry isnt rocket science - but listening to Europes auto bosses youd think the causes of the malaise were unfathomable.
Serie A Wrap: Juve Halt Messina As Roma Get Back On Track Saturdays two games in Serie A saw Juventus survive a late scare to call a halt to newly-promoted Messina #39;s unbeaten run, winning 2-1, while Vincenzo Montella underlined his excellent current form with a superb goal for Roma in a storm-interrupted 2-0 
Why trial result was a Mugabe masterstroke THE judge who presided at opposition leader Morgan Tsvangirais 20-month treason trial in Zimbabwe is a corrupt placeman who last year grabbed a prize white-owned farm for himself.
Danielle accused in court Mark Ontonio Kelly, 20, is accused of killing the 14-year-old in the early hours of last Saturday as she returned home with friends from Nottinghams annual Goose Fair.
Record US trade deficit last August. Oil prices and Chinas monetary competitiveness are blamed for the last August 54 billion US dollars trade deficit, the second highest in recent United States history.
Soyuz crew docks craft manually with international space station A US-Russian crew had to turn off autopilot yesterday and manually moor its Soyuz spacecraft to the international space station after an unidentified glitch resulted 
Jimenez ends Langers run WENTWORTH: European Ryder Cup captain Bernhard Langer #39;s exploits in the World Match Play Championship finally came to an end here yesterday when he lost 2 and 1 to Miguel Angel Jimenez in their quarter-final clash.
Astros ride Clemens, homers to win The Houston Astros, down two games to none heading into Game 3 against the St. Louis Cardinals in the National League Championship Series, knew they could absolutely not 
Buckeyes Blasted In Iowa City, 33-7 The Buckeye attempt to bounce back from two straight losses ended with a resounding thud today, falling to Iowa 33-7. Both Justin Zwick and Troy Smith played, but the Buckeye offense stalled and the Buckeye defense could not stop a fine effort by Iowa 
El Nino Juninho blows hot for Celtic THE Hearts manager, Craig Levein, decided it would be more useful to catch a flight to Holland than watch the second half of yesterdays match.
Iraq insurgents hit churches, kill four American troops Explosions damaged churches in Baghdad yesterday and the US military reported the deaths of four more American troops in bomb attacks elsewhere in Iraq.
Now EU justice hopeful slams single parents Italy #39;s would-be European Commissioner, Rocco Buttiglione - already notorious for his view that homosexuality is a sin - has caused fresh outrage this weekend by telling a conference in northern Italy that single mothers are  #39;not very good #39;.
Former OAS Chief Under House Arrest in Bribe Probe A Costa Rican judge on Saturday put the former head of the Organization of American States under house arrest for six months, while he is investigated for bribery claims, judicial officials said.
Red Sox Still Hopeful of Schilling Pitching (AP) AP - Red Sox ace Curt Schilling's right ankle was nothing worse than sore on Saturday, a day after he tested it with hopes of returning to the Boston rotation before the end of the playoffs.
Greenspan upbeat on oil spike The world will be living with volatile oil prices for years to come, but this year #39;s price spike should not be serious enough to push the country into a recession, Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan said on Friday.
UK bankers face Enron fraud trial Three former bankers with the UK #39;s NatWest bank were told on Friday that they should be extradited to the US to face fraud charges connected to the collapsed energy company Enron.
Sempra to buy Indonesia gas from BP for North America Sempra Energy LNG said Oct. 12 that it signed a 20-year agreement to purchase 3.7 million tons of liquefied natural gas per year from Indonesia for its proposed terminal just south of the US border from BP PLC and its partner Tangguh LNG.
Revolving Door Cindy K. Andreotti, as MCI #39;s president of enterprise sales, and Seth D. Blumenfeld, as head of international sales. Robert D. McTeer Jr.
COAST TO COAST The FBI and New York police detectives have unearthed the mob equivalent of an elephant graveyard. Descending on Ruby Street, in a far-flung corner of Queens, the agents dug for a week in watery soil.
Services Help Social Networks Get Connected Two new Web services launched last week that aim to help people tap their friends for tips about where to eat, shop and play. On Thursday, the event-planning service Evite (www.
Incorrectly Installed Switches Caused Space Crash Earlier This &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The US space agency NASA says incorrectly installed switches are the likely cause of the crash earlier this year of the Genesis space capsule.
Endangered species conference ends The Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species, or CITES, in Bangkok has concluded, with conservationists and many of the 166 member nations supportive of steps taken to regulate the trade in rare species.
Disney uses feng shui in Hong Kong HONG KONG - The Walt Disney Co. is taking a series of steps to address cultural sensitivities as it prepares to open Hong Kong Disneyland a little more than a year from now, the company #39;s president said.
Ben Bova: Exciting new era dawns in space flight Oct. 4, 2004, on the 47th anniversary of Russia #39;s launch of the first artificial satellite, Sputnik, history was again made in space.
Yankees rout Red Sox; take 3-0 series lead CBC SPORTS ONLINE - Ouch. There really is no other way to describe the New York Yankees trouncing of the Boston Red Sox in Game 3 of the American League Championship Series on Saturday night.
Els Eases Into the Final in England Defending champion Ernie Els beat Padraig Harrington 5 and 4 yesterday to move into the final of the World Match Play Championship in Virginia Water, England, and stay on course for a record sixth title.
Park continues to lead at Samsung World Championship Grace Park, her caddie - and fans - were poking around in the desert brush alongside the 18th fairway desperately looking for her ball.
Glazer bid foundered on control condition Cubic Expression #39;s main objection to the Glazer family #39;s 300p-per-share bid for its 29 per cent stake in Manchester United was that the bid was not unconditional.
Fergie Still Fuming over Arsenal Antics Manchester United boss Sir Alex Ferguson has reopened the wounds of last seasons controversial clash with Arsenal at Old Trafford by branding the Gunners as a mob who got away with murder.
Soccer: Bayern fall to Schalke defeat, Stuttgart pull away BERLIN : Bayern Munich tasted their first home defeat of the season with Schalke 04 grabbing a late 1-0 victory at the Olympic Stadium.
Johnson completes sweep at Lowe #39;s CONCORD - When the fastest car in the race went out, it opened the door for everybody else. And that was six of the 10 drivers in the Chase for the Championship and it opened the door for a clean sweep.
Ronaldo saves Real #39;s Betis blushes MADRID, Oct 16 (AFP) - A trademark poacher #39;s strike from Ronaldo saved Real Madrid #39;s blushes at Real Betis on Saturday as his second-half effort rescued a point in a 1-1 draw.
UPDATE 1-Leaders Juve end Messina #39;s unbeaten start Serie A leaders Juventus ended Messina #39;s unbeaten start to the season with a 2-1 win over the Sicilian club on Saturday. Goals from Uruguayan Marcelo Zalayeta and European 
China Games Notebook Friendship is one thing, competition quite another. That was apparent when reporters asked Juwan Howard and Liu Wei about playing against friends, Chris Webber and Yao Ming, in the China Games.
Purdue suffers first loss of season to Wisconsin, 20-17  quot;Everybody on the sideline was saying,Dont get complacent, the game is not over, quot; sophomore linebacker George Hall said.
NBA Game Summary - Detroit At Miami Little Rock, AR -- Dwyane Wade scored 20 points, including eight in the decisive third quarter, to lead the Miami Heat to an 83-74 win over the Detroit Pistons, 83-74, in preseason action.
Yankees 19 Red Sox 8 (Boston-AP, Oct. 17, 2004) _ The New York Yankees put on a record-setting offensive display in routing Boston 19-to-8 to win Game Three of the American League Championship Series.
Australia eyes treaty with Jakarta Australia may try to negotiate a new defense and security treaty with Indonesia, Foreign Minister Alexander Downer said Sunday. A bilateral security agreeement the two neighbors 
Ousted OAS president returning home The former president of the Organization of American States was returning to Costa Rica on Friday to answer questions about whether he accepted kickbacks, government officials said.
UPDATE 2-Ronaldo strikes to give Real 1-1 draw at Betis Ronaldo scored only his second league goal of the season to give Real Madrid a 1-1 draw at Real Betis on Saturday and salvage a point from another mediocre display.
Karzai widens early lead in Afghan poll KABUL, Afghanistan: Interim leader Hamid Karzai has moved far ahead of his rivals in early results from Afghanistan #39;s first-ever presidential elections as ballot counting -- delayed over alleged irregularities -- has gathered speed.
Kabila Visits Ex-Rebel Territory KINSHASA, Congo, Oct. 16 -- President Joseph Kabila of Congo visited territory in the country #39;s northeast formerly held by rebels for the first time since taking power in 2001, his spokesman said Saturday.
AT T, MCI May Be Cheap, But No One Buying (Reuters) Reuters - Shares of long-distance phone\companies AT T Corp.  and MCI Inc.  have plunged\about 20 percent this year, but potential buyers seem to be\holding out for clearance sales.
Egypt Won't Invite Iraq Opposition Groups (AP) AP - Egypt's foreign minister said Saturday that his country would not invite Iraqi opposition groups to a high-level conference on Iraqi elections planned next month at an Egyptian resort.
Seven dead in Afghan attacks as vote count resumes (AFP) AFP - Seven people including two US soldiers died in explosions in Afghanistan, officials said, as early results from historic elections gave President Hamid Karzai a strong lead over his rivals.
2004 Presidential Endorsements (AP) AP - Newspaper endorsements in the 2004 presidential campaign between President Bush, a Republican, and Sen. John Kerry, a Democrat.
Tokyo Stocks Seek Direction from Overseas  TOKYO (Reuters) - Tokyo stocks are expected to stick to a  narrow range this week as investors focus on a flood of U.S.  earnings, soaring oil prices and the race for the White House.
NFL Wrap: Manning Throws 3 TDs to Lead Colts Past Titans Peyton Manning threw three touchdown passes to move closer to the all-time season record as the Indianapolis Colts routed the visiting Tennessee Titans 51-24 in the NFL on Sunday.
Russia to Join NATO Anti-Terror Patrols (AP) AP - Russia agreed Thursday to send warships to help NATO naval patrols that monitor suspicious vessels in the Mediterranean, part of a push for closer counterterrorism cooperation between Moscow and the western alliance.
Diplomatic Shuffle Begins to Kickstart NKorea Talks  BEIJING (Reuters) - China will try to nudge North Korea to  resume stalled talks on ending its nuclear programs when  Pyongyang's No. 2 leader visits on Monday, but economic issues  will also be high on the agenda.
Dawn of the New Can Americans are fixated on nutrition, freshness and convenience -- and in the minds of consumers, industry analysts say, old-fashioned cans do not stack up.
Methods to the Madness Even with the use of home accounting software, investors should still establish a filing system for paper receipts, warranties, tax records, bank statements and other essential documents.
China's Ex-Party Chief Turns 85 Under House Arrest  BEIJING (Reuters) - Zhao Ziyang, toppled as China's  Communist Party chief for opposing the army crackdown on the  1989 Tiananmen Square protests, turned 85 on Sunday in poor  health and living his 15th year under house arrest.
What if a Sales Tax Were the Only Tax? Does replacing personal income and payroll taxes with a national sales tax, an idea President Bush has shown interest in, help the U.S. tax system?
'We are proud to be Africans' More than 90 of Africans are proud of their continent, a new survey conducted for the BBC shows.
Weight ops linked to nerve damage A significant number of patients who have their stomachs stapled develop nerve damage in their extremities, research has found.
Broad Use of Harsh Tactics Is Described at Cuba Base Many detainees at Guantnamo Bay were regularly subjected to harsh and coercive treatment, several people who worked in the prison said in recent interviews.
Yankees Stun BoSox 19-8 for 3-0 ALCS Lead BOSTON - The Yankees kept circling the bases, battering Boston's beleaguered pitching staff. By the time the long, long night ended with a devastating 19-8 rout over the Red Sox, the dreaded New Yorkers were just one game away from a shocking sweep...
Six GIs Killed in Iraq Bombings, Crashes BAGHDAD, Iraq - Explosions hit five churches in Baghdad, and two U.S. Army helicopters crashed elsewhere in the capital, killing two American soldiers and wounding two others, as violence flared while Iraqi Muslims began marking the holy month of Ramadan...
A Stricken Town Seeks Scapegoats BESLAN, Russia -- Astan Belikoyev knows what people are saying. They don't say it to his face. If anyone did, he noted bitterly, he would probably punch them in the face.
Violence, Crash in Iraq Kill 6 Troops BAGHDAD, Oct. 16 -- Two U.S. military transport helicopters crashed Saturday night in southwestern Baghdad, killing two soldiers and bringing to six the number of American servicemen reported killed in violence across Iraq over the past two days.
Lycos Europe appears to have canned its spam war Lycos Europe has apparently pulled the plug on its effort to orchestrate denial of service attacks against selected spammers. Earlier last week, the online community/portal company 
Park continues torrid play at Samsung Grace Park built a four-shot lead at the Samsung World Championship Friday with a tournament record, 36-hole total of 15-under 129.
Oracle, PeopleSoft wrap up trial LOS ANGELES (CBS.MW) -- PeopleSoft #39;s revision this week to its customer rebate program has brought it much closer to meeting Oracle #39;s concerns that the measure represents an unacceptable obstacle to its bid for its rival, a judge reportedly said Friday.
Second best isn #39;t good enough Orlando Cabrera may be new to the Red Sox and to this business of Red Sox-Yankees playoffs. He may be as far away as he could get from his previous baseball outpost, Montreal, where the Expos drew closet crowds.
Why They Play The Game What #39;s the fun in almost a half-century of losing? That #39;s the question Navy asks each and every year that it plays Notre Dame and contained within it is the more abstract question: What #39;s 
India #39;s ruling Congress party retains power in richest state BOMBAY : India #39;s Congress-led alliance held onto power in the nation #39;s richest state, Maharashtra, after winning the most seats in assembly elections and dealing a humiliating defeat to the opposition Hindu nationalists.
Task Force Olympia soldier dies of wounds suffered in car bombing BAGHDAD, Iraq A US soldier assigned to Task Force Olympia has died of wounds suffered in a car bomb attack in the northern city of Mosul.
All-Girl Gaming Team Takes Aim at Boys (AP) AP - At first glance, Les Seules might look like an all-girl rock band  #151; complete with sassy attitudes and fawning male groupies  #151; but the Swedish septuplet doesn't play instruments. They play competitive video games.
Soyuz Capsule Docks in Tricky Maneuver (AP) AP - The Soyuz spacecraft closed in on the international space station at dangerously high speed Saturday, forcing the U.S.-Russian crew to put on the brakes, abandon autopilot and manually dock the Soviet-era capsule in an unplanned and tricky maneuver.
Unlikely Visionary Behind Race to Space (AP) AP - SpaceShipOne visionary Peter Diamandis wasn't thinking about history as he stood in the Mojave desert and watched a small, shuttlecock-shaped craft glide back to Earth having nudged the edge of space.
Japan 2005 Expo to Display Frozen Mammoth (AP) AP - Shuttle buses without drivers, trains floating on magnetic fields and other visions of the future will be on display at Japan's world fair next year. But Expo 2005's centerpiece will be rooted deep in the past  #151; the frozen remains of a woolly mammoth.
Automakers Display Eco-Friendly Cars (AP) AP - The Habo No. 1 looks like any one of the legions of Volkswagen sedans in China. But a peek under the hood reveals an array of chrome canisters in place of the usual engine.
MySQL and ALTER TABLE Guilty as Charged \\For the last few days I've been using MySQLs ALTER and REPAIR table\functionality and its caused tons of countless problems and a great deal of lost\sleep.\\The first problem I noticed was that for large tables ALTER TABLE was taking\hours!  Lets say you have a 30G table.  Good luck altering it as the default\MySQL configuration will probably take 100 or more hours.\\In MySQLs defense there are a number of variables you can use to increase the\performance of an ALTER but the problem is that the two major ones\(myisam_max_extra_sort_file_size, and myisam_max_sort_file_size) can't be set at\runtime (during an ALTER). If these are set too low MySQL will revert to a\"Repair with keycache" strate ...\\
Ghost in the Shell - SAC \\For the last few days I've been addicted to Ghost in the Shell - Stand Alone\Complex .  I'm not a huge Anime fan as everything I've ran across in the past\seems to target 15 year old girls.  SAC is clearly different and can stand\alongside the Matrix and any other major Science Fiction released in the last 10\years.\\SAC is set in the year 2030 - obviously there's been a great deal of\technological achievement since 2004 including ubiquitous Internet, AI, and\cybernetic enhancements.\\The main characters in the story all have cybernetic modifications ranging from\a few implants all the way up to entire body replacement.  The protagonist,\Major Motoko Kusanagi, is almost entirely cybernetic,  ...\\
Israel Says Gaza Incursion Was a Success (AP) AP - Israel's military said Saturday that its 17-day incursion into the northern Gaza Strip struck a heavy blow against Palestinian militants routinely firing makeshift rockets into the country's southern region.
Brazil ready to down drug planes A law allowing Brazil's air force to shoot down suspected drug planes comes into force on Sunday.
Wal-Mart reports drop in shoppers Customer traffic fell in the past week from a year earlier, Wal-Mart said Saturday in a report on its comparable-store sales. Free!
Closer Brad Lidge Delivers for Astros (AP) AP - No bullpen collapse by the Houston Astros this time. Brad Lidge was on the mound. The Astros closer allowed just one hit and struck out five in two innings Saturday, protecting a lead and helping Houston beat the St. Louis Cardinals 5-2 in Game 3 of the NL championship series.
Microsoft #39;s  #39;Halo 2 #39; game leaked LOS ANGELES (CBS.MW) -- Microsoft said Friday that a version of its hotly anticipated  quot;Halo 2 quot; video game had been leaked onto various venues on the Internet nearly a month before its planned official release.
Clemens Plays Role Of Hometown Hero HOUSTON - Roger Clemens has pitched as many important games as any pitcher of his generation, including nine All-Star games and seven World Series outings.
Trainer Links Bonds to Drugs SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 16 -- Barry Bonds #39;s weight trainer said on a secretly recorded tape that the San Francisco Giants star took an undetectable performance-enhancing drug during the 2003 season, the San Francisco Chronicle reported Saturday.
No. 8 California Runs Over UCLA 45-28 (AP) AP - Geoff McArthur caught two of Aaron Rodgers' career-high four touchdown passes, and eighth-ranked California racked up 550 total yards in a 45-28 victory over UCLA on Saturday.
Ramadan Begins with Attacks in Iraq A suicide bomber in Qaim drove a vehicle packed with explosives into four American soldiers, killing all of them. The US military also confirms that one of their soldiers was killed in Mosul.
Indonesia #39;s Megawati will not attend swearing in of successor &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; JAKARTA, Oct 17 (AFP) - Indonesian President Megawati Sukarnoputri will not attend the swearing in of her successor Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono, the country #39;s first directly-elected leader, a close aide said Sunday.
Earthquakes Tie Burn to Clinch Playoffs (AP) AP - The San Jose Earthquakes clinched the final playoff spot in the Western Conference by tying the Dallas Burn 2-2 on Saturday night in the season finale for both teams.
Iraq #39;s Allawi due in Russia for oil, debt talks MOSCOW, Dec 3 (AFP) - Iraqi Prime Minister Iyad Allawi arrives Monday in Moscow for the first time since taking office six months ago with hopes of soothing tensions over Russia #39;s opposition to the US-led war in his ravaged nation.
Defense Delivers Badgers an Upset Scott Starks returned a Purdue fumble 40 yards for a touchdown with 2 minutes 36 seconds remaining to put Wisconsin ahead to stay.
Yankees Rout Red Sox Yankees' bats pound the Boston Red Sox to the brink of elimination with 22 hits in a 19-8 slaughter on Saturday night, giving New York a commanding 3-0 series advantage.
Familiar Foes United and the MetroStars provided MLS with its first genuine rivalry during the league's inaugural season, and it resumes when the teams meet in the regular season finale Sunday.
Hayes Impresses Early Jarvis Hayes is keeping Jared Jeffries out of the conversation when it comes to discussing who will start at samll forward for the Wizards.
Badgers Take Control Scott Starks returns a fumble by Purdue QB Kyle Orton 40 yards for a touchdown in the closing minutes to lift No. 10 Wisconsin to a 20-17 win over No. 5 Purdue.
Cox Shines at  Pimlico Trainer Kenny Cox triumphantly returns to the Pimlico track with a new stud and a well-monied owner to win the \$50,000 Sonny Hine Stakes on Saturday.
Wizards Down Galaxy Kansas City secures the top seed in the Western Conference on Saturday with a 1-0 victory over Los Angeles.
Russia #39;s energy sector hinges on Yukos fight MOSCOW The stakes are high in the much-publicized feud between the Kremlin and the Russian oil giant Yukos - so high that the outcome of that battle will shape how the country #39;s energy industry grows in 2005 and beyond.
Netflix stock drops 41 percent Investors hit the rewind button on Netflix Inc. shares Friday, sending the DVD rental company #39;s stock down 41 percent amid an intensifying price war.
Playing the Percentages When I saw a young guy on the escalator, a large television on his shoulder and a gleam of triumph in his eye, I knew I was where I belonged.
Main banks look to US mergers for profits NEW YORK (CBS.MW) -- Recent missteps by a Canadian bank #39;s incursion into US territory aren #39;t dampening the momentum of an invasion from the North.
Driving through fall foliage almost as fun as destination ALDERSON, W.Va. -- Sitting in a wooded campsite at Raft West Virginia in Fayetteville this past Monday with fog piled up thick in the New River Gorge got me to thinking: WWMD?
It #39;s yet another typical autumn: Leaves fall, and Yankees rise Beautifully colored leaves, warm days, chilly nights, high school football and ah, yes, October baseball. Like most things in nature, fall is predictable.
Behind Sexton, FSU shows dominance of old in rout TALLAHASSEE, Fla. -- A revival of sorts took place here at Doak Campbell Stadium on Saturday. The Florida State Seminoles, infected the past few years by a bad case of fall from grace, rose up against the 
Deluxe Handhelds Try Hard to Justify the Price (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - When  #36;100 buys a pocket-sized gadget that can store decades' worth of appointments and addresses -- and  #36;200 gets you one that also serves as a digital photo album and MP3 player -- why would anybody want to spend  #36;400 or  #36;500 on a new Palm or Pocket PC handheld?
Karzai well ahead in Afghan tally KABUL, Afghanistan -- Weekend counting shows interim President Hamid Karzai is well ahead of his rivals and on course to become Afghanistan #39;s first popularly elected leader.
UK troop plan for Baghdad stirs fears A US request for British troops to move up to Baghdad to allow American forces to be pulled out for a possible attack on Fallujah is prompting fears from both troops and politicians 
5 Iraqi churches damaged during Ramadan An Iraqi man prays with his beads as others gather outside a destroyed church following an explosion in Baghdad, 16 October 2004. Bombs exploded near five churches around Baghdad this morning followed by a 
MOFA denies dollar diplomacy claim Minister of Foreign Affairs Mark Chen (  ) yesterday denied allegations that the ministry was conducting dollar diplomacy under the guise of foreign aid to Costa Rica.
Rojo Tracks 800k Blogs \\Chris Alden blogged  the other day about Rojo going past 800k feeds in our\index:\\"We indexed our 800,000th feed yesterday, making Rojo one of the largest feed\search services already. If your RSS or Atom feed is NOT indexed by Rojo\already, all you need to do is to enter that feed into the "Add Channel"\window on the right side of the Content tab, and we will add it. All of the\feeds we've indexed are searchable in the "Search Rojo" window, also on the\right side of the Content tab. Please let us know what you think of our\search!"\\We're quickly finding new feeds.  The feed discovery seems to be pretty\steady. The on difference between Rojo and Technorati  is that they track\weblogs *and* ...\\
Deluxe Handhelds Try Hard to Justify Price When \$100 buys a pocket-sized gadget that can store decades' worth of appointments -- and \$200 gets you one that also serves as a digital photo album and MP3 player -- why would anybody spend up to \$500 on a new Palm or Pocket PC handheld? &lt;br&gt;&lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-Rob Pegoraro&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Sites Help to Connect Social Networks Two new Web services launched last week aim to help people tap their friends for tips about where to eat, shop and play. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-Leslie Walker&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Chasing Apple's iPod Competitors' attempts to beat back Apple's dominant hardware with devices offering more storage, a lower price -- or both virtues -- have gone nowhere.&lt;br&gt;&lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Giant loss for Fed, big A amp;M gain Robert McTeer, president of the Federal Reserve Bank of Dallas, is leaving after 13 years to become chancellor of the Texas A amp;M System.
Illinois unable to come away with big upset The University of Illinois football team was looking for a turnaround Saturday at windswept Memorial Stadium. Instead, a potential upset of No.
Israeli army pulls back A 17-day Israeli offensive on the Gaza Strip, the biggest in four years, came to an end after the army withdrew from the Jabalya refugee camp in northern Gaza.
Violence will lead Haiti #39;s pro-Aristide party nowhere: premier PORT-AU-PRINCE (AFP) - Haitian Prime Minister Gerard Latortue warned members of exiled president Jean Bertrand Aristide #39;s Lavalas party that  quot;violence would lead them nowhere, quot; and invited them to  quot;join the electoral process which would be scrupulously 
Glitch forces manual docking to space station A new crew arrived safely at the International Space Station on Saturday morning, despite a glitch that required the cosmonaut pilot to manually fly their Soyuz spaceship the last few hundred feet to its parking spot.
NE researchers say spruce damage echoes effects of acid rain Red spruce trees in New England and upstate New York suffered severe damage last winter, University of Vermont researchers have found.
Game 3 outburst just one way club has built 3-0 lead The New York Yankees, having won the taut pitchers #39; duel in Game 2, took Game 3 of the American League Championship Series to the other end of the spectrum.
Rocket saves the day Putting aside talk this might be his final game, Clemens focused on something more important - pitching to save the Astros #39; season.
Rossi clinches MotoGP title with Australian win Valentino Rossi clinched his fourth straight MotoGP world championship, winning the Australian Grand Prix on Sunday. The 25-year-old Yamaha racer, an eight-time winner this season, passed Spain #39;s Sete Giberneau 
Park on pace for sixth win Palm Desert, CA (Sports Network) - Grace Park posted a one-under 71 Saturday and holds a three-stroke lead after three rounds of the Samsung World Championship.
 #39;Greatest slow on earth #39; The Australian press (headlines above) is eulogising Shane Warnes eminently well deserved record-breaking achievement. Among those applauding the feat is former Australian captain Steve Waugh, who has written 
Miller makes most of chances LOS ANGELES - There will be 100-yard games that Zach Miller will treasure more than Saturday #39;s. Such is the problem with a first coming in a 45-7 loss that everyone from Arizona State would like to soon forget.
Mids unlucky against Irish, again Navy had one opening, one sliver of a chance to make it a game against Notre Dame yesterday. After the Midshipmen drove 81 yards for a field goal midway through the 
Johnson Takes the Race, While Others Pursue the Cup Kurt Busch set a relatively modest goal for Saturday night #39;s Nascar race at Lowe #39;s Motor Speedway. Forget about winning. On arguably his worst track on the Nextel Cup 
India #39;s Congress win in state helps national clout India #39;s ruling Congress party, flush with an election win in the state that is the heart of finance and film, will now be better armed to deal with demanding communist allies, newspapers and analysts said on Sunday.
Paper: Jeb Bush Ignored Felon List Advice (AP) AP - Florida Gov. Jeb Bush ignored advice to throw out a flawed felon voter list before it went out to county election offices despite warnings from state officials, according to a published report Saturday.
Moto GP: Rossi retains world title Valentino Rossi is crowned world champion with victory at the Australian MotoGP.
6 Killed in Arizona As SUV Flees Deputies PHOENIX - A stolen truck filled with suspected illegal immigrants sped away from deputies and rolled over at a busy intersection near an Army post Saturday, causing an 11-car crash that killed six people and seriously injured 15, sheriff's officials said.    Passengers were thrown from the truck as it struck a center median and began to spiral, hitting vehicles waiting at a turn lane, Deputy Chief Randy Redmond of the Sierra Vista Fire Department said...
Red Sox-Yankees Game 3 was more embarrassment than classic BOSTON -- On the baseball beauty scale, Saturday #39;s American League Championship Series game between the Yankees and Red Sox ranks right there alongside Roseanne #39;s screechy rendition of the national anthem in San Diego in 1990, Pete Rose #39;s 1970s hairdo 
RBC Centura CEO steps down RALEIGH, NC - The head of RBC Centura Bank has stepped down, and his successor will run the bank out of Raleigh rather than Rocky Mount, where the bank is based.
FCC rule may lead to broadband expansion WASHINGTON -- New rules approved this week by the Federal Communications Commission are aimed at making high-speed Internet available to more Americans.
About 1,600 staff apply for Aer Lingus redundancy packages DUBLIN : Aer Lingus said that about 1,600 employees applied before a deadline for redundancy packages offered by the Irish state airline, which aims to reduce its workforce by 1,325 to 2,668 over three years.
Disney revs for India, China may take time: Iger MUMBAI: Even as Walt Disney is working overtime to have everything in place for what now looks increasingly like a year-end coming out party for its three channels in India, the going is not quite so smooth in neighbouring China.
Clemens clocks Cards Astros 5, Cardinals 2, St. Louis leads series 2-1 Roger Clemens isn #39;t done yet, and neither are the Astros. Putting aside talk this might be his final game, Clemens focused on 
Blair warned against troops help to US in Iraq LONDON - British Prime Minister Tony Blair has been warned not to put British troops in Iraq in danger merely as a political gesture to the American administration.
Political correctness gone mad The decision by the European Parliament #39;s Civil Liberties Committee to reject the nomination of Rocco Buttiglione as European Commissioner for Justice and Security over his comments on homosexuality and marriage is very unfortunate.
A New Crew Arrives at the Space Station A Soyuz spacecraft with a replacement crew for the International Space Station docked safely with the orbiting complex.
Do Good! Win a Prize! While Nobel prizes are given for past performance, other types of inducement prizes are intended to spur innovation. Do they do the job?
AN ECONOMY HANGING TOUGH October 17, 2004 --  quot;The impact of the current surge in oil prices, though noticeable, is likely to prove less consequential to economic growth and inflation than in the 1970s.
Delta struggles with weak revenues, deep discounts, high fuel &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Delta Air Lines Inc. is on the brink of filing for bankruptcy, with the coming weeks critical. This weekend, the airline continues negotiations with its pilots union in Hollywood in order 
Options-expense rule put off until June The US Financial Accounting Standards Board agreed to delay by six months implementation of a rule that will force companies to treat employee stock options as an expense.
NEXT GEN HEALTHCARE BY JOANN MILLS LAING. HEALTH Savings Accounts (HSAs) are the first step in a profound and dra matic transformation of the Ameri can health-care system.
Chasing Apple #39;s Dominant iPod Now that the iPod and its little brother, the iPod mini, have gobbled up the overwhelming majority of the MP3-player market, what #39;s a competitor to do?
Big fish and prized trees gain protection Decisions made at a key conservation meeting are good news for big and quirky fish and commercially prized trees. Several species will enjoy extra protection against trade following rulings made at the Convention 
Record sixth title in Els #39; reach Defending champion Ernie Els beat Padraig Harrington, 5 and 4, Saturday to move into the final of the World Match Play Championship in Wentworth, England, and stay on course for a record sixth title.
Davenport loses to Myskina in Kremlin Cup semifinals Ailing Davenport loses: A weakened Lindsay Davenport lost to defending champion Anastasia Myskina 6-4, 7-6 (7-1) yesterday in the Kremlin Cup semifinals in Moscow but still will regain the No.
ALCS NOTEBOOK Lowe gets to start for Sox in must-win situation Boston -- What #39;s in store today for Boston #39;s beleaguered pitching staff? Scheduled starter Tim Wakefield volunteered to work in relief on Saturday and threw 3 1/3 innings.
Kings beat Rockets 91-89 in NBA Beijing game Bobby Jackson hit a pair of late three-pointers Sunday to lift the Sacramento Kings to a 91-89 preseason victory over the Houston Rockets, as the NBA wrapped up its first games in China.
Local guys sink Navy Marcus Wilson has been the invisible man on Notre Dame #39;s football roster. The 5-11, 202-pound senior tailback from Staten Island had his moments at Poly Prep, once rushing for 358 yards against Valley Forge Prep in 2000.
SPORTS AND DRUGS Baseball #39;s big concern: integrity The baseball community expressed concern for the sport after The Chronicle reported that Barry Bonds #39; weight trainer claimed in a secretly recorded conversation that the superstar used an  quot;undetectable quot; performance- enhancing drug during the 2003 season.
Kumble Wickets Give India Advantage Against Australia in Test Spin bowler Anil Kumble took three wickets as India reduced Australia to 150-4 in its second innings at stumps on the third day of the second cricket Test, a lead of only nine runs.
Rossi reigns supreme Valentino Rossi secured his fourth consecutive MotoGP world championship in style with a thrilling win in the Australian Grand Prix at Phillip Island.
Trojans live up to their top ranking Those waiting for USC to deliver a dominant performance were rewarded Saturday with Trojans #39; most complete effort thus far. Was it actually suggested that USC might be overrated?
Australia considering new security pact with Indonesia SYDNEY : Australia said it was considering signing a new security agreement with Indonesia to replace a treaty between the countries that was scrapped when Canberra sent troops into East Timor in 1999.
Germany Set to Hand Hamburg Qaeda Suspect to Spain Germany has cleared the way for the extradition to Spain of an Arab businessman long accused by the United States of financing al Qaeda and investigated 
Two engines recently replaced on cargo jet HALIFAX -- The cargo jet that crashed in flames off the end of a Halifax International Airport runway last week had two engines replaced in the weeks leading up to the accident, investigators revealed yesterday.
French NGOs push to save African chicken farmers from Europe (AFP) AFP - African chicken farmers risk ruin from massive imports of European frozen poultry at less than a third of their prices, say organisers of a campaign by French non-government organisations to protect the home-grown African market.
Saudi Forces Arrest 4 Suspected Militants (AP) AP - Security forces have captured four suspected militants, an Interior Ministry spokesman said Sunday, the latest detentions in a Saudi crackdown on Islamic extremists in the kingdom.
New York Times, three other US dailies endorse Kerry for president (AFP) AFP - The New York Times endorsed John Kerry for president, becoming the first major US daily to announce its presidential preference, and was joined by small papers in the swing states of Ohio and Minnesota in backing the Democratic senator.
NATO, Russia vow to boost anti-terror cooperation (AFP) AFP - NATO and Russia vowed to boost cooperation in fighting terrorism, notably firming up plans for Russian ships to join an Alliance counter-terror operation in the Mediterranean.
Germany Set to Hand Hamburg Qaeda Suspect to Spain  BERLIN (Reuters) - Germany has cleared the way for the  extradition to Spain of an Arab businessman long accused by the  United States of financing al Qaeda and investigated by German  authorities for links to the Sept. 11 "Hamburg cell."
France 'unaffected' by oil surge Crude oil's record-breaking run is not hitting consumer demand in France, the fastest growing euro zone economy, says budget minister Dominique Bussereau.
Fierce fighting around Iraqi city US forces and Iraqi militants exchange tank and mortar fire on the eastern edge of the western city of Falluja.
Harvard's\$12 billion man  Harvard University's \$12 billion man doesn't wear a tie, takes the subway to work, and eats his lunch in the cafeteria on the fourth floor of the Federal Reserve Building. Jack Meyer is a person of few pretensions, but strong beliefs.
Reilly won't pursue Kohl's over pricing practices Attorney General Thomas F. Reilly concluded that Kohl's Department Stores violated a state law that prohibits false advertising of sale prices, but he decided not to prosecute the company because the retailer convinced him the case was not worth pursuing.
For labor markets, definition of 'normal' is changing It has become a monthly ritual. The government issues its jobs report, the numbers are disappointing, and the excuses begin. Employers are not hiring because of the high price of oil, fear of terrorism, uncertainty about the election, and because the dog ate their homework. (I made that last one up.)
 Is it appropriate for my boss to ask me if I'm looking for another job? Q: Is it appropriate for my boss to ask me point-blank if I'm looking for another job? I find it rather rude. I don't think this is anyone's business, especially my manager's. What's a suitable response?
Jackpot! Now what? We should all have such luck: Bobby Britton won \$4 million playing the Massachusetts State Lottery and wants to get a second opinion on what to do.
Mired in a mess? Get organized WASHINGTON -- I'm so disorganized that I missed the chance to celebrate Get Organized Week.
Long-term care insurance poses its own set of risks What do you get when you buy long-term care insurance? An unproven product sold by an industry in turmoil that will cost you a small fortune in premiums -- with no guarantee those premiums won't go even higher.
Savvy grocers with a recipe for expansion Albertsons Inc., one of the nation's largest grocery chains, bought the Shaw's and Star Market chains for more than \$2.1 billion in April to gain a foothold in New England and compete more aggressively against the region's top supermarket company, Stop  amp; Shop. Albertsons chief executive Larry Johnston and Shaw's president Nicola DiFelice spoke with Globe reporter Naomi Aoki.
Circus an escape for Brazilian youth SALVADOR, Brazil -- Eduard Fioza pedals a unicycle up and down a ramp beneath a blue, red, and yellow big top. Jumping off his seat, he darts past a juggler and does a short, impromptu dance.
On a tourist trail in Bolivia's hills, Che's fame lives on LA HIGUERA, Bolivia -- The people here pray to a man who once limped through their village in tattered clothes, a legendary guerrilla who fought his last battle on their dusty, unpaved streets, and who was executed in their schoolhouse.
Newspaper cites abuse at Guantanamo Uncooperative Guantanamo Bay detainees were regularly subjected to highly abusive treatment over a long period of time, unidentified guards at the US military base, intelligence agents, and others who worked in the prison told The New York Times.
Chechen rebel is targeted in attack LONDON -- Exiled Chechen rebel envoy Akhmed Zakayev has suffered an arson attack at his home in London, British authorities said yesterday. There was minor fire damage but no injuries after Zakayev's home was targeted in the early hours of Friday, they said. Zakayev's lawyer said the attack appeared to be an assassination attempt on the exiled deputy of Chechen ...
Radicalism takes root with Moroccans CASABLANCA, Morocco -- In the aftermath of Morocco's worst-ever terrorist attacks in May 2003, King Mohammed VI lifted the hopes of his most impoverished subjects last year when he toured Casablanca's sprawling slums, home to a dozen suicide bombers who had blasted targets across the city. The monarch said he was appalled at the conditions and vowed to raze the ...
Bush and Kerry Address Voters' Anxieties on Stump John F. Kerry accused President Bush of putting American lives at risk by failing to prevent the flu vaccine shortage and as Bush again said that his Democratic opponent cannot be trusted to protect the country from terrorists.
Starters were finished early In a game of whose starting pitcher was worse, the Red Sox finally won something -arely. Because both Boston #39;s Bronson Arroyo and the Yankees #39; Kevin Brown were awful last night 
Gates Says Broadcast TV Model Faces Irrelevancy Bill Gates predicts a future for the entertainment industry in which traditional broadcast television is rendered irrelevant. It #39;s a positive vision, however, because new and 
Laser-sharp gamblers keep winnings LONDON Three gamblers who used a laser device to win more than a million pounds at a London hotel casino will not face prosecution because they did nothing illegal, police said Sunday.
Israelis in fresh Gaza incursion Israeli troops have entered the Rafah refugee camp in southern Gaza in a new incursion to locate Palestinian weapons smuggling tunnels, the army says.
Storm shows Haiti #39;s straits Muddy waters still occupied the heart of Gonaives last weekend, three weeks after Tropical Storm Jeanne provoked flash floods that killed some 1,900 and left 900 presumed dead.
Celebrating The  quot;Right Stuff quot; -- Mercury Astronaut Gordon  quot;Gordo quot; &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; As fellow astronauts, other friends and loved ones gathered in Houston yesterday to honor US  quot;frontiersman quot; Captain Leroy Gordon Cooper Jr.
Digital Entertainment Everywhere New options for managing your digital media means more than just mp3s in your pocket. October 14, 2004 - Microsoft held its Digital Entertainment Everywhere launch this past Tuesday and unveiled new products 
Jackson #39;s buzzer shot beats Yao in China BEIJING (Ticker) -- Bobby Jackson made sure the Sacramento Kings did not leave China empty-handed. Jackson scored six of his 13 points in the final two minutes as the Kings rallied to their first preseason 
Italy: Juventus increases lead Juventus increased its lead in the Serie A on Saturday by beating newcomer Messina 2-1, ending the hopes of the unheralded Sicilian team to earn a historic first place in Italy #39;s top league.
Chance for upset just a Midshipmen night #39;s dream EAST RUTHERFORD, NJ -- If you read columns across the country, listened to sports talk radio or even watched ESPN #39;s  #39; #39;SportsCenter, #39; #39; you probably got the impression in the days leading up to Saturday that Notre Dame was in grave danger of losing to Navy 
European stock markets face rough water over new accounting &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; PARIS, Oct 17 (AFP) - European stock markets could be heading for a patch of rough water with the introduction of new accounting standards, analysts are warning, saying that stock prices could be bounced around and initial public offerings held back.
Tales from the pit: A woman trader #39;s story If you #39;re a woman, Cari Lynn #39;s salty memoir will hearten you, though it might not sway you to enter the futures trading field.
Cardinals #39; Kline hopes to return Houston- Although the index finger on his throwing hand was so stiff Saturday he couldn #39;t bend it, St. Louis Cardinals reliever Steve Kline is still hoping to pitch again this postseason.
Switch problem on Genesis craft Faulty switches are identified as the most likely cause of the Genesis sample-return capsule's crash landing last month.
Pipeline (TechWeb) TechWeb - Process Perfecter 7,Perfect Product SuiteT 5.0,Ultimus Suite V 7,e-DMS Workflow,HP OpenView Smart Plug-In for Oracle Enterprise Manager 10g
Reuters Poll: Kerry Trims Bush Lead to 2 Points (Reuters) Reuters - Democratic challenger John Kerry cut\President Bush's lead to 2 points with just over two weeks to\go before the Nov. 2 election, according to a Reuters/Zogby\poll released Sunday.
Group of Abu Ghraib Detainees Freed More than 200 detainees were released Sunday from Abu Ghraib prison after a security review deemed them no longer a threat, the U.S. military said.
Columbus Crew, Colorado Rapids Tie 1-1 (AP) AP - Duncan Oughton scored in the 41st minute, and the Columbus Crew extended their unbeaten streak to 18 with a 1-1 tie against the Colorado Rapids on Saturday night.
No. 7 Florida St. Tops No. 6 Virginia 36-3 (AP) AP - Virginia was ranked higher than Florida State and looking for its first road win against a top-10 team. The No. 6 Cavaliers couldn't even get a touchdown Saturday.
Yankees Crush Red Sox, One Win from Sweep  BOSTON (Reuters) - The New York Yankees scored the most  runs in an American League Championship Series game as they  pounded the Boston Red Sox 19-8 on Saturday to move within one  victory of a return trip to the World Series.
Kings Beat Rockets in Tense Beijing Finish  BEIJING (Reuters) - The Sacramento Kings beat the Houston  Rockets in a nail-biter pre-season game in Beijing on Sunday,  91-89, on a baseline jumpshot by reserve guard Bobby Jackson in  the final seconds.
Home wreckers Religious leaders prayed for the Red Sox to reach baseball's promised land. The mayor appealed for divine intervention. Even comic Jim Dunn led the congregants at the Comedy Connection last night in a prayer service.
Odds are fandom fell into trap You did it again, didn't you? You fell into the trap that these fun-loving, baseball-bashing Red Sox set for you. You became so enamored with their irreverence and their pizazz and their long hair and their long-ball capabilities, you actually convinced yourself they were better than the New York Yankees.
Eagles foiled by Pitt stop PITTSBURGH -- Forget the Curse of the Bambino. How about the Curse of Heinz Field?
Gary Payton, unguarded Despite an on-time arrival for Celtics training camp, Gary Payton never really left Los Angeles. He keeps his clothes back home, necessitating the establishment of a bicoastal laundry service. When Payton tires of wearing a set of outfits, he sends them to his wife, who mails back a fresh set. His collection of cars also remains on the West Coast, ...
Revolution in with the in crowd FOXBOROUGH -- The Revolution have turned late-season rallies into a combination of an art form and a habit. Clint Dempsey and Steve Ralston scored in a three-minute period early in the second half as the Revolution edged the Chicago Fire, 2-1, to qualify for the MLS playoffs for the third successive season.
Patriots test their mettle against iron FOXBOROUGH -- The Patriots' schedule gets tougher beginning today, as they start a stretch of four games against the contending Seattle Seahawks, the undefeated New York Jets, the revamped Pittsburgh Steelers, and the offensively mighty St. Louis Rams.
On film, Seymour sees more Thursday night is film night for Richard Seymour, and every week he takes someone new to the movies with him.
San Jose ties up final berth The San Jose Earthquakes clinched the final playoff spot in the Western Conference by tying the Burn, 2-2, last night in Dallas in the season finale for both teams.
Image takes new hit as Beckham bends rules LONDON -- David Beckham lurches from one crisis to another, and is being ridiculed by British newspapers as an attention-seeking drama queen.
Team's talent clear to see, says confident Pierce FOXBOROUGH -- Defender Rusty Pierce has performed as a starter in most of the Revolution's crucial matches since joining the team four years ago. So, Pierce reacted calmly to the team's dramatic rally to qualify for the MLS playoffs with a 2-1 win over Chicago last night.
Spartans bury Gophers early EAST LANSING, Mich. -- Drew Stanton passed for 308 yards and ran for 102 more, setting a school record for total offense, to lead Michigan State to a 51-17 victory over No. 19 Minnesota yesterday.
White saves Sooners MANHATTAN, Kan. -- Jason White threw for four touchdowns, two each to Travis Wilson and Mark Clayton, and No. 2 Oklahoma overcame its own mistakes to beat Kansas State, 31-21, yesterday.
Leak, Gators bounce back GAINESVILLE, Fla. -- Chris Leak threw three touchdown passes, DeShawn Wynn scored three times, and No. 22 Florida (4-2) rebounded from a home loss to LSU with a 52-16 victory over Middle Tennessee yesterday.
Wolverines wake up late CHAMPAIGN, Ill. -- Michael Hart rushed for 234 yards and No. 14 Michigan rallied from a halftime deficit to defeat Illinois, 30-19, yesterday, sending the Illini to their 12th consecutive Big Ten loss. Hart ran for 127 yards and Max Martin added 60 yards rushing in the second half as the Wolverines (6-1, 4-0) kept the ball on the ground ...
Darby helps turn the Tide TUSCALOOSA, Ala. -- Kenneth Darby rushed for 197 yards and scored two touchdowns, on a run and on a pass, as Alabama beat No. 24 Southern Mississippi, 27-3, yesterday for its first win against a ranked opponent in nearly two years. Southern Miss (4-1) had been averaging nearly 29 points per game, but the Crimson Tide (5-2) limited it to ...
Lester left with an empty feeling PITTSBURGH -- Larry Lester seemed inconsolable as he sat on a chair outside the visitors' locker room at Heinz Field. His head bowed, Lester agonized over the fumble he lost in overtime in Boston College's 20-17 setback yesterday to the Pittsburgh Panthers.
Irish extend streak, hand Navy its first loss of year EAST RUTHERFORD, N.J. -- Notre Dame's size and speed took all the drama out of its 41st straight victory over Navy.
Rutgers stumbles past Owls PISCATAWAY, N.J. -- Jeremy Ito kicked three field goals and Ryan Hart threw a late touchdown pass to help Rutgers hold off Temple, 16-6, in an error-filled game yesterday.
Late TD, FG lift Broncos TULSA, Okla. -- Antwaun Carter scored on a 2-yard run with less than two minutes remaining, and Tyler Jones kicked a 46-yard field goal with three seconds left, rallying No. 21 Boise State to a 45-42 win over Tulsa last night.
Tomahawk chopped TALLAHASSEE -- Virginia was ranked higher than Florida State and looking for its first road win against a top-10 team.
Brown taps Burke as assistant captain  Gerry Burke of Milton, a senior at Brown University, has been elected as an assistant captain on the varsity hockey team.
Hennessy rouses Andover from a slow start ANDOVER -- In one play, Andover's Matt Hennessy surpassed his team's first-half output, rushing for 23 yards to spark a sluggish Golden Warrior offense to a 17-7 victory over Lowell. Andover (6-0), known for its potent offense, was held to one first down and 20 yards of total offense in a scoreless first half.
Trinity streaks to 18th straight win Junior Josh Pitcher and freshman Chandler Barnard combined to pass for 212 yards and three touchdowns yesterday as Trinity rolled to a 36-14 victory over Tufts in a New England Small College Athletic Conference game in Hartford.
Chelmsford runners go 1-2 EAST GREENWICH, R.I. -- A pair of J's carried Chelmsford to a commanding win in the Varsity 2 race yesterday at the 22d Brown Invitational.
Last-minute TD stops Maine Justin Rascati completed 19 of 28 passes for 197 yards and two touchdowns, including a game-winning 23-yarder to D.D. Boxley with 47 seconds remaining, as James Madison stayed undefeated in the Atlantic 10 with a 24-20 victory over Maine at Orono yesterday.
Xaverian clips Falcons WESTWOOD -- The Xaverian defense spent much of its Saturday afternoon chasing Cambridge quarterback Matt O'Brien. The Hawks caught him just in time.
Win gains Johnson little Jimmie Johnson thought he needed a victory to jump back into contention for the Nextel Cup championship.
Minutemen slam the brakes on their skid DURHAM, N.H. -- After suffering losses each of the last four weeks in a  quot;murderer's row quot; schedule -- in the words of coach Don Brown -- it appeared Massachusetts was about to lose No. 5 early in yesterday's game.
Green with envy HANOVER, N.H. -- The Holy Cross football team left its heart on the field more than a few times in an 0-5 start this fall.
Falmouth blanks Dartmouth The 10th-ranked Dartmouth boys' soccer team had given up only one goal this season, but yesterday, host Falmouth scored two to hand the Indians their first loss, 2-0.
Walpole retains top spot NORWOOD -- The knot atop the Bay State League Herget Division has one less loop. Walpole tamed the Norwood Mustangs, 19-0, yesterday, leaving only the Rebels (5-1) and Wellesley (5-1) at the top of the Herget hill.
Quakers sow oats in league Pat McDermott passed for 209 yards and two touchdowns as Penn defeated Columbia, 14-3, in Philadelphia yesterday. The victory was the 17th straight in Ivy League play for the Quakers (4-1, 2-0), tying their own league record set during the 1993-95 seasons.
Sainsbury's 'creating 3,000 jobs' Sainsbury's is set to create 3,000 jobs as it looks to improve services at its supermarkets, newspapers report.
ONLINE MUSIC: BUY VS. RENT October 17, 2004 -- While companies take aim at iPod with a host of new players, they #39;re also targeting iTunes, Apple #39;s online music store.
Kings Beat Rockets in Tense Beijing Finish The Sacramento Kings beat the Houston Rockets in a nail-biter pre-season game in Beijing on Sunday, 91-89, on a baseline jumpshot by reserve guard Bobby Jackson in the final seconds.
Rossi admits surprise at title Newly-crowned world MotoGP champion Valentino Rossi has admitted his surprise at winning the title in his first year with new team Yamaha.
Sainsbury #39;s  #39;creating 3,000 jobs #39; Sainsbury #39;s is set to create 3,000 jobs as it looks to improve services at its supermarkets, newspapers have reported. The new staff will be used to keep shelves better stocked and give shoppers a better service 
Samsung, Sony Ericsson Post Gains Samsung Electronics posted a 46 percent gain in earnings, despite a dip in its cell phone and telecom-equipment business. Separately, Sony Ericsson posted a 29 percent year-over-year increase in sales during the third quarter.
Bill Gates: A model for the future LOS ANGELES, California (Hollywood Reporter) -- Bill Gates predicts a future for the entertainment industry in which traditional broadcast television is rendered irrelevant.
Revs Sneak Into Playoffs On Final Day Needing three points to vault into fourth place ahead of the Fire, the Revs found a way to scrape into the postseason at the last gasp, as goals from Clint Dempsey in the 55th minute and Steve Ralston in the 58th minute downed Chiacgo 2-1 and sent the 
Opel managers and workers reps to meet, stoppages set to continue (AFP) AFP - Managers and workers representatives at German car maker Opel are set to meet Monday after a weekend vigil by employees protesting against the plans of parent company General Motors to cut thousands of jobs.
India need 210 to win Chennai Test India need another 210 runs to win the Chennai Test after ending the fourth day at 19-0. Virender Sehwag was batting on 12 and Yuvraj Singh on 7. Earlier, Anil Kumble claimed 6-133, his 26th fifth-wicket haul, to help India bowl Australia out for 369.
Fed Debates Policy for Post-Greenspan Era Battle lines are drawn at the Federal Reserve between those who favor formal inflation goals and those who don #39;t, and the debate is heating up ahead of the coming retirement of Chairman Alan Greenspan.
Update 3: Workers at German Plant Keep Up Protest Hundreds of workers at an Opel car plant in Germany kept up a protest outside the factory gates Sunday against plans by parent company General Motors for thousands of job cuts, demanding assurances that there will be no compulsory layoffs.
Trial turns into bid dance It is common for a merger battle to involve a healthy dose of public posturing on issues such as price and logistics. But while such maneuvering typically plays out in the media, or during analyst forums, it #39;s rare to see it happen in a courtroom.
Skyway windfall seen as  #39;blessing and a curse #39; From desperate times to an embarrassment of riches. From crying poor-mouth to fending off the wolves. Mayor Daley certainly is a man of extremes these days.
Economy on Track as Retail Sales Jump A surprisingly big climb in US retail sales in September and a larger-than-expected gain in underlying producer prices bolstered hopes for an economic revival and views 
Northwest Pilots The elected union representatives of Northwest Airlines pilots have voted unanimously to endorse concessions sought by the airline.
Oil prices lead fund to Mexico, away from China Brad Aham, manager of the \$745 million SSgA Emerging Markets Fund, said he #39;s increasing his investments in Mexico on optimism about record oil prices, and avoiding China, where central bankers are poised to raise interest rates.
Chinese satellite part hits house A section of a Chinese scientific satellite that was returning from orbit crashed into an apartment building, wrecking the top floor but causing no injuries, a newspaper said Sunday.
FDA Approves Human RFID Tags The Food and Drug Administration (FDA) recently approved a radio frequency identification (RFID) microchip (VeriChip) that will be implanted in humans and used for medical purposes.
Microsoft battens down Windows XP #39;s hatches With the latest update to Microsoft Corp. #39;s Windows XP operating system, personal computers will soon join parents, bosses, teachers and spouses as a source of nagging in your life.
Flip and shoot Nextel Communications Inc. is offering its first camera phone, the Motorola i860, which boasts a large color screen, measuring 2.2 inches and 262,000 colors.
Microsoft announces Xbox holiday bundle Starting October 31, the Xbox will include NCAA Football 2005, Top Spin, two-month Xbox Live trial for \$149.99. Microsoft today announced the details of its Xbox holiday bundle.
Myskina wins Kremlin Cup again Anastasia Myskina won the Kremlin Cup for the second straight year, running off 10 straight games to defeat Elena Dementieva 7-5, 6-0 Sunday in the tournament #39;s first all-Russian final.
Arsenal kicks five points clear as Chelsea beaten ARSENAL tightened its grip on the English Premier League title yesterday as closest rival Chelsea slumped to its first defeat of the season at Manchester City.
Derby Win Sends Bara Clear Barcelona held on from an early Deco goal to edge game local rivals Espanyol 1-0 and carve out a five point tabletop cushion. Earlier, Ronaldo rescued a point for Real Madrid, who continued their middling form with a 1-1 draw at Real Betis.
Shorthanded Juve Top Messina Despite a striker crisis, Juventus inflicted a first defeat of the campaign on impressive risers Messina by a 2-1 tally. Marcelo Zalayeta and Pavel Nedved grabbed goals on either side of the break to lead Il Bianconeri.
Astros #39; Oswalt will pitch through pain Before Astros righthander Roy Oswalt starts today #39;s Game 4 of the NLCS, he #39;ll need a painkiller injection for an aggravated left rib cage muscle.
Irish Take Big Step With a 27-9 win over Navy, the Irish move to 5-2 on the season. Irish fans had plenty to celebrate with this victory, and the Irish have plenty to play for in the future.
Johnson hangs on for win CONCORD, NC  Jimmie Johnson won the UAW-GM 500 Saturday night, but the overwhelming drama of the race was the uncanny comeback of his mentor and teammate, Jeff Gordon, from two separate wrecks to finish second.
Illinois Notebook Illinois lost to Michigan by 11 points and committed just two penalties to the 10 charged against the Wolverines on Saturday. So why was Illinois head coach Ron Turner complaining about the officiating?
Patriots not getting ahead of themselves Its become a familiar mantra: One game at a time. One week at a time. One game at a time . . . Todays 1 pm game against the Seattle Seahawks at Gillette 
US Continues Major Attack on Fallujah A US Army soldier watches from atop his armoured vehicle as smoke rises in background after his unit destroyed a seized Katyusha rocket in Baghdad, Iraq, Sunday Oct. 17, 2004.
Newest Darfur peacekeepers delayed a week-Rwanda A battalion of Rwandan peacekeeping troops scheduled to arrive in Sudan #39;s Darfur region this weekend will be delayed by a week because of logistical problems, Rwanda said on Sunday.
Colin Powell to hold talks in Japan US Secretary of State Colin Powell will travel to the Far East next week and hold talks in Japan, the Japanese Foreign Ministry said Sunday.
UK appeals for Bigley #39;s remains Britain #39;s ambassador to Iraq has appealed for information that would lead to the recovery of the remains of former hostage Ken Bigley.
Liverpool slur puts Tory on back foot BORIS Johnson, editor of British magazine The Spectator, might well pad his trousers with copies of the conservative journal when he travels to Liverpool this week to apologise for insulting the city and its people.
Bashir case  #39;a trap #39; THE prosecution on terrorism charges of extremist Islamic cleric and accused Jemaah Islamiah leader Abu Bakar Bashir will rely heavily on the potentially tainted testimony of at least two convicted Bali bombers, his lawyers have said.
BoSox, Astros Play for Crucial Game 4 Wins (AP) AP - The Boston Red Sox entered this AL championship series hoping to finally overcome their bitter rivals from New York following a heartbreaking seven-game defeat last October. Instead, they've been reduced to trying to prevent the Yankees from completing a humiliating sweep in their own ballpark.
No. 10 Wisconsin Tops No. 5 Purdue 20-17 (AP) AP - Scott Starks returned a fumble by Purdue quarterback Kyle Orton 40 yards for a touchdown in the closing minutes to lift 10th-ranked Wisconsin to a 20-17 win over No. 5 Purdue on Saturday.
Texas to face Michigan in 91st Rose Bowl The Texas Longhorns will make their first BCS bowl appearance at the 91st Rose Bowl Game on Jan. 1, 2005, in Pasadena, Calif., at 3:30 pm.
Privacy breach feared from human-implant chip: Health India: New York, Oct 17 : The US government could literally be getting under the skin of its citizens with the first futuristic microchip implant for humans getting a go ahead this week.
Myskina Beats Dementieva Again to Win in Moscow  MOSCOW (Reuters) - Anastasia Myskina trounced Elena  Dementieva, 7-5, 6-0, in the Kremlin Cup final Sunday to retain  her Moscow title in a rematch of their all-Russian French Open  final earlier this year.
Rangers stung by Thistle Rangers hopes of returning to the top of the Scottish Premier League were dashed on Sunday as they were held to a 1-1 draw at struggling Inverness Caledonian Thistle.
Clemens gives the Astros a liftoff HOUSTON -- The St. Louis Cardinals captured the first two games of the National League Championship Series in dramatic fashion, yet at no time did the Houston Astros appear concerned. They insisted once they returned home their fortunes would change. So far, so good.
If the new shoe fits, Schilling may wear it The suspense surrounding Curt Schilling's possible return to the mound in the American League Championship Series intensified yesterday as the Red Sox indicated Schilling has found the footwear that would enable him to pitch if his injured right ankle permits it.
Decision to start El Duque final Win or lose last night, the Yankees were committed to starting Orlando Hernandez in Game 4 tonight.
Wakefield's return engagement came early He had anticipated being at the starting line of tonight's fourth game of the American League Championship Series. Instead, Tim Wakefield found himself in the middle of a pitching meltdown last night, called upon to try and lend soothing relief in a sorry excuse for playoff baseball.
Hernandez rested, ready The question on everybody's mind -- Red Sox and Yankee fans -- is which Orlando Hernandez will show up at Fenway Park tonight for Game 4 of the American League Championship Series.
Broadband ups European Web users to 100 m 54.5 million Europeans surfed the Web over a broadband connection, a 60 percent increase from 34.1 million 12 months earlier. AMSTERDAM: More than half of Europe #39;s Internet surfers now have a high-speed broadband 
Seven Iraqis Die in Falluja Battles, Baghdad Attack  FALLUJA, Iraq (Reuters) - U.S. jets bombed Falluja Sunday  and troops fought rebels accused of shielding foreign fighters  led by Abu Musab al-Zarqawi, America's top foe in Iraq.
African Leaders in Libya to Discuss Darfur  TRIPOLI, Libya (Reuters) - The Sudanese government and  rebel leaders need to be pushed to find a solution to the  bloody conflict in Darfur, African foreign ministers said  Sunday ahead of a summit on the crisis.
Little worked for Francona It started early. Again. And all the Red Sox and their fans could do was wonder how bad it would be this time and if the outburst would subside enough to enable the Red Sox to make some noise in the American League Championship Series.
Belarus Votes to Extend Lukashenko's Rule  MINSK, Belarus (Reuters) - The president of Belarus,  confident of victory in a referendum Sunday to extend his rule,  promised to serve his people better if they voted "yes" and  told the West to keep criticism of his rule to itself.
Better than the best PARIS The verdict is in: The world #39;s greatest race car driver, the champion of champions - all disciplines combined - is Heikki Kovalainen.
Invasion Of The (i)Pod People And every month, another one million people join their ranks. They #39;re the Pod People. Or make that, the iPod People. Now, if you don #39;t know what an iPod is, then you must be over 25, reports Sunday Morning contributor David Pogue.
Russia urges Iran nuclear action Russia says Iran must do more to dispel international concerns about its nuclear programme.
Karzai Rival Refuses to Concede Election KABUL, Afghanistan - Hamid Karzai's closest rival in Afghanistan's landmark election insisted Sunday he has a chance for victory, saying Karzai's commanding lead was based on early results and the election could turn on an investigation of fraud allegations.    Former Education Minister Yunus Qanooni told the Associated Press that he was preparing to be in the political opposition as the country moves toward Western-style democracy - though he added that whether he recognizes the results depends on the honesty of the probe into fraud complaints...
BoSox, Astros Play for Crucial Game 4 Wins The Boston Red Sox entered this AL championship series hoping to finally overcome their bitter rivals from New York following a heartbreaking seven-game defeat last October. Instead, they've been reduced to trying to prevent the Yankees from completing a humiliating sweep in their own ballpark...
JFK Aide Pierre Salinger Dies at 79 PARIS - Pierre Salinger, a journalist and former press secretary to President John F. Kennedy, was also a prominent backer of the theory that the 1996 crash of TWA Flight 800 was caused by a Navy missile...
Two Soldiers Die After Crash in Iraq BAGHDAD, Iraq - U.S. forces battled insurgents around the rebel stronghold of Fallujah on Sunday after two American soldiers died when their helicopters crashed south of Baghdad...
Northwest Pilot Leaders Endorse Pay Cut MINNEAPOLIS - Leaders of the union for Northwest Airlines pilots voted unanimously Saturday to endorse a tentative agreement that will cut pilot compensation by \$265 million annually.    The Master Executive Council of the Northwest branch of the Air Line Pilots Association voted 10-0 to submit the two-year deal to union members for their ratification...
Annan: Iraq War Hasn't Made World Safer LONDON - The U.S.-led war in Iraq hasn't made the world any safer, U.N. Secretary General Kofi Annan said in a British TV interview aired Sunday...
Jordan Indicts Al-Zarqawi in Conspiracy AMMAN, Jordan - Jordan's military prosecutor indicted 13 alleged Muslim militants Sunday, including Abu-Musab al-Zarqawi - one of the most wanted insurgents in Iraq - for an al-Qaida linked plot to attack targets in Jordan with chemical and conventional weapons, officials said Sunday.    Al-Zarqawi and three others from the group remain at large and will be tried in absentia, officials said...
UPDATE 1-Myskina beats Dementieva again to win in Moscow Anastasia Myskina trounced Elena Dementieva 7-5 6-0 in the Kremlin Cup final on Sunday to retain her Moscow title in a rematch of their all-Russian French Open final earlier this year.
Wenger calls for cool on Man U ARSENAL boss Arsene Wenger warned an ugly fracas must be avoided when his all-conquering side travels to Old Trafford on Sunday for a mouth-watering match against bitter rivals Manchester United.
NBA China or Chinese NBA? Yao Ming and his Houston Rockets entertained Chinese basketball fans with two real NBA games this weekend, though they were just two pre-season games against the Sacramento Kings.
Israelis quit Gaza after killing 138 THE Israeli army ended its 17-day-long incursion into the Gaza Strip over the weekend after carrying out its assignment to exact a price for the firing of rockets by Hamas at towns inside Israel.
Statement About UK Troop Deployment in Iraq Defense Minister Geoff Hoon will make a statement to the House of Commons on Monday about British troop deployments in Iraq, amid reports that Britain is considering sending some 600 soldiers to bolster US operations near Baghdad.
UN: 10,000 People Dying Monthly in Darfur In the Darfur region of western Sudan, nearly 10,000 people per month have lost their lives from malnutrition and disease adding up to 70,000 deaths since the crisis started in February of 2003.
NO WAY OUT FOR ENGLAND England #39;s controversial tour to Zimbabwe next month looks certain to go ahead after the official inquiry into racism within their cricket found no evidence when it was presented to the International Cricket Council today.
All Ords get help from gold, Dr Money THE sharemarket should take heart from US Federal Reserve chairman Alan Greenspan #39;s comment that sky-high oil prices won #39;t harm the US economy - as long as they don #39;t go any higher.
Alitalia Sees 2004 Loss of EU515 Million, in Line With 2003 Alitalia SpA, Italy #39;s largest airline, said it expects a loss this year of about 515 million euros (\$642 million), in line with 2003.
Palestinian Zakah to Combat Poverty A cohort of Palestinian intellectuals proposed setting up a central Zakah fund to channel the alms into productive projects 
Your Daily Tech News Service... Short-Media have thrown up a new article which asks does Windows Service Pack 2 slow you down? Microsoft released Service Pack 2 and millions installed it.
BARCLAYCARD PREMIERSHIP BETTING ODDS: ARSENAL With Chelsea losing their unbeaten record and Manchester United failing yet again to win, William Hill now make Arsenal red-hot 2/5 favourites to retain the title.
Ronaldo saves Real #39;s Betis blushes Real Madrid coach Mariano Garcia Remon lamented poor finishing after his side were forced to rely on a trademark poacher #39;s strike from Ronaldo in a fortuitous 1-1 draw at Real Betis.
British troops may be sent to Baghdad British troops are likely to be deployed outside southern Iraq for the first time in support of US troops in some of the worst trouble spots in the country, including Baghdad, it emerged last night.
Slain Captive Engineer: Pakistan repatriates Body to China BEIJING (China): Body of the slain Chinese engineer, Wang Peng who lost his life during operation against the al-Qaeda linked captors in the tribal belt of Pakistan reached here on Saturday by a special plane, which was arranged by Islamabad as an 
Jon Stewart Attacks the Media through Crossfire Instead of plugging his new book, Jon Stewart tonight on CNN's crossfire used his time to slam the media's coverage of the election.  Although Stewart leans left, he attacked political shows and begged them: "Stop, stop, stop, stop hurting America."  Is it time to really stop all the political games that both sides play?  Torrent of the event is available.
Fed Debates Policy for Post-Greenspan Era (Reuters) Reuters - Battle lines are drawn at the\Federal Reserve between those who favor formal inflation goals\and those who don't, and the debate is heating up ahead of the\coming retirement of Chairman Alan Greenspan.
Deluge of Big Earnings to Dominate (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. stock investors face a\mind-numbing pile of information this week as corporate\earnings and economic data pour in, Alan Greenspan speaks and\the presidential election heads toward the homestretch.
U.N.'s Annan: Iraq War Done Little to Halt Terrorism (Reuters) Reuters - The Iraq war has done little to increase\security across the world or halt the activities of\international terrorists, United Nations Secretary-General Kofi\Annan said Sunday.
African Leaders in Libya to Discuss Darfur (Reuters) Reuters - The Sudanese government and\rebel leaders need to be pushed to find a solution to the\bloody conflict in Darfur, African foreign ministers said\Sunday ahead of a summit on the crisis.
European Ministers Meet for Terror Talks (AP) AP - Interior ministers from Italy, France, Germany, Britain and Spain searched for Europe-wide solutions in the fights against terror and illegal immigration during informal talks Sunday at a Florentine villa.
Halloween Means Sales as Adults Join In (Reuters) Reuters - Halloween is expected to scare up\record sales this year as more adults -- and pets -- join in\what was once mainly a children's dress-up event, filling a\void before the key Christmas shopping season.
Vancouver votes in record numbers, rejects ward-based electoral system (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - VANCOUVER (CP) - Vancouver residents took to the polls in record numbers Saturday and voted not to adopt a ward system used by every other major Canadian city to elect its municipal politicians.
Deluge of Big Earnings to Dominate  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stock investors face a  mind-numbing pile of information this week as corporate  earnings and economic data pour in, Alan Greenspan speaks and  the presidential election heads toward the homestretch.
Settlers Say Gaza Meeting with Sharon a 'Disgrace'  JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Jewish settler leaders failed in a  rare meeting with Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon on Sunday  to persuade him to back their proposal to put his planned Gaza  withdrawal to a national referendum.
Comet Smashed Into Southern Germany In 200 BC PARIS (AFP) -- A comet or asteroid smashed into modern-day Germany some 2,200 years ago, unleashing energy equivalent to thousands of atomic bombs, scientists revealed.     The 1.1-kilometre (0.7-mile) diameter rock wacked into southeastern Bavaria, leaving an "exceptional field" of meteorites and impact craters that stretch from the town of Altoetting to an area around Lake Chiemsee, the scientists said Friday in an article in the latest issue of US magazine Astronomy...
Unlikely Visionary Behind Private Race to Space SpaceShipOne visionary Peter Diamandis wasn't thinking about history as he stood in the Mojave desert and watched a small, shuttlecock-shaped craft glide back to Earth having nudged the edge of space. He just thought it looked beautiful.
New Hope in the Fight Against Breast Cancer Mammograms have become a rite of passage for 40-year-old American women, and a compulsory exercise for those over 40. But as rote as those annual screenings might seem, there's nothing routine about a diagnosis of breast cancer.
Bush Says He's Best Protection From Draft DAYTONA BEACH, Fla. - President Bush turned is turning the tables on Sen...
U.S. Continues Major Attack on Fallujah BAGHDAD, Iraq - U.S. forces battled insurgents around the rebel stronghold of Fallujah on Sunday, and militants ambushed and killed nine Iraqi policemen returning from training in Jordan...
A new crew arrives at the space station A Soyuz spacecraft with a replacement crew for the international space station docked safely with the orbiting complex early Saturday.
Myskina defends title in Moscow Moscow, Russia (Sports Network) - Anastasia Myskina of Russia successfully defended her title in Moscow with a straight-set win over countrywoman Elena Dementieva at the final of the \$1.
Loeb takes the slow road to first world title A cautious approach helped Frenchman Sebastien Loeb to win his first world rallying title on Sunday. Before the Rally of France, Citroen team boss Guy Frequelin 
Karzai leads in Afghanistan vote count KABUL - Interim leader Hamid Karzai holds about 70 per cent of the votes counted so far after Afghanistan #39;s landmark presidential election.
Chemical Blast Wounds 2 at Kenya Airport An explosion went off Sunday at an airport in Kenya #39;s capital, wounding at least two people Sunday and prompting authorities to seal off the facility to air traffic, witnesses said.
Saudi Arabia bans tinted car windows Saudi Arabia banned tinted car windows on Sunday in a move aimed at preventing militants escaping detection on the kingdom #39;s roads.
Many Churches Installing Cell Phone Jammers The jarring polychromatic din of ringing cell phones is increasingly being thwarted - from religious sanctuaries to India's parliament to Tokyo theaters and commuter trains - by devices originally developed to help security forces avert eavesdropping and thwart phone-triggered bombings.
New England Patriots FOXBORO, Massachusetts (Ticker) -- A possible preview of Super Bowl XXXIX will be staged Sunday when the New England Patriots host the Seattle Seahawks in the first meeting between the teams in nearly 11 years.
San Diego Chargers ATLANTA (Ticker) -- Michael Vick gets to play the team that passed on the chance to draft him Sunday when the Atlanta Falcons host the San Diego Chargers in an interconference matchup.
Kabila makes symbolic visit to eastern DRC The Democratic Republic of Congo #39;s President Joseph Kabila visited the former rebel-held east on Saturday for the first time since taking power, a trip intended to show the country was reuniting after years of war.
Jordan Indicts Zarqawi in Foiled Chemical Plot  AMMAN, Jordan (Reuters) - A group of militants was summoned  Sunday and formally charged for their alleged role in a  thwarted chemical attack using suicide bombers, judicial  sources said ahead of a trial which should begin in November.
IPO plans from China #39;s sole unlisted telecom WASHINGTON - China Netcom, the only unlisted company among China #39;s four big telecoms operators, filed on Friday with the US Securities and Exchange Commission to raise as much as US\$1.
Microsoft #39;s Halo 2 video game leaked on internet Halo 2, the sequel to Microsoft #39;s best-selling game for its Xbox video console, has leaked onto the internet nearly four weeks before its planned sale.
Paris report: Open-source move could be costly It won #39;t be  quot;all or nothing quot; and it won #39;t be  quot;everything, right away. quot; That #39;s the gist of the message coming out of Paris following the presentation of a report on a possible switch from Windows to open source.
Golf: Els wins record sixth World Match Play title WENTWORTH, England : Ernie Els proved himself the master of the World Match Play championship on Sunday when he won a record breaking sixth title - beating England #39;s Lee Westwood 2 and 1 in the 36-hole final.
Iran ready to discuss nuclear issue  quot;without conditions quot;: official Iran on Sunday said it was ready tohold negotiations on its nuclear program  quot;without any conditions quot;,but Tehran could not be forced to do anything, the official IRNAnews agency reported.
Seven Iraqis Die in Falluja Battles, Baghdad Attack US jets bombed Falluja Sunday and troops fought rebels accused of shielding foreign fighters led by Abu Musab al-Zarqawi, America #39;s top foe in Iraq.
Relentless Els Seals Record Sixth Match Play Title  VIRGINIA WATER, England (Reuters) - Ernie Els beat Lee  Westwood 2 1 in a gripping final at Wentworth Sunday to win a  record sixth World Match Play Championship and claim the  biggest first prize in golf.
Chinese finance minister says nine per cent economic growth acceptable (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - BEIJING (AP) - China's finance minister says economic growth of nine per cent this year would be acceptable, state television reported this week in the first acknowledgment by a senior official that growth might exceed the government's target of seven per cent.
Voters Dislike Nasty Campaigns (AP) AP - Near the end of a long presidential campaign, the question in this hard-fought state is becoming more familiar: Which candidate do you like? And the reply of 62-year-old independent voter Joy Handyside is perhaps all-too-common.
Paris govt. offices slowly switching to open-source software Local government offices in the French capital will be moving to open source software, but they #39;ll be doing it slowly. An independent study showed that a switch to open source would cause  quot;significant 
Boston Facing Monster Challenge Boston Red Sox manager Terry Francona walked into his clubhouse Thursday morning and it was the same place he #39;s enjoyed all season.
SportsNetwork Game Preview (Sports Network) - Carlos Beltran may be the newest Killer B in Houston #39;s lineup, but right now he is also the most feared hitter on the Astros.
Rusedski Only Un-seed Into ATP Moscow Semifinals Brit Greg Rusedski continued to pick up momentum in his comeback from being falsely accused of drug doping earlier this year by the ATP, Friday upsetting No.
Stuttgart Top In Day Of Shocks Matthias Sammer #39;s VfB Stuttgart moved to the top of the Bundesliga table on Saturday with a 2-0 win over Sammer #39;s former employers Borussia Dortmund, on a day that saw shock defeats for both Werder Bremen and Bayern Munich.
Britain may move troops north LONDONBritish troops could be moved to Baghdad to provide cover for American troops as they carry out offensive operations against insurgents in Falluja and elsewhere in the country, media reports said yesterday.
Two killed in mortar attack in Baghdad Two people were killed and a third injured Sunday when a rocket-propelled grenade exploded at a weapons depot east of Baghdad. Eyewitnesses said the grenade fell into a sports club where al-Mehdi militiamen 
Delta Reports That Its Cash Is Dwindling Rapidly Delta Air Lines, which is struggling to avoid a bankruptcy filing, said yesterday that it expected to lose as much as \$675 million for the third quarter and that it was using cash at a steep rate.
Royal Group Technologies shares remain halted as rumours swirl TORONTO (CP) - Trading in shares of Royal Group Technologies Ltd. remained halted by regulatory order Thursday amid rumours about police and securities commission investigations of the building products maker.
Els claims record sixth Match Play Ernie Els claimed a record sixth World Match Play title by beating Lee Westwood two and one in a gripping final at Wentworth. The South African world number two celebrated 
Favourite Garcia Takes Mallorca Honours Sergio Garcia justified his position as pre-tournament favourite, and perhaps even his decision to turn down the chance of 1million, with victory in the Mallorca Classic today.
Cloak and dagger Dortmund Those of you who try to follow the Bundesliga by checking the German media will come off a confusing week, as there was very little talk of football.
Sudan Questions WHOs Darfur Death Toll KHARTOUM, 17 October 2004 - Sudan yesterday questioned UN estimates that up to 70,000 people had died from hunger and disease in its remote Darfur region since a rebellion began 20 months ago.
First Permanent Russian Military Base Opened Russian President Vladimir Putin and Tajik President Imomali Rakhmonov dedicated the first permanent Russian military base in Tajikistan today.
Greenspan on Oil In a speech on Friday, Alan Greenspan, chairman of the Federal Reserve, gave qualified reassurance on the adequacy of future global oil supplies to meet rising demandat least through a mid-century transition to a new primary energy source.
Google Desktop Search 1.0 Beta If there is one IT company that has changed the way we surf the Internet, especially while searching for data online, then it has to be Google.
Bear Stearns bond offering practices investigated The Securities and Exchange Commission is investigating Bear Stearns Cos #39; (BSC.N: Quote, Profile, Research) municipal bond offering practices, according to a filing from the US investment bank.
GM, Struggling in Europe, Sets Big Job Cuts Europe has been a cold place for American carmakers these last few years. On Thursday, the General Motors Corporation made clear just how cold, announcing it 
New Threat to Yukos Licenses Issued Natural Resources Minister Yury Trutnev said Saturday that Yukos #39; main production unit, Yuganskneftegaz, could lose its licenses over what he termed  quot;rather serious quot; technical violations.
Sun Micro Posts Narrower Quarterly Loss Network computer maker Sun Microsystems Inc. on Thursday posted a narrower quarterly loss as revenue rose for the second consecutive quarter on higher sales of servers after three years of declines.
Barrett: Intel Makes U-Turn, Cancels Four-Gigahertz Chip In a bumpy year of missteps and about-faces, Intel (nasdaq: INTC - news - people ) announced another U-turn: On Thursday the chipmaker said it halted plans to release a 4-gigahertz microprocessor.
Microsoft Claims Partnership Creates 1,000 .Net Platforms Executives with Hewlett-Packard and Microsoft have disclosed that a 2-year-old partnership created to promote the use of .Net for Web services has resulted in the installation of 1,000 .
Four sentenced for web porn in Beijing Four men were sentenced to termed imprisonment Thursday in Beijing for creating and profiting from pornographic websites, reported China Daily on Thursday.
IBM and Cisco in enterprise security tie-up IBM and Cisco Systems have unveiled product updates that will tie technology from the two companies more closely together in an effort to secure customer networks from worms and viruses.
(Sports Network) - This year #39;s American League Championship Series &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Red Sox. Boston is on the verge of being swept in four games by the New York. on Aaron Boone #39;s home run in bottom of the 11th inning of Game 7. It #39;s been a. pennant in the last seven years.
Garcia pulls away, wins Mallorca Classic MALLORCA, Spain (Ticker) - Sergio Garcia lived up to his billing as pre-tournament favorite perfectly when he cruised to victory in the Mallorca Classic at Pula Golf Club Sunday.
Ferguson begins war of words LONDON, Oct. 17. - Manchester United manager Sir Alex Ferguson today reopened his war of words with Arsenals Mr Arsene Wenger, a week before the two clubs Premier League confrontation at Old Trafford.
Packers break out of slump, pound Lions Detroit, MI (Sports Network) - Brett Favre threw for 257 yards and a pair of touchdowns as Green Bay stopped a four-game losing streak with a 38-10 pounding of Detroit in an NFC North showdown at Ford Field.
Sun Micro Posts Narrower Quarterly Loss Network computer maker Sun Microsystems Inc. (SUNW.O: Quote, Profile, Research) on Thursday posted a narrower quarterly loss as revenue rose year over year for the 
US troops, insurgents fight around Iraqi rebel city of Fallujah FALLUJAH, Iraq : US troops and insurgents battled on the edge of rebel-held Fallujah and nine policemen were killed in an ambush, as UN chief Kofi Annan said he did not think the invasion of Iraq had made the world a safer place.
UK ponders Iraq troop switch THE US had asked Britain to redeploy troops stationed in the UK-controlled zone in southern Iraq, the Ministry of Defence confirmed today.
Two hurt in Kenya airport blast Two customs workers have been lightly injured in a blast at one of the airports in the Kenyan capital Nairobi. A fire triggered by the explosion in a warehouse is said to have damaged the roof of an adjacent departure lounge.
Fire rips through Venezuela tower, no casualties A huge fire on Sunday destroyed 22 floors of Venezuela #39;s highest tower block in a Caracas complex housing ministries and state agencies, but there were no casualties, authorities said.
Tehran sticks by  #39;right #39; to master nuclear fuel cycle Iran repeated Sunday it had a  quot;right quot; to master the sensitive nuclear fuel cycle, ahead of an expected proposal from Europe calling for Tehran to abandon such work in exchange for diplomatic and trade incentives.
Literary icon rejects Nigerian award government in Nigeria in protest at the  quot;dangerous quot; state of the country, newspapers have reported. Problem With Nigeria quot;, rejected the award in a two-page letter addressed to President Olusegun Obasanjo.
Australia set India 229 to win second Test: Sports India, Cricket: Chennai, Oct 17 : Damien Martyn cracked his eighth Test century on the fourth day of the second Test at MA Chidambaram Stadium here Sunday to help Australia set India a target of 229 to win the match.
Jets 22, 49ers 14 Chad Pennington led the New York Jets on a second-half comeback. Rookie Jonathan Vilma sealed it. The Jets overcame a 14-3 halftime deficit and Vilma intercepted Tim Rattay #39;s poorly thrown pass with 1:44 to 
Karzai Rival Refuses to Concede Election Afghan presidential candidate Yunus Qanooni adjusts his glasses during an interview in Kabul on Sunday, Oct.17. 2004. Hamid Karzai #39;s closest rival in Afghanistan #39;s landmark election refused to concede defeat 
Spitzer Strikes Eliot Spitzer received an anonymous letter last March that made for intriguing reading. The message suggested that the New York attorney general poke around Marsh  amp; McLennan, the US #39;s largest insurance broker 
Oswalt hopes to pull Astros even CBC SPORTS ONLINE - Roger Clemens did his part, now Roy Oswalt - the Houston Astros #39; other ace pitcher -opes to follow his veteran teammate #39;s lead.
Myskina Leads a Homegrown Double The narrative of homegrown athletes triumphing over foreign opponents resonates with Russian sports fans, reaffirming their conviction that their country #39;s athletes are no worse, and in many cases even better, than athletes abroad.
Yao Ming Returns to China to NBA Exhibition Game National Basketball Association star Yao Ming, from China, received a warm welcome and responded with 13 points, but it was not enough as the Sacramento Kings edged the Houston Rockets 91-89 in a preseason game played in Beijing.
Montella inspires Roma to first away win Captain Francesco Totti scored a first-half goal and striker Vincenzo Montella added another in the second period Saturday and AS Roma beat last-place Livorno 2-0 on the road to capture its second win in six Serie A matches.
Busch bounces back from everything to hang on to points lead If Kurt Busch goes on to win his first NASCAR title, he can point to the 500 miles at Lowe #39;s Motor Speedway as the defining race of his season.
Blunderer Boris told to say sorry across the Mersey When you walk through a storm hold your head up high, and you #39;ll never walk alone - unless your name is Boris Johnson and you #39;re heading north to apologise to Liverpool.
Africa leaders seek Darfur peace A summit of African leaders in Libya seeks a solution to the crisis in the Sudanese region of Darfur.
Two hurt in Kenya airport blast Two people are hurt in a blast at one of the airports in Nairobi, thought to be the result of an accident.
Tamil Tigers reject peace plans Sri Lanka's Tamil Tiger rebels dismiss new government proposals to restart peace talks.
Thousands of Britons Protest War in Iraq LONDON - Thousands of anti-war and anti-globalization activists marched through central London and filled Trafalgar Square on Sunday to protest the U.S.-led coalition's presence in Iraq.    The march marked the culmination of the third European Social Forum - three days of speeches, workshops and debates largely dominated by Iraq and the U.S...
Zarqawi Movement Vows al-Qaida Allegiance BAGHDAD, Iraq - The most feared militant group in Iraq, the movement of terror mastermind Abu Musab al-Zarqawi, declared its allegiance to Osama bin Laden on Sunday, saying it had resolved a dispute with al-Qaida over strategy and vowing unity against "the enemies of Islam."   The question of al-Zarqawi's relationship to bin Laden and the al-Qaida leadership has been the subject of considerable speculation. Some experts believed al-Zarqawi - who has claimed to be leading a bloody campaign of bombings against U.S...
Kerry Warns of Privatized Social Security WASHINGTON - Massachusetts Sen. John Kerry accused President Bush on Sunday of planning a surprise second-term effort to privatize Social Security and forecast a "disaster for America's middle class."   Republicans denied the charge as scare tactics with little more than two weeks remaining in a tight election...
Investors Weigh Pharmaceuticals, Techs NEW YORK - As Wall Street sifts through more than 300 third-quarter earnings reports this week, technology and pharmaceutical stocks will be getting some of the closest scrutiny.    The focus on drug companies results from a recent spate of bad news about Merck   Co...
Tommy Lee Plays With College Marching Band LINCOLN, Neb. - Drummer Tommy Lee has played plenty of stadium shows with his band Motley Crue...
U.S. Ground, Air Attacks Pound Fallujah BAGHDAD, Iraq - U.S. troops pounded the insurgent stronghold Fallujah with airstrikes and tank fire Sunday, and the Iraqi government appealed to residents of the city to expel "foreign terrorists" and "murderers" to prevent an all-out attack...
Pentagon: Ex-Detainees Return to Terror WASHINGTON - Despite gaining their freedom by signing pledges to renounce violence, at least seven former prisoners of the United States at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, have returned to terrorism, at times with deadly consequences.    At least two are believed to have died in fighting in Afghanistan, and a third was recaptured during a raid of a suspected training camp in Afghanistan, said Lt...
Karzai Rival Refuses to Concede Election KABUL, Afghanistan - Hamid Karzai's rivals said Sunday it was too early to call Afghanistan's inaugural presidential election, despite the interim leader's dominant showing after three days of vote-counting.    The U.S.-backed incumbent's main challenger, Yunus Qanooni, insisted that a full count and a proper investigation by a panel of foreign experts on fraud allegations could yet put him in the running...
Violence Continues in Fallujah U.S. troops pounded the insurgent stronghold Fallujah with airstrikes and tank fire Sunday, and the Iraqi government appealed to residents of the city to expel "foreign terrorists" and "murderers" to prevent an all-out attack.
Sony May Open Stores, Worrying Retailers (AP) AP - Few people took notice when Sony Electronics Inc. opened a tiny storefront last year here at South Coast Plaza, a swanky mall south of Los Angeles.
Is the Mobile Phone the Next iPod Killer? (Reuters) Reuters - English photographer Alastair Daly was\in the market recently for an affordable digital music player\capable of storing enough songs to pass the time on his\hour-long commute through the capital city's clogged streets.
Settlers Say Gaza Meeting with Sharon a 'Disgrace' (Reuters) Reuters - Jewish settler leaders failed Sunday\to persuade Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon to put his\planned Gaza withdrawal to a national referendum and called a\confrontational meeting with him a "disgrace."
Biogen Mulling Bid for Ireland's Elan (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. drug company Biogen Idec\is considering an all-share bid of more than 8.5 billion euros\( #36;10.6 billion) for Irish peer Elan, a newspaper reported on\Sunday.
Loud Blast Shakes Baghdad, Casualties Feared (Reuters) Reuters - A loud explosion rocked a cafe\frequented by Iraqi police near the Australian embassy in\Baghdad on Sunday, witnesses said.
Karzai maintains lead in early Afghan vote count (AFP) AFP - President Hamid Karzai maintained his early lead in Afghanistan's election after just over eight percent of the ballots had been counted, the election commission said.
'No Child Left Behind' Top Education Issue (AP) AP - President Bush asked for it. Sen. John Kerry voted for it. Both candidates now find their education agendas driven by the No Child Left Behind law.
Judge Recalls Football Glory in Campaign (AP) AP - Judge Dick Ambrose wants his name to stand out on the November ballot like an orange Cleveland Browns helmet in a sea of Steelers black and gold.
S.C. Candidates Pledge to Fully Arm GIs (AP) AP - The two candidates vying to fill South Carolina's open Senate seat both pledged Sunday to fully arm American troops in Iraq, as the Army investigates the refusal of a South Carolina-based platoon to go on a convoy mission because their trucks were unarmored.
Biogen Mulling Bid for Ireland's Elan  DUBLIN, Ireland (Reuters) - U.S. drug company Biogen Idec  is considering an all-share bid of more than 8.5 billion euros  (\$10.6 billion) for Irish peer Elan, a newspaper reported on  Sunday.
Settlers Say Gaza Meeting with Sharon a 'Disgrace'  JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Jewish settler leaders failed Sunday  to persuade Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon to put his  planned Gaza withdrawal to a national referendum and called a  confrontational meeting with him a "disgrace."
US Global's Holmes Mines Commodity Stocks  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Frank Holmes would have loved to  become a boxer, but he hung up his gloves at an early age and  took a jab at money management instead.
Loud Blast Shakes Baghdad, Casualties Feared  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - A loud explosion rocked a cafe  frequented by Iraqi police near the Australian embassy in  Baghdad on Sunday, witnesses said.
Zarqawi Pledges Allegiance to Bin Laden -- Web Site  DUBAI (Reuters) - An Iraq-based group led by Abu Musab  al-Zarqawi has pledged allegiance to Osama bin Laden's al Qaeda  group in a move it said aimed to increase the "ire of infidels  and the fear of the enemies of Islam."
Pope Says World Racked by Violence, Terrorism, War  VATICAN CITY (Reuters) - Pope John Paul said on Sunday  peace was still far-off with nations racked by violence,  terrorism and war, and abortion casting a "threatening shadow"  over parts of the world.
Packers end skid with 38-10 win Dont put a fork in the Green Bay Packers yet. The team that began the season by whipping the Carolina Panthers on the road resurfaced Sunday at Ford Field and did the same to the Detroit Lions.
Chinese Space Capsule Hits House The capsule of a Chinese satellite returning to Earth has smashed into a building in southwestern Sichuan province, causing damage but no injuries.
Loeb clinches rally title FRANCE #39;s Sebastien Loeb became the new world rally champion today after finishing second behind Markko Martin in the Rally of Corsica.
 #39;); //-- gt; Eye On Stocks Sun Microsystems (nasdaq: SUNW - news - people ) said it broke even for the fiscal first quarter, topping analysts #39; estimates.
Kansas City Chiefs JACKSONVILLE, Florida (Ticker) -- Showing poise well beyond his years, Byron Leftwich once again carried the Jacksonville Jaguars to a last-second victory.
Els tops Westwood to win his record sixth HSBC Match Play crown WENTWORTH, England (PA) -- Ernie Els had a 35th birthday to remember forever on Sunday at the Wentworth Club. A 2  amp; 1 victory over an under-the-weather Lee Westwood completed with a 20-foot birdie putt on 
Choose a topic from the pull-down menu: Sergio Garcia lived up to his billing as pre-tournament favourite perfectly when he cruised to victory in the Mallorca Classic at Pula Golf Club, the 24 year old Spaniard notching his fifth European Tour International Schedule title in his 69th event.
Bear Stearns Bond Unit Is Under SEC Investigation Bear Stearns has received subpoenas from federal investigators looking into its municipal bond business, the company reported in documents filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission yesterday.
Satellite part returns with a bang The retrievable chamber of China #39;s 20th recoverable satellite returned to Earth with a bang, crashing through the roof of a house, the Beijing News says.
Myskina to Defend Moscow Title in Roland Garros Final Rematch Anastasia Myskina, entering the WTA Moscow semifinals with an 0-4 career record versus Lindsay Davenport, got over the hump Saturday with a 6-4, 7-6(1) victory against the new No.
Shearer stars at both ends London - Andy O #39;Brien #39;s own goal cancelled out Craig Bellamy #39;s first half strike as Newcastle was held 1-1 by Charlton on Sunday and failed to capture fourth spot in the Premier League.
Juve stretch lead as Roma grab win Juventus stretched their Serie A lead to five points as they battled to a 2-1 win over this season #39;s surprise packages Messina.
Martyn braves heat, takes Test to wire This is turning out to be more like a game of snakes and ladders than anything else. Or perhaps an analogy with chess would be better.
Chinas economy: Fear and attraction GUANGZHOU, China Few business executives watch the growth of the Chinese economy as closely as Michael Smith, the chief executive of Hongkong and Shanghai Banking.
Sudan seeks talks with new group The Sudanese government says it will open talks with a new rebel group from the troubled region of Darfur.
Tiny L.E.D.'s Grow Into Mighty Theatrical Lights Lamina Ceramics plans to introduce a light-emitting diode array with heat-reduction technology that allows it to be as bright as a theatrical light without a meltdown.
Belarusians OK Scrapping Term Limits (AP) AP - Belarusian voters approved a referendum to scrap presidential term limits, the Central Elections Commission chief said Monday, citing partial results. Ending the limits would allow authoritarian leader Alexander Lukashenko to seek a new term in 2006.
Pats Beat Seahawks, Extend Win Streak (AP) AP - The New England Patriots stopped a late Seattle comeback to beat the Seahawks 30-20 Sunday, running their streak to 20 wins, including playoffs. They also tied the league record with their 17th consecutive regular-season victory.
Redskins Beat Bears 13-10 to End Skid (AP) AP - Clinton Portis had his best day since changing teams and Washington throttled Chicago's inept offense as the Redskins beat the Bears 13-10.
Sports: Falcons 21 Chargers 20 ATLANTA San Diego led 17-to-7 in the fourth quarter when Michael Vick, whose rights were traded by the Chargers to Atlanta in 2001, got rolling.
Bills Get First Win Over Winless Dolphins (AP) AP - Takeo Spikes made good on his vow the Buffalo Bills would finally provide some good news for their fans this weekend.
Badgers Primed for Championship Run (AP) AP - Wisconsin coach Barry Alvarez thinks his team's thrilling come-from-behind victory at Purdue could be the start of something special. The Badgers jumped four spots in the AP Top 25 to No. 6 after their 20-17 win over Purdue on Saturday and are primed for a run at the national championship.
Relentless Els Seals Record Sixth Match Play Title  VIRGINIA WATER, England (Reuters) - Ernie Els beat Lee  Westwood 2 1 in a gripping final at Wentworth Sunday to win a  record sixth World Match Play Championship and claim the  biggest first Prize in golf.
Wolfsburg Beaten by Hanover, Stuttgart Stays Top  BERLIN (Reuters) - VfL Wolfsburg failed to reclaim the  Bundesliga lead when they lost 3-0 away to Hanover 96 on  Sunday, leaving VfB Stuttgart two points clear at the top.
Valencia Defeat Leaves Barca Five Points Clear  MADRID (Reuters) - Valencia suffered a 2-1 defeat at home  to nine-man Sevilla Sunday to leave Barcelona five points clear  at the top of the Primera Liga table.
Jets Go 5-0 With Win Over 49ers The Jets overcame a 14-3 halftime deficit and Jonathan Vilma intercepted Tim Rattay's pass with 1:44 to go, helping New York make franchise history.
U.S.C. Extends Lead Over Oklahoma in A.P. Poll On the eve of the season's first B.C.S. standings, No. 1 Southern California increased its lead on No. 2 Oklahoma in The A.P. Top 25.
Els Wins Record Sixth Match Play Title Ernie Els won the tournament for a record sixth time, beating Lee Westwood 2 and 1 Sunday to capture golf's biggest payday -- \$1.8 million.
Portis Pounds Bears, Redskins Snap Streak Clinton Portis runs for 171 yards but the Redskins need several big plays from their defense to hold off the Bears, 13-10, in Chicago.
Eagles Rout Panthers Overmatched and undermanned, the Panthers had no chance against the Eagles in a rematch of last season's NFC championship game, 30-8.
Els Wins Record Sixth Match Play Title Ernie Els won the World Match Play title for a record sixth time on his 35th birthday, beating Lee Westwood 2 and 1 Sunday to capture golf's biggest payday - \$1.8 million.
Bills RB McGahee Gets First Career Start Buffalo running back Willis McGahee made the first start of his career in the Bills' game against the Miami Dolphins on Sunday.
Rockets Nip Kings As NBA Travels to China The crowd chanted Yao Ming's name all game, soaking up the novelty of the NBA in another tribute to a player who is fast becoming a one-man basketball marketing force in China.
RCMP help find crashed jet #39;s data recorder Thanks to a break in the weather, search teams have found the black box of a cargo jet that crashed at Halifax #39;s International Airport last week.
NFL Wrap: Manning Throws 3 TDs to Lead Colts Past Titans  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Peyton Manning threw three touchdown  passes to move closer to the all-time season record as the  Indianapolis Colts routed the visiting Tennessee Titans 51-24  in the NFL on Sunday.
Former Enron finance executive testifies in barge case HOUSTON (AP _ A former Enron finance executive says he realized in May 2000 that the company #39;s purported 1999 barge sale to Merrill Lynch was improper.
Filtered estimates find upside, downside candidates SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW) -- Third-quarter earnings have so far beaten reduced expectations, and more surprises are expected in the coming week -- the busiest period of the earnings season.
Possible new iPod causing buzz Is Apple Computer Inc fine-tuning an enhanced iPod with roughly 50 percent more storage and a colour screen to display photos? The Internet sites that follow Apples coming product releases are buzzing with 
Loeb takes the world championship France #39;s Sebastien Loeb won his first world rallying title by finishing second in the Rally of France. He succeeded Didier Auriol, who was France #39;s only other world champion a 
Lions Return to Old Form, Crushed 38-10 The Detroit Lions had everyone fooled -- except the Green Bay Packers. Brett Favre and Co, entering Ford Field with a 1-4 record, hammered the Lions 38-10 on Sunday, leaving little doubt that the Lions were, in fact, pretenders.
Indonesia pact gets bipartisan support The federal government has received bipartisan support for a proposed new security deal with Indonesia. Foreign Minister Alexander Downer says it #39;s possible Australia could negotiate a security and anti-terrorism 
US death penalty foes want Kerry presidency (AFP) AFP - US death penalty opponents hope that Democrat John Kerry, a former prosecutor who opposes executions, wins the presidency from George W. Bush, who strongly supports the death penalty.
Zarqawi Movement Vows al-Qaida Allegiance BAGHDAD, Iraq - The most feared militant group in Iraq, the movement of terror mastermind Abu Musab al-Zarqawi, declared its allegiance to Osama bin Laden on Sunday, saying it had agreed with al-Qaida over strategy and the need for unity against "the enemies of Islam."   The declaration, which began with a Quranic verse encouraging Muslim unity, said al-Zarqawi considered bin Laden "the best leader for Islam's armies against all infidels and apostates."   It said the two had been in communication eight months ago and "viewpoints were exchanged" before the dialogue was interrupted.   "God soon blessed us with a resumption in communication, and the dignified brothers in al-Qaida understood the strategy of Tawhid and Jihad," the statement said...
Some Detainees Said Returning to Terror WASHINGTON - Despite gaining their freedom by signing pledges to renounce violence, at least seven former prisoners of the United States at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, have returned to terrorism, at times with deadly consequences.    At least two are believed to have died in fighting in Afghanistan, and a third was recaptured during a raid of a suspected training camp in Afghanistan, said Lt...
Pats Beat Seahawks, Extend Win Streak FOXBORO, Mass. - The New England Patriots stopped a late Seattle comeback to beat the Seahawks 30-20 Sunday, running their streak to 20 wins, including playoffs...
U.S. Ground, Air Attacks Pound Fallujah BAGHDAD, Iraq - U.S. troops pounded the insurgent stronghold of Fallujah with airstrikes and tank fire Sunday, and the Iraqi government appealed to residents of the city to expel "foreign terrorists" and "murderers" to prevent an all-out attack...
Risk consultant Kroll names new CEO NEW YORK -- Risk consultant Kroll Inc. on Sunday named a new chief executive to replace Michael G. Cherkasky, the new head of Marsh Inc.
Archos announces iPod Mini sized 20Gb MP3 player Archos, has launched an ultra small MP3 player to not only challenge the iPod, but also the iPod Mini. The player - entitled the Gmini XS200 measures just 7.6 x 5.9 x 1.9cm and weights 120g even though it can store up to 5,000 songs.
African mini summit on Darfur opens in Libya An African mini summit on theDarfur issue, which brought together leaders from Libya, Sudan,Egypt, Nigeria and Chad, opened here Sunday.
Annan says world no safer The Iraq war has done little to increase security across the world or halt the activities of international terrorists, United Nations Secretary-General Kofi Annan says.
Explosion wounds at least two people at an airport in Kenya An explosion went off Sunday at an airport in Kenya #39;s capital, wounding at least two people Sunday and prompting authorities to seal off the facility to air traffic, witnesses said.
Taliban #39;s sense of humour fails TV test Television stations in two Arab states have abandoned plans to broadcast a soap opera set in Taliban-ruled Afghanistan, after an internet threat to  quot;strike quot; against the actors and executives involved.
JD Power Reportedly Exploring Sale WESTLAKE VILLAGE -- JD Power  amp; Associates, the research firm best known for its surveys of cars and other consumer products, has hired a firm to explore options that could include selling the privately held company, according to newspaper reports.
McNealy: Pulling Out A Tough Quarter At Sun Keep praising your troops and maybe they #39;ll win the fight. Sun Microsystems (nasdaq: SUNW - news - people ) Chief Executive Scott McNealy saw good in earnings that were somewhat worse than expected.
UPDATE 3-Valencia defeat leaves Barca five points clear Valencia suffered a 2-1 defeat at home to nine-man Sevilla on Sunday to leave Barcelona five points clear at the top of the Primera Liga table.
The Monday Interview: Leader of the Movement for Democratic Change Zimbabwe #39;s main opposition leader is relaxing today in his bungalow in Harare, having just escaped a death sentence for treason.
Buttiglione singles out a new target: lone parents The new European Commission president, Jose Manuel Barroso, is under mounting pressure to strip Italy #39;s designated justice commissioner, of his role in anti-discrimination policy after he made another gaffe at the weekend.
Investigators find data recorder at Halifax crash site HALIFAX - Investigators have recovered the flight data recorders from the wreckage of the cargo jet that crashed at Halifax International Airport last week.
China Sends 95 Riot Police to Join UN Peacekeepers in Haiti China sent 95 riot police to join United Nations #39; peacekeepers in Haiti to help increase security in the Caribbean island nation, the poorest in the Western Hemisphere, the official Chinese news agency Xinhua said.
Chinese Showcase Fuel-Saving Cars (AP) AP - The Habo No. 1 looks like any one of the legions of Volkswagen sedans in China. But a peek under the hood reveals an array of chrome canisters instead of the usual engine  #151; the Habo is fueled not by gas but hydrogen peroxide.
NFL Wrap: Patriots Roll to 20th Straight Win (Reuters) Reuters - Corey Dillon rushed for 105 yards and\two touchdowns as the New England Patriots won their 20th\consecutive game, defeating the Seattle Seahawks 30-20 in
Auburn Downplays National Title Hopes (AP) AP - There was some national championship talk going on in the locker room at Auburn's Jordan-Hare Stadium.
McNulty Runs Away With SBC Championship (AP) AP - Mark McNulty shot a 6-under 65 Sunday to win the SBC Championship by eight strokes over Gary McCord, the largest margin of victory in a 54-hole Champions Tour event this season.
GIs Who Refused Job Had Unarmored Trucks (AP) AP - The U.S. Army Reserve soldiers who refused orders to drive a dangerous route were members of one of a few supply units whose trucks are still unarmored, their commanding general said Sunday.
Libyan leader Gadhafi hosts mini-summit on Sudan's Darfur conflict (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - TRIPOLI, Libya (AP) - Saying they hoped African leaders could solve what the United Nations calls the world's worst humanitarian crisis without sanctions, the leaders of Egypt, Chad, Nigeria and Libya discussed the crisis in Sudan's Darfur region with the Sudanese president Monday.
Bid-fixing claim shakes insurers Several years ago, the manager of a big insurance company received an odd request from a counterpart at Marsh  amp; McLennan, the world #39;s largest insurance broker.
Greenspan: 2004 Oil Prices No  #39;74 Flashback Will today #39;s careening crude oil prices reprise That  #39;70s Show? Not according to Alan Greenspan. The Federal Reserve chairman said this year #39;s price climbs will likely have a far gentler impact on the economy 
China Netcom files for IPO HONG KONG China Netcom Group (Hong Kong), controlled by the second-largest fixed-line phone operator in China, has filed with US regulators to raise as much as \$1.
US quality analyst seeks finance DETROIT JD Power  amp; Associates, the company millions of people turn to for quality rankings on everything from cars to cameras, is exploring the possibility of putting itself up for sale.
MIG wins bid for US toll bridge Macquarie Infrastructure Group on Monday confirmed it had been selected as preferred bidder for 100 per cent of the Chicago Skyway toll bridge concession.
Apple iTunes sold more than 150 million songs Apple has revealed that it has sold more than 150 million songs trough its online music store, iTunes. The company said that iTunes users are now downloading more than four million songs a week, a rate of over 200 million songs a year.
Apple unveils new  #39;mini #39; stores OCTOBER 14, 2004 (MACCENTRAL) - At a private viewing at Stanford Shopping Center in Palo Alto, Calif., Apple Computer Inc. today unveiled a new 750-square-foot  quot;mini quot; design for its retail store.
Mercy! Longest night at Fenway BOSTON - They have outpitched them, outhit them, beaten them early and run away from them late. Saturday night, the New York Yankees went after Boston with the truncheon.
Astros Lead Cards 6-5 After Seven Innings St. Louis Cardinals #39; Albert Pujols (5) scores on a sacrifice fly ball in the third inning against the Houston Astros during Game 4 of the National League Championship Series in Houston, Sunday Oct. 17, 2004.
Lisbie saves Charlton #39;s centenary celebrations Given the nostalgia surrounding yesterday #39;s game at the Valley, it would have been cruel to deny Charlton at least a point, so a draw in the rain of south-east London was a fair result.
Soccer: Adriano paces Inter Milan The Brazilian striker Adriano scored two goals Sunday as Inter Milan beat Udinese, 3-1, in Serie A. An Andrea Pirlo strike gave AC Milan a 1-0 victory at Cagliari, moving Milan three points behind first-place Juventus.
NFL Wrap: Patriots Roll to 20th Straight Win Corey Dillon rushed for 105 yards and two touchdowns as the New England Patriots won their 20th consecutive game, defeating the Seattle Seahawks 30-20 in National Football League action in Foxboro on Sunday.
Butcher hails  #39;barrier #39; Klos TERRY Butcher, the Motherwell manager, last night drew comparisons between Rangers goalkeeper Stefan Klos and his record-breaking former Ibrox team-mate Chris Woods after the German defied his side at Fir Park.
Week 6: Sunday Stud Our Week 6 candidates for Sunday Stud include Jeff Garcia, who led the Cleveland Browns to a 34-17 victory over the Cincinnati Bengals, and Clinton Portis, who rushed for 171 yards to help the Redskins break their four-game losing streak.
Sherman #39;s talk propels Packers over Lions Brett Favre and Darren Sharper have forgotten more motivational speeches than they can remember. If the Green Bay Packers bounce back this season from their 
Jets shake off slow start, stay undefeated Chad Pennington could feel the pressure of trying to make franchise history weighing down his teammates. Trailing 14-3 at halftime, Pennington spoke up in the locker room.
Belarus Leader Wins Vote to Extend Mandate -Official Belarussian President Alexander Lukashenko secured approval in a referendum to run for a third term in office, the top election official said Monday.
Sudan Needs Help to End Darfur Crisis - Egypt Sudan #39;s government has agreed with African leaders meeting in Libya Sunday to do its best to end the conflict in Darfur that has displaced about 1.5 million people, a senior Egyptian official said.
Kenyan Airport Blast Injures at Least Two A fire truck prepares to leave after it extinguished a fire, Sunday, 17 Oct, 2004 at Nairobi #39;s Wilson airport after an explosion shook the building.
Iraqi Christians struggle to stay Inside the gutted church, with the acrid scent of burning still thick and the crunch of charcoal under foot, Iraqi Christians baptized Savio Mar Georgis.
Baseball: Yankees add page to long Red Sox tale of misery BOSTON At the First Baptist Church here, a few blocks from Fenway Park at the corner of Commonwealth and Clarendon, the subject for this Sunday #39;s service is:  quot;Why Does God Allow Suffering?
Broncos 31, Raiders 3 Jake Plummer and Reuben Droughns did little wrong while turning the Denver Broncos #39; biggest rivalry into a rout. On the other hand, Kerry Collins and Oakland #39;s offense did almost nothing right -- and the furious 
Haiti #39;s Leader Says Aristide Is Behind Violence Haiti #39;s interim prime minister on Sunday accused the ousted president, Jean-Bertrand Aristide, of directing a wave of violence from exile, while 
Tokyo Stocks Seen Moving Little (Reuters) Reuters - Japanese stocks will probably move little\on Monday as soaring oil prices and caution ahead of the U.S.\presidential election next month and its possible impact on\financial markets make investors nervous about trading\actively.
Kerry Warns Middle Class Against Bush (AP) AP - Massachusetts Sen. John Kerry accused President Bush on Sunday of planning a surprise second-term attempt to privatize Social Security, and forecast a "disaster for America's middle class." Republican party chairman Ed Gillespie called the charge "just flat inaccurate."
Tokyo Stocks Seen Moving Little  TOKYO (Reuters) - Japanese stocks will probably move little  on Monday as soaring oil prices and caution ahead of the U.S.  presidential election next month and its possible impact on  financial markets make investors nervous about trading  actively.
State Elections Mirror National Divide (AP) AP - Polarized voters, almost perfectly divided between the two parties  #151; and the balance of power hanging on hard-fought, expensive campaigns in a few key areas. It's the story line of the 2004 presidential election, but it's also playing out in the battle for power in state legislatures, where Democratic and Republican control has probably never been so evenly divided.
In US senate race, AIDS-ravaged Kenyan village roots for native son (AFP) AFP - A victory for Barack Obama in his battle for the US senate in the state of Illinois could spell hope for his ancestral Kenyan farming community, fractured by AIDS, years of poverty and illiteracy, villagers hope.
Belarus Leader Wins Overwhelming Vote for New Term  MINSK (Reuters) - Belarussian President Alexander  Lukashenko, accused in the west of flouting democratic norms,  won overwhelming approval in a referendum to run for a third  term in office, the top election official said Monday.
Will Google say hello to IM? Google watchers abuzz about the search darling #39;s new desktop tool are already betting on its next product: instant chat. Such speculation isn #39;t new, but it #39;s gained legs as some intriguing facts have come to light this week.
Kremlin hits new Yukos with new threat The Russian government has issued a new threat to strip Yukos oil of its production licenses, the Moscow Times reported Monday. Natural Resources Minister Yury Trutnev said 
Former Enron accountant presenting defense in barge case The trial of an alleged fraudulent sale by Enron Corp. to Merrill Lynch ended its fourth week with a discussion of rudimentary accounting principles by the last of six defendants on trial for conspiracy and fraud.
Report: Housing Industry Set for Trouble  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Homebuilders are set for trouble  ahead, with next year's earnings from four of the leading  housing companies set to run lower than Wall Street expects,  according to a hedge fund manager quoted in the latest edition  of Barron's.
Apple computer unveils mini-stores Capitalizing on the success of its iPod music players and laptops California-based Apple Computer is set to open six stainless steel and white mini-stores.
IBM tops off Power 5-based server line Targeting Unix archrivals Hewlett-Packard and Sun Microsystems, IBM on Friday topped off the high end of its Power 5-based line of iSeries and pSeries servers, rolling out three systems all capable of hosting as many as 250 virtual servers on a single 
Martyn inspires Aussies #39; fightback MADRAS - Damien Martyn struck a valiant 104 to spark a remarkable Australian fightback in the second Test against India yesterday.
Soccer: Battling Charlton keep unbeaten home record LONDON : Charlton came from a goal down to draw 1-1 with Newcastle at The Valley and maintain their unbeaten home record this season.
Patriots get scare, then 20th consecutive win Tom Brady lost his helmet and a fumble on a hard hit, then threw an interception that jeopardized New England #39;s NFL-record winning streak.
Prso stars in leading role Rangers #39; revival continued with victory over a stubborn and game Motherwell side at Fir Park - courtesy of two Dado Prso strikes, six minutes from the end of each half -o keep them on 
Baghdad car bomb kills seven accused of sheltering fighters led by Abu Musab al-Zarqawi, Washington #39;s main foe in Iraq. which involved US air strikes on targets in the city.
Libyan leader Gadhafi hosts mini-summit on Sudan #39;s Darfur conflict Saying they hoped African leaders could solve what the United Nations calls the world #39;s worst humanitarian crisis without sanctions, the leaders of Egypt, Chad, Nigeria and Libya discussed the crisis in Sudan #39;s Darfur region with the 
Thousands in anti-war protest rally The parents of British soldiers killed in Iraq were among thousands of protesters who joined an anti-war march through central London yesterday.
Bombers Target Christian Churches in Iraq Description: Five bombs explode at Christian churches in Baghdad early Saturday. Meanwhile, the Army is investigating a report that 19 reservists refused to go on a mission to deliver supplies, citing concerns about danger and their safety equipment.
Bomb blast shatters Baghdad cafe A powerful explosion kills six and injures at least 20 at a cafe in Baghdad popular with Iraqi police officers.
Bush and Kerry woo Florida  George W Bush and John Kerry fight to win over voters in Florida, the US state which narrowly decided the 2000 polls.
U.S. Navy Makes Skirts Optional for Women The U.S. Navy is getting a 21st century makeover, with a new dress code that makes skirts optional for its more than 54,000 female sailors for the first time since women officially entered the service in 1908...
Kerry Sees 'Disaster' for Middle Class WASHINGTON - Massachusetts Sen. John Kerry accused President Bush on Sunday of planning a surprise second-term attempt to privatize Social Security, and forecast a "disaster for America's middle class." Republican party chairman Ed Gillespie called the charge "just flat inaccurate."   The clash erupted as Kerry and his running mate both appealed to Florida voters to cast their ballots as early as Monday under the state's early voting program...
Car Bomb Kills at Least Seven in Baghdad BAGHDAD, Iraq - U.S. troops pounded Fallujah with airstrikes and tank fire Sunday, and the Iraqi government appealed to residents to expel "foreign terrorists" to prevent an all-out attack...
Johnny Depp Says He's No Heartthrob LONDON - Johnny Depp reckons he's no great movie pinup - he just has a "weird job." Arriving Sunday for the premiere of his latest movie, "Finding Neverland," at London's Leicester Square, Depp played down his movie-star image as fans lining the red carpet screamed his name.   "I wouldn't say I'm a heartthrob," he said, as his companion, French singer and actress Vanessa Paradis, looked on...
Pentagon: Ex-Detainees Return to Terror WASHINGTON - Despite gaining their freedom by signing pledges to renounce violence, at least seven former prisoners of the United States at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, have returned to terrorism, at times with deadly consequences.    At least two are believed to have died in fighting in Afghanistan, and a third was recaptured during a raid of a suspected training camp in Afghanistan, Lt...
Lopez Defeats Canas to Capture First Title &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; VIENNA (Reuters) - Feliciano Lopez won his first careertitle by defeating sixth seed Guillermo Canas 6-4, 1-6, 7-5,3-6, 7-5 to claim the Vienna Trophy Sunday.&lt;/p&gt;
Fire Sweeps Through Caracas High-Rise A fire burned its way up one of Venezuela's tallest buildings on Sunday, injuring at least 25 firefighters and prompting the evacuation of nearby residences and businesses amid fears that the tower might collapse, officials said.
UK Displays Shocking Contempt SHOCKING disdain for Zimbabwe and ignorance on what is happening here emerged in a debate in Britain #39;s House of Lords with some speakers alleging that Zimbabweans are eating grass and that Aids is their biggest export.
Switches blamed for Genesis crash Faulty switches have been identified as the most likely cause of the Genesis sample-return capsule #39;s crash landing in Utah, US, last month.
Sports: Browns 34 Bengals 17 CLEVELAND Jeff Garcia #39;s four touchdown passes carried Cleveland past Cincinnati 34-to-17. One of those tosses was the tenth 99-yard pass play in NFL history.
UPDATE 2-Blockbuster cuts online price, challenges Netflix Video chain Blockbuster Inc (BBI.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Friday said it would lower the price of its online DVD rentals to undercut a similar move by Netflix Inc.
England set to tour as ICC clear Zimbabwe England #39;s tour to Zimbabwe next month looks certain to go ahead after an inquiry found no evidence of racism within the Zimbabwe Cricket Union.
Biologists Hunt Destructive 'Frankenfish' (AP) AP - Biologists plan to use large nets and traps this week in Chicago's Burnham Harbor to search for the northern snakehead  #151; a type of fish known for its voracious appetite and ability to wreak havoc on freshwater ecosystems.
Last of Mercury Astronauts Remember 'Gordo' Cooper (Reuters) Reuters - The last of the seven Project Mercury\astronauts who pioneered U.S. space exploration in the 1960s\remembered one of their own as a fearless pilot with the "right\stuff" in an emotional memorial ceremony on Friday for Gordon\Cooper.
Nigerian Novelist Waives Award in Protest (AP) AP - One of Africa's most famous writers has rejected a Nigerian national honors award, protesting conditions in the West African nation and saying renegades were trying to turn his home state into "a bankrupt and lawless fiefdom."
Tokyo Stocks Open Higher (Reuters) Reuters - Tokyo's Nikkei stock average opened 0.36\percent higher on Monday as bargain hunters scooped up miners\and other recent laggards following a 3.5 percent drop in the\key gauge in the previous six trading days.
Harmony set for Gold Fields bid - FT South African gold producer Harmony, with backing from Russian metals giant Norilsk Nickel, is poised to make a surprise takeover bid today for Gold Fields, the world #39;s fourth biggest producer, the Financial Times has reported.
Copper May Recover After Worst Week in 5 Years, Survey Shows Copper prices may recover this week from the biggest five-day drop since July 1999 as demand keeps growing in China, the world #39;s largest user of the metal, a survey of traders and analysts showed.
New check law sinks the  #39;float #39; The days of writing a check and scrambling to the bank within a few days to cover it with a deposit are coming to an end. The paper check is going high tech.
South Korea to Pick Country #39;s First 2 Astronauts South Korea will pick its first two astronauts next year for a space trip by 2007, the science ministry said Sunday, after Russia agreed to help the country #39;s space program.
Broncos Rout Reeling Raiders 31-3 (AP) AP - Jake Plummer and Reuben Droughns did little wrong while turning the Denver Broncos' biggest rivalry into a rout.
GAME DAY RECAP Sunday, October 17 Beltran set a postseason record by homering for the fifth consecutive game, snapping a seventh-inning tie with a solo shot as the Houston Astros posted a 6-5 triumph over the St.
Second Test finely poised MADRAS: Damien Martyn masterminded Australia #39;s stirring fightback yesterday to leave the second cricket Test against India poised for a knife-edge finish.
Browns 34, Bengals 17 A record play helped the Cleveland Browns get their record to .500. Oh, and playing the Cincinnati Bengals didn #39;t hurt, either.
Steelers Rally to Defeat Cowboys 24-20 (AP) AP - The Dallas Cowboys spent a week comparing Steelers rookie quarterback Ben Roethlisberger to a young Dan Marino. How about some Terry Bradshaw to go with it? Roethlisberger completed 21 of 25 passes and two touchdowns, completing 11 straight throws on the Steelers' last two scoring drives Sunday, leading Pittsburgh to a 24-20 comeback win over the Cowboys.
Chinese Riot Police Heading for Haiti China has sent a contingent of riot police to Haiti to assist United Nations peacekeepers in the troubled Caribbean nation. Authorities in Beijing say the force of 95 police, which includes 13 women officers, left the Chinese capital for Haiti Sunday.
News Analysis: Questions arise on democracy at the EU BRUSSELS The dispute that engulfed Rocco Buttiglione and the 732-member European Parliament last week was partly about a prospective member of Europe #39;s executive body professing unacceptable views and the legislature rising up to censure him.
Record-Tying Beltran Blasts Astros Into Series Tie  HOUSTON (Reuters) - Carlos Beltran's record-tying eighth  post-season home run capped the Houston Astros' 6-5 comeback  win over the St Louis Cardinals to even the National League  Championship Series at two games apiece on Sunday.
Brent Geiberger Emulates Father Al for PGA Tour First  GREENSBORO, North Carolina (Reuters) - Brent Geiberger  followed his father Al in winning the \$4.8 million Greensboro  Classic Sunday, the first time ever that father and son have  won the same PGA Tour event.
Patriots Extend Winning Streak The New England Patriots stopped a late Seattle comeback to beat the Seahawks, running their streak to 20 wins.
Beltran's Bat Ties Series Carlos Beltran homers in a record fifth consecutive postseason game in the eighth inning to carry the Astros over the Cardinals, 6-5, knotting the series at two games apiece.
Patriots Win 20th Straight The New England Patriots stop a late Seattle comeback to beat the Seahawks, 30-20, on Sunday, running their streak to 20 wins.
7 DAYS MONDAY &lt;br&gt;NFL ON DEMAND &lt;br&gt;EXTENDED HIGHLIGHTS &lt;br&gt;With the addition of the NFL Network to Comcast and Starpower cable, digital subscribers can now access free highlights of every NFL game. Minus broadcast network mumbo-jumbo commentary, the highlights last eight to 20 minutes...
Starting Lineup &lt;br&gt;&lt;em&gt;While the late-season efforts of such Texans as President Bush and Roger Clemens provide for riveting TV, the even more exciting Maryland-N.C. State game put us in mind of some other Lone Star Staters -- ZZ Top. Goodness, Wolfpack Coach Chuck Amato...
Busch in Driver's Seat If Kurt Busch goes on to win his first title, he can point to the 500 miles at Lowe's Motor Speedway as the defining race of his season.
Tokyo Stocks Open Higher  TOKYO (Reuters) - Tokyo's Nikkei stock average opened 0.36  percent higher on Monday as bargain hunters scooped up miners  and other recent laggards following a 3.5 percent drop in the  key gauge in the previous six trading days.
Risks Seen for TV Chain Showing Film About Kerry This week, the 62 stations controlled by the Sinclair Broadcasting Group plan to show a documentary about John Kerry's antiwar activities 30 years ago. The film could negatively affect both Mr. Kerry and Sinclair.
Investor Suit at Disney Puts Exits in a Spotlight Just when it appeared Michael D. Eisner, the chief of the Disney, could begin enjoying his final years in charge, a lawsuit threatens to dredge up embarrassing details of his two-decade reign.
Google Envy Is Fomenting Search Wars Propelled by Google envy, new players and Internet industry giants are rushing into the online search market.
Ford to Offer Sirius Radio as an Option in More Cars Ford plans to offer Sirius Satellite Radio in more of its cars and trucks and that it will begin installing the systems at the factory.
Eisner vs Ovitz: this time in court A different Michael is about to take center stage at Walt Disney Co. On Wednesday a nasty and grueling battle between Disney shareholders 
Japanese Automakers #39; Stocks Such as Toyota Gain; NEC Declines Japanese automakers #39; stocks such as Toyota Motor Corp. rose after a US government report showed retail sales gained more than some economists expected.
Multiplex, Westfield Lodge \$1 Billion Joint Bid for Chelsfield Multiplex Group, Westfield Group and the billionaire brothers Simon and David Reuben lodged their 585 million- pound (\$1.05 billion) bid for Chelsfield Plc, saying they expect the transaction to close in November.
Google Envy Is Fomenting Search Wars Propelled by Google envy, new players and Internet industry giants are rushing into the online search market, setting off a burst of activity that contrasts sharply with the lull after the dot-com collapse.
Prepaid College Plan enrollment begins Monday Stanley G. Tate, Chairman of the Florida Prepaid College Board, announced Friday that the program is expected to top a record one million total plans statewide by the close of this year #39;s enrollment.
Starbucks launches first of  quot;music bars quot; for CD burning Coffee shop giant Starbucks said it was launching the first of its  quot;music bars quot; where customers can listen to digital recordings and burn their own CDs.
Four sentenced for online porn Four men were sentenced to termed imprisonment Thursday in Beijing for creating and profiting from pornographic websites. Liang Hongbin, Li Yufei, Yu Jianhong, and Chen Dong #39;s pornographic 
India Needs 210 Runs to Tie Test Cricket Series With Australia India #39;s cricketers need another 210 runs today to beat Australia in the second Test in Chennai and tie their four-match series at 1-1.
Sorenstam takes California title Sweden #39;s Annika Sorenstam overhauled a three-shot deficit in the last five holes to win a record fourth Samsung World Championship in California.
Ray Boone, patriarch of three-generation baseball family, dies at &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Two-time All-Star Ray Boone, patriarch of a three-generation baseball family, died early Sunday following a long illness. He was 81.
Israel Feuds With Agency Set Up to Aid Palestinians For years, Israel has feuded with the United Nations refugee agency for Palestinians over a wide range of issues, and recently Israel thought it had found a smoking gun to press its case.
France promises to fight anti-Semitism French Foreign Minister Michel Barnier, visiting Israel to patch up tense relations, promised on Sunday that his country would do all it could to fight anti-Semitism.
Howard seeks apology over Liverpool article LONDON: The leader of Britain #39;s main opposition party yesterday ordered a legislator to apologise for a magazine article that depicted the people of Liverpool as sentimental victims who nurse a  quot;tribal grievance quot; against the rest of society.
Spartans outplayed by George Washington in first round of BB amp;T &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Washington, DC - The No. 11 MSU basketball team lost 96-83 to George Washington Saturday afternoon in the first-round of the BB amp;T Classic.
LionOre Mining offers \$208M US to acquire MPI Mines Ltd. of &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; TORONTO (CP) - LionOre Mining International Ltd., a global company listed on the Toronto Stock Exchange, has made a \$208 million US friendly bid to acquire Australia #39;s MPI Mines Ltd.
Investor Suit at Disney Puts Exits in a Spotlight Just when it appeared that Michael D. Eisner, the chief executive of the Walt Disney Company, could begin enjoying the company #39;s turnaround and his final years in 
Bid launched for property firm Chelsfield Global shopping mall owner Westfield Group, Australian developer Multiplex Group and Britain #39;s Reuben brothers have launched a planned 585 million pounds bid for Duelguide, owner of the UK property firm Chelsfield.
Lions shoot blanks vs. Pack The Lions had a chance to make a statement and a stand in the NFC North division race Sunday and --in fairness to the coach -- their performance defied description.
Ray Boone passes away at 81 Ray Boone, a two-time All-Star for the Tigers who became better known as the patriarch of the first-ever three-generation family of All-Stars, has passed away following a long illness at the age of 81.
iPod, DVD Players Lead Aug. Electronics Prices Lower (Reuters) Reuters - Price declines for U.S. consumer\electronics accelerated in August, fueled by discounted price\cuts for the popular iPod digital music player and traditional\DVD players, according to an industry study prepared for\Reuters.
African leaders discuss Darfur in Libya A summit of African leaders on the crisis in the Sudanese region of Darfur opened Sunday in the Libyan capital, Tripoli, the BBC reported.
Envoy pleads for Bigley #39;s body Baghdad - The killers of Kenneth Bigley were asked on Sunday to return his body to end the  quot;agonising wait quot; for his family and to  quot;finally allow them to lay him to rest quot;, in an appeal by the British ambassador to Iraq.
Sudan Needs Help to End Darfur Crisis - Egypt (Reuters) Reuters - Sudan's government has agreed with\African leaders meeting in Libya Sunday to do its best to end\the conflict in Darfur that has displaced about 1.5 million\people, a senior Egyptian official said.
Tampa Newspaper Withholds Endorsement (AP) AP - In a break with tradition, The Tampa Tribune, a Republican standard-bearer for decades, refused Sunday to endorse anyone for president for the first time since 1964.
U.S. Commander in Iraq Faulted Supply Chain --Report  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The former top U.S. commander in  Iraq complained last winter to the Pentagon that a poor supply  situation was threatening the Army's ability to fight, The  Washington Post reported on its Web site on Sunday.
Lehman finishes T-4 at Greensboro GREENSBORO, NC -- Tom Lehman called a one-stroke penalty on himself during Sunday #39;s final round of the Chrysler Classic of Greensboro.
Primera Liga reports Bilbao moved away from the relegation zone with a scarcely deserved victory. Ismael Urzaiz put the home side in front when he headed in a Francisco Yeste free kick in the 33rd minute.
With Each Technology Advance, a Scourge Internet advertisers face a new enemy: people who click on ads with no intention of buying.
Now Showing at Apple: The Return of Mr. Jobs Steven P. Jobs, founder of Apple, unveiled a new line of miniretail stores, making his first appearance since cancer surgery.
A Hitch in Offering Online Prices Travel sites want to help you find a cheap trip. But is cost the only factor to consider?
Yanks Lead Boston 2-0 After Three Innings (AP) AP - The New York Yankees took a 2-0 lead over Boston after three innings of play as they looked to complete a shocking sweep of the Red Sox in Game 4 of the AL championship series Sunday.
Astros Recover From Oswalt's Poor Start (AP) AP - Roy Oswalt was one worry the Houston Astros hadn't counted on against the St. Louis Cardinals in the NL championship series.
South African gold groups poised for merger A major re-ordering of South Africa #39;s gold mining industry is expected to get under way today with Gold Fields of South Africa poised to announce a multi-billion dollar merger with one of its big Johannesburg-based rivals, most likely Harmony Gold.
UN Urged to Ignore Bush Plea for Human Cloning Ban  LONDON (Reuters) - Britain's national academy of science  urged the United Nations on Monday to ignore a call by  President Bush to ban all forms of human cloning.
Chinese Arrive in Haiti to Help Restore Order  PORT-AU-PRINCE, Haiti (Reuters) - A contingent of 95 riot  police from China arrived in Haiti on Sunday to help restore  order in the Caribbean nation plagued with gang and political  violence that has killed more than 50 people over the past two  weeks.
Canada #39;s LionOre with a lion #39;s heart for Australia #39;s MPI Canada #39;s LionOre Mining International Ltd. (LIM.T) has bid an agreed A\$285 million takeover to acquire Australia #39;s MPI Mines Ltd.
Japanese Bonds Fall as US Sales Figures Damp Export Concern Japanese 10-year bonds fell after the US government said retail sales rose more than expected last month, damping concern demand for Japan #39;s goods will slow.
Multiplex, Westfield Lodge \$1 Billion Chelsfield Bid (Update1) Multiplex Group, Westfield Group and the billionaire brothers Simon and David Reuben lodged a formal 585 million-pound (\$1.05 billion) cash offer for Chelsfield Plc, meeting a deadline to win support from the company #39;s owners.
Employers slow to try HSAs For many employers, health saving accounts - the newest insurance innovation - is a lot like a swimming pool on summer #39;s first hot day.
Vioxx recall raises prescribing questions There are many other treatment options for people with arthritis, and physicians are considering them patient by patient. Washington -- Physicians are pulling out their risk-versus-benefit calculators once 
Microsoft #39;s Halo 2  quot;hello quot; to the world before planned sale World #39;s largest software maker #39;s best-selling game for Xbox video console -- Halo 2-- has leaked onto the Internet nearly four weeks before its planned sale date.
Virgin Electronics unveils music player AP - The consumer electronics arm of the Virgin Group is introducing a new five-gigabyte hard-disk portable music player, bringing a powerful brand name in music to the increasingly crowded product space.
Volcano Watch Update: Growth of the new lava dome inside Mount St. Helens #39; crater continued Saturday. Under current conditions, small lahars, or volcanic debris flows, could suddenly descend the Toutle River valley if they 
Sony retuning to pick up MP3s. Hammered by iPod, Sony will retool, adding native MP3 support to some digital music players by next summer. Cnet -- SAN FRANCISCO--Sony Electronics missed an opportunity when it nodded off with the emergence 
BPL Interference Evaluation Tool: I have developed a tool to assist in evaluating the effects of BPL on a radio receiving installation. The tool allows you to determine using your own Antenna and receiver installation parameters, the effect that BPL might have on your installation.
Preservationists battle Apple CEO Steve Jobs over his  #39;dump #39; of a &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt;  quot;A battle has erupted between Apple Computer founder Steve Jobs and a group of local preservationists over the future of a 78-year old mansion on Jobs #39; property.
Beltran #39;s Bat Gives Cards, Owners Food for Thought The Houston Astros #39; Carlos Beltran has the St Louis Cardinals shaking their heads in disbelief and baseball owners quaking in their boots.
Yanks Lead Boston 2-0 After Four Innings New York Yankees #39; Alex Rodriguez hits a two-run homer against Boston Red Sox pitcher Derek Lowe during the third inning of game 4 of the ALCS Sunday, Oct. 17, 2004 in Boston.
Newcastle United Extends Unbeaten Run With 1-1 Draw at Charlton Newcastle United drew 1-1 at Charlton to extend its unbeaten league run under manager Graeme Souness to four matches and climb one place to eighth in English soccer #39;s 20- team Premiership.
Myskina beats Dementieva to win in Moscow In a rematch of All-Russian French Open championship match, Anastasia Myskina trounced Elena Dementieva 7-5 and 6-0 to win the Kremlin Cup final to retain her Moscow title on Sunday.
Michael Wilbon It #39;s not what Washington has grown accustomed to, the Redskins being a defense-first team. From Otto Graham to Sonny to Joe Gibbs riding Riggo, Theismann and Art Monk, it #39;s almost always been about offense.
Looking for Revenge Against Panthers, the Eagles Get Some Respect &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Holding the Carolina Panthers scoreless for the first 57 minutes, the Eagles remained the lone undefeated team in the National Football Conference, cruising to a 30-8 victory on Sunday at Lincoln Financial Field.
Thousands join anti-war demo Thousands of anti-war campaigners took to the streets of London last night calling for an end to the  quot;illegal occupation quot; of Iraq by US-led coalition troops.
Australia hopes to sign new security pact with Indonesia TONY EASTLEY: On the eve of the Prime Minister #39;s visit to Indonesia to attend the inauguration of the country #39;s new President, Australia is signaling its interest in signing a new Security Pact with Indonesia.
Astros Defeat Cardinals 6-5 to Tie NLCS (AP) AP - By the time Carlos Beltran's shot landed in Houston's bullpen, this much was clear: At least baseball had one competitive playoff series still going. Beltran did it again, homering in a record fifth straight postseason game and lifting the Astros over the St. Louis Cardinals 6-5 Sunday to even the NL championship series at 2-all.
Sony and MP3, together at last Before Sony brought out its new NW-HD3, it didn #39;t have a hard-drive-based digital audio player that could play MP3s. This was a shame, because while Apple makes some great MP3 players, it could use some credible competition.
Record-Tying Beltran Blasts Astros Into Tie  HOUSTON (Reuters) - Carlos Beltran's record-tying eighth  post-season home run capped the Houston Astros' 6-5 comeback  win over the St Louis Cardinals to even the National League  Championship Series at two games apiece Sunday.
Beltran's Bat Gives Cards, Owners Food for Thought  HOUSTON (Reuters) - The Houston Astros' Carlos Beltran has  the St Louis Cardinals shaking their heads in disbelief and  baseball owners quaking in their boots.
Plan to scrap GCSEs and A-levels England's secondary schools should drop GCSEs and A-levels for a diploma, a report says, but reaction is mixed.
Help From Above Jump-Starts Jets The Jets' defense shut down the San Francisco 49ers in the second half, paving the way for a come-from-behind victory that was sprinkled with subplots.
Broadband pushes Europe Web users to 100 million Wired  amp; Wireless continues its reign as the top IT priority among IT managers due to widespread wireless installations, IP telephony deployment, and other network infrastructure upgrades.
Some Detainees Said Returning to Terror WASHINGTON - Despite gaining their freedom by signing pledges to renounce violence, at least seven former prisoners of the United States at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, have returned to terrorism, at times with deadly consequences.    At least two are believed to have died in fighting in Afghanistan, and a third was recaptured during a raid of a suspected training camp in Afghanistan, Lt...
Lion Nathan makes writedowns Trans-Tasman beer and wine group Lion Nathan Ltd will concentrate on its premium wine business after making \$72 million in writedowns, mostly to its Australian wine business.
Contractual Obligations The Wizards have eight potential free agents on the roster, including projected starters Larry Hughes, Brendan Haywood and Kwame Brown.
United Win in Season Finale D.C. United beats the MetroStars, 3-2, Sunday night in a tuneup for their first-round playoff series.
Chinese Arrive in Haiti to Help Restore Order A contingent of 95 riot police from China arrived in Haiti on Sunday to help restore order in the Caribbean nation plagued with gang and political violence 
Sox Ace Eyes Return Boston pitcher Curt Schilling threw in the bullpen for the second time in three days Sunday, but it was unclear whether he would be available for the rest of the ALCS.
Belarus referendum result allows Lukashenko to serve third term MINSK: Voters in Belarus have overwhelmingly endorsed constitutional changes to allow authoritarian leader Alexander Lukashenko to seek a third tem in office, according to provisional results of a weekend referendum, the electoral commission chief has 
Dollar Closes in on Lows After Weak Data (Reuters) Reuters - The dollar edged down against the euro on\Monday toward its lowest level in seven and a half months,\pressured after it fell through key technical levels on weak\U.S. economic data on Friday.
UN Urged to Ignore Bush Plea for Human Cloning Ban (Reuters) Reuters - Britain's national academy of science\urged the United Nations on Monday to ignore a call by\President Bush to ban all forms of human cloning.
Russian prosecutor says Beslan school attackers were drug addicts (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - MOSCOW (AP) - Forensic tests have shown that some of the militants who took more than 1,000 people hostage in a school in the southern Russian town of Beslan last month were drug addicts, a senior prosecutor was quoted as saying Sunday.
Jordan Indicts al-Zarqawi on Plot Charges (AP) AP - Abu-Musab al-Zarqawi, the most feared terrorist operating in Iraq and the man believed to be shown on several grainy videotapes beheading foreign captives, was indicted Sunday in Jordan, a U.S. ally and an Arab nation supporting the war on terror.
Hollywood Studios Endorse Toshiba #39;s HD-DVD Standard Paramount Pictures, Universal Pictures, New Line Cinema and Warner Bros. Studios will be using the new 30 GB DVD disc format, created by the DVD Forum, an international group of hardware and software companies and content providers.
Tokyo Stocks Extend Losses, Hit by Oil  TOKYO (Reuters) - Japanese stocks extended losses into a  seventh straight day by midsession on Monday as record-breaking  oil prices and caution about U.S. earnings offset bargain  hunting in some exporters and other recent laggards.
Dollar Closes in on Lows After Weak Data  TOKYO (Reuters) - The dollar edged down against the euro on  Monday toward its lowest level in seven and a half months,  pressured after it fell through key technical levels on weak  U.S. economic data on Friday.
Bush Surges Eight Points Ahead of Kerry - Poll (Reuters) Reuters - President Bush climbed to an\eight-point lead over Democratic challenger John Kerry in a\USAToday/CNN/Gallup poll released on Sunday, the same advantage\he held before the three presidential debates.
U.S. Accepts Musharraf Decision (AP) AP - The State Department said Thursday it expects continued progress in Pakistan toward democratic rule, showing no concern about moves to allow President Pervez Musharraf to remain on as army chief.
Georgetown Attracts High-End Retail Chains The area's mix of retail tenants is changing from mom-and-pop shops to a blend of well-known chains.
Liberal Praise Drawn From Unlikely Source Marketer says the left-leaning groups are miles ahead in using the Internet for political advocacy.
Immigrant Sends Hope Back Home Successful businessman Here, But He Hasn't Forgotten His Native El Salvador.
An MP3-capable Walkman is set to challenge iPod If at first you don #39;t succeed - and you #39;re Sony - it #39;s a good bet that success is a mandate the second time around. ... la the ubiquitous iPod - Sony #39;s last stab at a hard-disk-based digital music device sank with only a trace.
Microsoft and Cisco team up on security Their biggest clients hit hard by viruses, worms and other attacks, Microsoft Corp. and Cisco Systems Inc. are planning to work together to help their corporate customers fight back.
FASB Urged to Test Stock Options Oct. 18, 2004 (TheDeal.com) Although accounting regulators have agreed to delay a contentious proposal that forces companies to deduct the cost of employee stock options as a business expense, Sen. Michael B. Enzi said Thursday, Oct.
Is there a future for the 1Gig email services? We all remember April 1st when Google announced its new Gmail web-mail service with an overwhelming 1Gig storage space. Their mere announcement brought a new wave of 1Gig web-mail services such as Walla  , Spymac  and more. Since they don't charge for the service, their plan is to profit from advertisement revenue stream.  It's been 6 month now, and Gmail is still in beta stage and many competitors are joining the scene on an almost daily basis. 
British Army wanted in town where bombing and murder are the norm British troops may end up in one of the most violent flashpoints in Iraq in an operation to help the United States forces poised for an assault on the rebel stronghold of Fallujah.
For Merck, a Painful Withdrawal Manufacture aggressively markets product before drug' long-term safety has been proven. &lt;br&gt; &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
For Game Makers, a Serious Concern Public and private sectors are developing non-entertainment games whose "fun factor" ranks below their "serious factor." &lt;br&gt;&lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Update 5: Tokyo Stocks Fall, Dollar Higher Tokyo stocks slid Friday for a sixth straight session as concerns about rising oil prices and Wall Street #39;s overnight weakness combined to knock Japanese blue chips lower.
UPDATE 1-Kroll appoints Freakley as chief executive Kroll Inc., an investigation and risk consulting company owned by Marsh  amp; McLennan Cos. Inc. (MMC.N: Quote, Profile, Research) , has appointed Simon Freakley as chief executive officer and president.
For Merck, a Painful Withdrawal The two Merck  amp; Co. executives were somber as the company plane pitched and rolled through the remnants of Hurricane Jeanne on the night of Sept.
Els Wins World Match Play Title On his 35th birthday, Ernie Els received a familiar present -- a World Match Play title. And he just might have his 96-year-old grandfather to thank.
Dixon ninth overall in IRL Dixon finishes ninth overall in the championship with a second placing his best result of the season. He now takes a break, with a fair amount of testing lined up over our summer.
Arsenal #39;s behaviour worse than Cantona #39;s, says Ferguson Arsenal  quot;got away with murder quot; following the ugly scenes at the end of their stormy match at Manchester United last season, according to United boss Alex Ferguson.
Martyn defies rampant India India ended the fourth day needing 210 more runs to win this multi-stranded epic of a second Test and level the series against Australia.
Moscow urges Tehran to sign NPT protocol, halt enrichment Russia called on Iran on Sunday to ease world concerns about its nuclear ambitions by ratifying the additional protocol of the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty (NPT) and halting all uranium enrichment, the Ria-Novosti news agency reported.
Anti-War Protesters Fill London Streets LONDON -- Thousands of anti-war and anti-globalization activists marched through central London Sunday, filling Trafalgar Square to protest the US-led invasion of Iraq.
Helicopter Crash, Bombing Add to US Death Toll BAGHDAD, Iraq -- Two US Army helicopters crashed in Baghdad on Saturday, killing two soldiers, as the military reported that four other American troops had died in car bombings elsewhere in Iraq.
Indian allies haggle after poll Haggling between election allies delays the formation of a new government in the Indian state of Maharashtra.
Crude Oil Price Surges Past \$55 in Asia SINGAPORE - The price of crude oil surged past an unprecedented \$55 per barrel Monday amid continued uncertainty over production, high demand and tight supply globally.    The price of crude for November delivery on the New York Mercantile Exchange reached \$55.02 per barrel mid-morning in Asia, up 9 cents from its settlement price on Friday...
Update 1: Crude Oil Price Surges Past \$55 in Asia The price of crude oil surged past an unprecedented \$55 per barrel Monday amid continued uncertainty over production, high demand and tight supply globally.
India eye victory India resume the fifth and final day of the second Test against Australia in Chennai from the score of 19 for no loss. The hosts need another 210 runs to win the Test and square the four-match series 1-1.
Hawks still waiting for light to go on FOXBORO, Mass. -- In a fresh slant on the standard light-bulb joke, instead of asking how many Seahawks it takes to screw in a light bulb, one wonders how many light bulbs it takes before the Seahawks can screw one in without dropping it.
Lions, critics silenced as Packers finally get win DETROIT - By winning Sunday, the Green Bay Packers weathered the toughest week of the Mike Sherman era and probably the most trying week this franchise has seen in more than a decade.
Iran: Bullying Won't Stop Nuke Program (AP) AP - Iran reiterated Sunday that it won't accept any proposal depriving it of the right to enrich uranium, saying it can't be bullied into giving up its nuclear energy program, state media reported.
Update 1: Tokyo Stocks Lower; Dollar Falls Vs. Yen Tokyo stocks edged lower Monday morning because of concerns about rising oil prices. The US dollar was down against the Japanese yen.
Shares in AXA Plummet 10 Percent Shares in Australian insurer AXA Asia Pacific Holdings plummeted more than 10 percent Monday after a proposed buyout by its French-based major shareholder was scrapped.
GIBERNAU EXPRESSES FRUSTRATION Sete Gibernau was fuming after a mechanical problem robbed him of the chance to take the world championship fight to the final round of the season.
Packer backing lacking: Slow start depresses fans, sales The Packers #39; win over the Detroit Lions on Sunday was better than a good dose of Prozac for fans who were beginning to sink into depression over Green Bay #39;s dismal start this season.
Yanks' Olerud Sidelined by Foot Injury (AP) AP - John Olerud hobbled out of the clubhouse on crutches, his left foot heavily wrapped. The New York Yankees' first baseman sat out Sunday night with a bruised instep, and might be sidelined for a while.
African leaders reject foreign intervention in Darfur issue Leaders from Sudan and four other African countries issued a joint statement here late Sunday, rejecting any foreign intervention in the Darfur issue and stressing that the 
Cavs Brought Down A top 10 ranking, an undefeated season and the ACC lead all came crashing down for Virginia in an all-too-familiar place Saturday night.
Els Wins Title Els wins a World Match Play title for a record sixth time, beating Lee Westwood, 2 and 1, to capture golf's biggest payday -- \$1.8 million.
Exposed, Japan's Hot Springs Come Clean Tainted hot springs in at least 20 resort towns in Japan include several whose waters had been celebrated for centuries. The disclosures of fraud at the springs have stained one of the most precious rituals of Japanese culture -- group bathing.
Belarus Says Vote Allows President to Run Again Belarusans voted in favor of scrapping presidential term limits, the Central Elections Commission chief said Monday, citing partial results. Ending the limits would allow the country's authoritarian leader, Alexander Lukashenko, to seek a new term in 2006.
Waste Leads to Worry in Indonesia The villagers of Buyat Beach blame Denver-based Newmont Mining Corp., the world's largest gold-mining company, for poisoning their idyllic tropical bay with arsenic and mercury.
IAEA Inspectors Expected in Brazil Inspectors from the International Atomic Energy Agency were expected in Brazil this week to view parts of its equipment to enrich uranium, the country's leading weekly newsmagazine reported Sunday, citing government officials.
Cisco teams up with Big Blue over network security IBM and Cisco Systems have expanded a partnership to provide businesses with automated identity and access security to networks. The two companies announced on Thursday that they have integrated IBM #39;s Tivoli 
Sorenstam charges to overtake Park at Samsung World Championship Three shots behind Grace Park with five holes to go, six-time LPGA player of the year Sorenstam rallied with an eagle, birdie and three pars to win her fourth Samsung World Championship by three shots over Park on Sunday.
JFK AIDE SALINGER DIES AT 79 Pierre Salinger, a renowned figure from the Kennedy years in the White House, has died of heart failure. Salinger worked as press secretary for two US presidents, including John F. Kennedy, and worked on the 
China to Press N Korea over Nukes China was expected to press North Koreas No. 2 leader to restart stalled six-nation talks on the dispute over the Norths nuclear program when he visits Beijing this week, a state-run newspaper said today.
Bangalore thrives, chokes on outsourcing flood (Reuters) Reuters - When narrow colonial-era streets get jammed with evening traffic in India's technology capital, the radio disc jockey on car stereos turns agony aunt.
Microsoft Trims Next Windows Server Release (Ziff Davis) Ziff Davis - Executives with the Redmond software vendor vow they will deliver the 'R2' Windows Server release in 2005. But to do so, they are pushing back some features.
St. Helens continues to build lava dome Mount St. Helens continued the slow process of building a new lava dome in its crater yesterday with still more lava pushing to the surface, geologists reported.
Cooper had  #39;right stuff #39; for NASA #39;s space quest Earlier this month, the US space program lost one of its most colorful pioneers - Leroy Gordon  quot;Gordo quot; Cooper Jr., one of the Mercury 7 astronauts, whose exploits and foibles 
Geibergers: Like father, like son in Greensboro Brent Geiberger hardly had time to talk, but he took the cellular phone from a PGA Tour official anyway. On the phone with him was the champion of the 1976 Greater Greensboro Open.
Rossi shapes up to new challenges to remain MotoGP king Newly-crowned world champion Valentino Rossi expects his Yamaha factory bike will be faster next season to meet the challenges of Honda.
Kremlin Cup titles go to Russian pair Anastasia Myskina and Nikolay Davydenko won singles championships at the Kremlin Cup yesterday, then teamed with compatriots to capture the women #39;s and men #39;s doubles finals for a Russian sweep of all four titles.
A Familiar Ring in Wisconsin In the offseason, Wisconsin Coach Barry Alvarez gathered his seniors together for a stark reminder of their status in Madison. Should they fail to win a Big Ten championship, Alvarez reminded 
Blast near Australian embassy SEVEN people were killed in a car bombing at a cafe near the Australian embassy in Baghdad today. At least 20 other people were wounded, a US officer at the scene of the blast said.
Belarus apparently votes to end term limits Voters in Belarus appear to have approved a referendum that will scrap term limits and allow the country #39;s authoritarian leader to seek a third term in office.
Explosion injures at least two in Kenyan airport NAIROBI, Kenya - An explosion at an airport in Kenyas capital Sunday slightly injured two people and caused a fire that destroyed part of a departure lounge, police said.
No referendum on disengagement plan: Sharon Brushing aside mounting pressures for a nationwide referendum on his disengagement plan, a defiant Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon ruled out any such possibility along with calls for new elections.
Anwar may return by month #39;s end Malaysia #39;s former deputy leader Anwar Ibrahim reportedly plans to return home on October 31 after nearly two months abroad, but will avoid any strenuous political activity throughout the Muslim fasting month that ends next month.
South Africa #39;s Harmony poised for surprise merger South Africa #39;s largest domestic gold producer is poised to make a surprise takeover bid for Gold Fields. With the backing from Russian metals giant Norilsk Nickel, Harmony will 
Oil Prices  #39;Heading for 60 Dollars A Barrel #39; Crude oil prices surged past an unprecedented 55 dollars per barrel today as uncertainty swirls over production, high demand and tight global supplies.
Axa misses on Australia takeover European insurance giant Axa has withdrawn its Aust. \$3.4 billion (\$2.48 billion) offer for the 48.3 percent of Axa Asia Pacific Holdings it doesn #39;t own after independent directors 
UPDATE: NZ Telecom Against Mobile Phone Fee Regulation WELLINGTON (Dow Jones)--New Zealand #39;s Commerce Commission Monday recommended in a draft report that the country #39;s mobile phone termination charges should be regulated, prompting Telecom Corp.
Will Oil Light a Fire Under Inflation? Is the Federal Reserve less sanguine about the effect the oil-price spike will have on the economy? Given the run-up in crude prices -- and rising fears that growth could be slowed measurably -- the markets 
Beltran powers Astros to game 4 win Julian Tavarez #39;s 2-2 slider to Carlos Beltran was theoretically a good pitch Sunday afternoon. It was low, outside and traveling 81 miles per hour.
UK to speak on Iraq command The UK's defence secretary is to address parliament on proposals to put some troops under US command in Iraq.
News Analysis: Global vote of confidence for euro FRANKFURT When they introduced the euro in 1999, the European countries that gave up their own money knew they wanted a strong, stable currency that would command their citizens #39; confidence and ease the conditions for cross-border commerce.
Reading, Writing and Corporate Sponsorships School districts are following the lead of the rapid escalation of commercialism at college and professional arenas and stadiums.
Zarqawi Among 13 Indicted by Jordan in Plot Jordan's military prosecutor indicted Abu Musab Zarqawi, one of the most wanted insurgents in Iraq, and 12 other alleged Muslim militants Sunday for an alleged al Qaeda-linked plot to attack the U.S. Embassy in Amman and Jordanian government targets with chemical and conventional weapons, government officials said.
CSFB, Winterthur in focus in Credit Suisse overhaul Credit Suisse (CSGN.VX: Quote, Profile, Research) is set for a dramatic overhaul when Chief Executive Oswald Gruebel unveils a long-awaited plan next week to beat 
 #39;Noles In Running For BCS Berth TALLAHASSEE - When Virginia coach Al Groh met Bobby Bowden at midfield Saturday night after Florida State #39;s 36-3 victory, he offered some advice.
Anger management Movie mogul Harvey Weinstein scored hits with Pulp Fiction, Shakespeare In Love and Chicago. Yet his relationship with parent company Disney has been like a bad marriage.
Hole in one? GREENSBORO -- As PGA golfers enter the final rounds of the Chrysler Classic at Forest Oaks, one question still hangs over the Triad #39;s only major sports event: Have the changes to the tournament in recent years secured its future viability?
Mahathir  #39;frustrated #39; with corruption in Umno KUALA LUMPUR - Former prime minister Mahathir Mohamad said he is utterly frustrated that the Malay party he helped develop into Malaysia #39;s dominant political force has become riddled with corruption and bribery.
Disney, Miramax deal looks likely to end soon The Walt Disney Co. appears poised to end its current deal with Miramax Films founders Bob and Harvey Weinstein after an often rocky 10-year relationship.
Golf Roundup: Sorenstam overtakes Park by 3 Annika Sorenstam charged from three shots back in the final five holes yesterday to overtake Grace Park and win her fourth Samsung World Championship in Palm Desert, Calif.
No racism within ZCU: ICC The Zimbabwe Cricket Union was cleared on Sunday of racism by an International Cricket Council investigation. The probe was launched after 15 white players were dismissed for backing Heath Streak, who was 
Palestinians fear more of the same after US elections (AFP) AFP - Palestinians may well be glad to see the back of George W. Bush at next month's presidential elections but are sceptical that John Kerry will execute a major rethink in US policy on the Middle East conflict.
Darfur summit opposes  #39;foreign intervention #39; Tripoli - An African summit meeting wound up here overnight with a joint statement rejecting any  quot;foreign intervention quot; in the crisis-torn Sudanese region of Darfur and voicing strong support for the Sudanese government which is threatened with 
Macromedia stretches Flex's features The company expands its server software for creating slick interfaces for Web applications.
Cisco, Microsoft pledge security interoperability The companies plan to share security features to help customers protect their networks from worms and viruses.
Norilsk has not yet backed Gold Fields #39; Canadian deal Gold Fields has yet to receive support from Norilsk Nickel, its biggest shareholder, for its acquisition of Canada #39;s Iamgold. Gold Fields announced its plan to buy Iamgold 
Analysts See FDA Spurning New Merck Arthritis Drug Industry analysts are predicting US regulators this month will refuse to approve Merck  amp; Co. #39;s new arthritis drug until at least 2006 because of heart attacks linked to its recalled sister drug Vioxx.
Iowa Presidential Futures Market Surpassed by Dublin Exchange The University of Iowa #39;s market for US presidential futures, founded 16-years ago, has been overtaken by a Dublin-based exchange that is now 25 times larger.
NFL: Minnesota 38, New Orleans 31 Daunte Culpepper passed for 425 yards and five touchdowns Sunday night to lead the Minnesota Vikings to a 38-31 victory over the New Orleans Saints.
Lakers Defeat Warriors 94-80 (AP) AP - Kobe Bryant had 23 points and six rebounds to help the Los Angeles Lakers to a 94-80 preseason win over the Golden State Warriors on Sunday night.
A Conversation with Matthew Koll Gary Price checks in with web search pioneer Matthew Koll, who shares his thoughts on the current and future state of the industry.
Oil Prices Hit Peaks on Winter Worries (Reuters) Reuters - Oil prices rallied to a record above\ #36;55 a barrel Monday on concerns over a winter fuel supply\crunch, and as traders took comments from a top U.S. official\to mean high prices have yet to really dent U.S. demand.
Oil Prices Hit Peaks on Winter Worries  SINGAPORE (Reuters) - Oil prices rallied to a record above  \$55 a barrel Monday on concerns over a winter fuel supply  crunch, and as traders took comments from a top U.S. official  to mean high prices have yet to really dent U.S. demand.
Oil sees new high in Asia trade Oil prices surge past a record \$55 per a barrel in Asian trade, amid concerns over winter fuel supplies.
Biggest gold firm 'takeover bid' A takeover bid which would create the world's biggest gold company, with assets of \$10bn, is reportedly being considered in South Africa.
Investor Suit at Disney Puts Exits in a Spotlight Just when it appeared Michael D. Eisner, the chief of Disney, could begin enjoying his final years in charge, a lawsuit threatens to dredge up embarrassing details of his two-decade reign.
Ford to Offer Sirius Radio as an Option in More Cars Ford plans to offer Sirius Satellite Radio in more of its cars and trucks and it will begin installing the systems at the factory.
Tiny L.E.D.'s Grow Into Mighty Theatrical Lights Lamina Ceramics plans to introduce a light- emitting diode array with heat-reduction tech- nology that allows it to be as bright as a theatrical light without a meltdown.
US Average Gasoline Pump Price Falls to \$1.93, Lundberg Says US gasoline pump prices fell about three cents in the past two weeks to an average of \$1.93 a gallon, Trilby Lundberg said, citing a survey of about 7,000 filling stations by her Camarillo, California, research firm.
Japanese Bonds Fall as US Sales Figures Cool Export Concern Japanese 10-year bonds fell after a US report showed retail sales rose more than economists expected last month, damping concern demand for Japan #39;s goods will slow.
PSA Peugeot Citroen to fall short of sales target in China PSA Peugeot Citroen China #39;s unit is expected to miss its full-year car sales target due to intense competition and slumping sales.
Stubborn Sony finally unveils an MP3-friendly music player Sony Corp. wasn #39;t around in 1905, so the company could not have been George Santayana #39;s point of reference when he observed then that those who cannot remember the past are condemned to repeat it.
Scientists have big expectations: Large Binocular Telescope Miles away from humans in the middle of squirrel country sits a piece of equipment that may lead scientists to the origins of the universe.
Telescope Will Have Images 10X Sharper Than Hubble jangobongo writes  quot;After a 20 year struggle, the University of Arizona #39;s \$120 million Large Binocular Telescope was dedicated last week.
AC Milan gains momentum Rome, Italy (Sports Network) - AC Milan won 1-0 at Cagliari Sunday as a crucial week lies ahead for the Italian giants. Milan rested many of its regulars including Jaap Stam and Hernan Crespo because of a 
Unbeaten Wisconsin confident and in control First-year defensive coordinator Bret Bielema recalled that coach Barry Alvarez warned him when he hired him at Wisconsin  quot;to be careful what you tell these 
Lions report We were unable to get off the field on defense. We were unable to make first downs on offense. Im not telling you anything you dont know.
IDF exchanging fire with 2 Palestinian infiltrators Two armed militants infiltrated Israel early on Sunday from the southern Gaza Strip near the community of Holit, near the Sufa crossing.
Afghan Election  #39;Still Open #39; Say Rivals Hamid Karzais rivals say its still too early to concede Afghanistans inaugural presidential election, despite the interim leaders dominant showing after three days of vote-counting.
Mahathir  #39;frustrated #39; with party corruption Former Prime Minister Mahathir Mohamad said he was utterly frustrated that the Malay party he helped develop into Malaysia #39;s dominant political force had become riddled with corruption and bribery.
Ortiz Saves Red Sox David Ortiz hammers a two-run, 12th inning home run to give the Boston Red Sox new life and a 6-4 win over the Yankees early Monday morning. New York leads the series 3-1.
Pfizer to Fund Study of Celebrex as Heart Aid -WSJ Pharmaceutical giant Pfizer Inc. will announce plans for a large-scale clinical trial of the ability of blockbuster drug Celebrex to prevent heart attacks and strokes in patients with 
Fund Spy 4 ETFs to put in your toolbox Exchange-traded funds are a nifty idea, but its easy for investors to make mistakes with them. Here are four ETFs Morningstar likes.
Fresh ISS Crew Sees  #39;Pleasant #39; Trip Despite Glitch The US-Russian space crew due to blast off Thursday say they expect six  quot;pleasant quot; months in orbit, despite a technical glitch that has twice delayed the launch.
Oswalt leaves it all on field He had given up three runs in the first inning of perhaps the biggest game of his life in Game 4 of the National League Championship Series on Sunday, but Astros righthander Roy Oswalt wasn #39;t worried.
Newcastle boss ready to confront Bellamy Newcastle United boss Graeme Souness is likely to discipline Craig Bellamy after the striker fired a broadside at his manager yesterday.
Haiti Tells South Africa to Control Exiled Aristide, BBC Says Haiti accused South African President Thabo Mbeki of failing to stop exiled president Jean-Bertrand Aristide from fomenting unrest in the Caribbean nation, the British Broadcasting Corp.
Iraq War: lessons for Pakistan - By Raza Haroon The recent, and yet another uncalled for, murder, of a British citizen, Ken Bigley, has added to the collateral damage of the war against Iraq.
Senior Manila police officer slain in Philippines ambush MANILA: One of Manila #39;s most senior police officers has been killed in an ambush outside his office, his commander said. Unknown gunmen armed with assault rifles attacked Senior Superintendent Manolo Martinez 
Sharon Rejects Settler Gaza Vote Demands (AP) AP - Prime Minister Ariel Sharon on Sunday rejected calls from Jewish settlers to hold a nationwide referendum on his plan to withdraw from the Gaza Strip, escalating an increasingly bitter dispute with former allies who now accuse him of leading Israel toward civil war.
Gay Marriage Issue Motivates Conservatives (AP) AP - Gay marriage is emerging as a big enough issue in several states to influence races both for Congress and the presidency.
Red Sox Beat Yankees 6-4 in 12 Innings BOSTON - Down to their last three outs of the season, the Boston Red Sox rallied - against Mariano Rivera, the New York Yankees and decades of disappointment. Bill Mueller singled home the tying run off Rivera in the ninth inning and David Ortiz homered against Paul Quantrill in the 12th, leading Boston to a 6-4 victory over the Yankees on Sunday night that avoided a four-game sweep in the AL championship series...
Oil sees new high in Asia trade Oil prices have surged past a record \$55 per a barrel in Asian trade, amid concerns over winter fuel supplies. The price of crude for November delivery on the New York Mercantile Exchange hit \$55.
Australian Stocks Fall, Led by Axa Asia, Prime Infrastructure Australian stocks fell, led by Axa Asia Pacific Holdings Ltd., after Axa SA, its parent, withdrew aA\$3.4 billion (\$2.5 billion) offer for the shares of the company it doesn #39;t already own.
Science ; Russian-US crew goes to space, AIDS experiments planned Science News, Kazakhstan - A Russian-US crew blasted off bound for the International Space Station where they will spend six months conducting experiments including work on the search for an AIDS vaccine.
ROOKIE ROETHLISBERGER TOO MUCH FOR COWBOYS Irving - Pittsburgh #39;s highly efficient passing game prevented Dallas from passing its biggest test of the season Sunday at Texas Stadium.
Belarusian opposition reports vote breaches Opposition leaders accused the government of arresting exit-poll takers and turning away election observers during a referendum yesterday on whether to allow authoritarian President Alexander Lukashenko to run for a third term.
Labour to adopt exam plan in manifesto Radical proposals out today that would trigger the biggest shake-up to the secondary school examination system for 60 years are likely to feature in Labour #39;s manifesto for the general election.
Souness to Investigate Bellamy Outburst Graeme Souness maintains his Newcastle players should not get upset if he decides they should be substituted. Craig Bellamy was clearly unhappy when he was replaced by Shola Ameobi 
Pirlo #39;s strike gives Milan victory Andrea Pirlo #39;s superb 20th minute strike gave Italian champions AC Milan a 1-0 win at Cagliari to keep them within three points of Serie A leaders Juventus.
Online identity theft a growing criminal problem in Asia: IDC (AFP) AFP - Online theft of financial information from individuals has become one of the fastest-growing non-violent crimes in the Asia-Pacific region, technology research house IDC says.
Hamas chief rejects ceasefire THE leader of Hamas in its Gaza Strip stronghold, Mahmud Zahar, has rejected any suggestion that the hardline group could soon call a halt to its campaign of attacks against Israel.
Crude Oil Rises Above \$55 to Record on US Supply Concern Crude oil futures rose to a record in New York for a third day on speculation US demand for heating oil will deplete inventories this winter.
Harmony seeks to buy Gold Fields in \$8.1 billion deal LONDON (CBS.MW) -- South African mining group Harmony (UK:HRM) said it would  quot;shortly post quot; a proposed \$8.1 billion, stock-based takeover of South African miner Gold Fields (GFI) .
Asian Stocks Slip as Oil Moves Above \$55 Asian share markets fell on Monday after oil hit a record above \$55 a barrel, with investors cautious ahead of earnings reports from bellwether firms IBM and Texas Instruments later in the day.
Music-download business hits flat note A funny thing has happened in the 18 months since Apple Computer launched its iTunes Music Store, offering legal music downloads for 99 cents.
Disney lawsuit could ripple through Corporate America Beginning Wednesday, an unusual mix of Hollywood moguls, high-powered corporate directors and legal scholars will train their eyes on a relatively tiny courtroom in Georgetown, Del.
Oil Prices Hit Highs on Winter Fuel Woes Oil prices rallied to a record above \$55 a barrel Monday on concerns over a winter fuel supply crunch, and as traders took comments from a top US official to mean high 
Linde merger with UK #39;s BOC Group  #39;speculation #39; - report LONDON (CBS.MW) -- Linde (DE:648300) is not discussing a 8.6 billion pound merger of its industrial gas operations with the UK #39;s BOC Group (BOX) (UK:BOC) , Germany #39;s Sueddeutsche Zeitung newspaper reported.
Eidos delays  quot;Championship Manager quot; Video-game maker Eidos says it is delaying the release of its  quot;Championship Manager 5 quot; game and is still trying to pick a possible buyer for the company.
Early voting BEGINS at eight locations Forget those flashbacks of hanging, dimpled or pregnant chads from the 2000 presidential election debacle that plagued Palm Beach County voters.
China #39;s Sept car sales rise 13.94 pct from Aug -paper China #39;s car sales rose 13.94 percent in September from August to 194,100 units, the China Daily said on Monday, citing official data which signals further signs of life after months of weak growth caused by credit curbs.
Digital Home Edges Nearer The much-discussed convergence of computers and home entertainment took a big step toward fruition with an October 12 announcement by Microsoft Corporation.
Astros get even with Cards Baseball #39;s Next Big Thing stands 6-foot-1 and weighs 190 pounds, human dimensions for a sport that used to be more human than most.
World #39;s best still no match for champ Els Ernie Els won the World Match Play Championship for a record sixth time on his 35th birthday yesterday, beating Lee Westwood 2 and 1. That gave Els the \$1.
Patriots still mean perfection Nothing concerning the New England Patriots can be dismissed as implausible, not with the team performing with the historic sweep that it is.
Geiberger continues family tradition in Greensboro GREENSBORO - Brent Geiberger was handed a cell phone late Sunday night and pressed it against his ear. A familiar voice came out the other end.
Newcastle denied 4th place LONDON -- Andy O #39;Brien #39;s own goal allowed Charlton to earn a 1-1 tie yesterday with Newcastle, which failed to capture fourth spot in the Premier League standings.
Rossi:  #39;This title is the best #39; After spending four successful years at Honda, during which he won three consecutive 500cc and MotoGP titles, Valentino Rossi stunned the world by deciding to quit the might of HRC for the uncertainty of Yamaha.
BYE-BYE BULLIES FOR years they were the bullies of the Premiership playground but now Manchester United are finding that the little guys can fight back.
Forces target tense Fallujah Hundreds of insurgents arrive from other cities amid airstrikes by the US, which sees the city as a terrorist haven. By wire services.
Putin says terror attacks in Iraq target Bush #39;s re-election bid Russian President Vladimir Putin said Monday that terrorists are aiming to derail President Bush #39;s chances at re-election through their attacks in Iraq.
Annan: Iraq war has done little to enhance world security UN Secretary-General Kofi Annan said on Sunday that the Iraq war has done little to enhance security around the world or halt the activities of international terrorists.
Haiti PM asks Mbeki not to protect Aristide Haitian Prime Minister Gerard Latortue has accused former President Jean-Bertrand Aristide of inciting violence back home country while living in exile in South Africa.
Kim Yong-nam arrives in Beijing North Korea #39;s top legislator Kim Yong-nam has arrived in Beijing for a three-day official visit to China. Talks with Chinese leaders on the stalled six-party negotiations on 
Marchers demand Iraq withdrawal Thousands of protesters, including the grieving parents of killed soldiers, have marched in London to demand the removal of British troops from Iraq.
Bush Hopes Terror Message Resonates in N.J. (AP) AP - George W. Bush is telling voters in New Jersey  #151; a state that hasn't backed a Republican presidential candidate since 1988  #151; that his battle plan for fighting terrorists is better than Democrat John Kerry's.
Kerry Tours Fla. Asking for Early Votes (AP) AP - Florida voters get to cast their ballots for president beginning Monday, and Democrat John Kerry planned to spend all day asking for their votes.
Asian Stocks Slip as Oil Moves Above \$55  SINGAPORE (Reuters) - Asian share markets fell on Monday  after oil hit a record above \$55 a barrel, with investors  cautious ahead of earnings reports from bellwether firms IBM  and Texas Instruments later in the day.
Dollar Slips Toward Lows After Weak Data  TOKYO (Reuters) - The dollar edged down against the euro on  Monday toward its lowest level in seven and a half months,  pressured after it fell through key technical levels on weak  U.S. economic data on Friday.
Court to rule on Milosevic plea Judges at the war crimes trial of the ex-Yugoslav leader may issue subpoenas to defence witnesses unwilling to testify.
Get free of your stuff  If Alesia Latson had not gotten organized, she'd still be single. Latson hired organization coach Robin Blank to come into her home and help throw away clutter, arranging what remained into a neatly organized basement, pantry, and closets. The process was transforming, preparing her to fall in love and marry Brian Latson, after girlfriends signed her up for an online ...
Then get more stuff for free  Construction manager Kimball Diamond often works thousands of miles from his Burlingame, Calif., office. So he didn't mind paying \$19.95 a month for a service that let him remotely control his office computer over the Internet.
Full disclosure overdue from high-tech analysts It was less than two years ago that Wall Street analysts Jack Grubman and Henry Blodget paid \$19 million in fines and were banned from the securities industry for life to settle allegations that they'd promoted stocks like WorldCom and Global Crossing as the telecom companies swan-dived into an empty swimming pool. Shortly after that, in April 2003, 10 of ...
For job stimulus, Boston mulls direct investments Boston officials are considering plans to invest city funds directly into biotechnology companies, part of a broader effort to stimulate the hot industry within city limits and create jobs.
Cisco, Microsoft team on security REDMOND, Wash. -- Their biggest clients hit hard by viruses, worms, and other attacks, Microsoft Corp. and Cisco Systems Inc. said today that they plan to work together to help their corporate customers fight back.
Search engines more user-friendly It looks like Internet search sites have decided that it's all about you. Over the past few weeks, things have been heating up as search engines roll out  quot;personalization quot; features such as tools to help you save and organize search results online.
Bulgarian 'baby smugglers' held Three Bulgarians face a Greek court, accused of locking up a  pregnant girl in an Athens flat to sell her baby.
Cellular alternative to DSL, cable Net in the works NEW YORK -- A top networking gear producer plans to offer a speedy new cellular technology that's an alternative to DSL and cable Internet access with the added advantage of being available on the road.
If you're overwhelmed, junk pros can step in Before Lisa Taleghani can get organized, she has to get rid of the junk. Three generations of it is crammed into the attic, basement, and back porch of her late grandmother's home in Revere.
Retailers are wary about Sony stores COSTA MESA, Calif. -- Few people took notice when Sony Electronics Inc. opened a tiny storefront last year here at South Coast Plaza, a swanky mall south of Los Angeles.
Irish leader urges IRA to disband DUBLIN -- Prime Minister Bertie Ahern urged Irish Republican Army commanders yesterday to meet what he acknowledged was ''a heavy burden quot;: disarming and disbanding their organization in support of Northern Ireland's 1998 peace accord.
Zarqawi's militant group declares loyalty to bin Laden BAGHDAD -- Tawhid and Jihad, Iraq's most feared militant group led by terror mastermind Abu Musab al-Zarqawi, declared its allegiance to Osama bin Laden yesterday, saying it had agreed with Al Qaeda over strategy and the need for unity against ''the enemies of Islam. quot;
Sharon Rejects Settler Demands Over Gaza JERUSALEM - Longtime allies turned enemies, Ariel Sharon and Jewish settlers leaders only succeeded in deepening their hostility during their first effort to end their impasse over the prime minister's disengagement plan.    Settlers, calling Sunday's meeting "shameful," raised the specter of civil war unless Sharon changes his course...
Car Bomb Kills at Least Six in Baghdad BAGHDAD, Iraq - U.S. troops pounded Fallujah with airstrikes and tank fire Sunday, and the Iraqi government appealed to residents to expel "foreign terrorists" to prevent an all-out attack...
East Ky. Becomes Big Draw for Off-Roaders HARLAN, Ky. - Out-of-state license plates tell the story of eastern Kentucky's rising popularity among off-roaders...
France's Le Monde Newspaper: America yes, Bush no Canada, Mexico, Spain, The United Kingdom, France, Russia, Israel, Australia, Japan, and South Korea: together with nine other newspapers, Le Monde has conducted an opinion poll concieved of by the Canadian daily La Presse on the perception of the United States and the stakes of the American presidential election. The rejection of President Bush, in the name of the good relations hoped for with The United States, is massive. Full Article here (Text in French). 
Warning on internet health advice People with chronic disease should not rely on the net for health advice, research suggests.
Japanese Bonds Drop as US Sales Figures Cool Export Concern Japanese 10-year bonds fell after a US report showed retail sales rose more than economists expected last month, damping concern demand for Japan #39;s goods will slow.
ACE executive pleads guilty in New York probe An executive of Bermuda-based insurer ACE Ltd. (ACE.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Friday pleaded guilty to a felony charge connected to New York Attorney General Eliot Spitzer #39;s investigation of insurance companies.
Telstra Australia welcomes 1 million broadband customers Written by Net 4 Nowt Telstra achieves broadband milestone Telstra today announced that more than one million broadband customers had been connected to its network across Australia.
Mike Wendland It #39;s described as  quot;the third wire, quot; a third way to get broadband Internet into your home besides cable and telephone DSL lines.
Hotshot Adriano steals the show with  #39;dream #39; goal Inter Milan striker Adriano described his stunning second goal in the 3-1 home win over Udinese as a dream come true. The burly Brazil international had already put Inter 1-0 up with a ferocious 25-yard free 
Motorcycling: Rossi clinches bike title Valentino Rossi hailed this year #39;s against-the-odds championship win as his finest achievement yet after winning the Australian Grand Prix at Phillip Island.
MPs to grill Hoon over Iraq Geoff Hoon today faces a bruising Commons showdown over plans to send British soldiers into the American-controlled sector of Iraq.
Ace Joins AIG, Marsh in Ending Fee Plans Targeted by Spitzer Ace Ltd. will stop paying brokers for steering business its way, becoming the third company to make concessions in the five days since New York Attorney General Eliot Spitzer unveiled a probe of the insurance industry.
Woolies faces deadline on ALH WOOLWORTHS and joint venture partner Victorian pubs owner Bruce Mathieson have until 7pm today to withdraw or extend their bid for Australian Leisure and Hospitality.
Cost of NZ mobile calls too high A draft report from the Commerce Commission says mobile phone operators have abused their dominant position in the market to keep the cost of calling high.
Optus broadband hits 250,000 subscribers Optus says it has achieved more than 250,000 broadband subscribers, as it continues to benefit from an industry-wide surge in popularity for the internet service.
Intel Sets Cruise Control on Pentium 4 Paul Otellini, the chip maker #39;s president and chief operating officer served notice at the company #39;s recent developer conference that the megahertz era was coming to a close, and the decision last week to remove the 4-GHz Pentium 4 processor from its road 
Dogged Astros Refocus Eyes on Texas The pitching coach who has been in professional baseball for 40 years thought the ball was too low. The relief pitcher who has been on major league mounds for more than a decade feared it would bounce on the plate.
Patriots, Brady keep winning streak alive QB overcomes his own turnovers and New England wins its 20th game in a row. FOXBORO, Mass. -- Tom Brady lost a fumble and his helmet -- but not the streak.
UPDATE: Australia #39;s AXA Rebuffs A\$3.4B Buyout By Parent MELBOURNE (Dow Jones)--Australian insurer AXA Asia Pacific Holdings Ltd. (AXA.AU) rebuffed Monday a buyout proposal from major shareholder AXA SA (AXA) after it wouldn #39;t agree to the A\$3.
Update 2: Tokyo Stocks End Lower; Dollar Down Tokyo stocks edged lower Monday for a seventh straight session because of concerns about rising oil prices. The dollar was down against the Japanese yen.
Coles says new ALH bid unacceptable Coles Myer has branded the new Woolworths bid offered for Australian Leisure  amp; Hospitality Group as unacceptable. Coles Myer, which has teamed up with Macquarie Bank through joint venture vehicle CMM Hotel 
 #39;Spyware #39; endangers industry, Dell fears The explosive growth of  #39;spyware #39; has become a  #39; #39;very alarming trend #39; #39; that could scare away computer users and undermine the industry, said Michael George, general manager of Dell Inc.
Berkman #39;s magnificent postseason play overshadowed by Beltran From a much quieter corner of the clubhouse, Houston Astros right fielder Lance Berkman briefly glanced over at the crowd of television cameras and tape recorders encircling teammate Carlos Beltran.
Karzai well ahead in Afghan tally KABUL, Afghanistan -- Preliminary results from Afghanistan #39;s landmark elections show President Hamid Karzai well ahead of his rivals and on course to become the country #39;s first popularly elected leader.
Russia, Uzbekistan can make serious decisions on economy &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Dushanbe. (Interfax) - Russia and Uzbekistan may make serious decisions in the area of economy before the end of this year, Russian President Vladimir Putin said while meeting with his Uzbek counterpart Islam Karimov.
NKorea head of parliament leaves for China for visit PYONGYANG, October 18 (Itar-Tass) - Chairman of the Presidium of the Supreme Peoples Assembly (parliament) of the Peoples Democratic Republic of Korea Kim Yong Nam has begun his visit to China to discuss issues of economic cooperation and Pyongyang 
Putin opens new military base in Tajikistan Russian President Vladimir Putin and his Tajik counterpart raised a Russian flag Sunday at a newly established permanent base for Moscow #39;s forces in this former Soviet republic, staking Russia #39;s claim for continued influence in 
Intel Sets Cruise Control on Pentium 4 Chipmaker to focus on technology and features instead of megahertz.
Spam Slayer: Tracking Spam to Its Source Legitimate mortgage lenders inadvertently support--and get tangled in--spam traps.
Els captures record 6th world title There was a great 35th birthday present for Ernie Els on Sunday. The South African won the World Match Play title for a record sixth time, beating Lee Westwood to earn a million pounds, the biggest prize in golf.
Vikings unstoppable, even with Moss loss Every time the New Orleans Saints got in the end zone, the Minnesota Vikings were able to respond. A bomb to Randy Moss here. A nifty catch just in front of the end zone by Marcus Robinson there.
Belarus Referendum Backs Third Term for Leader Lukashenko &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Belarussian President Alexander Lukashenko, accused in the west of being a tyrant, won overwhelming approval in a referendum to run for a third term in office.
SBS journo released by captors in Iraq Australian journalist John Martinkus has been released unharmed after being detained by an unknown group in Iraq, SBS television says.
Ortiz Homer Keeps Red Sox Hopes Alive  BOSTON (Reuters) - David Ortiz smacked a two-run homer in  the bottom of the 12th inning to give the Red Sox a 6-4 victory  over the New York Yankees on Monday, enabling Boston to avoid a  sweep in the American League Championship Series.
The dream stays alive Carlton Fisk in 1975. David Ortiz in 2004. Twelfth inning both times. Hold on to those tickets for this afternoon's fifth game of the 2004 American League Championship Series. The left-for-dead Red Sox are still breathing.
Having the final say FOXBOROUGH -- The Patriots have won 20 games in a row, and yesterday they tied the NFL record for most consecutive regular-season wins (17). Those are feats that take all the emotion the players can muster week after week.
The dream stays alive Carlton Fisk in 1975. David Ortiz in 2004. Twelfth inning both times. Hold on to those tickets for this afternoon's fifth game of the American League Championship Series. The left-for-dead Red Sox are still breathing.
Beltran, Astros have the power HOUSTON -- The Houston Astros not only tied the National League Championship Series with a 6-5 triumph yesterday over the St. Louis Cardinals. They sent a message entering tonight's Game 5 that they have more than enough to cope with the NL's most potent offense.
Former Royal basking in spotlight HOUSTON -- Millions of people around the world are watching baseball's playoffs, some so invested and otherwise enthralled that they'll watch every pitch. As of yesterday morning, four teams were still in the hunt for the World Series, making for four high-end lineups with eyes fixed on bleached-white horsehide and coarse red seams.
Manager was cornered Curt Schilling doesn't need a matching set of healthy ankles to be right about one thing: In this town, with this team, it always does come back to the manager. He's either a candidate for bronzing or for the hanging tree.
Positioned for a 1-2 punch? All the Red Sox wanted last night was one more chance to send out their two aces, Pedro Martinez and Curt Schilling . Even as they faced elimination against the Yankees in Game 4 of the American League Championship Series, the Sox finalized plans to go with Martinez in a potential Game 5 today at Fenway Park and appeared poised ...
Torre's Yankees have been at home in ALCS Historically, if you're a Yankee and you get to this time of year, good things happen. Especially when your manager is Joe Torre.
A perpetual state for these visitors Up here in the rogue state of Massachusetts, life goes on. Politicians from the American outback run against its diversity, its liberalism, painting the state as an outsider. And assorted Vandals, Huns, and Visigoths from New York batter at its civilized gates, presumably forever.
Torre: No chance of any early Moose sightings Unlike their red-stockinged rivals, the Yankees weren't going to use their next scheduled starter -- Mike Mussina -- to relieve if things went bad early last night.
He's a fast learner FOXBOROUGH -- For a long time yesterday the men and women huddled four rows deep around Bethel Johnson's locker knew what Terreal Bierria felt like 45 minutes earlier. Bethel Johnson was behind them.
They were playing for pride FOXBOROUGH -- For the Patriots, the game had been won. But for the Patriots' defense, there was still something at stake in yesterday's contest with the Seattle Seahawks at Gillette Stadium.
Pennington's leadership not half bad for New York EAST RUTHERFORD, N.J. -- Chad Pennington could feel the pressure of trying to make franchise history weighing down his teammates.
The top banana, Belichick, slips up FOXBOROUGH -- After Bill Belichick won his 20th consecutive game, he told the world how lousy he coached in yesterday's 30-20 win over the Seahawks, which ran his record this season to 5-0.
Buffalo finally shows promise Takeo Spikes made good on his vow the Buffalo Bills would finally provide some good news for their fans this weekend.
Rivers installs just play basketball' system WALTHAM -- When asked to describe the Boston offense under new coach Doc Rivers, the players often reply that they have to  quot;just play basketball. quot;
After loss to Pitt, Eagles have no margin for error PITTSBURGH -- After his Boston College football team suffered a 20-17 overtime loss to Big East foe Pittsburgh Saturday at Heinz Field, Eagles coach Tom O'Brien conveyed a simple message to his squad.
Els gets a grand birthday present On his 35th birthday, Ernie Els received a familiar present -- a World Match Play title. And he just might have his 96-year-old grandfather to thank.
Defense hard to dent It's impossible to lose a game if you don't allow any points. That's the primary reason Falmouth has a seat on the undefeated Bus after a 25-0 win over Nauset Friday, a victory that ran the Clippers' record to 5-0.
Much smoke to BPI's fileshare suits, but where's the fire? &lt;strong&gt;Analysis&lt;/strong&gt; Slurry with infringe on top
Too Immature for the Death Penalty? Brain researchers have a new argument against executing teenagers: they are not yet wired for adult decision making.
Do Good! Win a Prize! While Nobel Prizes are given for past performance, other types of inducement prizes are intended to spur innovation. Do they do the job?
Asian Stocks Slip as Oil Moves Above  #36;55 (Reuters) Reuters - Asian share markets fell on Monday\after oil hit a record above  #36;55 a barrel, with investors\cautious ahead of earnings reports from bellwether firms IBM\and Texas Instruments later in the day.
Blocked extra point helps No. 4 Bears grab narrow win On an unlikely night, the most unlikely play may have preserved California #39;s BCS berth and its Rose Bowl hopes. A late defensive extra point turned the tide for the No.
Rand seen extending Friday #39;s gains The rand was looking to strengthen further on Monday, extending Friday #39;s gains against the greenback, which tumbled following the release of poor US economic data.
Souness to review Bellamy  #39;abuse #39; Graeme Souness, the Newcastle manager, has said he will view video footage of Craig Bellamy apparently verbally abusing him before taking any action against the Wales striker.
Season a bed of Rossi #39; for Valentino Valentino Rossi (L), in a Yamaha, sneaks past Sete Gibernau to take the lead for good at the Australian Grand Prix on Phillip Island, Oct 17.
Purdue plays too soft on critical Wisconsin drive Purdue coach Joe Tiller said his defensive coaches looked at videotape of Saturday #39;s 20-17 loss to Wisconsin and realized one of their worst fears.
Israeli violence continues in Gaza, 4 Palestinians killed Israeli occupation forces killed four Palestinian fighters in Gaza Strip early Monday, saying that two of them were trying to cross the fenced border from the territory in a rare case of its kind, military sources said.
Hoon Faces MPs over Iraq Troop Deployment By Andrew Woodcock and James Lyons, Political Correspondents, PA News. Defence Secretary Geoff Hoon is expected to tell MPs today that no decision has yet been made on whether to deploy British troops in the American-controlled sector of Iraq.
Russia joins Central Asian Cooperation Organization RBC, 18.10.2004, Moscow 12:01:27.Russia has officially joined the Central Asian Cooperation Organization. A corresponding document was signed at a summit of the organization held in Dushanbe.
LTO bids to regain its pace &lt;strong&gt;Storage Expo&lt;/strong&gt; WORM and a spec for LTO-4 due this year
Woolworths Increases Australian Leisure Takeover Bid (Update5) Woolworths Ltd., Australia #39;s biggest grocer, increased its offer for Australian Leisure  amp; Hospitality Group to A\$1.2 billion (\$877 million) to stop rival bidder Coles Myer Ltd.
Indonesia to issue 3 trillion rupiah state bonds The Indonesian government plans toissue 3 trillion rupiah (around 333.33 million US dollars) worth of bonds on Oct. 26, an official said Monday.
Peering through the smog: Can cars be clean? As a bicycle kingdom gearing-up to become an automobile society, China, the world #39;s third largest car manufacturing base, is facing a serious problem of automobile-related pollution and soaring levels of petrol consumption.
Ferguson takes swipe at Arsenal Manchester United #39;s Sir Alex Ferguson has told Arsenal they got away with  quot;murder quot; for their part in the infamous match at Old Trafford last season.
Rays of hope in Sunshine State Neither Miami (Fla.) nor Florida State, nor the Orange Bowl for that matter, wanted the matchup that ensued last New Year #39;s night.
Packers top Lions By abc12, Associated Press. Brett Favre threw two touchdown passes and led the Packers to a 38-10 win over the Detroit Lions. Green Bay is2-4 and lost four straight before today.
US Releases Al-Fallujah Negotiator After Attacks 18 October 2004 -- The US Army has released an Al-Fallujah leader involved in negotiations to avert an Iraqi assault inside the insurgent stronghold west of Iraq #39;s capital Baghdad.
Aussie newsman held 24-hour hostage in Iraq An Australian journalist was taken hostage in Baghdad for 24 hours last weekend and was released unharmed, according to Foreign Minister Alexander Downer Monday.
Indonesian Cleric Bashir's Trial Starts Oct 28 (Reuters) Reuters - The trial of Indonesian\cleric Abu Bakar Bashir over charges related to the Bali and\Marriott bombings will begin on Oct. 28, a court official said\on Monday.
Britain Mulls U.S. Request for More Help in Iraq (Reuters) Reuters - Britain was considering a U.S. request\on Monday to move troops into more potentially dangerous areas\of Iraq, a politically charged move which has reignited anger\over Prime Minister Tony Blair's support for the war.
U.S. Frees Falluja Negotiator After Daylong Battle  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - U.S. forces freed Falluja's chief  negotiator on Monday after air strikes and a nine-hour battle  blasted the rebel-held Sunni Muslim city west of Baghdad.
Indonesian Cleric Bashir's Trial Starts Oct 28  JAKARTA, Indonesia (Reuters) - The trial of Indonesian  cleric Abu Bakar Bashir over charges related to the Bali and  Marriott bombings will begin on Oct. 28, a court official said  on Monday.
Spartans bounce back to edge George Mason Tom Izzo was relieved his Michigan State team escaped with a 66-60 victory over George Mason on Sunday in the consolation game of the BB amp;T Classic.
Game firm Eidos delays launch Tomb Raider creator Eidos delays the launch of a new game in the run up to the all-important Christmas trading season.
France finds big Eta arms dumps French police discover two big arms caches thought to belong to the Basque separatists Eta.
Telstra broadband growth ahead of schedule Australian uptake of broadband Internet has exceeded expectations, with Telstra announcing its one millionth broadband customer a year ahead of schedule.
UPDATE: Australia #39;s Santos Strikes Oil Off East Java PERTH (Dow Jones)--Santos Ltd. (STOSY) said Monday that its Jeruk 2 well struck oil off the East Java coast, raising hopes of a 170 million barrel discovery for the Australian energy group.
Riches, fancy repasts on deck for Beltran Jessica Beltran served two ham and cheese sandwiches and four pieces of bacon before her husband tied a major league record Sunday with his eighth home run of the postseason.
Sports in brief Though his Brazilian buddy won the race, Tony Kanaan completed a more impressive feat in his Indy Racing League championship season.
Ed Hardin #39;s column:  #39;Al #39;s boy #39; comes of age and makes Dad proud GREENSBORO -- Who knows what was going though Al Geiberger #39;s head Sunday evening. He was a thousand miles away watching on television as his son, Brent, won the Chrysler Classic of Greensboro.
Uncharted territory Jets players were already thinking ahead to their showdown in New England next weekend before theyd toweled off from their showers after dodging a major disaster Sunday.
Golf Roundup Els wins match-play title; Sorenstam overtakes Park  World Match Play: Ernie Els beat Lee Westwood 2 and 1 in the final yesterday on his 35th birthday in Virginia Water, England, to capture golf #39;s biggest payday - \$1.
Steadfast Patriots cling to NFL winning record Foxboro, Mass. - Every week the New England Patriots seem to offer their fatalistic following some reason to despair -  quot;We don #39;t have any wide receivers!
NK #39;s No. 2 in China to Discuss Nuke BEIJING (Yonhap) - A high-level North Korean official was to arrive in Beijing on Monday for talks with Chinese leaders on the standoff over Pyongyang #39;s nuclear ambitions and bilateral issues.
UPDATE:Air NZ Likely To Raise Fuel Surcharge -CEO Norris SINGAPORE (Dow Jones)--Air New Zealand Ltd. (AIR.NZ) is likely to increase its passenger fuel surcharge as oil prices and fuel costs continue to climb, managing director and chief executive Ralph Norris said at a lecture in Singapore Monday.
Elan Shares Rise on Report Biogen May Bid More Than \$10 Billion Shares of Elan Corp., Ireland #39;s biggest drugmaker, rose as much as 7.7 percent after a newspaper reported that the company #39;s US partner Biogen Idec Inc.
European September Inflation Revised Down to 2.1 From 2.2 Inflation in the dozen nations sharing the euro slowed more than initially estimated in September as companies reduced prices to lure customers to the stores, offsetting record energy costs.
Oracle warns of exploits for latest DB flaws Oracle is warning customers to apply software patches it released in August because of the availability of malicious code that can exploit unpatched vulnerabilities in its software.
Corel buys Paint Shop Pro maker Jasc Corel Corporation has bought Jasc Software, the publishers of the highly rated Paintshop Pro graphics software. The buy out strengthens Corel #39;s already strong presence in the PC graphics market - particularly 
A wild night for Cards reliever HOUSTON - The ball sailed inches over the head of Jeff Bagwell for ball four. The Astros first baseman said something to Cardinals pitcher Julian Tavarez , who yelled something back.
Andretti #39;s drivers finish season 1-2 As Indy car seasons go, it was not a great one for legendary car owner Roger Penske. So the Penske people whooped it up big time on Sunday when two-time Indianapolis 500 
Souness To Bellamy: I Make The Decisions Newcastle United striker Craig Bellamy was clearly unimpressed about being substituted by Shola Ameobi after 66 minutes of Sunday #39;s 1-1 draw with Charlton at The Valley.
Sergio rewarded for support of Mallorca Classic Sergio Garcia #39;s decision to turn down an invitation to the HSBC World Match Play for which he was qualified was vindicated when he took the Mallorca Classic by four shots.
Roethlisberger moves to 4-0 Rookie Ben Roethlisberger completed 11 consecutive passes on the visiting Pittsburgh Steelers #39; last two scoring drives Sunday, leading them to a 24-20 comeback victory against the Dallas Cowboys.
Redskins #39; Portis finds lots of holes in Bears #39; defense The Bears shored up their defensive problems on the weak side, but the Washington Redskins ran on them just about every other way imaginable.
Fire rips through Venezuelan skyscraper Hundreds of firefighters backed by helicopters have battled a raging blaze that destroyed at least 12 floors of Venezuela #39;s tallest skyscraper.
Air NZ tipped to raise fuel surcharge Air New Zealand will most likely announce an increase in its jet fuel surcharges within days because of the relentless climb in oil prices, the carrier #39;s chief executive, Ralph Norris, has said.
Elan jumps on Biogen bid report Shares in pharmaceutical company Elan soared in early trading this morning after a newspaper report that US company Biogen was considering a bid for the company.
Surging oil prices  #39;a threat to EU recovery #39; BERLIN: Surging oil costs heighten the risks to the euro zone recovery, European Central Bank President Jean-Claude Trichet said yesterday in an interview that pushed prospects for a credit tightening further into the background.
Steve Jobs is thinner, but his drive hasn #39;t faltered  quot;I #39;m back, quot; declared Apple Computer #39;s Steve Jobs last Thursday morning in his first public appearance before reporters since cancer surgery in late July.
Zarqawis Al-Qaeda Allegiance Intelligence Work: Expert The alleged allegiance of Al-Tawheed wal Jihad group in Iraq to Al-Qaeda network of Osama Bin Laden pledged in an unverified statement 
iPod Lifts Apple Apple sold 860,000 iPods in its third fiscal quarter ended June 30, more than twice the 336,000 it sold in the same period in 2003.
IBM #39;s Palmisano Targets Hewlett-Packard Clients to Boost Sales International Business Machines Corp. #39;s sales probably rose 9 percent in the third quarter as Chief Executive Sam Palmisano won more server-computer orders, capitalizing on mistakes Hewlett-Packard Co.
MP3 losing steam? After years as the unrivaled king of the digital-media world, the venerable MP3 music format is losing ground to rival technologies from Microsoft and Apple Computer.
Apple computer unveils mini-stores CUPERTINO, Calif., Oct 15, 2004 (United Press International via COMTEX) -- Capitalizing on the success of its iPod music players and laptops California-based Apple Computer is set to open six stainless steel and white mini-stores.
Make us believers Here is what we know about the Jets: They have done everything that they have had to do so far. Every opponent put in front of them has been defeated.
Let the games begin We are down to seven unbeaten teams with Bowl Championship Series title game aspirations. Idealistically, all but Boise State have a chance at getting to the Orange Bowl.
Vikes QB beats NO with arm, quickest of feet Put it down as an old &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; As you watched Culpepper, the quarterback of the Minnesota Vikings, move about the Superdome on Sunday night, you realized you were witnessing a bazooka of a arm.
He had all right moves Curt Schilling doesn't need a matching set of healthy ankles to be right about one thing: In this town, with this team, it always does come back to the manager. He's either a candidate for bronzing or for the hanging tree.
Martinez, Schilling set for 1-2 punch All the Red Sox wanted last night was one more chance to send out their two aces, Pedro Martinez and Curt Schilling . Even as they faced elimination against the Yankees in Game 4 of the American League Championship Series, the Sox finalized plans to go with Martinez in Game 5 today at Fenway Park and announced Schilling as their ...
Lowe surprises as outing is a highlight He was the starter no one wanted anymore. How bad was it for Derek Lowe in terms of inspiring confidence among his peers before last night's start in Game 4? After Saturday night's embarrassing 19-8 pounding by the Yankees in Game 3 of the American League Championship Series, a loss in which the Red Sox' staff was pounded into submission, ...
Pen certainly helped pin this victory down The night before, they looked like glorified batting practice pitchers. Last night, the members of the Boston bullpen needed to be almost letter-perfect and, for the most part, they were.
One wonderful seven-year pitch Seven years of Pedro. Went by quickly, huh? Seven years, the best of which may very well have been the best pitching ever done in a Boston uniform. Seven years of feistiness. Seven years of blazing fastballs. Seven years of spellbinding changeups. Seven years of pitching inside, sometimes waaaaay inside. Seven years of double-digit strikeouts. Seven years of sheer virtuosity. ...
NY ponders one that got away They were three outs from the World Series with Mr. Automatic on the mound, three outs from a champagne shampoo. And suddenly, with one swing of David Ortiz's bat, the Yankees were getting ready to play the Red Sox again this afternoon.
No Moose sightings in extras Unlike their red-stockinged rivals, the Yankees weren't going to use their next scheduled starter -- Mike Mussina -- to relieve if things went bad early last night.
North Korea's No. 2 Leader Visits China  BEIJING (Reuters) - North Korea's second-most senior leader  toured a shiny new science park in Beijing Monday, a first stop  on visit aimed at finding ways to help the North's moribund  economy as much as jump-starting stalled nuclear talks.
UPDATE 1-Amazing Adriano fires Inter to victory Brazilian Adriano scored two wonderful goals as Inter Milan beat Udinese 3-1 in Serie A on Sunday while a superb Andrea Pirlo strike gave AC Milan a 1-0 win at Cagliari.
CORRECTING and REPLACING SYNORAN, Oracle and HP Demonstrate World &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; COLUMBUS, Ohio --(Business Wire)-- Oct. 15, 2004 -- please replace the release dated October 14, 2004 with the following corrected version due to multiple revisions.
New England scores when it counts FOXBORO -- The New England Patriots usually count on veterans to make plays down the stretch in games like this. On Sunday, they turned to an enigmatic -- but incredibly fast -- wide receiver instead.
Karzai ahead after first million votes counted in Afghan election &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The chief rival of interim President Hamid Karzai said he has evidence of organized fraud in Afghanistan #39;s election and accused the UN-Afghan electoral commission on Monday of ignoring his complaints.
North Korea #39;s No. 2 Leader Visits China North Korea #39;s second-most senior leader toured a shiny new science park in Beijing Monday, a first stop on visit aimed at finding ways to help the North #39;s moribund economy as much as jump-starting stalled nuclear talks.
Top Worldwide Abu Musab al-Zarqawi #39;s Tawhid wal- Jihad group has declared its allegiance to the al-Qaeda terrorist network, according to a statement posted on an Islamist Web site.
Car bomb kills six in Baghdad in latest attack on Iraq #39;s police &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; A car bomb exploded near a police patrol in Baghdad #39;s fashionable Jadiriyah district, killing at six people, including three police officers, and wounding 26 others.
One million Afghan votes counted Afghanistan #39;s interim leader Hamid Karzai has a 45-point lead after the first million votes were counted in the country #39;s presidential poll.
Australian hostage freed in Iraq An Australian journalist was held hostage in Iraq for nearly 24 hours but has now been released unharmed. John Martinkus was seized outside his Baghdad hotel on Saturday, according to his employer, SBS television.
Irish Lawmakers to Review Rights for Gays (AP) AP - Ireland, a mostly Roman Catholic country where divorce was legalized just seven years ago, is contemplating another leap away from its conservative past  #151; and toward greater rights for homosexual couples.
Britain Rejects Troop Redeployment Claim (AP) AP - Prime Minister Tony Blair's government on Monday rejected claims from opposition lawmakers that a redeployment of British troops in Iraq would be a political show of support for the Bush administration before U.S. presidential elections.
Darfur mini-summit aims to ward off UN sanctions with African solution (AFP) AFP - The leaders of Sudan and four neighbouring states, in a bid to avert UN sanctions on Khartoum, pledged to work to resolve the Darfur crisis at the African level, but rebel groups remained sceptical.
Putin Offers Hand to Bush in U.S. Election (Reuters) Reuters - Russian President Vladimir\Putin, siding with President Bush two weeks before the U.S.\election, said Monday that armed attacks in Iraq were staged by\"international terrorism" out to block his re-election.
Harmony Gold Bids for Gold Fields  JOHANNESBURG (Reuters) - South Africa's Harmony Gold has  made an unsolicited 52.9 billion rand (\$8.2 billion) bid to  take over bigger domestic rival Gold Fields to create the  world's biggest gold producer, it said on Monday.
Brown 'could break golden rule' Chancellor Gordon Brown is in danger of breaking his economic "golden rule" because forecasts for tax revenues are too optimistic, a report says.
Fla. Voters to Begin Casting Early Ballots WEST PALM BEACH, Fla. - Election Day is still two weeks away, but voters across the state have the option Monday of beginning to cast their ballots early in this pivotal battleground state...
Microsoft Halo 2 leaks on the Internet Microsoft Corp., world #39;s largest software maker, faced an unexpected situation when it was brought to the company #39;s knowledge that various newsgroups and websites were hosting a leaked version of its upcoming Xbox game - Halo 2.
Can Cell Phone Use Lead to Brain Tumors? Oct. 15, 2004 - Despite a new study #39;s findings, there #39;s still no clear-cut evidence linking cell phone use to brain tumors.
Ogilvie fades down stretch On top of the leaderboard at the Chrysler Classic of Greensboro, he began having visions of his first PGA Tour victory. But Ogilvie struggled with his putting the rest of the 
Putin: Terrorist Aiming to Derail Bush Bid DUSHANBE, Tajikistan Oct. 18, 2004 - Russian President Vladimir Putin said Monday that terrorists are aiming to derail President Bush #39;s chances at re-election through their attacks in Iraq.
China to revive stalled N. Korea talks North Korea #39;s No. 2 leader, Kim Yong-nam, arrived in Beijing Monday as China renewed efforts to revive six-party talks on Pyongyang #39;s nuclear program.
Malaysian, Singapore Leaders to Attend Yudhoyono #39;s Swearing-In Malaysian Premier Abdullah Ahmad Badawi and Singapore #39;s Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong will attend the inauguration of Indonesia #39;s President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono this Wednesday, an Indonesian official said.
Europe Inflation Dip Not Expected to Last The euro zone #39;s inflation rate fell in September to an annual rate of 2.1 percent but remained above the European Central Bank #39;s target for the sixth straight month, the European Union statistics agency said Monday.
Singapore #39;s Non-Oil Exports Rise 17 Pct. Singapore #39;s key non-oil domestic exports rose by a surprisingly strong 16.9 percent in September from a year earlier, allaying fears of a slowdown that may hurt economic growth.
Enter your e-mail: Humax has announced that it is now shipping its DRT800 Tivo hardware. Humax reps here at the Digital Life trade show claim the DRT800 is the first sub-\$500 three-in-one Tivo device to include a DVD recorder 
Mobile Phones Increase Tumor Risk, Study Says Ten or more years of mobile phone use increases the risk of developing acoustic neuroma, a benign tumor on the auditory nerve, according to a study released on Wednesday by Sweden #39;s Karolinska Institute.
Future #39;s bright for geckos and sharks BANGKOK - The future looked brighter for leaf-tailed geckos and great white sharks after a UN meeting on trade in wild plants and animals.
OPPOSITE DIRECTIONS The 49ers rehearse the end-around run to Arnaz Battle so often that they never doubted the play would work.  #39; #39;We practice and practice and practice and practice that play, #39; #39; coach Dennis Erickson said.
PeopleSoft trial ends with whimper (TheDeal.com) TheDeal.com - A fourth independent director for the software company took the stand Friday.
Montavista claims real time support for Linux mobile 'Linux set to assume the role of a universal platform'
Intel to maintain 775-pin P4 prices to 2005 - report Despite proximity of faster, cheaper AMD rivals
European stocks fall amid new record price spike for oil (AFP) AFP - European stock markets reversed initial gains to fall in early trading, as New York crude oil futures rose to new record high points above 55 dollars a barrel, dealers said.
Central Bank Remains Silent as the Euro Rises Will the European Central Bank intervene in the world #39;s currency markets to put a lid on the euro? It has become a tantalizing prospect for many Europeans, who are nervous 
Darfur meeting aims to ward off UN sanctions with African solution (AFP) AFP - The leaders of Sudan and four neighbouring states, in a bid to avert UN sanctions on Khartoum, pledged to work to resolve the Darfur crisis at the African level, but rebel groups remained sceptical.
Drug smugglers exploit Iraq chaos Jordan says the lack of security in Iraq is causing a big increase in drug trafficking in the Middle East region. 
Tax cuts coming for modest-income families, business, says finance &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; OTTAWA (CP) - It may be a bit early to take this promise to the bank, but Finance Minister Ralph Goodale says he wants to bring in more personal and business tax cuts.
BUZZ: Google your hard drive Google brought the simplicity of its popular Internet search engine to the computer desktop last week, releasing software that allows people to use its home page to search their hard drives for documents, e-mail messages and other hard-to-find files.
Sorenstam rallies to beat Park Nothing like chipping in for an eagle at a crucial time to get Annika Sorenstam fired up. Sorenstam chased front-runner Grace Park for almost the entire tournament and finally passed her on the 71st hole, pulling away to a three-shot victory Sunday.
Russians dominate home tournament Anastasia Myskina and Nikolay Davydenko won singles championships Sunday at the Kremlin Cup, then teamed with compatriots to capture the women #39;s and men #39;s doubles finals as Russia swept all four titles.
Fallujah Peace Negotiator Released Iraqi officials say the US military has released a key negotiator involved in efforts to avert full scale military assault on Fallujah -- an insurgent stronghold west of Baghdad.
Harmony Gold Bids for Gold Fields (Reuters) Reuters - South Africa's Harmony Gold has\made an unsolicited 52.9 billion rand ( #36;8.2 billion) bid to\take over bigger domestic rival Gold Fields to create the\world's biggest gold producer, it said on Monday.
Dollar Near Lows After Sharp Slide  LONDON (Reuters) - The dollar languished near its lowest  level against the euro in over seven months as recent  lackluster data and soaring oil prices raised doubts over the  United States' growth outlook.
I Love Bees Game a Surprise Hit An alternate-reality game conceived as a marketing ploy is gaining a huge and obsessive following. Fans of I Love Bees stalk pay phones, organize mass salutes and even use the presidential debate to connect with each other. By Daniel Terdiman.
CherryOS Not BS, Author Says The author of the controversial CherryOS, an emulator that allows Windows to run Mac OS X, insists the software is not a scam, and any similarity to PearPC is coincidental. We'll soon see: He promises a free demo later this week. By Leander Kahney.
Retailers Post Weak Sales In November From discounters to department stores, the nation #39;s retailers reported bleak November sales yesterday, raising doubts about holiday sales prospects.
An Artist's Junkyard of Dreams To first-time viewers, the 50-foot-high Forevertron might look like nothing more than 320 tons of towering scrap metal. But its creator says it's also an antigravity machine designed to propel him to the heavens. Michelle Delio reports from Prairie du Sac, Wisconsin.
Deaf Benefit Greatly from SMS Most Australians send text messages over mobile phones. Deaf residents find the technology provides a crucial link to the hearing world and Analysts believe messaging could soon have a similar impact in the United States. By Patrick Gray.
Jeb Bush Keeps Felon List Ignoring advice from state election officials to junk Florida's felon no-vote list because it's inaccurate, Gov. Bush puts the list in play, according to a newspaper report. The same database wrongly disenfranchised 2,500 voters in 2000, most of them Democrats.
Word From on High: Jam Cell Calls Four churches in Mexico have unobtrusively installed Israeli-made cell-phone jammers to thwart those who don't seem to understand they should turn the thing off in during services or weddings. They're not the only ones in the world to do it.
Girl Gamers Tackle Male Field Les Seules, an all-girl Swedish video-game team, takes on the boys in a male-dominated competition at a New York technology and entertainment convention. The group placed fourth in the female division at the Electronic Sports World Cup in Paris.
Dell Teams Up to Fight Spyware The non-profit Internet Education Foundation, along with computer maker Dell, launch a campaign to help consumers fend off spyware. Their first step is to publish tips and tutorials to help internet users stay safe.
Crude oil price surges past \$55 Crude oil prices surged past an unprecedented \$55 per barrel Monday as uncertainty swirls over production, high demand and tight global supplies.
The beat goes on in New England Foxboro, Mass. -- As exciting as they are on the field, the Patriots are deathly boring off it.  quot;We don #39;t have a bunch of clowns, quot; safety Rodney Harrison said.
UK: Troop move  #39;not political #39; LONDON, England -- Prime Minister Tony Blair #39;s government has dismissed opposition claims that a redeployment of British troops in Iraq would be a  quot;political gesture quot; to the White House ahead of next month #39;s US presidential election.
African mini summit on Darfur opens in Libya An African mini summit on the Darfur issue, which brought together leaders from Libya, Sudan, Egypt, Nigeria and Chad, opens in Tripoli, capital of Libya, Oct. 17, 2004.
 #39;Mbeki should clear name over Haiti #39; President Thabo Mbeki should publicly clear his name amidst claims that he had allowed deposed Haitian leader Jean-Bertrand Aristide to incite violence from South Africa, says the African Christian Democratic Party (ACDP).
Survey: Gas prices drop as oil production increases Industry analyst Trilby Lundberg says the drop comes thanks to an increase in crude oil supplies combined with the recovery of US offshore oil production after Hurricane Ivan.
Digital Agenda: Homeland Security--Throwing money at technology (page 2) Strategic conflicts, rampant confusion and election-year politics are slowing the war on terror. A News.com special report.
Digital Agenda: Homeland Security The homeland security boom is funneling billions of dollars to antiterror tech makers, problems with accountability and coordination. A News.com special series.
Digital Agenda: Homeland security--Throwing money at technology Strategic conflicts, rampant confusion and election-year politics are slowing the war on terror. A News.com special report.
Poll: Antiterror tech plans are flawed U.S. government isn't doing enough with technology to improve homeland security, a CNET News.com-Harris Interactive poll finds.
Digital Agenda: Homeland security roundtable Is the U.S. investing in the proper technologies to fight terrorism? Leading figures such as Jim Barksdale give their insights.
Bears drive at \$55? Stocks set to start the new week lower as oil futures set yet another record. NEW YORK (CNN/Money) - The continued upward push of oil prices is likely to send stock prices lower when US markets begin trading Monday.
India-Asean trade needs diversification, says report: Business India: New Delhi, Oct 17 : Ahead of a India-Asean business summit here Tuesday, a report said that diversification of the export basket and more joint ventures could boost trade between India and the southeast Asian regional grouping.
Apple 21st-Century strategy emerging but the UK has emerged as the company #39;s strongest European market, reports the Sunday Times. The Sunday Times Business section yesterday published 
Flawed drawings caused spacecraft crash Investigators may have discovered what caused the Genesis spacecraft to crash into the Utah desert this September. Some crucial switches were installed backwards, because of an error in the instructions.
Souness reserves judgment on Bellamy rant WALES striker Craig Bellamy could be in hot water with Newcastle boss Graeme Souness after appearing to direct verbal insults towards his manager when substituted during yesterday #39;s Premiership draw with Charlton.
Want A BCS Buster? Look At Utah TAMPA - When the first Bowl Championship Series standings are released today, expect the first step in a season-long Ute Movement.
Vikings-Saints Game Stats A look at the team and individual statistics from Sunday night #39;s game between the Vikings and Saints. NFL FINAL 1ST 2ND 3RD 4TH TOTAL --- -- MINNESOTA 7 14 10 7 38 NEW ORLEANS 0 14 7 10 31 FINAL 
Iran Wants Right to Enrich Uranium Iran won #39;t permit its diplomats to negotiate with European nations over its nuclear program if the goal of talks is to deprive Iran of the right to enrich uranium, Iran #39;s top nuclear negotiator said Monday.
Games maker Eidos delays launch Tomb Raider creator Eidos delays the launch of a new game in the run up to the all-important Christmas trading season.
Palestinian: U.S. Election Stalling Peace (AP) AP - Palestinian Foreign Minister Nabil Shaath said Monday that the U.S. presidential election was stalling the Middle East peace process and urged other countries to increase their efforts.
\$55 Oil Weighs on Shares as Dollar Sags  LONDON (Reuters) - European stock markets fell and the  dollar toyed with multi-month lows on Monday as U.S. crude  topped \$55 a barrel and investors prepared for a busy week of  company results.
Iran Ready to Negotiate Enrichment Halt Length  TEHRAN, Iran (Reuters) - Iran said on Monday it was willing  to negotiate with European nations the length of its uranium  enrichment suspension but will never renounce its right to  carry out the process, which can be used to make atom bombs.
Crude Oil Prices Surge Past \$55 Per Barrel SINGAPORE - Crude oil prices surged past an unprecedented \$55 per barrel Monday as uncertainty swirls over production, high demand and tight global supplies ahead of the Northern Hemisphere winter.    Crude for November delivery on the New York Mercantile Exchange hit \$55.33 per barrel around noon in Asia, up 40 cents from its Friday settlement price...
South Africa #39;s Harmony Gold to bid for GFI to create world leader JOHANNESBURG : South Africa #39;s Harmony Gold Mining Co. Ltd. said it would bid for control of Gold Fields Ltd, valuing it at 8.1 billion dollars (6.
Crude oil prices surge past \$55 a barrel Crude oil prices surged past an unprecedented \$55 a barrel before sliding back in overnight trading Monday, amid ongoing uncertainty over production, high demand and tight global supplies.
GM, Euro labor debate 12,000 layoffs Outraged workers in Germany refuse to resume production as automaker seeks to save \$623.8Ma year. FRANKFURT, Germany (Reuters) - General Motors management started negotiations with union leaders Monday over 
Impact of Spitzer Broker Fraud Charges Felt at Marsh and Beyond New York Attorney General Eliot Spitzer #39;s filing last Thursday of charges against giant insurance broker Marsh for alleged commercial account steering and bid rigging has already had significant impact on Marsh and is expected to reach into the insurance 
Kmart Names Lewis As President, CEO Discount retailer Kmart Holding Corp. said Monday that it named Aylwin Lewis as president and chief executive and a director, effective immediately.
Ford to Offer Sirius on More Vehicles Ford Motor Co. is expanding the availability of Sirius Satellite Radio as a dealer-installed option, and plans to offer Sirius as a factory-installed option on up to 20 Ford and Lincoln Mercury lines over the next two years, the automaker said Monday.
Performance Food Warns on 3Q, 4Q Profits Performance Food Group Co. said Monday that earnings for the third and fourth quarters will fall below its previous estimates, in part due to the effects of the hurricanes that hit the Southeast.
Mullen: Does Biogen Want More From Elan Than Drug Partner? Could a jointly marketed drug lead to a joint company? Ireland #39;s Sunday Tribune said yesterday that US pharmaceuticals company Biogen Idec (nasdaq: BIIB - news - people ) was looking to make an all-stock bid 
Star Gas Suspends Payout to Unit Holders Star Gas Partners LP said Monday that a  quot;substantial decline quot; in earnings at its heating oil division would force it to cease distributions on its common partnership units and could result in the company seeking bankruptcy protection.
Kraft Foods shedding units? Reports say No. 1 food company may divest Oscar Mayer, Post cereal lines and candy units. NEW YORK (CNN/Money) - Kraft Foods may put its well-known Oscar Mayer, Post cereal and Altoids brands up for sale as the No.
Micron plans to build Chinese plant in 2005, says report SHANGHAI, China - Micron Technology Inc., the leading US based memory maker, is planning to build a test and assembly facility in China, according to an Associated Press report Monday (Oct. 18), which cited a company executive in Shanghai as its source.
Q amp;A: Microsoft #39;s Will Poole talks about digital home entertainment LOS ANGELES - With Microsoft pulling out the stops to make computers part of home entertainment, Will Poole was a natural choice to lead the business producing PC versions of Windows.
EDS/Vodafone switch on managed mobility service Vodafone and EDS have deployed a global managed service for ABN AMRO Bank of the Netherlands, based on RIM #39;s BlackBerry mobile email clients.
Microsoft Trims Next Windows Server Release Microsoft Corp. wants to deliver its Windows Server 2003 update, known as  quot;R2, quot; in 2005. To make sure it will be able do so, the company is prioritizing its feature list and moving some R2 features into later releases.
China joins drive for green cars ANTING (China) - Booming demand is not only turning China into the world #39;s fastest growing car market, but it is also pushing the country to develop vehicles that run on alternative fuels.
Most Powerful Optical Telescope Finally Dedicated It took 20 years from conception to today, but the world #39;s most powerful telescope was finally dedicated. Though it won #39;t be fully operational until next year, Friday #39;s dedication a historic milestone.
PeopleSoft product exec follows CEO out the door Just a week after PeopleSoft ousted former chief executive Craig Conway, it has announced that another top executive - Ram Gupta, who had been executive vice president of products and technology -as left.
Beltran tee shot ties NLCS HOUSTONAfter falling behind 0-2 in the NL Championship Series, the best-case scenario for the Houston Astros played itself out this weekend.
Sorenstam story at Samsung World Championship It was a story all too familiar to the other players on the LPGA for the last 11 years. Annika Sorenstam grinds around the golf course, waits for other golfers to make mistakes, then pounces on another tournament title.
Geiberger Holds On For First Victory Since 1999 GREENSBORO, NC -- Golfer Brent Geiberger today cruised to a two-shot victory in the Chrysler Classic of Greensboro, five years after his only victory on the PGA Tour.
Wenger stays silent ARSENE Wenger is refusing to be drawn into a war of words with Sir Alex Ferguson ahead of Sundays Old Trafford showdown between Arsenal and Manchester United.
Mark Kreidler: An ocean away, an experience to savor Bee Sports Columnist. BEIJING - The world probably gets smaller only a little bit at a time. When Peja Stojakovic watched Yao Ming moving gracefully through a sea of people here late Sunday 
Moenchengladbach #39;s Oliver Neuville Banned for Scoring With Hand Borussia Moenchengladbach #39;s Oliver Neuville, a former Germany forward who has the most goals in the country #39;s top soccer division this season, was suspended for two games after he used his hand to score.
York University to house Argos, soccer group CBC SPORTS ONLINE - The Toronto Argonauts may or may not host the East Division semifinal this year, but they will play home games at York University in 2006.
49ers Insider Jets running back Curtis Martin, who amassed 111 rushing yards on 25 carries. Martin also found the end zone twice, scoring on plays of 1 and 9 yards.
Raiders-Broncos Box Score Raiders -- FG Janikowski 35, 8:00. Drive: 4 plays, 3 yards in 1:35. Key Plays: Anderson 23-yard interception return to Denver 20. Raiders 3, Broncos 0. Broncos -- Putzier 12 pass from Plummer (Elam kick), 14:02.
Biologists Hunt for Snakehead in Chicago (AP) AP - Biologists plan to use large nets and traps this week in Chicago's Burnham Harbor to search for the northern snakehead  #151; a type of fish known for its voracious appetite and ability to wreak havoc on freshwater ecosystems.
Unlikely Visionary Behind Race to Space (AP) AP - SpaceShipOne visionary Peter Diamandis wasn't thinking about history as he stood in the Mojave desert and watched a small, shuttlecock-shaped craft glide back to Earth having nudged the edge of space. He just thought it looked beautiful.
Panel Recommends Sharp Cuts in Fish Stocks (AP) AP - Catches of cod and other fish stocks must be drastically reduced or even stopped in the North Sea to help populations recover from years of overfishing, an independent expert panel said Monday.
Negotiator: Fallujah Talks Still Suspended The top Fallujah negotiator in peace talks with the government dashed hopes of resuming talks soon despite his release Monday by US and Iraqi authorities, saying negotiations remain suspended.
Britain seen moving Iraq troops further into harm #39;s way LONDON (AFP) - Britain was due to announce Monday that it had received a US request to redeploy some of its troops in Iraq into restive, US-held areas, a move critics warned could be seen as a pre-election ploy to assist President George W. Bush.
Thousands March in London to Protest Iraq War Thousands of anti-war activists marched through central London, Sunday, October 17, 2004, to protest the US-led occupation of Iraq.
Apple under scrutiny as music competition rises Apple Computer may have sold more than twice as many of its iPod digital music players in its most recent quarter than its signature Mac computers, but competitors 
Chelsea Football Club star named in drugs scandal Chelsea Football Club striker Adrian Mutu has been named as the player who has reportedly failed a drugs test. The Mail on Sunday claimed a top Premiership star had failed a random drugs test, and widespread 
The great rain robbery When Adam Gilchrist must have woken up in his well-furnished room at the Taj Coromandel this morning, looking through the windows and at the slate-black sky and the incessant rain, he would have possibly wondered where he was.
Is the heyday of the MP3 coming to a close? After years as the unrivalled king of the digital-media world, the venerable MP3 music format is losing ground to rival technologies from Microsoft and Apple.
Mutu #39;s failed drug test confirmed by player #39;s union Chelsea striker Adrian Mutu failed a drug test, the English players #39; union confirmed Monday. The Romanian could face a ban of up two years from domestic and international soccer.
US toymakers pessimistic on outlook NEW YORK, Oct 18 (Reuters) &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The two top US toymakers, citing uncertainty in the economy and the retail sector, posted disappointing third-quarter results on Monday, and lowered expectations for the crucial Thanksgiving-to-Christmas season.
SEC investigates part of Thomson Financial #39;s intelligence service STAMFORD, Conn. (CP) - The US Securities and Exchange Commission is investigating the operations of a Thomson Financial division that collects information on stock ownership, the company revealed Monday.
Australia, Indonesia consider defense pact Australia is considering a security pact with Indonesia if incoming president Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono agrees, Foreign Minister Alexander Downer said Monday.
Doghouse into penthouse FOXBORO, Mass. - There are plays in a football game. And then there are plays in a football game. Bethel Johnson made one of the latter in the New England Patriots #39; 30-20 victory over the Seattle Seahawks Sunday afternoon at Gillette Stadium.
3M Posts Higher Profit, Misses Estimates (Reuters) Reuters - 3M Co.  on Monday said\third-quarter earnings rose 17 percent due in part to the weak\dollar, but the diversified manufacturer's results came in\below Wall Street's estimates for the first time in at least\seven quarters.
Pfizer to Sponsor Large New Celebrex Trial (Reuters) Reuters - Pfizer Inc. said on Monday it plans to\sponsor a major clinical study to further assess the\cardiovascular safety of its arthritis drug Celebrex following\the withdrawal of Merck   Co.'s Vioxx, a drug in the same\class.
Toymakers Disappoint, Warn on Holidays (Reuters) Reuters - The two top U.S. toymakers posted\disappointing third-quarter results on Monday, citing\uncertainty in the economy and cautious retailers, and tempered\expectations for the crucial holiday season.
Lidge puts Astros games in fridge For a guy who spent most of his first four professional seasons on the disabled list, Houston Astros reliever Brad Lidge has developed into quite the ironman these past two days.
Kmart Plucks New CEO from Yum (Reuters) Reuters - Kmart Holding Corp.  on Monday\said it appointed Aylwin Lewis president and chief executive\officer, effective immediately.
3M Posts Higher Profit, Misses Estimates  CHICAGO (Reuters) - 3M Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MMM.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;MMM.N&lt;/A&gt; on Monday said  third-quarter earnings rose 17 percent due in part to the weak  dollar, but the diversified manufacturer's results came in  below Wall Street's estimates for the first time in at least  seven quarters.
Stocks Open Lower as Oil Prices, 3M Weigh  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks opened lower on Monday as  oil prices held near \$55 a barrel and Dow component 3M Co.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MMM.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;MMM.N&lt;/A&gt; posted results slightly below Wall Street estimates.
Delphi Narrows Quarterly Net Loss  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Auto parts supplier Delphi Corp.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=DPH.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;DPH.N&lt;/A&gt; on Monday posted a smaller quarterly loss as lower  restructuring charges offset the effects of North American  motor vehicle production cuts and rising materials costs.
Kmart Plucks New CEO from Yum  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Kmart Holding Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=KMRT.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;KMRT.O&lt;/A&gt; on Monday  said it appointed Aylwin Lewis president and chief executive  officer, effective immediately.
Ford to Expand Offering of Sirius Radio  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Ford Motor Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=F.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;F.N&lt;/A&gt; said on Monday it  would offer Sirius satellite radio in more vehicles, as Sirius  fights to catch up with industry leader XM Satellite Radio  Holdings Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=XMSR.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;XMSR.O&lt;/A&gt;
US Airways Expands Flight Schedule  NEW YORK (Reuters) - US Airways Group Inc.    &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=UAIRQ.OB target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;UAIRQ.OB&lt;/A&gt; on  Monday said it will increase capacity and add 230 daily flights  to its operation by increasing utilization of its planes.
For Merck, a Painful Withdrawal Even as Merck was deciding to withdraw the drug, there were medical experts arguing that it should not.
Toymakers Disappoint, Warn on Holidays The two top U.S. toymakers, citing\uncertainty in the economy and the retail sector, posted\disappointing third-quarter results on Monday, and lowered\expectations for the crucial Thanksgiving-to-Christmas season.
Bush Signs  #36;33 Billion Security Budget (AP) AP - President Bush signed a bill Monday giving the Department of Homeland Security about  #36;33 billion for the budget year that began Oct. 1.
Fla. Democrats Hope for More Cuban American Votes (Reuters) Reuters - Democrats are pouncing on what they say\is a slip in support for President Bush among Florida's Cuban\Americans, who backed him overwhelmingly in 2000 and have been\staunchly behind Republicans in presidential elections.
Jazeera: Iraq Militants Kill Two Macedonia Hostages  DUBAI (Reuters) - A militant group in Iraq said it had  killed two Macedonian hostages whom it accused of spying for  the United States, Arabic television Al Jazeera said Monday.
Iraq to Widen Arms Amnesty, Bring Falluja to Heel  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Iraq's interim government will declare  a nationwide arms amnesty next week, but insists the city of  Falluja must turn in foreign militants or face assault,  National Security Adviser Kassim Daoud said Monday.
Harmony Offers to Buy Gold Fields for \$8.2 Billion (Update5) Harmony Gold Mining Co., the biggest miner of South African gold, made a hostile offer to buy Gold Fields Ltd. for 52.9 billion rand (\$8.
Kmart Appoints Lewis New CEO, President DETROIT - The retailing company Kmart Holding Corp. has appointed Aylwin Lewis, formerly an executive at the restaurant operator Yum Brands Inc.
Ford to Expand Offering of Sirius Radio Ford Motor Co. (FN: Quote, Profile, Research) said on Monday it would offer Sirius satellite radio in more vehicles, as Sirius fights to catch up with industry leader XM Satellite Radio Holdings Inc.
ING Pays Scottish Re to Take Over Business AMSTERDAM, Netherlands - Dutch insurer ING NV said Monday it will pay Scottish Re Group Ltd. \$562 million to take over ING #39;s individual life reinsurance business in the United States.
Thomson Financial Receives a Subpoena From SEC (Update1) Thomson Financial, a unit of financial information provider Thomson Corp., said it received a subpoena from the Securities and Exchange Commission for documents related to its capital markets business.
Japan's homeless face ageism The number of Japanese homeless is on the rise, and cultural attitudes about age are exacerbating the situation.
Amphibians face mass extinction threat About one third of amphibians are under threat of extinction in a new sign of the world #39;s deteriorating environment, according to researchers who carried out a global census.
MUTU BACK IN LONDON The Mail on Sunday reported that the Chelsea striker had tested positive for a banned substance after a test conducted by UK Sport.
Pirlo Shoots Down Cagliari Andrea Pirlo netted the only goal of the evening as AC Milan topped Cagliari for their third straight win. Meanwhile, house mates Inter Milan rode an Adriano double past Udinese 3-1.
Rossi expects backlash from Honda Newly-crowned world champion Valentino Rossi is already looking forward to a bigger challenge next season. Rossi, who clinched his fourth straight world MotoGP title on Sunday, expects former team Honda to provide an even sterner challenge than this year.
Loeb relieved to clinch title in Corsica World rally champion Sebastien Loeb says he is relieved to have secured the title in Corsica on Sunday, sparing him a nervous wait for his first crown.
Neuville suspended for scoring with hand The German football association (DFB) suspended Germany international Oliver Neuville for two matches on Monday for deliberately handling the ball into the net during the weekend #39;s Bundesliga action.
Iran to discuss suspension of uranium enrichment Iran is ready to discuss a further suspension of uranium enrichment but will never give in on its work of nuclear fuel cycle, Iran #39;s state TV quoted the country #39;s to pnuclear official as saying on Monday.
Australia Rejects Request for Soldiers to Protect UN in Iraq Australia rejected a request to provide soldiers to protect United Nations workers in Iraq, a spokesman for Foreign Minister Alexander Downer said.
Iraq set to extend arms amnesty Iraq is considering an overall weapons amnesty as a deadline for Baghdad fighters to cash in arms is extended.
Five killed in Afghan poll blast Five people die after an explosion hits a car used by election staff in south-eastern Afghanistan, the UN says.
Sudan's Darfur 'safer than Iraq' Sudan's government tells the BBC it is handling the crisis in Darfur better than the US is dealing with Iraq.
Crude Oil Prices Surge Past \$55 Per Barrel The \$55.33 per barrel comes amid ongoing uncertainty over production, high demand and tight global supplies just ahead of winter.
Patriots Destroy Browns Offense, defense and special teams all score as the Super Bowl-champion Patriots move to 11-1 and crush the crumbling Browns, 42-15, on Sunday.
South Africa's Harmony Gold Bids for Gold Fields The unsolicited \$8.2 billion bid to take over bigger domestic rival Gold Fields would create the world's biggest gold producer.
An Apple a day ... p2pnet.net News:-  quot;The iTunes music store is the key driver to establish the iPod as the Walkman of the 21st century. quot;. The words belong to Pascal Cagni, Apples European boss, and they #39;re quoted in a Sunday 
Forwarding freedom The free use of the ballot box is the ultimate expression of democracy. We #39;ve had the right so long in this country that, sadly, many of us choose to use the right in a pedestrian, occasional fashion.
British ambassador pleads for information on Bigley #39;s body BAGHDAD, Iraq Britain #39;s ambassador to Iraq is pleading for information on Ken Bigley #39;s beheaded body. The British engineer was kidnapped last month and later murdered.
BERARDINO: Even idiots get some things right BOSTON -- They proudly call themselves  quot;idiots, quot; and the thing with idiots, you see, is they don #39;t often think rationally.
Music Publishers Sign Deal on Web Radio Music publishers and U.S. commercial\radio station owners said on Monday they had agreed to a new\\$1.7 billion deal to cover licensing rights for music played\over radio airwaves or via radio station Web sites.
PEC to Aid Migrant Student Program The Education Department's Office of Migrant Education awarded a contract to PEC Solutions Inc. of Fairfax to help create a system for states to share information about children of migrant workers.
Advertising Customers Get the Right Message Reston-based Upper Quadrant offers a subscription-based, Web-hosted application that enables companies to compile and share marketing information in a central database.
Merger Delivers Princely Profit for DigitalNet Insiders Usually when stockholders get a proxy statement in the mail, it means management of the company they have invested in wants their vote on something -- approval of a merger, perhaps, or electing board members at the next shareholders meeting.
Liberal Praise Drawn From Unlikely Source Marketer says left-leaning groups are miles ahead in using the Internet for political advocacy.
Microsoft targets midmarket with Navision update Microsoft Corp. is building on its 2002 buy of Danish business application developer Navision A/S with the release Monday of its first major product built on the Navision software suite.
Advertisements Insinuated Into Video Games Roar down city streets in the upcoming "Need for Speed Underground 2" racing game and you'll see a Best Buy store amid the skyscrapers along with bright billboards hawking Cingular Wireless, Old Spice, and Burger King.
Kerry Tours Fla. Asking for Early Votes PALM BEACH, Fla. - Florida voters get to cast their ballots for president beginning Monday, and Democrat John Kerry planned to spend all day asking for their votes...
Red Sox Beat Yankees 6-4 in 12 Innings BOSTON - Down to their last three outs of the season, the Boston Red Sox rallied - against Mariano Rivera, the New York Yankees and decades of disappointment. Bill Mueller singled home the tying run off Rivera in the ninth inning and David Ortiz homered against Paul Quantrill in the 12th, leading Boston to a 6-4 victory Sunday over the Yankees that avoided a four-game sweep in the AL championship series...
McCain Wants Changes Sen. John McCain reiterates the committment of Congress to force Major League Baseball to address their steroid abuse policies.
Afghan Candidate Claims Fraud in Elections KABUL, Afghanistan - The chief rival of interim President Hamid Karzai said he has evidence of organized fraud in Afghanistan's election and accused the U.N.-Afghan electoral commission on Monday of ignoring his complaints.    In the second deadly incident surrounding the election, five people - including at least one election worker - were killed by an explosion as they drove near the Pakistan border, the joint U.N.-Afghan electoral commission said...
Sharon Says Nothing Will Stop Gaza Plan JERUSALEM - Facing unrelenting criticism from Jewish settlers, Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon said Monday that nothing would deter him from pushing forward with his plan to pull out of the Gaza Strip and parts of the West Bank.    Also Monday, scattered fighting in the Gaza Strip killed at least five Palestinian militants, including two Palestinians who infiltrated Israel from Gaza early Monday and were shot in a lengthy gunbattle...
Johnny Depp Says He's No Heartthrob LONDON - Johnny Depp reckons he's no great movie pinup - he just has a "weird job."   Arriving for the premiere of his latest movie, "Finding Neverland," at London's Leicester Square, Depp played down his movie star image as fans lining the red carpet screamed his name.   "I wouldn't say I'm a heart throb," he said, as his wife, French singer and actress Vanessa Paradis, looked on...
Deadly ladybird widespread in UK An invasive  ladybird which kills off other insects is widespread in the UK,  an expert says.
AXA retracts offer for Asian affiliate SYDNEY Shares of AXA Asia Pacific Holdings slumped Monday after the European insurer AXA withdrew a 3.4 billion Australian dollar, or \$2.
Salt in Their Wounds Fleeing Iraqis arrive in Jordan only to find that their old oppressors are thriving in Amman
Emoticons Invade Mars The Mars Global Surveyor released the latest glyph image that appears to evoke the kinds of communication in rock formations that has become famous among Mars' watchers on the internet. But there is a serious side to interpreting remote sensing data, and shadow is not always one's ally...
Cassini Finds a Charged Up Saturn Saturn has an unusual magnetic environment, which acts as a planetary electrical transformer. The instrument measuring the charged Saturn on Cassini has already found a plasma between what previously was just thought to be a ring gap...
Mission to Mars: Risky Business The Mars Exploration Rovers, Spirit and Opportunity, will claim a place in history as tremendous successes. But to get the rovers ready for launch, mission team members had to push themselves to their limits. MER Principal Investigator Steve Squyres explains how they handled the challenge. 
World Muslims end peace prayers in Bangladesh DHAKA: Nearly two million Muslims from around the world ended their three-day annual prayer for global peace and harmony outside the Bangladesh capital Dhaka on Sunday.
Nine soldiers among 14 killed in Kashmir SRINAGAR: Fourteen people, including nine soldiers, were killed in held Kashmir on Sunday, the Indian army said. An army spokesman said that the convoy had driven over a landmine detonated by separatist militants 
FDA Considers Morning-After Pill for Teens By MARTHA IRVINE    CHICAGO (AP) -- Some see easy access to emergency contraception as a way to drastically reduce teen pregnancy, already on the decline since the early 1990s. Others worry that its long-term effects on young women are unknown or argue that the drug, also known as the "morning after pill," encourages teens to have sex...
Pilates Promoter Praises Her Exercise She's often seen in a ubiquitous infomercial peddling Pilates videos, but Mari Winsor's lean and sinewy body may be the best walking advertisement of the exercise phenomenon.
Sidebar: HP's grid storage initiative leads the way Hewlett-Packard was the first company to offer a grid storage device, but others are moving to catch up.
First look: Surfing on your MSN TV PC World reviewer says latest incarnation of the WebTV device is acceptable as a dial-up Internet device for some, but its broadband networking features will leave savvy users unimpressed.
JBoss takes on business process management JBoss Inc. has added business process management (BPM) to its growing roster of open source software.
EDS forms alliance to challenge IBM's Global Services business EDS on Monday announced the formation of the EDS Agility Alliance with industry heavyweights Cisco, Dell, EMC, Microsoft, Sun Microsystems, and Xerox. The partnership will be the foundation for EDS' efforts to regain momentum in the services business, where it has lost ground to challengers such as IBM's Global Services unit.
Cisco, Microsoft bridge security gap Cisco Systems Inc. and Microsoft Corp. on Monday will announce a collaborative effort designed to bridge a divide between their emerging network access-control architectures.
UPDATE 2-Ibrahimovic winner keeps Juve four points clear Swedish striker Zlatan Ibrahimovic grabbed a 75th minute winner as Serie A leaders Juventus came from behind to beat Lazio 2-1 at the Delle Alpi stadium on Sunday.
Content networks deliver on-demand apps Once limited to Web content and images, content delivery network providers are shifting focus to tackle the on-demand delivery of distributed applications. To that end, Akamai Technologies this week plans to introduce four J2EE-based Web applications that enterprises can deploy quickly without purchasing any hardware or fixed assets. Meanwhile, Speedera Networks next week will launch its FlexComputing service for distributed application hosting and delivery.&lt;p&gt;ADVERTISEMENT&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;&lt;img src="http://ad.doubleclick.net/ad/idg.us.ifw.general/sbcspotrssfeed;sz=1x1;ord=200301151450?" width="1" height="1" border="0"/&gt;&lt;a href="http://ad.doubleclick.net/clk;9228975;9651165;a?http://www.infoworld.com/spotlights/sbc/main.html?lpid0103035400730000idlp"&gt;SBC Case Study: Crate   Barrel&lt;/a&gt;&lt;br/&gt;What sold them on improving their network? A system that could cut management costs from the get-go. Find out more.&lt;/p&gt;
Actional, Westbridge merge for Web services Web services management vendor Actional and Westbridge Technology, which sold security infrastructure for Web services, are merging to focus on what company officials call SOA (service-oriented architecture) enablement.
Macromedia upgrading Flex presentation server Macromedia on Monday will introduce an upgrade to its Flex presentation server and framework for building rich Internet applications, with improvements in data display, visualization, styling, and performance.
Google tests personal search service Google Inc.'s two founders said on Monday that their company is working on a personal search service, but they remained coy on plans for an instant messaging client or Web browser.
Micron planning its first factory in China Micron Technology Inc. is currently in the process of planning its first factory in China and hopes to begin construction in the middle of next year, the company said Monday.
BCS shockers: Texas in Fiesta, Pitt to Rose As expected, Auburn is the odd team out of the BCS national championship game, and Texas has bumped Cal out of the Rose Bowl. In addition to the Longhorns #39; last-minute jump, there was another shocker: Texas 
Advertisements Inserted Into Video Games Roar down city streets in the upcoming "Need for Speed Underground 2" racing game and you'll see a Best Buy store amid the skyscrapers along with bright billboards hawking Cingular Wireless, Old Spice, and Burger King.
Modem to Connect With Speedy Cellular Technology By BRUCE MEYERSON    NEW YORK (AP) -- A top networking gear producer plans to offer a speedy new cellular technology that's an alternative to DSL and cable Internet access with the added advantage of being available on the road.    NetGear Inc...
Sony May Open Retail Stores By ELLIOT SPAGAT    COSTA MESA, Calif. (AP) -- Few people took notice when Sony Electronics Inc...
Chinese Showcase Eco-Friendly Cars The Habo No. 1 looks like any one of the legions of Volkswagen sedans in China. But a peek under the hood reveals an array of chrome canisters instead of the usual engine - the Habo is fueled not by gas but hydrogen peroxide.
Blair, Musharraf to hold talks over terrorism Pakistani President Gen. Pervez Musharraf, who flew into London on Sunday, is due to discuss with British Prime Minister Tony Blair over terrorism, trade and the situation in Afghanistan and Kashmir on Monday.
Hungary citizenship fails due to low turnout BUDAPEST (AFP) - Voters in Hungary failed to turn out in sufficient numbers to pass a referendum to extend citizenship to millions of ethnic Hungarians living in the region, a motion that split the country and drew fire from neighboring governments.
Tech Giants Declare, 'United We Stand' (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - Tough times often make for strange bedfellows, and the explosion of viruses, computer worms and spyware programs on the Internet is producing unique alliances among top technology firms.
Old TV shows never die... (USATODAY.com) USATODAY.com - Consumers are snatching up old and new TV favorites on DVD as quickly as studios can release them. TV shows on DVD are one of the fastest-growing trends in the home video business.
NFL Preview - Tennessee (4-7) At Indianapolis (8-3) Peyton Manning will look to draw closer to NFL history on Sunday, when the quarterback leads his Indianapolis Colts into battle to face the visiting Tennessee Titans.
Katie Couric qualifies as 'Blue Ribbon' working mom (USATODAY.com) USATODAY.com - On Katie Couric's busy schedule, the phone interview about her new children's book was set for 4:30 p.m., about 12 hours after she had left for work as co-host of NBC's Today. When she called at 5, she was apologetic and explained she had forgotten that one of her daughters had a volleyball game. So while rushing to the game on the Upper East Side, Couric called by cell phone. She laughed and said, "I'm trying to multitask."
EDS forms alliance to challenge IBM's Global Services business (InfoWorld) InfoWorld - EDS on Monday announced the formation of the EDS Agility Alliance with industry heavyweights Cisco, Dell, EMC, Microsoft, Sun Microsystems, and Xerox. The partnership will be the foundation for EDS' efforts to regain momentum in the services business, where it has lost ground to challengers such as IBM's Global Services unit.
Disease Killing Beech Trees in Smokies (AP) AP - Scientists say a nonnative insect is to blame for a disease that's killing beech trees in the higher elevations of the Great Smoky Mountains National Park.
Britain Considers U.S. Request for More Iraq Help (Reuters) Reuters - Britain is considering a U.S. request to\move troops into more potentially dangerous areas of Iraq, a\politically charged move which has re-ignited anger over Prime\Minister Tony Blair's support for the war.
New Afghan Army a Match for Taliban, U.S. Says (Reuters) Reuters - The new Afghan army is winning the\support of the population and is capable of tackling a\lingering insurgency by remnants of the ousted Taliban regime,\the U.S. general in charge of its training said Monday.
2 Macedonian Hostages Said Killed in Iraq (AP) AP - A militant group in Iraq has executed two Macedonian men accused of spying for the United States, an Arab television station reported Monday.
Canada may provide some of its surplus flu vaccine to U.S. (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - OTTAWA (CP) - Canada may provide some of its surplus flu vaccine to United  States.
High Court Orders Review of Texas Seats (AP) AP - The Supreme Court on Monday ordered a lower court to reconsider a Texas congressional map that could give Republicans six more seats in Congress in upcoming elections and help the GOP protect its majority.
Court Won't Hear Ex-Governor's Appeal (AP) AP - The Supreme Court refused Monday to consider whether former Arkansas Gov. Jim Guy Tucker was wrongly barred from raising new arguments in challenging his 1998 conviction for tax conspiracy.
New Afghan Army a Match for Taliban, U.S. Says  KABUL (Reuters) - The new Afghan army is winning the  support of the population and is capable of tackling a  lingering insurgency by remnants of the ousted Taliban regime,  the U.S. general in charge of its training said Monday.
Iraqi group 'killed Macedonians' The militant 'Islamic Army in Iraq' says it has killed two Macedonian hostages it calls 'US spies'.
Ford to Expand Offering of Sirius Radio &lt;p&gt;\&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; NEW YORK (Reuters) - Ford Motor Co. &lt;F.N&gt; said on Monday it\would offer Sirius satellite radio in more vehicles, as Sirius\fights to catch up with industry leader XM Satellite Radio\Holdings Inc. &lt;XMSR.O&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
French AXA invasion plan repelled AXA Asia Pacific Holdings yesterday delivered a \$3.4 billion  quot;non quot; to its French parent #39;s bid to take over the remaining 48 per cent share, sending the share price into a nosedive and provoking 
Toymakers Disappoint, Warn on Holidays The two top US toymakers posted disappointing third-quarter results on Monday, citing uncertainty in the economy and cautious retailers, and tempered expectations for the crucial holiday season.
Kmart Appoints Lewis New CEO, President The retailing company Kmart Holding Corp. has appointed Aylwin Lewis, formerly an executive at the restaurant operator Yum Brands Inc.
Delphi 3Q net loss narrowed Delphi Corp., the US largest auto parts supplier, said on Monday it has narrowed its third-quarter loss to \$114 million. The company also said it is going to find some extra ways to cut spending, as for instance, working with unions etc.
ALH extension buys time for all The battle for control of Australian Leisure  amp; Hospitality Group erupted into an unseemly free-for-all yesterday as Woolworths set a tight four-hour deadline for fund managers to deal themselves 
Odyssey Replaces Chief Amid Justice Department Probe (Update1) Odyssey HealthCare Inc., which operates 72 hospices in the US, replaced Chief Executive Officer David Gasmire amid a US Justice Department investigation of the company #39;s billing practices.
Healthscope sets sights on ailing Gribbles The board of The Gribbles Group is expected to decide within days whether to recommend that shareholders accept a takeover offer that values the diagnostics company at up to \$270 million 
UPDATE 1-Gilchrist rues rain ruining Madras  #39;classic #39; Australian captain Adam Gilchrist said he was disappointed rain forced the second test against India to be abandoned as a draw on the final day.
Pats do away with Seattle Indeed, the New England Patriots are never boring. Despite jumping out to a 17-0 first half lead over the Seattle Seahawks on Sunday, they still had to pull out their usual resolve 
Second India-Australia Test ends in draw after rain washes out &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The second cricket Test between India and Australia ended in a draw Monday after heavy rain washed out play on the fifth of five scheduled days, erasing any chance of an outcome in a delicately poised match.
Khartoum suggests federal system for Darfur Nairobi - The Sudanese government has said the best way to end the conflict in its western Darfur region may be to let the people there manage their own affairs.
US Request For British Redeployment Poses Dilemma For London The United States has made a controversial request to Britain to re-deploy some of its troops in Iraq. The request would involve moving hundreds of British troops from their relatively calm zone in southern 
Megawati offers a rude goodbye She rode into office three years ago on a wave of public adoration and high expectations, but as the sun sets on her troubled administration, Indonesian President Megawati 
Record-Tying Beltran Blasts Astros Into Tie  HOUSTON (Reuters) - Carlos Beltran's record-tying eighth  post-season home run capped the Houston Astros' 6-5 comeback  win over the St. Louis Cardinals to even the National League  Championship Series at two games apiece Sunday.
Pride, Prizes Aplenty to Play for as Year Nears Climax  LONDON (Reuters) - Although the grand slam silverware has  been doled out for the 2004 season there is still much pride  and prize money to play for as the tennis year creeps toward  its climax.
Rolls-Royce Boss Steps Down After 5 Months (AP) AP - Germany's BMW AG said Monday the head of its ultra-luxury Rolls-Royce car brand, Karl-Heinz Kalbfell, has resigned to take up "new responsibilities" outside the company, which has been struggling to meet its sales targets for the superluxury brand.
Nitties signals best yet to come NEWCASTLE #39;S golfing colt James Nitties held his nerve in the biggest poker game of his life yesterday to earn enough for a new car with his bold capture of second place at the Australian PGA Championship.
Stocks Fall on Unwelcome 3M Results, Oil  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks fell on Monday as oil  prices held near \$55 a barrel and Dow component 3M Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MMM.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;MMM.N&lt;/A&gt;  posted results slightly below Wall Street estimates.
Carter worried about US election (AFP) AFP - Former US president Jimmy Carter expressed fears that there could be vote cheating in battleground states in the US election on November 2.
Tupperware Posts Profit, Narrows '04 View  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Tupperware Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=TUP.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;TUP.N&lt;/A&gt; on Monday  posted a third-quarter profit versus break-even a year earlier,  helped by improved results outside North America.
Kmart Appoints Lewis New CEO, President The retailing company Kmart Holding Corp. has appointed Aylwin Lewis, formerly an executive at the restaurant operator Yum Brands Inc., as its new chief executive and president.
Update 3: Mattel #39;s 3Q Profits Fall on Lower Sales Mattel Inc., the world #39;s biggest toymaker, said Monday its third-quarter profit fell 5.2 percent due to lower worldwide sales of its flagship Barbie doll line and its Hot Wheels and Matchbox toy car brands.
Kmart names new president and CEO Lewis will also join the Kmart Board of Directors. He joins Kmart from YUM! Brands, Inc., where he was president, chief multi-branding and operating officer.
Thomson receives SEC subpoena NEW YORK (CBS.MW) -- Thomson Corp. #39;s Thomson Financial unit said it received a subpoena from the Securities and Exchange Commission requesting documents related to its Capital Markets Intelligence business.
Delphi Narrows Quarterly Net Loss Auto parts supplier Delphi Corp. (DPH.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Monday posted a smaller quarterly loss as lower restructuring charges offset the effects of North American 
Blue chips bruised 3M #39;s earnings miss and profit warning combines with higher crude prices to equal weak Dow. NEW YORK (CNN/Money) - Blue chips fell at the open Monday as investors took in another surge in oil prices and weaker-than-expected earnings from 3M.
Check Point jumps on higher revenue NEW YORK (CBS.MW) - Shares of Check Point Software Technologies climbed more than 12 percent early Monday after topping analysts #39; expectations for the third quarter with a 22 percent revenue rise.
MLB: Schilling cleared for Game 6 A test of his sore right ankle finds him ready to go, if Red Sox can win Game 5 today. BOSTON - Boston ace Curt Schilling was cleared to pitch a possible Game 6 of the AL Championship Series against the Yankees 
Who else but Els?! Wentworth, England, Oct 18 -- Ernie Els won the HSBC World Match Play title, the richest jackpot in golf, for a record sixth time, on his 35th birthday yesterday.
Sorenstam rallies for World victory PALM DESERT, Calif. While Annika Sorenstam rallied for a victory at the LPGA Samsung World Golf Tournament yesterday at Bighorn Golf Club, Michelle Wie entered the record book.
Bengals hit rock bottom There are no easy wins in the NFL, as every week is a new challenge. However, there are some games that are more winnable than others.
Google and Instant Messenger Google and Instant Messenger\\Google already dominates the search engine market, where once Yahoo! ruled users browser. With GMail and Google Desktop Search, they are entering prime time Microsoft domain. Speculation prevails that it will not be long before Google enters the instant messaging market. We have discussed before that Google ...
USC and Oklahoma earn Orange Bowl bids; Auburn squeezed out Philadelphia, PA (Sports Network) - Southern California and Oklahoma will meet for the national championship in the Orange Bowl on January 4 after the schools finished 1-2 in the final BCS standings released Sunday afternoon.
2 Macedonian Hostages Said Killed in Iraq Iraqis arrive at a destroyed car after a roadside bomb exploded on the highway leading to the airport of Baghdad, Iraq, Monday, Oct 18, 2004.
Choppers fight high-rise blaze MILITARY helicopters doused one of Venezuela #39;s tallest buildings with water yesterday, bringing under control a blaze that many feared would cause the tower to collapse.
Clash of the Titans - When Search Engines Collide Clash of the Titans - When Search Engines Collide\\Billions of pages going to trillions. Most of the information available online is replicated again and again, then twisted, corrupted and re-entered. When one search question retrieves one million answers, the system fails -- results have little or no value.\
A trio of television technologies AUSTRALIANS went into a television-buying frenzy the run-up to the Athens Olympics, suggesting that as a nation we could easily have scored a gold medal for TV purchasing.
SBC Offers Wi-Fi Service to DSL Users for \$1.99/mo  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - SBC Communications Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=SBC.N qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;SBC.N&lt;/A&gt; said  on Monday it would offer access to its network of 3,900 public  Wi-Fi Internet access points to its high-speed Internet  subscribers for \$1.99 per month.
Job Cuts in Tech Sector Soar, Report Finds  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The U.S. technology sector suffered  another round of widespread layoffs during the third quarter,  with computer firms slashing jobs most aggressively, a report  said on Monday.
MyDoom seeks to destroy antivirus firms In worm's latest version, authors ridicule rival worm Netsky and promise to attack Symantec, McAfee and others.
Gold Fields bid for Iamgold in doubt TORONTO - Iamgold Corp. shares dipped more than 13 per cent in early trading on Monday after Harmony Gold Mining Co. launched a takeover bid for Gold Fields Inc.
Odyssey Shares Plunge on 3Q Warning Odyssey Healthcare Inc., a hospice care provider, said Monday its chief executive resigned as the company warned third-quarter earnings will be below Wall Street #39;s expectations and revealed it is being investigated by the Department of Justice.
UPDATE 2-Check Point Software Q3 profit up, sees more growth Check Point Software Technologies Inc. (CHKP.O: Quote, Profile, Research) reported a rise in third-quarter net profit that beat Wall Street estimates on strong 
Modem to Connect With Speedy Cellular Tech (AP) AP - A top networking gear producer plans to offer a speedy new cellular technology that's an alternative to DSL and cable Internet access with the added advantage of being available on the road.
Media Center PCs may have found their time Maybe the third time will be the charm for Microsoft #39;s Windows XP Media Center Edition. Previous versions, released in 2002 and 2003, appealed to the early adopters among us.
IBM Introduces Powerful Servers IBM has introduced three new POWER5 processor-based servers that the company says outpace Sun and HP in performance records and establish a new standard for server virtualization capabilities.
Siemens Awarded Mobile Network Extension For Maxis in Malaysia Third 3G/UMTS order in Asia: Siemens awarded mobile network extension for Maxis in Malaysia Malaysias leading mobile operator, Maxis Communications Bhd.
Advertisements Insinuated Into Video Games (AP) AP - Roar down city streets in the upcoming "Need for Speed Underground 2" racing game and you'll see a Best Buy store amid the skyscrapers along with bright billboards hawking Cingular Wireless, Old Spice, and Burger King.
Long night worth the wait for Sox, fans The heart of Red Sox Nation is beating again. It #39;s beating thanks to David Ortiz #39;s two-run, walk-off homer in the 12th inning with no outs, giving the Red Sox a 6-4, come-from-behind win.
Loeb steers his way to world rally title France #39;s Sebastien Loeb stands on his Citroen and raises an arm in triumph after clinching the world rally championship title.
Vieira Misses Euro Clash Patrick Vieira will miss Arsenals Champions league match against Panathinaikos on Wednesday and is a major doubt for the clash with Manchester United at Old Trafford on Sunday.
Allardyce to be with Bolton for five more years Bolton, England (Sports Network) - Bolton rewarded coach Sam Allardyce with a new five-year-deal Monday. Allardyce, who has already been with Bolton for five years, turns 50 years old this week.
Cisco, Microsoft to Secure Networks (AP) AP - Their biggest clients hit hard by viruses, worms and other attacks, Microsoft Corp. and Cisco Systems Inc. said Monday that they plan to work together to help their corporate customers fight back.
New Crew Sets Off for Space Station A rocket carrying two Russian cosmonauts and an American astronaut to the international space station streaked into orbit on Thursday, the latest flight of a Russian space vehicle to fill in for grounded US shuttles.
Microsoft May Create Russian Hotmail (AP) AP - Microsoft Corp. is considering creating Russian versions of its Hotmail e-mail program and Microsoft Network online service, company CEO Steve Ballmer said in an interview published Monday.
SA  #39;contempt #39; for Aristide claim South Africa has rejected accusations that it let ex-leader Jean-Bertrand Aristide incite violence in Haiti from his place of exile in South Africa.
SBC Offers Wi-Fi Service to DSL Users for  #36;1.99/mo (Reuters) Reuters - SBC Communications Inc.  said\on Monday it would offer access to its network of 3,900 public\Wi-Fi Internet access points to its high-speed Internet\subscribers for  #36;1.99 per month.
In Praise of Job Killers (Forbes.com) Forbes.com - Dick Cheney would love our 200 growth companies (see p. 180)--they're small and they are (most of them, anyway) adding to their payrolls. The other day Cheney was singing the praises of small businesses by noting that they create seven of ten jobs in this country. This was by way of justifying tax breaks for the sort of people who own small businesses.
3M Profit Rises But Misses Estimates  CHICAGO (Reuters) - 3M Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MMM.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;MMM.N&lt;/A&gt; on Monday said  third-quarter earnings rose 17 percent due in part to the weak  dollar, but the diversified manufacturer's results came in  below Wall Street's estimates for the first time in at least  seven quarters.
Blue Chips Fall as 3M Results Disappoint  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. blue-chip stocks fell on Monday  as Dow component 3M Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MMM.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;MMM.N&lt;/A&gt; posted results slightly below  Wall Street estimates and oil prices held near \$55 a barrel.
Kerry Warns of Social Security Changes (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - COLUMBUS, Ohio, Oct, 17 -- John F. Kerry accused President Bush of having a secret, second-term plan to privatize Social Security starting in  January, telling a church audience Sunday that the idea is "a disaster for America's middle class."
Jazeera: Iraq Militants Kill Two Macedonia Hostages  DUBAI (Reuters) - A militant group in Iraq said it had  killed two Macedonian hostages it accused of spying for the  United States, Arabic television Al Jazeera reported Monday.
Pfizer Announces Major Trial for Celebrex Pfizer said today that it would sponsor a major clinical trial of Celebrex, its prescription arthritis pain medication, to further assess the cardiovascular safety of the drug.
Football: Mutu crisis talks  Adrian Mutu will meet his Chelsea bosses on Monday after allegations that he failed a drug test.
Beer gadget boost to water plants Technology used to check for diluted beer in kegs could soon be used to monitor water quality.
The Making of a Jazz Statesman Wynton Marsalis, the trumpet-playing star and artistic director of Jazz at Lincoln Center, has become an entity above and around the daily jazz world.
Kerry Tours Fla. Asking for Early Votes WEST PALM BEACH, Fla. - Democrat John Kerry said today President Bush was guilty of "arrogant boasting" about Iraq amid reports that the top U.S...
Stocks Fall As Oil Climbs Past \$55 Mark NEW YORK - Nervous investors sent stocks mostly lower Monday as a barrel of crude topped \$55 per barrel, yet another record. Only the Nasdaq composite index posted a meager gain...
Early Voters Turn Out in Florida WEST PALM BEACH, Fla. - With memories of 2000 and its bitter fight over ballots still fresh, citizens began casting votes Monday in this pivotal battleground state...
Anglicans Criticize U.S. Church on Gays LONDON - An Anglican church commission sharply criticized the U.S. Episcopal Church on Monday for consecrating a gay bishop and called on the Americans to apologize or risk losing some of their influence with sister churches worldwide...
Iraq's Shadow Ruler When Ayatullah Sistani speaks, millions obey. Can the conscience of\the nation make it safe for democracy?
Taking the Battle to the Enemy U.S. and Iraqi forces launch high-risk probes of the insurgency in Fallujah and Ramadi. A TIME exclusive
After Gitmo, Back to Terror Detainees who've been released, only to join up again with anti-U.S. forces
World #39;s biggest gold firm - South African gold producer: Business India: South African gold producer Harmony has bid to take over larger rival Gold Fields, a merger that would create the world #39;s biggest gold producer.
Tough Times In Toyland As Mattel Posts Lower Profits EL SEGUNDO, Calif. -- Toy maker Mattel said Monday that third-quarter earnings fell slightly on lower worldwide sales of its Barbie, Matchbox and Hot Wheels brands.
Walkout goes on as GM job-cut talks begin RUESSELSHEIM - Top Opel management and labour officials began talks Monday on the plans by General Motors to axe 10,000 jobs at the carmaker, while workers at one of the company #39;s main plants in Bochum continued a walkout.
BMW #39;s Rolls-Royce unit head resigns; CFO named interim head LONDON, October 18 (newratings.com) - German automotive giant, BMW (BMW.ETR), has announced the resignation of its Rolls-Royce luxury cars unit head, Karl-Heinz Kalbfell, who had assumed his position just five months ago.
Not so fast, panel orders Bruandwo IN ordering a one-week extension of its takeover bid for Australian Leisure  amp; Hospitality last night, the Takeovers Panel clearly considers that Bruandwo, with its adviser UBS, has been too clever in seeking to defeat its rival joint bidder, CMM Hotel  amp; 
Countering the Harmony offer for Gold Fields JOHANNESBURG (Mineweb.com) --While the dust is still settling lets take a look at some of the arguments Gold Fields might start putting up to persuade its shareholders of the poverty of the Harmony bid.
Kmart Appoints New CEO Aylwin Lewis, (pictured, left) formerly of Yum Brands Inc., will take over for Julian Day. Day was appointed in January 2003, when the company was in bankruptcy.
SEC investigates Thomson Financial unit (Stamford-AP, Oct. 18, 2004 10:40 AM) _ Stamford-based Thomson Financial says on of its units is being investigated by the Securities and Exchange Commission.
IBM  #39;stirs up the field #39; with P5 servers In a move which industry watchers predict will  quot;stir up quot; the high-end computing market, IBM today introduced three servers based on its latest Power5 processor architecture: the eServer i5 595, p5 595 and p5 590.
Micron plans China plant MICRON Technology, the worlds number two maker of computer memory chips, is planning to build its first plant in China by 2005.
Mutu Jets in for Crisis Talks with Chelsea By Adrian Curtis, PA Sport and Cindy Garcia-Bennett, PA International. Adrian Mutu is heading for talks about his Chelsea future with manager Jose Mourinho today following allegations that he has tested positive for a banned substance.
Arsenal Beats Aston Villa 3-1 in Premiership to Extend Lead Robert Pires scored twice as Arsenal beat Aston Villa 3-1 in English soccer #39;s Premiership to extend its advantage in the standings to five points.
Brazilian Grand Prix Fact File - the 700th F1 GP As its name suggests, Interlagos was located between two lakes when the circuit was built in the 1940s. Today, however, the setting is no longer as picturesque, with the sprawling city now extending almost up to the circuit #39;s crash barriers.
Hoon confirms US request for troops America has requested the assistance of UK troops in Iraq, which would involve British soldiers operating outside the UK-controlled southern sector of Iraq, the defence secretary confirmed today.
United States Marines begin raids on Fallujah US Marines launched air and ground attacks yesterday on the rebel bastion Fallujah after city representatives suspended peace talks with the government over Prime Minister Iyad Allawi #39;s demand to hand over terror mastermind Abu Musab Zarqawi.
Sudan #39;s Darfur  #39;safer than Iraq #39; Sudan #39;s government has said it had handled the Darfur crisis better than the United States had dealt with Iraq. Foreign Minister Mustafa Osman Ismael told the BBC that US leaders were trying to use Darfur 
Aussie alive after capture in Iraq AUSTRALIAN journalist John Martinkus is lucky to be alive after spending 24 hours in the hands of Iraqi militants at the weekend. Martinkus was in Baghdad working for the SBS Dateline TV current affairs program 
Arab TV reports militants execute two Macedonian hostages in Iraq BAGHDAD, Iraq According to Arab TV, Iraqi militants say they #39;ve killed two Macedonian hostages. Al-Jazeera broadcast a videotape showing the two men holding identification.
Neighbourhood watch PRIME Minister John Howard flies to Indonesia today for the inauguration of Indonesia #39;s newly-elected President, Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono.
Delphi report quarterly loss Delphi Corp. today reported third quarter revenues of \$6.65 billion, and a net loss of \$114 million or a loss of \$0.20 per share. Excluding the impact of previously announced restructuring charges, Delphi 
Ferguson Offers Rooney Helping Hand Sir Alex Ferguson is confident he can keep Wayne Rooneys feet firmly on the ground despite his sensational Champions League debut.
Putin backs Bush in US poll Russian President Vladimir Putin has warned terrorist attacks in Iraq and around the world will increase if George W Bush is not re-elected in next month #39;s presidential poll.
Sony takes on iPod with new hard disk Walkman Sony Corp has unveiled its first MP3-compatible, hard disk Walkman music player in an attempt to recover ground lost to Apple Computers iPod.
Yum Brands Names New Operating Chief Fast-food restaurant operator Yum Brands Inc. on Monday named David Deno chief operating officer, replacing Aylwin Lewis, who resigned to become president and chief executive of Kmart Holding Corp.
Is Marsh #39;s board responsible for its troubles? The company is wrestling with its third scandal in just over a year, raising questions about whether board members were doing an adequate job.
US Airways Boosts Flight Schedule US Airways Group Inc. said Monday that it will restructure its flight schedule beginning Feb. 6, 2005, adding 230 more daily flights without acquiring additional aircraft.
UPDATE 2-Odyssey warns of weak quarter, CEO resigns Odyssey Healthcare Inc. (ODSY.O: Quote, Profile, Research) on Monday warned of an earnings shortfall, announced the resignation of its chief executive and said it was the subject 
Thomson Financial Receives Subpoena From US SEC (Update2) Thomson Financial, a unit of financial information provider Thomson Corp., said it received a subpoena from the US Securities and Exchange Commission for documents related to its capital markets intelligence business.
JBoss unveils workflow engine This fourth priority #39;s main focus has been enterprise directories as organizations spawn projects around identity infrastructure.
Malaysia Maxis, Siemens Sign 3G Technology Deal KUALA LUMPUR (Dow Jones)--Maxis Communications Bhd. Monday signed an agreement for Siemens Mobile Networks, Asia Pacific to provide third-generation, or 3G, technology for the Malaysian mobile phone operator over the next three years.
Mobile phone use linked to benign tumors STOCKHOLM - Oct. 15, 2004 -en or more years of mobile phone use increases the risk of a rare type of non-cancerous tumor according to a new study.
Poll: Antiterror tech plans are flawed Americans don #39;t believe the government is doing enough with technology to improve homeland security, according to a national survey conducted jointly by CNET News.
Aging rock star uses Opterons to make platter A MAN WHO made money making rock music a long time ago has recorded a long playing record using a dual Opteron workstation. AMD said that Mark Knopfler,a hack 
NLCS: Down to a best-of-three HOUSTON (Ticker) -- Now that they have used up their two pitching stars to even the National League Championship Series at two games apiece, the Houston Astros must turn to the back end of their rotation in a crucial Game Five vs.
Australia Gives Cricketers Holiday Before Third Test in India Australia #39;s cricketers, seeking a first Test series win in India for 35 years, will take four days off to ease fatigue before the third match next Tuesday.
United Missing Key Duo Manchester United will be without key duo Rio Ferdinand and Roy Keane for their Champions League tie away to Sparta Prague. Sir Alex Ferguson #39;s side travel to the Czech capital looking to put their inconsistent 
Seahawks outclassed Still lacking in the Patriots #39; 5-0 start is a wire-to-wire performance of consistent quality. But who #39;s to quibble? A win is a win -- even when the head coach 
Palestinians in plea to UK over peace process The Palestinian foreign minister, Nabil Shaath, today called on Britain to fill the gap in the Middle East peace process left as the US focuses on next month #39;s presidential election.
White House: Trying to Confirm Terror Group #39;s Allegiance to bin &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The Bush administration says it #39;s trying to confirm the latest declaration from the most feared militant group in Iraq. In a statement posted on a Web site Sunday, the group led by terror mastermind Abu Musab 
France, Spain Veto Controversial Migrant Camp Plan France and Spain moved Monday to sink a controversial Italian-German plan to create holding centers in North Africa for would-be refugees.
Castroneves Wins Chevy 500 but Gets Docked (AP) AP - While his Brazilian buddy got to climb the fence after finally winning another race, Tony Kanaan completed a more impressive feat in his IndyCar Series championship season. Kanaan finished all 3,305 laps, the last 200 Sunday in the season-ending Chevy 500 at Texas Motor Speedway where he was second behind Helio Castroneves.
Rams' Jackson Probably Out Against Bucs (AP) AP - St. Louis defensive lineman Tyoka Jackson is doubtful for the Monday night game against the Tampa Bay Buccaneers, for whom he played for five seasons, because of a pulled left hamstring. By his count he'd missed only one practice in his career before getting hurt.
Glazer Increases Manchester United Stake (AP) AP - Tampa Bay Buccaneers owner Malcolm Glazer confirmed Monday that he had increased his stake in Manchester United to more than 25 percent.
US bishop 'regret' over gay split The head of the US Episcopal Church expresses 'regret' over the appointment of a gay Anglican bishop.
Google Desktop Last Thursday Google released a version of its online search for your computer. I wanted to test-drive it before reporting. Knowing the excruciating delays using Windows Search, I can say after only a weekend 
Delphi takes \$114M loss in 3Q Automotive supplier Delphi Corp. (NYSE: DPH) posted a \$114 million third quarter loss, which the company said reflects lower North American vehicle production and higher material costs.
Woolworths ordered to extend ALH takeover deadline An independent takeovers panel has headed off Woolworths #39; attempts to force a resolution in the takeover battle for liquor retailer Australian Leisure and Hospitality (ALH).
Yuganskneftegaz start price may equal Yukos debt Moscow. (Interfax) - The start price for common shares in Yukos production subsidiary OAO Yuganskneftegaz at auction may be the same as the debt owed by Yukos, a source familiar with a draft agreement between 
Intel on the Outs? In yet another devastating body blow to the company, Intel (Nasdaq: INTC) announced it would be canceling its 4-GHz Pentium chip. The semiconductor bellwether said it was switching 
JBoss takes on business process management JBoss (Profile, Products, Articles) Inc. has added business process management (BPM) to its growing roster of open source software.
Siemens awarded 2G/3G network extension in Malaysia Malaysia #39;s Maxis Communications Bhd. (Maxis) has selected Siemens as one of its 2G and 3G/UMTS infrastructure suppliers. Under the terms of the three- year framework contract, the Siemens Communications Group 
Rains force draw in India-Australia 2nd Test: Sports India, Cricket: Chennai, Oct 18 : Rains Monday poured water on India #39;s hopes of winning the second Test against Australia as the fifth and final day #39;s play was washed out at the MA Chidambaram Stadium here.
SBC Offers \$1.99 Per Month Wi-Fi Add-On SBC Communications Inc., the second-largest local phone company in the United States, said Monday it will offer wireless Internet service for \$1.
Finance stocks take trading lower Axa Asia Pacific was the hardest hit, falling 35c - or 8.5 per cent -o \$3.75 after rejecting a bid by French parent Axa SA, which had offered \$4.
Kmart appoints Lewis new CEO, president The retailing company Kmart Holding Corp. has appointed Aylwin Lewis, formerly an executive at the restaurant operator Yum Brands Inc.
US Airways flight changes emphasize Philadelphia, Charlotte US Airways said Monday it will change its flight schedules in February to increase departures at its Charlotte and Philadelphia hubs and create a minihub in Fort Lauderdale, Fla.
Rolls-Royce Boss Steps Down After 5 Months BERLIN - Germany #39;s BMW AG said Monday the head of its ultra-luxury Rolls-Royce car brand, Karl-Heinz Kalbfell, has resigned to take up  quot;new responsibilities quot; outside the company, which has been struggling to meet its sales targets for the superluxury brand 
Jobs House One Step Closer to Moving; Preservationists to Object After months of wrangling over a 78-year-old, 17,000-square-foot mansion in southern California Apple CEO Steve Jobs doesn #39;t want, it appears someone is willing to 
Snake Released In US Next Month US fans of the Metal Gear Solid series can at last start counting down the days till the release of Snakes next adventure, as Konami confirm that Metal Gear Solid 3: Snake Eater will be released in the US on November 17th.
American Football: Patriots extend NFL winning streak to 20 games FOXBORO, United States : The New England Patriotshave have extended their National Football League winning streak to 20 games with a 30-20 victory over the Seattle Seahawks.
Paris Weighs Shift to Linux from Microsoft International Data Corp. said growth in demand for Linux servers in Europe is expected to almost double by 2008. Microsoft is fighting back by cutting prices and through publicity campaigns that claim that 
Soviet-style Belarus election  #39;flawed #39; Attempts by Balarus #39; president to change the constitution to allow him to run for a third term have been dubbed flawed by a poll observer group.
Israelis Kill 5 Palestinians; Sharon Under Pressure (Reuters) Reuters - Israeli troops killed five Palestinian\militants in gun battles Monday as Prime Minister Ariel Sharon\sought to dampen rising pressure for a referendum on his plan\to withdraw from occupied Gaza.
Anger Management (Forbes.com) Forbes.com - We all want to get our way with those toll-free customer service reps. But if you've ever wondered whether it's better to drip honey or cuss bitterly while you're being "recorded for quality-assurance purposes," here's your answer: It's okay to throw a hissy fit.
Advani takes over as BJP chief (Reuters) Reuters - The Hindu nationalist Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) brought back hardline leader Lal Krishna Advani as party chief on Monday after last week's loss in state elections in the major industrial state of Maharashtra.
Commons accepts throne speech amendment, avoids confidence vote (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - OTTAWA (CP) - The House of Commons has agreed to accept a Conservative amendment to the throne speech, avoiding a showdown that threatened Paul Martin's minority government.
3M Profit Misses Wall Street Estimates  CHICAGO (Reuters) - 3M Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MMM.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;MMM.N&lt;/A&gt; on Monday reported a 17  percent rise in third-quarter earnings due in part to the weak  dollar, but the diversified manufacturer's results fell short  of Wall Street's estimates for the first time in nearly four  years, sending shares down 5 percent.
Select Medical to Go Private, Shares Soar  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Select Medical Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=SEM.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;SEM.N&lt;/A&gt;, which  operates acute care hospitals, said on Monday it struck a deal  to be taken private in a \$2.3 billion buyout led by a private  equity group, sending shares soaring 23 percent.
Belgium rounds on former colony Belgium's foreign minister criticises politicians in the DR Congo over the country's slow transition to democracy.
US Airways Changes Stress Philadelphia, Charlotte US Airways said Monday it will change its flight schedules in February to increase departures at its Charlotte and Philadelphia hubs and create a minihub in Fort Lauderdale, Fla.
Kerry Accuses Bush of Mismanaging Iraq War WEST PALM BEACH, Fla. - Democrat John Kerry said Monday that President Bush sent troops into war without necessary equipment and accused the commander in chief of "arrogant boasting that he's done everything right in Iraq."  "Mr...
U.S.: Too Early to Tell Iraq Unit's Fate BAGHDAD, Iraq - The U.S. military said Monday no decision had been made on whether to discipline Army reservists who refused a supply mission last week, despite statements from their relatives that the soldiers would be discharged...
Yankees Look to Close Out Red Sox BOSTON - About 15 hours after avoiding a sweep by beating the New York Yankees in 12 innings, the Boston Red Sox send Pedro Martinez to the mound Monday for Game 5 of the AL championship series in Boston. Martinez (16-9) faces Mike Mussina (12-9), trying to force the series back to New York...
Hostile Bid Made to Create World's Largest Gold Company Harmony Gold Mining's hostile bid today to acquire buy Gold sparked what is certain to be a bitter takeover battle.
Online Travel: The Race Is On! Booking trips on the Web will only get easier, thanks to the ambitions of two business titans
Spitzer Strikes Again New York's attorney general is attacking the insurance business -- and a high-profile CEO
Q A: Red Hat exec talks of challenges to open source The biggest challenge for the open source community is that there are too few open source developers, according to Michael Tiemann, vice president of Open Source Affairs at Red Hat Inc.
Australian stocks: Stocks close lower on banks, insurers SYDNEY- Australian shares fell 0.3 per cent on Monday, led down by insurer Axa Asia Pacific after it ended buyout talks with its French parent and by a weaker banking sector on concerns over higher interest rates.
Google Ogles Your Hard Drive The company that revolutionized the search of the Internet has now revolutionized searching your hard drive. Google #39;s (Nasdaq: GOOG) new Desktop Search utility is an incredibly 
3M says profits surges, fails to impress market NEW YORK : US technology group 3M, which makes everything from sticky Post-it notes to medical products, announced a surge in profits but failed to impress the markets.
Sirius gains on Ford deal Shares of Sirius Satellite Radio Inc. rose on news that Ford Motor Co. will be installing the service at its factories for the first time.
IBM launches top-end Power5 servers IBM has filled out the top end of its eServer range with three multiple-processor systems aimed at datacentres and large enterprise clients.
Humax Debuts TiVo Powered DRT800 DVR Humax USA in its partnership with TiVo are introducting the new Humax DRT800 DVD recorder with TiVo service. For \$399 (after \$100 rebate), the Humax DVD recorder with TiVo is available from nationwide retailers 
 #39;Sharon intent on tearing Israel in two #39; Prime Minister Ariel Sharon is leading the nation to a split that could end up as a civil war, and refuses to even consider taking steps that would maintain 
Al-Zarqawi group claims allegiance to bin Laden A statement attributed to Abu Musab al-Zarqawi #39;s militant group declared allegiance to al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden on Sunday.
Tripoli summit rejects intervention in Darfur In conclusion of its works, the African summit held in Tripoli, Libya, stressed rejection to any foreign intervention concerning the issue of Darfur in being a mere African issue.
Ford to expand Sirius Satellite Radio offerings NEW YORK - Ford Motor Co. plans to expand the availability of satellite radio from Sirius Satellite Radio Inc. to more of its vehicles, the companies said Monday.
Pressure on Buttiglione over Single Mums Jibe Italys blunder-prone Rocco Buttiglione was under increasing pressure today to spare himself the sack and step down voluntarily from his new job as European Commissioner in charge of civil liberties.
China's Huawei to supply Spain's Telefonica (AFP) AFP - China's Huawei group has signed a deal to supply the Brazilian and Chilean subsidiaries of Spanish telecoms giant Telefonica with highspeed Internet routers, financial daily Expansion revealed.
AOL Tests Desktop Search (PC World) PC World - Upcoming browser will feature tools for finding files on your PC.
Croatia to set new tender for mobile license after Tele2 bid rejected (AFP) AFP - Croatia will call a new international tender for a third mobile telecommunications license after authorities refused an offer from a Croatian-Swedish consortium.
Microsoft Shows Small Business Software (PC World) PC World - New Navision 4.0 application includes financial, e-commerce, and CRM tools.
NASA Says Switches May Have Caused Genesis Crash (Reuters) Reuters - Problems with switches aboard NASA's\Genesis solar probe may have kept its parachute from opening,\which led to the craft's crash-landing in the Utah desert, the\U.S. space agency said.
Prime Minister Martin says the Defence Department will get more money (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - OTTAWA (CP) - Prime Minister Paul Martin says the Defence Department will get more money even as its expenditures are examined.
Job Cuts in Tech Sector Soar, Report Finds The U.S. technology sector suffered another round of widespread layoffs during the third quarter, with computer firms slashing jobs most aggressively, a report said on Monday. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-Reuters&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Report condemns Gaza demolitions Israel's demolition of Palestinian homes is illegal and militarily unjustified, claims a report by Human Right Watch.
Briefly: BEA mobilizes corporate data roundup Plus: Web services outfits merge...Microsoft sets holiday Xbox bundle...PalmSource settles Digeo patent suit...Maxtor loses its CFO, again.
BEA mobilizes corporate data Java software provider releases a product designed to simplify the task of sending back-office information to mobile devices.
JBoss unveils work flow engine The product represents the next stage in the company's strategy to build a full open-source middleware stack.\
Harmony Gold #39;s share price under pressure The share price of Harmony Gold came under pressure today, dipping some 8 after announcing a hostile bid for Gold Fields to create the world #39;s biggest gold producer.
Oil hits 55 dollars in electronic Crude oil prices briefly rose above 55 dollars a barrel today, as traders continue to worry about supply ahead of winter. Crude for November delivery hit 55 dollars, 33 cents 
Union warns of Vauxhall job cuts Carmarker Vauxhall is to cut 434 jobs across two UK plants, the Transport and General Workers #39; Union has said. The union said 340 jobs are to go at the company #39;s Ellesmere Port facility, and a further 94 at its site in Luton.
Elan dismisses merger speculation In response to a specific Irish Stock Exchange query made today, Elan Corporation, plc has advised that it is not in negotiations ordiscussions with Biogen Idec, Inc.
Forest Laboratories 2Q Earnings Rise Pharmaceutical maker Forest Laboratories Inc. on Monday said second-quarter earnings rose 60 percent as sales grew for its principal brands, and the company raised its fiscal 2005 earnings guidance.
Kelly becomes president of Sprint Consumer Solutions Kelly, 45, was senior vice president of Sprint Consumer Solutions, with overall responsibility for marketing, product development, advertising, strategic planning and business development.
USC and Miami Atop First BCS Standings (AP) AP - Southern California took the top spot Monday in the season's first Bowl Championship Series standings, but surprisingly Miami is ahead of Oklahoma in a close race for the second spot.
Cisco, Microsoft team up on network access security OCTOBER 18, 2004 (COMPUTERWORLD) - Network giant Cisco Systems Inc. and Microsoft Corp. today announced a collaborative effort to bridge a divide between their emerging network access security architectures.
FCC Rules To Allow Broadband via Power Lines The Federal Communications Commission has made changes to its regulations that will allow power companies to provide broadband services over electric lines.
Increased Tumor Risk for Mobile Phone Users  quot;For years, scientists have been trying, without success, to find a link between higher incidences of cancer and the electromagnetic fields produced high voltage power lines.
Sooners surprisingly sit third in BCS Standings Southern California and Miami are 1-2 in the initial BCS Standings with Oklahoma -- despite being ranked second in both the ESPN/USA Today and AP polls -- third.
UK considers US demands for military assistance in Iraq British Defense Secretary Geoff Hoonconfirmed on Monday that the British government was considering the US request to deploy troops outside the British-controlled southern sector 
Belarus vote significantly short of democratic standards MINSK - Legislative elections in Belarus held at the same time as a referendum on whether President Alexander Lukashenko should be allowed to seek a third term fell significantly short of democratic standards, foreign observers said here Monday.
Fire races through 16 floors CARACAS - A huge fire ripped through more than 16 floors of Venezuela #39;s highest tower, in a Caracas complex housing dozens of Government ministries and state agencies, but there were no casualties, officials said.
SanDisk sues STMicroelectronics Company files patent infringement lawsuit and asks trade commission to halt shipment of rival's flash memory into United States.
Microsoft Shows Small Business Software New Navision 4.0 application includes financial, e-commerce, and CRM tools.
N. Korea's No. 2 Encourages Nuke Dialogue (AP) AP - North Korea's No. 2 leader said Monday that his country still wants to settle the dispute over its nuclear program through dialogue, as China tried to cajole the North back into stalled six-nation talks, calling for flexibility by all sides.
Russia invites foreign Yukos bids Overseas firms may be allowed to bid for the key asset of under fire Russian oil firm Yukos, the Kremlin says.
Biotech's 5 Baggers How can yesterday's biotech winners lead you to today's top performers?" /&gt;  &lt;meta name="keywords" content="charly travers rule breakers biotech eln elan imclone imcl sepracor sepr" /&gt;  &lt;meta name="tickers" content="NASDAQ-BIIB; NASDAQ-IMCL; NASDAQ-SEPR; NYSE-ELN; NYSE-WYE; NYSE-BMY; BIIB; IMCL; SEPR; ELN; WYE; BMY" /&gt;  &lt;meta name="summary" content="" /&gt;  &lt;meta name="author" content="Charly Travers" /&gt;  &lt;meta name="date" content="2004-10-18T12:21-04:00" /&gt;  &lt;meta name="language" content="en-us" /&gt;  &lt;meta name="STORY_UID" content="/USMF_Content/datasource/commentary/centerized/2004/__Commentary10182004ct.xml" /&gt;  &lt;meta name="expiration" content="Date  12 months" /&gt;  &lt;meta name="articletype" content="Investing"/&gt;  &lt;meta name="contenttype" content="a" /&gt;  &lt;title&gt;Fool.com: Biotech's 5 Baggers Commentary October 18, 2004&lt;/title&gt;  &lt;script language="JavaScript
Google Ogles Your Hard Drive The company's Desktop Search utility is an impressive way to find information on your computer.
Iraq to Widen Arms Amnesty Iraq's interim government will declare\a nationwide arms amnesty next week, but insists the city of Fallujah must turn in foreign militants or face assault,
U.S. Appeals WTO Rule on Cotton Subsidies The United States on Monday lodged a formal appeal against a ruling that ordered it to withdraw some of its subsidies for producers of cotton and other commodities, trade officials said.
News: Watch out, there's a scammer about The British government has unveiled a new website to help punters "wise up to scams".\
General Motors Opel Factory Car Production Halted (Update3) General Motors Corp. workers in Bochum, Germany, halted production for a fifth day to protest the company #39;s plans to slash a fifth of the workforce in Europe.
Wi-Fi Service Bundled With DSL By SBC SBC Communications Inc., one of the nation #39;s largest telephone companies, introduced Wi-Fi service for business and residential DSL customers, giving them access to 3,900 hot-spots for \$1.
New Microsoft software targets small companies Microsoft launched a new software product aimed at small and midsize businesses on Monday to strengthen its position in a fragmented market it sees as ripe for growth.
HK firms clash over VoIP HONG KONG: A legal row between Hong Kong #39;s dominant fixed-line phone company and an industry newcomer speaks volumes about how Internet phone calls are rapidly changing the telecoms world.
Tampa Bay vs. St Louis ST. LOUIS (Ticker) -- A pair of emotionally charged teams meet Monday night when the Tampa Bay Buccaneers visit the St. Louis Rams.
Police break up rally protesting Belarus referendum Police in Minsk broke up a 1,000-strong crowd demonstrating against a referendum that approved allowing Belarussian President Alexander Lukashenko to stay in power for another term, a Reuters witness said.
Economic Agenda Europe at mercy of a bank driving blind IT IS said that there are three kinds of organisation: those that make things happen; those that watch things happen; and those that wonder what happened.
Special Apple music event planned for Oct. 26 (MacCentral) MacCentral - Select members of the press on Monday received an invitation to to a special Apple event taking place at the California Theatre in San Jose, Calif. The theme of the event would appear to be musically-related and is capitalizing on Apple's recently unveiled iPod and iTunes Music Store promotion with legendary rock band U2, judging from the invitation received by MacCentral. "Steve Jobs, Bono and The Edge invite you to attend a special event," reads the top of the invitation. The invitation-only event is scheduled to take place at 10AM Pacific Time on October 26, 2004.
Robbie album sold on memory card Singer Robbie Williams' greatest hits album is to be sold on a memory card for mobile phones.
Scientists maintain fish concern Fisheries scientists urge zero catches for cod in 2005 in the North Sea, the Irish Sea and west of Scotland.
Bad medicine? CNN/Money #39;s Stock Spotlight: Is now the right time to add Pfizer to your portfolio? By Andrew Stein, CNN/money staff writer. NEW YORK (CNN/Money) - Drug stocks are supposed to be the ultimate defensive plays in an uncertain economy.
Microsoft, Cisco Shake on Network Security In a deal sure to bring smiles to the faces of enterprise security pros, Microsoft (Quote, Chart) and Cisco Systems plan to integrate technologies and push for an industry standard to power network security and health policy compliance.
UPDATE 2-Star Gas suspends payout, may seek bankruptcy Star Gas Partners LP (SGH.N: Quote, Profile, Research) (SGU.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Monday said it has suspended distributions on its common partnership units and warned it may have to seek bankruptcy protection unless 
PeopleSoft Product Exec Follows CEO Out the Door OCTOBER 18, 2004 (COMPUTERWORLD) - Just two weeks after PeopleSoft Inc. ousted former CEO Craig Conway, the business applications vendor said that another top executive -- Ram Gupta, who had been executive 
Amphibians face extinction Washington - About one third of amphibians are under threat of extinction, according to researchers who carried out a global census.
Two runners die during Beijing International marathon: Sports India: Beijing, Oct 18 : Two runners, including a college student and a senior citizen, died and eleven others were admitted to hospitals during the Beijing international marathon, state media reported today.
Patriots are just ... well ... different FOXBORO The Patriots #39; minds and bodies hum along at a higher frequency than that which the 31 topsy-turvy teams occupying the rest of the NFL tune into.
Fallujah negotiator refuses to resume talks The negotiator for the militant Shiite stronghold of Fallujah was freed from US custody today but refused to resume peace talks. Sheik Khaled al-Jumeili said they will remain suspended as a protest against 
African Union Summit meeting for peace in Darfur opens in Tripoli A mini summit opened on Sunday night in Tripoli where the situation in Darfur was discussed. The Libyan leader, Muammar Qadhafi, had invited the presidents of Egypt, Chad, Sudan and Nigeria as well as the 
Two Macedonians executed in Iraq: al-Jazeera A militant group in Iraq claimedthat it had executed two Macedonians accused of spying for USforces, pan-Arab al-Jazeera TV reported Monday.
North Korea #39;s number two leader in China amid pessimism over &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; BEIJING (AFP) - A North Korean delegation headed by the Stalinist state #39;s number two leader arrived in China amid faltering attempts to resolve the standoff over the North #39;s nuclear weapons program.
Final instalment of Dogville trilogy years away: Lars von Trier (AFP) AFP - Danish filmmaker Lars von Trier, who is currently filming the sequel to his 2003 movie Dogville starring Nicole Kidman, said the final instalment of his American trilogy was years away from hitting screens.
Printers betray document secrets US scientists have found a way to indentify exactly which desktop printer produced which document.
Voters Begin Casting Early Ballots in Florida With memories of 2000 and its bitter fight over ballots still fresh, citizens began casting votes in the pivotal swing state.
Iraqi Premier Plans Expansion of Arms Handover Program Prime Minister Ayad Allawi of Iraq said today that a weapons-for-cash program in Baghdad would be expanded nationwide.
Legal Cloud Lingers for Rosa Parks Rosa Parks, who helped set off the American civil rights movement, is at the center of a legal controversy that her relatives say could forever taint her legacy.
USC and Miami Atop First BCS Standings Southern California took the top spot Monday in the season's first Bowl Championship Series standings, but surprisingly Miami is ahead of Oklahoma in a close race for the second spot.    Oklahoma is No...
Buy It at Your Local Sony Store Few people took notice when Sony opened a tiny storefront last year here at South Coast Plaza, a swanky mall south of Los Angeles.
Microsoft, Cisco Partner On Network-Access Security The vendors will collaborate on their approaches to PC quarantines, but Microsoft #39;s Network Access Protection gets delayed by more than a year.
Russia invites foreign Yukos bids Foreign investors may be allowed to bid for the key oil producing subsidiary of embattled Russian oil firm Yukos. Moscow authorities are forcing the sale of Yuganskneftegas, which accounts for 60 of the firm #39;s 
3M drags down Dow Component #39;s weaker results and profit warning weigh on Dow. Slight ease in oil prices helps. NEW YORK (CNN/Money) - An earnings miss and profit warning from 3M kept the Dow in the red Monday morning, but the 
IBM Adds 64-Way pSeries, iSeries OCTOBER 18, 2004 (COMPUTERWORLD) - IBM last week completed its lineup of servers based on its Power5 chips by adding high-end pSeries and iSeries models that can support up to 64 processors, double the previous threshold for CPUs.
Intel cancels plans for 4GH P4 In the latest change to its product line-up, Intel has cancelled plans to release a 4-gigahertz computer microprocessor, saying it would rely approaches besides faster clock speed to improve the performance of chips.
IBM Adds High-End, Midrange Disk Arrays OCTOBER 18, 2004 (COMPUTERWORLD) - NEW YORK -- IBM last week unveiled two new enterprise-class disk arrays. One is aimed at the high end and one at midrange environments, but both have compatible software 
FIFA keep tabs on Mutu case FIFA will keep a watchful eye on the Adrian Mutu case to ensure the Football Association impose a minimum six-month ban on the Chelsea striker should claims that he has tested positive for cocaine be proven.
Canada #39;s richest worth over 100 billion US dollars Canada #39;s richest people are richer than ever, as the Canada #39;s 100 wealthiest people have a total net worth over 100 billion US dollars, up by about 7.2 billion US dollars from 
Iraq extends weapons amnesty Iraq #39;s interim government says it will extend the weapons handover program for Sadr City, a Baghdad slum rife with anti-US sentiments, and will soon extend the arms amnesty program nationwide.
UPDATE: Harmony In \$8.24 Bln Share Bid For Gold Fields JOHANNESBURG (Dow Jones)--Consolidation in the gold mining sector was shaken awake Monday as Harmony Gold Mining Co. (HMY), the world #39;s sixth-biggest producer by output, launched 
Update 9: Oil Prices Nosedive on Profit-Taking Oil prices fell sharply on Monday in what traders described as a wave of profit-taking sparked by a steep decline in gasoline futures.
Woolworths ups bid for ALH, Coles buys time SYDNEY: Australian supermarket giant Woolworths raised its bid for pubs chain ALH to A\$1.2bn (\$898m) on Monday, but rival Coles Myer played for time by winning a deadline extension.
Chambers: Cisco CEO Teams With Bill Gates To Combat Hackers Chief Executive John Chambers and Chief Software Architect Bill Gates may have different leadership styles. And their firms certainly specialize in disparate aspects of the computer-Internet spectrum.
UPDATE 2-Kmart names Yum marketing maven as CEO Kmart Holding Corp. (KMRT.O: Quote, Profile, Research) on Monday named a new president and chief executive in a move that could signal the start of a campaign to revamp the discount retailer #39;s image.
Microsoft Upgrades Navision ERP Suite The vendor says the upgraded software is easier to use and helps companies control finances. By Laurie Sullivan. Microsoft on Monday announced the first major upgrade to the enterprise-resource-planning suite it acquired when it bought Navision in 2002.
USC and Miami Atop First BCS Standings Southern California #39;s quarterback Matt Leinart celebrates as he leaves the field after their 45-7 win against Arizona State in Los Angles on Saturday, Oct. 16, 2004.
IRL : La der pour Castroneves Le Brsilien Helio Castroneves a remport la course dIndyCar Series de Fort Worth, dernire manche de la saison, dimanche. Son compatriote Tony Kanaan, 2e, tait dj assur du titre.
South Africa Rejects Charges of Allowing Aristide to Incite &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; South Africa has rejected charges that it is allowing ousted Haitian leader Jean-Bertrand Aristide to organize violence in the Caribbean country while he stays in South Africa.
Jazeera: Iraq Militants Kill Two Macedonia Hostages A militant group in Iraq said it had killed two Macedonian hostages it accused of spying for the United States, Arabic television Al Jazeera reported Monday.
Effect of single-parent families roils EU The European Union #39;s incoming Security and Justice Commissioner has criticized child-rearing by a single parent, the Times of London said Monday.
Yum Replaces Chief Operating Officer (LOUISVILLE, Ky., October 18th, 2004, 1:30 pm) -- Yum Brands Incorporated has named David Deno as chief operating officer as the restaurant operator looked within its ranks to replace a departing top executive.
Astros #39; Berkman fine playing second fiddle From a much quieter corner of the clubhouse, Houston Astros right fielder Lance Berkman briefly glanced over at the crowd of television cameras and tape recorders encircling teammate Carlos Beltran.
Official denial from Elan on takeover The Irish biotechnology company Elan has officially denied speculation that it was in merger talks with US firm Biogen. The denial came after a query made to the Irish firm by the Irish Stock Exchange.
Rebels see positive role for Gaddafi in Darfur Darfur rebels back a mediation role for Libyan leader Muammar Gaddafi, who African leaders meeting in Tripoli commissioned to make contacts to help solve the conflict in western Sudan, spokesmen said on Monday.
Osama is our chief: Zarqawi IRAQ #39;S most wanted man, Abu Musab al-Zarqawi, declared allegiance to Osama bin Laden yesterday as a car bomb near the Australian embassy in Baghdad killed seven people and injured at least 20 others.
Turkey can count on Germany when EU leaders meet: Fischer German Foreign Minister Joschka Fischer assured his Turkish counterpart Abdullah Gul here on Monday that Germany would give full support to Turkey #39;s bid to enter European Union membership talks.
JBoss takes on business process management The company Monday announced it has hired Tom Baeyens, the founder and lead developer of jBpm, an open source workflow engine. As with its other products, JBoss will sell services and support for jBpm (which 
British ISPs must unmask downloaders A British court has ordered Internet service providers to identify 28 people who are allegedly downloading music illegally. The order comes at the request of the British Phonographic Association (BPI), a music industry trade association.
Microsoft steers  #39;R2 #39; server for  #39;05 release com October 18, 2004, 9:58 AM PT. This fourth priority #39;s main focus has been enterprise directories as organizations spawn projects around identity infrastructure.
Mattel suffers as Barbie bombs NEW YORK : The world #39;s biggest toy maker, Mattel Inc., reported a drop in profits and sales as girls spurned Barbie, the most popular doll ever created.
USC, Miami Top First BCS Rankings  PHILADELPHIA (Sports Network) - The Bowl Championship  Series released its first standings on Monday and as expected,  Southern California grabbed the top spot.
Pride, Prizes Aplenty as Tennis Year Nears Climax  LONDON (Reuters) - Although the grand slam silverware has  been doled out for the 2004 season there is still much pride  and prize money to play for as the tennis year creeps toward  its climax.
S.Africa: Guest Aristide Not Behind Haiti Mayhem  JOHANNESBURG (Reuters) - South Africa rounded on Haiti's  interim leader Monday, dismissing accusations it was allowing  Haiti's ousted President Jean-Bertrand Aristide to coordinate a  violent uprising from exile in South Africa.
Sudan: Darfur Rebels Use Human Shields  KHARTOUM, Sudan (Reuters) - Sudan's security chief said on  Monday rebels in the western region of Darfur have drawn army  fire and aerial bombardment on to Darfur villages by using them  as cover and as bases for military operations.
Iceman discoverer missing The German man who found the remains of a 5,300-year-old frozen mummy in 1991 has gone missing in the Alps.
Montclair and Its Model School Try to Cope With a Rape Charge In the two weeks since a student reported she had been raped by two football players, Montclair has been struggling to sift through the fallout and move on.
Harmony #39;s offer for Gold Fields puts Iamgold merger in doubt &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; TORONTO (CP) - Shares of Iamgold fell more than 10 per cent after its proposed merger with Gold Fields Ltd. was thrown into doubt Monday as South Africa #39;s Harmony Gold Mining Company Ltd.
Marsh  amp; McLennan forecast slashed, stock slides Shares of insurance brokerage Marsh  amp; McLennan Cos. continued their slide Monday as analysts said the firms suspension of contingency commission arrangements would sharply cut earnings.
Microsoft delays access control technology for two years Microsoft Monday again revised its Windows server roadmap, this time delaying for nearly two years the release of features for controlling network access - in part to implement a new plan to develop the technology in unison with similar technology from 
JBoss Takes On jBPM Project JBoss, owners of the popular JBoss open source development community, added another piece to its middleware product portfolio with the addition of the Java Business Process Management (jBPM) Project, officials announced Monday.
British file-swappers lose ISP protection A court ruling in favor of the British Phonographic Industry (BPI) has forced ISPs in the UK to hand over details of their customers when requested.
Backe, Beltran lead Astros into Game 5 CBC SPORTS ONLINE - Brandon Backe grew up idolizing the likes of Jeff Bagwell and Craig Biggio, but he #39;ll probably be pulling for more Carlos Beltran heroics Monday night.
Rockets Team Report COMING OUT SWINGING: One of the team #39;s big problems the past two seasons was getting the guards to share the ball with 7-6 C Yao Ming.
Handset Makers Raising Virus Defenses (Reuters) Reuters - Software security companies and\handset makers, including Finland's Nokia (NOK1V.HE), are\gearing up to launch products intended to secure cell phones\from variants of the Internet viruses that have become a\scourge for personal computer users.
Investors Cutting the Edge of CNET (The Motley Fool) The Motley Fool - CNET Networks (Nasdaq: CNET - News) has built a brand in the geeky world of tech products. Of course, with the drop in tech spending, CNET needed to make a transition. So the company is focusing more on the "digital lifestyle." Just look at cultural movements such as Apple's (Nasdaq: AAPL - News) iPod. Yes, tech can be cool and hip.
Rio Grande Artifacts May Yield New Clues (AP) AP - Archaeologists have discovered a cache of artifacts near South Padre Island they say could be up to 5,000 years old, potentially providing new clues about early peoples of the Texas coast.
Russian Craft Docks with Space Station (Reuters) Reuters - A Russian spacecraft delivered\three astronauts to the International Space Station on\Saturday, smoothly overcoming docking system problems which had\delayed its launch.
Back to School: Hitchcock joins Princeton PRINCETON, NJ (CP) - Philadelphia Flyers head coach Ken Hitchcock is joining the coaching staff of Princeton #39;s men #39;s hockey team during the NHL lockout.
Handset Makers Raising Virus Defenses  HELSINKI (Reuters) - Software security companies and  handset makers, including Finland's Nokia &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=NOK1V.HE qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;NOK1V.HE&lt;/A&gt;, are  gearing up to launch products intended to secure cell phones  from variants of the Internet viruses that have become a  scourge for personal computer users.
Home Builder Optimism Reported Rising (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. home builder optimism grew in\October to its strongest level in 2004 on low mortgage rates\and heavy traffic of potential buyers, rebounding from a\decline in September, an industry report said on Monday.
Anglicans Criticize U.S. Church on Gays (AP) AP - An Anglican commission sharply criticized the U.S. Episcopal Church on Monday for consecrating a gay bishop and called on the Americans to apologize.
Oil Falls on Signs Economy Hurting  LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices fell 3 percent after setting  record highs above \$55 a barrel on Monday as dealers took  profits on signs that energy costs are hitting economic growth.
Home Builder Optimism Reported Rising  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. home builder optimism grew in  October to its strongest level in 2004 on low mortgage rates  and heavy traffic of potential buyers, rebounding from a  decline in September, an industry report said on Monday.
Chinese Satellite Crashes Into House BEIJING, China (AP) -- A section of a Chinese scientific satellite that was returning from orbit crashed into an apartment building, wrecking the top floor but causing no injuries, a newspaper said Sunday.    The capsule crashed into the four-story building Friday in Penglai, a village in the southwestern province of Sichuan, the Tianfu Morning News said...
Zuckerman and Financier to Back Pop Culture Magazine Mortimer B. Zuckerman, the owner of The Daily News, and Jeffrey Epstein, a Wall Street financier, have signed a deal to provide financing for Radar magazine, a celebrity and pop culture magazine that published two test issues in 2003. Maer Roshan, editor in chief, declined to be specific about the level of financial commitment beyond saying it was "significant," but he said it was both a relief and very exciting that the project would now have funding.
Typhoon triggers aid from Hawaii Isle Filipinos are mobilizing to help the northern and eastern regions of the Philippines, where more than 1,000 people are dead or missing after four deadly storms in the last two weeks.
Investors Cutting the Edge of CNET Despite its focus on tech-related content, CNET continues to grow -- but not enough for investors.
Kraft's Candy Sale Kraft is reportedly planning to sell two well-known brands. What will it do with the proceeds?
Experts Say More People Should Take Statins (AP) -- Perhaps no medicine today is so widely regarded as a wonder drug as the cholesterol-lowering statin. From Zocor to Lipitor to Pravachol, statins are top sellers in a country where half of American adults have high cholesterol...
FDA Approves Use of Temporary Artificial Heart WASHINGTON (AP) -- The Food and Drug Administration said Monday it has approved the first temporary artificial heart for use in patients at risk of dying within 30 days as they await a heart transplant.    The CardioWest Total Artificial Heart, manufactured by SynCardia Systems of Tucson, Ariz., takes over for the patient's failing heart, restoring normal blood pressure and shoring up such vital organs as the kidney and liver...
Anglicans Criticize U.S. Church on Gays LONDON - An Anglican commission sharply criticized the U.S. Episcopal Church on Monday for consecrating a gay bishop and called on the Americans to apologize...
Netegrity updates provisioning tools CA's latest acquisition target rolls out a new version of its identity and access management software.
RFID, coming to a library near you The dusty shelves of your local library are going high-tech with tagging chips. Civil liberties groups warn of a privacy nightmare.
Microsoft steers R2 server for '05 release Security collaboration with Cisco will bump key network protection feature until 2007.\
Liberty Alliance captures seven new members PDF developer Adobe is among the new allies of the group, which promotes identity standards for Web services.
SBC opens up Wi-Fi roaming The carrier will give its broadband subscribers access to 3,900 hot spots for \$1.99 a month.
SBC opens up Wi-Fi roaming SBC Communications said Monday that it is now offering its Wi-Fi service for a special rate to its DSL subscribers. The company said subscribers of the SBC Yahoo broadband service can access the FreedomLink 
UPDATE 3-Star Gas suspends payout, may seek bankruptcy Star Gas Partners LP (SGH.N: Quote, Profile, Research) (SGU.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Monday said it has suspended distributions on its common partnership units and warned it may have to seek bankruptcy protection unless 
ATA flight attendants ratify giveback deal Flight attendants at struggling low-cost carrier ATA Airlines (ATAH.O: Quote, Profile, Research) on Monday said they approved a contract that would save the airline \$24 million over the next two years.
Check Point beats Wall St. mark Shares rise sharply after the software maker reports higher 3Q profit on strong products demand. TEL AVIV, Israel (Reuters) - Check Point Software Technologies Inc.
Biogen, Elan merger rumors persist Biogen Idec in Cambridge is rumored to be in talks to buy or merge with Elan Corp. in Ireland, though the later company denies any such conversation is taking place, Bloomberg News is reporting.
Flight attendants OK 10 pay cut to keep ATA aloft ATA Airlines Inc. put a piece of its turnaround package in place Friday when a large majority of flight attendants accepted \$24 million in concessions to help keep the financially ailing Indianapolis carrier flying.
Microsoft, Cisco To Share Network Security Technologies The goal is a  quot;single, coordinated solution quot; that enables network administrators to control both Windows installations and Cisco network architecture, the two tech giants said.
IBM Preps High-End Power5 Servers IBM next month will begin shipping high-end servers in their pSeries and iSeries lines running on its Power5 processor. The Armonk, NY, company will launch the 32-way p590, the 64-way p595 and the 64-way i595, IBM officials will announce Friday.
Korea makes major strides in information technology Korea has made major strides in information and communication technology over the last four decades, progressing as a global trendsetter with one of the world #39;s highest wired and wireless penetration rates.
Rain has the last laugh as second Test ends in a draw MADRAS, India - India and Australia both rued a missed opportunity of victory after bad weather ruined an absorbing climax to the second cricket Test on Monday.
 #39;Shut Your Trap, You Silly Old Man #39; So the phoney war has started, the Messiah dumps United in the press, United draw with the Mighty Birmingham, and the gooners cruise to 49 against the Villa.
Search Engine Industry Job Search - JobsInSearch Search Engine Industry Job Search - JobsInSearch\\JobsInSearch.com officially launched today as a specialist job site for the Search Engine Industry. The site features job vacancies with companies who provide Search Engine related Products and Services. By only advertising jobs that are related to the Search Engine industry, Jobs In Search ...
Jets 29, Texans 7 Chad Pennington made some great throws and some ugly ones. He took a few hits, too. While his return from a strained right rotator cuff was far from perfect, Curtis Martin was stellar yet again, and the two 
FedEx to Build 2nd-Largest U.S. Private Solar System  NEW YORK (Reuters) - FedEx Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=FDX.N qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;FDX.N&lt;/A&gt;, the world's  largest air-express shipper, on Monday said it was building the  nation's second largest private solar power system atop its hub  in Oakland, California.
EU Leaves Option Open on Boeing Tariffs (AP) AP - The European Union left open Monday the option of levying punitive tariffs against Boeing Corp.  #151; the main beneficiary of U.S. tax breaks found to violate global trade rules. The move came despite a U.S. warning that it could aggravate a trans-Atlantic fight over subsidies to Boeing and its European rival, Airbus.
Great White Sharks, Others Win Global Protection Great white sharks are among many endangered species to gain better international protection at a meeting of 166 countries in Thailand. Restrictions on black rhinos were eased.
15 Years After Quake, San Francisco Still Vulnerable After a huge earthquake struck San Francisco in 1989, many Californians thought they'd survived the "Big One." But experts say smaller quakes hold greater cause for worry.
Anglican leaders welcome report A report criticising US Anglicans for ordaining a gay bishop is welcomed by those who opposed his appointment.
Spitzer's Latest Suit, Like Others, Cites Indiscreet E-Mail A key part of the New York's attorney general's suit against Marsh   McLennan is an e-mail exchange.
Update 2: Gold Fields Rejects \$8.1B Harmony Gold Bid Gold Fields Ltd. rejected an \$8.1 billion takeover bid by smaller rival Harmony Gold Mining Company Ltd. as inadequate on Monday, despite the support of its largest stakeholder.
UPDATE 4-Odyssey warns of weak quarter, CEO resigns Odyssey Healthcare Inc. (ODSY.O: Quote, Profile, Research) on Monday warned of an earnings shortfall, announced the resignation of its chief executive and said it was the subject 
Yukos asks JPMorgan Case for second assement ahead of auction &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; MOSCOW : The Russian oil giant Yukos oil giant has asked US investment bank JPMorgan Chase to issue a second valuation of its top producer ahead of its expected auction by the state, the Interfax news agency quoted unnamed sources as saying.
Houston firm to buy Greensboro petroleum terminal Kinder Morgan Energy Partners LP in Houston has signed a definitive agreement to buy nine refined petroleum products terminals in the Southeast, including one in Greensboro, from Charter Terminal Co.
Microsoft: 2005  #39;Breakout Year #39; For Windows Server com. Labeling 2005 a  quot;breakout year quot; for its server operating-system line, Microsoft on Monday laid out a revised road map for Windows Server 2003 that promised the release of the second edition in the last half and a service pack in the first.
Intel Scraps Pentium 4 Chip for New Design The scuttling of the chip raises the risk that Intel might fall behind AMD in the race to create the fastest processors. Some saw the move as desperate attempt to deal with the fact that 
Data Laws Set Storage Agenda for IBM The TotalStorage DS6000 ultra-dense server, about the size of a VCR, hold 16 disks, each capable of holding up to 300 GB. IBM #39;s larger system is the DS8000 array, based on two or four IBM Power5 chips.
Rules Approved for Broadband over Power Lines Cinergy has a venture with Current Communications to market BPL systems to municipally-owned and rural cooperative utilities. Their plan so far has not been slowed by regulatory uncertainty 
Starbucks serves burnt CDs with its coffee Starbucks is expanding its digital music service to coffee shops in Seattle and Austin, Texas, this month. The service, called the Hear Media music bar, will be available at 15 Starbucks stores in Seattle starting on Monday.
Wharf T amp;T links up with i-Cable on Net phones Wharf T amp;T, a telecom arm of conglomerate Wharf (Holdings), has teamed up with its sister company i-Cable Communications, Hong Kong #39;s second-largest broadband provider, to launch an Internet phone service, hoping to widen its market share.
Soldiers #39; families tell of worry The families of Black Watch soldiers based in Iraq said it would be a step too far to send British troops to support US efforts around Baghdad.
Intel whacks mobile chip prices Attention, notebook shoppers: Intel drops the cost of Pentium Ms and Centrino--a sign that cheaper laptops are on the way.
Finnish chemicals group Kemira spins off fertilizer business GrowHow (AFP) AFP - Kemira, the Finnish chemicals giant, spun off its fertilizer business GrowHow by listing it separately on the Helsinki stock exchange with a launch price of 5.25 euros per share.
Notre Dame wins National Championship on penalty kicks Cary, NC (Sports Network) - Notre Dame won its second women #39;s soccer title Sunday as it edged UCLA, 4-3 on penalty kicks. The two teams were tied at one after 110 minutes of regulation and two  quot;golden goal quot; overtime periods.
Photo 1 of 3: New designs for iPod? U2 lead singer Bono, who appeared in a previous Apple TV ad, will join CEO Steve Jobs onstage Oct. 26.
Lexmark's Mixed Message Despite the printer company's third-quarter strength, the future is uncertain.
SBC opens up Wi-Fi roaming Wired  amp; Wireless continues its reign at the top spot among IT priorities due to widespread IP telephony and wireless deployment.
Disney #39;s Latest Drama: \$200 Mln Courtroom Battle The trial of a lawsuit by Walt Disney Co. shareholders who accuse the board of directors of rubberstamping a deal to hire Michael Ovitz 
Apple event could bring iPod news Apple Computer has scheduled a special event for next week, fueling speculation that the company could be ready to introduce an updated model of its iPod digital music player.
Iran can discuss extension of enrichment suspension Iran #39;s senior nuclear negotiator said Monday that the Islamic republic was ready to discuss an extension of its suspension of uranium enrichment, but repeated a rejection to give up fuel cycle work altogether.
IBM Report to Be Indicator of IT Spending (AP) AP - International Business Machines Corp. could inject some optimism into the market Monday if its third-quarter earnings report indicates information technology spending is on the rebound.
Fed's Olson Says Economy Still Improving (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. economic growth, while\improving, has not hit the pace it was expected to do by now,\Federal Reserve Governor Mark Olson said on Monday.
Top US diplomat for Mideast to visit Egypt, Morocco to plan Iraq conference (AFP) AFP - The top US diplomat for the Middle East is to visit Egypt and Morocco this week to help plan an international conference on Iraq expected to be held next month, the State Department said.
Blue Chips Off, S P 500 Up on Oil Retreat  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The blue-chip Dow slid back into  negative territory on Monday, but the broader Standard   Poor's  500 index rose after a fall in oil prices eased worries about  corporate profits.
Fed's Olson Says Economy Still Improving  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. economic growth, while  improving, has not hit the pace it was expected to do by now,  Federal Reserve Governor Mark Olson said on Monday.
Stocks Mixed As Oil Dips From Record High NEW YORK - A sharp drop in oil prices gave Wall Street a small relief rally Monday, with stocks staying mixed after falling earlier in the session. Blue chips were held back by fears that the dip in oil prices would be temporary...
AXA Drops Bid for Australian Subsidiary Talks on buying the portion of the Australia-based subsidiary that it did not already own fell apart over price, says France-based AXA SA.
Larger Customer Deals To Boost Check Point Prudential Equity Group maintained an  quot;overweight quot; rating and a \$26 target price for Check Point Software Technologies (nasdaq: CHKP - news - people ).  quot;The company suggested that although InterSpect might 
Mattel #39;s Barbie Blues Are toys in time-out? Today, Mattel (NYSE: MAT) echoed Hasbro (NYSE: HAS) in reporting earnings that were a bit of a bummer. In addition, the prognosis may not be too good for the upcoming holiday season.
Study finds dramatic rise in loss of tech jobs Job trimming at technology companies took off during the past three months, according to a new report. Announced job cuts in the technology sector hit 54,701 in the third quarter, up 60 percent from the second 
Intel whacks mobile chip prices Intel cut the prices of its premier mobile chips by up to a third on Sunday, as it prepares for the holiday season. The Santa Clara, Calif.
RIM previews new BlackBerry handheld for wireless LAN Research In Motion (RIM) is demonstrating a new BlackBerry Wireless Handheld that operates on 802.11b networks and incorporates both voice and data capabilities.
Glazer raises stake in Man United US sports tycoon Malcolm Glazer has raised his stake in Manchester United for the second time in three days. Mr Glazer spent 17m (\$31m) on another six million shares on Monday to lift his holding in the club to 27.
More history for the Patriots; Win streak at 20 The New England Patriots extended their remarkable winning streak to 20 games on Sunday and tied another NFL record in the process in their 30-20 win over the Seattle Seahawks at Gillette Stadium.
Rain washes away Indian hope of levelling series CHENNAI, October 19 (Online): The second test match between host India and World champions Australia ended in a draw after pouring rain on the last day.
Karzai leads race in Afghan presidential polls: World News: Kabul, Oct 18 : Incumbent Afghan President Hamid Karzai is maintaining his edge over rivals, having secured 62 percent of the votes counted so far, reports Xinhua.
World oil prices rise to another record high NEW YORK, October 18 (newratings.com) - Crude oil prices increased to new record high levels for the third consecutive day, reaching \$55.
Biographical sketch of new Kmart CEO Aylwin Lewis EDUCATION: Holds an MBA and bachelor #39;s degrees in business management and English literature from the University of Houston. CAREER: Since January 2003, served as president and chief multi-branding and operating officer at Yum Brands Inc.
Web radio gets \$1.7 billion boost update The American Society of Composers, Authors and Publishers announced Monday that it has reached a \$1.7 billion deal with the Radio Music License Committee to let stations legally stream their on-air content over the Internet.
Glazer increases united stake Glazer, who on Friday spent 45 million to take his stake in the Old Trafford club to 25.3. has bought another six million shares in United, offering a further indication that he is not about to back down from his desire to take control.
All-Russian affair in Kremlin Cup final MOSCOW - Defending champion Anastasia Myskina upset Lindsay Davenport, and Elena Dementieva defeated Elena Bovina on Saturday to set up the first-ever all-Russian final at the Kremlin Cup.
Britain Considers Spreading Forces Throughout Iraq Britain is considering moving some of its troops in Iraq outside their normal area of operations in order to help bolster the American antiterrorist offensive, the British defense secretary, Geoff Hoon, said today.
S. Africa Condemns Claims About Aristide S. African Government Condemns Accusations That It Is Being Used As Springboard for Haiti #39;s Aristide. A boy passes a car that says  quot;Aristide King quot; in the pro-Aristide slum of Bel-Air in Port-au-Prince, Sunday, Oct. 17, 2004.
Apple Plans Music Event - Is an iPod Announcement on the Agenda? (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - Apple (Nasdaq: AAPL) is planning a music-themed event next week in San Jose, California, that will feature the rock band U2, fueling speculation that the computer company may be poised to make a significant music-related product announcement.
RIM Intros Souped-Up BlackBerry for Mobile Enterprise (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - Research In Motion (Nasdaq: RIMM) (RIM) is offering a peek at the company's latest\wireless BlackBerry, a handheld that operates on Wi-Fi (802.11b)\networks and supports both voice over Internet communications and data\connectivity on local area networks.
JBoss Introduces Workflow Software (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - Open-source software company JBoss has introduced JBoss jBPM 2.0, a workflow engine developed in conjunction with the Java Business Process Management (jBpm) project.
Check Point Posts Rise in 3Q Profit (AP) AP - Internet security company Check Point Software Technologies Ltd. said Monday that third-quarter net income rose to  #36;66.8 million, or 26 cents a share, from  #36;58.4 million, or 23 cents a share a year earlier, paced by a 25 percent increase in licensing revenue.
Siebel Taps Motive Software To Improve Usability (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - Siebel (Nasdaq: SEBL) has been on a mission to lower the TCO of its applications since last year's release of 7.5.3, a version that concentrated mainly on cost-savings modifications and other user-friendly improvements.
The Problem with Gravity: New Mission Would Probe Strange Puzzle (SPACE.com) SPACE.com - Imagine the weight of a nagging suspicion that what held your world together, a constant and consistent presence you had come to understand and rely on, wasn't what it seemed. That's how scientists feel when they ponder gravity these days.
STS-114: Discovery Astronauts, Flight Controllers Simulate ISS Docking (SPACE.com) SPACE.com - A\swarm of NASA flight controllers, astronauts and engineers have reached one\step closer to returning to space agency's shuttle program to launch status,\performing the first of many full-scale simulations for its first\return-to-flight mission.
Mobile Handset Makers Raising Virus Defenses  HELSINKI (Reuters) - Software security companies and  handset makers, including Finland's Nokia, are gearing up to  launch products intended to secure cell phones from variants of  the Internet viruses that have become a scourge for personal  computer users.
Suspect vote lets Belarus leader keep power, opposition cries foul (AFP) AFP - Voters in Belarus agreed to change the constitution to allow autocratic President Alexander Lukashenko to retain power indefinitely in a referendum denounced by foreign observers as biased and distorted.
Fallujans flee from US-Zarqawi fight As talks collapsed and US forces launched intensive airstrikes, residents packed their bags.
Politics of 'fear over vision' explored on British television Today's Terrorism and Security Daily Update: New documentary series says danger from Al Qaeda is 'dramatically overstated.'
Help the Monitor Your support enables us to bring you insightful, global news coverage. Please donate today to support independent journalism.
Norilsk Puts Gold Fields in Play Norilsk Nickel shook up the gold world Monday, backing a hostile takeover bid by one South African company for another that could give it a stake in the world #39;s largest producer of the precious metal.
Crude Passes \$55, Greenspan Unfazed SINGAPORE -- Crude oil futures rose to a record for a third day Monday, surpassing \$55 in New York on speculation US demand for heating oil will deplete inventories this winter.
Google Desktop Search Doesn #39;t Threaten Security Opinion: Privacy hysterics bring old whine in new bottles to the Internet party. The desktop search beta from this Web search leader doesn #39;t do anything you can #39;t do already.
Kraft net drops 4 percent CHICAGO The nation #39;s largest food manufacturer, Northfield-based Kraft Foods Incorporated, posted a four percent decline in third-quarter profits today.
Hammons #39; public hotel company may be sold to private corporation John Q. Hammons Hotels Inc. may be sold to Barcelo Crestline Corporation, making the now public hotel company a private corporation instead.
Can Mattel save Barbie? Sales droop as girls flock to cooler  #39;Bratz #39; pack. Is Mattel #39;s comeback too little, too late? By Parija Bhatnagar, CNN/Money staff writer.
SBC Offers DSL Customers \$2 Wi-Fi Service SBC is planning to offer a Wi-Fi service that will enable subscribers to receive high-speed wireless access to the Internet at 3,900 airports, hotels, restaurants and other so-called  quot;hot spots quot; across the country.
Kmart Names Yum Brands #39; Aylwin Lewis Chief Executive (Update5) Kmart Holding Corp. named Yum! Brands Inc. executive Aylwin Lewis as president and chief executive officer, replacing Julian Day, to reverse declining sales growth.
Oil dealer facing bankruptcy The parent company of the Petro home heating oil company, which serves over 100,000 customers on Long Island and in New York City, said today that the division is facing a liquidity crisis due in part to its inability to pass on record high heating oil 
Activision, Nielsen Study Impact of Video Game Ads Video game publisher Activision Inc. and Nielsen Entertainment, on Monday said they were collaborating to produce a measurement system for corporate advertisers to compare the reach 
Man charged with extorting Hardee #39;s A stock analyst faces federal charges for trying to extort thousands of dollars from the parent company of St. Louis-based Hardee #39;s.
Yugansk Could Be Sold for \$3.75 Bln Yukos #39; main production unit, Yuganskneftegaz, could be sold off in a single-bid, closed auction in just over a month #39;s time, a spokesman for the Federal Property Fund said Monday.
Red Hat Hires Sun VP To Focus On Desktop Strategy Combined with recent Netscape app purchases, the move gets Linux provider closer to integrating desktops with network services. By Larry Greenemeier.
RIM Sees Strong European, Asian BlackBerry Growth Research In Motion Ltd. RIM.TO is seeing rising demand for its BlackBerry wireless e-mail device in Europe and expects Asia to be its next major market, the company #39;s chief financial officer said on Monday.
JBoss Unveils Workflow Engine com. Open-source company JBoss Inc. on Monday introduced a workflow engine that broadens the company #39;s middleware stack. JBPM 2.0 was developed with the open-source project of the same name and joins 
Who Leaked  quot;Halo quot;? I #39;m tired of letting the bloggers have all the fun, so I figured I #39;d better come up with my own conspiracy theory to explain the much-discussed but mostly meaningless 
How Planets Form:  #39;It #39;s a Mess Out There #39; New observations of dust around young stars suggests collisions of large asteroid-like objects and fledgling planets are frequent.
The Fight is Finished October 18, 2004 - Tecmo announced today that Dead or Alive Ultimate has officially gone gold. This means, of course, that production work on the deluxe, Live-enabled, Xbox-exclusive DOA extravaganza is now complete.
ATI Technologies insider-trading case pushed back to March TORONTO - The hearing into insider trading allegations leveled against the chairman of ATI Technologies has been pushed back until March 29.
Delayed Starbucks music stores finally debut CD-burning stations located inside Starbucks Corp. stores finally made their debut in Seattle Monday after six months of design and other delays.
Don #39;t put a padlock on me, says Els THOSE who have known him longest say it takes quite a deal to rile Ernie Els. But when the large, laconic South African golfing genius does get annoyed - watch out.
Golf: Sorenstam surpasses two million dollars in season earnings WASHINGTON : Swedish superstar Annika Sorenstam, who surged past South Korean Grace Park to win the Samsung World Championship, has surpassed the two million-dollar mark in earnings for the fourth straight season.
Expectations for Seahawks are more realistic after two tough &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; By my math, we #39;re still a healthy 111 days shy of Super Bowl XXXIX in Jacksonville, and any way you cut it, that #39;s a mighty good thing for Mike Holmgren and his ambitious young Seattle Seahawks.
Hantuchova wins; Pierce loses in Zurich Zurich, Switzerland (Sports Network) - Slovakian Daniela Hantuchova highlighted Monday #39;s first-round winners, while former top-10 star Mary Pierce of France was among the losers at the \$1.
Vatican condemns EU  #39;inquisition #39; A senior Vatican cardinal says there is an anti-Catholic  quot;inquisition quot; in Europe, evidenced in the controversy over the remarks of Rocco Buttiglione.
DLA joins US firm in landmark law merger The creation of the first international law firm with more than 1,000 lawyers on both sides of the Atlantic will be announced on Monday, in a move expected to trigger more 
Oil Prices Slide After Posting New High Oil prices declined Monday in what traders describe as profit-taking after futures hit a new high above \$55 a barrel. November crude futures fell \$1.
IBM Third-Quarter Net Flat After Charge International Business Machines Corp. (IBM.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Monday posted a flat quarterly net profit, weighed down by the partial settlement of an employee pension lawsuit 
Microsoft Set to Deliver New Windows Service Pack Beta Microsoft is poised to deliver a new interim build of its Windows Server 2003 SP1 (Service Pack 1) to testers. Windows Server 2003 SP1 is the server complement to the recently released Windows XP SP2 (Service 
Nigerian heads Pompey home It was goal number five for the Nigerian, a header from strike partner Lomana LuaLua #39;s cross, though Spurs were unlucky when Anthony Gardner #39;s header hit a post.
Microsoft Lays Out Due Dates For Windows Server And Other Apps A service pack should be out by summer next year, and a full upgrade is expected by the end of the year. By TechWeb.com. Labeling 2005 a  quot;breakout year quot; for its server operating-system line, Microsoft has laid out a revised map for Windows Server 2003.
Mutu faces two-year suspension Chelsea striker Adrian Mutu failed a doping test and could force a ban of up two years from domestic and international soccer. Professional Footballers #39; Association chief executive Gordon Taylor confirmed the positive test Monday.
Gannon has received several opinions Oakland Raiders quarterback Rich Gannon made a fourth visit to a specialist this weekend for a neck injury that has kept him out of the lineup since Sept.
Indian Police Kill Country #39;s Most Wanted Bandit Indian police have killed the country #39;s most wanted bandit Koose Muniswamy Veerappan in a shootout in southern India, officials said on Tuesday.
Microsoft, Cisco: Seeing Eye-to-Eye on Network Security Tech giants Microsoft and Cisco have agreed to develop and promote interoperability between their respective network access technologies.
JBoss Introduces Workflow Engine for BPM  quot;JBoss jBPM signifies another major step for JBoss, as we continue to build out a complete open source middleware platform of loosely coupled projects all backed by enterprise-grade services 
Halo 2 Code Leaked to Internet The Internet leak of Halo 2, the latest installment of Microsoft #39;s best-selling Xbox video game, is not expected to affect its release, planned for November 9th.
Gush Katif heads cancel scheduled meeting with PM An additional display of the rift formed between Prime Minister Ariel Sharon and the settlers came late Monday night after residents of Gush Katif canceled a meeting scheduled for today with Sharon, explaining that the meeting would be pointless since 
Russia dispatches new Mideast envoy Russia is sending a special envoy to the Middle East to defuse tensions and revive the Israeli-Palestinian peace process, its foreign ministry said Friday.
BCS Makes Changes To Ranking System Dallas, TX (Sports Network) - Bowl Championship Series officials on Thursday announced major changes to the ranking formula that is used to decide the participants in college football #39;s Division IA national championship game.
Hantuchova beats Douchevina in Swisscom Challenge opener ZURICH, Switzerland -- Daniela Hantuchova of Slovakia defeated Russian wild card Vera Douchevina 6-1, 6-4 Monday in the opening round of the \$1.
IBM Boosts Power5 Server Portfolio IBM has rolled out new Power5 server models i595 and p595. The ability to run multiple operating systems on a single server is a particularly attractive to customers handling an array of software platforms, says IBM #39;s Guy Paradise.
Gannon Done for Season, Not Ready to Retire  ALAMEDA, Calif. (Sports Network) - Oakland Raiders  quarterback Rich Gannon will miss the remainder of the season,  but stopped short of announcing his retirement on Monday.
Randy Moss' Status Unknown for Sunday  MINNEAPOLIS, Minn. (Sports Network) - Minnesota Vikings  star receiver Randy Moss suffered a hamstring injury during  Sunday's win over New Orleans and his status for this weekend's  game versus Tennessee is unknown.
U.S.C., Miami Top B.C.S. Standings, Not Oklahoma Southern California took the top spot Monday in the season's first Bowl Championship Series standings.
Earnhardt Loses Appeal of 25-Point Penalty Dale Earnhardt Jr. lost his appeal of a 25-point penalty and \$10,000 fine for using a vulgarity during a postrace TV interview.
IBM Goes After High-End Server Market IBM is making a big deal out of its announcement of three Power5 processor-based servers. The machines are faster than those built by competitors Hewlett-Packard and Sun.
Britain honors Olympians, Paralympians with parade Britain honored their Olympic and Paralympic medalists with a ticker-tape parade through the center of London on Monday. During the two-mile procession, 47 Olympic medalists 
Marsh  amp; McLennan plummets as market run scared SHARES in Marsh  amp; McLennan plunged a further 10 per cent yesterday, taking their total fall to 47 per cent since the insurance broker took centre-stage in an inquiry by the New York attorney-general into market manipulation.
Foreign funds boost South Africa THE multimillion-dollar investment by Norilsk Nickel, the Russian mining giant, in Gold Fields could be set to give the group a 10 per cent stake in the worlds biggest gold mining company.
Google #39;s new PC search tool poses risks People who use public or workplace computers for e-mail, instant messaging and Web searching have a new security risk to worry about: Google #39;s free new tool that indexes a PC #39;s contents for quickly locating data.
Kalbfell: BMW Says Second Rolls-Royce CEO Resigns This Year Das ist alles: Germany #39;s BMW on Monday said Karl-Heinz Kalbfell has resigned as chief executive of its ultra-posh Rolls-Royce brand.
Google's New PC Search Tool Poses Risks (AP) AP - People who use public or workplace computers for e-mail, instant messaging and Web searching have a new security risk to worry about: Google's free new tool that indexes a PC's contents for quickly locating data.
E*Trade Profit Rises as Expenses Drop (Reuters) Reuters - E*Trade Financial Corp. , an\online bank and brokerage, on Monday said its third-quarter\profit rose as lower expenses offset a drop in net revenue.
PC Shipments Rise 12 Percent Worldwide (Reuters) Reuters - Shipments of personal computers\in the third quarter rose 12 percent, driven by strong\corporate demand and ongoing strength in Europe, the Middle\East and Africa, a market research firm said on Monday.
TI Profit Up on Cellular, TV Chip Sales (Reuters) Reuters - Texas Instruments Inc. ,\the largest maker of chips for cellular phones, on Monday said\quarterly profit rose about 26 percent on demand from handset\makers even as it struggles with a nagging inventory problem.
Study: Software vendors, users at odds over licensing (InfoWorld) InfoWorld - Software publishers and users are at odds about software licensing, according a study released Monday.
Space Station Astronaut to Vote From Orbit (AP) AP - The space station's newest astronaut will cast his ballot in the presidential election from 225 miles up, with NASA's help.
RIM Sees Strong European, Asian BlackBerry Growth  OTTAWA (Reuters) - Research In Motion Ltd. &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=RIM.TO qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;RIM.TO&lt;/A&gt; is  seeing rising demand for its BlackBerry wireless e-mail device  in Europe and expects Asia to be its next major market, the  company's chief financial officer said on Monday.
PC Shipments Rise 12 Percent Worldwide  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Shipments of personal computers  in the third quarter rose 12 percent, driven by strong  corporate demand and ongoing strength in Europe, the Middle  East and Africa, a market research firm said on Monday.
Energy, Material Prices Hurt U.S. Profits (Reuters) Reuters - 3M Co.  and American Standard\Cos. Inc.  cast a shadow of disappointment on Monday as\the busiest week yet of the corporate earnings period got under\way, and analysts cautioned not to expect the profit picture to\brighten soon.
Gas Tops  #36;2/gallon, 2.9 Cents from Record (Reuters) Reuters - The average weekly retail price for\U.S. gasoline topped  #36;2 a gallon to reach the third-highest\level ever recorded by the government, the Energy Department\said on Monday.
Police Kill India's Most Wanted Bandit (Reuters) Reuters - Police have shot dead India's\most wanted bandit, Koose Muniswamy Veerappan, accused of\killing more than 100 people, kidnapping, poaching and\smuggling from his jungle hideout, officials said on Tuesday.
Locust crisis 'could get worse' The locust crisis that has devastated crops across West Africa may be even worse next year, experts warn.
E-Trade Profits Rise, Despite Weakness (AP) AP - E-Trade Financial Corp.'s third-quarter profit rose 29 percent, despite a sharp drop in investor trading at its online brokerage and signs of weakness in its banking business. The company also raised its fourth quarter outlook a bit.
Target Sees Sales Growth Near 6 Percent (AP) AP - Target Corp. now expects average October sales close to the top of its previous estimate of a 4 percent to 6 percent increase from last year, the discount retailer said Monday.
(Not So) Simple Simon (Forbes.com) Forbes.com - Simon Lok is brash and brilliant and intense, a 26-year-old computer scientist with a teensy company and big, conqueror dreams. He has developed an elegant little networking box that shuts out intruders and costs 80 less than the gear hawked by the giants he despises--Cisco, Lucent, those guys.
Police kill country's most wanted bandit Veerappan (Reuters) Reuters - Police have shot dead the country's most wanted bandit Koose Muniswamy Veerappan, accused of chopping up many of the more than 100 people he killed, officials said on Tuesday.
IBM Third-Quarter Net Flat After Charge  NEW YORK (Reuters) - International Business Machines Corp.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=IBM.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;IBM.N&lt;/A&gt; on Monday posted a flat quarterly net profit, weighed  down by the partial settlement of an employee pension lawsuit  and lackluster sales in its mainstay computer services  business.
Energy, Material Prices Hurt U.S. Profits  NEW YORK (Reuters) - 3M Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MMM.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;MMM.N&lt;/A&gt; and American Standard  Cos. Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=ASD.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;ASD.N&lt;/A&gt; cast a shadow of disappointment on Monday as  the busiest week yet of the corporate earnings period got under  way, and analysts cautioned not to expect the profit picture to  brighten soon.
Solar Minimum is Coming Something strange happened on the sun last week: all the sunspots vanished. This is a sign, say forecasters, that solar minimum is coming sooner than expected.
Bush Signs  #36;33 Billion Security Budget (AP) AP - President Bush signed legislation Monday that gives the Department of Homeland Security about  #36;33 billion to shore up the nation's borders, inspect incoming cargo, protect potential terror targets and train first responders.
Home Builder Optimism Rises in Oct-Report  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. home builder optimism grew in  October to its strongest level in 2004 on low mortgage rates  and heavy traffic of potential buyers, rebounding from a  decline in September, an industry report said on Monday.
TI Profit Up on Cellular, TV Chip Sales  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Texas Instruments Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=TXN.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;TXN.N&lt;/A&gt;,  the largest maker of chips for cellular phones, on Monday said  quarterly profit rose about 26 percent on demand from handset  makers even as it struggles with a nagging inventory problem.
Toymakers Hit by Economy; Holidays Grim  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The two top U.S. toymakers posted  disappointing third-quarter results on Monday and softened  expectations for the crucial holiday season, citing a wobbly  economy and cautious retailers.
USAir Details Plan to Be Low-Cost Carrier  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Bankrupt US Airways &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=UAIRQ.OB target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;UAIRQ.OB&lt;/A&gt;  detailed plans on Monday for becoming a low-cost carrier,  saying it will overhaul its flight schedule and sharply boost  aircraft turnaround times beginning in February.
Darfur Rebels Use Human Shields -- Sudan  KHARTOUM (Reuters) - Sudan's security chief said on Monday  rebels in the western region of Darfur have drawn army fire and  aerial bombardment on to Darfur villages by using them as cover  and as bases for military operations.
Police Kill India's Most Wanted Bandit  BANGALORE, India (Reuters) - Police have shot dead India's  most wanted bandit, Koose Muniswamy Veerappan, accused of  killing more than 100 people, kidnapping, poaching and  smuggling from his jungle hideout, officials said on Tuesday.
Anglicans Urge Ban on Gay Marriage, Gay Bishops  LONDON (Reuters) - Anglican leaders, striving to stop their  loose association of churches falling apart, urged North  American Episcopalians on Monday to ban same-sex marriages and  the consecration of gay bishops.
Manning throws 3 TDs to topple Titans INDIANAPOLIS (Ticker) -- Despite Jeff Fisher #39;s best attempt, there doesn #39;t seem to be anything that can slow down Peyton Manning and the Indianapolis Colts.
Developer world: Poor nations on front line of computer wars Countries like Brazil are shunning Microsoft's proprietary software in favor of open source Linux.
Astronomers Discover Planet Building Is Big Mess Planets are built over a long period of massive collisions between rocky bodies as big as mountain ranges, astronomers announced today. New observations from NASA's Spitzer Space Telescope reveal surprisingly large dust clouds around several stars.
Glazer increases stake in Man Utd US sports tycoon Malcolm Glazer pays 17m to increase his stake in Manchester Utd for the second time in four days.
Democrat Wants High Court Nominee List (AP) AP - President Bush should consult with Democrats on Supreme Court nominees to ensure a smooth path to Senate confirmation, incoming Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid of Nevada said Sunday.
Indian bandit 'killed by police' Indian police say they have shot dead one of the country's most wanted men, the bandit Veerappan.
Blair defends new exam proposals Tony Blair talks to business leaders about new proposals for a major shake-up of the English exam system.
Voters Cast Early Ballots as Candidates Trade Sharp Attacks Scattered problems were reported in the balloting in Florida as early voting began in 10 other states.
Bin Laden's trail gone cold: Musharraf (AFP) AFP - Al-Qaeda mastermind Osama bin Laden's trail has gone cold, and US and Pakistani officials have no active leads on where he might be hiding, Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf said in a spate of interviews.
Iraq's Allawi Extends Arms-For-Cash Plan BAGHDAD, Iraq - Iraqi Prime Minister Ayad Allawi announced plans Monday to extend a cash-for-weapons program for Shiite fighters in Baghdad's Sadr City to cities nationwide in an attempt to disarm the country.    The announcement came as fresh violence erupted in Baghdad and Mosul...
Democrats Signing Up More New Voters The Democrats appear to be gaining the upper hand in the battle to sign up new voters in the all-important swing states, an Associated Press analysis suggests.    The AP analysis of the most up-to-date figures from across the country found that the Democrats have registered more new voters than the Republicans have in Arizona, New Mexico, Nevada and New Hampshire, while the GOP has done better in Iowa and appears to be holding its own in Florida...
Stocked Edge Higher As Oil Prices Retreat NEW YORK - A sharp drop in oil prices gave Wall Street a modest relief rally Monday, with stocks edging higher on news that oil production had soared during the month of September.    Investors who have sold stocks for months as oil prices climbed reversed course Monday and started buying as the price of crude declined...
Bush Accuses Kerry of Scare Tactics ABOARD AIR FORCE ONE - President Bush accused John Kerry on Monday of employing "shameless scare tactics" on Social Security and the military draft just before voters go to the polls. In an interview with The Associated Press, Bush also said he'd be disappointed if the Iraqi people chose an Islamic fundamentalist government in free elections, "but democracy is democracy."  "If that's what the people choose, that's what the people choose," the president said, two weeks before facing his own re-election...
PeopleSoft awaits Delaware court ruling The second and final week of a Delaware court trial relating to Oracle Corp.'s hostile takeover bid for PeopleSoft Inc. turned into an extended negotiating session between the two sides. Oracle executives criticized PeopleSoft's business in an apparent attempt to drive down PeopleSoft's selling price, while PeopleSoft rewrote for the sixth time the controversial "customer assurance program" (CAP) that could significantly increase Oracle's acquisition costs.
Red Hat drafts Sun exec for desktop Linux push Java engineer Karen Tegan-Padir resigns to head up Red Hat's bid to get the open-source operating system on desktop systems.
Briefly: HP to sell Voltaire's InfiniBand switch roundup Plus: PC shipments up, but revenue less so, study says...BEA mobilizes corporate data...Web services outfits merge...Microsoft sets holiday Xbox bundle...PalmSource settles Digeo patent suit.
Study: Online holiday sales merry, but not very Researcher says U.S. shoppers will fork out \$13.2 billion online this season, but year-over-year increases are slipping.
Study finds dramatic loss of tech jobs Third-quarter cuts in the tech sector shot up 60 percent from the previous quarter, an employment services company reports.
Spy agency investigates Libyan interest in weapons of mass destruction (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - OTTAWA (CP) - As Paul Martin plans a relation-thawing visit to Libya, a newly disclosed report shows Canada's spy agency was probing the North African country's interest in deadly weapons as recently as last spring.
PC shipments up, but revenue less so, study says Makers of PCs will ship 191.4 million units in 2004, a 13.4 percent increase from a year ago, according to research company iSuppli.
HP to sell Voltaire's InfiniBand switch Signs deal to resell cluster-related switches that employ the high-speed networking technology.
VoIP unplugged, as Wi-Fi meets Net phoning Announcements by Vonage, Net2Phone, Boingo underscore collision course of Internet telephony and wireless broadband.
Dialing up better college test scores Software sends SAT prep questions to your child's handset--and lets you check to see whether they're getting the answers right.
TVs, cameras top holiday plans The Consumer Electronics Association predicts solid growth in gadget sales this year.
Cops track emergency call to malfunctioning TV A flat screen TV started broadcasting a distress signal, drawing the attention of emergency and law enforcement officials.
An Odyssey of Wealth Destruction The Merriam-Webster dictionary defines odyssey as  quot;a long wandering or voyage usually marked by many changes of fortune. quot; For hospice care provider Odyssey Healthcare (Nasdaq: ODSY 
Coke, Pepsi to list nutritional facts on labels NEW DELHI: Even Coca-Cola and Pepsi are turning calorie-conscious. With obesity concerns getting shriller by the day and the recent row over pesticide traces in soft drinks posing several challenges, the two 
Red Hat Hires Sun #39;s Tegan-Padir As a founding member of Sun #39;s J2EE organization, Tegan-Padir managed the creation of specifications, compatibility test suites, blueprints and guided implementations of Java in the enterprise.
Microsoft Patches Windows Server 2003 Setting the stage for what it hopes will be a  quot;breakout year quot; for its server operating systems, Microsoft this week announced it will ship the first Release Candidate of its Service Pack 1 (SP1) for Windows Server 2003 by year #39;s end as well as a SDK 
New Space Telescope Observations Upset Theories of Planet &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The leading theory of how planets form is being revised because of new observations from the US Spitzer Space Telescope. The process is not as smooth and quiet as once thought, but rather the result of violent collisions between massive space rocks.
NASA Says Switches May Have Caused Genesis Crash Problems with switches aboard NASA (news - web sites) #39;s Genesis solar probe may have kept its parachute from opening, which led to the craft #39;s crash-landing in the Utah desert, the US space agency said.
OSC panel delays hearing ATI Technologies insider-trading case &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; TORONTO (CP) - A regulatory hearing into allegations of insider-trading by the chairman of ATI Technologies and others has been delayed for the second time, and now won #39;t be heard until five years after the events that sparked the case.
Two blocks too far to walk for coffee, Starbucks says Java junkies must often journey more than two blocks to find a Starbucks, which the company sees as a problem, its chief executive said on Thursday.
Sharapova to face tough challenge from in-form Hantuchova DANIELA HANTUCHOVA, of Slovakia, defeated Vera Douchevina, the Russian wild card, 6-1, 6-4 yesterday in the opening round of the Swisscom Challenge in Zurich.
Police Kill India #39;s Most Wanted Bandit Police have shot dead India #39;s most wanted bandit, Koose Muniswamy Veerappan, accused of killing more than 100 people, kidnapping, poaching and smuggling from his jungle hideout, officials said on Tuesday.
IBM looks to restore iSeries' 'luster' At a gathering of hundreds of iSeries users at at Common's Fall 2004 conference in Toronto, IBM officials agreed with users that the company needs to push the system's viability and versatility more.
Microsoft to deliver SP1 for Windows Server by year's end Microsoft plans to ship the first release candidate of Service Pack 1 for Windows Server 2003 by year's end and will release a developer's kit for the high-performance computing version of Windows Server next month.
Blue Coat tool targets spyware The tool from Blue Coat Systems detects spyware at the Internet gateway as well as the desktop and is designed to keep it from affecting network performance and security.
Q A: Red Hat exec talks of challenges to open-source He discusses the dearth of developers, scaling problems and his public blog war with Sun's Jonathan Schwartz.
Brief: Job cuts in tech sector soar, report says The U.S. high-tech sector suffered another major round of layoffs during the third quarter, with computer firms being the most aggressive at cutting jobs, according to outplacement firm Challenger, Gray   Christmas.
Cisco, Microsoft team up on network access security Under the effort announced today, the two will share APIs and develop protocols to enable better interoperability between Microsoft's Network Access Protection technology and Cisco's Network Admission Control technology.
BladeLogic ships updated data center automation software Version 6 of BladeLogic Operations Manager allows data center managers to make provisioning, change and compliance actions based on the services a company needs.
Liberty Alliance names first director, new members The Liberty Alliance Project, a global consortium aimed at developing and promoting standards for managing user identities on networks, now has its first executive director: Silicon Valley IT consultant Donal O'Shea.
Blue Coat jackets networks from spyware With concerns about spyware rapidly mounting, Blue Coat Systems is introducing a proxy appliance to combat the problem.
CA opens United Arab Emirates headquarters NEW YORK - Computer Associates International Inc. (CA) is expanding its presence in the Middle Eastern region, announcing Monday that it has opened a regional headquarters in the United Arab Emirates.
Study: Software vendors, users at odds over licensing Software publishers and users are at odds about software licensing, according a study released Monday.
PeopleSoft awaits Delaware court ruling The second and final week of a Delaware court trial relating to Oracle Corp.'s hostile takeover bid for PeopleSoft Inc. turned into an extended negotiating session between the two sides. Oracle executives criticized PeopleSoft's business in an apparent attempt to drive down PeopleSoft's selling price, while PeopleSoft rewrote for the sixth time the controversial "customer assurance program" (CAP) that could significantly increase Oracle's acquisition costs.&lt;p&gt;ADVERTISEMENT&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;&lt;img src="http://ad.doubleclick.net/ad/idg.us.ifw.general/sbcspotrssfeed;sz=1x1;ord=200301151450?" width="1" height="1" border="0"/&gt;&lt;a href="http://ad.doubleclick.net/clk;9228975;9651165;a?http://www.infoworld.com/spotlights/sbc/main.html?lpid0103035400730000idlp"&gt;SBC Case Study: Crate   Barrel&lt;/a&gt;&lt;br/&gt;What sold them on improving their network? A system that could cut management costs from the get-go. Find out more.&lt;/p&gt;
Microsoft pushes SQL Server 2005 back Those users and developers anxious to get their hands on SQL Server 2005 will have to be anxious a little longer.
Can Laser Printers Fight Crime? Emerging technology uses a printer's fingerprint to trace and verify documents.
Google Desktop Search versus Microsoft Windows Search Google Desktop Search versus Microsoft Windows Search\\Google Desktop Search Software can't find your lost keys or tell you where you left the Tivo remote control, or that your glasses are on top of your head, where you left them. But the beta software from Google Labs is nothing short of ...
Reeves Says EBay May Cause Identity Theft (AP) AP - Martha Reeves, former lead singer of Martha Reeves  amp; the Vandellas, says eBay left her open to identity theft by posting a contract on its Web site that showed her Social Security number and signature.
Texas Instruments Posts Higher 3Q Profits (AP) AP - Third quarter profits at Texas Instruments Inc. grew by  #36;116 million from a year ago due to rising demand for its chips used in high-end mobile phones and digital light processing systems for big-screen televisions.
IBM Third-Quarter Earnings, Revenue Rise (AP) AP - International Business Machines Corp. reported a small gain in third-quarter profits Monday, as increasing revenues in almost every area of the business, including emerging markets such as Russia and China, helped offset expenses from a pension lawsuit.
Bush signs law pushing human rights, humanitarian aid in North Korea (AFP) AFP - President George W. Bush signed a law to promote human rights in nuclear-armed North Korea and provide humanitarian aid to citizens and refugees of the Stalinist state, as well as making them eligible for asylum in the United States.
New Voters Sign Up in Battleground States (AP) AP - A look at efforts by the Democrats and the Republicans to register new voters in battleground states:
Spain Seizes Islamic Militants Suspected of Plot  MADRID (Reuters) - Police arrested seven suspected Islamic  militants in raids across Spain on Monday to foil a planned  bomb attack on the High Court, judicial sources said.
International Space Station Astronaut to Vote From Orbit CAPE CANAVERAL, Fla. (AP) -- The space station's newest astronaut will cast his ballot in the presidential election from 225 miles up, with NASA's help...
Darfur villagers 'facing famine' The Darfur conflict in Sudan has unleashed a crisis on the scale of the African famines of the 1980s, the International Red Cross says.
Clarke: Using technology to secure IDs is vital In the age of prevalent terrorism, identity needs stronger protection, says counterterrorism expert.
RIM shows off BlackBerry with Wi-Fi The new BlackBerry device can support VoIP over an 802.11b-based wireless network.
Texas Instruments posts higher 3Q profits DALLAS -- Third quarter profits at Texas Instruments Inc. grew by \$116 million from a year ago due to rising demand for its chips used in high-end mobile phones and digital light processing systems for big-screen televisions.
LeapFrog Warns on 3Q, Year Profit View LeapFrog Enterprises Inc., a developer of technology-based educational products, on Monday lowered third-quarter and full-year profit expectations, citing difficult market conditions.
Hollywood Awaits Start of Ovitz Trial Description: A shareholders #39; lawsuit against Walt Disney Co. board members begins Wednesday. The suit concerns the expensive hiring and firing of former Disney President Michael Ovitz.
Earnhardt Loses Appeal of 25-Point Penalty (AP) AP - Dale Earnhardt Jr. lost his appeal of a 25-point penalty and  #36;10,000 fine for using a vulgarity during a postrace TV interview.
Neck Injury Ends Rich Gannon's Season (AP) AP - Rich Gannon will not return to the field for the Oakland Raiders this season because of a broken vertebra in his neck. The quarterback, who turns 39 in December, saw four of the country's top neck and spine specialists over the past couple of weeks and was told he shouldn't try to play again this year. But Gannon didn't rule out a return next season and wasn't ready to say he's going to retire.
BoSox Lead Yankees 2-1 After Two Innings BOSTON - The Boston Red Sox held a 2-1 lead over the New York Yankees after two innings of play Monday in Game 5 of the ALCS. After singles by Orlando Cabrera and Manny Ramirez in the first off Yankees starter 
Cowboys Not Winners Any More for Parcells (AP) AP - For the first time since Bill Parcells lost his Dallas debut in 2003, the Cowboys have a losing record.
Glazer raises Manchester United stake to 27.6 pct-sources US sports tycoon Malcolm Glazer bought more shares in Manchester United on Monday, lifting his stake to 27.63 percent and heightening speculation that he will bid for the club, sources said.
Ferguson admits to flaws in his selection policy FAR less predictable than the perennial sniping at Arsenal was yesterdays admission by Sir Alex Ferguson that he had been making errors in selection.
Two die at Beijing Marathon BEIJING, Oct. 18. - Two runners - college student and a senior citizen  -d and eleven others were admitted to hospitals during the Beijing International Marathon, state media reported today.
Astros Sorry for Showing Tavarez Replay (AP) AP - The Houston Astros apologized to the Cardinals on Monday, saying they erred a day earlier by showing a replay of St. Louis reliever Julian Tavarez's tantrum on the stadium scoreboard.
Veerappan shot dead by the STF The operation was carried out by a team of Special Task Force of Tamil Nadu police at Papparapatti village in Dharmapuri district of the state.
US says Zarqawi loyalty to al-Qaida real An Islamic Web site posting in which Abu Musab al-Zarqawi #39;s militants declare loyalty to Osama bin Laden has been deemed credible by US officials.
Macedonians Killed in Iraq; For What The following story contains the latest information known as of 23:30 CET on Monday, and will be updated as new information comes in.
Bush Signs Law Expanding Rights of North Koreans to US Asylum US President George W. Bush signed legislation expanding the rights of North Korean citizens to seek refugee status in the US and authorizing \$24 million a year in humanitarian relief through 2008.
Sportsview: BCS a Work Forever in Progess (AP) AP - Don't be too dazzled by the new-and-improved model of the Bowl Championship Series coming to a newspaper or TV outlet near you. It will have to go back to the dealer soon enough.
Corretja, Davenport Warn of Burnout Dangers  MADRID (Reuters) - Women's world number one Lindsay  Davenport and former men's world number two Alex Corretja  warned on Monday that the intense pace of the tennis circuit  was taking a toll on even the top players.
Sox Still Breathing If Pedro Martinez can help the Red Sox to a victory in Game 5, then this series will suddenly be exactly where everyone always thought it would be at this juncture.
Commercial Demand, Europe Drive PC Sales (AP) AP - Worldwide shipments of personal computers grew nearly 12 percent in the third quarter, driven by strong European sales and rising commercial demand, according to IDC, a research company that tracks shipments.
India's most wanted bandit killed in jungle shootout after a 30-year run (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - MADRAS, India (AP) - India's most wanted bandit, accused of murdering police officers, slaughtering elephants and kidnapping a movie star, was killed Monday in a jungle shootout with police after more than three decades on the run, authorities said.
IBM Net Flat; Says Confident on Outlook  NEW YORK (Reuters) - International Business Machines Corp.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=IBM.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;IBM.N&lt;/A&gt; on Monday posted a flat quarterly net profit, weighed  down by a legal settlement, but the world's largest computer  company sounded a confident outlook and its shares rose 2.3  percent after-hours.
Gas Tops \$2/Gallon, 2.9 Cents from Record  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The average weekly retail price for  U.S. gasoline topped \$2 a gallon to reach the third-highest  level ever recorded by the government, the Energy Department  said on Monday.
News: New Google tool for searching computers a privacy risk on shared PCs The Associated Press By Anick Jesdanun
US Retail Gasoline Prices Rise; Diesel Sets Record (Update1) The average US retail price for regular-grade gasoline rose 4.2 cents the past week to \$2.035 a gallon and diesel reached a record as crude oil rallied to an all- time high.
UH MBA grad takes over as Kmart CEO A graduate of the University of Houston #39;s master of business administration program has taken over the reins of Kmart Corp. as president and CEO.
Star Gas down on Pacific Exchange; warns of bankruptcy NEW YORK (Dow Jones/AP) _ The stock of Star Gas Partners LP plunged 80 percent Monday after the distributor of heating oil and propane said its inability to pass on the full impact of high heating oil prices to customers may lead to bankruptcy.
MCI to Write Down Asset Values by \$3.5 Bln in 3rd Qtr (Update2) MCI Inc., the second-largest US long- distance telephone company, will write down its assets by \$3.5 billion in the third quarter, reflecting their reduced value as calling prices tumble and demand declines.
UPDATE 1-IMF says Iraq has place for basic economic program Iraq #39;s government has the capacity to proceed with a basic economic program, the International Monetary Fund said on Monday, even as authorities struggle to contain violence before elections set for January.
Cricket-Merriman says Kenyan cricket can learn from the Zimbabwe &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; NAIROBI (AFP) - Australian cricket board chairman Bob Merriman said that the probe into racism in Zimbabwean cricket should serve as an impetus for Kenya in resolving its own internal conflicts.
EU ministers fail to resolve issue of transit camps FLORENCE: Interior ministers from France and Spain on Monday shot down a German proposal to set up transit camps in North Africa to process asylum seekers before they reach Europe.
Nationality saved captured Aussie A JOURNALIST kidnapped in Baghdad was probably released because he was Australian and there was no hatred of Australians in the country, Iraq #39;s national security adviser said today.
Briefly: RIM touts BlackBerry with Wi-Fi roundup Plus: HP to sell Voltaire's InfiniBand switch...PC shipments up, but revenue less so, study says...BEA mobilizes corporate data.
Tech Job Cuts Leap 60 Announced job cuts in the technology sector soared 60 in the third quarter to 54,701, the highest figure since the fourth quarter of 2003 (82,328).
Space Station Astronaut to Vote From Orbit CAPE CANAVERAL, Fla. Oct. 18, 2004 - The space station #39;s newest astronaut will cast his ballot in the presidential election from 225 miles up, with NASA #39;s help.
HP #39;s Hall responds to Schwartz #39;s claims While in Sydney last week for a sales conference and to visit local customers, Sun Microsystems #39; president and COO Jonathan Schwartz made a number of statements (Computerworld Online October 13, CW October 18, p4) regarding the strategies of its 
Siemens Wins Malaysian 3G Deal Siemens has been working with Malaysia mobile-phone carrier Maxis since 1995 as a supplier of 2G/GSM mobile technology. As of June 2004, Maxis had 5.12 million customers, giving it over 40 
BoSox Lead Yankees 2-1 After Three Innings Boston Red Sox #39;s David Ortiz is congratulated after scoring against the New York Yankees in the frist inning during game 5 of the ALCS Monday, Oct. 18 2004 in Boston.
Relieved Australia take break A Test match that had looked to be building up into a great climax was ruined yesterday by a six-hour downpour that forced the final day to be abandoned without a ball bowled.
Costa, Corretja, Fish advance at Madrid Masters Madrid, Spain (Sports Network) - Spanish favorites Albert Costa and Alex Corretja highlighted Monday #39;s opening round winners at the Masters Series Madrid.
Germany, Poland Fail to Resolve WWII Fight (AP) AP - Top lawmakers from Poland and Germany failed Monday to bridge differences over World War II reparations claims that are weighing on relations between the two former enemies and new European Union partners.
IBM Net Flat; Says Confident on Outlook  NEW YORK (Reuters) - International Business Machines Corp.  on Monday posted a flat quarterly net profit, weighed down by a  legal settlement, but the world's largest computer company  sounded a confident outlook and its shares rose 2.3 percent.
Recent Polls on the Presidential Race (AP) AP - Results of recent polls on the presidential race. Listed above each set of results is the name of the organization that conducted the poll, the dates, the number interviewed, whether they were adults, registered voters (RV) or likely voters (LV) and the margin of error (MoE). Results might not total 100 percent because of rounding.
U.S. Stocks Gain as Oil Falls  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks closed higher on Monday  after a drop in oil prices eased worries about high energy  costs, although disappointing earnings from diversified  manufacturer 3M Co.&lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MMM.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;MMM.N&lt;/A&gt; curbed gains on the blue-chip Dow.
Levi Strauss Scraps Dockers Sale  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Levi Strauss   Co. said on Monday  it has scrapped plans to sell its Dockers brand because  potential buyers would not meet the company's price for the  casual clothing line it had considered spinning off as part of  a turnaround plan.
Democrats Signing Up More New Voters The Democrats appear to be gaining the upper hand in the battle to sign up new voters in the all-important swing states, an Associated Press analysis suggests.    The AP analysis of the most up-to-date figures from across the country found that, in every state where complete data is available, the Democrats have registered more new voters than Republicans...
Google's New PC Search Tool Poses Risks NEW YORK - People who use public or workplace computers for e-mail, instant messaging and Web searching have a new privacy risk to worry about: Google's free new tool that indexes a PC's contents for quickly locating data.    If it's installed on computers at libraries and Internet cafes, users could unwittingly allow people who follow them on the PCs, for example, to see sensitive information in e-mails they've exchanged...
BoSox Lead Yankees 2-1 After Five Innings BOSTON - The Boston Red Sox held a 2-1 lead over the New York Yankees after five innings of play Monday in Game 5 of the ALCS.    After singles by Orlando Cabrera and Manny Ramirez in the first off Yankees starter Mike Mussina, David Ortiz added another single to make the score 1-0...
Woolworths Has 16.6 Stake in Australian Leisure, Extends Offer Woolworths Ltd., Australia #39;s biggest grocer, increased its stake in takeover target Australian Leisure  amp; Hospitality Group to 16.
IT Jobs Dwindle in US, Offshore Hiring To Surge Challenger, Gray  amp; Christmas reports that the US information technology industry lost 54,701 jobs in the July through September quarter, which is an increase of 14 percent from the same quarter last year.
Japan Should Be Part of Aircraft Talks, EADS Says (Update1) Talks between the US and European Union to rework the terms of government aid to aircraft makers should include Brazil, Canada and Japan, said Philippe Camus, co- chief executive of European Aeronautic, Defense  amp; Space Co.
Ortiz keeps Red Sox alive with timely home run in Game 4 10:12 pm: This is it. If the Red Sox are ever going to do something, it #39;s got to be now. It #39;s the bottom of the fifth inning in Game 4. Two outs.
Glazer in position for takeover The spectre of a Manchester United takeover by American businessman Malcolm Glazer edged closer last night when sources close to the multi-millionaire said that he could trigger a 
Zims status never under threat: ICC INTERNATIONAL Cricket Council president Ehsan Mani and chief executive Malcolm Speed on Sunday said that Zimbabwe*s Test status was never under threat even though the Zimbabwe Cricket Union 
Indonesian court to try Ba #39;ashir next week The South Jakarta district court will begin next week to try Indonesian Muslim cleric Abu Bakar Ba #39;ashir who was allegedly implicated in deadly terror acts in the country, a court official said on Monday.
Yakubu makes Spurs suffer Tottenham Hotspur wasted chances and the opportunity to move into fourth place after displaying typical weaknesses at Fratton Park last night.
Bill #39;s Henry to retain starting role when healthy Once healthy, running back Travis Henry will regain his job as the Buffalo Bills starter despite Willis McGahee #39;s strong debut on Sunday.
Broken JI spawns even more deadly menace THEY are the men who keep counter-terrorism experts awake at night, only too aware that a strike is being plotted even as you read this report.
Vonage and Boingo Wireless to market VoIP together Boingo Wireless and Vonage Holdings Corp., announced a relationship to bring VoIP services to the market bundled with wireless offers.
Bono #39;s iPod NEW YORK - Rock band U2 has cut a deal with Apple Computer to sell custom iPods promoting the band #39;s forthcoming album. Sources close to the group say the U2 edition of the popular digital music player will 
Published by the group of companies Maxis Communications Bhd targets to launch its third-generation (3G) mobile services in the first quarter of 2005, but it expects the number of subscribers to be less than 100,000 during the first year due to the expensive handsets.
FilePlanet Daily Download Half-Life 2 Goes Gold (PC) Ladies and gents it #39;s official! Half-Life 2 goes gold and expected November 16! Almost six years to the date that Half-Life went gold, VUGames confirms that Valve #39;s Half-Life 2 has 
JBoss Brings Open Source to BPM JBoss has released a new version of its open-source business process management application, called  quot;jBPM. quot; It is the latest evidence that the open-source provider is serious about pushing 
Smaller Boxes, Bigger Plans For IBM Storage IBM #39;s new four-year storage strategy, laid out last week, came with a few surprises. First, the talk was all about gee-whiz hardware and lower costs, not related services.
Baby, you can network my car com October 18, 2004, 4:37 PM PT. SAN FRANCISCO--Fasten your seatbelts--the next stop for the MP3 revolution is your car. That was the consensus of a group of mobile electronics executives 
Q amp;A: Red Hat exec talks of challenges to open-source OCTOBER 18, 2004 (IDG NEWS SERVICE) - The biggest challenge for the open-source community is that there are too few open-source developers, according to Michael Tiemann, vice president of open-source affairs at Red Hat Inc.
Actional, Westbridge Merge Actional and Westbridge have merged, bringing Westbridge #39;s security infrastructure expertise to Actional #39;s existing Web services management platform.
Micron To Build Chip Production Plant in China Micron ranks fourth in the Chinese chip market, trailing Hynix, Samsung and Infinitron, according to a report from the consulting firm CCID.
Red Sox stay alive in ALCS David Ortiz #39;s drive into the right-field bullpen set off a frenzy at Fenway and gave the Boston Red Sox a shot at pulling off the greatest comeback ever.
Mutu agent #39;s shock at drug claim Adrian Mutu #39;s agent claims the Chelsea striker is  quot;absolutely shocked quot; at reports that he failed a drugs test. Newspaper allegations suggest that Mutu tested positive during a random check at Chelsea in September.
Oklahoma, No. 2 in Both Polls, Opens Third in BCS Ranking The Bowl Championship Series released its initial ranking yesterday, based on a formula revised in the off-season to help ensure that the consensus No.
Gilly rejects  #39;pressure #39; ADAM Gilchrist flew to Singapore last night for a mid-tour holiday urging people to stop fretting about the pressures that have swamped him on the Indian tour.
Belarus KGB Arrests U.S. Internet Specialist (Reuters) Reuters - An American citizen specializing\in the Internet was arrested by the Belarus KGB for allegedly\mishandling funds, Belarus authorities reported on Monday.
Iraqi Government #39;s Peace Talks With Falluja Break Off The chief negotiator for the city of Falluja said Monday that he had called off peace talks with the Iraqi government on the orders of guerrillas who control 
Sharon resists calls for vote on Gaza ARIEL SHARON, the Israeli Prime Minister, yesterday used the threat of early elections in an attempt to swing recalcitrant members of his Likud party behind his plan to evacuate all the Jewish settlements in Gaza.
Report: Macedonia workers beheaded Two Macedonian construction workers kidnapped south of Baghdad have been beheaded, and the group claiming responsibility accused the men of working as spies for US forces in Iraq, the Arab television network Al-Jazeera has reported.
Indonesian court rules terrorism trial to start next week JAKARTA - The trial of Indonesian cleric Abu Bakar Bashir on terrorism and criminal charges will begin on Oct. 28. An Indonesian court has confirmed the date and says a panel of five judges will be appointed for the trial.
Muslims held after Spanish raids Judicial sources said Monday #39;s operations had foiled a planned bomb attack on the High Court. The interior ministry said further arrests could be made imminently, as police moved against what was described as an active Islamic militant group.
Spain Arrests 7 in Suspected Terror Plan (AP) AP - Police arrested seven people Monday in nationwide raids targeting a suspected Islamic terror ring that was reportedly preparing for an attack.
Locust Likely to Descend on West Africa Again (Reuters) Reuters - The desert locust infestation that\descended on West and Central Africa this year is likely to\return in 2005 and officials will have to be better prepared to\avoid major damage to crops, experts said on Monday.
Bush, Kerry Exchange Bitter Words on Iraq (AP) AP - President Bush and Democratic rival John Kerry traded biting accusations over the war in Iraq on Monday as early Florida voting produced scattered complaints that stirred memories of the state's chaotic 2000 recount.
Colts crush Titans The Titans, led by a backup quarterback and employing three straight on-side kicks, banged out three touchdowns and a field goal to own the opening quarter 24-17 in the RCA Dome today.
Gore: Bush Deceived Public on Iraq (AP) AP - Al Gore on Monday accused President Bush of intentionally deceiving the public about the reasons for invading Iraq and said he is so ideologically driven that he refuses to admit  #151; or even learn from  #151; his mistakes.
Intel Cuts Prices on Laptop Computer Chips Intel Corp. INTC.O cut prices on its chips for mobile computers by as much as 34 percent this week, a move that could lower PC prices from the likes of Dell Inc.
Scientists: New planets may take longer It may take much longer than scientists have thought for violent turbulence to turn grains of space dust into new planets. A NASA telescope recently discovered evidence that 
Maxis set to roll out 3G in 2005 MOBILE phone operator Maxis Communications Bhd expects to roll out its third generation (3G) technology in the local market from the first quarter of next year.
Westbridge Merger Is Where The Actional Is Actional Corp. and Westbridge Technology Inc. on Monday announced the merger of the two companies, reflecting consolidation in the Web services market, as vendors try to provide a broader product portfolio to a larger customer base.
ICC: Test status for Bangladesh and Zimbabwe is safe LAHORE: The International Cricket Council yesterday said that a review of the structure of the sport was never aimed at taking away the Test status of Zimbabwe and Bangladesh.
Turf trip tempting for Board Ouija Board, the winner of both the English and Irish Oaks this season, was yesterday confirmed as a definite runner at the Breeders #39; Cup meeting at Lone Star Park in Dallas on Saturday week.
Gold Fields chief calls 4.5bn bid  #39;inadequate #39; The chief executive of Gold Fields, the South African gold producer, yesterday said he would urge the board to turn down an \$8.1billion (4.
Australian Oil-Related Stocks Drop; Australian Leisure Rises Australian oil-related stocks fell, led by Woodside Petroleum Ltd., after crude futures had the biggest decline in more than a month.
Insurance scandal spreads to Britain By James Daley in London and Katherine Griffiths in New York. The UK regulator for the insurance industry has said it attempted to launch investigations into several of its member firms earlier this year, after 
Stewart: Kmart Exec Shuffle May Benefit Firm Martha Founded Can #39;t keep a good woman down. Well, a woman with good taste, anyway; and more specifically, the company she founded. Shares of Martha Stewart Living Omnimedia (nyse: MSO - news - people ) trading on the New 
Pressure eases on rates as housing begins to cool YET more evidence emerged yesterday that British interest rates have either peaked, or are extremely close to doing so. House prices fell at their steepest pace in nine years in the three months to September.
MCI to Write Down Asset Values by \$3.5 Bln in 3rd Qtr (Update3) MCI Inc., the second-largest US long- distance telephone company, will write down assets by \$3.5 billion in the third quarter, reflecting their reduced value as calling prices tumble and demand declines.
Check Point beats forecasts in Q3 Check Point CEO Gil Shwed, dressed in his usual black shirt and smiling as his custom, had every reason to be cheerful at yesterday #39;s press conference.
Dollar hit by investment fears THE dollar was weaker yesterday, although off its lows, after the release of capital flows data that suggest foreign demand for US assets could be waning.
Ford: Automaker Inks Deal With Sirius Satellite Radio  quot;Thrilled quot;: Not everyone feels that way on Monday. But not everyone is Sirius Satellite Radio (nasdaq: SIRI - news - people ) Chief Executive Joseph Clayton.
US firm awarded extended contract for Antarctica work AUCKLAND, Oct 19 (AFP) - A company that supports the US science programme in Antarctica has been awarded a 546 million dollar extension to its contract, the US National Science Foundation (NSF) said in a statement Tuesday.
US media executives rattled by Disney #39;s \$140m deal Media executives in Hollywood and on Wall Street are nervously watching a court case involving Walt Disney that will test whether directors can be held responsible 
Deadline for Black Watch to assess risk of operation BRITAINS military forces have had less than ten days to assess the risks of sending The Black Watch battle group to fill in for US Marines south of Baghdad, it was confirmed yesterday.
Allawi vows steps to fight terrorism Iraq is  quot;working 24 hours a day to ... stop the terrorists, quot; interim Iraqi Prime Minister Ayad Allawi said Monday. Iraqis are pushing ahead with reforms and improvements, Allawi told 
Indian police kill country #39;s  #39;most wanted #39; bandit Police in southern India say they have killed the country #39;s most wanted bandit, Koose Muniswamy Veerappan, in a shootout. Veerappan, who is believed to have had ties with Tamil militants and accused of more 
Karzai leads vote count A doctor helping organise Afghan elections died on Monday along with four other civilians when an explosion tore through their vehicle, police said.
Peru Shining Path Head Faces Nov. 5 Retrial  LIMA, Peru (Reuters) - Peru will launch on Nov. 5 a  civilian retrial of Abimael Guzman, head of the Maoist-inspired  Shining Path rebel group that waged a brutal insurgency in the  1980s and 1990s, officials said on Monday.
UN Assembly Panel Backs Morocco on Western Sahara  UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - A U.N. General Assembly  committee dealt a heavy blow on Monday to Western Sahara's  hopes for a referendum on independence and energized Morocco's  push for new talks on the territory's future status.
French editor quits in Israel row The head of news at a state-run French radio station resigns after an outcry over his criticism of Israel.
Muslims held after Spanish raids Police hold seven suspected Islamic militants after raids across Spain, judicial sources say.
Yankees Lead BoSox 4-2 After Six Innings BOSTON - Derek Jeter hit a bases-loaded double to give New York a 4-2 lead over Boston after six innings of play Monday in Game 5 of the ALCS as the Yankees tried again to close out Boston at Fenway Park.    Jeter's bases-clearing hit in the sixth off Boston starter Pedro Martinez with two outs gave New York a 4-2 lead...
Intel Cuts Prices on Laptop Computer Chips  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Intel Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=INTC.O qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;INTC.O&lt;/A&gt; cut prices  on its chips for mobile computers by as much as 34 percent this  week, a move that could lower PC prices from the likes of Dell  Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=DELL.O qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;DELL.O&lt;/A&gt; and Hewlett-Packard Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=HPQ.N qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;HPQ.N&lt;/A&gt;
PC Shipments Rise 12 Pct Worldwide in 3rd Quarter  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Shipments of personal computers  in the third quarter rose 12 percent, driven by strong  corporate demand and ongoing strength in Europe, the Middle  East and Africa, a market research firm said on Monday.
Yanks, BoSox Tied 4-4 After 10 Innings (AP) AP - Jason Varitek hit a sacrice fly and David Ortiz launched a massive solo homer in the eighth as Boston rallied to tie New York 4-4 after 10 innings of play in Game 5 of the AL championship series Monday.
Tavarez Breaks Hand After Leaving Game 4 (AP) AP - St. Louis righty Julian Tavarez broke his left hand during a dugout tantrum in Game 4 of the NL championship series, and it was uncertain Monday when the reliever would pitch again.
Infineon Executives Guilty of DRAM Price-Fixing Four executives at German memory vendor Infineon Technologies AG and its US subsidiary have pled guilty to charges of illegally setting prices for PC memory chips, the US Department of Justice announced Thursday.
Iverson ejected in pre-season victory over Raptors (AFP) AFP - Allen Iverson was ejected from the bench in the second quarter before his Philadelphia 76ers teammates rallied for a 108-103 victory over Toronto in a National Basketball Association preseason game.
Ex-New York Rangers Cheerleader Sues (AP) AP - A former captain of the New York Rangers skating cheerleading squad sued the owner of Madison Square Garden on Monday, saying she was fired after she told fellow cheerleaders she was sexually harassed by an MSG staff member.
Seahawks' Wistrom Suffers Broken Knee  KIRKLAND, Wash. (Sports Network) - Seattle Seahawks  defensive end Grant Wistrom will miss the next four-to-six  weeks due a fracture in his left knee.
Oklahoma, No. 2 in Both Polls, Opens Third in B.C.S. Ranking Though it is early, the B.C.S. revisions have not quite worked out as planned. Southern California and Miami were ranked as the top two teams.
Jets' Edwards Avoids Bulletin Board Material Even before the hype could begin for Sunday's game between the Jets and the New England Patriots, Coach Herman Edwards was insisting upon a measure of caution.
Without Mutombo, Knicks Hope the Center Will Hold The Knicks are keeping their eyes fixed on Vin Baker and Nazr Mohammed, fervently hoping they can provide 48 quality minutes and a few blocked shots between them.
Briefly: Good Technology supported by HP, Samsung roundup Plus: RIM touts BlackBerry with Wi-Fi...HP to sell Voltaire's InfiniBand switch...PC shipments up, but revenue less so, study says.
McNealy: Microsoft integration work slow going The job of linking products from Sun Microsystems and Microsoft is "more complicated" than envisioned, Sun's CEO says.
Dell extends lead in PCs The computer maker is pulling further ahead of second-place rival Hewlett-Packard, according to new third-quarter shipment figures.
Pension deal bites into IBM profit The tech bellwether racks up a healthy rise in net income for the third quarter, despite taking a hit from a legal settlement.
Broadband to get power boost in Big Apple EarthLink plans to begin testing power line broadband connections in Manhattan in November.
Good Technology supported by HP, Samsung The company announces a new version of its wireless messaging and data access software.
MCI takes financial charge for Q3 MCIon Monday announced an approximately \$3.5 billion charge against its third-quarter financial results to reflect a decrease in the value of the company's assets.
Gartner ITxpo spotlights security, wireless Enterprise IT executives attending this week's Gartner Symposium ITxpo  in Orlando, Fla., got a peek at several forthcoming products for security, CM (content management), wireless, and SOAs (service-oriented architectures). 
Wavelink introduces all-in-one Wi-Fi management In preparation for the coming tidal wave of Wi-Fi-enabled devices, Wavelink on Monday introduced Wavelink Managed Security, an integrated platform for the management of IEEE 802.11x networks, devices, and security.&lt;p&gt;ADVERTISEMENT&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;&lt;img src="http://ad.doubleclick.net/ad/idg.us.ifw.general/sbcspotrssfeed;sz=1x1;ord=200301151450?" width="1" height="1" border="0"/&gt;&lt;a href="http://ad.doubleclick.net/clk;9228975;9651165;a?http://www.infoworld.com/spotlights/sbc/main.html?lpid0103035400730000idlp"&gt;SBC Case Study: Crate   Barrel&lt;/a&gt;&lt;br/&gt;What sold them on improving their network? A system that could cut management costs from the get-go. Find out more.&lt;/p&gt;
MCI to Record  #36;3.5 Billion in Charges (Reuters) Reuters - MCI Inc. , the No. 2 U.S.\long-distance company, said on Monday it would record noncash\impairment charges of about  #36;3.5 billion in the third quarter,\mostly for property, plant and equipment.
Businesses keep Q3 PC growth on track PC shipments have started to ease off, as expected, but the worldwide PC market remained fairly strong in the third quarter, according to research from IDC and Gartner Inc. released Monday.
IBM Net Flat; Sees Strong Fourth Quarter  NEW YORK (Reuters) - International Business Machines Corp.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=IBM.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;IBM.N&lt;/A&gt; on Monday posted a flat quarterly net profit, weighed  down by a legal settlement, but said fourth-quarter results  would be better than expected, and its shares rose 2.3 percent.
A Look at Lawsuits, Voting Problems (AP) AP - Many states are facing legal challenges over possible voting problems Nov. 2. A look at some of the developments Monday:
Marsh Reveals What's at Stake in Probe  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Marsh   McLennan Cos. revealed what's  at stake in the probe into its behavior by New York Attorney  General Eliot Spitzer, saying it generated \$845 million of fat  fees from a practice at the center of a bid-rigging scandal.
Analysts Expect Strong Google Quarter  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Analysts who follow Google Inc.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=GOOG.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;GOOG.O&lt;/A&gt; expect the Web search leader to report strong gains in  third-quarter revenue and earnings on Thursday when the  notoriously tight-lipped company announces results for the  first time as a public company.
TI Profit Up on Cellular, TV Chip Sales  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Texas Instruments Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=TXN.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;TXN.N&lt;/A&gt;,  the largest maker of chips for cellular phones, on Monday said  record demand for its handset and television chips boosted  quarterly profit by 26 percent, even as it struggles with a  nagging inventory problem.
Dollar Inches Up as Oil Prices Ease  TOKYO (Reuters) - The dollar edged up on Tuesday as weaker  oil prices helped it to recover losses made on data showing  overseas demand for U.S. assets may have stalled. U.S. light  crude traded around \$53.21, easing from a fresh record high of  \$55.33 hit in New York and helping to keep the dollar away from  near eight-month lows hit overnight.
Astros recover from Oswalt #39;s poor start Roy Oswalt was one worry the Houston Astros hadn #39;t counted on against the St. Louis Cardinals in the NL championship series. The league #39;s only 20-game winner.
Ontario to look at splitting OSC while pushing for single national &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; TORONTO (CP) - The Ontario Securities Commission #39;s days may be numbered as both police officer and judge in cases of financial-market wrongdoing.
rebels pin hopes on Bevan Zimbabwe #39;s rebels are pinning their hopes on Richard Bevan, the chief executive of the Professional Cricketers #39; Association, the England players #39; union, as a last resort in their battle with the Zimbabwe Cricket Union.
Pompey #39;s Yakubu Gets The Better Of Spurs Portsmouth deservedly beat Tottenham 1-0 at Fratton Park on Monday night as their forwards Yakubu and Lomana LuaLua came out on top against the previously watertight Tottenham defence.
Death threat to Aussie reporter AN Australian journalist has told how he was threatened with death by militants who captured him in Iraq. John Martinkus was interrogated for more than 20 hours after the group kidnapped him outside a Baghdad hotel.
Aussie journalist seized in Iraq, interrogated for over 20 hours An Australian journalist was interrogated for more than 20 hours after being seized outside a Baghdad hotel, his employer said yesterday.
Head of french radio RFI resigns due to anti-Israeli argument Alain Menargues, deputy director-general in charge of news at the French state-owned Radio France International (RFI), has resigned.
IN THE SPOTLIGHT MICHAEL EISNER The reflection in the rear-view mirror to be afforded by a trial due to open in Delaware on Wednesday will not be a pretty sight. It is expected to show in slow motion, during a hearing expected to last four 
Singapore probes China firm Singapores white-collar crime unit on Friday launched an investigation into the financial scandal at China Aviation Oil (CAO), the Chinese jet-fuel importer that revealed this week the loss of US\$550 million in derivatives trading.
Credit Suisse to unveil revamp Credit Suisse will on Monday announce a wide restructuring that will integrate its volatile Credit Suisse First Boston investment banking operation much more closely into the parent 
Detroit City Council passes modified measure to create black &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The City Council passed a modified version of a controversial plan to use public funds to create a black business district in the city.
Rice traded to Seahawks for 7th-round pick A living legend #39;s next chapter will be in Seattle. FOXSports.com has learned that the Oakland Raiders and Seattle Seahawks have agreed to a trade for Jerry Rice, the greatest receiver in football history.
Scientists: New planets may take longer It may take much longer than scientists have thought for violent turbulence to turn grains of space dust into new planets. A NASA telescope recently discovered 
Iraq to Widen Arms-for-Cash Program BAGHDAD, 19 October 2004 - Buoyed by the apparent success of a Baghdad arms-for-cash program, Iraqs interim government yesterday announced plans to extend it to all of the country ahead of scheduled January elections.
India's Most Wanted Bandit Killed in Shootout (Reuters) Reuters - India's most wanted bandit,\Koose Muniswamy Veerappan, was killed Monday in a shootout with\police who have for years been hunting the smuggler who killed\more than 100 people and kidnapped a movie star.
Bush Wants Cargo Planes to Aid Sudan (AP) AP - President Bush on Monday told the Pentagon to make two U.S. transport planes available to aid African peacekeeping forces seeking to end a humanitarian crisis in the Darfur region of western Sudan.
Kerry Appeals to Haitian Immigrants in French (Reuters) Reuters - Democratic presidential nominee\John Kerry, condemned by some Republicans as "French looking,"\promised on Monday to help Haitian immigrants in Florida,\saying: "Je vais aider les Haitiens."
India's Most Wanted Bandit Killed in Shootout  BANGALORE, India (Reuters) - India's most wanted bandit,  Koose Muniswamy Veerappan, was killed Monday in a shootout with  police who have for years been hunting the smuggler who killed  more than 100 people and kidnapped a movie star.
Techs Lead Tokyo Stocks Higher  TOKYO (Reuters) - Tokyo's Nikkei average was up 0.81  percent by mid-morning on Tuesday with gains on Wall Street and  a slip in crude oil prices encouraging investors to scoop up  bargains following seven straight days of losses.
A New Look at How Planets Are Formed New infrared observations of the disks of dust and rock around young stars reveal that many planets apparently form in an environment more violent and chaotic over a longer period of 
IBM Shark Sales Sink IBM last week announced new high-end and midrange systems that executives said could double the company #39;s market share in external disk by 2008 (see IBM #39;s New Shark Tale).
US stocks gain as oil falls US stocks closed higher on Monday after a drop in oil prices eased worries about high energy costs, although disappointing earnings from diversified manufacturer 3M Co.
MCI writes down value of telephone network by \$3.5 billion &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; MCI Inc. plans to write down the value of its assets by \$3.5 billion to reflect the decreased worth of the company #39;s telephone network as its consumer business shrinks.
Iamgold Falls as Gold Fields Takeover Thrown in Doubt (Update1) Iamgold Corp. shares fell 8.5 percent after South Africa #39;s Gold Fields Ltd. received an unsolicited takeover bid, threatening to scuttle its plan to acquire the Canadian gold producer.
GM to cut 430 British jobs, union says A union said that General Motors Corp. plans to cut about 430 jobs at its British Vauxhall operation as part of sweeping cutbacks around Europe.
Dollar takes a tumble THE dollar reversed yesterday #39;s modest gains to open more than half a US cent weaker today, weighed down on news Axa Asia Pacific had knocked back a takeover proposal from its French parent.
Ernie Els Interview Editors Note: Following his record-setting six victory in the World Match Play championship, Ernie Els sat down with the media and discussed his accomplishment.
Probe clears Zimbabwe The International Cricket Council has found no signs of racism in Zimbabwe following a probe into the southern African country. An ICC hearing was held after 15 white players were sacked by the Zimbabwe Cricket Union.
Rice could be headed north to join Seahawks The disgruntled receiver asked for a trade last week, and Holmgren confirmed Monday the Seahawks were looking into ways to acquire him from the Oakland Raiders.
Olympic heroes on parade in London Britains 2004 Olympic and Paralympic medallists will take part in a parade through central London this lunch time. Beginning near the Ritz Hotel in Piccadilly at around 1.30pm, the parade - which includes 
Portsmouth vs Tottenham match preview I don #39;t know about you, but this season really doesn #39;t feel like it #39;s started yet. You just about get into the groove of a couple of matches in a row, and then some sodding international match pops up and that #39;s it - everything goes on hold for two weeks.
Israeli Demolitions Deemed Excessive Israeli troops have destroyed hundreds of houses and left thousands of Palestinians homeless in the southern Gaza Strip in operations that far exceeded military security 
Iran prepared to suspend some nuclear activities TEHRAN, Iran - Iran said yesterday it is prepared to suspend some nuclear activities but would not surrender its right to enrich uranium.
PM talks up Indonesia ties PRIME Minister John Howard today reassured Indonesia that Australia was unlikely to launch a pre-emptive attack on its nearest neighbour to take out a terrorism target.
Villagers hold Nigeria oil plants Representatives of a remote community in southern Nigeria's Delta region take over three oil installations.
Sony to Open More Stores, Worrying Others (AP) AP - Few people took notice when Sony Electronics Inc. opened a tiny storefront last year here at South Coast Plaza, a swanky mall south of Los Angeles. As it turns out, the small store would represent a big change in how Sony sells its televisions, DVD players and other gear.
New Modem May Offer On-Road Connectivity (AP) AP - A top networking gear producer plans to offer a speedy new cellular technology that's an alternative to DSL and cable Internet access with the added advantage of being available on the road.
Online Resources To Buy N.J. Firm (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - Online Resources Corp., a McLean Internet banking and bill payment company, agreed to buy Incurrent Solutions Inc. of Parsippany, N.J., for  #36;15 million in cash and stock.
Netflix Sticks to Guns in Online DVD Rental Fight (Reuters) Reuters - Online DVD renter Netflix Inc.\ on Monday pledged to stick to a costly plan to double\its subscriber base by next year despite a price war with rival\video chain Blockbuster Inc. that analysts warn could\threaten its future.
Gartner ITxpo spotlights security, wireless (InfoWorld) InfoWorld - Enterprise IT executives attending this week's Gartner Symposium ITxpo  in Orlando, Fla., got a peek at several forthcoming products for security, CM (content management), wireless, and SOAs (service-oriented architectures).
Update: Study shows software vendors, users at odds over licensing (InfoWorld) InfoWorld - Software publishers and users are at odds about software licensing, according a study released Monday.
IBM Net Flat; Sees Strong Fourth Quarter (Reuters) Reuters - International Business Machines Corp.\ on Monday posted a flat quarterly net profit, weighed\down by a legal settlement, but said fourth-quarter results\would be better than expected, and its shares rose 2.3 percent.
Scientists: New Planets May Take Longer (AP) AP - It may take much longer than scientists have thought for violent turbulence to turn grains of space dust into new planets.
Scientist Envisions Small-Scale Hydropower (AP) AP - A scientist says the United States could more than double its hydropower supply by harnessing the energy of smaller streams.
MCI to Take \$3.5 Billion Charge in 3rd Quarter MCI Inc. reported Monday that it will take a \$3.5 billion non-cash charge in the third quarter to reflect the severe downturn in its consumer long-distance telephone business.\&lt;BR&gt;&lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Online Resources to Buy N.J. Firm Online Resources Corp., a McLean Internet banking and bill payment company, agreed to buy Incurrent Solutions Inc. of Parsippany, N.J., for \$15 million in cash and stock.&lt;BR&gt;\&lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Anglicans Criticize U.S. Church on Gays (AP) AP - An Anglican church commission on Monday urged the U.S. Episcopal Church not to elect any more gay bishops and called on conservative African bishops to stop meddling in the affairs of other dioceses.
Gagliano aide had misgivings about sponsorships, inquiry told (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - OTTAWA (CP) - The political interference in the federal sponsorship program was so pervasive that it even prompted complaints from Alfonso Gagliano's former right-hand man, a public inquiry was told Monday.
GM cuts 430 jobs as Ford plans new plant Britain #39;s motor industry suffered a day of mixed fortunes yesterday with news of fresh job losses balanced by a 115m investment on Merseyside.
FSA monitors investigation into US insurance industry BRITAIN #39;S main financial regulator yesterday confirmed it is monitoring developments in a high-level probe into corruption in the US insurance industry.
Property market faces up to 12 months of stagnation Home buyers and owners were warned yesterday by two separate surveys of the property market that house prices were continuing to fall.
Disney shareholders to get their day in court Walt Disney Co. shareholders are to finally get their day in court, seven years after suing the company for allegedly wasting corporate assets by buying out the contract of former president Michael Ovitz for 140 million dollars.
Future for Kraft is less sweet Kraft Foods last night posted a 3.8 drop in quarterly profit, weighed down by higher marketing spend and increased costs for cheese, coffee and other materials.
Cairn owes millions to India The British oil exploration firm Cairn Energy may owe the Indian government more than \$6.9m (3.8m) in a dispute over an Indian oilfield, the company said yesterday.
Cards, Astros Scoreless After Four Innings (AP) AP - Houston starter Brandon Backe was perfect through four innings of Game 5 of the NL championship series Monday night, and the game was scoreless because St. Louis' Woody Williams was pretty stingy, too.
Rams, Bucs Tied 7-7 After First Quarter (AP) AP - The St. Louis Rams and Tampa Bay Bucs both got off to a fast start Monday night, scoring on their first possessions and they were tied 7-7 after the first quarter.
Cisco, Microsoft bridge security gap Cisco Systems and Microsoft have announced a collaborative effort designed to bridge a divide between their emerging network access-control architectures.
Half-Life 2 is Gold We #39;ll give you a moment to sit down, take a breath, or catch a breath, or whatever you need to do. But yes, it #39;s as true as it can be, as we received official word from Vivendi Universal Games just moments ago.
For the Red Sox, a Series of Trials and Teases The Yankees wanted to swat it before it become a downright menace, a phalanx of mosquitoes, bearing the West Nile Virus of baseball, which is a shift in momentum.
Beltran and Pujols Playing  #39;Can You Top This? #39; Houston Astros center fielder Carlos Beltran and St. Louis Cardinals first baseman Albert Pujols meet near the batting cage before every game of the National League Championship 
Rams, Bucs Tied 7-7 After First Quarter St. Louis Rams wide receiver Torry Holt heads for the endzone for an opening drive touchdown receiption from Quarterback Marc Bulger during the opening drive of the Rams against the Tampa Bay Buccaneers in St.
Troops Await Decision on US Back-Up Plea British soldiers are waiting today to learn if they will be ordered to relieve US troops in Iraq. US military commanders have asked their British allies for help outside their normal areas of operation.
UN accuses Israel of excessive force during Gaza offensive A United Nations official has accused Israel of  quot;gross violations quot; of international law in a recent offensive in which more than 100 Palestinians died in the northern Gaza Strip.
Passing Game Stalls The Redskins are still waiting for quarterback Mark Brunell to get into gear. Brunell on Sunday produced one of the least productive games of his 12-year NFL career.
Ruffin Grabs Attention Forward Michael Ruffin is impressing Wizards coaches with his rebounding and rough play under the basket.
Groh Warns Defense Upset by his team's embarrassing showing against Florida State, Virginia Coach Al Groh has told his starting defenders they will have to earn back their jobs in practice this week.
Nikkei Up 1.16 Pct; Fujitsu Jumps  TOKYO (Reuters) - Tokyo's Nikkei stock average rose 1.16  percent by midday on Tuesday as gains on Wall Street and a slip  in crude oil prices encouraged investors to scoop up bargains  following seven straight days of losses.
Israeli Demolitions Deemed Excessive Israeli troops have destroyed hundreds of houses and left thousands of Palestinians homeless in the southern Gaza Strip in operations that far exceeded military security requirements during the past four years, the New York-based organization Human Rights Watch said in a report issued Monday.
Brazil and UN Try to Solve Nuke Impasse &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; By Andrei Khalip&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; RIO DE JANEIRO, Brazil (Reuters) - The United Nations andBrazil moved on Monday to break a months-long deadlock overinspections to verify Latin America's largest nation is notdiverting enriched uranium for weapons.&lt;/p&gt;
Peru's Shining Path Leaders to Face Trial Peru plans to hold a new trial next month before a civilian court for imprisoned Shining Path founder Abimael Guzman and 17 other top leaders of the Maoist insurgency, court officials said Monday.
Web services outfits merge com October 18, 2004, 8:32 AM PT. This priority retains its ranking at number five as more and more companies deploy Web Services to share business logic, data and processes with each other and with clients.
A Blackberry for WLANs is fruit of RIM research Research In Motion (RIM) is demonstrating a new model of its Blackberry handheld device, the Blackberry 7270, that integrates Support for both voice and data capabilities on 802.
DOA Ultimate goes gold Xbox Live-enabled version of Tecmo #39;s premiere fighting game series bounces off to the factory, will store shelves later this month.
In Return, P. Johnson Signs With the Ravens Wide receiver Patrick Johnson was smiling when he walked into the Baltimore Ravens #39; locker room after practice on Monday afternoon.
African leaders reject foreign intervention in Darfur conflict Calling the bloody humanitarian crisis in Darfur an  quot;absolute African issue, quot; Sudan #39;s president and four African counterparts rejected all foreign intervention Monday.
Veerappan killed, Jaya pats STF Tamil Nadu Chief Minister Jayalalithaa has congratulated the STF for their  #39;sterling achievement #39; in killing forest brigand Veerappan.
Insurers Feel Pressure, Drop Commissions In the four days since New York Attorney General Eliot L. Spitzer alleged that brokers and corporate insurance carriers were engaged in bid-rigging and secret payoffs 
Bond Sales Feed Worries On Sept. 9, as it must frequently do, the US government turned to Wall Street to raise a little cash, and Paul Calvetti bet that demand for \$9 billion worth of long-term Treasury bonds would be  quot;huge.
Disney Heads to Court in Georgetown GEORGETOWN - Walt Disney company officials will appear in the Court of Chancery in Georgetown starting Wednesday. Shareholders are suing Disney and former president Michael Ovitz.
Ford to Offer Sirius Radio as an Option in More Cars The Ford Motor Company plans to announce on Monday that it will offer Sirius Satellite Radio in more of its cars and trucks and that it will begin installing the satellite 
After a long, messy process, a planet is born Earth-size planets form around other stars in a process that #39;s considerably longer and more violent than previously believed, a team of astronomers using NASA #39;s Spitzer Space Telescope announced Monday.
Micron Technology to Build Chinese Factory US memory chip maker Micron Technology Inc. plans to build its first factory in China, to assemble and test semiconductors, the company said Monday.
Large Binocular Telescope Dedicated in Arizona A troubled, 20-year journey to create the world #39;s most powerful optical telescope is nearing an end, with astronomers hoping to begin using the instrument to look for heavenly breakthroughs early next year.
Intel Slashes Notebook Computer Chip Prices If you #39;re in the market for a new notebook computer it #39;s your lucky day, Intel has announced a major price cut on its chips for mobile notebooks.
Telescope Can See a Future PHOENIX -- A troubled, 20-year journey to create the world #39;s most powerful optical telescope is nearing an end, with astronomers hoping to begin using the instrument to look for heavenly breakthroughs early next year.
Thank heaven for Arsenal, the sunshine boys IF IT wasn #39;t for Arsenal - thank heaven not for little girls but for Arsenal, Maurice Chevalier would have crooned had he cared for the beautiful game - the Premiership might already be in the process of being re-named.
Sooners Bumped Back By BCS The voters say Oklahoma is still the number-two team in the nation. The computers say otherwise. The Sooners check in at third in the initial edition of the BCS standings, taking a backseat to a Miami team 
LONDON CALLING TO THE IOC The national and international promotion of London #39;s bid to host the 2012 Olympic Games began yesterday with 200,000 people lining the streets of the capital and partying in Trafalgar Square.
Johnson had two picks vs. Ole Miss KNOXVILLE, Tenn. -- Defensive back Brandon Johnson, who had two interceptions for Tennessee (No. 13 ESPN/USA Today, No. 11 AP) at Mississippi, was suspended indefinitely Monday for violation of team rules.
Camby locks onto puck fans Marcus Camby is a hockey fan. He wasn #39;t happy when his hometown Hartford Whalers bolted to North Carolina in 1997. But the Denver Nuggets center realizes the NHL lockout can benefit his team.
Souness to act on foul-mouthed Bellamy London - Newcastle manager Graeme Souness was to study video evidence before deciding whether to punish Craig Bellamy who was caught by TV cameras abusing him after being substituted during Sunday #39;s 1-1 draw with Charlton.
Models steal Masters spotlight But fashion models turned as many heads as the tennis by replacing the traditional ball boys and girls on the main court. Costa, ranked 50th, claimed a 6-2 5-7 7-5 victory to advance to a second meeting with top-seeded Tim Henman.
No Longer A Rumour... In a move likely to raise many eyebrows and many hopes around the Emerald City, the Seattle Seahawks have acquired Jerry Rice from the Oakland Raiders for a conditional seventh-round draft pick.
Israeli Troops Kill Four Arab Terrorists Near Gaza Military Camp Israeli troops shot and killed four Arab terrorists in separate incidents in and around the northern Gaza Strip. Israel Radio reports Israeli troops shot and killed two terrorists who managed to slip across 
Another typhoon near Japan, 260 flights cancelled TOKYO - Another strong typhoon was approaching Japans southwestern-most prefecture of Okinawa Tuesday morning, causing the cancellation of 260 domestic flights, authorities said.
German border police convicted over Sudanese death FRANKFURT - Three German border policemen who suffocated to death a Sudanese asylum seeker they were trying to deport received nine month suspended jail terms from a German court on Monday.
 #39;Why Does the War Keep Chasing Us? #39; Dinka men once danced in a green field here in Darfur. A weave of drum rhythms would rise with the smoke of their twilight bonfires.
Porter will adjust his exchange rate Look for the exhibition-season substitution habits of Milwaukee Bucks coach Terry Porter to change soon. Coach Terry Porter says he will start to change his substitution pattern.
Typhoon approaches mainland Japan The Japanese mainland is under threat from another typhoon - the second in less than two weeks. Typhoon Tokage has been lashing the southern Okinawa islands with heavy rain and winds gusting above 140 kilometres an hour.
Darfur rebels use human shields same mistake in the country #39;s east, where tensions are rising along the border with Eritrea. crises. The United States has called the violence in Darfur genocide.
Newcastle and Charlton battle to draw EUROPEAN FOOTBALL: Newcastle climbed just one place to eighth instead of five spots to fourth because of a 1-1 tie with Charlton. Rangers beat Motherwell 2-0.
Jailed lifestyle guru Stewart finds fellow inmates nice Things arent so bad at Camp Cupcake after all, according to Martha Stewart, who has posted her first public comments to supporters since she began serving a five-month prison sentence ten days ago for lying about a stock sale.
Ford to expand Sirius satellite radio offerings Ford Motor Co. said Monday it will begin offering Sirius Satellite Radio as a dealer-installed option in four more vehicles by year #39;s end and is targeting up to 20 vehicle 
Bid to be the world #39;s biggest gold firm Harmony Gold Mining Co, South African gold firm, has made a \$8.2 billion bid to acquire its much bigger rival -- Gold Fields. If the acquisition or the merger goes through, it would create the world #39;s largest gold producing company.
AXA rejects takeover bid as stock falls AXA Asia Pacific shares dropped 44 cents or 10 per cent in early trading this morning following an announcement the group had terminated talks with its French parent AXA SA over a proposed minority buyout deal.
Barcelo Crestline to Acquire Missouri-Based Hotel Group Barcelo Crestline Corp., a privately held McLean hotel company, said yesterday it plans to acquire a Missouri-based firm that is one of the country #39;s largest independent owners and operators of hotels.
VERITAS extends its reach, support and solution sets with Volante Sydney, Australia, October 19, 2004 VERITAS Software, the leading provider of enterprise storage software, has signed an Elite Partnership agreement with leading Australian owned IT Company, Volante.
Rumors of Shakeup in Military-Ruled Myanmar (Reuters) Reuters - Months of tension in Myanmar's junta\appeared to break into the open on Tuesday amid rumors Prime\Minister Khin Nyunt may have been arrested, Thai officials and\diplomats said.
Official: Border Terror Fears Overblown (AP) AP - The new head of Mexico's federal police force said Monday he doesn't see the U.S.-Mexico border as a terror target and that while terrorists may try to use this country to sneak into America, there's no evidence they have yet done so.
Three Germans Sentenced for Refugee Death (AP) AP - Three German border police officers were sentenced to nine months probation for the 1999 death of a Sudanese refugee.
Fla. Senate Candidates Have Opposing Views (AP) AP - Republican Mel Martinez, hoping to become the first Cuban-American senator, criticized his opponent Monday for saying she would not have voted for the war in Iraq "knowing what I know now." The first debate between Martinez and Democrat Betty Castor comes as a new poll found Castor had erased the small gap between them.
Brazil says nuclear deal reached UN nuclear inspectors abandon demands for unlimited access to Brazilian facilities, the country says.
The man who killed Veerappan It is perhaps appropriate that the man who has killed the most-wanted brigand in the country should be called K Vijay Kumar. The 1975 batch police officer from the Tamil Nadu cadre had volunteered in 2000 
Yield on Bonds and baseball: dropping? The slugger #39;s testimony on steroid use raises sharp questions about integrity of baseball and all pro sports. By Mark Sappenfield  Staff writer of The Christian Science Monitor.
Oil fall greases Wall St rise A SHARP drop in oil prices helped US stocks post modest gains on Wall Street overnight. Investors who had sold stocks as oil prices climbed reversed course and started buying as the cost of crude declined.
Now, Yanks are on hot seat All the heat and pressure are on them for a change now, and if they lose the next two games and this playoff series to Boston, we may witness two unique phenomena simultaneously: the reversal of an 84-year-old Curse and George Steinbrenner #39;s head 
Insurance Investigation Widens to Include a Look at Costs The New York attorney general is pursuing reports of payoffs that may increase coverage costs for tens of millions.
Iraq's Allawi Extends Arms-For-Cash Plan BAGHDAD, Iraq - Iraqi Prime Minister Ayad Allawi announced plans Monday to extend a cash-for-weapons program for Shiite fighters in Baghdad's Sadr City to cities nationwide in an attempt to disarm the country.    In Fallujah, the focal point of the Sunni rebellion, hopes that peace talks could resume there quickly were dashed when the city's chief negotiator, Sheik Khaled al-Jumeili, ruled out restarting talks soon despite his release Monday from U.S...
Astros Beat Cards 3-0 to Take NLCS Lead HOUSTON - On a night when pitching suddenly took over the NL playoffs, someone was bound to get a hit. Fortunately for the Houston Astros, Jeff Kent stepped up...
Yanks, BoSox Tied 4-4 After 13 Innings BOSTON - The New York Yankees and Boston were tied 4-4 after 13 innings Monday night with the Red Sox trying to stay alive in the AL championship series.    Boston tied the game with two runs in the eighth inning on David Ortiz's solo homer, a walk to Kevin Millar, a single by Trot Nixon and a sacrifice fly by Jason Varitek...
Terrorist Zarqawi Swears Allegiance to Bin Laden The U.S. intelligence community considers authentic a message on an Islamic Web site in which Abu Musab Zarqawi was announced to have sworn his network's allegiance to Osama bin Laden and al Qaeda, a senior administration official said on Monday.
African Town Compromise A much-debated plan to create  quot;African Town quot; in Detroit got the go-ahead from the city council Monday, but this resolution is different from the one that some called unconstitutional.
Sources: Few details to be ironed out While a swap had not yet been consummated Monday evening, there is mounting circumstantial evidence that Oakland Raiders wide receiver Jerry Rice will be dealt to the Seattle Seahawks before the league #39;s Tuesday trade deadline.
Sudan says Darfur rebels using human shields Sudan #39;s security chief has said rebels in the western region of Darfur have drawn army fire and aerial bombardment on to Darfur villages by using them as cover and as bases for military operations.
Politicians enter fray as Opel workers drive wildcat strikes into &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Workers at German car maker Opel halted production at a factory in Bochum for a fifth consecutive day yesterday in protest at plans by US parent General Motors (GM) to slash thousands of jobs in Europe.
Panel delays latest ALH bid WOOLWORTHS went on a shopping spree last night, trying to grab 20 per cent of pubs owner Australian Leisure  amp; Hospitality in its bid to thwart rival Coles Myer.
Dell extends lead in PCs com October 18, 2004, 4:57 PM PT. ZDNet #39;s survey of IT professionals in October kept upgrading hardware at number two on the businesses radar throughout the year.
Watchdog: TSA overpaying Boeing for airport security contract WASHINGTON An internal audit found the Transportation Security Administration overpaid Boeing on a contract to install explosive detection equipment at commercial airports.
Astros Beat Cards 3-0 to Take NLCS Lead (AP) AP - On a night when pitching suddenly took over the NL playoffs, someone was bound to get a hit. Fortunately for the Houston Astros, Jeff Kent stepped up.
AMD, Intel Stick with Speed for Gamers Both AMD and Intel are preparing to unveil new, ultra high-end processor refreshes later this month that will push the 3.5 GHz mark.
Amd64 Journeys to Shangri-La with Mark Knopfler SUNNYVALE, Calif. - (BUSINESS WIRE) -ct. 18, 2004  - (NYSE:AMD) today announced that guitar superstar Mark Knopflers latest album Shangri-La was recorded in high-resolution 24-bit/96kHz 
Red Sox Stay Alive with Epic 14th-Inning Win David Ortiz drove in three runs, including the game winner in the bottom of the 14th inning, to lead Boston to a rallying 5-4 victory over the New York Yankees which kept the Red Sox #39;s postseason hopes alive Monday.
Savor Beltran while he #39;s hot HOUSTON -- The attitude of every team in the postseason is: concentrate on today and let tomorrow take care of itself. That would be a good strategy for baseball-watchers, too, especially when they watch Carlos Beltran.
USC, Miami atop first BCS rankings When the Bowl Championship Series committee set out in the summer to reorganize the formula by which the BCS standings are calculated, it decided to give more weight to the human polls than the computer rankings.
One player suspended, another dismissed by Fulmer Defensive back Brandon Johnson, who had two interceptions for Tennessee at Mississippi, was suspended indefinitely Monday for violation of team rules.
Jets' Edwards Avoids Bulletin Board Material Even before the hype could begin for Sunday's game against the New England Patriots, Jets Coach Herman Edwards was insisting upon a measure of caution.
Red Sox Extend Season David Ortiz saves the Red Sox for the second straight game, singling home the winning run in the 14th inning to give the Red Sox a 5-4 win to force Game 6 in New York.
Astros Take Lead Jeff Kent ends a pitcher's duel with a three-run homer in the ninth Monday that lifts the Astros over St. Louis, 3-0, for a 3-2 edge in the NLCS.
Seattle Acquires Rice Seattle Coach Mike Holmgren confirmed rumors on Monday, trading for the disgruntled Jerry Rice from the Oakland Raiders.
Rams and Bucs tied after three quarters Will Heller caught a 1-yard touchdown pass from Brian Griese that lifted the Tampa Bay Buccaneers into a 21-21 tie with the St. Louis Rams after three quarters on Monday night.
PM rules out extra troops for Iraq Australia was unlikely to extend its role in Iraq but would keep its troops in the war-torn nation until the job was done, Prime Minister John Howard said.
About 260 air flights cancelled because of Typhoon Tokage TOKYO, October 19 (Itar-Tass) - About 260 air flights have been cancelled in Japan on Tuesday because of Typhoon Tokage, which currently rages in the country #39;s south.
Indian minister hits out at textbook praising Hitler (AFP) AFP - An Indian minister said a school text-book used in the violence-prone western state of Gujarat portrayed Adolf Hitler as a role model.
PlayStation 3 chip to debut in IBM desktop Sony revealed new details on Monday on the chip that will power the next PlayStation and said development is on track to deliver products based on the chip next year.
Kerry Courts Jews With Hebrew Stickers (AP) AP - John Kerry boasts of flying an Israeli jet and calls out in Hebrew during Florida campaign stops, trying to keep the state's large Jewish population from straying to President Bush.
Nikkei Up One Percent, Fujitsu Jumps  TOKYO (Reuters) - Tokyo's Nikkei stock average rose 1.16  percent by midday on Tuesday as gains on Wall Street and a slip  in crude oil prices encouraged investors to scoop up bargains  after seven straight days of losses.
TSA Deal Overpaid Boeing, Report Says Boeing Co. received at least \$49 million in excessive profits on a \$1.2 billion contract to supply explosives-detection systems to hundreds of the nation's airports, the Department of Homeland Security's inspector general reported Monday.
Barcelo Crestline to Acquire Missouri-Based Hotel Group Barcelo Crestline Corp., a privately held McLean hotel company, said yesterday it plans to acquire a Missouri-based firm that is one of the country's largest independent owners and operators of hotels.
Regulator Stops Sale Of Thrift Federal regulators have rejected the second of two suitors for Independence Federal Savings Bank, leaving the money-losing District institution pursuing a strategy to survive as an independent thrift.
Watergate Co-op Owners Win Ruling A Delaware judge ruled yesterday that co-op owners at the Watergate East were within their rights when they voted this summer to reject the offer of a D.C. developer to purchase property as part of a plan to convert the Watergate Hotel into more luxury co-ops.
A New Trial of Celebrex, and Questions on Its Timing Pfizer said that it would sponsor a major clinical trial of Celebrex, its prescription arthritis pain medication, to assess the cardiovascular benefits of the drug.
3M Posts Higher Profit The results for the current quarter came in slightly below expectations and the company sounded a note of caution on the global economy.
Pfizer Says It Will Do Study of Possible Benefits of Celebrex Pfizer said today that it would sponsor a major clinical trial of Celebrex, its prescription arthritis pain medication, to assess the cardiovascular benefits of the drug.
Microsoft math: dual core licensed as one chip Siding with chip makers, Microsoft said it won't charge double for its per-processor licenses when dual-core chips come to market next year.
Intel's dual-core Xeon due in 2006 A competing chip from rival Advanced Micro Devices will likely arrive several months earlier.
IBM pushing wireless through partnerships The computing giant is stepping up its wireless efforts through partnerships, looking to sell to municipalities, hospitals and colleges.
Search Marketing Off the Beaten Track Opportunities for effective, inexpensive search marketing are abundant when you and 'think outside the (Big Search) box' and look to vertical or specialized content sites. 
Gold Fields, Harmony dominate JSE Gold miners Harmony (HAR) and Gold Fields (GFI) dominated activity on the JSE Securities Exchange South Africa (JSE) on Monday, with the former taking a knock after announcing a hostile bid for the latter.
Germany: Opel cuts over 10,000 auto jobs Workers at Opel auto plants in Bochum walked out Thursday as soon as the parent company, General Motors, announced it was cutting 10,000 jobs in Germany.
IBM #39;s 3rd-Quarter Profit Beats Analysts #39; Predictions I.BM, a barometer of trends in the computing business, delivered a solid quarterly performance yesterday that pointed to modest if uneven improvement in the corporate technology sector.
Technology ; PC Shipments Rise 12 Pct Worldwide in 3rd Quarter Good growth in notebook shipments during the back-to-school season coupled with desktop replacements among businesses and consumers sustained another strong quarter in Europe, the Middle East and Africa, IDC said.
Hammons merger eyed John Q. Hammons is cooperating with a proposal by a Spanish company to take over the hotel magnates public business in a deal worth an estimated \$64 million.
Yum executive quits for Kmart Yum! Brands Inc. operations chief Aylwin Lewis has resigned from the Louisville restaurant company to become president and chief executive officer of discount retailer Kmart.
Rams 28, Buccaneers 21 Looks like the Greatest Show on Turf is in high gear -- on offense and defense. Torry Holt caught two long touchdown passes and Adam Archuletta returned a fumble 93 yards Monday night, keying the Rams #39; 28-21 victory over Tampa Bay.
Firefox Gets Ready for Ad Splash (Ziff Davis) Ziff Davis - Mozilla is kicking off a campaign to promote Firefox and its supporters in a New York Times advertisement. Meanwhile, downloads keep climbing for Web browsing alternatives to Internet Explorer.
Karnataka CM compliments STF on killing Veerappan Karnataka Chief Minister N Dharam Singh on Tuesday expressed happiness over the gunning down of forest brigand Veerappan, saying his menace had ended.
Karzai leading in Afghan polls PESHAWAR, Oct 18: Afghan President Hamid Karzai continued to maintain his lead over his rival candidates in the presidential elections.
Boston Beats Yanks 5-4 in 14 Innings BOSTON - Just like the game that seemed it would never end, Boston's season just won't end. David Ortiz's RBI single on the 471st pitch of the game with two outs in the 14th inning capped a second straight amazing comeback in less than 24 hours Monday night and gave the Red Sox a 5-4 victory over the New York Yankees in the AL championship series...
Drop in oil prices spurs rally in stocks A sharp drop in oil prices gave Wall Street a modest relief rally yesterday, with stocks edging higher on news that oil production had soared during the month of September.
Small Business, Ill-Defined You may not have heard my name mentioned, but I was a hot item of discussion during the Bush-Kerry debates. How can that be, given that the words  quot;Allan Sloan quot; passed the lips of neither Kerry nor Bush?
Healthy house prices in Scotland Property prices in Scotland are still looking healthy, despite the steepest fall in nine years across the rest of the UK. The latest survey from the Royal Institution of Chartered Surveyors shows that while 
Stretching out Jonathan Neal, 24, bought a \$400,000 condo in Northwest this past summer, while high housing prices have forced many of his friends to live with their parents.
Businesses keep Q3 PC growth on track PC shipments have started to ease off, as expected, but the worldwide PC market remained fairly strong in the third quarter, according to research from IDC and Gartner released Monday.
Hoping for a miracle on grass The Red Sox trotted out Berge Avadanian to make the ceremonial  quot;Play Ball quot; announcement before Game 5 of the American League Championship Series last night at Fenway Park.
Houston now in control HOUSTON - From the start, Game 5 of the National League Championship Series was unlike any of the previous four. But in the end, it was decided by another home run, this one from Houston #39;s Jeff Kent with 
ACC Unveils New Football Division Names, Logo Conference expansion means many things: new schools, new rivalries, new divisions and, as it turns out, a new logo. The ACC -- which this year added Miami and Virginia Tech, and next year welcomes Boston College 
Car Navigation Units Keep Business Trips on Course In-car navigation systems in rental cars have made navigating unfamiliar cities much easier for business travelers who drive rather than fly.
I.B.M.'s 3rd-Quarter Profit Beats Analysts' Predictions I.B.M. delivered a solid quarterly performance that pointed to modest if uneven improvement in the corporate technology sector.
MCI Planning to Write Down Phone Assets MCI said it planned to take a \$3.5 billion charge in the third quarter to better reflect the loss in value of its phone and data networks, mirroring similar steps by AT T and Sprint.
Telstra Corp. Appoints Akhurst to Head Sensis Advertising Unit Telstra Corp., Australia #39;s largest phone company, appointed Bruce Akhurst as chief executive of its Sensis publishing and classified advertising arm, as part of its third executive shuffle in two years.
Powell Tells Paper U.S. Working on Iraq Election (Reuters) Reuters - The United States is doing\everything it can to put in place conditions that will allow\Iraqis to conduct elections due by Jan. 30, Secretary of State\Colin Powell said in an interview published on Tuesday.
Shares Edge Higher as Price of Crude Oil Drops Sharply By The Associated Press. A sharp drop in oil prices gave Wall Street some relief yesterday, with stocks edging higher on news that oil production soared in September.
Fast-Food Chains #39; Executive Is Appointed Chief of Kmart Less than 18 months after emerging from bankruptcy protection, Kmart announced yesterday that it was replacing its president and chief executive with an outsider whose background is in the fast-food restaurant business.
Shares in Hospice Company Plunge Shares of Odyssey Healthcare, which provides hospice care for people nearing death, plunged yesterday after the company reduced its profit forecasts and announced that the Justice Department 
SBC offering \$2 Wi-Fi access WASHINGTON (CBS.MW) -- SBC Communications said Monday it will offer high-speed wireless access for \$2 a month to customers of the company #39;s DSL Internet service.
Tavarez Breaks His Hand in Outburst In what must now be considered an epidemic, yet another pitcher involved in this postseason has broken his non-throwing hand during a tantrum that followed a poor performance.
Rams 28 Buccaneers 21 ST. LOUIS Marc Bulger threw an early fourth-quarter 36-yard touchdown pass to Tory Holt as the St. Louis Rams held off the struggling Tampa Bay Buccaneers 28-to-21.
After two decades, Veerappan saga ends (update): India News: Chennai, Oct 19 : Tamil Nadu #39;s security forces were triumphant Tuesday after dramatically killing forest brigand Veerappan, ending a gory criminal saga as well as the country #39;s longest manhunt.
Kent Gives Astros 3-2 Series Lead Over Cards  HOUSTON (Reuters) - Jeff Kent's three-run homer in the  ninth inning gave Houston a 3-0 win over the St Louis Cardinals  Monday to move the Astros within one game of reaching the World  Series for the first time in their 43-year history.
Raiders Trade Rice to Seahawks Jerry Rice, the most productive receiver in N.F.L. history, got his wish Monday night when the Oakland Raiders traded him to the Seattle Seahawks.
Profit-taking pushes oil prices downward Oil prices fell sharply yesterday in what traders described as a wave of profit-taking after futures hit a new high above \$55 a barrel and after gasoline futures fell sharply on indications of declining demand.
Macquarie Bank trading halt MACQUARIE Bank Ltd announced a suspension of trading in its shares after the market closed today. Paterson Securities adviser Michael Heffernan said the trading halt could be related to two issues - the 
US Airways to boost number of flights US Airways, operating in bankruptcy, will increase service from Charlotte, NC, and Philadelphia and spread flights during the day, boosting its schedule 7 percent without adding aircraft.
Update 6: Ace, AIG End Commissions Eyed in Probe The company at the center of a probe into insurance brokerage fees says it took in more than \$1.2 billion in incentive payments over the past 18 months and that its decision to stop using such fees will reduce operating income.
IBM profits hit by \$320m pensions settlement Technology industry bellwether IBM has reported a healthy rise in net income in the third quarter, but its overall results were hampered by a \$320m legal settlement related to its employee pension plan.
Sainsbury takes profit hit to boost sales Sainsbury says it will take a 550 million pound hit to profits this year as it invests to boost sales and reverse falling market share.
MCI to write down assets of \$3.5 billion as sales fall MCI, the second-largest US long-distance telephone company, will write down assets by \$3.5 billion in the third quarter, reflecting their reduced value as calling prices tumble and demand declines.
ESCALADE TOPS  #39;HOT #39;-ROD LIST The flashy Cadillac Escalade EXT, the favorite ride of rappers and movie stars, is the newer-model vehicle car thieves are most likely to steal, according to a study released yesterday.
Local PC sales remain strong AUSTRALIA and India have remained the stand out markets for PC growth in the Asia Pacific region, growing 30 and 19 per cent respectively in the third quarter, according to new research.
Detroit soft-pedals African Town plan The City Council backtracked Monday on its African Town economic empowerment zone, striking down a controversial proposal that loans be given only to black business applicants.
Microsoft, Cisco Partner on Security Improvements Microsoft and Cisco Systems today said they will share security and network health technologies in an effort to stop, isolate and eliminate viruses and other malicious software on Windows-based networks.
JBoss unveils workflow engine Open source company JBoss this week introduced a workflow engine that broadens the company #39;s middleware stack. JBPM 2.0 was developed with the open source project of the same name 
Geologist monitors emissions for clues about volcanoes MOUNT ST. HELENS -- The plane is a speck of mica in the volcano #39;s plume. It cuts back and forth through the cloud, battling the updrafts, downdrafts and turbulent air currents that form over a hot, heaving crater.
Sony to start marketing mini PS2 in November and PSP in 1Q &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Sony Computer Entertainment (SCE) unveiled a slimmer and more lightweight version of its PS2 game console in Taipei last Friday, and the company will begin shipping the product in Taiwan on November 3. The 
Wireless alternative to DSL mooted NETWORKING outfit Netgear said it is planning to release stuff using a wireless technology that #39;s an alternative to DSL and cable Internet access.
Powerline Ethernet Gets the Nod Broadband over powerline (BPL) got a boost from the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) last week, but even as the technology begins deployments, it #39;s unclear how much of a fight it will put up against DSL and cable.
Red Sox refuse to give up BOSTON - Patiently, David Ortiz fouled off the best fastballs and sliders Esteban Loaiza could throw. Through a 10-pitch at-bat, he refused to cave in, refused to let this series, this season die.
=== One-hit wonders by Backe and Kent give Houston NLCS lead === Brandon Backe #39;s arm and Jeff Kent #39;s bat have gotten the Houston Astros within a game of where the franchise has never been before - the World Series.
Manchester Utd confirm Glazer raises stake to 27.6 pct US sports tycoon Malcolm Glazer has raised his stake in Manchester United Plc to 27.63 percent from 25.3 percent, the Premier League club said on Tuesday, heightening speculation that he will bid for them.
Sims #39; play draws raves from coach TALLAHASSEE  Linebacker Ernie Sims earned a high number of  quot;Tomahawk Points quot; for his play against Virginia on Saturday.
Dolphins lead in turnovers DAVIE  As the lone offensive player remaining from the 1999 Dolphins, fullback Rob Konrad already was part of a unit that allowed the most returns for touchdowns in the NFL.
Mutu to assess options Chelsea striker Adrian Mutu is facing up to the realisation of what a positive drugs test could mean after he was relieved of his training obligations while the club investigate the case.
Glazer ups United stake again US businessman Malcolm Glazer has lifted his stake in Manchester United to 27.6 from 25.3, heightening speculation that he will bid for the world #39;s richest soccer club.
Horna will face Ferrero in Madrid Luis Horna will clash with Juan Carlos Ferrero at the Madrid Masters after a first-round win over Hicham Arazi. The Peruvian broke Arazi to win the first set and, although the Moroccan recovered from 5-2 to 
Steelers QB stands tall IRVING, Texas - Ben Roethlisberger completed 21 of 25 passes and two touchdowns, leading the Pittsburgh Steelers to a 24-20 comeback win over the Dallas Cowboys.
Henman #39;s chance to shine at the top It is rare to see a British player #39;s name at the top of a draw sheet for any international tournament, let alone an ATP Masters Series event.
Lukashenko can keep power: Belarus officials A woman casts her vote at a polling station in Sivitsa, 70 kilometres from Minsk, October 17. AFP. MINSK (AFP) - Belarus officials said Monday that President Alexander Lukashenko handily won the right to seek 
Karzai team believes victory  quot;secure quot; Afghanistan #39;s interim leader Hamid Karzai is certain to win the country #39;s landmark presidential election, his campaign spokesman said after early returns gave Karzai a commanding advantage.
Sharon stands firm on withdrawing settlers Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon vowed yesterday not to yield to pressure by Jewish settlers to give up his plan to withdraw soldiers and settlers from the Gaza Strip and a portion of the West Bank.
Susilo told not to choose ministerial candidates from New Order &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; JAKARTA (JP): Political observer Bungaran Antonius Simanjuntak urged president-elect Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono on Tuesday not to choose ministerial candidates from the New Order regime to avoidtarnishing his government.
Holt Scores Two Touchdowns to Lead Rams Past Bucs (Reuters) Reuters - Torry Holt caught two touchdown\passes, including a 36-yard effort early in the fourth quarter\for the game-winning points, to power the host St Louis Rams to\a 28-21 victory over the Tampa Bay Buccaneers Monday.
Baseball-Red Sox Stay Alive with Epic 14th-Inning Win (Reuters) Reuters - David Ortiz drove in three runs,\including the game winner in the bottom of the 14th inning, to\lead Boston to a rallying 5-4 victory over the New York Yankees\which kept the Red Sox's postseason hopes alive Monday.
Scientists: New Planets May Take Longer This animation illustrates a massive collision between rocky, embryonic planets as big as mountain ranges. Such collisions form the basis of the planet-building process.
Back to front switches blamed for space probe crash It shouldn #39;t happen to a scientist: investigators have found that the \$250m (139m) Genesis space probe, which crash-landed in the Utah desert last month, failed because the switches designed to trigger its parachute were installed backwards.
RIM Intros Souped-Up BlackBerry for Mobile Enterprise Research In Motion is launching a new wireless BlackBerry in conjunction with its BlackBerry Enterprise Server software in an appeal to enterprise customers and developers of mobile-workforce applications.
Modem to Connect With Speedy Cellular Tech NEW YORK Oct. 18, 2004 - A top networking gear producer plans to offer a speedy new cellular technology that #39;s an alternative to DSL and cable Internet access with the added advantage of being available on the road.
Glazer Ups Man Utd Stake - Again His new acquisition - taking his holding from 25.3 to 27.63 - has heightened speculation he will soon make a definite takeover bid.
Israeli Forces Kill 6 Militants In Gaza Dubai, Oct. 19 (NNN): The Israeli military has claimed to have killed six Palestinian militants in separate incidents in and around Gaza.
US commander Franks denies hunt for bin Laden was 'outsourced' (AFP) AFP - A former commander of US forces in Iraq and Afghanistan has denied a claim by Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry that US troop had  quot;oursourced quot; the hunt for Osama bin Laden in Afghanistan's eastern border region of Tora Bora in the wake of the September 11 attacks.
Falluja hit by fresh air strikes US warplanes pound targets in the Iraqi city of Falluja in a continuing campaign against militants.
Hosts await drink-drive verdict A French court is to rule on a couple accused of failing to stop a drunk friend driving home and killing a family in a crash.
Newmont cleared in Indonesia Indonesian authorities find no traces of mercury pollution near US mining firm Newmont's Buyat Bay site.
Protests at GM job cuts to spread Staff at  General Motors are to hold protests across Europe at the company's plans to cut 12,000 jobs.
The A.C.C. Runs Deep and Strong This Season With the addition of the powerhouses Miami and Virginia Tech this year, there is little doubt that football has become the new money sport that drives the Atlantic Coast Conference. But the sport of champions in the A.C.C., for now, remains men's basketball.
Aerosols 'harm mother and baby' Air fresheners and aerosols can damage of the health of babies and their mothers, warn researchers.
Oil Slips But Holds Over  #36;53 (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. oil prices fell for a second session\on Tuesday on worries that high energy costs may crimp economic\growth, but crude remained firmly planted above  #36;50 a barrel on\persistent fears of a winter supply crunch.
Starters: Nothing was something Brandon Backe and Woody Williams pitched well last night even though neither earned a win. But their outings will show up in the record books.
Glazer spends 17M to up Man Utd stake The American millionaire yesterday splashed another 17million to buy a further six million shares to add to the 45m purchase he made late on Friday.
BCS rankings still rankling It didn #39;t take long. First poll, first controversy. Or at least mini-controversy. If you had taken the wisdom of the two human polls, the first Bowl Championship 
Burma PM  #39;removed #39; THE secretive military government of Burma was at the centre of rumours today that the prime minister, the long-powerful General Khin Nyunt, had been removed from office, diplomats in Burma and senior officials in neighbouring Thailand said.
Europeans in Thrall of American Culture (AP) AP - They grew up listening to '70s soul, learning to break dance, wearing Nikes, watching the "Star Wars" trilogy again and again. For the French rap group IAM, the fascination with American culture started when they were kids.
Marines Vent Frustration in Western Iraq (AP) AP - The sound of the Black Hawk medical helicopter is an ominous sign for the Marines patrolling this forgotten western corner of Iraq that borders Syria. It means that one of them is seriously wounded or killed by their elusive enemy.
Bills Beat Dolphins, 42-32 (AP) AP - A.J. Feeley was the better quarterback early. Then Drew Bledsoe began to pick apart the Miami Dolphins' defense.
Asian Stocks Rise on U.S. Tech Advances  SINGAPORE (Reuters) - Investors bought shares in Asian  exporters and electronics firms such as Fujitsu Ltd. on  Tuesday, buoyed by a favorable outlook from U.S. technology  bellwethers and a slide in oil prices.
Oil Slips But Holds Over \$53  TOKYO (Reuters) - U.S. oil prices fell for a second session  on Tuesday on worries that high energy costs may crimp economic  growth, but crude remained firmly planted above \$50 a barrel on  persistent fears of a winter supply crunch.
Wakefield comes through in extra innings Tim Wakefield already had left Aaron Boone #39;s homer that won last year #39;s AL championship series far behind. Now he has a more pleasant playoff memory.
US to appeal against WTO ruling The United States will appeal a World Trade Organisation (WTO) ruling that US cotton subsidies violate international trading rules, charging that the verdict was based on erroneous findings.
Broker  quot;fees quot; from insurers a real crime The insurance industry offers lots of reasons why policies are so expensive: terrorism, hurricanes, the economy, rising medical costs, lawyers and frivolous lawsuits.
Celebrex Maker Will Examine Heart Risks With concern growing that a popular new class of arthritis medicine might increase a patient #39;s risk of heart attack and stroke, the maker of Celebrex -- one of the most widely sold drugs in 
Housing Boom  #39;Over  #39; After Rate Hikes The house price boom has ended with values falling by their steepest for almost a decade, according to a national survey. The Royal Institute of Chartered Surveyors says the decline in prices is the biggest 
Study claims planets lead violent life Suggesting a necessary change to astronomy textbooks, astronomers announced Monday that planets form through a lengthier and more violent series of collisions 
Astros launch into NLCS lead Houston - Jeff Kent sat alone in the dugout Monday, thinking forward and counting backward. As the sellout crowd of 43,045 screamed, waving white towels, the Houston Astros #39; second baseman began preparing for the biggest at-bat in the franchise #39;s history.
Shaq leaves Collier with a souvenir in Heat #39;s win Miami - The Atlanta Hawks got their first look at Shaquille O #39;Neal in a Miami Heat uniform Monday night as he cut through them like a human blowtorch.
Gas prices top \$2 a gallon in state It's back: \$2 gasoline. After sliding steadily from late June through the Labor Day weekend, the average price for a gallon of self-serve unleaded gasoline in Massachusetts was back up to \$2.01 yesterday, according to the most recent survey by the American Automobile Association. The nationwide average also crossed over the \$2 threshold between Sunday and yesterday, AAA said.
Becoming a player Modell's Sporting Goods planned to open stores in New England at some point. But a year ago, when one regional chain closed 14 stores and another faced bankruptcy, Mitchell Modell, the New York chain's chief executive, decided the timing was now.
Bitter foes, investment bedfellows It may be the only thing Dick Cheney and John F. Kerry have in common: One elite Boston investment firm controls large slices of their family fortunes.
2 insurers drop disputed fees NEW YORK -- Two major insurance companies named in the New York attorney general's investigation into questionable sales practices have discontinued the use of incentive fees, which are at the center of the probe.
Airline to raise number of flights ARLINGTON, Va. -- US Airways Group Inc. , operating in bankruptcy, will increase service from Charlotte, N.C., and Philadelphia and spread flights during the day, boosting its schedule 7 percent without adding aircraft.
Mass. makes 1st technology fund loan Massachusetts awarded the first loan from its newly created \$25 million emerging technology fund to help Acusphere, a Watertown-based biotech company, renovate a Tewksbury building as a manufacturing facility. The granting of the \$2 million loan brought Senate President Robert Travaglini, a Boston Democrat, back together with former House Speaker Thomas Finneran, who recently took a job as president of ...
Hub consumer group joins AFL-CIO in AstraZeneca suit The AFL-CIO and a Boston-based consumer advocacy group sued AstraZeneca yesterday, accusing the drug manufacturer of deceptively selling doctors and patients on the idea that Nexium, the nation's most heavily advertised prescription drug, is an improved purple pill.
Banknorth sought other deals Banknorth Group Inc. solicited bids from several other large banks before deciding that a Canadian bank could acquire a majority stake in the company, chief executive William J. Ryan told analysts yesterday.
Oil prices fall on profit-taking after futures pass \$55 a barrel Oil prices fell sharply yesterday in what traders described as a wave of profit-taking after futures hit a new high above \$55 a barrel and after gasoline futures fell sharply on indications of declining demand.
Hirst restaurant sale makes 11m Fixtures and fittings from Damien Hirst's restaurant Pharmacy sell for 11.1, 8m more than expected.
Pragmatism at heart of Peres's efforts toward peace JERUSALEM -- From the podium of the Israeli Knesset last week, Shimon Peres, the engineer of the Oslo peace process and leader of the parliamentary opposition, lambasted Prime Minister Ariel Sharon's speech on the state of the nation. Minutes later, in a nearby conference room, he urged his Labor party colleagues not to vote against Sharon's program so as not ...
Iraq seeks to extend arms-for-cash BAGHDAD -- Iraqi Prime Minister Ayad Allawi announced plans yesterday to extend a cash-for-weapons program for Shi'ite fighters in Baghdad's Sadr City to cities nationwide in an attempt to disarm the country.
Censorship increasingly hits Russia's media MOSCOW -- When a hostage-taking at a school in southern Russia erupted in explosions last month, viewers who rushed to turn on state-run Channel 1 were treated to a film, ''Lady with a Parrot. quot; They wouldn't have fared much better on Channel 2, which stuck to a travelogue.
Indian police kill notorious bandit BANGALORE, India -- Police have shot dead India's most wanted bandit, Koose Muniswamy Veerappan, accused of chopping up many of the more than 100 people he killed, officials said yesterday.
S. Africa rejects Aristide allegation JOHANNESBURG -- South Africa yesterday dismissed accusations that it was allowing Haiti's ousted President Jean-Bertrand Aristide to coordinate a violent uprising from exile in South Africa.
Afghan election worker, 4 others killed by bomb KABUL, Afghanistan -- A doctor helping organize Afghan elections died yesterday along with four other civilians when an explosion tore through their vehicle, police said. He was the first election worker to die in violence since the landmark vote.
Iran to halt some nuclear activities TEHRAN -- Iran said yesterday it is prepared to temporarily suspend some nuclear activities but would not surrender its right to enrich uranium.
A tale of romance for terror suspect BERLIN -- For the young men in what would later come to be called the Hamburg cell, Ramzi Binalshibh was a leader.
Belarus president says he won mandate to remain in power MINSK, Belarus -- President Alexander Lukashenko of Belarus said yesterday that he won a mandate from voters to stay in power in a weekend referendum scrapping presidential term limits, but foreign observers said the vote was marred by violations and thousands of people protested the outcome.
Case study: Sensing out danger RAE Systems believes the government could do more to exploit sensor tools.
Digital Agenda: Homeland security--Companies profiting from fear (page 3) Multibillion-dollar security initiatives have given rise to a new industry seemingly overnight. A News.com special report.
Digital Agenda: Homeland security--Companies profiting from fear (page 2) Multibillion-dollar security initiatives have given rise to a new industry seemingly overnight. A News.com special report.
Digital Agenda: Homeland security--Companies profiting from fear Multibillion-dollar security initiatives have given rise to a new industry seemingly overnight. A News.com special report.
MCI says its asset values to be written down \$3.5 billion MCI Inc. plans to write down the value of its assets by \$3.5 billion to reflect the decreased worth of the company #39;s telephone network as its consumer business shrinks.
Sainsbury to Cut Headquarter Jobs, Halve Dividend (Update2) J Sainsbury Plc Chief Executive Justin King will cut one quarter of the company #39;s headquarters workforce and halve the dividend as he seeks to revive profit and regain customers lost to Tesco Plc and Wal-Mart Stores Inc.
House prices go on the slide HOUSE prices are falling at their fastest rate for nine years, according to one of the country #39;s most influential property studies.
Hub consumer group joins AFL-CIO in AstraZeneca suit The AFL-CIO and a Boston-based consumer advocacy group sued AstraZeneca yesterday, accusing the drug manufacturer of deceptively selling doctors and patients 
Tennis: Defending champion Myskina sees off world number one &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; MOSCOW : Defending champion and French Open winner Anastasia Myskina advanced into the final of the 2.3 million dollar Kremlin Cup beating new world number one Lindsay Davenport of the United States here.
Galveston #39;s Jones now dishing to Shaq HOUSTON - Ball High grad Damon Jones can list a number of reasons why he signed with the Miami Heat during the offseason, but at the top of that list is one word -haq.
Notebook: Injured Wistrom will miss 4-6 weeks KIRKLAND - They had managed to avoid the injury bug, for the most part, for the first four games of the season. But misfortune finally caught up with the Seahawks the way it has with a bevy of other NFL teams.
Lubick challenges team in Holland #39;s absence Fort Collins - Colorado State coach Sonny Lubick takes it back. He didn #39;t mean to say in the preseason quarterback Justin Holland was the one player the Rams could not do without.
Heat scores style points at home exhibition MIAMI  Monday night #39;s 92-82 victory over the Atlanta Hawks provided Heat fans at AmericanAirlines Arena their first opportunity to offer thanks for the arrival Shaquille O #39;Neal.
Intel cuts prices on chips, laptop to sell cheaper Intel announced on Sunday the prices for its Pentium M processors by 34 percent. The Santa Clara, Calif.-based chipmaker introduced lower prices on its Pentium M processors 
Stocks rise as oil falls from record high A sharp drop in oil prices gave Wall Street a small relief rally Monday, with stocks regaining ground after falling earlier in the session.
WTO: EU sugar subsidies break trade rules The European Union has broken international trade rules by subsidizing sugar producers, the World Trade Organization ruled Friday.
Village mine poison case flaw AUSTRALIAN mining engineer Phil Turner will remain in prison, despite an Indonesian government report indicating the evidence against him is flawed.
Rams 16 49ers 6 ST. LOUIS Steven Jackson #39;s first 100-yard game led St. Louis past San Francisco 16-to-6. Jackson, the first running back taken in this year #39;s draft, ran 26 times for 119 yards on 26 carries.
Jets 29 Texans 7 EAST RUTHERFORD, NJ Chad Pennington returned from a three-game break to rest a strained right rotator cuff and helped the New York Jets beat Houston 29-to-7.
Bush vs. the Laureates: How Science Became a Partisan Issue Why is science seemingly at war with President Bush?
Those Brilliant Fall Outfits May Be Saving Trees As trees across the northern United States turn gold and crimson, scientists are debating exactly what those colors are for.
Doctors Behind Bars: Treating Pain Is Now Risky Business Dr. Frank Fisher's ordeal lingers as a cautionary tale of what can happen to doctors who treat pain aggressively.
From a Physicist and New Nobel Winner, Some Food for Thought As reflected in the talks at the Kavli Institute for Theoretical Physics, the history of physics is, like the universe, a story of expansion.
A Patient's Suicide, a Psychiatrist's Pain Sterile statistics don't shield a therapist from a sense of failure.
Mad Math: Bending Time With 'Primer' Director Shane Carruth, the director of "Primer," compares his film about engineers who build a time machine to his favorite branch of math.
Two wins in hand, two to go New England is at once sleepless, breathless, and full of hope. David Ortiz and the Red Sox just beat the Yankees in two extra-inning playoff games on the same calendar day. This century-long Sox-Yankee show, featuring themes of revenge and redemption, moves back to New York tonight.
Yankees are hoping latest sting doesn't prove fatal Before, it was a nuisance. Now, it has become a downright menace to the Yankees.
Lack of leadership hurting Damon The argument could be made that Johnny Damon was the most productive leadoff man in the majors this season. At least among men not named Ichiro Suzuki. It was trend that continued in the American League Division Series against Anaheim.
Schilling hoping start isn't a finish The way Curt Schilling saw last night's classic in the Fens, it was the 13th round of a 15-round heavyweight prizefight for the ages. Tonight, he represents Boston's great hope in Round 14.
Boston fades from view as Lowe looks ahead In Derek Lowe's dream scenario, a number of teams will vie for his services when he enters free agency this offseason. His only regret is that the Red Sox almost certainly will not be among them.
Francona had no second thought on lineup John W. Henry's hope for tonight in the Bronx?  quot;Let's hope it rains, quot; he said.  quot;Both teams need a day off. quot;
He's elated to be walking on air OK, it's official. There is now an established major league style, an etiquette, for those delightful occasions when one hits a walkoff homer in the postseason.
It was nothing to kick about There are three superb seasons under his belt, a couple of Pro Bowl berths speak volumes about his talent, and there's the matter of two Super Bowl rings. So when Richard Seymour tells you he's figured something out about this NFL business, you'd best listen.
Rams go long on Buccaneers Looks like the Greatest Show on Turf is in high gear -- on offense and defense. Torry Holt caught two long touchdown passes and Adam Archuletta returned a fumble 93 yards last night, keying the Rams' 28-21 victory over Tampa Bay.
Rice gets his wish: Raiders deal receiver to Seahawks Jerry Rice got his wish last night when the Oakland Raiders traded the NFL's most prolific receiver to the Seattle Seahawks.
Murphy's Law has opposite meaning in MLS More than chance and coincidence have enabled John Murphy to be employed by the Eastern Conference championship team two of the last three seasons. If there were an award for most valuable assistant coach in Major League Soccer, the Quincy native would be a certain winner.
For Jefferson, it's not easy being green Ever since rookie Al Jefferson showed up late for a team meeting after misinterpreting the Celtics schedule, he has been the subject of more training camp jokes than he cares to remember. Coach Doc Rivers quipped after practice yesterday that Jefferson risked missing the team's charter flight to Chicago after misreading the trip itinerary. Jefferson insisted that he ...
Everett's Ferri is a gem for Syracuse Diamond Ferri , who rushed for more than 4,000 yards and scored 54 touchdowns while helping lead Everett High School to a pair of Super Bowl championships, has made quite an impression stopping other teams' offenses as a fifth-year senior at Syracuse University.
Harvard claims spot in 1-AA poll Harvard makes its first appearance in this season's Sports Network Division 1-AA football poll at No. 22 following an impressive 41-14 victory over Northeastern Saturday.
BCS rankings still rankling It didn't take long. First poll, first controversy. Or at least mini-controversy. If you had taken the wisdom of the two human polls, the first Bowl Championship Series rankings that were released yesterday should have been a no-brainer.
Girls Top 20 Following is the Globe Top 20 in EMass for girls' soccer. No. Team Record Last 1. Belmont 12-0-1 1 2. Oliver Ames 11-1-0 2 3. Lynnfield 12-0-0 3 4. Andover 12-0-0 4 5. Norwell 12-0-0 5 6. Bishop Feehan 11-1-1 9 7. Old Rochester 12-1-1 7 8. Wellesley 9-0-4 8 9. Marshfield 8-1-4 6 10. Weymouth 10-1-2 10 11. Rockland ...
Catie Whelan Catie Whelan of Weymouth has little problem getting her kicks in. A catalyst behind the No. 10 Wildcats' offense, she is the reason the team sports a 9-1-2 mark in the competitive Bay State Conference. The senior talks about broken shins and macaroni in this week's
Eastie gets a big boost from Santos Elmer Santos scored in the second half, lifting East Boston to a 1-0 win over Brighton yesterday afternoon and giving the Jets an early leg up in what is shaping up to be a tight Boston City League race.
ALPA vote expected this week The Air Line Pilots Association expects to have a decision by early Thursday regarding a \$300 million wage and benefit concession agreement affecting its US Airways pilots, according to a union spokesman.
Maxima, Escalade tops with thieves The Nissan Maxima #39;s fancy headlights have made it such a target for thieves that Maxima #39;s rate of insurance theft claims has gone from inconsequential to second-highest among all vehicles, according to a report out Tuesday.
Buy.com Entering Social Networking Scene (AP) AP - Online retailer Buy.com is inviting itself into the expanding social networking scene, acquiring a Web site that rewards members with checks or gift certificates if they persuade others to buy their favorite products.
Britain seen backing US request on troops An appeal by US commanders for British troops to bolster American forces near Baghdad has sparked angry protests here, but Defense Secretary 
Belarus president says he won mandate to remain in power President Alexander Lukashenko of Belarus said yesterday that he won a mandate from voters to stay in power in a weekend referendum 
Australia tells Indonesia preemptive strikes  #39;unlikely #39; SYDNEY - Australian Prime Minister John Howard assured Indonesia on Tuesday that Australia is unlikely to launch a preemptive attack on its neighbor to take out a terrorist target.
Terror attacks in Iraq aimed at impeding Bush #39;s reelection: Putin Russian President Vladimir Putin, who is in Tajik capital of Dushanbe on a visit, said Monday that the terrorist attacks in Iraq were aimed at preventing US President George W. Bush from being reelected.
Raiders fail to keep up with Broncos The usually heated rivalry between the Raiders and Broncos didn #39;t have the same fire this Sunday after Denver waltzed into Oakland and embarrassed the Raiders, 31-3.
Gooch fills in for injured Quarles again ST. LOUIS -- Tampa Bay Buccaneers middle linebacker Shelton Quarles was a no-go in Monday night #39;s game against the St. Louis Rams because of a strained quadriceps.
Late Street spurt to buoy bourses start (FT.com) FT.com - European bourses are seen starting positively after a late spurt on Wall Street thanks to encouraging results from technology stalwarts IBM and Texas Instruments. A slide in oil back to  #36;53.30 from its  #36;55.33 peak on Monday also helped.
Asian Stocks Rise on U.S. Tech Advances (Reuters) Reuters - Investors bought shares in Asian\exporters and electronics firms such as Fujitsu Ltd. on\Tuesday, buoyed by a favorable outlook from U.S. technology\bellwethers and a slide in oil prices.
High Hopes as Ex-General Takes Over in Indonesia (Reuters) Reuters - A former general with a doctorate in\economics takes power in Indonesia on Wednesday, facing the\challenge of translating a landslide election victory into\action on economic growth and against Islamic militancy.
Saboteurs Hit Pipeline in Northern Iraq (AP) AP - Saboteurs attacked a key oil pipeline in northern Iraq, setting it on fire, police said Tuesday.
U.S. Forces Bomb Falluja, Release Police  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - U.S. forces freed the police chief of  the rebel-held city of Falluja on Tuesday after warplanes  bombed what the military said were houses and arms dumps used  by America's top enemy in Iraq.
High Hopes as Ex-General Takes Over in Indonesia  JAKARTA (Reuters) - A former general with a doctorate in  economics takes power in Indonesia on Wednesday, facing the  challenge of translating a landslide election victory into  action on economic growth and against Islamic militancy.
Social Security Gets Cost of Living Boost WASHINGTON - The cost of living adjustment intended to help more than 47 million Social Security recipients keep up with inflation is expected to be a tad larger in 2005 than it was this year, but the bad news is that much of the increase will be eaten up by higher Medicare premiums.    The Social Security Administration was announcing the new cost of living adjustment, or COLA, Tuesday, but in advance of the release many private economists were predicting a gain of slightly better than 2.5 percent, which would be up from the increase Social Security recipients received at the beginning of this year of 2.1 percent...
MS, Cisco to Collaborate on Security Solution Microsoft and Cisco Systems have announced that the two companies have entered into a pact to share security and network health technologies, to better stop, isolate and eliminate viruses and other malicious codes on Windows-based networks.
AMD Debuts Athlon FX-55, 4000 Chip On Tuesday, Advanced Micro Devices introduced its two fastest processors yet, a quiet slap at Intel #39;s latest roadmap revision.
Big plays spark Rams Things started out oh so easy Monday for the Rams, with a fast and furious lightning bolt of a touchdown pass to Torry Holt less than three minutes into the game.
Huskies cite  #39;dirty #39; hit in Milsten injury When an injury occurs, coaches and players generally pass it off using the age-old adage:  quot;That #39;s football. quot;. However, Dan Milsten #39;s fractured fibula and dislocated ankle during Saturday #39;s Washington-Oregon 
NATIONAL LEAGUE: Kent #39;s HR in 9th stuns Cards, launches Astros to &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Carlos Beltran found ways to ruin the St. Louis Cardinals without hitting a home run. Two innings after making a spectacular catch in centerfield, Beltran led off the ninth inning with a single Monday night.
The mystery of Veerappan #39;s missing moustache The missing handlebar moustache of forest brigand Veerappan has triggered speculation that it wasn #39;t the sandalwood smuggler who was killed in Monday #39;s encounter with the Tamil Nadu Special Task Force near Dharmapuri.
I feel your pain I #39;ve been reading with interest about your recent problems at Marsh Mac. The allegations about customers getting cheated. The incriminating correspondence.
Banknorth sought other deals Banknorth Group Inc. solicited bids from several other large banks before deciding that a Canadian bank could acquire a majority stake in the company, chief 
Airlines brace for crisis SF AIRPORT -- Citing high fuel prices and worsening industry conditions, two airlines announced impending labor cuts while another sat poised to file for bankruptcy.
QNS. HOSP GUNMAN #39;S BIZARRE TALE October 19, 2004 -- The Queens man who allegedly kidnapped and raped his wife after a bloody confrontation at a Queens hospital last month was apparently oblivious to the trouble he was in when cops questioned him, court documents reveal.
Kent blasts Astros ahead Roger Clemens is ready to go on short rest tomorrow. The Astros don #39;t need to rush him back. In a stellar pitching duel and defensive clinic last night, Houston beat the Cardinals, 3 
Mutu  #39;confessed #39; to taking drugs Becali, the most senior of Mutu #39;s team of four advisers, told Romanian television last night that the 25-year-old striker took cocaine at a party.
Ball kids get makeover at Madrid tennis event Women in black tank tops and white, knee-length skirts chased errant shots during Albert Costa #39;s 6-2, 5-7, 7-5 victory over Irakli Labadze.
DON #39;T WRITE OFF UNITED - POBORSKY Manchester United #39;s performances have been a let-down over the past 18 months but Old Trafford old-boy Karel Poborsky is certain a massive change in fortune will not be long in coming.
Sparta Prague v Man Utd Sparta Prague captain Karel Poborsky is set to return to the side after being sidelined for three weeks with a back injury. Central defender Rio Ferdinand will be missing for Manchester United after being 
Beavers hope revival continues vs. Cougars After an early season schedule filled with pitfalls, there #39;s an opportunity for the Oregon State football team to reach .500. The Beavers are coming off an inspired Pacific 
Veerappan shot dead Coimbatore: The country #39;s most wanted forest brigand Veerappan, charged with abduction and murder of politicians and film stars, was on Monday night killed in a gunbattle with Tamil Nadu police in a thick forest about 150 km from here, ending three 
Fallujah #39;s negotiator obeying insurgents The chief negotiator for the city of Fallujah said Monday that he had called off peace talks with the Iraqi government on the orders of guerrillas who control the city 
Karzai far ahead in Afghan vote with quarter of ballots counted KABUL - President Hamid Karzai maintained his large lead in Afghanistans election on sday after almost a quarter of the votes had been counted, according to the electoral commission website.
Powerful typhoon bearing down on Okinawa A powerful typhoon in the Pacific is set to hit the Okinawa islands Tuesday night, Meteorological Agency officials said on Tuesday morning.
Microscopic Diamond Found in Montana (AP) AP - The bright green rocks jutting through the prairie soil were hard to miss, but Tom Charlton still couldn't believe his eyes.
Summary: Microscopic Diamond Found in Mont (AP) AP - WHAT WAS FOUND: A microscopic diamond embedded in kimberlite, the molten rock in which diamonds are found, in Montana.
Nuclear impasse top of agenda as NKorea's No. 2 meets China's leaders (AFP) AFP - North Korea's second ranking leader was scheduled to meet with China's two most powerful men as Beijing persisted in its efforts to revive stalled talks on the nuclear standoff.
How Many Iraqis Are Dying? By One Count, 208 in a Week The deaths of Iraqis, particularly those of civilians, have become an increasingly delicate topic.
DaimlerChrysler, union reach deal at Brampton TORONTO - The Canadian Auto Workers have reached a tentative deal on workplace issues to allow DaimlerChrysler to add 900 jobs to its Brampton assembly plant, but the expansion is still awaiting provincial government assistance.
Microsoft, Cisco tie up to coordinate technologies Seattle, October 19: Microsoft Corp and Cisco Systems Inc on Monday said they would work more closely to make their products work more reliably with each other.
Veritas puts finishing touches on i3 As promised, Veritas has prepped a new release of its i3 management software that will tie into existing applications and give customers sophisticated tools for checking on the performance of server and storage systems.
Kovalcheck tapped for 1st start TUCSON - Beach bum or quarterback? Richard Kovalcheck is out to prove he can be both for the University of Arizona football team. The redshirt freshman #39;s laid-back demeanor was not appreciated by last year #39;s 
Myanmar PM sacked, arrested for corruption--Thai govt Get INQ7 breaking news on your Smart mobile phone in the Philippines. Send INQ7 BREAKING to 386. BANGKOK, Thailand -- Myanmar #39;s Prime Minister General Khin Nyunt -- among the most reformist of the military 
Five civilians die in vehicle blast KABUL -- A doctor helping organize Afghan elections died yesterday along with four other civilians when an explosion tore through their vehicle, police said.
Goosen #39;s easy home success Retief Goosen has cruised to a six-shot victory in the Nedbank Golf Challenge in Sun City in South Africa, while Aussie Stuart Appleby has tied for second.
Bush, Kerry launch fierce attacks over Iraq (AFP) AFP - President George W. Bush and rival John Kerry traded bitter blowss on Iraq and fighting terror Monday, as the US election took another bitter turn two weeks before polling day.
Half-Life 2 set for mid-November The sequel to one of the most lauded computer games ever, Half-Life 2, is to go on sale in mid-November.
GM #39;s Opel pledges to secure plants General Motors #39; Adam Opel AG unit said Tuesday it had agreed with employee delegates to try to ensure the survival of its main plants in Germany beyond 2010, while finding  quot;socially acceptable quot; ways of cutting back their work force 
Sources: EU, Coca-Cola reach settlement The European Union was ready to announce a settlement Tuesday of its long-running antitrust case against The Coca-Cola Co. after the beverage giant agreed to modify its 
Stelco, union aim for deal They will try to settle their differences by Oct. 31 in a bid to prevent the loss of more big clients. TORONTO -- Stelco Inc. and the union representing 1,000 employees working without a contract at the company #39;s 
Detroit council drops blacks-only loans in African Town plan The City Council has passed a modified version of a plan to use public funds to create a black business district in the city, voting to eliminate a requirement that only blacks get loans.
Apple preps  #39;black iPod #39; U2 limited edition promo The infamous black iPod looks set to make a second appearance next month, when Apple ships a special edition digital music device to commemorate the arrival of rock band U2 #39;s newest long-player.
Half-Life 2 set for mid-November One of the most anticipated computer games of the year, Half-Life 2, is seeing the light of day in November. The game is due to go on sale worldwide on 16 November, its publisher Vivendi have announced.
CEM launches  #39;Micro Browser #39; facility CEM Systems has announced the release of a new Micro Browser facility with the  quot;webEntry quot; system enabling a selection of system functions to be performed using a mobile phone.
Spanish MPs in fury over ball girl models Politicians in Spain slammed the use of models to be stand-in ball girls for the Madrid Masters. The 19 to 28-year-olds, who are likely to be in action when Tim Henman plays tomorrow, were drafted in to replace 
O #39;Connell will try to jump-start Aztecs #39; season Searching for a way to stop the bleeding, Tom Craft yesterday officially replaced a quarterback who is hurting and has been ineffective.
Myanmar PM under house arrest Khin Nyunt has been sacked as prime minister of military-ruled Myanmar amid allegations of corruption and placed under house arrest, a Thai government spokesman says.
Putin: Insurgents hoping to swing US election DUSHANBE, Tajikistan - Russian President Vladimir Putin said yesterday that insurgent attacks in Iraq were aimed at blocking President George W. Bush #39;s re-election, a statement seen as an indication Putin favors Bush in the upcoming vote.
Boingo, Vonage Team Up SANTA MONICA, Calif. -- Boingo Wireless and Vonage Holdings Corp., the leading broadband telephony provider in North America, today announced a relationship that teams two industry innovators in an effort 
Magma Moving At Mount St. Helens VANCOUVER, Wash. -- Magma continued to push into Mount St. Helens, where it was building a lava dome in the volcano crater, scientists said Monday.
Data laws set storage agenda IBM is the latest storage giant to step up efforts to woo IT buyers, promising partitioning capabilities cribbed from its mainframe heritage, as well as space-saving formats and better server connectivity.
Thai Spokesman: Myanmar PM Forced to Quit Myanmar #39;s Prime Minister Gen. Khin Nyunt is seen in this photo taken in June 2001 in Yangon, Myanmar. Thailand #39;s Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra, who is in the town of Mae Sot near the Myanmar border for a special Cabinet meeting, said Tuesday, Oct.
Google 'saved' Australian hostage Iraqi kidnappers "Googled" their Australian hostage to check his identity before letting him free.
Thai Spokesman: Myanmar PM Forced to Quit BANGKOK, Thailand - Myanmar's secretive military regime has forced out its prime minister, the long-powerful Gen. Khin Nyunt, and placed him under house arrest on corruption charges, a government spokesman in neighboring Thailand said Tuesday...
Greenfield halves Telfort stake (TheDeal.com) TheDeal.com - The Dutch private equity firm will sell the stake in the mobile telephone company to a Dutch investor.
Strine tips his hand (TheDeal.com) TheDeal.com - The judge, who will not rush to return a verdict in the Oracle-PeopleSoft case, indicates PeopleSoft can keep its CAP.
BBC digital radio 'must evolve' The BBC's digital radio services must remain distinctive from rivals to ensure a "healthy" market, a report says.
Cleric Faces Terrorist Charges in Britain (AP) AP - A radical Islamic cleric will face terrorist charges in Britain, a police source said Tuesday, pre-empting a U.S. extradition bid.
Iceman discoverer missing in snow The German man who found the remains of a 5,300-year-old frozen mummy in 1991 has gone missing in the Alps.
Quarter of All Afghan Votes Counted; Karzai Ahead  KABUL (Reuters) - Afghan President Hamid Karzai was on  course on Tuesday for an outright victory in the country's  historic presidential election with almost a quarter of the  votes counted from the poll 10 days ago.
Foxes kill Great Bustard chicks Foxes attack and kill two of the Great Bustard chicks recently introduced to Salisbury Plain.
Workers at Sweden Saab Plant to Protest Thousands of workers at Saab #39;s last Swedish automobile manufacturing plant will stop working for two hours Tuesday, protesting a planned wave of job cuts by General Motors that will see 12,000 jobs in Europe eliminated by 2006.
Marsh  amp; McLennan takes king hit INSURANCE broker Marsh  amp; McLennan will take a massive hit from closing down its controversial commission- generating scheme with other firms, as demanded by New York Attorney General Eliot Spitzer.
Airline plans schedule changes ARLINGTON, VA. -- Charlotte and Philadelphia will benefit by changes US Airways plans to make in its flight schedules in February.
Rams Defeat Buccaneers 28-21 (AP) AP - Looks like the Greatest Show on Turf is in high gear  #151; on offense and defense. Torry Holt caught two long touchdown passes and Adam Archuleta returned a fumble 93 yards Monday night, keying the Rams' 28-21 victory over Tampa Bay.
Microsoft backs free dual core licences SOFTWARE MEGALITH Microsoft said it will not charge its customers extra for using its software on hardware platforms with dual-core processors.
Red Hat drafts Sun exec for desktop Linux push Red Hat, the top seller of Linux, has hired a former Sun Microsystems executive to head its push to get the open-source operating system on desktop computers.
AOL Tests Desktop Search America Online will have a desktop search capability in a new browser the company is now beta-testing, an AOL spokesperson says. The spokeswoman declined to provide more details about the desktop searching 
Fergie: We Must Focus On Prague Before Arsenal Sir Alex Ferguson was in buoyant mood following Uniteds arrival in Prague on Monday afternoon. The Reds face Sparta Prague at the Toyota Stadium on Tuesday night in their third Champions League Group D game of the season.
PM talks up commitment to Indonesia Prime Minister John Howard said he wanted a close relationship with Indonesia #39;s incoming president, as he flew to Jakarta for the inauguration of Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono.
VW Looks at a US Factory A new facility for VW and Audi could take the edge off the companys currency woes. VW sales and marketing chief Georg Flandorfer, in an interview with Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung, said that steep losses 
Transactions BASEBALL Anaheim (AL): Waived INF Adam Riggs. Colorado (NL): Declined 2005 option on P Steve Reed.
Police kill Veerappan in gun battle (Reuters) Reuters - India's most wanted bandit was killed by police in a gun battle while on his way to get treatment for an eye problem, ending a two-decade hunt for a man who killed more than 100 people and kidnapped a movie star.
N.Korea Committed to 6-Way Nuclear Talks - China  BEIJING (Reuters) - North Korea says it is committed to  resolving the nuclear crisis through six-party talks, a Chinese  Foreign Ministry spokeswoman said on Tuesday, appearing to  reverse statements out of Pyongyang over recent months.
New Screening Technology Is Nigh Machines built to find weapons hidden in clothes or to sniff out bomb residue may be coming to an airport or train station near you, if transportation officials ever deploy technologies now being tested. By Ryan Singel.
Inventor Rejoices as TVs Go Dark Tired of blaring TV sets at shops, bars and waiting rooms? A new universal remote called the TV-B-Gone lets users turn off virtually any set. A trial run in the streets of San Francisco shows the device to be quite effective. By Steven Bodzin.
U.N. to Revisit Cloning Treaty This week the United Nations is scheduled to vote on a human cloning ban, and U.S. policy will play a big part in the outcome. By Kristen Philipkoski.
Candidate Has Platform for Geeks A former game programmer is running for the U.S. House of Representatives with a platform forcefully addressing tech industry issues like digital copyright protection. But he still lags far behind his opponent in the fund-raising department. By Jacob Ogles.
Plasma Beam Eyed in Space Travel A team of Washington scientists are pioneering the concept of the Mag-beam as a technology that could significantly shorten the time it takes to travel to other planets. By Lakshmi Sandhana.
E-Voting Still a Florida Bugaboo Early voters in the Sunshine State begin casting electronic ballots Monday, and it doesn't take long for the first problems to surface.
California Pumps Up Stem Cells Gov. Schwarzenegger takes a political risk and endorses a \$3 billion California bond measure that would fund embryonic stem-cell research.
Telescope Can See a Future A 20-year battle with environmentalists and others over placing a powerful optical telescope atop Mount Graham in Arizona is nearing an end. Astronomers may be using the Large Binocular Telescope by next year.
Hell no, we wont go, says Gold Fields JOHANNESBURG (Mineweb.com) -- Initial feedback from Gold Fieldss North American and European investors is rejection of the hostile all-share bid by Harmony Gold for its larger rival, which has labeled the offer as opportunistic, Gold Fields chief 
Vikings offense on a record-breaking pace (October 19, 2004) - The NFL has a new Greatest Show on Turf and the performers are the Minnesota Vikings, led by ringmaster-quarterback Daunte Culpepper.
Karnataka to investigate political links of Veerappan Bangalore, Oct 19 - Within hours after the jungle terror unleashed by Veerappan was brought to an end with his killing, Karnataka Chief Minister N Dharam Singh today announced that a probe would be conducted to uncover the political patronage and 
Humane Society opens case against Japan whaling in Australian &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; SYDNEY - Humane Society International opened legal proceedings in Australian Federal Courts on Tuesday against a Japanese whaling fleet that it charges has killed more than 400 minke whales within Australia #39;s whale sanctuary over the past four years.
Germany #39;s Six Institutes Expect Growth to Slow to 1.5 in 2005 German economic growth will slow next year as foreign demand for goods and services cools and consumers hesitate to increase spending, the country #39;s six leading economic research institutes said.
Gold Fields rejects takeover bid South African gold producer Gold Fields has rejected a \$8.2bn (4.5bn) bid by rival Harmony which would have created the world #39;s largest gold company.
Coke nears settlement with EU Coca-Cola (KO) is expected to settle soon, perhaps as early as Tuesday, a five-year investigation by the European Union into allegations that the soft-drink company abused 
Pru taps investors for one billion pounds Prudential is to tap investors for one billion pounds through a share issue, saying it needs the cash to fund its UK growth plans.
LG Electronics #39; Profit Rises 36 on Handset Sales (Update6) LG Electronics Inc., South Korea #39;s second-largest electronics maker, reported third-quarter profit rose 36 percent, better than analysts expected, after selling a record number of mobile phones.
Halo 2 leaked onto Net About three weeks ahead of its release date, a copy of the much anticipated Xbox game Halo 2 has been leaked onto the Internet. The leak, reportedly a European French-language version, came just days after 
Apple and U2 to unveil black iPod Apple is holding another of its special events - for which read high-profile product announcement - next week, where CEO Steve Jobs will be joined by U2 #39; Bono and The Edge to unveil U2-themed iPods, pre-loaded with the band #39;s new album.
Siemens Touts HSDPA Kit LONDON -- Siemens Communications will be the first vendor to bring an end-to-end solution for High Speed Downlink Packet Access (HSDPA) to market, complete with PC card.
Britain #39;s Olympic winners parade through London London - Tens of thousands of flag-waving, cheering Britons took to the streets of central London on Monday to honour their Athens Olympic and Paralympic medal winners.
RANGER GAL ICES GARDEN WITH SEX SUIT The former head of the New York Rangers #39; cheerleading squad filed a federal suit yesterday against Madison Square Garden officials, charging sexual harassment.
Bears still believe in Quinn, kind of The Bears did not want an off-season quarterback competition, but now they have something far worse: an in-season quarterback competition.
Donohoe quits after marijuana arrest UAB defensive line coach Pat Donohoe resigned Monday but declared his innocence on a marijuana possession charge. Donohoe, 51, submitted his letter of resignation to UAB head coach Watson Brown.
Police kill India #39;s most wanted bandit and was usually clad in military camouflage. He was known as the  quot;Jungle Cat quot; for his ability to. move and disappear in the forests of south India that were his home for decades.
N.Korea Committed to 6-Way Nuclear Talks - China North Korea says it is committed to resolving the nuclear crisis through six-party talks, a Chinese Foreign Ministry spokeswoman said on Tuesday, appearing to reverse statements out of Pyongyang over recent months.
Gov't unveils plan to liberalise gambling laws (AFP) AFP - Britain is to liberalise its gambling laws, allowing a wave of new casinos with unlimited jackpots to be built around the country, the government announced.
Team of Egyptian Doctors Examines Arafat (AP) AP - A team of Egyptian doctors examined Yasser Arafat after he suffered from fever, nausea and a stuffy nose, an aide to Palestinian leader said Tuesday.
N. Korea Says Talks Way to Resolve Dispute (AP) AP - North Korea's No. 2 leader has told China that his country still regards six-nation talks on the dispute over its nuclear program as the best way to reach a solution, a Chinese Foreign Ministry spokeswoman said Tuesday.
Bush Talks About Troop Presence in Iraq (AP) AP - President Bush says he doesn't envision a longtime presence of U.S. troops in Iraq similar to post-World War II deployments in Europe and South Korea that continue today.
Oil Falls Below \$53  LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices fell for a second session on  Tuesday, taking U.S. crude under \$53, on signs that high energy  costs are cutting into economic growth.
Myanmar PM Ousted, Under House Arrest-Thai Govt  BANGKOK (Reuters) - Myanmar's prime minister has been  ousted and put under house arrest after a lengthy power  struggle that has tightened the grip of hard-liners in the  military government, Thai officials and diplomats said on  Tuesday.
Beijing's Tourism Impresses Williams Three days into his 11-day trip to Asia, the D.C. mayor said Washington has much to learn from the way China's capital sells itself as a tourist destination.
Cern particle lab marks 50 years The European Organization for Nuclear Research (Cern) holds a celebration day on Tuesday to mark 50 years of work. Heads of states, including French President Jacques Chirac and King Juan 
Forbes predicts black U2 iPod Forbes, a site not usually known for rumour-mongering, believes Apple and U2 will announce special customized U2 iPods next week. The report cites  quot;sources close to the group quot;, who claim 
India #39;s Most Wanted Bandit Killed A notorious poacher and smuggler, Koose Muniswamy Veerappan stands with a gun in his hideout in the jungles of Southern India, in this 1998 photo.
Iraqi government to extend cash-for-weapons program BAGHDAD -- Ayad Allawi, Iraq #39;s interim prime minister announced plans yesterday to extend a cash-for-weapons program for Shiite fighters in Baghdad #39;s Sadr City to cities countrywide in an attempt to disarm the country.
Germany #39;s 2004 Growth Outlook Raised Germany #39;s leading economic institutes on Tuesday raised their growth forecast for the country this year to 1.8 percent, but predicted that the recovery in Europe #39;s largest economy would slow next year amid slowing export growth and high oil prices.
Cern particle lab marks 50 years Europe's Organization for Nuclear Research (Cern) in Geneva celebrates 50 years of its work.
Harmony bids \$8-bn to take over rival Gold Fields JOHANNESBURG: South Africas Harmony Gold has pounced on bigger domestic rival Gold Fields with an unsolicited, all-share takeover bid worth about \$8bn to create the worlds biggest gold producer.
Australian retail giants #39; takeover battle in limbo after regulator &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; SYDNEY: Woolworths Ltd said it will extend its latest bid for hotels group ALH Ltd after Australia #39;s takeover regulator intercepted what could have been a knock-out blow in the retail giant #39;s takeover battle with rival Coles Myer.
New policy soon to get FDI in core NEW DELHI: The government will set up a regulatory framework for infrastructure to create the necessary environment to attract \$150 billion foreign direct investment in the sector for achieving seven to eight per cent growth, Prime Minister Manmohan Singh 
Report critical of Boeing WASHINGTON - Boeing Co., which opened a homeland security business after the 2001 terrorist attacks, received at least \$49 million in excess profit under a contract to install explosive detectors at US airports, a government report found.
Levi #39;s keeps its hands on Dockers Levi Strauss  amp; Co. pulled its Dockers business off the sale block Monday, saying that the offers it received came in too low, considering the brand #39;s sales volume and prominence.
Pfizer Plans Test Of Its Arthritis Drug Pfizer Inc. on Monday announced a major clinical trial of its Celebrex arthritis drug to gauge its possible cardiovascular benefits for osteoarthritis patients.
JBoss adds workflow engine to middleware stack Open source company JBoss has added a workflow engine to its roster as it continues building out its middleware platform around the JBoss application server.
The .NET Developer #39;s Guide to Windows Security Site Offer Making applications secure has been one of the biggest priorities for Microsoft developers. However, very few books have been written for developers; most security books are aimed at administrators.
AMD pushes PC with Athlon 64 FX AMD is expected to unveil its most powerful desktop processors to date today, a few days after rival Intel disclosed changes to its desktop processor road map.
PS2 Tops Million in Korea October 18, 2004 - Korea held its annual Korean Games Conference over the weekend, bringing together developers from throughout the world for talks and lectures not unlike those featured at America #39;s Game Developer #39;s Conference.
Red Sox pull out another dramatic victory, stay alive in ALCS By Amy Sancetta, AP. Ortiz dropped a single into center field with two outs in the 14th inning to score Johnny Damon and give the Red Sox a 5-4 victory against the New York Yankees 
Souness ready to sort out players Newcastle United manager Graeme Souness says striker Craig Bellamy needs to  quot;sort himself out quot; after swearing at the team chief for taking him off in Sunday #39;s 1-1 draw with Charlton.
Raiders trade Rice, lose Gannon Tim Brown left the building in August. Rich Gannon headed out the active-player door Monday, and today Jerry Rice will have his traveling shoes on.
Injury threatens Moss streak The Vikings #39; star wide receiver suffered the injury in last week #39;s victory at New Orleans. Vikings coach Mike Tice said the problem was  quot;a little worse than a mild strain of the hamstring quot;.
Continental Posts Quarterly Loss HOUSTON - Continental Airlines said Tuesday that rising oil costs and \$280 million in federal transportation, security and airport fees charged on passenger tickets drove the carrier to post a loss in the third quarter.
Sainsbury #39;s profits to suffer 550m hit J Sainsbury today revealed it would this year suffer a 550m hit in profits, but said it would also recruit 3,000 shop floor staff in an effort to revive sales.
Kmart names new chief executive l Education: Holds an MBA and bachelor #39;s degrees in business management and English literature from the University of Houston.
Half-Life 2: Release am 16. November Wie Publisher Vivendi Universal gestern Abend in einem offiziellen Presserundbrief mitteilt, hat der hei erwartete Action-Blockbuster Half-Life 2 endlich den Goldstatus erreicht.
Sun CEO lays out server strategy Scott McNealy isn #39;t throwing barbs at Microsoft anymore. But the chief executive of Sun Microsystems still has choice words for IBM, Hewlett-Packard, Red Hat Software and other rivals.
Burma #39;s military regime  #39;has ousted prime minister #39; Burma #39;s secretive military regime has forced out its prime minister, General Khin Nyunt, according to officials in neighbouring Thailand.
Referendo en Bielorusia The Belarus electoral commission announced on Sunday that the referendum had approved the lifting of the constitutional ban on a third consecutive term for President Lukashenko.
Israeli Soldiers Kill 2 Palestinian Gunmen in Gaza Israeli soldiers shot dead two Palestinian gunmen in Gaza on Tuesday as they approached a border fence with a bomb, an army spokesman and Palestinian security sources said.
 #39;No #39; to Foreign Intervention  #39;Yes #39; to Federation in Darfur Non-intervention of foreign powers in the region was the resolution made at a mini Darfur summit held in the Libyan capital of Trablus (Tripoli), to address the issue concerning African countries.
EU Makes Final Nuke Offer to Iran Thursday-Diplomats Officials from France, Britain and Germany will meet Iran #39;s top nuclear negotiator in Vienna on Thursday to offer Tehran a final chance to halt uranium enrichment plans or face possible UN sanctions, diplomats say.
Hamza charged under UK terror act Muslim cleric Abu Hamza al-Masri has been charged with 16 offences including soliciting to murder and possession of a terrorist document.
Wall Street rides coattails of soaring oil production A sharp drop in oil prices led to a modest rally on Wall Street yesterday, with stocks edging higher on news that oil production had soared during the month of September.
2010 the next Indian odyssey Shane Warne will be on Channel Nine #39;s commentary team, Matthew Hayden will have the  #39;gone fishing #39; sign on his door and Adam Gilchrist will probably still be recovering from this trip by the time Australia #39;s next cricket tour to India comes around.
Manchester United specials Manchester United may be stuttering in the league but in four European matches this season they have scored 13 goals and conceded only five compiling three wins and a draw.
CSU moves on with Hanie Caleb Hanie was supposed to serve an apprenticeship much the same way Justin Holland did the previous two seasons. Now that Holland is out of action with a broken fibula, the true freshman finds himself as the No.
Palestinian FM: US Elections Hinder Peace Process Palestinian Foreign Minister Nabil Shaat said earlier today that the US presidential elections, which will be held on November 2, have impaired the Middle East peace process.
Airpath Joins Wi-Fi Hotspots for Easier Web Access (Reuters) Reuters - U.S.-based Wireless LAN operator\Airpath said on Tuesday it aims to run 20,000 public locations\for wireless computer access by late 2005, and connect to an\additional 30,000 hotspots through roaming agreements.
German Institutes Forecast Growth Will Slow in 2005 (Update1) German economic growth will slow next year as foreign demand for goods and services cools and consumers hesitate to increase spending, the country #39;s six leading economic research institutes said.
Microsoft moves in on music downloads &lt;strong&gt;Analysis&lt;/strong&gt; No Apple turnover, this time
The .NET Developer's Guide to Windows Security &lt;strong&gt;Site Offer&lt;/strong&gt;  #163;10 off the hands-on guide
Subscription news boosts Reuters Shares in global news group Reuters surge as it posts a smaller than expected fall in subscription numbers over the last three months.
Rocky Legends knock out Rocky Legends may offer simple button-bashing but its gorgeous visuals make it a surprise KO.
Airpath Joins Wi-Fi Hotspots for Easier Web Access  AMSTERDAM (Reuters) - U.S.-based Wireless LAN operator  Airpath said on Tuesday it aims to run 20,000 public locations  for wireless computer access by late 2005, and connect to an  additional 30,000 hotspots through roaming agreements.
Safeway Profit Falls on Strike Costs (Reuters) Reuters - Safeway Inc. , the\third-largest U.S. grocer, on Tuesday reported a lower\quarterly profit as it grappled with lingering costs from a\labor strike in California earlier this year.
Sprint Reports Wider Loss on Writedowns (Reuters) Reuters - Sprint Corp.  on Tuesday\reported a wider third-quarter loss due to a writedown in the\value of its long-distance business.
Child suicides high in Shanghai A recent study says that one-quarter of the youths in China's wealthiest city have considered taking their own lives.
2-Fingerprint ID System Called Inadequate Terrorists who alter their fingerprints have about an even chance of slipping past U.S. border watch-list checks, according to a lawmaker's findings made public to Homeland Security Secretary Tom Ridge. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Struggling Sainsbury plans price cuts to woo customers (AFP) AFP - J Sainsbury said it would halve its dividend and cut costs to fund price reductions and a sprucing up of its image in an effort to reverse flagging fortunes.
Sudan lashes out at Darfur rebels over charges of summit 'bias' (AFP) AFP - Sudan has lashed out at Darfur rebels for suggesting an African summit on the Darfur conflict was biased in Khartoum's favor and denied it was convened to preempt a UN Security Council meeting on the troubled region.
Bush, Kerry Make Last-Minute Pleas for Help by E-Mail The e-mails come in a torrent now, each seemingly more urgent than the last.
FDA Approves Artificial Heart  For Those Awaiting Transplant The decision marks the first time a mechanical device has been made widely available to replace a failing human organ.
'Orange' victory sours east Ukraine The political crisis has stung people in Donetsk and could deeply aggravate the nation's east-west divide.
Ford Posts Third-Quarter Profit  DETROIT (Reuters) - Ford Motor Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=F.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;F.N&lt;/A&gt; on Tuesday  reported a higher-than-expected quarterly profit on strength in  its finance arm.
Sprint Reports Wider Loss on Writedowns  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Sprint Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=FON.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;FON.N&lt;/A&gt; on Tuesday  reported a wider third-quarter loss due to a writedown in the  value of its long-distance business.
Source: EU-Coke Antitrust Deal in Works  BRUSSELS (Reuters) - The European Commission plans to  announce a formal proposal settling the long-running Coca-Cola  antitrust case later on Tuesday, a source close to the  situation said.
Oil Falls to \$53, Fuel Costs Hit Economy  LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices fell again on Tuesday, easing  U.S. crude to \$53 a barrel, on signs that energy costs are  slowing the economic growth that fueled this year's sharp  increase in world fuel consumption.
Chile debates when crime is 'terrorism' Critics say the government is using dictatorship-era laws to crack down harshly on indigenous criminals.
EMC Third-Quarter Net Jumps  NEW YORK (Reuters) - EMC Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=EMC.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;EMC.N&lt;/A&gt;, the top maker of  corporate data storage equipment, on Tuesday reported quarterly  profit jumped amid market-share gains against rival storage  suppliers.
Karzai Camp Smells Victory Early in Afghan Poll  KABUL (Reuters) - Afghan President Hamid Karzai was on  course Tuesday for an outright victory in the country's  historic presidential election with more than a quarter of the  votes counted from the poll 10 days ago.
EU Makes Final Nuke Offer to Iran Thursday-Diplomats  VIENNA (Reuters) - Officials from France, Britain and  Germany will meet Iran's top nuclear negotiator in Vienna on  Thursday to offer Tehran a final chance to halt uranium  enrichment plans or face possible U.N. sanctions, diplomats  say.
South America blocs in trade deal Mercosur and the Andean Community countries finally agree a trade deal.
NATO Troops Wound, Arrest Serb War Crimes Fugitive  SARAJEVO (Reuters) - NATO-led troops injured a Bosnian Serb  war crimes suspect in a shootout Tuesday after he resisted  arrest and opened fire on them, the peace force said.
'100 casualties' in Iraq attack More than 100 Iraqis  are killed or wounded by a mortar attack on a National Guard HQ, Iraqi  officials say.
Eritrea and Sudan in war of words Eritrea accuses Sudan of trying to assassinate their president, while Sudan says Eritrea backs Darfur rebels.
Bergman reveals secret love child Film director Ingmar Bergman admits to having a daughter from a romantic liaison in the 1950s.
Gambling law shake-up is unveiled Proposals for changing the gambling industry in Britain are published by the government.
Astros Beat Cards, Take NLCS Series Lead HOUSTON - On a night when pitching suddenly took over the NL playoffs, someone was bound to get a hit. Fortunately for the Houston Astros, Jeff Kent stepped up...
Over 100 Iraqis Killed, Wounded in Attack BAGHDAD, Iraq - A mortar attack on an Iraqi National Guard headquarters north of Baghdad on Tuesday killed or wounded at least 100 Iraqis, officials said, while U.S. troops battled insurgents in a major city west of the capital...
Oil falls on new demand outlook OIL prices tumbled yesterday as the market took fright at signals that the cost of energy may be choking back the rate of growth in the economy.
Gold Fields rejects Harmony Gold #39;s \$8.1bn takeover offer NEW YORK, October 19 (newratings.com) - Gold Fields Limited (GFI.NYS) has rejected Harmony Gold Mining Company #39;s recently announced takeover bid through an all-stock deal valued at about \$8.
Continental posts quarterly loss HOUSTON -- Continental Airlines said Tuesday that rising oil costs and \$280 million in federal transportation, security and airport fees charged on passenger tickets drove the carrier to post a loss in the third quarter.
Boeing reaps \$49M from US error Boeing Co. made at least \$49 million in excess profit on a federal aviation security contract because the government failed to properly structure the deal, a federal audit released Monday found.
Job gains in state sluggish California employers created just 4,900 payroll jobs in September, and the unemployment rate held steady at 5.9 percent, the Employment Development Department reported Monday.
Escalades Most Likely To Be Stolen, Insurance Group Says A midsize sedan and a luxury SUV that also comes as a pickup are the cars most likely to have problems with theft, according to the Insurance Institute for Highway Safety.
Another bump in Microsoft #39;s Windows roadmap Microsoft Corp has re-stated plans to ship an updated version of Windows Server 2003 next year, but removed a major security component from the planned operating system.
Planet formation is violent, slow and messy The collisions that spawn planets are bigger and take place over longer periods of time than previously thought, say astronomers who studied nearly 300 stars with NASA #39;s Spitzer Space Telescope.
Half-Life 2  Launch details revealed SPOnG last night received several SMS messages at ungodly hours foretelling the launch of Half-Life 2, rather a strange event for the release of a PC game.
 #39;Big Papi #39; pulls up the Sox BOSTON - They used to write scripts like this for the Boston Red Sox back in the days when they could still look to the bullpen for a pitcher named Babe Ruth.
Writing on wall is in invisible ink to ailing Gannon Rich Gannon knows what he ought to do. He knows what everybody says he must do. In fact, he sounds like a guy who knows exactly what he is going to do.
Red Hat Hires Sun Executive Red Hat has recruited Sun Microsystems executive Karen Tegan-Padir to serve as vice president of desktop infrastructure technologies.
Hamza Accused of Soliciting Murder of Jews Radical Islamic cleric Abu Hamza appeared in court today charged with a string of offences including soliciting the murder of Jews and other non-believers, stirring 
High Fuel Pushes Continental Air to Loss Continental Airlines (CAL.N: Quote, Profile, Research) posted a third quarter loss on Tuesday, as high fuel prices caused it to reverse course from a year ago when it was in the black.
Pfizer to Test Heart Safety of Celebrex Pfizer Inc. on Monday said a major new trial will test whether its popular Celebrex arthritis drug increases the risk of heart attacks, as seen with Merck and Co.
State: California gained 4,900 payroll jobs in September LOS ANGELES - California #39;s economy gained 4,900 payroll jobs in September, the state #39;s Employment Development Department said Monday.
VIA announces support for new AMD CPUs VIA Technologies today announced that its VIA K8T890 series chipsets will support the new AMD Athlon 64 FX-55 processor and AMD Athlon 64 processor 4000.
Cern reveals its secrets to the public Cern has been at the forefront of research on understanding how the universe works for half a century. It is also the birthplace of the World Wide Web.
Drawings done backwards likely doomed NASA probe The NASA spacecraft that smashed into the Utah desert last month while bringing home fragile samples of solar wind may have been doomed by engineering drawings that had been done backwards, an investigating board said.
Microsoft math: dual core licensed as one chip Microsoft will continue to charge its customers for a single processor license once a new crop of hardware servers with the equivalent of two microprocessors on each chip hit the market next year.
AMD heralds PCI Express chipsets AMD formally welcomed its Athlon 64 processor family into the world of PCI Express, touting the availability of chipsets that support the new add-in card format.
NASA reveiws mixup that doomed capsule Five years ago, after two NASA missions to Mars were doomed by elementary mistakes -- a software glitch and a mix-up between English and metric units -- the space agency devised more elaborate 
Microsoft math: dual core licensed as one chip com October 18, 2004, 9:50 PM PT. This fourth priority #39;s main focus has been enterprise directories as organizations spawn projects around identity infrastructure.
Prospect of Houston is no problem for Henman IT IS two years since Tim Henman enjoyed top billing at a championship and there, in Basle, he reached the quarter- finals before losing to David Nalbandian.
Heat handles Atlanta Shaquille O #39;Neal swatted away Boris Diaw #39;s layup to preserve a 26-point lead, then waved into a nearby television camera the moment he landed on his feet.
Niners #39; coach taking mental beating in nightmare season SANTA CLARA, Calif. - During the San Francisco 49ers #39; bye week, Dennis Erickson wants his players to get as far away as possible from their burgeoning disaster of a season.
O #39;Connell gets start for Aztecs SAN DIEGO ---- The Kevin O #39;Connell era has at least temporarily begun. On Monday, the La Costa Canyon High graduate was officially promoted to starting quarterback by San Diego State coach Tom Craft.
India ; Criminal and killer Veerappan finally exterminated India News, Dharmapuri (Tamil Nadu), Oct 19 (IANS) Veerappan, India #39;s most wanted and most elusive brigand who murdered with impunity, was finally shot dead in his jungle hideout by elite commandos using some of the very tactics he employed for well over 
Mortar Attack In Iraq Kills Or Wounds More Than 100 Iraqis BAGHDAD, Iraq -- An early morning attack north of Baghdad has killed or wounded more than 100 Iraqis. Police and National Guard officers say six mortar rounds fell on National Guard offices in a town about 25 miles from the Iraqi capital.
Belarusian Chief Sees Vote As Mandate Belarus President Alexander Lukashenko, 50, is seen during a news conference in Minsk, Monday, Oct. 18, 2004. According to the Central Elections Commission a preliminary tally of ballots from Sunday #39;s election 
Official: Yukos Sale Won't Impact Output (AP) AP - The planned sale of oil giant Yukos' main pumping unit to pay off the parent company's back taxes won't affect production, Russia's energy minister was quoted Tuesday in news reports.
TSA Deal Overpaid Boeing, Report Says Boeing Co. received at least \$49 million in excessive profits on a \$1.2 billion contract to supply explosives-detection systems to hundreds of the nation's airports, the Department of Homeland Security's inspector general reported. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Buy.com Entering Social Networking Scene Online retailer Buy.com is inviting itself into the expanding social networking scene, acquiring a Web site that rewards members with checks or gift certificates if they persuade others to buy their favorite products.
Google's New PC Search Tool Poses Risks People who use public or workplace computers for e-mail, instant messaging and Web searching have a new privacy risk to worry about: Google's free new tool that indexes a PC's contents for quickly locating data.
Schwarzenegger Says Pro-Bush Speech Irked His Wife (Reuters) Reuters - California Gov. Arnold\Schwarzenegger said on Monday that his speech backing President\Bush at the Republican Convention in August resulted in a cold\shoulder from his wife, Maria Shriver, a member of the famously\Democratic Kennedy family.
Source: EU-Coke Antitrust Deal in Works The European Commission plans to announce a formal proposal settling the long-running Coca-Cola antitrust case later on Tuesday, a source close to the situation said.
Sprint Has 3rd-Qtr Loss of \$1.91 Billion on Network Write-Down Sprint Corp., the third-biggest US long-distance carrier, had a third-quarter loss of \$1.91 billion on costs to write down the value of its telephone network as it shifts to reliance 
USA: Kmart appoints new chief executive US discount retailer Kmart has announced the appointment of Alywin Lewis as its new president and chief executive officer, effective immediately.
Heat Defeat Hawks 92-82 (AP) AP - Shaquille O'Neal swatted away Boris Diaw's layup to preserve a 26-point lead, then waved into a nearby television camera the moment he landed on his feet. O'Neal found a few ways to say hello to his new city Monday night, dominating so much in the early going that he was able to sit out almost an entire half of a 92-82 victory over the Atlanta Hawks.
Abu Hamza accused of inciting murder Abu Hamza al-Masri, the radical muslim cleric wanted by the United States, has been charged by police with 16 counts including inciting murder and stirring up racial hatred.
Controversy haunts bandit death They wanted him captured alive so he could have been brought to account for more than 100 murders he has been associated with. That controversy reflects the widespread criticism over 20 years of the way security 
Burma #39;s hardline generals Burma has been ruled by a repressive military junta for the last decade and a half, prompting economic stagnation and international condemnation.
23 tigers suspectedly die of bird flu in Thailand Some 23 tigers in a private zoo inThailand have suspectedly died of avian influenza virus, officialssaid here on Tuesday. The authorities are conducting test over samples of 
U.S. Says It Poses No Threat to N.Korea (Reuters) Reuters - The United States does not pose a\threat to North Korea and has no intention of invading, a U.S.\official said Tuesday, urging Pyongyang to abandon its nuclear\ambitions in exchange for possible security assurances.
RadioShack Profits as Wireless Sales Jump (Reuters) Reuters - RadioShack Corp.  on Tuesday\posted a 22 percent rise in its third-quarter profit due to\strong wireless sales and cost control, and reaffirmed its goal\to grow 2005 earnings by as much 21 percent.
Gutsy Ashraful spares Bangladesh's blushes (AFP) AFP - Mohammad Ashraful saved Bangladesh's blushes with a fighting half-century against New Zealand on the opening day of the first Test here.
Stocks to Watch Tuesday  European Competition Commissioner Mario Monti will hold a  news conference on Tuesday afternoon on the long-running  antitrust case against Coca-Cola, a European Union spokeswoman  said.
RadioShack Profits as Wireless Sales Jump  NEW YORK (Reuters) - RadioShack Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=RSH.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;RSH.N&lt;/A&gt; on Tuesday  posted a 22 percent rise in its third-quarter profit due to  strong wireless sales and cost control, and reaffirmed its goal  to grow 2005 earnings by as much 21 percent.
Sprint Reports Wider Loss on Writedowns  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Sprint Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=FON.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;FON.N&lt;/A&gt; on Tuesday  reported a wider third-quarter loss due to a \$3.5 billion  writedown in the value of its long-distance business.
Ford Posts \$266 Million Profit for 3rd Quarter on Credit Unit Ford Motor Co., the second-largest US automaker, posted a \$266 million profit for the third quarter, led by its unit that makes car and truck loans.
Constellation Brands Seeks to Buy Mondavi Constellation Brands Inc. (STZ.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Tuesday said it has offered to buy Robert Mondavi Corp. (MOND.O: Quote, Profile, Research) for about \$970 million, looking to add to its wine portfolio.
Car thieves #39; top targets identified NEW YORK (CNN/Money) - Cadillac #39;s Escalade EXT and the Nissan Maxima are the most attractive targets for car thieves, according to a published report.
Levi scraps brand sale LEVI Strauss has scrapped plans to sell its Dockers brand because potential buyers would not meet the companys price for the casual clothing line.
New chief at Kmart DISCOUNT store operator Kmart Holding has appointed Aylwin Lewis as its new president and chief executive officer. Julian Day, who has served as the American groups president and CEO since January 2003, will 
Glazer launches new raid on Red shares Malcolm Glazer has launched his third Stock Market raid in as many days to take his stake in Manchester United to 28.11. The American business tycoon has spent another 3.
Mutu, Spurs, Fergie And Other Dopes As a fan of Colchester United, a club who spend less on total wages per week than he earns himself alone, Adrian Mutu really takes the biscuit.
Manchester United Football Club boss admits mistakes Manchester United Football Club manager Sir Alex Ferguson admits he has made mistakes with his line-ups this season. The Reds have slipped eleven points behind leaders and champions Arsenal after only nine 
Fergie: I #39;ve been getting it all wrong Sir Alex Ferguson has admitted he must take his share of the blame for Manchester United #39;s stuttering start to the season, saying  #39;maybe at the moment I #39;m making too many changes to the team.
Bellamy happy at Newcastle United Football Club Craig Bellamy has played down reports of a rift with Graeme Souness, and has insisted he is happy with life at Newcastle United Football Club.
Cleric charged on 16 counts LONDON, England -- Muslim cleric Abu Hamza al-Mazri has appeared in a British court charged with a string of offences including soliciting to murder non-Muslims, stirring up racial hatred and possessing terrorist documents.
Mixed reaction to killing of Veerappan Chennai, Oct. 19 (PTI): The killing of forest brigand Veerappan, and three of his accomplices in a gunbattle with STF personnel in Dharmapuri district last night has evoked mixed reactions from leaders of various political parties in Tamil Nadu.
Insurance Investigation Widens to Include a Look at Costs An investigation into the insurance business is expanding, investigators said yesterday, as Eliot Spitzer, the New York attorney general, increasingly turns his attention to whether American 
GM Staff Protest European Job Cuts Thousands of embittered car workers rallied across Europe against mass job cuts planned by General Motors, the world #39;s biggest automaker, as labor unrest disrupted output at more GM plants Tuesday.
Haunted by the ghost in the machine OK, maybe after today #39;s announcement, and Justin King #39;s 400 million revival plan for the struggling supermarket chain, it is hard to vindicate the decisions of his predecessor.
Ford Swings to 3Q Profit, Beats Estimates Ford Motor Co. said Tuesday that third-quarter results swung to a profit on strong financial services revenue and automotive sales to beat Wall Street expectations.
Constellation Offers to Buy Mondavi Constellation Brands Inc. (STZ.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Tuesday said it has offered to buy Robert Mondavi Corp. (MOND.O: Quote, Profile, Research) for about \$970 million, looking to add to its wine portfolio.
Glazer edges closer to United deal Malcolm Glazer has increased his stake in Manchester United for the third day in succession to take his holding to 28.11 per cent.
Mauresmo pulls out of Zurich Challenge World number two Amelie Mauresmo has pulled out of the Zurich Challenge tennis tournament after failing to recover from an ongoing thigh injury.
Britain to try Hamza on 16 charges British judges in London Tuesday ordered radical Muslim imam Abu Hamza to stand trial for soliciting murder and inciting racial hatred.
July deadline seen for settlers leaving Gaza JERUSALEM - Jewish settlers slated for evacuation from Gaza will have until next July to go and anyone resisting will be forced out by September, the chief architect of Prime Minister Ariel Sharons withdrawal plan said.
European Economies: German Institutes Expect Growth to Slow German economic growth will slow next year as foreign demand for goods and services cools and unemployment at a five-year high damps consumer spending, the country #39;s six leading economic research institutes said.
German recovery already running out of steam: research institutes (AFP) AFP - The German economy, which grew strongly in the first half of this year on the back of robust exports, will see a slowdown next year as a result of the braking effects of runaway oil prices and a tailing off of foreign demand for German-made goods, top research institutes warned.
Ford Rises 2.7 Percent Before Bell  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Shares of Ford Motor Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=F.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;F.N&lt;/A&gt; rose  2.7 percent before the bell Tuesday after it reported a  higher-than-expected quarterly profit as strength in its  finance arm once again offset losses in its automotive  business.
British Meddling in U.S. Election Provokes Outrage (Reuters) Reuters - A pro-Kerry letter-writing campaign by\Britain's left-leaning Guardian newspaper, targeting undecided\U.S. voters, has provoked outrage across the Atlantic.
Chain Store Sales Slow in Latest Week  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Chain store retail sales slowed in the  latest week, with discount stores seeing sales soften a bit, a  report said on Tuesday.
Loan Business Lifts Wells Fargo Profit  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Wells Fargo   Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=WFC.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;WFC.N&lt;/A&gt;, the No. 4  U.S. bank, on Tuesday said third-quarter profit rose, helped by  loan growth.
Fuel, Charges Push Continental to Loss  DALLAS (Reuters) - Continental Airlines &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=CAL.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;CAL.N&lt;/A&gt; on Tuesday  posted a third-quarter loss, reversing a year-earlier profit,  as it was hurt by record-high fuel prices and a one-time charge  for retiring some aircraft.
Ameritrade Profit Up But Trading Slips  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Internet brokerage Ameritrade Holding  Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=AMTD.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;AMTD.O&lt;/A&gt; said Tuesday its quarterly profit rose from a  year earlier, though trading revenue fell as investors curbed  trading activity in recent weeks.
Gas Tops \$2/Gallon, 2.9 Cents from Record The average weekly retail price for\U.S. gasoline topped \$2 a gallon to reach the third-highest\level ever recorded by the government, the Energy Department\said on Monday.
Bird flu kills tigers in Thailand Twenty-three tigers have died at a zoo in Thailand after they ate raw chicken infected with bird flu.
Man Allegedly Forges Jail Release Papers BLOOMINGTON, Ind. - A man charged with forgery allegedly tried to get out of jail by - what else? - forging documents for his release...
New Numbers on Inflation Due This Morning WASHINGTON - The Labor Department releases the consumer price index for September this morning at 8:30 a.m. EDT...
Sprint #39;s 3Q Loss Widens on Charge Sprint Corp. on Tuesday said its third-quarter loss widened because of a previously disclosed asset impairment, but the company reported growth in wireless services and said it benefited from cash contributions from local and long distance services.
Safeway Earnings Fall on Strike Impact Safeway Inc. said third quarter net income fell to 35 cents a share from 45 cents a year ago due to the continued impact of the Southern California strike that was settled in the first quarter of this year.
Half-Life 2 By November Vivendi Universal Games will release Half-Life 2, sequel to one of the most critically acclaimed PC game titles, on November 16 this year.
UK Charges Muslim Cleric Al-Masri With 15 Offenses (Update1) UK police charged Muslim cleric Abu Hamza al-Masri with 15 offenses, including encouraging the murder of non-Muslims and inciting racial hatred.
GM and European workers prepare for clash over restructuring plans FRANKFURT : General Motors #39; European restructuring plans are heading for a further rough ride as wildcat strikes to protest the US automaker #39;s plans to slash 12,000 jobs get set to spread on Tuesday.
Continental posts third-quarter loss HOUSTON - Executives of Continental Airlines Inc. on Tuesday reported a \$16 million third-quarter loss, which includes \$22 million in special charges related to retirement of leased MD-80 aircraft.
Prudential plans one-billion-pound share sale LONDON : British insurer Prudential announced plans to sell new shares worth one billion pounds (1.44 billion euros, 1.80 billion dollars) to expand in its home market and comply with new regulations.
Microsoft math: Multicore licensed as one chip Taking a stand on what has become a contentious issue, Microsoft on Tuesday said it will count new multicore processors as single units when they debut next year.
Scanner delves beneath fingerprints For all their electronic sophistication, fingerprint scanners like those being installed by the Department of Homeland Security at airports have a major shortcoming.
Fans cheer Olympic heroes Olympic and Paralympic medallists took part in the ticker tape event to celebrate Team GB #39;s medal success in the games. David Davies, Wales #39; 1500m swimming bronze medallist at the Olympics was joined by Paralympians 
ACC: Jackets going Coastal For a league that prides itself on academic excellence, the ACC seems a bit geographically challenged. How else to explain Monday #39;s twin releases of next season #39;s ACC logo and the names for the league #39;s football divisions?
Prisoner-spy swap caps dramatic steps toward improving Israeli-Egyptian ties (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - CAIRO, Egypt (AP) - In a series of dramatic steps capped Sunday by a high-profile prisoner swap, Israel and Egypt are moving rapidly to improve relations, seizing the opportunity for a Middle East peace deal presented by Yasser Arafat's death.
The full horror of Ed Wood must be seen to be believed (USATODAY.com) USATODAY.com - Tim Burton's Ed Wood, which earned Martin Landau an Oscar for playing Bela Lugosi, is finally out an DVD today. But what about the real-life oeuvre of writer/director/auteur Edward D. Wood Jr. (1924-1978)?
Sprint Reports Wider Loss in Third Quarter (AP) AP - Sprint Corp. on Tuesday reported a wider loss for the third quarter as it wrote off  #36;3.5 billion in value for its long-distance assets.
IBM beats estimates, a positive sign for industry (USATODAY.com) USATODAY.com - IBM and the rest of the tech industry might have a better year than most onlookers expected. IBM's third-quarter earnings rose 15 from a year earlier, to  #36;1.17 a share, excluding a one-time  #36;320 million charge to settle a lawsuit over its pension plan. That beat analysts' average estimate by 3 cents a share.
Thousands of workers protest GM #39;s plans to cut 12,000 jobs in &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; BOCHUM, Germany Thousands of General Motors employees at its European factories are staging protests to fight what they call  quot;bad management.
Brewer Helps Push Up Altria Profit Altria Group Inc. (MO.N: Quote, Profile, Research) , on Tuesday posted higher quarterly profit, as higher income from its stake in brewer SABMiller Plc (SAB.
Mondavi Corp. gets bid to buy all of its assets Robert Mondavi Corp. is entertaining an offer to buy the entire company, not just the luxury assets that were put on the auction block last month.
AMD Launches Two 64-Bit Chips The Athlon 64 FX-55 processor and the AMD Athlon 64 processor 4000 the latest additions to the AMD Athlon 64 processor. Since the introduction of the AMD Athlon FX processor over a year ago, we have consistently 
Source: EU-Coke Antitrust Deal Pending The European Commission plans to announce a formal proposal settling a long-running antitrust case against the world #39;s largest soft drinks maker Coca-Cola 
Prudential to Raise 1 Billion Pounds in Share Sale (Update5) Prudential Plc, Britain #39;s No. 2 insurer, plans to raise 1 billion pounds (\$1.8 billion) by selling new stock to help fund a UK expansion and comply with European rules on capital reserves.
DVR To The Rescue! News reachs us from America of another strange tale of DVD hardwire going haywire. A couple of weeks ago a man in Oregon was paid an unexpected visit from the US Air force after his Toshiba with built-in VCR 
Apple to Announce Special Edition U2 iPod Forbes reporter Matthew Miller reported Monday that sources close to the band have confirmed the U2 edition of the popular digital music player will come preloaded 
Baseball: Boston marathon halts Yankee sprint BOSTON It was as if David Ortiz wanted to give a gift to every fan at Fenway Park. They had made him a folk hero. His legend was about to grow.
Soccer: Glazer step nearer becoming Manchester United #39;s biggest &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; LONDON : The family of US sports tycoon Malcolm Glazer said it had raised its stake in Manchester United to 27.6 percent from 25.3, making it almost the largest shareholder in the world #39;s richest football club.
Haas beats Malisse at Madrid Masters Tommy Haas of Germany defeated Xavier Malisse of Belgium, 6-4, 6-1 Tuesday in the first round of the Madrid Masters. Andre Agassi of the United States was due to meet Max Mirnyi of Belarus 
Israel, Egypt Move Toward Warm Relations (AP) AP - In a series of dramatic steps capped Sunday by a high-profile prisoner swap, Israel and Egypt are moving rapidly to improve relations, seizing the opportunity for a Middle East peace deal presented by Yasser Arafat's death.
Renowned European Laboratory Turns 50 (AP) AP - A European laboratory that was the birthplace of the World Wide Web and home of Nobel prize-winning developments in the quest to understand the makeup of matter wished itself a happy 50th birthday Tuesday.
U.N.: Peruvians Relying on Food Aid Tens of thousands of Peruvians are surviving on international food aid after the harshest weather in decades devastated their harvests, the United Nations said Tuesday.
Hefty savings on the Inova X1 &lt;strong&gt;Cash'n'Carrion&lt;/strong&gt; Lots of torch for not much cash
Schools 'failing to tap e-cash' Millions of pounds set aside by the UK government for e-learning is not being spent, say experts.
IBM Third-Quarter Earnings, Revenue Rise International Business Machines Corp. reported a small gain in third-quarter profits Monday, as increasing revenues in almost every area of the business, including emerging markets such as Russia and China, helped offset expenses from a pension lawsuit.
Commercial Demand, Europe Drive PC Sales Worldwide shipments of personal computers grew nearly 12 percent in the third quarter, driven by strong European sales and rising commercial demand, according to IDC, a research company that tracks shipments.
Toothache 'made lion eat humans ' Experts believe a sore tooth may have led a Tanzanian lion to go on a human killing spree instead of hunting buffalo.
Bengals Stun Ravens Shayne Graham boots a 24-yard field goal with two seconds left to lift the Bengals over the Ravens, 27-26, completing a 17-point, fourth-quarter comeback on Sunday.
IBM #39;s profit growth shows tech recovery hanging on IBM, a barometer of trends in the computing business, has reported a solid quarterly performance that pointed to modest if uneven improvement in the corporate technology sector.
US insurance inquiry widens NEW YORK An investigation into the insurance business is expanding as Eliot Spitzer, the New York State attorney general, increasingly turns his attention to whether US corporations and their employees are paying more for life, disability and accident 
Wells Fargo Posts Higher 3Q Profit Wells Fargo  amp; Co., the fifth-largest bank in the United States, said Tuesday that third-quarter earnings increased 12 percent on strong consumer lending growth, but failed to meet Wall Street expectations on flat revenue.
Constellation Bids \$970 Mln for Mondavi Constellation Brands Inc. (STZ.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Tuesday said it launched an unsolicited \$970 million offer for Robert Mondavi Corp.
Boston Scientific Net Profit Doubles Boston Scientific Corp. (BSX.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Tuesday said its quarterly net earnings rose as sales of its new cardiovascular device bolstered results despite a costly recall.
Black Duck #39;s protexIP  Safer Open Source Code Usage Open source can immediately prompt the words  #39;law suit #39; in some peoples #39; minds, but Black Duck have introduced a software platform that helps developers catch and resolve potential intellectual property disputes.
Apple upgrades iBooks (MacCentral) MacCentral - Apple Computer Inc. on Tuesday updated the company's iBook consumer notebook, adding built-in AirPort Extreme across the line. The new machines feature a 1.33GHz processor at the high-end, and a low-end model that sells for under US #36;1,000.
Glazer raises his share again Malcolm Glazer #39;s patient acquisition of Manchester United continues, his shareholding in the Premiership club now standing at 28.
Mauresmo in bid for top spot Zurich - Frenchwoman Amelie Mauresmo, returning after a one-week injury break, will attempt to regain her number one ranking when she competes as the top seed at the Swisscom Challenge in Zurich here this week.
After decades on run, Indian  #39;demon #39; killed MADRAS, India - He was India #39;s most wanted bandit, a brutal smuggler who murdered police officers, slaughtered elephants and kidnapped a movie star.
Abu Hamza accused of inciting murder Radical muslim cleric Abu Hamza al-Masri has been charged by police with 16 offences including encouraging the murder of non-believers, meaning a US extradition attempt has been put on hold.
PM visits embassy bombing site Prime Minister John Howard has inspected the damage caused by last month #39;s car bomb at the Australian embassy in Jakarta. The Prime Minister, who is to meet Indonesia #39;s President elect Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono 
IBM Stock Is Rising in Pre-Market Trading (AP) AP - International Business Machines Corp. stock rose in pre-market trading Tuesday, a day after the the company reported better than expected earnings for the third quarter.
McDonald's Profits In-Line with Estimates (Reuters) Reuters - McDonald's Corp.  on Tuesday\reported quarterly earnings that were in line with a\higher-than-expected forecast the company gave last week,\helped by strong sales in the United States and a tax benefit.
Housing Starts Fall 6 Pct. in September (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. housing starts slowed by a\larger-than-expected 6 percent in September after two months of\gains, but permits granted to builders outpaced expectations, a\government report showed on Tuesday.
Consumer Prices Up Modestly; Housing Dips (AP) AP - Consumer prices rose by a modest 0.2 percent in September as a decline in prices for new cars and airline fares helped to temper a rise in costs for medical care, gasoline and fuel oil.
Kmart hires fast-food exec as CEO 'and agent of change' (USATODAY.com) USATODAY.com - Retailer Kmart Holding (KMRT) has appointed Aylwin Lewis, formerly an executive at restaurant operator Yum Brands (YUM), as its chief executive and president.
Sept. Consumer Prices Up 0.2 Percent  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. consumer prices rose an  as-expected 0.2 percent last month, a government report showed  on Tuesday, but a sharp jump in lodging costs helped push  so-called core inflation up at its fastest pace in five months.
McDonald's Profits In-Line with Estimates  LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - McDonald's Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MCD.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;MCD.N&lt;/A&gt; on Tuesday  reported quarterly earnings that were in line with a  higher-than-expected forecast the company gave last week,  helped by strong sales in the United States and a tax benefit.
Ford Posts Profit; Loses Money in Autos  DETROIT (Reuters) - Ford Motor Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=F.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;F.N&lt;/A&gt; on Tuesday  reported a higher-than-expected quarterly profit as strength in  its finance arm once again offset a loss in its automotive  business.
Wall St. Set to Climb on Strong Earnings  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stock futures rose on Tuesday,  pointing to a higher market open, on retreating oil prices and  stronger-than-expected earnings from technology bellwethers  International Business Machines Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=IBM.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;IBM.N&lt;/A&gt; and Texas  Instruments Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=TXN.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;TXN.N&lt;/A&gt;
Bush, Kerry focus on Florida as polls indicate tied race (AFP) AFP - President George W. Bush and his Democratic rival, John Kerry, were continuing their battle for votes in the key state of Florida as a series of new opinion polls indicated the race remained a virtual dead heat two weeks before polling day.
Notre Dame Wins Women's Soccer Title (AP) AP - Notre Dame won its second NCAA women's soccer championship by beating UCLA 4-3 on penalty kicks after the teams tied 1-1 through 110 minutes of regulation and overtime Sunday.
Chain Store Sales Mixed in Oct 16 Week  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. chain store sales rose in the  second week of October compared with last year, as seasonal  shopping drove sales during the second week of the month, a  report said on Tuesday.
Constellation Bids \$970 Mln for Mondavi  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Constellation Brands Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=STZ.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;STZ.N&lt;/A&gt; on  Tuesday said it launched an unsolicited \$970 million offer for  Robert Mondavi Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MOND.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;MOND.O&lt;/A&gt;, which is in the midst of a  management shake-up and shifting corporate strategy, in a bid  to bolster its wine portfolio.
Woman Working for British Charity Abducted in Iraq  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Kidnappers seized a woman who heads a  British charity in Baghdad Tuesday, just over two weeks after  captors beheaded British hostage Kenneth Bigley.
Bush Signs Law to Boost North Korean Human Rights  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Bush has signed a law  aimed at bolstering human rights and market reforms in North  Korea, officials said on Tuesday.
Iraq 'set for 50 growth' in 2004 Iraq's economy is set to grow by more than half in 2004 but security challenges remain fierce, the International Monetary Fund says.
Space Shuttle Crawler Gets New Shoes NASA -- When Space Shuttle Discovery rolls to the pad next year, the trip is guaranteed to be on firm ground. That's because the Crawler Transporters used to carry the Space Shuttles to the launch pads are being overhauled, including the installation of new tread shoes...
Deep Impact Arrives in Florida to Prepare for Launch NASA -- NASA's Deep Impact spacecraft has arrived in Florida to begin final preparations for a launch on Dec. 30, 2004...
Student-Built Satellite Coming to Life European Space Agency -- Scattered in universities across Europe, a 250-strong team of students have never collectively met in person, but between them they have built a space-ready satellite. SSETI Express is currently being integrated in an ESA cleanroom for a planned launch in May next year...
SMART-1 On Track for Moon Encounter European Space Agency -- From October 10-14, the ion engine of ESAs SMART-1 carried out a continuous thrust manoeuvre in a last major push that will get the spacecraft to the Moon capture point on November 13.     SMART-1, on its way to the Moon, has now covered more than 80 million kilometres...
Social Security Gets 2.7 Percent Boost WASHINGTON - More than 47 million Americans receiving Social Security will get a 2.7 percent increase - an extra \$25, on average - in their monthly checks next year, but much of the increase will be eaten up by higher Medicare premiums.    The Social Security Administration announced the cost-of-living adjustment Tuesday, and the increase will start showing up in checks in January...
4 Die in Attack on Iraqi National Guard HQ BAGHDAD, Iraq - A mortar attack on an Iraqi National Guard headquarters north of Baghdad on Tuesday killed four guardsmen and wounded 80 others, the U.S. military said...
Microsoft math: Multicore licensed as one chip Siding with chipmakers, the software giant says it won't charge double for dual-core chips when they come to market next year.
Google Desktop reaction Jay Bazuzi:  quot;I work for Microsoft. I own plenty of Microsoft stock. I want Microsoft to succeed. But right now Google is kicking our butt.
Sales, profits, rise for Boston Scientific Boston Scientific Corp. reported a 69 percent increase in sales and a doubling of earnings for the third quarter. The Natick, Mass.
JBoss takes on business process management JBoss has added business process management (BPM) to its growing roster of open source software. The company has hired Tom Baeyens, the founder and lead developer of jBpm, an open source workflow engine.
Bayern seeks to bounce back at Juventus Bayern Munich need to shrug off their surprise Bundesliga defeat at the weekend when they face Juventus in a mouth-watering Champions League showdown on Tuesday.
NASCAR rejects Earnhardt #39;s appeal Dale Earnhardt Jr. lost his appeal of a 25-point penalty and \$10,000 fine for using a vulgarity during a postrace TV interview. Instead of leading the Nextel Cup standings Monday by a point with five races to go, Earnhardt trails Kurt Busch by 24 points.
Toshiba 20 TV freaks out, sends distress signal See what happens when your warranty runs out?. In this case, a 20 Toshiba owned by Chris van Rossman started sending out the international distress signal at 121.
Champions League snapshots MONACO have lost only one of their last 26 European home games while Olympiakos have never beaten a French side in 12 years. DYNAMO have never lost in the Champions League in Spain, where they have drawn twice with Real and also defeated Barcelona 4-0.
MAURESMO CAUTIOUS OVER COMEBACK Amelie Mauresmo is set to adopt a low-risk strategy as she returns to fitness following a thigh injury. The Frenchwoman became world number one for the first time in September but did not hold the position 
HP offers peek at future of large, plastic displays Imagine sitting down to your computer and seeing thin, plastic color displays on either side of your monitor, showing high-resolution text pages you can refer to and print from. On the wall next to you is another large display on which you can show colleagues a power point presentation, or display family photos and notes.
NEC delays notebook fuel cell launch NEC Corp. has succeeded in reducing the size of a prototype direct methanol fuel cell for use with notebook PCs but says it is unlikely to see commercialization until at least two years later than previously forecast.
Analysis: Cairo wants better ties Egypt #39;s surprise release of Azzam Azzam Sunday is a clear sign that Cairo is very serious about warming up ties with Israel. Azzam had been incarcerated in Egyptian jails since 1996, and his sudden release 
Airline tops estimates on Orbitz gains, sees 2005 loss Continental Airlines on Tuesday posted a third quarter loss and said it sees itself losing money in 2005 as well. Free! Sign up here to receive our Weekly Roundup e-Newsletter!
Storage system improves Windows data back-up Microsoft has unveiled a mid-range storage system that it said will make it quicker and easier to back-up and recover files from Windows servers.
Astros #39; Kent delivers, pleads for  #39;one more #39; He breaks up a scoreless tie with a three-run, ninth-inning homer to give Houston the victory and a 3-2 series edge on St. Louis. HOUSTON -- On a night when pitching suddenly took over the National League playoffs, someone was bound to get a hit.
It #39;s time for BCS madness again Bee Staff Writer. Translation: Let the debates begin, and break out your thinking helmets to sort it all out. It comes as no surprise USC took the top spot in the initial Bowl Championship Series standings that were released Monday.
49ers notes: Carter hoping to face Chicago Bee Staff Writer. SANTA CLARA - Andre Carter #39;s back injury has kept him out of the 49ers #39; lineup since Week 1. It #39;s also interfering with him rooting on his alma mater in person.
Copernic Updates Desktop Search Tool Copernic Updates Desktop Search Tool\\Copernic continues to challenge both Microsoft and Google in the battle for desktop search supremacy today by announcing the immediate availability of Copernic Desktop Search (CDS) 1.1, a new and improved version of its critically-acclaimed desktop search product. CDS enables users to instantly search their personal ...
Bears Defeat Vikings, 24-14 (AP) AP - Hanging with Chad was a winning experience for the Chicago Bears.
Wall St set for gains as techs prepare for rally (FT.com) FT.com - US stock index futures indicated a higher open for cash stocks on Wall Street on Tuesday thanks to falling crude prices and better-than-expected earnings from IBM and Texas Instruments.
India's most wanted fugitive shot dead in police trap (AFP) AFP - India's most wanted criminal Koose Muniswamy Veerappan, accused of more than 100 murders and on the run for decades, has been shot dead after driving into an elaborate police trap, officials said.
Scientist Envisions Small-Scale Hydropower A scientist says the United States could more than double its hydropower supply by harnessing the energy of smaller streams. Doug Hall said the feat can be achieved using small turbines or generators instead of dams.
Advances May Help Preserve Fertility By MARILYNN MARCHIONE    PHILADELPHIA (AP) -- Doctors are reporting two advances that may give women with cancer safer ways to preserve their ability to have children without compromising their chances of beating the disease.    One involves a new way to help women store up eggs before having cancer treatments that often leave them infertile...
Canadians Seek Ban on Americans' Drug Shopping By COLIN McCLELLAND     TORONTO (AP) -- Canadians must stop Americans from using Internet pharmacies to raid its medicine chest or face a drug shortage, a coalition of Canadian groups representing seniors, pharmacies and patients has warned.    The groups, claiming to represent 10 million Canadians, or about one-third the population, called on the Canadian government Monday to ban prescription drug exports...
Revenue tops recently raised outlook, up 9 NEW YORK (CBS.MW) -- McDonald #39;s Corp. met recently raised expectations for the third quarter Tuesday as the fast-food giant #39;s earnings rose 42 percent, driven by a strong performance turned in by its US operations.
US single-family starts down 8.2; permits higher WASHINGTON (CBS.MW) -- US homebuilders slowed their pace of new construction in September, with housing starts coming in 6 percent lower to put the seasonally adjusted, annual rate at 1.898 million units, the Commerce Department said Tuesday.
Ortiz quickly becoming Boston #39;s Mr. Overtime BOSTON - If there is to be a statue, it should be shaped like David Ortiz. It should be massive and menacing and brightly lit as darkness descends.
Mutu admits testing positive for cocaine Chelsea striker Adrian Mutu has acknowledged testing positive for cocaine, the players #39; union chief said Tuesday. The Romanian international met with union officials Monday, agreeing to accept 
Henman to face Costa Top seed Tim Henman will face Spain #39;s Albert Costa in round two of the Madrid Masters Series tennis eventafter the home hope defeated Georgian Irakli Labadze 6-2, 5-7, 7-5.
weather wrecks a classic Everyone was agreed: this was one of the greatest Test finishes there never was. Rain has seldom been as cruel as the downpour that washed away the thrillingly poised second Test here at Chepauk with India 
ABC News 4 Die in Attack on Iraqi National Guard HQ Margaret Hassan, said to be a British-born Iraqi national, the director of CARE International #39;s operation in Iraq is seen in this image made from video footage made on May 20, 2003.
India #39;s  #39;most wanted #39; killed in gun battle A bandit who killed more than 100 people and kidnapped a film star has been shot dead by police in India. Koose Muniswamy Veerappan, who some considered a Robin Hood for his distribution of money, died in a gun fight on his way to the doctors.
Charity boss kidnapped in Iraq A director of an international charity in Iraq has been kidnapped as she was being driven to work in Baghdad. Margaret Hassan, a British-born Iraqi national, was abducted in the capital, CARE International UK said in London.
EU executive warns of fallout from Belarus vote The European Commission warned Tuesday that a vote in Belarus paving the way for autocratic President Alexander Lukashenko to retain power will damage the ex-Soviet republic #39;s relations with the EU.
Spain Arrests 8th Person in Suspected Bomb Plot Spanish police Tuesday arrested an eighth suspected member of a radical Islamic cell believed to be plotting an attack on the High Court in Madrid.
North Korean Official: Pyongyang Wants to Continue Nuclear Talks Chinese officials report that a senior North Korean leader says his country wants to remain on track with six-nation negotiations on its nuclear ambitions.
Glazer Buys More Manchester United Stock (AP) AP - Tampa Bay Buccaneers owner Malcolm Glazer increased his stake in Manchester United for the third straight trading day, upping his ownership share Tuesday to 28.11 percent and edging closer still to a possible takeover bid.
Commercial Demand and Europeans Drive PC Sales By MARK JEWELL    BOSTON (AP) -- Worldwide shipments of personal computers grew nearly 12 percent in the third quarter, driven by strong European sales and rising commercial demand, according to IDC, a research company that tracks shipments.    A PC shipments report released Monday by another firm, Gartner, Inc., reported quarterly growth of 9.7 percent, with lower-than-expected U.S...
U.S. Core Inflation Hotter Than Expected (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. consumer prices rose an\as-expected 0.2 percent last month, a government report showed\on Tuesday, but a sharp jump in lodging costs helped push core\inflation up at its fastest pace in five months.
U.S. Core Inflation Hotter Than Expected  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. consumer prices rose an  as-expected 0.2 percent last month, a government report showed  on Tuesday, but a sharp jump in lodging costs helped push core  inflation up at its fastest pace in five months.
Lions Top Cardinals, Break Losing Streak (AP) AP - Kevin Jones ran for 196 yards and a touchdown to lead Detroit over the Arizona Cardinals 26-12 Sunday, ending the Lions' five-game losing streak and keeping their playoff hopes alive in the muddled and mediocre NFC.
Oil Under \$53 as Fuel Costs Hit Economy  LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices fell again on Tuesday, easing  U.S. crude below \$53 a barrel, on signs that energy costs are  slowing the economic growth that fueled this year's sharp  increase in world petroleum consumption.
Global Markets: Bond Prices Dip After CPI  LONDON (Reuters) - Government bond prices fell on Tuesday  after data showed U.S. core inflation rose faster than expected  in September, while upbeat earnings reports and a slide in oil  prices gave stock markets a boost.
Anger over 2000 election remains strong for Florida blacks (AFP) AFP - Democratic campaigners are targeting Florida's black community, hoping to channel their anger over the 2000 electoral fiasco into a resolve to defeat President George W. Bush.
Altria Profit Aided by Stake in SABMiller  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Altria Group Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MO.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;MO.N&lt;/A&gt;, on Tuesday  posted higher quarterly profit, as higher income from its stake  in brewer SABMiller Plc &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=SAB.L target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;SAB.L&lt;/A&gt;, a lower tax rate  and the weak  dollar offset weakness in domestic tobacco and its Kraft food  business.
U.S. Bancorp Helped by Fee-Based Products  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. Bancorp &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=USB.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;USB.N&lt;/A&gt;, the No. 6 U.S.  bank, on Thursday said third-quarter profit rose 12 percent,  helped by growing income from fee-based products and services  and a decline in bad loans.
US Core Inflation Hotter Than Expected US consumer prices rose an as-expected 0.2 percent last month, a government report showed on Tuesday, but a sharp jump in lodging costs helped push core inflation up at its fastest pace in five months.
Marsh  amp; McLennan details MSAs SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW) -- Marsh  amp; McLennan said late Monday that the contingent commissions that the firm suspended late Friday amid a probe by New York #39;s Attorney General accounted for 7 percent of its total revenue in 2003.
Constellation Makes Offer to Buy Mondavi Constellation Brands Inc., an international producer and marketer of wine, spirits and beers, said Tuesday that it had made a \$970 million bid to acquire The Robert Mondavi Corp.
UPDATE 1-Alliance Atlantis to refinance high yield debt Alliance Atlantis Communications Inc. (AACb.TO: Quote, Profile, Research) plans to refinance high yield debt, the Canadian television broadcaster, producer and film distributor said on Tuesday.
Microsoft: No extra licenses needed for multicore chips Customers that use the dual-core processors that Intel Corp. and Advanced Micro Devices Inc. (AMD) are expected to begin shipping next year will not need to buy extra licenses for Microsoft Corp.
India #39;s celebrity outlaw killed India #39;s most wanted, most brutal and most celebrated bandit has been killed in a shoot-out with police after more than 30 years on the run.
Suspected bird flu claims 23 Thai tigers: World News: Bangkok, Oct 19 : Suspected avian influenza virus claimed 23 tigers in a private zoo in Thailand, officials said here Tuesday.
Ethan Allen Posts Little-Changed Earnings Ethan Allen Interiors Inc. (ETH.N: Quote, Profile, Research) , a furniture maker and retailer, on Tuesday said quarterly earnings were little changed on lackluster consumer confidence 
Select one: HTML Text IBM (IBM) and the rest of the tech industry might have a better year than most onlookers expected. IBM #39;s third-quarter earnings, released after US markets closed Monday, rose 15 from 
JERRY RICE Jerry Rice, 42, whose NFL-record 274 consecutive games catch streak ended earlier this season, was traded to Seattle late Monday night.
Xbox 2 in January at CES? Could the Xbox 2 be revealed in January? Bill Gates will be delivering the keynote speech at the Consumer Electronics Show (CES) in Las Vegas in January 2005, and it is quite possibleeven likelythat 
Souness warns Newcastle  quot;children quot; to shape up Angry Newcastle United manager Graeme Souness has vowed to stamp out childish acts of petulance at the club and warned striker Craig Bellamy to  quot;sort himself out.
How Veerappan made his millions CHENNAI: None had really thought that the elusive Kuse Muniswamy Veerappan would ever be caught. But after five decades of this menace in the jungles bordering Karnataka, Tamil Nadu and Kerala and 120 killings 
Japan whale hunt  #39;illegal #39; ANIMAL rights campaigners today claimed Japan has illegally killed hundreds of whales in an Australian sanctuary, and launched legal action aimed at stopping the hunt.
Greenspan: Home Prices Not Hurting Economy (AP) AP - The record level of debt being carried by American households and soaring home prices do not appear to represent serious threats to the U.S. economy, Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan said Tuesday.
Poll: Kerry Has Wide Support Among Blacks (AP) AP - Blacks prefer Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry over President Bush by a nearly 4-to-1 margin, though their support for the Democrat is down slightly from the backing Al Gore received in 2000, according to a poll released Tuesday.
Ford Posts Profit But Loses Money in Cars  DETROIT (Reuters) - Ford Motor Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=F.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;F.N&lt;/A&gt; on Tuesday  reported a higher-than-expected quarterly profit as strength in  its finance arm once again offset a loss in its automotive  business.
McDonald's Net Income Up 42 Percent  LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - McDonald's Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MCD.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;MCD.N&lt;/A&gt; on Tuesday  said quarterly net income rose 42 percent, in line with a  higher-than-expected forecast the company gave last week,  helped by strong sales in the United States and a tax benefit.
Soccer coach Tom Fitzgerald killed in accident TAMPA, Fla. Soccer coach Tom Fitzgerald has died after a motorcycle accident in Tampa, Florida. He was 53. Fitzgerald coached the University of Tampa to the NCAA Division Two soccer championship in 1994, then led UCLA to the Division One title in 2002.
Consumer Prices Grew in September and Housing Starts Slid 6 A decline in some prices tempered a rise in costs for medical care, gasoline and fuel oil. Housing construction fell by 6 percent.
Crude Oil Retreats to \$53 Per Barrel Oil prices fell again Tuesday, with U.S. light crude sinking to about \$53 a barrel, despite persistent supply worries and an attack on a key Iraqi pipeline.
Ford Posts \$266 Million Profit in Third Quarter Ford was buoyed again by strong results at its financial services arm, even though its worldwide automotive operations lost \$609 million.
Consumer Prices Up Modestly; Housing Dips WASHINGTON - Consumer prices rose by a modest 0.2 percent in September as a decline in prices for new cars and airline fares helped to temper a rise in costs for medical care, gasoline and fuel oil.    The rise in the Consumer Prices Index, the government's most closely watched inflation barometer, came after prices edged up by 0.1 percent in August, the Labor Department reported Tuesday...
Stocks Move Higher As Oil Prices Decline NEW YORK - Investors bid stocks higher Tuesday as oil prices declined and earnings results from a number of companies, including International Business Machines Corp. and Texas Instruments Inc., topped Wall Street's expectations...
Team delays departure to Dhaka after death threat NEW DELHI, DHAKA, DEC 5: The BCCI has deferred the departure of the Indian cricket team to Bangladesh for a two-Test tour after its players were issued a death threat by little-known Harkat-ul-Zihad in a letter to the Indian High Commission in Dhaka.
Constellation offers \$1.3B for Mondavi (October 19, 2004) - Constellation Brands Inc. has offered \$1.3 billion in cash to buy Robert Mondavi Corp.a California maker of table wines such as Woodbridge.
US data don #39;t reflect oil rise US consumer prices rose by 0.2 last month, a US government report showed this afternoon, but the core inflation rate rose at its fastest pace in five months.
Microsoft Reveals Licensing Plans for Dual-Core Chips Microsoft Corp. does not plan to change its per-processor software licensing model when hardware containing dual-core and multicore processor technology for the Windows platform becomes available next year.
Astros apologize for replay The Houston Astros apologized to the Cardinals on Monday, saying they erred a day earlier by showing a replay of St. Louis reliever Julian Tavarezs tantrum on the stadium scoreboard.
Insurgents Kill 4 National Guards in Baghdad, Margaret Hassan &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Iraqi officials say insurgents fired mortars at an Iraqi National Guard headquarters in al-Mushahida, north of Baghdad Tuesday. Iraq #39;s Defense Ministry says four National Guard soldiers were killed and as 
Peres Warns Israeli Extremists Might Try to Assassinate Sharon Opposition leader Shimon Peres voiced fears today that Israeli extremists may try to assassinate Prime Minister Ariel Sharon because of their anger over his plan to withdraw settlers from the Gaza Strip.
Experts Warn About Google Problems On Shared Computers NEW YORK -- It was supposed to be a tool to help people find stuff on their hard drives. But experts are warning that Google #39;s new search engine for computers may leave a person #39;s personal information at risk if they use shared computers.
Sprint Earnings Sprint Corporation announces a loss of \$1.32 per share Tuesday despite strong sales for its third quarter. Sprint says the loss was caused by writing off \$3.
Can Sainsbury #39;s rise to the challenge? Ever since Napoleon described Britain as a  quot;nation of shopkeepers quot;, the golden rule for grocers has been: stock your shelves with goods that customers want, at prices they can afford.
S amp;P revises Scottish Re Group outlook to stable Standard  amp; Poor #39;s revised its outlook on Scottish Re Group Ltd. to stable from positive, citing Scottish Re #39;s (SCT.N: Quote, Profile, Research) agreement to acquire ING Groep #39;s 
Housing Starts Fall 6 Pct. in September US housing starts slowed by a larger-than-expected 6 percent in September after two months of gains, but permits granted to builders outpaced expectations, a government report showed on Tuesday.
Half-Life 2 out in November Vivendi has announced that Half-Life 2, the sequel to one of the most popular PC titles ever, will be released on November 16. The original game was released back in 1998 and earned more than 50 game-of-the-year awards.
Robbie Williams: crooning soon on a memory card near you Record label EMI will release Robbie Williams #39; Greatest Hits on mobe and PDA-compatible Multimedia Memory Card (MMC) memory card from next month.
Ortiz:  #39;That #39;s all I do is hit #39; BOSTON - Monuments in New England are made from moments like the bookends David Ortiz gave the region on Monday. When has a baseball player had two walk-off hits at frenzied Fenway Park on the same day in postseason play?
CRICKET: India denied chance India were denied the chance to push for a series-levelling victory in the second Test against Australia by the Chennai weather. India had gone into the final day on 19 without loss, needing 210 to win but heavy rain completely washed out play.
Sports Buzz It #39;s about time that someone addressed the inherent lack of integrity in the failure of the University of Alabama to play UAB in football.
=== Miami Heat 2004-05 Season Preview === Free Agent; Keyon Dooling (G) - Free Agent; Damon Jones (G) - Free Agent; Christian Laettner (F) - Free Agent; Albert Miralles (F) - Trade 
She #39;s Archie in doubt for cup Last year #39;s Melbourne Cup runner-up She #39;s Archie is in grave doubt to take her place in this year #39;s field after missing trackwork yesterday morning because of  quot;general soreness quot;.
Philadelphia 76ers 2004-05 Season Preview Trade with Cleveland; Josh Davis (F) - Free Agent; Kirk Haston (F) - Free Agent; Kevin Ollie (G) - Trade with Cleveland; Brian 
Seattle #39;s Wistrom out 4-6 weeks Coach Mike Holmgren said Monday that defensive end Grant Wistrom will be sidelined four to six weeks with a small fracture in his left knee.
New Jersey Nets 2004-05 Season Preview Free agent; Rodney Buford (G) - New Jersey; Nenad Krstic (C/F) - 2002 first round draft pick; Ron Mercer (G) - Free Agent; Jacque 
Jazeera airs kidnappee video Al Jazeera television has aired footage of the British-Iraqi woman working as the head of Care International in Iraq who was kidnapped earlier on Tuesday.
Violent end to life of crime for India #39;s most wanted bandit NEW DELHI : India #39;s most wanted criminal, Koose Muniswamy Veerappan, has been shot dead after driving into a police trap. Veerapan, who has been accused of more than 100 
Myanmar #39;s Secretive Regime Ousts PM Myanmar #39;s Prime Minister Gen. Khin Nyunt, makes a point during a meeting with Singapore #39;s Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong, in this Sept.
Aussie links to Spanish terror cell ASIO last night asked Spanish authorities to provide details of Australian phone numbers contacted by a group of seven alleged Islamic terrorists arrested across Spain on Monday.
UK, Germany to Iran: Suspend nuclear program The foreign ministers of Britain and Germany on Tuesday urged Iran to indefinitely suspend its nuclear program and avoid a showdown next month with the UN nuclear agency.
Court backs Chinese woman #39;s stay in Britain Luxembourg - A Chinese businesswoman who fled Beijing #39;s one-child policy to give birth in Northern Ireland should be allowed to remain in Britain, the European Union #39;s highest court ruled on Tuesday.
Japanese company kills protected whales: humane society SYDNEY, AUSTRALIA - The International Humane Society is taking a Japanese whaling company to court in Sydney on Tuesday, accusing it of killing whales in an Australian whale sanctuary.
Peres: Israeli Extremists May Try to Kill Sharon  JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Opposition leader Shimon Peres said  Tuesday he feared Israeli extremists might try to assassinate  Prime Minister Ariel Sharon, the target of growing far-right  fury over a planned withdrawal from Gaza next year.